  here 's the real one , not pulled out of an ass : https://www.oxforddictionaries.com/definition/english/asian, 
  i will bet you $ 10 eurobucks they wo n't manage to stop them without a wall . 
  got any bitcoins ? 
  absolutely not at all . 
  those people are simply traversing the country and causing very little direct harm . 
  there 's absolutely no chance in hell anyone orders to slaughter them . 
  you 're either psychotic or not very intelligent if you think it can come to that . 
  nope . 
  by mindfields ? 
  the argument about army was edited in by / u / _ ich _ afterwards . 
  well , they 're using kids as human shields . 
  and they outnumber you . 
  and they 'll sneak through somewhere where you wo n't expect them . 
  did hungary manage to stop them without a fence ? 
  and if it 's so easy to stop them without a fence , why did they build a fence ? 
  correct . 
  but i do n't think anyone will give them a permission to slaughter them . 
  well , that 's what i * do n't * think , if you 'll read my comment . 
  well , you edited that into your comment after i already responded . 
  anyway , army ca n't stop the migrants anyway . 
  unless they have some mobile wall , they ca n't do much . 
  there 'll always be more migrants , more determined to get through . 
  except that does n't help . 
  the minefields are not on the border ( look it up ) , and once they 're in croatia , they ca n't do anything to them . 
  they 'll probably walk on a road or take buses and trains . 
  far away from any mines . 
  so does anyone know how they want to close the border ? 
  are they planning to build a fence ? 
  because without a fence , i do n't think they can really hold tens of thousands of people . 
  ehm , i do n't think european parents are anywhere close to that . 
  what the fuck . 
  how about we give large incentives for people to have kids ? 
  how has no one at least considered that if they see this as such a huge problem ? 
  and on top of that in the left text it says that your attitude to roma people is at -85 , which is completely out of scale . 
   which begs the question : is there any nation in europe that actually likes roma people/gypsies ? 
  finally some long term solution are starting to be fleshed out . 
  we need to curb the pull factors so only real refugees come . 
  the latest figures put syrians at only 20 % of the migrant wave after all . 
  think of it in a different way , we 're now much closer to a full fence over the balkan route to the eu . 
  when the full fence is up , the migration wave will collapse to a significant degree . 
  you 're right . 
  the rate of increase is increasing as well !, 
  what ? 
  that 's bullshit . 
  since catalonia is not considering that move as far as i know , i think it 's not that easy . 
  they will . 
  not really . 
  nationality in europe is not determined by where a kid is born ( [ like in the americas ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jus_soli ) ) , but [ by blood ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jus_sanguinis ) . 
  they will be still your citizens . 
  no problem . 
  well , why should hungary budge ? 
  so they get flooded instead of croatia ? 
  that makes no sense . 
  i 'm not talking about migrants . 
  i 'm talking about human rights . 
  they might bar them from entering perhaps , dunno . 
  well , i have this policy of not downvoting opinions even if i disagree . 
  so i just wanted to clarify that this comment really deserves a downvote , since it provides no content , no opinion , just insults . 
  that has no relation to your claim that it 's our `` responsibility '' which it is n't . 
  and those educated and rich people should be helping in syria now and after the war . 
  without them , how can they rebuild their nation if they leave it only to the poor and destitute stuck in refugee camps in middle east ? 
  downvoted for providing no actual content to the discussion . 
  back to eastern europe to the countries where they hold citizenship , as per eu laws . 
   and as a potential superpower these refugees are your responsibility . 
  lol . 
  well , not really . 
  to live in a different eu country one has to support themself there . 
  these people will be deported after a while . 
  it 's ok , sweden can take them all . 
  they do not have any legal way to proclaim independence , and spain completely refuses to even grant them a referendum . 
  so catalans proclaimed that the next catalan elections will serve as a sort-of referendum , with each political party declaring before hand if they are for or against the independence . 
  since he controls the russian media , he can do whatever he wants there and he 'll look like a winner at home anyway . 
  well , diplomatically forced , they said it was insulting to call it constantinople . 
  roughly at the beginning of the 20th century . 
  anyhow , not exactly . 
  the christian era is entirely covered by the name constantinople , whereas the muslim era is split between constantinople and istanbul . 
  so if the guy wanted to point out the christian era where the city really was the most important in europe , it was definitively constantinople . 
  actually , the turks forced europe to use the name istanbul ( even though it was not right after the fall of constantinople ) , that 's why the two names can now be used to refer to the different eras of the city . 
  well , no . 
  constantinople was greek/late roman and christian . 
  instanbul refers to the turkic and muslim era where the city ceased to be connected with europe to a large degree , and thus became less important to europe . 
  well , technically , the city you 're referring to was constantinople . 
  allah appears to be playing the long con though . 
  what ? 
  they did exactly that . 
  watch the video . 
  they threw rocks and shouted allahu akbar , i.e. 
  `` allah is [ the ] greatest . '', 
  the phrase `` to be reminded of '' means that upon seeing it you think it 's similar to the holocaust . 
  they 're saying that he likened the situation to the holocaust , not that somebody reminded him of it . 
  well , syrians are already not a majority between the current migration wave . 
  people from africa and asia are starting to come in ever increasing numbers . 
  syrian refugees were just the first that proved it 's possible , now the floodgates are open . 
  you might say not all of them will be granted asylum -- but many of them will , because there are plenty of wars and unstable countries in africa . 
  but the main issue is that we wo n't be able to deport them , because they 'll throw away their passports . 
  why do n't you have them [ human rights ] in russia then ? 
  that is true . 
  maybe a link to it should be permanently stickied ? 
  well , do n't worry about it then , the refugee crisis wo n't be over for decades , or maybe ever . 
  sure , but there 's only 5 million people to visit on the other end .
