  exchange of money , goods or services . 
  they can rely on public support . 
  and from all i know the balance of good vs. bad lobbying is so incredibly out of balance for the bad side , that this move is absolutely 100 % worth it and will benefits the whole society . 
  what the heck are you talking about ? 
  economics is a field that apart other things studies how companies work , and part of that is studying lobbying and its effects . 
  for example there are studies evaluating the * return on investment * of lobbying for companies , where you can learn that instead of complying with regulations , companies often make better use of their money by lobbying because it is oftentimes several thousand times cheaper . 
  that 's what i meant , i do n't care who you are at all . 
  i am not at all against communication between anyone and elected representatives . 
  i am against the narrowly understood lobbying where exchange of money , goods or services takes place , which i believe has to be illegalized . 
  i 'm not very hopeful myself to be honest . 
  but it is important to remember what lobbying is , and to do what we can against it . 
  exactly . 
  talking is absolutely fine . 
  but any exchange of money , goods or services has to be made illegal , because it * is * bribery . 
  that 's like avoiding aids by not having sex . 
  it mostly works , but i 'd rather find a better solution . 
  i 'm 100 % for that . 
  due to my economics background * , i can tell you with certainty that lobbying creates much more harm than good . 
  and if people actually care about some issue , they can lobby independently as people . 
  that way , the will of the actual people gets the most say . 
  edit : \\* * since some people consider economics to be a dark science - i 'm not boasting to be an all knowing wizard !, 
  the study of economics simply includes the study of companies and their use of lobbying , that 's why i 'm mentioning it here . 
  also , i 'd like free movement for internet packets . 
  why ca n't i watch the french netflix here in czech republic ? 
  especially since netflix does n't offer any service here what so ever . 
  well , i think we should make lobbying illegal . 
  it 's nothing but a legal form of bribery . 
  i think tom waits solved it best when he sang * the piano has been drinking ( not me ) * . 
  ( in my country that is someone who * does n't * drink ... ), 
  right , of course . 
  no , they 're waiting until they can just roll over it . 
  i think you misunderstood , he said alcohol . 
  and the jews . 
  religious people are by definition not that good with logic . 
  ha , i actually like that . 
  sue me !, 
  even today hungary is getting * pretty * fascist . 
  well , much of europe * did * become fascist years ago . 
  hitler , mussolini , franco , also hungary and other countries . 
  it 's just that it did n't really work out then . 
  in czech we have this tongue twister , a whole sentence without a single vowel : `` str\u010d prst skrz krk . '', 
  literally translated it 's `` put your finger through your throat . '', 
  nice :-d, 
   redditor for 18 days not bad !, 
  but , honestly , are we sure finnish is really a language ? 
   btw : we got you good in hockey yesterday !, 
  are you from indonesia or just not from monaco ? 
   voyaient also 5 vowels in a row are pretty normal !, 
  of course . 
  why do you ask ? 
  they will never stop circlejerking about trianon , so forget about that , 
  how is moving with your family to a wealthier country `` not caring for your family '' ? 
  just asking ... 
  is it * that * shocking ? 
  you 're alredy the very close 3nd largest in europe ( 64 mil , vs. france 66 ) , and the largest - germany - has one of the lowest birth rates on the planet . 
  and 45 years is a * long * time . 
  well , argentina is pretty much on the edge . 
  it 's richer than some oecd countries ( chile , turkey , mexico ) which are considered the rich-countries club . 
  and notice when someone in an american film needs to escape to south america , more often than not they say they 'll go to argentina . 
  that does n't mean you can compare them to african colonies . 
  and argentina is 55th richest nation out of over 200 . 
  that 's pretty rich . 
  argentina is the richest south american country ( gdp ppp per capita ) . 
  how could you let them get so far ? 
  you ca n't ever compare colonies like the us , canada and australia that have been settled almost completely by people coming from europe , and colonies in africa , where no such large migration happened , the europeans just subjugated the local populations for a while . 
  thankfully the ai never passes enough hre resolutions . 
  we can never know for sure though . 
  i do n't think so . 
  yes , much of the wehrmacht was tied down elsewhere , and yes , germany would never defeat russia in russia . 
  but i believe they would be able to stop the russians on german soil . 
  they would pull all troops from elsewhere and concentrate them on the defense . 
  berlin would not be taken . 
  absolutely . 
  us needed uk , and uk needed us . 
  but without us , uk and its dominion would n't be able to invade the continent , and therefore hitler could have used all his forces against the might of the ussr . 
  i 'm not sure who would win , but i think russians would never get to berlin . 
  i 'm not american as you seem to suggest . 
  and the uk did take pat in the invasion , but it simply could n't do it on it 's own without the us . 
  well i obviously did n't get what part you were disagreeing with , because you persisted in your passive aggressiveness . 
  if you consider the italian and western fronts to be `` insignificant '' , i guess one of us read comics instead of history books . 
  why must you be so passive aggressive ? 
  if you think i 'm wrong , what 's your comment on [ cash and carry ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cash_and_carry_%28world_war_ii%29 ) for instance ? 
  and what about [ destroyers for bases ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/destroyers_for_bases_agreement ) ? 
  and [ lend-lease ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lend-lease ) ? 
  i 'm not writing them off , i 'm simply saying you would n't be able to mount an invasion of the continent . 
  if you think you could , you 're very misinformed in my opinion . 
  no offense to you scots , but the only western allies by that point i can think of is the uk . 
  and the uk had absolutely no chance of invading the continent on its own . 
  your power was in the navy , your army was always too small in comparison to the continental powers . 
  even if it was probably the most experienced army at the time , the numbers just were n't there . 
  to illustrate , here 's a quote from bismarck that humorously illustrates the disparity :  if the british army landed in europe , i 'd get the belgian police to arrest them . 
  what do you mean ? 
  he is right , usa has been propping up the uk well before december 7th , 1941 . 
  we ca n't be sure about that . 
  i think the germans could have very well withstood the russians on the eastern front if the us did not enter the european theatre . 
  from my flair you can guess i 'm pretty aware of what went down in czechoslovakia . 
  i 'm pointing out his comment is n't really well made . 
  honestly , we were pretty happy when they did that . 
  though that was in 1945 . 
  it would be truly disastrous for the south , absolutely .
