  well , if you keep ignoring arguments about syrians that have crossed several safe countries to get to the eu , which strips them of their refugee status , then you will keep hearing the arguments . 
  what do you expect ? 
  well , i 'm kind of afraid that if the court finds that countries have to share the immigrants , the eu as a whole will break up . 
  because it 'll be incredibly unpopular in most countries , especially in the former eastern bloc . 
  i think that was his point . 
  wow , that 's a bona fide nightmare . 
  i feel really bad for sweden . 
  i do n't say this often , but you really appear retarded . 
  it looks enigmatic . 
  i love all the trailing x 's for example . 
  i also have issues with current immigration policies , but i 'm not at all worried about our sovereignty . 
  i believe decision taken by the eu as a whole represents me as a voter . 
  and the mandatory relocation schemes were indeed * not * voted in . 
  and if some measure was to be passed that my country was severely against , we can either veto it , or leave the eu . 
  not worried at all . 
  nobody said a world government has to `` regulate all affairs '' . 
  governments have only as much power as is granted to them . 
  see us federal vs. state issues . 
  we can create a world government solely in charge of co2 emissions . 
  we are reducing co2 levels , by very negligible amounts that are n't enough to even slow down climate change . 
  and many countries in the world are n't even doing that . 
  if anyone , you are the one both insane and brainwashed . 
  well , i 've had many arguments with the brits , and generally once they mention sovereignty , you know the person is n't capable of changing their mind . 
  notice that no other nation in the eu worries about their sovereignty . 
  to put up a counter argument , because world government is a very important issue : to me , a planet without any form of world government ( even severely limited ) is a much more frightening thought . 
  because if we do n't manage to consolidate some form of at least very limited world government in the next century , global warming will swallow our societies . 
  among other things . 
  you seem like a very confused person . 
  stronger politically of course . 
  our economic output will be the same , but there wo n't be a unified `` voice of europe '' . 
  eu is finally the answer to the henry kissinger 's famous question : `` who do i call if i want to call europe ? '' but by all means , you seem very hostile to the idea and nobody is forcing you by any means . 
  it has to be your free decision . 
  i 'm of voting age , which is as much as my age is relevant to the topic . 
  also , i have n't posted into those subs in * years * , you went a really long way to try to discredit me by an ad hominem attack . 
  now to the topic : i want the uk to be in the eu so the eu can be stronger as an entity . 
  european countries , even the biggest ones , are terribly small and unimportant in the world of today . 
  china and the us are dominating the world , and the eu can be a third weight on the world stage . 
  come on man , let 's be civil . 
  i for one want uk in the eu . 
  yeah , people were nice !, 
  absolutely marvellous vacation , i 'll be back . 
  folkstone to calais , going home . 
  we took the amsterdam-newcastle ferry on the way to the isles and it was awesome . 
  the m20 to folstone was completely free as of yesterday and no queues at the tunnel either , everything was top notch !, 
  are there still some lorries waiting to be shipped over ? 
  i thought the problems already ended . 
  the passenger service had spare capacity even . 
  i just went through the tunnel last night and so i was [ monitoring the delays ] ( http://www.eurotunnel.com/uk/traveller-info/latest/ ) for some time before that . 
  they 're running pretty smoothly for some time now , even the [ operation stack ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_stack ) has been ended . 
  then they cancel each other out !, 
  no no no , yet a different one . 
  3rd flag . 
  though seriously , this is a great idea !, 
  i think first minister 's questions-like ama would be the best and time tested way to go about this . 
  the mods would obligate themselves to answer say 5 most upvoted questions every two weeks , and everyone would be happy . 
  denied . 
  i always check the relative positions of slovakia and the czech republic , it 's basically involuntary by now , 
  well , i believe once they transit over several safe countries to get to the eu , they cease to be refugees and become economic migrants instead . 
  thus there 's a mistreatment of economic migrants , which are breaking the law by being in the eu , not a mistreatment of refugees . 
  to get to the eu they have to cross other countries first as well . 
  i 'm actually on holiday in scotland at the very moment . 
  we want you guys with us , do n't worry , we just like to tease you is all . 
  they 're all a bunch of closeted horse-sexuals !, 
  median age would give us the most information . 
  minimum wages are n't very aligned between countries . 
  especially watching movies with robert duval ( l ) . 
  to us mainlanders you 're all quarter pounders with cheese . 
  everybody do the homosex !, 
  the only reason the world works is that the priorities of high powered people more often than not align * mostly * well with priorities of the nations they govern . 
  so even though most heads of governments are machiavellian bastards , the world kinda functions . 
  is that some new dance the young kids are doing these days ? 
  ok , i do n't say i 'm necessarily of the same opinion , but that is gorram funny !, 
  ... drunk, 
  or a horse !, 
  well , if galicians , asturians , valencians and andalusians want to remain part of that entity , they are welcome to do so . 
  but in the 21st century no-one should be forcing people to live under their heel . 
  if catalans want to be the masters of their own destiny , they should be allowed to do so . 
  well , my comment was meant on the scale of roughly 50 years or so , because i think in 50 years eu will either become something significantly different , or disintegrate . 
  but on the scale of hundreds of years you are absolutely right and i should n't have generalized . 
  i think in 1985 it was starting to be clear russia was getting weak , afghanistan and all . 
  nobody thought it will fall in 5 years , but that 's just an issue of a timeframe . 
  please forgive me , but i 'll be absolutely blunt for a second . 
  turkey will * never * become part of the european union , that 's a fact . 
  do n't let yourself be lied to and jerked around by the politicians . 
  i was just making fun of you ;-) also , there are many other aunts in jeeves & wooster !, 
  well , by some criteria , they indeed are n't . 
  yup , that seems like really bad data . 
  and i 'm sad he stopped doing films in french . 
  * yes aunt catherine . 
  so church had political influence which had influence on the police witch had influence on the mob ? 
  sounds like russia alright !, 
  as a former czechoslovak , i have to say that czechs and slovaks now like each other * much * more that they do n't have to live under one roof . 
  i believe the change will be better for both parties in the end . 
  they do n't have to make armed resistance . 
  catalonia can declare independence , stop obeying madrid 's orders and paying taxes there . 
  then spain only has the choice to accept that or invade them militarily , which catalonia probably would n't resist to , instead relying on the fact that military occupation of people in western europe is diplomatically unacceptable today . 
  i think catalans would turn to civil disobedience in the short term , and spain would back down in the end . 
  like anyone would want to read that dribble . 
  i believe it would because it would be flying * much * higher in significantly less dense air ( hence the rocket motors ) . 
  you 're looking at it from a european point of view .
