  russia is already firmly there . 
  not really . 
  we easterners will be ok . godspeed to you though . 
  i always confuse your flag with andorra 's . 
  well , no and no . 
  valls can of course speak only for france . 
  so what he 's saying is that france will definitively not take any more refugees . 
  now the question is , can he actually get the borders closed so that really no new migrants come to europe ? 
  he absolutely can not . 
  it has been proposed by every eastern leader since day 1 , and merkel has been blocking it at every step . 
  `` fences do n't work '' and all that . 
  so the effective situation is , we know there wo n't be another round of quotas , and we know merkel wo n't have the guts to do what is necessary to actually firmly close the borders . 
  where does that leave germany ? 
  in the shitter . 
  my flag is far more beautiful than his !, 
    still though , yes , he has a personal in the refugee matter in that it is happening in his country . 
  but that goes for all of us , not just the germans . 
  while yes , it touches all of us , the stakes are clearly highest for germany and sweden . 
  if we are forced at gun point , our country wo n't outright disintegrate when we have to take in 10,000 migrants . 
  however , it 's anybody 's guess what will happen to germany if they take 1.5 million migrants or possibly even more , since there are currently no plans to stop the intake . 
   but that 's not really what i meant . 
  he , as a german , probably wo n't lose a second of sleep over whether people think that the french pm has said that we should n't take in any more refugees . 
  i know i wo n't . 
  so him pointing out that he said something else is just that . 
  him pointing it out . 
  the other guy was seeking more behind it and i found that strange . 
  i think a lot of germans really might . 
  i believe a lot of them are realizing how fucked up the situation has become in their country , and i 've heard a lot of voices that tacitly counted on quotas away from germany to get back some kind of normalcy . 
  now with france openly defiant to further quotas , their chance for normalcy is gone . 
  i really have no idea what you are getting at . 
  he is a german , therefore he has a vested interest in what happens to his country . 
  that is * all * i said . 
  i never commented on the part about him being in denial . 
  you stated he had `` no personal interest in the matter '' , which was plainly untrue , so i corrected you . 
   yeah . 
  because posting shit on reddit has a huuuuuuuge influence on decisions in the real world . 
  no , but he has an interest in what happens to his country . 
   oh and eu quotas have never been about relocating refugees from germany to other countries . 
  only so far . 
  i fully suspect when permanent quotas were to be introduced , they would have included relocation of refugees away from germany , as many of your politicians publicly called for . 
   since hungary unilaterally relocated their asylum seekers to austria they are out of the plan . 
  hungary bussed the migrants to the refugee camps near the austrian border . 
  the migrants then decided on their own to illegally cross into austria . 
   we can manage our refugees without the help from the so called union . 
  brilliant . 
  so please stop calling for quotas . 
  we will not accept migrants . 
  he as a german has a huge personal interest in this , because it directly influences his country as well . 
  without france on board there is literally no chance of another round of ( permanent ) quotas , which is currently the only chance of germany to get out of the desperately fucked up state they 're in . 
  edit : please read my comment again : all it says is that the person has a vested interest in what happens to his country of germany . 
  nothing more . 
  edit2 : i am not the same commenter as above , my flag is far prettier !, 
  yes , if you can completely close the borders and if all countries agree , than quotas make sense . 
  but since so far no-one managed to close the borders and because half the countries disagree , quotas do not make sense . 
  and thank god for that . 
   actually even distributing the 160k is problematic since many countries are dragging their feet since just over 100 refugees out of 160,000 were distributed after several months , i 'd say * all * countries are dragging their feet . 
  danish pm already called it a disintegration of the entire system , an evaluation i agree with . 
  that gets you about $ 65 million dollars . 
  yeah , i too was a bit fascinated with the irish decision . 
  i would have never expected to utter this sentence , but facebook and germany did well . 
  the line of censorship should be drawn at direct incitement to violence . 
  that 's a solid grade ** \u03b1 ** idiocy . 
  permanent quotas without any a protection of borders will just mean that over the next decade we 'll be inundated by close to a hundred million migrants or more . 
  yes , denmark , ireland and the uk have opt-outs on this . 
  we also want one . 
   `` when we made the offer it was because we needed to solve what was viewed in europe as the ultimate solution : that if you could distribute those 160,000 , the problem would be gone . 
  it is not , '' the pm told dr. rofl . 
  it was painfully obvious throughout the entire quota negotiations that they solve exactly * nothing * , and all eastern countries pointed that out every chance they got . 
  this is some grade a idiocy . 
  france really ca n't catch a break , eh ? 
  and soon there will be demonstrations in praise of the swedish government for increasing the chocolate ration to twenty grams . 
  just no . 
  yes . 
  have you honestly never wished someone else a bad thing ? 
  and that 's beside the point . 
  yes , it 's an ugly thing to say , but you should be allowed to say it . 
  direct incitement of violence . 
  `` let 's burn those n ***** s '' . 
  please stop twisting words to `` win '' arguments . 
  i believe there are enough right-wing people ( even though they might be just 1 % of the population or less ) that might get into serious altercations with muslims that we really would n't be able to make muslims feel at home in our v4 countries . 
  and then muslims would undoubtedly retaliate by getting radicalised and launching suicide attacks . 
  that would not be good for either side . 
   they get 37 % with 50 % participation rate . 
  that means ~ 19 % of the society voted for them . 
  that means that 37 % of people who cared either way voted for them . 
  and considering that no left-leaning party got even into the parliament , i 'm pretty sure your opposite viewpoint is rather unique , and certainly not the rule . 
  why would the automoderator be shadowbanned or why would it be making secret invisible comments ( if it even can ) ? 
  the government is , quite literally , `` of the people '' . 
  it 's not a separate entity . 
  if you have an isolationist nation , you 'll get an isolationist government . 
  i do n't think they 're fuelling anything , i think they 're literally speaking what 's on people 's minds . 
  i 'll bet a lot there already is a mod for that . 
  there 's a mod for everything !, 
  the first commenter in here is shadowbanned . 
  if that is the national attitude of the poles , then the government * should * do all it can to stop any resettlement of migrants into poland . 
  accepting migrants would evidently not be good for either side . 
  completely agree . 
  the only thing that should be banned is inciting violence . 
  free speech is too important to play games with . 
  yeah , the reason being that no one else was willing to ally with them .
