  post warsaw pact countries joining the eea . 
  but of course you 're right , that would absolutely not happen in case of the ttip . 
  they 're not . 
  the other guy was referring to things like holocaust-denial and ethnic cleansing . 
  yes , as you rightly point out , along with transfers union all 19 eurozone countries will have to agree to surrender their sovereignty on domestic taxation and expenditure . 
  another immensely popular change , no doubt . 
  we can speculate here how likely this all is to ever go through , but ultimately i believe [ aerosmith ] ( https://youtu.be/zthqpe41w24?t=3s ) said it best . 
  technically , yes . 
  practically , most remaining countries will never join . 
  we 'll just keep `` trying '' to fulfil the criteria for the next century or more . 
  true , but that possibility is very remote . 
  it would necessitate a ( semi - ) federalization of the eurozone and massive financial transfers from the rich core to the poor peripheries . 
  let 's be honest here , if debt haircut was massively unpopular in germany , how can annual donations of billions of euros to greece go through ? 
  that will certainly bode well for her in the presidentials . 
  well , that requires a far higher level of expertise . 
  yup . 
  every new incognito window starts with a clean slate , no cookies what so ever . 
  the economist then thinks you 're a completely new reader and gives you a new daily limit . 
  well , so far , the eu is kind of helping them in their quest . 
  and those that do n't know you can read any article if you open it up in a * new incognito window * . 
  they know the feeling . 
  my first plan is to make sure no more come to greece and italy . 
  we already have more than we want to handle . 
  after the borders are closed , then we can talk about those who are already here . 
  but i agree , it wo n't be easy . 
  thank you . 
  actually , if your brain manages to read my comment without feelings spilling all over it , everything i said in my comment is completely factual . 
   or maybe they get attacked , because they are bombing isis themselves ? 
  i do n't think we should condone these attacks , but let 's not forget that it 's not as one-sided as people are making it out to be . 
  what you are describing is the * spark * for the attacks , and in that you are correct . 
  what i was describing was the * means * . 
  without a huge muslim community in your country and without wide open borders , these attacks would be exponentially harder to pull off . 
  that 's why they are happening only in eu countries with extremely large muslim minorities like france and uk so far . 
   furthermore , the neighbouring countries mostly are taking in refugees , problem is they are actually overflowing ( way more than around here ) . 
  i agree that they are overflowing and that something has to be done . 
  my proposed solution is to build and run eu camps in these countries . 
  after all , they have enough physical land , they just do n't have enough money and personnel to run the camps . 
  that 's something we can provide though . 
   also that ' willingness ' is debatable . 
  out of curiosity , how much help is poland or the czech republic sending currently for that purpose ? 
  i honestly do not know the actual numbers , but i disagree with your premise . 
  when merkel forces us to resettle migrants in our country , we have to stop giving aid to these neighbouring countries and start saving up for taking care of them here . 
  it 's up to [ 26 times more expensive ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3nbk5f/scandinavians_split_over_syrian_influx/cvmmcqj ) to aid them there here than in the neighbouring countries after all . 
  we 'll need all that money . 
  if there were no quotas , * then * we should be heavily contributing , but so far , we 're forced by merkel and juncker not to . 
   also , let 's not forget that the last big terroristic attack in western europe was in norway , by a native fascist . 
  so the risk it 's hardly non-existent , without muslims or refugees . 
  the last big terrorist attack was in france on charlie hebdo . 
  and the attack * you * are describing was completely unprecedented , something that happens once in a hundred years maybe . 
  islamist attacks are far more frequent and probable . 
  wait , even in britain ? 
  i thought the whole high school -  college -  uni was only a us thing ... ? 
  `` just suicide bombers '' ? 
  but without the coast which is held by russia , they wo n't be able to core it . 
  do n't worry , they 'll have to return it after some time . 
  wow , she really has that title . 
  oh britain , you quirky af !, 
  war exhaustion -3 / month it is then !, 
  very much enforced . 
  when is the last time you met someone openly denying the holocaust ? 
  fascism and neo-nazism are n't illegal in the eu as far as i can tell . 
  i disagree . 
  the last frame : `` for to be homosex yuo must glitter '' is even better !, 
  well , i think the best case scenario would be them renouncing their obviously outdated and militant religion altogether . 
  a man can dream . 
  well , given how much have the borders of poland shifted from that time , they probably would be out of place ... 
  with today 's tuition rates in britain ? 
   do n't make me go and look for your `` oh but jtalin you always want to talk about details , and i 'm too tired to do it '' yes , when we were discussing that * very same thing * for the dozenth time , i did tell you that i wo n't be discussing all the minute details all over again . 
  i in no way conceded the argument . 
   where ? 
  go digging through our comment history , it 's there . 
  and have a good day , again . 
   then you should let somebody else do it , because giving up the moment we get to the technical nitty-gritty , such as ( from your link ) :  ... you have no response . 
  you even admitted as much last time , but i see you 've gone back on that last shred of conversational decency now . 
  ** i have stated my response numerous times . 
  i never admitted anything of the sort . 
  my response always was : ** `` yes , we will build detention centres at different places than australia did , that 's the only difference . 
  '' ** which in your brain somehow does n't work for some bizarre reason . 
   wait , i thought you were guarding vulnerable readers from my opinions . 
  if it 's so obvious and the `` majority of people '' sees it , why all the effort ? 
  i do n't believe all readers have heard of the pacific solution . 
  i believe the majority of readers will conclude that you are crazy when they actually learn of the pacific solution , though . 
  that 's why i always point to it . 
   so then why bring it up again ? 
  because i believe your opinions are dangerous and any reader that might come upon them has to be offered a sane counter-point . 
  why do you think i always make the pacific solution remark into a link to actual information and data ? 
  it 's not for your benefit . 
   considering you 're the one who usually gives up at this point because you consistently fail to make a functional connection between `` the pacific solution '' and our situation and turn it into a solution that actually works . 
  nope . 
  you fail to see the obvious . 
  thankfully , the majority of people do n't . 
   wait , what ? 
  you did n't even make an argument . 
  and bringing up the fucking law is not `` nitpicking '' under any circumstance . 
  you 're either being deliberately obnoxious or just thick . 
  either way , i wo n't engage . 
   you can only close internal borders . 
   nobody sane will close external borders in the face of thousands of drowning civilians , which is a situation you will run into if you try to enforce that . 
  here we are again , i 'll say : `` of course it is , look at the [ pacific solution !, 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pacific_solution ) '' and you 'll say `` oh no , those are somehow completely different situation ( even though they 're not ) , that can not ever work ( it demonstrably can ) , you 're totally wrong !,
