  uk has n't invented the technology to heat up water so that it 's still drinkable ? 
  basically ... yeah . 
  the lisbon treaty is just european constitution with a less objectionable name . 
  personally i like it . 
  i approve this message . 
  because it looks more aesthetically pleasing . 
  * $ 10 - you do n't have to use space between the symbol and the number , and the symbol is curved into the number , which is nice . 
  * 10 $ - have to use additional space because otherwise it 's just weird ( which adds problems with line separation - got ta use unbreakable space ) , and the euro kinda trails into the endness there , i do n't like that , 
  cyprus is in the eu where turkey will never be . 
  therefore we can say there is some political consensus that cyprus belongs more to europe then turkey despite geographic location . 
  if the majority really supported him , why the vote meddling ? 
   anecdotally , i do n't think i 've ever met anyone who is openly for gay rights . 
  everyone sees it as almost a mental disease or condition . 
  you mean in russia ? 
  because everywhere else there 's plenty , including me . 
  in russia , well , how could you say you did n't if admiting it is almost or literally a crime ? 
  well , i would . 
  but to play devils advocate , there is an argument to be made for french guiana being very distant from france both geographically and economico-politically . 
  it is more of an south american country then a part of france . 
  whereas istanbul is an integral part of turkey , and it does not make much sense to separate the european part of turkey , which contains only half of the city of istanbul , from the rest of turkey . 
  they form one cohesive economico-political unit . 
  so if you choose not to include turkey , it makes sense not to include the small european part as well . 
  no , vote meddling does . 
  the gay thing just adds proper flavour , 
  no , france is predominantly in europe . 
  the point is you would n't include france on the map of south america . 
  was n't there also some vote meddling in the last election ? 
  and the anti-gay laws are way too extremist . 
  it really does smell of dictatorship . 
  that 's actually almost how the french spell us : tch\u00e8que , 
  not really . 
  in recorded drinking we 're drinking almost twice what they are . 
  and that 's the only kind you can prove . 
  unrecorded drinking is somebody pulling a number out of their ass :-) tl ; dr : moldova can suck it !, 
  subtle . 
  love it !, 
  quite informed !, 
  thank you !, 
  russians ? 
  they 're completely meek in comparison !, 
  czech here . 
  no , not really . 
  in the czech republic , alcohol problem is not drinking :-), 
  i believe in you guys !, 
  good article . 
  and i truly agree with it . 
  playing on our own respective playgrounds made us not blame each other , and we are better friends then we were bickering brothers . 
  however , what i 've heard of the economic situation over there , it does n't seem so optimistic , as you seem to perceive it . 
  and i do think that adopting the euro was n't a good choice at the time , and it proven a very bad one with the crisis that came right after . 
  but slovakia could not expect a crisis of that magnitude , of course . 
  as far as wanting it . 
  well , we all live in a representative democracy . 
  not having a referendum is no excuse for not stopping a government from doing something you really do n't want . 
  i was against acta , so i was in the streets marching in protests . 
  and we stopped it . 
  i know that is n't much , but if a government does something , and we do n't stop it , it does it on our behalf , and we ca n't hide behind non-existent referenda . 
  he is n't , read [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/14327q/youth_unemployment_in_the_eu/c79j7zb ) . 
  i believe they do , many people go there for the alps on cheap prices . 
  also , they inherited good industry from the yugoslavia dissolution . 
  well , strictly economically speaking , no , it was a bad move on their part , but they wanted it , and we just gave it to them , because are relations were becoming strained . 
  now they ca n't blame the czechs for how things are , and our relationship is much more healthy . 
  and we still very function interconnectedly . 
  i have 3 friends that currently study over there and i know countless slovaks that study and live here , etc. 
  the languages are mostly interchangeable , and we live rather happily ever after , 
  hey , that does ' t seem so bad . 
  sometimes people just do n't wan na learn , but it will help them . 
  no , it 's because of the fragmented copyright system of each country . 
  if we had one copyright area covering the whole eu , these things would n't be an issue . 
  now netflix has to obtain rights to each film/tv series for each eu country they want to broadcast it in . 
  * ridiculous * . 
  i understood perfectly what you meant by that first query , but i refused to answer such a stupidly posed question ;-) yes , we absolutely can compare historical situations directly , and learn from past mistakes . 
  germany fucked up big time twice , got forgiven , because it turns out better for everyone . 
  now greece fucked up , and everyone suddenly forgot history and its lessons . 
  i got you , bro !, 
  and uk netflix still has one of the best offerings of all the eu netflices . 
  i was comparing the debt forgiveness that germany has received after both world wars and its hypocritical unwillingness to forgive even a fraction of the greek debt . 
  next time ask like a grown up , not a 5 year old . 
  the internet is dead . 
  long live the internet ( over vpn ) . 
  just hope they do n't try to learn them the usual way -- by subjugating you for hundreds of years . 
  i have no idea , you asked about it first . 
  are n't the healthy carriers rather scarce though ? 
  so you support bbc because it 's the biggest exporter of culture and media , but you oppose opening of the iplayer to people outside of britain ? 
  or was it someone else ? 
  and now consider that the uk has probably the most access to internet content compared to every other eu country . 
  it 's like a fucking desert over here !, 
  what did he propose ? 
  edit : found it : http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/jun/15/we-will-hurt-eu-if-migrant-crisis-is-not-fixed-says-italian-pm-matteo-renzi i like his plan , it actually solves the issue . 
  though i am seriously baffled why have n't i heard about it at all . 
  i 've been following / r/europe very closely past few months , must have slipped me somehow . 
  what has been the reaction ? 
  that 's all very noble , but people are n't rationally calculating computers and life is * very * long . 
  there comes a time when you are enormously tempted and do n't have the willpower to resist . 
  i believe the main difference between people who have n't ever cheated in their entire lives and people who have , is opportunity . 
  because everyone has moments of weakness . 
  what did he say ? 
  what an incredibly stupid and biased law . 
  never understood how that could have passed in a civilized society . 
  i noticed that too , does n't seem very rigorous . 
  yes i believe it is as prevalent .
