  there are many actual solutions that can be implemented to stave off the crisis . 
  australia managed to do it too . 
  you 're just so arrogant that you say your proposed `` solution '' is the only one possible and thus we have to obey you . 
  but we 're not willing to bend over , so tough luck for you . 
   my point exactly . 
  you 're making it more difficult for everybody else and practically manufacturing a crisis where there normally would n't be a crisis at all ( because < 1 million people is trivial to deal with in an organized fashion on an eu level ) . 
  that 's a perverted way of looking at it . 
  we 're not doing it because we want to make a crisis . 
  we just categorically object to this relocation , that is all . 
   this has been proven wrong many , many times . 
  repeating it will not make it so . 
  not it has n't . 
  and saying it has without any proof or argument will not make it so . 
   is there a source for this or is it just populist interpolation ? 
  extrapolation of a trend . 
  well , first off , my country , and several others just do n't wish to accept these migrants . 
  and we do n't have any obligation to do so . 
  but besides that , we 've had 2 quotas so far , the 4th will be 1.2 million , the 5th will be 4 million , the 6th 12 million and on and on . 
  there 's almost unlimited amount of people wishing to resettle in the eu . 
  most territory of syria is not an active warzone , so yes , you guess correctly about you being misinformed . 
  you sound incredibly misinformed . 
  not everyone is willing to abandon their country , their heritage and their compatriots . 
  yes . 
  contrary to what you think , most people stay in their countries even during war . 
  the vast majority of syrians are still in syria . 
  well , we 're going to insist on standing still . 
  if it collapses , so be it . 
  actually , what * you * want is not possible . 
  with our power of veto , you ca n't change anything , so what i want is * very much * possible . 
  we want to be part of the eu how it currently is . 
  you want to change it , but we have the power of veto , so you ca n't . 
  it seems * you * do n't want to be part of the current eu , not us . 
  so , you think it 's a total coincidence that refugees from yugoslavia went all the way to sweden and germany instead neighbouring countries like bulgaria , albania , romania ? 
  yeah , when they got to you they were economic migrants . 
  and believe me , if rich countries closed their doors , they 'd stay in their home countries instead of moving to early 90s post-communist countries . 
  one of those `` kids these days have it too easy , force them into the military like they forced me !!! '', 
  types , are you ? 
  i get it that you would n't be one of those conscripted if the law was passed . 
   you honestly think that the benefits you recieve by being part of the eu somehow equates to `` two fries once in a while '' ? 
  the unilateral benefits including eu funds , yes . 
  however , there are also benefits that benefit both sides , such as no trade barriers . 
   we are asking the same countries that we helped during the 90s to do the same now . 
  if you mean former yugoslav states , then sure , ask away . 
  but for eastern europe , i do n't see how you helped us in the 90s . 
   show some compasion for your fellow humans . 
  we are , we are proposing increased funding for refugee camps in first safe countries . 
  compassion has many forms . 
  resettlement into our countries is one we shall not engage in , however . 
   nobody said that it would be easy but we all have to step up and take responsibility . 
  we have no responsibility to these people , stop playing the moral card . 
  we do n't have to do anything beyond securing our borders . 
   the eu is n't just there to hand you benefits , you have to earn them . 
  eu is there to operate within eu laws and treaties . 
  there are no laws saying we have to take refugees from you . 
  we did n't sign up for that , and we wo n't tolerate it now . 
  if you have a different idea of the eu than what it actually is , tough luck for you . 
   take responsibility if you want to be a part of the eu instead of biting the hand that is feeding you . 
  eu funds are mostly around or below 2 % of gdp . 
  it 's not a hand that is feeding us , it 's a hand that gives us two fries once in a while . 
  and for that , you 're asking us to take a momentous risk on the entire future of our country ? 
  nope . 
  [ there 's hope for you yet . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/blackface ), 
  the first was 40,000 , then it was 120,000 , so the next one will likely be about 400,000 . 
  the czech republic has been doing it ever since the crisis started . 
  it 's working all right , but the foreign media is crucifying us for it . 
  we say , fuck 'em . 
  our mind is made up . 
  we want to stay at this moment . 
  but we will not permit further integration . 
  we have the right of veto , and we simply wo n't give it up . 
  it 's that simple . 
  if you want to federalize and take away the right to veto , do it without us . 
  here we nicely see the difference between the rhetoric of western eu countries and their actions . 
  at least we easterners are not hypocrites . 
  could you also remove the flair `` removed -- duplicate '' then ? 
  nice . 
  finally you can break both your hands and * not * make it to the frontpage of reddit . 
  that was an example of `` how western propaganda spins this one '' . 
  what the commenter asked . 
  first off , not single-handedly , britain , the czech republic and other countries will be stopping it . 
  and i do n't see any reason why we should leave ? 
  we mostly like being in the current eu ( with some reservations ) . 
  so if you want further integration despite objections of several members , you have to do it without them . 
  there 's no possibility for you to force us to leave or sign treaties we do n't like . 
  we 're back again . 
  last time i checked we 're free not to sign any further eu treaties , thus we can easily stop the ever-closer union we do n't wish upon ourselves . 
  so you 're saying for the first 60 years there was little progress in eu harmonization ? 
  well , we 're saying , we liked it just fine . 
  if you want turbo federatization , do it without us . 
  absolutely not , we 're not throwing any tantrums . 
  we just wo n't sign something we do n't like . 
  why the hell should we ?!, 
  and because this is how we feel , we 're saying to you , hey , we do n't want to block you , if you really want an ever closer union , do it without us !, 
  two-speed europe . 
  hm , they seemed to agree on many things of significance between 1951 and 2007 . 
   no , it did not . 
  repeating a fallshood will not make it correct . 
  right back at ya !, 
   veto systems , through entire human history , were always inferior ways to rule nations .
