  so , basically they 're saying : `` democracy can not be trusted , do it behind people 's backs ! '', 
  brilliant . 
  if you 're really going there , we want a two-speed europe , or we wo n't sign anything , because we wo n't be having no part in federal europe . 
  and we want our sovereignty on asylum policy back , or we 're a-walkin ' right after britain . 
  when 97 % of the population agrees on something , you know it 's serious . 
  thanks !, 
  east-bump to you too . 
  merkel has the entire europe by the balls it seems , so , yeah . 
  as merkel/eu have repeatedly stated , that is not going to happen . 
  well , it still would have been covered by the media . 
  croatian-slovenian border is not mountainous ? 
  sweden will just say `` fuck it '' and make voting a matter of public record so that they can stone those bloody racists . 
   politicians tend to make decisions affecting far more people than they have jurisdiction over ( including people who have no saying in their respective elections ; i.e. 
  people from other countries ) ; expecting everyone to comply with their decisions and then acting all hurt and offended when it does n't happen . 
  oh , how right you are . 
  there 's a widespread hatred of the germans in the czech republic at the moment , because for some reason they expect us to just accept mutti merkel 's heel over us and shut up about it . 
  but we 're not gon na do that , so they can shove it up their collective asses . 
  i totally agree with the rest as well . 
  politicians are totally failing us in this crisis . 
  it 's dated 16 october and actually says it happened the day before that , so it 's 3 day old news . 
  it seems this would have been covered by the mass media , yet i do n't think it was . 
  something seems weird here . 
  can you point to any source saying this was actually agreed ? 
  it might very well be just a draft or something else . 
  i think you mean germany and sweden , europe in general is not very open to refugees . 
  estimates are they will have 64 of the 200 seats . 
  and they will be able to make a coalition with a center-right party . 
  it 's about trade . 
  they keep interviewing that same one guy . 
  save the archduke franz merkel , save the world !, 
   by sending her to belarus i mean executing her . 
  you might want to refrain from that association lest you want your tourism to plummet . 
  ok , i changed the wording , now it says `` if you do n't ever want turkey in the eu '' , which is what i meant . 
  oh , you 're completely right , i forgot about that one . 
  so , the fifth republic lasted until 1990 , and then we ended things with the sixth republic 1990-1992 ? 
  he 's certainly a skilled dancer . 
  then you should downvote . 
   the russians never subscribed to any contract saying that they would n't occupy crimea lol . 
  that 's not how it works , man . 
  nice . 
  i have a different opinion , therefore i have to be deluded . 
  great debating skills . 
  and that downvote was real classy . 
  fuck turkey . 
  ( the animal ), 
  for such a linguistically complex continent the english language education needs to be seriously stepped up . 
  because he was pushed out by the eu since they feared his influence ? 
  if you 're referring to me , and it seems that you are , i do n't complain about `` illegal immigrants '' , that 's more of an american parlance . 
  i 'm simply complaining of migrants seeking benefits and richer life rather than literally fearing for their lives , as they should to qualify as refugees . 
  i have to say , i love the audacity and business genius of these smugglers . 
  they know exactly how to benefit most from the shit merkel put us all into . 
  this is a survey of / r/europe users . 
  if you have links to some actual surveys , they are welcome . 
  this is not about profiting , this is about simple supply and demand . 
  if the supply is limited ( sweden is not a populous country ) and the demand is exuberant , the prices * have to * go up so you can find place for everybody . 
  if you want low prices than the demand will * never * be fulfilled and people will freeze to death in tents and on the streets . 
  you can have one or the other , never both . 
  people are drowning ? 
  maybe they should n't have gone to battle the high seas on a rubber boat . 
   she obviously knew killing her children was n't right , she buried them to hide the fact . 
  that proves she knew it * after * the fact , not while she did it . 
  she did it on drugs , she basically had little idea what she was doing at the time . 
   being a drug addict on methamphetamine and marijuana is no excuse . 
  actually , it is . 
  if she did it sober , knowing full well what she was doing , * that * would be a truly heinous crime . 
  a pre-mediated murder of 3 newborns should be punished by a life in prison , but not this . 
  i think he means when they forced us to promise or else ... 
  i see two mitigating circumstances : 1 . 
  she was addicted to drugs , thus it was n't a premeditated crime . 
  she admitted to it and expressed remorse . 
  so , crimea is still ukrainian ? 
  unlike in the us or other countries , our legal and custodial system is aimed at rehabilitation , not revenge . 
  i honestly believe this woman has a chance to be rehabilitated , and hence she should be given that opportunity . 
  the hell why ? 
  trade is universally accepted as a great thing . 
  that 's the sort of thing that should be explained in the original comment . 
  anyway , i think 24 years in prison is adequate . 
  you need to strangle your children ? 
  or how am i supposed to understand your comment ? 
  hopefully they 're able to extrapolate the tampons after use . 
  [ answer through a beautiful song . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oipvrvc1n-y ), 
  actually , there was also the ~ ~ 2nd ~ ~ 3rd czechoslovak republic between 1945 and 1948 . 
  therefore since 1918 we 've had 49 democratic years and only 48 non-democratic ones . 
  that 's quite a good experience with democracy . 
  if my count is correct , that 's one democratic year better than spain had during the 20th and 21st centuries . 
  ( 1931-1939 [ including the 3 year civil war ] , 1975-onwards . ), 
  i wonder how well can slovenia close their border ? 
  i heard speculations that due to the mountainous terrain there they would n't even need an extensive fence . 
  it was interrupted , but we still had more time under democracy than under communism . 
  you 're certainly not speaking for me or many other people . 
  and we czechs had democracy since 1918 by the way . 
  not true at all . 
  / u/emk2203 summed it perfectly . 
  societal cohesion is a hard thing to come by , so while we have it , let 's not throw it away . 
  let 's not rock the boat , because we all know it can be * much * worse . 
  exactly , you gave an incredibly wide band , thus my comment . 
  you really think that 1 in 10 regular europeans heard of these two small spanish towns on the coast of africa ? 
  i 'd bet a big sum it 'd be close to 1 % !, 
  of course , unlike say libya , turkey is a powerful country , so they should ask the permission to do this in exchange for visas .
