   ever wondered why your state did n't took that step regarding the whole refugee thing ? 
  i 'm totally not following what you mean by this , could you reformulate it ? 
   this does n't reflect reality at all . 
  it does n't work on any level , not even on local level because you always have interfering interests . 
  i completely disagree with that . 
  lowering trade barriers benefits * all * countries for example . 
  regulating mobile phone roaming charges benefits all countries . 
  common defense benefits all countries . 
  there are * many * areas that all countries will agree on . 
  yes , some elements within the countries might be opposed , like telephone operators , but that does n't matter , the countries would all be for it . 
  that is the eu i want . 
  and if you want to push something outrageous to me , like the refugee quotas , let me have an opt-out , like uk , ireland , denmark have , and go right ahead . 
  but do n't screw me over like that , especially not after a great 60 year tradition of consensus building !, 
  i did n't say all the v4 countries were outvoted , i said the v4 was outvoted . 
  poland was the outlier because they were against it , but then folded under german pressure . 
  poland faces an election in 3 weeks , and the current government has no chance of being re-elected , so it 's speculated merkel promised them cushy eu positions if they change their vote . 
  outvoted countries were in the end : czech republic , slovakia , hungary and romania . 
  first relevant google result : https://euobserver.com/tickers/130370, 
  hehe :-d thanks , man !, 
   qualified majority voting was n't introduced with the lisbon treaty . 
  it was ratified in the treaty of nice in 2001 . 
  lisbon then simplified it . 
  actually , nice introduced a different variant of it , and most importantly it was n't really used anywhere . 
  it was the lisbon treaty that said that in almost all matters qmv will be used and unanimity no longer followed . 
   but i do n't see how this makes a valid point regarding how `` undemocratic '' the process is . 
  i never stated that this decision was `` undemocratic '' . 
  i stated that i do not want democratic decisions at the eu council level . 
  i always want unanimity , because i wo n't be part of a european federation . 
   also keep in mind how `` well '' the un security council works with those veto powers . 
  if you 'd apply that on the eu with basically giving every country the right to veto , it 'll end up as : `` nice that we talked about it . '', 
  we 'd never be on eye level with the us , russia and china ( in the future ) . 
  that 's good , i do n't want the eu to have any powers that the member states ca n't all agree on . 
  eu should only do the things that benefit everybody , or at least harm nobody . 
  this decision directly and strongly harmed us and our sovereignty . 
  i do n't care about being on eye level with the superpowers , i want our country to be sovereign in all matters that are important to us . 
  the western immigration policy is an enormous fuck-up , and we shall not follow in the same footsteps . 
  -- ** important ** : due to time constraints , i am only able to respond to comments of ~ 1000 new characters or fewer ( 3-4 paragraphs ) . 
  * brevity is key to successful communication . 
  well , you can either go digging here : http://eur-lex.europa.eu/oj/direct-access.html?locale=en or you can trust independent journalists that they indeed verified what they reported on . 
  there 's bias in the media , yes , but they do n't really outright lie . 
  and they do fact check these things . 
  and i you as well . 
  no idea either . 
   / r/europe has of course no idea what the reality is , but is suits the agenda and narrative so it will blindly be accepted . 
  i 'm not sure why you 're blaming / r/europe , this is an article from the left leaning new york times . 
  indeed . 
  before the crisis i personally did n't believe there was so much manipulation in the media . 
  but now i have no doubt what so ever . 
  being in the nato does n't mean you 're anyone 's bitch . 
  nato is a common-defense alliance , and there 's been alliances like this throughout the entire length of history . 
  because the discussion would get too long every time , i tend to concentrate on the most important point and debate that . 
  so , towards your argument : what you 're describing is a federation . 
  in a federation , like the us , states have no inherent sovereignty and can be always outvoted by the majority or the federal government . 
  now , do we want this in our eu ? 
  i * absolutely do not * . 
  for one , we ca n't be a well functioning federation when we are so different , there 's no european nation , there 's only a collection of nations . 
  i think the majority of europeans do * not * want a federal eu , as evidenced by brexit , marine le pen rising above all hopes in france , upcoming referendum in the netherlands , the dissent of the v4 on the migration issue , and so on and so forth . 
  but you are correct that we * did * fuck up spectacularly by signing the european constitution rebranded as the lisbon treaty which abolished the requirement of unanimous voting . 
  that goes way too far , and is regarded in our country as the biggest fuckup of our diplomacy in history . 
  i am dead set on either repealing the lisbon treaty or exiting the eu . 
  these `` pick one '' comments are always so obnoxious and overwhelmingly wrong . 
  the eu is both extremely inefficient and starting to become very dictatorial . 
  if you had n't noticed , they spent 3 months preparing and discussing and then outvoting us on redistributing those 120,000 people . 
  meanwhile , 10,000 people come in 1 day right now . 
  that means , they agreed to distribute 12 days worth of migrants over the next 2 years . 
  that 's both dictatorial and extremely inefficient . 
  they should have made some progress on actually closing the borders , yet they decided to spend months on distributing 12 days of migrants . 
  yes , removing subsidies is not popular among farmers , but farmers make up less than 1 % of the population . 
  we need to move to the 3rd millennium and stop with these antiquated practices . 
  at that time we better have a well protected border . 
  i have high hopes in mr. orb\u00e1n , he can do it . 
  and then slovenia will have no choice but to close their border as well . 
  it was such an embarrassing moment for all of europe , i 'm not sure if we can get back from there . 
  it shattered so much trust in the eu that they now deserves all the euroskepticism they get and more . 
  i agree signing the european constitution badly rebranded as libson treaty was a huge fuckup on our part . 
  it 's currently regarded as the biggest cock-up of our diplomacy in the history of the country . 
  it has to be repealed asap . 
  it was the tuesday before the eu summit . 
  the eu council meeting of the ministers where we were outvoted on the migrant quotas . 
  i think it was two weeks ago ? 
  because the actual voting is public knowledge . 
  and voting result like this has never ever happened in the history of the eu on such important decision . 
  also i 'm not a conspiracy theoretician . 
  food security , food security , food security . 
  the argument gets thrown out so often , yet it 's meaningless . 
  europe will not run out of food . 
  even if we outsource the majority of food production to 3rd world countries , like we should have done ages ago if we were n't selfish , it does n't mean we could n't easily restart food production if a global war started again . 
  uk and switzerland did it quite successfully during ww2 . 
   there 's also the fact that you ca n't really have a single market in farming products if there are different levels of subsidy by country . 
  that 's not true . 
  you * can * , just some countries will not be producers , but only buyers . 
  and it 'll be good for them , the people will be free to do more beneficial work , and our food will actually be subsidized by tax money of the french and others !, 
  i say why not , they want to give us cheap food , i say let them !, 
  no , this was a move completely without precedent , all news media reported that fact , so i 'm not making this up . 
  democracy between states only works in a federation , i do not want the eu to become a federation , i want a collaboration of countries . 
  and each country could decide if they want them . 
  i do n't want to prop up uncompetitive industries with tax money in my country . 
  food production is best left for poorer countries , so they can get a bit richer from the trade too , and we can concentrate on more productive endeavours . 
  i tend to agree . 
  these people are looking for resettlement and benefits , not asylum .
