  i am a huge fan of history , thus i do not agree with your personal assessment . 
  and you 're conflating the definitions of `` isolationist '' to suit your argument . 
  not allowing muslim immigration into our countries does not makes us isolationist at all . 
  and comparing it to for instance chinese isolation is completely laughable . 
   soooo , following your logic , youre saying `` christians '' arent christians if they arent devout catholics ? 
   youre trying to see islam or shishlam as a set of legally binding and completely enforced rules , which it simply isnt . 
  if you refuse to follow the primary doctrine of a religion , i do not consider you a member of that religion , that is correct . 
   it would be in time . 
  dont ever think that people will be content massacring each other , when there are western countries sitting by , who are doing oh so well , and refusing to take in brothers , sisters , mothers fathers , sons and daughters of people fighting . 
  sooner or later , there will be spill-over . 
  what do you think `` terrorism '' is ? 
  that has been happening for hundreds of years and no real threat has surfaced yet . 
  terrorism comes from westerners meddling in muslim countries . 
  the opposite of inaction . 
   yeah , i mean its not like this has happened before , right ? 
  i mean obviously people would follow traditional rules of warfare , and directly assault these countries , rather than use means of attack that stand a chance of succeeding/doing damage , right ? 
  this has never happened before . 
   isolationism is a shitty policy in cases like these . 
  especially when dealing with religious fanatics , who need a `` devil '' . 
  i disagree . 
   thats the thing : yes !, 
   it would take extensive re-education , but it is entirely possible . 
  by then they would n't be followers of shishlam , however , would they ? 
  now consider that shishlam has 2nd doctrine that says any apostates have to be immediately executed . 
  fun , eh ? 
   there is , if every country thinks this way . 
  i agree that there would be * a * problem in that case ... i.e. 
  a bit more people dead in wars . 
  but there would not be a problem in our eu countries what so ever . 
   the theory behind it is economic imbalance , ultimately causing people to attack what they see as the root of their problems , which they might well find in western society . 
  poor countries will never be a military match for rich countries . 
  not improbable , impossible . 
   ever watched `` bowling for columbine '' ? 
  spoiler alert : the documentary is devoid of scientific fact , which is a shame , since i actually liked it . 
  and they did point out quite a bit of data in the documentary . 
  if it 's devoid of scientific fact , it 's not `` supported by data '' as i said . 
   fundamental unintegratability seems ridiculous to me i 'm baffled how you can think it 's ridiculous . 
  hypothetical religion , let 's call it * shishlam * , could hold as its first and primary doctrine that `` democracy is the root of all evil and has to be fought at all times . '', 
  could followers of this religion ever be integrable in our democratic countries ? 
  i am not certain if this is the case with islam as well , but all empirical data so far points that way . 
   now you can close your borders , and keep people out , but ultimately , that might cause different problems . 
  like it or not we all live in the same world , and have to make do with one another . 
  there 's absolutely no serious problem that will be caused by not accepting muslim migrants to resettle in my country . 
  that is pure scaremongering of the far-left . 
   ultimately , if we dont accept refugees , we might end up in a war ( though thats very far off and/or unlikely ) what ? 
  that seems a bit delusional even if you think it 's `` very far off and/or unlikely '' . 
   the zdf documentary gave me the impression that its a problem with integration rather than anything else , which could potentially be adressed . 
  there 's practically no example in history of good integration of large group of muslim migrants . 
  in every country attempted it has failed . 
  however , other groups * have * integrated successfully . 
  that leads me to believe it is a problem with the religion which is unintegrable . 
  and i am completely unwilling to stake the future of my country on a hypothesis that it is somehow possible even though it has failed every time so far . 
  also , i think documentaries are scientifically valid sources if they are supported by data , hence why i posted the report by the pew research center . 
  i recommend a thorough reading , it is quite shocking . 
  as a matter of fact i do , here are two to get you started : * [ zdf - islam - effects on germany ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kvwaikoatwm ) * [ the world 's muslims : religion , politics and society ] ( http://www.pewforum.org/2013/04/30/the-worlds-muslims-religion-politics-society-overview/ ) , i highly recommend chapters 1 and especially 2 . 
  i am only talking for myself and my nation , 97 % of my countrymen want to send them back . 
  however , you of course should do how you wish yourselves . 
  as to why : because we believe large scale muslim migration to western countries does * far * more harm than good . 
  the overall effects are * vastly * negative over long term and very-long term . 
  nothing , i in their place would do the same if europe was foolish enough to be accepting economic migrants . 
  however , unlike with genuine refugees , no country has any obligation towards economic migrants . 
  none what so ever . 
  and we should send them all back . 
  the ultimate `` refugee or migrant '' test is when they leave turkey . 
  only for a very limited number of them ( practically only the kurds ) , the test is when they leave greece . 
  but by that point , all of them are economic migrants . 
  only if you have never referred to a french person as a frog / - eater or laughed about someone referring to them as such . 
  western governments and western people both . 
  have you missed reddit for the past 2 months ? 
  we 've been called xenophobic racists by every western news outlet and vast plethora of pundits and reddit commenters . 
  illegally entering denmark and refusing to request asylum is a crime your police can easily charge them with . 
  it has been already explained to the migrants that their only chance of resettlement is in these countries when they are selected . 
  they still refuse to go and rather chose to escape . 
  well , i for one do * not * dream of electric sheep . 
  matrix !, 
  well , if sweden had balls and brains , they could simply say `` denmark is a safe country , you have nothing to flee from , so no entry . '', 
  but of course , sweden has none of those . 
  migrants are refusing resettlement in eastern europe , so there 's not much we can do . 
   you 're just a random guy on the internet who projects his own opinion on the czech nation . 
  i 'm a czech that lives among other czechs , unlike you . 
   i 've got eyewitness statements too , there . 
  no you do n't . 
   no , it is n't . 
  you 're just panicking now . 
  i love that you , a belgian , feel entitled to tell the czech nation how they should think . 
   and biased . 
  certainly better than you without any experience . 
  actually , you have over 8000 . 
   with syrians making up roughly half . 
  all statistics say syrians make only 20 % . 
  [ source . 
  ] ( http://metro.co.uk/2015/09/19/eu-statisticians-claim-only-1-in-5-migrants-are-from-syria-5398412/ ), 
  computer generated immigrants !, 
  and yet westerners by and large continue to berate easterners for not following their `` successful '' immigration policies . 
  i see great career opportunities for you at fox `` news '' !, 
  i 'll say , i 've been holding a fart since 2010 . 
  yes , the regular buses that transport 10,000 people every day from the macedonian to the croatian border that have absolutely not been set up because of the migrants . 
  20 % syrian edition . 
  the rest is general biomass . 
  if only one could harvest * beer * electric power , my country would lead the world !,
