  this is list in addition , not a total listing . 
  i try not to use any insults or anything of that sort , but i may be blunt sometimes . 
  your argument to mate77 is invalid , since you yourself said `` 50 % of the votes '' . 
  and since you directly contradicted the facts of the reality i had no choice but to consider your biases as the cause . 
  well , better wording would be `` 2nd and soon possibly 3rd best '' . 
  edit : the wiki page is using 2014 data , if you look the 2015 data , all sources will be in concert . 
  the problems with euro are n't immediate , but present themselves over long periods of time . 
  it took greece close to a decade to get truly fucked by the euro . 
  it might take longer for estonia , but lest the mechanisms of the eurozone are improved , it will start making problems almost everywhere outside of germany . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean , our first nuclear power plants started producing power in the 1970s , almost half a century ago . 
  i think his brain just refuses to see reality because it does n't like it . 
   also , no european government is likely to be interested in encouraging having european countries have fragments of their country rip away without buy-in from the parent country plenty of countries have no problem setting this precedent , because they are in fact homogenous countries . 
  and many countries , like the baltics , the czech republic , slovakia , poland , hungary and more have actually national history of being subjugated peoples , and thus will look favourable to catalans because they themselves went through that same process , sometimes with lots of blood shed . 
  again , you present your own opinion as a fact . 
  plenty of countries have * no * problem setting this precedent , because they are in fact homogenous countries -- like denmark . 
  and many countries , like the baltics , the czech republic , slovakia , poland , hungary and more have actually national history of being subjugated peoples , and thus will look favourable to catalans because they themselves went through that same process , sometimes with lots of blood shed . 
  oh , you 're right , the kurdish situation is much more pressing than northern cyprus at the moment , i retract that part . 
  just this year the czech republic has overtaken slovenia in gdp per capita ( ppp ) -- the most important measure . 
  and lithuania and slovakia are getting awfully close -- hence the `` or possibly 3rd '' . 
  yeah i think many eu countries will recognize it as well , i hope mine will in its true spirit -- we have many times been subjugated people ourselves . 
  the second paragraph was just an answer to his question what countries will recognize it . 
  because i do n't think it 's politically and diplomatically feasible to deny the self determination of an ethnic group in western europe today . 
  i might be an idealist , you might be overly pessimistic , only time can tell . 
  also , former spanish colonies might recognize them out of solidarity alone . 
  and transnistria , south ossetia , abkhazia and nagorno-karabakh might recognize them if catalonia reciprocates . 
  ~ ~ and turkey will recognize them if they recognize northern cyprus . ~ ~ edit : it 's not nice to immediatelly downvote people ;-), 
  i do n't think so , i believe many countries * will * recognize catalonia . 
  and if catalonia refuses to pay taxes as a whole , spain will have to react either way . 
  beautiful town , but there are about 100 tourists per meter squared . 
  that 's all true , but that still does n't qualify it as `` great economy '' . 
  great economy countries are the netherlands , the nordics , switzerland , germany , austria , etc. 
  the best you can say about slovenian economy is that it 's 2nd or possibly 3rd best in eastern europe . 
  calais , specifically . 
  the russian army ? 
  that looks pretty close , very promising !, 
  now , what do you think will happen if catalonia declares unilateral independence ? 
  is it possible that the rest of spain will use force ? 
  possibly the armed forces in a show of strength ? 
  because their handling of the possible independence was so far pretty hostile as far as i can tell . 
  i 'm absolutely not saying they `` can not '' , i 'm saying they `` will not '' . 
  they do n't lack a way , they lack a will . 
  because the only thing you can do that will stop hordes that * massively * outnumber any possible border guards is to mow them down with machine guns . 
  which is * absolutely unacceptable * , i hope everyone can agree on that . 
  remember , over 800,000 people will arrive in germany just in 2015 , and maybe twice that next year by the current rate of acceleration . 
  you ca n't arrest them , because you have no place to put them , not enough police vans to carry them , not enough border guards to detain them , not enough handcuffs to restrict them , and no way to deport them . 
  if the entire eu chipped in for proper border control in hungary and possibly slovenia , there would n't be any migrant crisis . 
  alas , politicians are cowards . 
  germany can close it 's borders all it wants , there 's absolutely no chance they will be able to stop the migrants though . 
  they ca n't police the entire length of their borders . 
  if a border guard comes across a few hundred migrants sneaking through some forest or whatever , what can they actually do ? 
  they ca n't shoot them , they ca n't arrest them , because they are too many , they have no way to force them to stay on the austrian side , because they will always be outnumbered and outflanked . 
  the only thing closing of schengen will do is make it harder for eu citizens to travel , it wo n't stop the migrants at all . 
  but it 's all nice in the sand !, 
  all warm and cozy , and you do n't see any uncomfortable things !, 
  which will soon be mostly in europe !, 
  every day our president is far away is a good day !, 
  i 'm right there with you , i do n't think disrespecting millions of chinese wwii victims is an adult response to some minor squabble . 
  so what putin is coming too , grow up . 
  exactly my thinking too !, 
  we could have had a real asset in our president , like the queen is for the british . 
  but instead of an asset , we have an asshat . 
  eh , honestly , he would be a better president than the abomination we have now . 
  turkey can say `` fuck you , you 're not coming back '' , but who cares ? 
  the migrants have n't entered the eu legally either . 
  turkey * can * start shooting them , but then the migrants will hear of that , and probably wo n't decide to take a trip to europe , if they 'll hear that migrants had to actually go back * and * were killed by the turks . 
  it makes me so glad that people-to-people communication ( reddit , twitter , facebook ) is overtaking the curated bullshit of the mass media . 
  they might have controlled people for generations , but it stops now . 
  i would n't even respond such an asshat , it 's not worth it . 
  macedonian army already had to gas the migrants and even had to shoot some rubber bullets iirc . 
  and things will only escalate from here . 
  accidents happen , units have to defend themselves against angry mobs , and so on . 
   to me , this apathy is sickening . 
  the ** major powers in europe caused this mess , through shitty action or through inappropriate inaction ** , they should sort it out . 
  so , damned if they do , damned if they do n't ? 
  are you being serious ? 
  is everything europe 's fault , or just most things in the world ? 
  i see what you did there , our slovak brethren will not be amused . 
  not that i agree with him , but they did kinda disagree with the `` everything should be germany '' issue . 
  ehm , * not at all * . 
  european communities ( ec ) started in 1957 and worked four decades before they were renamed to european union , which worked some years still until schengen was adopted . 
  schengen is not at all necessary and certainly * not * one of the most important values that made eu possible . 
  you 're possibly referring to the free movement of people and goods which the ec was built upon , but that does n't in no way necessitate there be no border checks for illegal immigrants . 
  do you have any source on kurds not being safe in turkey ? 
  i know they have a harder life than other people in the country , but i have n't heard of them being * unsafe * or in danger . 
  what i heard is that they actually provide a significant swing votes in election so they are being courted by the politicians even . 
  exactly . 
  the `` refugees '' want rich germany , not poor eastern europe . 
  immigration is an issue not exactly split along political lines . 
  plenty of leftists are against immigration , and plenty of right-wingers are for it ( because it benefits the companies ) . 
  wow , i never knew you guys had your own writing system !, 
  it looks freaky !, 
  my friend just visited georgia and said you guys do n't have a postal service . 
  is that true ? 
  it 's a bit weird , how do you then deliver official governmental post and stuff like that ? 
  lol , how can you standardize the amount when the prices and wages are so vastly different across the eu ? 
  she has gone full retard . 
  so what is it depiction of ? 
  it looks vaguely like a microsd card , 
  can i ask what flag are you displaying in your flair ? 
  i do n't think the problem is with the woman as much with the journalist that decided to quote that woman .
