  on the other end of the channel tunnel there 's over 60 million people . 
  and more people means more cities , more history to visit , etc. 
  as someone who has commented here for well over a year , i completely agree . 
  true , now it 's just about slowing it down somewhat . 
  they probably have 1 . 
  this is so sad . 
  how dare anyone call these people nazis . 
  i 'm sorry , i have to go . 
  guys , it 's a complete pipe dream that wo n't be built at least for another 30 years . 
  but i 've just ran out of time to argue with you . 
  well , first off , not really -- denmark is by far richer , and richer countries produce more products and traffic , the other side is by far closer , so that also affects amount of traffic and again , on the other side is n't just finland ( 5m ) but norway and sweden ( 15m ) . 
  so theoretically you could take the copenhagen-malmo traffic and divide it like 4-5 times for a rough estimate . 
  that minister pulled it all out of his arse , read the comments . 
  he 's a walking joke . 
  and no , eu pays some small upfront fee , but hosting and integrating refugees into your country will cost orders of magnitude more . 
  and the integration will undoubtedly fail anyhow . 
  if not , pressure your politicians , it 's your country . 
  except that is by far shorter -- the tunnel is just 4km , not the 50km a helsinki-talinn tunnel would take . 
  the rest 8km are a bridge -- far easier to construct . 
  so even the total length of 12km is far shorter than 50km necessary here . 
  and beyond that , it serves sweden and norway , combined population of 15 million . 
  because before this year nobody in the west cared about syrian refugees , and now they are all scared germoney will push us to take refugees and we wo n't have enough resources to take care of them . 
  if on the eu summit we agreed to no quotas what so ever , eastern europeans would certainly donate to the refugees . 
  i 'd say quite larger than that . 
  there 's noway enough traffic for it . 
  the channel tunnel serves roughly 60 million people in the uk on one end , whereas this will serve just 5 million finns and some bush swedes . 
  well , the end of the pipe on finnish territory would have to be lead to an estonian embassy , so the finnish drinking restrictions would n't apply !, 
   the problem is you do n't do either . 
  you ( or better we ) do n't take in refugees and we do n't pay anything to help other countries to handle this situation . 
  kinda shitty . 
  we have already taken ~ 1500 syrian refugees . 
  and we ca n't spend all our humanitarian money , because every two weeks germoney is threating they 'll shove thousands of migrants our way . 
  we 're a really small and still not rich country , we ca n't save everybody . 
  we 'd like to help people in turkey , but we ca n't because we 'll probably need it to house refugees here . 
  unicorn wire !, 
  not at all . 
   it 's like a fire fighter showing up to your burning house and then demanding 100.000 krona to extinguish it . 
  firefighters voluntarily agreed to fight fires beforehand are paid to fight fires . 
  eastern european countries have n't agreed to house migrants . 
   with or without quotas you should do it . 
  we have limited resources , remember that we are roughly 3 times poorer than germany for fuck 's sake . 
  we can either take say 5000 refugees or pay to house 50,000 in turkey . 
  so it 's up to germoney if they 'll force us to do the former -- then we wo n't be able to do the latter . 
  the benefits and negatives of megathreads were discussed so many times it 's really not worth going into it yet again . 
  the majority of people agree that the negatives far outweigh the positives and that they were a very bad idea for the topic of migration . 
  yes , i believe there is a very strong support increasing monetary aid if germoney/eu promises not to revisit quotas for the upteenth time again . 
  you might not get that reaction , but when i hear someone saying something i strongly disagree with , i have a strong urge to downvote him . 
  i fight it , but the urge is there and it 's very powerful . 
  well , i absolutely agree . 
  bat barring one of us getting elected as greek pm and the other replacing juncker , i think the best thing for serbia is to build a fence . 
  so you 're saying you want to create a race of * superenglish * ? 
  that 's horrifying !, 
  slovakia is not a point of entry for the vast majority . 
  you 'd have to report them to hungary . 
  it 's actually done according to the unhcr practices on `` first safe country '' it has nothing to do with dublin regulation . 
  but to deport them to turkey we would have to prove they crossed turkey on their way i believe . 
  the only border whose closing makes sense is the border to montenegro . 
  i disagree . 
  i 've been here for a long time , and i did n't have this problem . 
  i do n't downvote comments ( unless they are highly offensive ) now or before , but now i really have to fight myself on it -- as i wrote in the last comment . 
  i did n't have such strong opinions , because there was n't as divisive a topic . 
  now this guy wants to limit my freedom of expression on this sub , and i * really really hate that * . 
  that did n't use to happen , so i did n't have such strong feelings to fight against to be able not to downvote him . 
  thanks !, 
  and that 's where eu should help !, 
  we can provide a lot of funds , we can send there mobile hospitals , we can provide a lot of assistance . 
  only if we did n't have to spend our resources on $ 500/week per 1 immigrant in the eu , on building fences , and so on . 
  because ultimately , we really have limited resources , so helping them in turkey and other border countries will assure we will help as many as we possibly can . 
  not only those that are strong and rich enough to get to europe . 
  ... and a partridge in a pear tree . 
  can i ask where do i find my karma by subreddit ? 
  french exceptionalism . 
  this is why there are so many downvotes . 
  i disagree with you so strongly , i have an exuberant urge to downvote you . 
  i really have to fight myself to not do that . 
  totally agree , a filter button would quell all this disagreement . 
  to each his own . 
  well , maybe we should put a sticky to the top of the sub with the most important rules of rediquette highlighted and with some discussion why they 're necessary . 
  i think people would behave better if they 're reminded of it . 
  that is coming from a guy that is obsessed with this topic and likes there is so much discussion on it . 
  but the downvotes are indeed kinda out of hand . 
  exactly . 
  people really want to read , watch and discuss this topic . 
  i totally agree that we have an obsession , but i do n't see anything wrong with that if it 's our democratic choice to indulge in it . 
  that was seriously awesome video . 
  i love drone footage !, 
  also , i was really surprised they cut off the highway like that . 
  does anyone know how normal citizens now cross the border ? 
  i thought normal check-points would remain . 
  you certainly lose some . 
  like the freedom of movement . 
  if you 'd ask them , they 'd deny it for copyright reasons . 
  yeah , we figured out it was all just bullshit to control people a long time ago . 
  that sounds about right !, 
  now get cracking about the transport order . 
  or sex ... 
  no you ca n't , they 'll rock the boat , capsize it and drown !, 
  but then you 'll scare the kids !, 
  well , bear will eat the policeman the second kids leave !, 
  hot !,
