estelle is the first child of the crown princess , which means she 'll be crown princess in turn when victoria becomes queen . 
  no , i would n't start liking a former politician turned king better simply because he became king . 
  he would still have been a former politician and former party leader . 
  that 's one of the main draws for me ; a head of state that 's not a politician , that 's divorced of the political issues and not divided by party lines . 
  i could get behind the current king and i could get behind victoria when she becomes queen . 
  beyond that , i do n't know since estelle is only a small child . 
  there are never any guarantees . 
  but i have no issues with victoria becoming queen . 
  that means we 're hopefully set for the next 30-40 years . 
  the biggest problem with hereditary nobility , in the way of the royal family , is that there 's very little choice involved in it . 
  not really that someone is born into a position of power , because that will happen one way or another anyway , but that our king for example has no choice . 
  he has his work to do , he has to go to all these formal events , he has to act a specific way . 
  his life will be covered in detail , lies will be spun from the slightest detail . 
  though the options of leaving it non-hereditary and still a monarchy , such as an elective monarchy , would leave it wide open to people to gun for the position for all the wrong reasons . 
  i would hate that too . 
  at least now i know years in advance who will take over the throne , and i can get to `` know '' who that person is well . 
  when it comes to government systems i do n't think there 's a perfect solution . 
  one way or another all i can say is that i 'm happy with how it is done here . 
  one of the aspects i like of it is that it is , at least in theory , a head of state that is politically neutral . 
  i do n't like our current prime minister at all , but i can always get behind the king . 
  whatever an election says , it does n't determine everything . 
  i 'd personally hate for the head of state to be determined and defined by political parties and politics . 
  plus our king is just too adorable to dislike . 
  that is so good . 
  have n't managed to find it in years . 
  used to be , when i was younger , that at markets and such gatherings there would be one place selling l\u00e1ngos . 
  i almost should travel to hungary simply to have some again . 
  the syrian civil war is becoming the new spanish civil war . 
  everyone can come and try their toys/tactics/crew . 
  with that logic then neither is denmark , because the vast majority of the territory of denmark consists of greenland , which is north america . 
  russia originated in europe , the vast majority of people live in european russia and the capital is in the european part . 
  like it or not , russia is part of europe . 
  mainland europe ? 
  you could always take the train to copenhagen and switch from there to some german-bound train , i 'm sure there 's some . 
  at this point i would prefer if sweden on the internet were to become like denmark : forgotten , ignored and irrelevant . 
  when i grew up i learned that it was named salzburg because that 's where all the salt for mcdonald 's fries was mined . 
  buses cost way too much . 
  for me it 's 2.5 $ for a 6 minute bus drive . 
  needless to say , i just walk 95 % of the time to work and back . 
  not nearly as fun in the rain or snow though . 
  there 's only one upside for me with the entire brexit thing . 
  greenmangaming used to sell in $ to us in sweden but changed a long time ago to # for whatever reason . 
  of course the exchange rate and prices were not nearly as favorable . 
  now however purchasing on gmg suddenly has become more attractive due to the weakened pound . 
  keep it up britain !, 
  new kalmar sounds like the colony that should 've been . 
  or at least some town in us should 've called itself that . 
  fits right in . 
   of course if you study sweden you could consider throwing up care to expand ? 
  yeah , every dutch person i 've spoken to had a close to perfect accent . 
  my sample size is quite small but the ones from groningen/leeuwarden spoke with a british accent , whilst the rest more with an american accent . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but on tuesday it says ` t\u00fdr ' yet the anglo-saxon equivalent is ` t\u00edw ' . 
  for thursday it says ` thor ' yet the anglo-saxon equivalent is ` thunor ' . 
  for friday it says ` frigg ' but the anglo-saxon equivalent is ` frige ' . 
  thus we can conclude that it 's a mix . 
  yes please !, 
  kalmar needs more jobs !, 
  gli inglesi definitely makes a lot more sense than le persone inglesi . 
  thank you for the explanation , 
  ah yes , that was what i was going for . 
  thank you for the explanation . 
  i do n't really know why `` gli inglesi '' did n't pop up for me as an alternative , but you live and learn , 
  asking as someone trying to learn italian on the side , what would be the proper way of phrasing that question ? 
  because with my limited knowledge i think i would go for `` perch\u00e9 sono le persone inglesi ... '' or something similar . 
  where in sweden were you ? 
  not going to say you 're wrong , just curious . 
  also no swede would do as that russian . 
  or well , one or two might out of a thousand , but personally i could never bring myself to do something like that . 
  i would feel disrespecting and intruding , regardless really of if the recipient would perceive it as nice or not . 
  our alcohol laws are fine , but our drug laws are quite behind the times . 
  might as well have systembolaget sell cannabis while we 're at it . 
  i think you underestimate the value of being able to speak a language in a place and know that no one will understand you , yet you understand everyone . 
  it 's like a hidden layer of privacy . 
  the finns may speak an incomprehensible language , but they are our brothers and sisters . 
  finland may not technically be a scandinavian country , but it might as well be . 
  or 17 more women and 17 fewer men for the same amount of murders and same equality !, 
  i know you romantic speakers love articles , but i think brexit sounds better without an article . 
   bulgaria is only 7 million people seriously ? 
  holy shit . 
  i do n't know what rock i 've been living under but i thought bulgaria had at least 15 million . 
  i at most think that erdogan could have been aware that the coup was ongoing and as such able to influence it . 
  by influence it i mean things like having one of his military pawns encourage the coup , promising far more support than they would get etc. 
  as such manipulate an existing plot to erupt in a clearly manageable manner in order to then justify actions he longs to take . 
  it seems the most logical conspiracy theory . 
  that he and his goons would be the ones orchestrating it from the start i too see highly unlikely . 
  i think the cause and participants of the coup were genuine . 
   yes most from k.u.k nations i feel obligated to say that `` kuk '' means dick in swedish . 
  basically what i 'm trying to say is that kaiserlich und k\u00f6niglich has caused a lot of childish laughter . 
  everything between k.u.k army and k.u.k nations , so much childish fun to be had . 
  i can never take that seriously . 
  the kuk army in eu4 is always hilarious to see . 
  that sounds more promising . 
  my girlfriend lives in padova and she has some 10gb per month limit to her internet . 
  not that i know a lot of japanese history , but there 's only 79 years between the meiji restoration and the adoption of the current constitution of japan . 
  thus not really centuries of fucking up the neighborhood . 
  i 'm not an italian , but i asked my girlfriend , who is italian , about sardinia . 
  it 's apparently a rather strange place . 
  she 's from the north though . 
  due to the contrasts in italy i think there 'll always be someone who disagrees with assessments of the country . 
  i 've only been to firenze , venezia , padova and ferrara so my view of italy is limited to mainly veneto .
