  they can direct issues to them to consider end of the day it 's an elected officials decision whether it becomes law and you vote them in as said earlier i prefer experts crafting solutions than politicians using populism to craft them, 
  just like in the eu then civil servants go off and draft then comes back to elected officials to vote just like the eu difference is the eu has expert panels to recommend policy too oh wait they do that in uk too, 
  so it 's not the system it 's just back to i do n't trust foreigners fair enough, 
  except for the north going into civil war again ... yeah all fine ... ffs, 
  but it makes no sense ... that 's how the uk system works too his reason to leave is because policies and laws are created like in the uk ... !, 
  we did it was called the eu . 
  the uk gave it the two fingers and left . 
  by ** your countries actions ** we are back here and in my countries case getting closer to the ira and uvf again . 
  you remember that right the uvf was the guys your government gave info to so they could kill irish targets, 
  just like you vote in and out the judges who rule on the laws you live by ? 
  also they do n't the expert panels draft the policies etc then the people you can vote in and out vote to accept them or not . 
  why do you want to politicise the whole thing when it will simply lead to terrible policies i do n't understand your point . 
  your government does the exact same thing . 
  you ca n't vote out the civil service but they are the ones that construct laws and policies and then give it to the politicians to amend to suit the political wants of the people ... 
  so you want to leave the eu because they create policy and laws exactly like every other country does ... . again you have to explain that to me . 
  why are you ok with your government working like this but not the eu ? 
  still yet to see anything that improves the uk out of this . 
  if you know of anything that will be better after brexit let me know edit : nothing but downvotes lol yep, 
  so you think policies for all eu countries should be political not expert driven ? 
  which means you want the views and wishes of the biggest countries , regardless of expert opinion , enforced . 
  so what your saying is you 'd prefer to have a politician with a degree in business or law construct policies on climate change instead of an expert with an applicable degree in climate change as well as the huge delays to word the policy politically i completely disagree that would be disatorous . 
  any other reason than wanting politics instead of expertise to make critical policy construction, 
  do you even know why you left edit : asking why and pointing out why that point makes no sense gets downvotes like brexit all over facts being outweighed by inaccurate opinions, 
  there 's more people that have a vested interest in this than just the uk ... . ffs the uk knows there is a world and people outside it 's borders right ? 
  na we are fine . 
  we are getting your big companies this has been pretty good, 
  everyone wants brexit to stop but the brits are to arrogant to admit mistakes or to get off high horses, 
  democracy means you are, 
  never said it was a good joke ... 
  do you have any expertise in this field ? 
  yes , here is my job title and the areas of business relevant to the discussion . 
  you find that embarrassing ? 
  do you think telling someone what i do is bragging when asked or something ? 
  jesus dude that 's some chip on your shoulder, 
  love it xd, 
  people in business are n't grade a shit talkers ... news to me mate we are all pretty good at shit talking when we want and if you ca n't understand the above is a joke not a serious statement of fact then i can do very little but be sympathetic of your stupidity lol, 
  no , everytime boris tells them to go whistle they add a billion on so we have to wait for boris to shut his mouth before they can calculate the final figures, 
  na were teaching you a lesson bend over and take your medicine this will be fun, 
  hope you enjoy the new tarrifs on your german beer , combined with how shit your pound is going you might need to actually get a loan out to drink one in a few years none of the reasons given by the leave campaign as reasons for leaving have been proved valid . 
  all options are worse right now for the uk everything is more expensive your bonds and shares are being flushed and your currency and gdp is going the way of your countries average intelligence . . ... rock bottom rule britannia !, 
  britannia sinks beneath the waves britons never , never , never were that bright !, 
  your currency is falling faster than mays approval rating yes we are part of the eu , we have 16 trillion in gdp i know its impossibly hard for a brexiter to understand how unions work you cant react to jack shit , if you could your currency and economy wouldnt be on the down . 
  uk has just itself to worry about ... so nothings changed there then, 
  and 16 trillion . 
  emotions and 16 trillion, 
  https://brianhayesdublin.wordpress.com/2016/10/02/irelands-contribution-to-eu-budget-will-increase-post-brexit-by-an-extra-e138million-hayes/ do you need me to wipe your arse for you aswell if we became slight net contributors in 2014 and have had the best growth in the eu logic dictates we will be giving more and more, 
  we did in 2016 and will be this year too if you think the irish government is lying to the eu cool, 
  better than nothing . 
  plus unlike the uk people actually like us, 
  so you want to stay in programs youll benefit from after brexit ( you cant simply halt some of these ) but not pay for them ... hmmm you realise some of these projects are like halfway through and article 50 is binding and you signed it , so yes you are legally obliged by your own acceptance of the terms to pay off these programs sorry to dissapoint you but [ we are net contributers now ] ( https://www.businessworld.ie/economy/ireland-contributes-more-money-than-it-gets-to-eu-for-first-time-564636.html ), 
  yep definitely is but we have the backing of the eu , you have ... borris . . ?? 
  good luck, 
  hey trump remember what merkel said you deal with the whole eu not just single nations so more like eu 16 trillion uk 2.7 trillion if there was a trade war the uk would cease to function, 
  weve waited for a thousand years , you dont expect us to let this go by without getting some of our own back do you ? 
  yes you dont owe the pensions of all your ex eu officials we should pay for that should we ? 
  you dont owe for all the projects you are jointly currently in a benefiting from we should pay for that too should we ? 
  you dont owe obligations to institutions you agreed to years ago ? 
  we cover them too ireland is a net contributor to the eu any other false statements you want to come out with ? 
  yes im sorry my quick typing on a touch keyboard on a phone doesnt meet your harvard standards fuck off with your bs, 
  come back in a year, 
  nhs funding control of immigration better trade deals all flipflopped on, 
  yea because the lies about the eu , banana cough banana , started just at the brexit referendum . 
  most brexit voters had perceptions of what was wrong based on the uk governments constant blaming of the eu for all its fuck ups well now they are in the exact same position except with a tory government looking to dismantle rights and laws to protect people and with a higher cost of everything, 
  i mean in farages case i guess it would have been beneficial, 
  dude they flip floped back and forward for like two years every promise farage made about the brexit he admitted was lies literally the day after if you want to keep going around believing farage and ukip just by the last thing they said good luck to you mate hahaha, 
  https://youtu.be/0xgt3qmrszy fucking lol mate you do n't even realise how many flips were made xd ca n't really take anything you say seriously now mate if you ca n't even get basic facts straight and put them in the proper overall context of what happened, 
  i mean that makes 0 sense , the leave campaign specifically said they wanted to remain in the single market just minus the free movement part ... . you think its better if you pay more for imports and it costs you more to export and your financial services sector ie your countries gdp will have to move to other countries just to function ... . 
  wtf !, 
  one year `` i told you so ! '', 
  cool back to the line for an irish passport with you . 
  ill see you in the breadline in town in a year dont invest in uk bonds or financial shares pro tip , put money into the services sector  could make you a few bob will we meet back here in a year for the i told you so ? 
  predicted brexit . 
  predicted the eu and tory reaction ( though to be fair the eu one was pretty obvious ) predicted which sectors are most likely to leave and when and what affect that would have on the economy moving towards the cut off date ( the drop in the pound , which was very beneficial for business as we predicted it early and so were hit bad with the fall ) the share price falls the slow down in services and retail sector which directly affect us re housing cost of stock etc so getting ahead of that ment we could at least not eat excess overstock costs plus the whole interest rate cut the bank of england had to do to kerb a potential fall if not freefall in confidence after the result of the vote were known . 
  but to be fair they are all tied into the same prediction as it were they all stem from the same logic predicted the result of the general election ( though admittedly i thought it would be hung parliament i did not see her going in with the dup that was just batshit ) and to be honest thats sort of pied the predictions going forward a bit because its such a potentially unstable element in the mix few other market factors re costing and pricing and competition issues around border areas aswell the big ones are still to come though , i had put money on a hard to medium brexit but the dup have added an interesting element to equation so im leaning now more medium if not ( fingers crossed ) soft and if you evolve out those trends long term you get to my 5 year prediction in my other post , you can probably see the logic train if you get me, 
   if you actually think dublin could manage all of the uk 's financial services ,  i do n't see where i said all ... ,  then how is it in any ways positive if it wo n't end up with more jobs for irish workers - not expats moving in ? 
  what the actual fuck are you trying to say , i honestly can not make out all these jumps you make how is that last part related to the quote ? 
  and what are you actually trying to say ?? 
   you realise you 're talking to someone who voted leave and stands by it yes ? 
  yea i realise im am talking to an idiot , thats why ive tried to use small words and short sentences, 
  what ? 
  i do n't see where i said all ... maybe if people like you put the preconceptions down and read what was being said situations like brexit mighten happen lol, 
  you see where i said 5 years ... also if you think what 's happening in london re saudi money buying up property and land is a good thing for your economy i ... . sure polls change very quickly especially when austerity hits we shall see as i said it 's just opinions right now as that 's all it can be if you wish to disagree disagree but my opinions wo n't change on it . 
  especially given how bang on i 've been so far , from trump to brexit etc so i 'll keep backing this line of opinion till the financial vectors change and as such investment avenues, 
  european beurocracy was never accused of being fast https://www.businessworld.ie/economy/ireland-contributes-more-money-than-it-gets-to-eu-for-first-time-564636.html, 
  yes we are talking about ireland but if you do n't know how much gdp that sector us generating how can you possibly say whether it will offset it or not ? 
  like do you not understand that basic concept and therefore why talking about uk gdp in this context is relevant and if you do n't realise that these companies are worth more than just jobs to countries then you must no nothing about this sector . 
  i 'm not deflecting at all i answered it 's not my fault you did n't understand the answer imo yes by the end of brexit if the uk keeps going the path it is going the proliferation of the uk financial services sector could offset the negative affects of loss of revenue from increased tariffs but it 's so much more complicated than yes or no . 
  it depends on how bad the pound drops aswell it depends on which companies come over it depends on whether may continues this hard line if she does n't and a deal is reached where access is given to the open market then the amount that would leave might not cover the loss in revenue equally if the eu completes certain trade deals before the end of brexit they too might offset the issue or exasperate it . 
  it 's very dependent also on the situation up the north . 
  if that kicks off the economic affect to both ireland and the uk would be terrible all things being equal and we continue exactly as we are then yes it could compensate but again depends on how badly exports are affected, 
  well see watch this space . . my prediction so far have been pretty bang on when it came to who would leave , currency affect and repurcussions for uk demands imo if the uk keep up these stupid demands the eu will go hard on the financial services sector . 
  the uk will lose the only sector showing long term growth and stability . 
  government resources dry up as austerity kicks in . 
  trade deals will come but all will be less than the deals they had access to as part of the bloc . 
  the uk will attempt to eu tax haven which will mean in increase in the already crazy amount of foreign money being used to purchase uk assets and the uk industry will turn heavily towards a service based industry the scottish will leave the union and rejoin the eu and hopefully so will the north of ireland . 
  wales will be hit the worst and turn into a tourist economy that 's my 5 year prediction for this path . 
  will it hurt others like the irish yes . 
  but our economy is rapidly moving away from agricultural based exports and into high tech production and services which will only grow as the only english speaking nation left in the eu and imo i see a more federalised style union forming which we will need to take on the monster that is slumbering currently in the east the next 5 years could see a massive shift from west to east and to be facing that as a lonely island on the outside is imo a far worse place to be than even the worst case scenario brexit for ireland, 
  it 's not just jobs dude it 's the transactions from the companies it 's the taxes like do you understand how much of the uks gdp is generated from the companies in londons financial services sector ? 
  it 's bad for us it 's death for the uk economy o do n't understand why you ca n't see that i 'm well aware of how trade works you are also wrong about restrictions you need to read up it 's the uks refusal to meet requirements to enter said markets they are restricting themselves with their demands that 's the whole point the eu requirements were the same before brexit was announced the uk were told all this before they voted,
