i did n't you idiot i said in any way likely that 's another way of saying improbable . 
  are you honestly that stupid or are you getting that desperate ?? 
  the burden is on you because you are making the impossible claim that something impossible can happen . 
  if i was claiming something that every news paper , economist , educated person , geo politicist , book or written statement said the opposite of the proof would be on me . 
  if you are claiming there is any possible chance of the uk getting a free trade deal with the eu while leaving single market and customs union . . all i 'm asking for is one citation agreeing with your position ... . just one well all keep waiting here 's my citation and i can keep copy and pasting them all day long https://www.google.ie/amp/www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/eu-chief-negotiator-michel-barnier-uk-single-market-trade-brexit-european-union-theresa-may-borders-a7826506.html%3famp i do hope you know who barnier is edit - fuck it i keep doing it till you reply i 'm that bored maybe i can give you an education https://www.google.ie/amp/s/amp.theguardian.com/politics/2017/jul/06/frictionless-trade-impossible-if-uk-leaves-eu-single-market-says-barnier http://www.eureferendum.com/blogview.aspx?blogno=86427 https://www.google.ie/amp/www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/eu-parliament-uk-no-free-trade-deal-two-years-brexit-talks-philip-hammond-optimism-theresa-may-city-a7655686.html%3famp fuck it even put in a quora lol https://www.quora.com/why-can\u2019t-the-uk-get-a-similar-free-trade-deal-with-the-eu-like-norway-why-does-the-eu-threaten-the-uk-if-they-leave-eu-they-would-lose-the-deal, 
  i did n't you idiot i said in any way likely that 's another way of saying improbable . 
  are you honestly that stupid or are you getting that desperate ?? 
  the burden is on you because you are making the impossible claim that something impossible can happen . 
  if i was claiming something that every news paper , economist , educated person , geo politicist , book or written statement said the opposite of the proof would be on me . 
  if you are claiming there is any possible chance of the uk getting a free trade deal with the eu all i 'm asking for is one citation agreeing with your position ... . just one well all keep waiting, 
  you are the most blissfully ignorant idiot on this i 've ever seen . 
  it 's actually sort of impressive quote the contradictions just one ... you ca n't just like even for a grand you ca n't quote or cite one source that will say what your saying is in anyway likely , or to save your a paragraph improbable . 
  it is impossible . 
  not improbable not anything else , impossible . 
  arguing over the definition of a word does n't change a geo political situation . 
  you are just shouting louder and louder about how stupid you are . 
  one citation is all it 'll take but you 'll just go back to the dictionary i guess . 
  eu27 giving a free trade deal is impossible if you know anything about eu politics , eu agenda , the affect a free trade deal with uk would have on the union and all other trade deals its on and if you expect the eu27 u-turn on the fundamental foundation of the single market that they would n't budge on before which caused brexit , if you knew anything about any of those topics stating that the uk getting a free trade deal is inprobable but not impossible is beyond stupid . 
  if you cant comprehend the world we live in mate how can anyone talk to you . 
  go find me any educated source that states a free trade agreement with no free movement and no customs or single market access between the eu and uk is remotely on the table . 
  do it and i 'll wire you a thousand quid, 
  ahhhhh here the penny finally drops for him and he did some wikipedia searching of terms and now three comments in clarifies that what he actually ment when he claimed i said the uk will be as poor as russia is in terms of disposable income ... 
  your just showing your ignorance even more dude ... and the funny thing is you are still wrong let 's do some basic math to show how stupid what you said is , sorry ca n't do pictures for you . 
  russia man gets 1000 a month has a disposable of 700 after whatever , he 's poor russia is poor we know this uk man gets 4k a month has a disposable of 700 after taxes bills mortages etc he 's not poor and neither is his country disposables falling after brexit does not make someone from the uk as poor as the comparable in russia the point that costs to uk households going through the roof affecting disposable income do not equate to them becoming as poor as russia now please you 've had your few comments to show everyone how you do n't know shit about this or are educated on it time to sit down and let the adults talk ... ok ? 
  leaving the custom and single market is uk government policy stop being an idiot it is impossible for the uk to get a free trade deal it would make the eu and the union pointless . 
  eu27 have already stated the uk will have to be worse off out of the union than in it . 
  if they get a better deal outside then either the eu will crumble or an eu country will veto the deal completely no my facts are facts your inability to understand the context of these talks or the geopolitical state the eu is in to even suggest what your suggesting . 
  all your doing is screaming i do n't understand how the eu works or it 's politics actually i 'm an executive in a european multinational my degrees are in international markets economics and general business . 
  my family are actually quite tied in to eu politics had a grandad who was quite involved let 's say and i took a course in college on the eu structures dude for anyone educated on the matter what you just said and the counters to the logical facts of uk policy makes you look like a complete idiot, 
  7 months . 
  `` drop in disposable equates to drop country becoming russia '', 
  brexiteer and brexiter are different things ... you do n't have to even be from the uk to be a brexiteer , trump is a brexiteer look you want to double down on the claim that me saying disposable income after brexit could fall to eastern european levels as the same as the uk will be as poor as russia ... then this is over could n't be arsed going in circles with another idiot no fully qualified in business economics and international markets . 
  currently an executive in a european multinational dealing with this stuff first hand ... my colleagues are equally qualified . 
  it 's very simple dude . 
  do like the others do a remind me for a few months then come back and apologise when your opinion is proved wanting as the predictive logical facts have their way, 
  based off exactly what the uk said they want to do . 
  if you guys do n't want to leave the single market , customs union or free travel area then no all those things will factually change but then you 'll 180 on brexit ... 
  so yes if you do n't factually leave the eu they wo n't happen if you do those things will factually happen . 
  the negotiations are to determine if may wants a recession or not to get all she said she 'd get from brexit, 
  i called you a brexiteer not a brexiter keep up words and their meaning are important , it seems a basic problem for you as we go down this list ... . 
  speaking of ... . 
  disposable income does not mean as poor as russia you are too dumb to continue talking with mate if you ca n't get that basic concept this chart does n't show wealth does n't show poor or rich it shows disposable income . 
  yes it 's a good gauge of which countries are poor and rich but saying the uks disposable income could drop to eastern european levels does not mean there is a claim that the uk will become as poor as easter europe pound has been stable for a year ... experts know ... holy dumb fuck batman you are bullshitting hard now https://www.google.ie/amp/www.independent.co.uk/news/business/news/pound-sterling-what-happens-brexit-article-50-trigger-theresa-may-uk-leave-eu-european-union-a7655171.html%3famp i am one of those experts and no it has n't been stable , yes they know your leaving hence why your valuation to the euro is at the all time low level that , it 'll drop further after brexit factually as it has less access custom and tarriff free from it 's biggest market meaning , as i predicted months ago and were still on track , the pound will probably go below and stay below the euro after brexit . 
  i mean it probably wil go into the orange dude and i take my and my colleagues educated opinion on it to someone who thinks what i said means you 'll be as poor as russia ... . . or is stupid enough to not even realise how backwards and retarded that statement is in the context lol if you want to make a bet and come back in a year when disposable income plummits i 'm easily game . 
  though i feel youll need the money haha, 
  ah another dumb brexiters that does n't understand economics where did i say as poor as russia dumb fuck ? 
  this is a chart showing disposable income . 
  the uk population will factually have alot less disposable income after brexit as the cost of goods will factually increase with factual tarriffs , factual inflation which is already going well will factually add to this and the neverending fall of the pound will continue meaning that factually they will have less disposable income . 
  you do n't have to be as poor as russia or have a recession to see disposable income plummit dumb fuck but more than likely come brexit day the uk will probably see a recession on top of it all once they leave the eu . 
  based on the i told you so predictions of economists and me who has yet to be wrong on my brexit outcome predictions go check my history so dumb fuck you 'll be orange alright and the dup can teach you how to march real well ... down to the social welfare office lol, 
  the uk is going to go orange so quick the dup are going to be fucking delighted, 
  god it 's going to be the gravy train of i told you so 's all the way in to brexit . 
  the amount of money smart companies with good economic predictions will make on the back of english arrogance will be something to behold, 
  it 's just bizarre tbh i can understand leaks from one side to ya know pressure a point they want sorted or to gain public support a leak like that from the uk side just screams infighting or someone agreed spmething but got overruled up the chain maybe or as you said bad sources/made up story crazy thing is all are just as likely, 
  oh this is classic is this more infighting within the brexit team ? 
  one hand not knowing what the other is doing . 
  i know the uk and the us got closer during the last few years copying what their administration did . 
  but they did n't have to copy how trump 's cabinet works ... 
  well art was no longer really art after the renaissance . 
  humans had achieved all they could in art . 
  you cant get more realistic than david or more intriguing than mona lisa so now all art is about being provocative or dark or deep . 
  hipsters and depressents have taken over modern art . 
  the way i look at it if i did n't take the hipster goth kid seriously in school why would i take them seriously now ? 
  well let 's be honest were alot more inbred than most races . 
  we literally had inbreeding as part of most european empire and statistically yea as races continue to mix aswell as global temperatures going up the classic pale white european will naturally become less and less, 
  yes the illegal immigrant ships are really causing a problem clogging up the suez canal ... . what world do you live in, 
  ah the old tmnt tory mutant narcissistic twats, 
  ca n't get much more toxic to the eu than having mays government off their coast if anything a barrel of nuclear waste might be a welcome replacement to boris and davis in the eyes of some eu ministers, 
  it 's magnetic track based it can do more than move sideways dude and has built in traffic regulation and distribution, 
  well with an idea like this you can have both that 's what so cool about the technology and if used for the purpose of mass transit numbers would be relative, 
  step into your lift on the 5th floor of your apartment block then step out downtown on the 25th floor of your work building i could imagine what it could do for a place like new york, 
  such a cool idea we have the chinese making teleporters , the germans building turbo lifts and we have the americans building warp drives soon enterprise soon, 
  him and his zionist land grabbers can go shove a bratwurst up their arse and jog on, 
  https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2017/may/16/theresa-mays-claim-to-be-the-champion-of-workers-rings-hollow yep give it time for people to learn what the eu actually did for them, 
  if you see two systems identical in everyway except for the fact that politicians must recommend matters to be looked at by committee instead of putting forward the legislation themselves as completly uncomparable then that 's up to you the essence and outcome is the same civil servant experts craft policy wording politicians debate the merits and vote to enact or send back to committee you want to say they are vastly different more power to you, 
  jesus the ignorance they do n't care what the tartif rate is they care the border is there in the first place  most of which are no longer an issue i ca n't facepalm hard enough, 
  i do n't see how you see experts creating policy suggestions which is then discussed and voted on by elected officials as not democratic . 
  imo it 's the most democratic wat of doing it . 
  in my country governments put forward laws that are populist to get elected rather than governing for the public good . 
  sometimes what 's needed is not popular this method means scienctists propose policies on science matters rather than some politician pushing a teach creationism in schools bill lastly look what the tories plan your your rights important laws and rights like this are also protected in the eu system so again i got to ask name a more democratic way of doing things ? 
  a border ya know the thing they 've always fought about, 
  hey prefer these conversations then agreeing on the same thing in an echo chamber . 
  just cause i do n't fully get why you feel the way you do just means i want to ask more questions to find out . 
  i respect the bravery of your decision if not the methodology behind it and i do hope the tories back off to a soft brexit and do n't totally fuck you . 
  good luck mate thanks for the chat, 
  because the eu is too big to allow populism to tie up an already slow beurocracy . 
  as stated elected officials can ask for a matter to go to panel but it 's creation is in the hands of experts would you prefer all eu time is spent with members grandstanding populist policies to show their voters `` look i 'm doing what i said vote for me '' but it goes nowhere in expert panels or have them spend time debating expert driven policies and there benefits or downsides which do you want the eu to do ? 
  first time i 've heard civil servants called elite also the reasons given for leave and mays brexit wants do n't march the switz style . 
  if brexit was about simply moving to a switz style cool . 
  problem is it 's not and that 's my underlying problem with it , this brexit path has no benefit for the uk so imo you ca n't quote that as a brexit outcome as it 's not realistic look fair enough if you look at your country and economy and feel like you could do better on your own that 's your opinion i completely disagree and expect a serious fall for the uk based on markets , economy structures and gdp streams, 
  because the eu is too big to allow populism to tie up an already slow beurocracy . 
  as stated elected officials can ask for a matter to go to panel but it 's creation is in the hands of experts would you prefer all eu time is spent with members grandstanding populist policies to show their voters `` look i 'm doing what i said vote for me '' but it goes nowhere in expert panels or have them spend time debating expert driven policies and there benefits or downsides which do you want the eu to do ? 
  explaining a false perception over and over does n't make it correct finally to the real reason . 
  cool i can accept and respect your opinion on that but i disagree logically the world is being split into 3 america 's europe and asia three powerhouse markets imo the only way eu countries can compete against those blocs is through unity will it fit everyone in the eu exactly , democracy never does but overall it 's better for all . 
  rising tide lifts all boats . 
  right but they are n't in your government either ... like that 's the point expert panels etc are n't accountable to anyone but the facts that 's the point the minute their job is on the line if they suggest something that though is badly needed is not popular they could lose their job they mighten do it that 's why no one has accountable expert panels for policy generation you ca n't fire uk civil servants through the ballet box just like you ca n't fire eu ones and just like in the uk it comes to elected officials to make the final call it 's the exact same are you planning on stopping all civil servants and expert panels doing any work in the uk government too ? 
  if yes fair enough you have your principles on the topic i can respect that but if you think the way the uk does it is fine then your just being hypocritical, 
  it 's the same system as the uk just bigger same as most democracy is the real issue that you do n't trust europeans to have your best interest at heart ? 
  you think they 'll do what 's best for the eu and not the uk ? 
  you have no problem with civil experts constructing the policies you have no problem with elected officials deciding if those policies make it to law your problem as far as i can gather is you want them to be british experts in britain constructing them for the whole eu the boris approach to europe having the cake and eating it ?
