i have what must be a british compulsion to moan about our weather - was instantly typing a reply about how rubbish it is here . 
  but now that i 've thought about it , i have to grudgingly concede that actually autumn has been really mild so far - i do n't think we 've even had any frost yet . 
  quite a few trees still have their leaves too . 
  dear god man , pull yourself together . 
  went to a talk a coffee supply company boss was giving at a food festival , and he said that as a general rule , the better the coffee the less caffeine there is - less than tea . 
  also coffee from somewhere in central america ( honduras i think ) was particularly low in caffeine . 
  i dunno , i 've taken the ferry from tallinn to helsinki . 
  there was nowhere to sit , and finns were making benches out of their stacks of vodka crates !, 
  it 's at this point in civilisation v that a gong sounds and a new golden age is announced . 
  what 's funny is that after two weeks of spanish sunshine , i was absolutely over the moon when i came back to green vegetation . 
  admittedly it then rained for the whole week , but i realise that the rolling green fields of northern europe are actually very important to me in the same way as sunshine for southern europeans . 
  my girlfriend 's flatmate is going out with an italian , who 's living in rome but originally from naples . 
  we 're pretty sure she 'll be the one moving to italy and not the other way around - he came to wales for 5 days to see what it 's like , and it absolutely pished with rain the entire time he was here :(, 
  given i 'm young enough to have missed thatcher , i 'd have to go with blair . 
  the villainous dog . 
  i think - and i might well be wrong - that ` use ' counts simply the removal of a taser from the holster , not necessarily discharging the weapon . 
  still , i agree that it 's a trend that does need to be addressed and that the police carrying tasers do n't get blase and forget that they 're ` less than lethal ' rather than ` non lethal ' weapons . 
  that 's pretty much what it was like - some sort of plasticised foil , heat sealed to the plastic cup . 
  too difficult to poke a straw through , and too well sealed to pull apart at the edges . 
  apparently gluten-free and free from gluten are two different things . 
  halal food needs to be provided too , though that 's mostly a south wales thing . 
  you also have to add in texture modified foods for people who ca n't swallow properly , and stuff for people with rare things like pku . 
  this is why hospital catering is difficult and expensive - while the vast majority of people have normal dietary requirements , but hospitals are where you 'll find a lot of the less normal things . 
  something i can actually comment on !, 
  so i work in an office procuring food for nhs wales . 
  there 's currently a big shift underway to standardise menus across the country , led by a dietitian who 's on a bit of a crusade ... basically , shitty food keeps people - especially old people , of which we have many - in hospital longer than necessary , or sees them return with complications more often . 
  when you 're recovering , your body needs all sorts of stuff !, 
  so everything has to be : a ) actually nourishing ( not previously as much a priority as it should have been ! ), 
  b ) tasty . 
  obvious , but if it 's shit it does n't get eaten and therefore pointless c ) decently sourced - high pork % sausages etc , and not from desperately unhappy livestock . 
  had an amusing meeting the other day , after a health board complained about the orange juice cups they 'd been getting . 
  rather like the small plastic containers that you 'd get on a plane , only a little larger . 
  the supplier had changed the way they sealed the top to something impenetrable by the supplied straw , and the pull tab on the corner was * really * hard to open - so impossible for someone old/injured . 
  a whole room full of grown adults scrabbling with small plastic orange juice cartons really was a sight . 
  anyway , point is the nhs really does care about this stuff , and is doing its best !, 
  i think england has two then - i had a trip up north and there was something similar ( admittedly less impressive but it was * old * ) . 
  on the northumbrian coast if i remember correctly . 
  that sort of thing got us into trouble a while ago !, 
  unfortunately i do n't think we can do away with defence spending altogether . 
  it would be a * lot * cheaper however if there were a european defence force than each member having its own military . 
  putting that into practice though ... 
  the six nations rugby tournament works perfectly well , although the republic of ireland and northern ireland play as one team . 
  in fairness , it 's hard to defend the british rule in ireland . 
  despite being welsh , i sound english and often got it in the neck . 
  although i lived in belfast for three years , and with the more recent history it 's not perhaps surprising . 
  i think the cost ends up back with the nhs though if they 're doing that with an ehic . 
  it 's not a trebuchet . 
  the key part of it is having a sling to whip the payload forward . 
  there is n't one here , just a helmet on the end of the arm . 
  building a catapult is a pretty major escalation all the same though : /, 
  ... are those statues of lenin ? 
  i 'd assumed that they were for the unknown soldiers who fought nazism on the eastern front during wwii . 
  i think he 's still up inside the grounds of the russian embassy though . 
  i wonder how much of this is in the south east . 
  the cost of living is a hell of a lot higher there than elsewhere ( i live in cardiff , and went to uni in belfast , which is really cheap ) . 
  no , this is exactly the point being made . 
  tienanmen square involved tanks . 
  lots of machine guns , and maybe even canister shells ( think loading main cannon with a giant shotgun cartridge . ), 
  op has posted photos of an artillery regiment . 
  probably no machine guns on the spgs , and i do n't even know if you keep shells in those things - they 're huge , so only a couple would fit inside tops . 
  they 're accompanied by armoured transports carrying shells ( possibly the bmps in the photos , though those do n't have loading arms ) and if you did fire one , you 'd level whatever they hit , or make a very large hole and tear up infrastructure like phones and gas etc. 
  that 's what you get if you think you might have been infected . 
  the vaccine - a series of 3 jabs in your arm - only gives you more time to get the horrible emergency jab . 
  if ever in doubt about rabies ... freak the fuck out and go to a doc/hospital . 
  not too many more miserable ways of going . 
  cardiff is bloody awesome these days , you 'd be missing out . 
  [ ` nuff said ] ( http://www.cambridge-sheep.org.uk/images/sheephome.jpg ), 
  i 've literally just got home after going with my dad to test drive a mistubishi phev ... goddamn . 
  they 're definitely the future . 
  absolutely awesome - quiet even with the engine on , decent acceleration , normal commuting for him would be done using just the battery . 
  er , those murals are almost all still there . 
  also lots of flags and/or coloured pavement stones to let you know you 're in a certain area . 
  actually , i lived in belfast and quite liked it apart from the sectarian dimension , and derry is really nice . 
  loads of countryside everywhere and it 's lovely . 
  it 's definitely a choice between bad or worse , without knowing which is which . 
  that 's what they 've said , yes . 
  but is there any evidence of action ? 
  they 've had long enough to have at least made a start, 
  clearly a no right now . 
  so if austerity is repealed , where is the money going to come from to pay for the old social security policies ? 
  even if greece stays within the euro , would there be any more lending when it 's clearly not going to be repaid ? 
  outside of the euro , a new drachma will be doing well to be better than worthless . 
  and i do n't understand why so many think that things can go back to the old spend , spend , spend without the taxes to sustain them . 
  some burden of responsibility ought to be on the shoulders of the eu though . 
  businesses have to ( or at least ought to ) do pretty thorough due diligence to make sure they 're not entering a fool 's bargain , and it seems to me that the leadership of the eu failed in this regard . 
  the greeks i talked to on crete were pretty open about rife tax avoidance when i asked them why all houses still looked as if they needed an extra floor built on top with exposed concrete rebar etc. 
  it should n't have been all that hard for an economic policy advisory team to discover that perhaps the numbers greece was giving them might not be close to the truth . 
  it 's definitely from the left - that 's all engine deck behind the fuel tanks . 
  the second photo shows the front glacis plates behind which the driver sits . 
  tanks stop * really * quickly should the driver slam on the brakes - lots of youtube vids showing this - but a vehicle travelling in convoy probably ca n't do that lest another 60t tank smash into it from behind . 
  rear turreted tanks were experimented with for a while , but none were carried forward . 
  edit : oh , that 's not brake marks in the second photo - that 's some sort of powder that firemen or road repair crews put over oil spills to absorb as much of it as possible . 
  the engine in the yaris has been crushed so it 's not surprising it 's bled all over the road . 
  but you see , that 's the problem . 
  the tank came from the left !, 
  ( the turret is reversed when travelling longer distances so that the barrel can be locked down and takes up the minimum amount of space so it does n't whack passing objects . ), 
  this is a sort of badge of honour really , but nick clegg ? 
  the most useless politician to darken the doorstep of westminster ? 
  putin has serious problems if clegg is an issue for him . 
  it does , actually : / i went to uni in belfast 2009 - 2012 , plenty of bombs around even now .
