  if we would go back to vistula and set our defenses on it , then we would have quite capability to do so . 
  you dont need ukraine in eu to veto russia . 
  poland is enough . 
  it ` s literally non existent . 
  for celebs , politicians and other popular people , i dont remember any . 
  but they happen sometimes , usually when there is violence connected . 
  but how is calling for less immigration of specific ethnicity a hate crime ? 
  those people dont follow dutch customs or culture , and they hardly integrate . 
  you can easily see a problem here . 
  nope . 
  we are very light on political corectens . 
  unless you beat someone from minority , its rare to see people being trialed for wrongdoings against them . 
  that part is rarely used in our country . 
  there was case when kaczy\u0144ski said that immigrants from 3rd countries are bringing disases , worms etc. 
  and while in we it was seen as very bad thing , in here it wasnt much a thing . 
  i believe every county has right to decide who it takes and who it doesnt . 
  if uk , germany or people in another countries believe it shouldnt take poles , or any other nationality/ethnicity it has right . 
  different thing is if that country has an agreement like countries in eu for open borders and it is obligated to meet that agreement . 
  i do , even more i plan to be one . 
  there are always some patological situations in every place , doesnt mean that the place overally is bad . 
  not at all . 
  i dont even see whats wrong with this question . 
  how are we fundamentalist ? 
  aye , were quite conservative but not anywhere close to fundamentalist christianity . 
  nah , germoney is quite cool , and irish , they are good lads . 
  in poland rather negative . 
  we overally dont like muslims . 
  you have a lot of bosniaks in south too , in sand\u017eak . 
  been there . 
  its most beautiful country i ever seen . 
  mountains , sea , lack of people outside big cities . 
  people are serbians , so very nice and pleasant . 
  using euro , soon joining eu i believe . 
  split with serbia in 2003 if i remember properly . 
  tl ; dr our few hundreds years of having border . 
  so where do i start ... 
  i would say its both germans and russians . 
  we have centuries of wars in our history . 
  poles in lithuania have right to be poles , yet you have problems with guaranting minority rights to them . 
  in poland minorities have donates by goverment for their media , germans have sit in parliment . 
  and you have problem with recognizing polish as a local administration language , or with two language signs , despite poles being bigest minority in lithuania . 
  their liberal stance on guns . 
  i think every one should have right to protect himself and to own tool to do that . 
  in poland can people buy guns or are they basically not allowed ? 
  - yup , they can , after getting license , or without license black-powder replicas up to 1856 , counting revolvers in . 
  what kind of steps are required for buying a gun ? 
  : - for guns ( everything above 17j ) you need license , for black-powder you need to be over 18 years old . 
  there are 3 kinds of license : - sport - you need to start in competitions and be part of shooting organizations . 
  then you apply for license . 
  they test you knowledge about guns , check your mental health and you crime record . 
  you need to have safe for storing weapons and ammunition . 
  sadly , even after being positive the last word lays in police , and they can say that you ` re not fit for it without explanation . 
  - collection - same thing as previous , but you need to be part of collection organization rather than sport one . 
  - self-defense - same thing as previous , but this time additionaly you need to show that there is some kind of danger towards you . 
  hardest one to obtain . 
  what kind of guns can be purchased ? 
  everything up to 12,7 . 
  recently there was thing in court about ability to poses automatic weapons , and he decided that in law there is nothing about not being able to poses that , so in fact you can obtain automatic weapons too . 
  how common is knowledge of using a gun ? 
  : - in older part of society , quite good . 
  mans were obligatory to go to army , and womans together with mans had some shooting in school . 
  but recently , as mandatory army for males is not anymore , and school dont teaching anything about weapons its rather poor . 
  how is the purchase or storage of ammo controlled ? 
  : - you need to do it by yourself in shop , having your license with you . 
  then its writed how many bullets you buy , and its sended to police . 
  you are obligatory to have safe , and that its where ammo is storaged . 
  from time to time you have police controls over your guns and ammo . 
  do you think your gun laws are about right , too restrictive on purchasing and owning guns , too lenient , or about right ? 
  : - there shouldnt be last word of police - if you pass everything , license should be for you . 
  and getting license should be cheaper , getting patent etc. 
  closes in price of new glock , so that is not nice . 
  can agree , have pl on the end , mostly tryharding to be top in scoreboard . 
  listening to wardruna for years , love them . 
  you should check song named krigsgaldr , you should like it c :, 
  why does its embarassing ? 
  some people are just for cash and dont give a fuck about rest . 
  they there to work , not to integrate . 
  ireland introverted ? 
  man , go to ce or ne . 
  only in ireland people started to talk with me even when i had earphones in my ears . 
  it unthinkable in poland . 
  i never had a girlfriend and cant find one : /, 
  it doesnt , creating non existent problem . 
  switzerland , czechia , norway for years have been in schengen , yet the problem didnt rise . 
  europe doesnt have any problem with gun violence . 
  and whats funny the countries with more liberal laws for guns have less problem with any crimes done with them than those with more strict . 
  you just want to ban guns because muh feling is bad , even if facts and statistics show that guns are not a problem in eu . 
  glad that my country and czechs voted against it . 
  people like him doesnt care about facts or statistic , it should be banned for him cause muh feling is bad . 
  german speaking about someone else womans :d, 
  finnish , there is aomething very appealing to me in that language . 
  [ dzie\u0144 \u015awira ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0330243/ ) , one of the best movies i ever saw . 
  shows so many problems of our lifes . 
  thing we send our shit agricultural products outside of country mostly . 
  there is big difference in quality of polish food in our country and outside . 
  why is that - i dont know . 
  in poland he ` s a hero , mentioned even in anthem . 
  for cash , and cool vids on yt/liveleak . 
  and for weapons and weapons are cool . 
  its very unlikely .
