  in aroud 700 muslims conquered most important place for christians - jerusalem . 
  you know what is umayyad caliphate , where they conquered and what they tried to conquer ? 
  crusades where answer and retaliation to muslim agression . 
  and last crusade was around 800 years ago , while you still have jihads to this day . 
  its one of main principles of islam , religion that main prophet , most important person was freaking pedophile and murderer . 
  remember why crusades started ? 
  cause before that there was shitton of jihad on christian and european soil . 
  crusades where only few , while hundreds of jihads so far . 
  actually churchill was very pro polish . 
  he gets to much shit . 
  its cool to see this initiative starting . 
  we use beryl , which is based on ak platform but in this state is in fact very far from it . 
  i like our special ortography . 
  yup , its event made by small leftist party . 
  but theyre not in parliment , and dont have any political power in here . 
  i would . 
  call the pope , retake constantinopole , deus vult !, 
  its really ugly . 
  like a school room but bigger . 
  oh , thought you mean blackpowder . 
  but yes , 17j is max . 
  for blackpowder ? 
  well , the new ustawa o broni i amunicji was accepted by sejm comission , so who knows . 
  what is it doing ? 
  right now his actions in poland are anti russian . 
  boots on the ground , hq base moved to poznan , warehouse for us equipment . 
  welp , i dont see why we should hate him . 
  til we hate eu because we dont want some doctors and engineers . 
  yay , so now baltics and finns will go to poland for alcohol stockpile :p, 
  its because military prefers to operate on systems that is known for them , and are actually secured by years of working on them . 
  moving to new system means opening to holes that werent known in previous system . 
  that is why militaries work on old systems , even backing up to windows 95/98 . 
  fortunately you are minority in our politics . 
  and so is poland . 
  we have very low crime ratio . 
  why ? 
  we are the bigger , so its the smaller that should subordinate :p, 
  shes so small compared to them . 
  i believe she could easily drag a wounded soldier in fight . 
  its not t72b3 but b1 . 
  they are not anywhere near far right . 
  the wording says it . 
  if you want to be correct then say fucking german death camps build in poland . 
  its not our fault that your grandpa together with his friends wanted a little genocide . 
  its quite oposite . 
  nord stream backs before there was migrant crisis . 
  why we wouldnt be ? 
  during trump us is moving division hq to poland , we got troops on the ground in poland , and they play to build a base for equipment in here . 
  recently there were some stats about how willing people from different nato counrtries are for fighting in defense of another one . 
  we results werent to nice for us , while us and poland had quite good % . 
  well , this is free market , isnt that like one of main points of eu ? 
  nope , that was f-16 , probably polish one . 
  not too windy . 
  check wind maps of europe . 
  we are not too good country for that . 
  very costly one . 
  well polish options are either coal or nuclear . 
  i am up for nuclear but a lot of our citizens are scared of it . 
  then change to central heating with water . 
  it ` s western europe project . 
  poland from the beggining was against it . 
  russia was openly threatening my country and romania . 
  sorry , but i very much see them as enemy to my country . 
  depends on the country . 
  us is still good in poland . 
  they worked for that really hard . 
  well its eu border , and at least poland is doing it job at protecting it . 
  it makes queues a little longer , but at least we dont let in everyone . 
  well , its hard for poles to trust that country . 
  they fucked us so many times in the past . 
  they displaced and killed poles on mass scale . 
  now they are being agressive towards its neighbours . 
  they border us with a ground that is basically one big army fortress , and they keep militarising it further . 
  poles will never trust russia , and will always be that part of eu that will be against working with them on more deeply level . 
  well , its just show hypocrisy of west . 
  you want solidarity when it fits you , but when we want something , then apparently its just other `` road '' . 
  germany chosed to hurt itself by taking millions of muslim migrants , when they had chance to not do that . 
  don ` t blame v4 for not wanting the same . 
  but do n't blame us for taking another road . 
  no surprise . 
  west bought most of capital in poland . 
  west is brain-draining us for long time . 
  but now when we start to be actually competetive on market , when our own industries started to rise , west want to fuck that because its not in their interest . 
  when poland was joining eu , both sides accepted terms of single , free market . 
  but now , when we actually start to profit it , its bad . 
  and its you that always talk about solidarity . 
  well , i agree . 
  but macron stance on single , free market is debatable . 
  he is mad at poland , cause factories are switching here , because its more profitable , but thats what about free market is . 
  we didnt get mad at france or germany when you bought most of our shops and factories . 
  we dont need to be part of eurozone or federation , we signed for union of countries and an economic union , and thats what we want . 
  hate to tell you , but during this president , us has changed place of their division command from germany to poland , and during this president us is planning to build base for us equipment . 
  its actions not words that matter . 
  being in eu does not obligate us to buy weapons from french , thats one thing . 
  second , its us that offers us boots on the ground and will fight with ruskies in first line together with us . 
  third , only thing that we bitch is retarded and suicidial migrant policy . 
  now look at those numbers in per capita c :, 
  no , i dont have to and i will not . 
  i dont have any problems with europeans , we are almost same in every aspect , and thats cool . 
  but mena and africa migrants and muslims are nowhere like me .
