  sharia law , putting womans as second class people , killing people for their sexuality , accepting suicide attack as a way to get people in your religion . 
  nope , it isnt anywhere near me . 
  but we didnt took any actions in syria . 
  and even if so , only really small part of migrants are from syria , why we should accept those from africa ? 
  oh yeah , polish economy is so unatractive for migrants from africa . 
  all they want is social money from sweden and germany . 
  how it is idiotic ? 
  legal migrants apply through legal ways . 
  illegal try to crose the border without allowance of country . 
  simply as that . 
  well looking how multiculturalism is working in west or in the us , i am happy to anounce that it is devil and retarded . 
  what left is country that is strongly and fast rebuilding . 
  country that struggled for centuries and dont want this anymore . 
  we are happy with ukrainians , russians and asian immigrants cause at most what they will do is fuck wages a little , but at least they will not blow themselves in fucking center of the city taking with them dozens of innocent people lives . 
  i would , especially for what you did during wwii , 
  looking at this , proud to be polish . 
  especially with nato question , i would go to fight for baltics brothers without hesitation . 
  yeah , ban all people that i dont agree with !, 
  not that small tbh , one of the bigger if looking on the rest countries that took part in isaf . 
  why ? 
  poland and even pis is pro-eu . 
  not agreeing with everything that eu says , doesnt mean we want to destroy it or leave . 
  whats wrong with poland ? 
  because russia is so peaceful , it totatlly didnt went into war with two of it neighbours in last 10 years and totally didnt threaten poland . 
  yeah , russia is totally fine and cool , nothing to watch , move along . 
  yay , another self-hating guy from r/polska . 
  so was eastern part of germany , that means that nato should only defend western part of it ? 
  what a stupid logic . 
  even with trump , we believe more in the us help than in we . 
  its us that is stationing in poland with foots on ground . 
  problem with r/polska is that , it doesnt show our political and social spectrum in any way . 
  what was in the comment ? 
  cause i dont know if youre guys / s or not . 
  oh yeah , those magic nazis from space that overtook germany . 
  how could we forgot !, 
  i dont mean any negativity . 
  and tbh , in this time i dont want getting it back , its just to big financial hole for poland to sustain . 
  its just no matter what , i will have some emotional place for this city in my heart , never mind under what country it is . 
  its a place that my family comes from . 
  maybe on the paper its not polish , but in many poles hearts its still will be polish . 
  my grand-grandparents are from lw\u00f3w and stanis\u0142aw\u00f3w . 
  being in the city you can feel that it was populated by poles . 
  very beautiful and emotional place . 
  but its him who put us forces on our soil . 
  he made a lot more in this year than any other european country in terms of polish defence . 
  poland was pushing for common army for long time . 
  no one listened to us , so we went for us . 
  how is poland not liberal democracy ? 
  eu is an alliance not a country . 
  it doesnt have shit . 
  til that we spend money from eu designed for infrastructure etc. 
  for military equipment . 
  we buy from us because they offer us something despite equipment . 
  they are giving us real help , they station here they own soldiers . 
  you think germany with bundeswehr would do that , or maybe frenchies that criticize us for everything ? 
  and in first place , you allowed us to get into eu , we meet requirements , and both signed documents for free market and open borders . 
  you didnt had to do that , and no one forced you to do that . 
  wut , we see him as a traitor and murderer in here . 
  for us everyone associated with communism will always be a bad guy . 
  now its stupid , but when french banks , shops , car producers etc. 
  went into poland , bought a lot of things basically for free for french and had easy set it was good . 
  poland of no homosex of no muslim of no commies reee, 
  i am not , people that surround me are not . 
  marches on 11 november show that many people are not either . 
  its not a joke , its a local power with very good army and a lot of potential in future . 
  i would rather said that i am proud of it , and how far it went after 70 years of constant ocupation by foreign countries . 
  thing he is showing india as working example of multicultural country which is not true . 
  all coutries that you wish you would live in ex . 
  japan or denmark are homogenous . 
  in homogenous country people care more abour each other cause they have much more common things . 
  thing he is showing india as working example of multicultural country which is not true . 
  all coutries that you wish you would live in ex . 
  japan or denmark are homogenous . 
  in homogenous country people care more abour each other cause they have much more common things . 
  and india is so stable , rich and prosperous . 
  oh 100 person group , yeah that is for sure yuuuge and like root of left extremism right ? 
  you dont see riots like that in poland , neither from left or right . 
  we just sonr have problems with violent demonstrationa . 
  whats with poland i am curious ? 
  we are for most eu things , we are very positive on pan european army . 
  we have problem with so called refugees from all-over-the-world and keeping our external eu borders so open . 
  bang poland bad boo , because this one thing . 
  well , nope ? 
  left in poland is generally not existent . 
  nope it doesnt , at least in normal countries . 
  i dont remember to have violent protests in poland , yet they are heard and listened to . 
  but economy is not everything . 
  there are social and cultural things , ex . 
  they are much more harder to overcome than economy . 
  there is bogurodzica too , our firts anthem and gaude mater polonia . 
  montana is usa . 
  montana in usa . 
  other tgan that , i cant think of any other . 
  been there few times , while there are some onr nuts , they are minority . 
  a lot of families , elder people , or just people like me , that want to celebrate that event with other . 
  and it didnt hijacked shit , people were not interested before in celebrating that . 
  i hope it will be big , i for sure will go for independence march , hope we will make a lot more people than in previous years . 
  polish pis is silly liberal pussies compared to dup . 
  and that is something . 
  we have quite capable forces .
