  i am not against partnership , but marriage is between man and woman . 
  and this is poles choice . 
  we dont want lgbt here , and this our right . 
  and no one is discriminated here , they have same rights and laws to obey as i do or any other pole . 
  well , depends what for you is right . 
  and yes , i am not capable of human empathy , i dont care about others . 
  and he has right to do that . 
  some people like me prefer `` powerful '' government over democratic ones , and i have right to do that . 
  you can say that is based on my most primitive instincts or whatever , it ` s my view on that matter and it is not going to change . 
  waffen ss sure did many horrible things and mistakes , but they still are heroes for many people . 
  that doesnt mean they should be . 
  upa like gestapo or ss is going to be forever a criminal organisation . 
  some random actions against civilians could aspire to discussion , but not mass genocide on that amount of people . 
  then make a proper question , from this one , only answer was that one , i gave you . 
  but if i had to choose from two countries , i would take poland all day . 
  the other one , because it is stupid to have governing party named same as your country . 
  yeah , and on pi\u0142sudski order there was around 100k deaths , in horrific conditions . 
  volhynia was a genocide on poles that goes in pair with soviet and german crimes . 
  if you want to forgive , then stop praising bandera and treat oun-upa like a national heroes . 
  and i don ` t. 
  yay , do we live in one country ? 
  this is chauvinism not nationalism . 
  i am a nationalist and i don ` t seek for any us vs them , i see other countries equal , i just don ` t feel any emotional ties to their countries , while i do it to mine . 
  i hate when people say that nationalism is only bad thing . 
  yup , there is a radical form of nationalism called chauvinism , but that goes same for every goddamn thing . 
  because german media say so ? 
  he and his party have majority of voters , 25 % of people in age 18-24 is willing to give them their voice . 
  poland is not going be a leftist country like western ones , but that is a pain for some people , isn ` t it ? 
  i ` m so happy it will not happen in close future . 
  libtards are going to destroy europe , that would be same with our country . 
  we 2m people have quite retarded view on height things . 
  its a much more better . 
  200cm people masterrace !, 
  the more stats i see , the more i can see poland be higher than spain and italy . 
  polan stronk ? 
  i hope i will see united ireland in my life c :, 
  why ? 
  for many protecting ability to own a gun is important topic . 
  and looking on that eu project about weapon , i can see why they are taking steps to make sure it is protected . 
  so we will lose our polacks : c / s, 
  i am 21 , student in university . 
  can say that most of my classmates are rather conservative , including me . 
  voting shows that too , look how many of us , youngsters voted for right and conservative parties . 
  til ukrainian is closer to polish than russian . 
  que . 
  and russia so far . 
  i think i could live in this world . 
  but how long can you fight for better commitment ? 
  usa is talking about it for years . 
  where is the logic to keep such alliance when one of the side doesnt want to commit itaelf for it . 
  we only dont like imigrants from outside of europe :p, 
  jesus , how do you even fit in benelux countries :d, 
  is that somewhere in czech republic ? 
  but the sentence `` polish death camps '' suggest for people that are not that much in topic that they were polish not german . 
  tl : dr our population is retarded and scared of nuclear things . 
  as well as goverments . 
  some people here like him more than others . 
  till when islam is a race ? 
  islam is a set of rules , and sort of culture , not a race . 
  whats the problem if someone swear on god when its important for him ? 
  i love how liberals are so `` open minded '' yet when there is something about god they start to lose controll over them . 
  if i want to swear on god , as it is important for me , then i should have ability to do that . 
  wrong , thats why poland is good . 
  i hope it stays like that through my life . 
  i do , because then polan of stronk !, 
  oh no my western country is not the best in something , how can such place as poland be better , i mean it is ee so they probably have like war in there , right ? 
  its shortening from '' \u015awi\u0119ta bo\u017cego narodzenia '' , and everyone has it on mind . 
  he forgot about fascist and nazis !, 
  but its their private money , they can do whatever they want with that , maybe for them its a good way to invest . 
  ahh , you mean independence march . 
  its not a protest , but a march . 
  i myself took a part in it . 
  romania , poland , czechs , slovaks , east germans , hungarians . 
  thats more than baltics . 
  shhhh , it wasnt real socialism . 
  russians were officials that represented occupying country , such people know what might happen to them.civilians loses happens in all wars , be it regular or irregular one . 
  it is perfect comparison . 
  target for both things was destroying polish nation . 
  one was just little quicker to eventually achieve . 
  and that assimilation was quite bloody through those 123 years . 
  polish patriots decided to fight for their country independence . 
  shouldnt russia do it against germans in both wars ? 
  just let them in , fighting back is terrorist act against peaceful russian nation . 
  and of course poles should be thankful that we bringed them some lovely mir , its just what russians do , bring everyone some lovely mir . 
  in past to poles , now to ukrainians . 
  why those bloody people dont want to accept it , eh ? 
  you show only history by russians , one that isnt in check with facts that are accepted by whole free world . 
  but hey , its russia , facts must be as we state it , some westerners will not tell us that white is white and black is black . 
  this is nowhere close . 
  would you say that killing nazis , that occupied poland and russia by local population was act of terror ? 
  fighting back against aggresor and occupant is right of every nation on earth . 
  people aimed in this attacks were mostly russian officials and imformants , the people that helped in russification and occupation of my country . 
  if you attack someone , expect that someone to defend himself . 
  ah poor russians . 
  i mean how could those goddamn poles not want russian mir for over 100 years , why they had all the time fight for the independence , wasnt it comfy for them under occupants : c, 
  hes in fact mostly right . 
  people dont care as much about some imaginary rule of law , thing that they can not see or touch . 
  but its different story with migrants , an actual people , and actual terrorist attacks comitted by some of them . 
  first jihad started with mahomet . 
  around 620 a.d. 400 years before first crusade .
