what 100k people protest you mean ? 
  it was mostly paid by private investors , so whats the problem ? 
  [ aerial view ] ( http://imgur.com/a/adipv ) of the march , organisators estimated around 100k people , 
  of poland c :, 
  and you have from germany ? 
  state owned media in poland is always in favor of ruling party , whatever the party is . 
  still the rest of the media is free to talk . 
  this declaration is nothing for poles themselves . 
  as long as ukraine will praise upa and bandera as a hero , as long polish society will never accept working between our countries . 
  ukraine to these days didnt give us any apology for genocide . 
  even russians had more honour to condemn things such as katy\u0144 . 
  poland is one of the most english speaking nations , youre not going to have any problem with language , 
  sadly , the leftist cant see that , they rather prefer to push hard into people throat , not minding what people want . 
  you can always leave , no one is forcing to stay here . 
  poland has some flaws , as any other country but i freaking love it anyway . 
  so in basic islam roots is just shit ? 
  cant disagree . 
  i wonder if youre paid for setting poland always in bad light . 
  hurr durr poles are good in something , hurr durr it cant because we are not . 
  the encouragment thing would be okay if we would about complexed cases , but no when we talk about the same question asked to every women that took part in this survey . 
  oh man , bogracz is so freaking good . 
  and leczo , you magyars know how into kitchen . 
  butthurt razem voter spoted ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  so what you stating is parents shouldnt have ability to raise their childs ? 
  parents learn they children about world and life on very own , mostly based on their beliefs and opinions , where is the logic to have a kid , when you cant raise it ? 
  well , you should ask austria about that :p, 
  still , when you agree to do something , then you do that , dont look for excuses . 
  poland is not rich either , yet manage to increase spending for defense and military . 
  then ukraine should recognize novorossia , france should recognize brittany , spain should recognize catalonia etc. 
  how it is supposed to ok when your country just lost 15 % with help of foreign forces ? 
  its like someone would help get bretons , corsicans get independence and give back alsace and lorraine to germany . 
  if we recognize kosovo , we should do the same with novorossia . 
  no nation ever sent another nations to labour camps , you know why ? 
  because they fought , you think that germans wouldnt do that if they won wwii ? 
  they killed most of europe jews population and had in plan to do the same with poles , russians and other `` ubermenschen '' . 
  you are just plain stupid thinking that nothing would happen to you because you didnt fought . 
  there is no such country as kosovo . 
  if there is , then novorossia is a country too . 
  or it does count only for countries that are backed by nato ? 
  i didnt downvoted you , it was someone else . 
  met a few , but that doesnt matter in this case . 
  its all about backward islam ideology . 
  no other group is so much extremist as muslim . 
  they dont fit into europe , thats all . 
  if i would be raised and been sunni , then i would be probably one of isis/al - nusra savages . 
  but i am christian , and syria was one of few countries in middle-east that respected christians and their rights . 
  i would . 
  assad regime was only thing that keeped country secular and developed . 
  sadly in every muslim community , big chunk of them is radical and goes toward religious muslim country . 
  do not judge everyone by your measure . 
  most of poles are pretty attached to our country , and i think would fight for it . 
  you , that doesnt mean everybody . 
  most people will still see a picture that i presented , and if you ask them for someone from poland they will dont give you examples that you presented but rather jan pawe\u0142 ii , maria sk\u0142odowska or lech wa\u0142\u0119sa . 
  you dont have any right to rate my historical knowledge , especially that you dont know me . 
  and i dont determine who ` s polish and who is not , i just present the way most people see us and most of us see ourselves . 
  the state was multiculturar in back days , but it isnt anymore and probably will not be for quite a while . 
  we are homogenous and most of youth is liking that , the way we vote , and people we choose is showing you that . 
  well , looking at those numbers i wouldnt say that youth is radicalizing but rather looking for its own security . 
  about second thing , not as much as you would expect . 
  people do not tend to change their views that radically . 
  42 in younger generations , and they are a future . 
  that is a loooot . 
  and that was in 2006 so now almost half of muslims thought it is okay to blow themselves in the name of allah . 
  and those people have who have thoughts like that in 2006 are now raising they children in they believes . 
  i didnt say , that there were no polish important noble families . 
  and till when sobiescy were not polish family ? 
  and still , the polish crown was more important than lithuanian . 
  still we remember them as polish , not jewish or ukrainian . 
  ask common pole who were those people , and they always say poles . 
  we dont liked minorites , especially jews . 
  ghetto benches , look up , how jews were treated by poles , you have plenty of books that show it for examle `` mendel gda\u0144ski '' . 
  when you say polish , you see white catholic , we dont like minorites and we dont assimilate them with us . 
  till when immigration = emmigration ? 
  maybe we dont have problems with europeans coming to our country , but they have similar culture . 
  but check out polls about refugees - 70 % of poles are against them . 
  we , as a nation have always been very homogenous , and now , whem muslim terror is growing it helps as a lot . 
  it wasnt , country was multicultular but not the poles as nation , nevermind if you talk about commonwealth with lithuania where polish nobles were always more important than lithuanian ones , or iirp , where poles were openly against jews or ukrainians and dont recognized them as equal . 
  and that changed even more after wwii , that made us in to one of the most homogeneous country in europe . 
  now most of our countryman are against immigration . 
  that is true , but still we are raised on almost same rules , celebrate many similar events . 
  generally we are raised in western culture and while details are different , the whole is the same . 
  and we cant say that about migrants from outside , especially muslims who have many times very brutal and radical set of rules in their lives . 
  if you want to resign from your luxuries , that is okay , you have right to do that , but you can ` t force that on others . 
  i dont want to give up my privileges and luxuries . 
  thing is wer are in the same cultural area , and eastern european are part of eu because they passed everything eu was demanding from them , so there wasnt any greater good . 
  still eu is not a federation , and you cant push on any country and it folk to accept not eu migrants . 
  i can ` t tell that , i can ` t tell if they are a terrorist too , thats why i shouldnt accept any of them , for sake of my and my people security . 
  oh yeah , ak was making mass genocides , killed hundreds of thousands people . 
  stop talking bullshit , give sources . 
  ak was bigest underground army at wwii time , that fought both soviets and nazis . 
  the anti-ukrainian sentiment will be on the rise , as long as you don ` t stop worshipinig bandera and oun-upa as your national heroes . 
  how you can treat such people as a heroes ? 
  people who mass murdered not only poles , but your own people too . 
  and that worshiping comes not only from people , but from a state as a whole . 
  how we dont go with eu rules ? 
  lgbts are not put into prisons or whatever . 
  they have same rights as any other citizenship in poland . 
  they can work anywhere , get into marriage on normal rules , do everything that any other pole can do , as long as it is not against law . 
  i cant get gay marriage and adopt kid with other man to , so i have same rights as them . 
  simple as that .
