geographicly tough , sweden is a lot larger than germany ( and a tad smaller than france ) . 
  you 're probably right that about the northern thingy , but there 's also a lot of room for lakes here . 
  [ oh yes ... ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c3%85land_crisis ), 
  i 've heard they hide in the woods during the day , and at night they creep forward to kidnap children whom they then proceed eat . 
  ` racially challenged ', 
  wait , so a ( future ) isreali pm ordered the assassination of a un mediator ? 
  english is n't inherently ` better ' than any other language , but it is by far the most spoken one in the western world . 
  it makes sense that we , when talking to eachother , uses english as it is the best way to understand eachother . 
  what point would it be for me to write a translation in swedish ? 
  12 million people speak it worldwide ( give or take ) . 
  speaking french is a matter of prestige for some frenchmen . 
  they refuse to adapt . 
  i agree with you that i do n't want us military based here , but us troops would n't be permanently based in sweden without the consent of our government . 
  there might be occasional training scenarios with large numbers of foreign attendants , but again only with our consent . 
  furthermore nato is a defence alliance , and unless someone invokes article v , we wont have to lift a finger ( altough we probably should , but i digress ), 
  most swedes seem to be pretty clear that we 'll stand alone , but there is always that loud numbnut that claims that `` we 're western so they will definately start ww3 over us '' , despite the nato secretary general clearly said that we ca n't expect any help . 
  luckily tough , russia will likely not be knocking on our door for the next 10 years . 
  beyond that we can only guess, 
  3,000 tonnes of ~ ~ rifles , ammunition , grenades and armored vehicles ~ ~ food, 
  it 's supposed to be a music shop, 
  last summer i was interrailing with a few friends , and we arrived in vienna on a sunday . 
  it was like a ghost town - everything was closed , we rarely met anyone on the streets and cars were sparse . 
  it felt surreal for a capital . 
  it goes both ways buddy . 
  the dutch are honorary scandinavians . 
  if you only would put propellers on your country and dock outside denmark you could become proper scandinavians . 
  [ siblings ? 
  agreed , let 's push for bornholmian independence while we 're at it, 
   she eats like a ` normal ' person these days . 
  but that 's not enough to get rid of the excess fat you 've build up . 
  if she is eating less then her bmr , she should lose weight , regardless of what she weighs now, 
  and when they do , we post it at reddit , get some juicy karma , have a laugh and move on . 
  please , can we just pretend that we jointly developed it or something ? 
  i symphatize with you , remove kristianstad !, 
  what 's worse is that the locals insist on using the danish pronounciation of it , krischalmsta , still . 
  i would n't call it dumb luck , but a qualified assumption . 
  in the period from germany 's forming up the first world war , the balkans truly was a powderkeg . 
  * why are we speaking in our native languages ? 
   the american independence was probably also illegal by british law . 
  probably ? 
   [ it is ] `` not okay for large countries to flagrantly violate the territorial integrity of their smaller neighbours '' . '', 
  he is n't wrong , but hearing this from an american president is laughable . 
  well resisting arrest and urinating in public are both understandable crimes . 
  beeing drunk in public , however , is something i really ca n't imagine a reason to forbid in law . 
   spending 2 years in jail what . 
  the . 
  up to 2 years in jail for beeing drunk in public ? 
  the finns know their sauna, 
  or , here me out here , as a country with a shitton of forest , we should be able to manage a freaking forest fire on our own . 
  we should n't have to fly in support from other countries for shit like this . 
  the swedish armed forces should be given one or two airplanes capable of water bombing , as well as more helicopters up to the task . 
  it 's fucking delicious and nothing you bastards can say will change that . 
  unlike our danish neighbours , the swedish system is straightforward and easy to learn . 
  no odd halves , no backward numbers , it 's simply easy . 
  want to say 3985 ? 
  go left from right tre tusen ( three thousand ) nio hundra ( nine hundred ) \u00c5ttio ( eighty ) fem ( five ) tretusenniohundra\u00e5ttiofem god bless compound words, 
  there 's also the fact that turkey has a shady record with respecting democracy and human rights . 
  turkey also imprisons more journalists then any other country in the world . 
  denden sounds kind of silly, 
  well , if it makes you feel better , i can guarantee you we wo n't pulling any tricks . 
  i do n't know where you 're form , but where i live being a nationalist is literally worse then hitler, 
  are we going to start cirlclejerk over old cities ? 
  if so , im awaiting a greek redditor to put us all to shame . 
  luckily , earthquakes and tsunamis are security threats to most of our plants . 
  great britain is in europe , despite how much they might tell themselves it is n't . 
  also known as ` muh size-syndrome . 
  our top three guesses for your english dialect : 1 . 
  singaporean 2 . 
  us black vernacular / ebonics 3 . 
  welsh ( uk ) our top three guesses for your native ( first ) language : 1 . 
  swedish 2 . 
  english 3 . 
  chinese i 'm impressed, 
  kfc is about to expand into sweden ( again ) shortly . 
  as is dunkin donuts . 
  let 's head up to norrland and start measuring the skulls of sami 's . 
  for old times sake . 
  sweden really got the good deal there . 
  do you know why our contribution is so small compared to denmarks ? 
  our gdp per capita are quite similiar , after all . 
  yeah , same here . 
  i 'm 19 , and several times i have been drunk enough to fountain-puke in the evening and wake up next morning feeling great . 
  i 'm kind of both expecting and dreading my first hangover . 
  religion is a subject troughout much of school . 
  christianity obviously gets a lions share of the attention , but i also recall lectures on most major religions of the world . 
  in elementary school we even had lessons on the old norse faith . 
  it 's handled very professionaly though , at least according to my experience . 
  every teacher have been secular , and classes have taught the history of the religions , their core foundations and their impact on world history . 
  i 've never experienced any kind of creationism , preaching or anything of the kind . 
  out of curiosity , you do not intend to vote for them in september ? 
  [ swedish parliament election ] . 
  i understood it as if europe skepticism was the sole reason for voting as you did, 
  if the league of nations taught us anything , it 's that great powers wo n't play ball with minor powers on equal terms . 
  without the veto it 's unlikely that the us and russia would have paid anymore focus on the un than the lon . 
  it doesnt matter if france and the uk are powerful enough to warrant those seats today . 
  it wo n't matter in 20 years , as unless those seats are volountarily given up , uk/france ca n't theoreticly lose them . 
  they can veto any propostion to reallocate the seats . 
  thus is the beauty of the united nations . 
  if anything will happen , it 's likely that the permanent members will increase and include countries such as india & brasil , for example . 
  it 's highly overrated .
