  just another fast food burger chain . 
  if you have your ways past stockholm tough , do n't leave without a visit to [ palmyra kebab ] ( http://www.palmyrakebab.se/ ) . 
  commonly accepted as stockholm 's best kebab, 
  white subtitles . 
  uh , cant read a thing . 
  the last decennium mikael genberg have lobbied for his idea at the highest level . 
  he have recieved support from both the business community and politicians , for example p\u00e4r nuder [ former swedish minister of finance ] is the chairman of the foundation ` friends of the moon cottage ' . 
  swedens foremost spacepioneers volounteered to build the cottage under a period of several years . 
  christer fuglesang [ first swede in space ] and sven grahn [ veteran space engineer ] are ambassadors for the project . 
  something something jew , something something nazis . . 
  double professor paycheck , i 'd bet . 
  it would be amazing . 
  you would get proper requirements and testing before being allowed to get a drivers license . 
  alchohol at 18 , age of consent at 15 , i could travel to florida without going trough customs , and perhaps most importantly , we would force ihop to stop branding swedish pancakes as crepes . 
  are you daft ? 
  france once again refuses to use the de-facto common language . 
  do you really expect us all to know french , or do you simply not care and speak french nontheless out of some forlorn sense of pride of an great-power status long gone ? 
  if so , it 's nothing but pompus and pathetic . 
  a user over in / r/sweden put it quite well ; `` even the poor communist-stained , war-torn , poor country of montenegro manages to bring english-speaking tv-presenters . 
  or , from the stockholmer perspective , stockholm realizes that it 's at the center for swedish economic and political activities , which makes gothenburg jealus and triggers a little brother syndrome , trying to prove how important you are everytime you meet a stockholmer , when you in fact only got fishing and maritime trade going for you, 
  no dead giraffes * yet *, 
   also , i feel we should add spanish to the group of 2nd foreign languages , since it 's now the second largest native language . 
  this was a error on my part , spanish is actually a lot more common then french in swedish schools . 
  not at all . 
  english is the closest thing to a global language we have , and im glad we were thaught it from a young age , almost parallel to swedish . 
  we are a small country , and functioning in another country would have been very problematic otherwise . 
  also , because of our small size , i do n't think its necessery for anyone else to learn it ( at least not mandatory in school ) . 
  in fact , i kind of wish they would have started with the third language in 2nd or 3rd grade as well . 
  now we begin learning it ( usually german/french ) in the 6th grade , where the motivation to study is low and its much more difficult to learn . 
  i did 4 years of german , and i can barely introduce myself . 
  i kind of like having the variety , or speaking one language in which i can be understood almost everywhere , and speaking a language that is very uncommon . 
  double bed would n't be a problem , altough i 'd take a separate if possible one any day . 
  if you are above 7-10 years old , i 'd definately say yes, 
  i didnt create this , its from the local . 
  the image is the stockholm metro network , they 've only changed the names . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://content.phonehouse.se/responsive/privat/4g/4g-tuben01.png ) a similiar map , but in swedish, 
  talk for yourself . 
  we were 60 years from hitting oil before the norwegians decided that they wanted independece . 
  silly folks . 
  king george of underchins ? ... 
   a danish guy told me that the danish accent is less of an accent and more of a throat disease . 
  this is correct . 
  written danish is somewhat similiar to swedish/norwegian , whereas spoken danish sounds like guttural throat sounds, 
  yeah , compund words is very common in the scandinavian languages . 
  the exmaples you provided would be flygmaskin and motorv\u00e4gsrastplats respectivly . 
  it really is a smooth system - someone who holds the remote is a fj\u00e4rrkontrollsh\u00e5llare , someone who cleans the bird cage is a f\u00e5gelbursrensare . 
  having trouble with two sets of computer hardware ? 
  you might just be experiencing a h\u00e5rdvaruinkompatibilitetsfel !, 
  that was hillarious . 
  i love the tongue-in-cheek superiority of that ` reporter ', 
  you danes might speak a bit odd , but we 're the closest thing you have to a family . 
  you love us and you know it . 
  the way i see it , we have two options when we 're in a foreign country - speak swedish/norwegian/danish inbetween us when we dont want you to understand us , or speak english when we do . 
  flexibility, 
  continental europes alcohol stores . 
  buying booze in a convenience store in prague was an experience of its own , and that i did n't have to be 20 helped . 
  also , ~ ~ formerly swedish ~ ~ norwegian oil couldnt hurt . 
  start calling it the '' \u00d6resund region '' , and perhaps we can talk . 
  i was interrailing last summer . 
  i visited 11 countries , all by train , so i think i can weigh in on this . 
  deutsche bahn was definately the best company we went with . 
  never had any problems , trains were always on time , staff always spoke english . 
  the netherlands , however , were at the other end of the spectrum . 
  we had reserved seats from amsterdam to dortmund , but when we arrived in utrecht they announced that the train was taken out of service . 
  from there , we took another train headed for the german border , which was also taken out of service , this time in deventer . 
  after waiting for half an hour , we found a third train , heading into germany , which , guess what , was taken out of service , enschede being our place of misery this time . 
  we ended up crossing the border by bus , getting off att the closest commuter train station , gronau , and enjoyed a nice , eventless ride to dortmund with db . 
  ah , yes , you are correct . 
  i missed malta and cyprus . 
  i was counting countries within the european union , you know , as were discussing a standard * european * plug socket . 
  i agree with you , it would be nice if we could have a standard power outlet model , but the british model is used by two countries , whereas the europlug is used by 20 + . 
  in other word , we already have a standardized outlet . 
  its britain who does n't want to catch on . 
  liberal attitude towards nudity ( compared to the us ) and liberal attitude towards alcohol ( compared to the us ), 
  wait , what connotation does the peace sign have in britain ? 
  we have like 50 wallander-films in store for you . 
  surprises me that any network actually buys that crap, 
  you might want to make those towers more resistant to ... sudden impact from aircraft . 
  you know , just to be certain, 
  why is it so important that the one singing the song is from a eu-nation ? 
  yeah , that 's kind of what i meant , but there is still a significant part of the population opposed to membership in nato , altough it has been decreasing lately . 
  many swedes have the pre-95 mindset of neutrality , whereas the country has moved on . 
  our non-alignment policy officialy ended when we entered the eu . 
  but two hundred years of policy doesnt get overturned in a day, 
   you know , this was my first assumption , and i was 90 % sure it was like this , but i kept telling myself it could n't be like that , because if they integrate , standardize and train with us , why in the hell are they not officially allied with us ? 
  200 years of succesful non-alignment policies sets it trace in our values . 
  a region in southern sweden , sk\u00e5ne , has had some occasional village fool making a loud claim for independence , or becoming a part of denmark ( which they were until like 1650 's ) . 
  nowadays , this movement is headed by a bunch of hillbillys - bigoted farmers essentialy . 
  other then scanian independence , they champion causes such as a the removal of islam from scania . 
  they were elected to malm\u00f6 municpality and held seats from 1985 - 2006 . 
  they have 128 signatures in online petitions , so they wont be going anywhere . 
  in a way , this is bad , as it would severly shorten the way the rest of us have to travel to buy cheap alchohol . 
   a number of factors contribute to the dismal numbers for greenland . 
  the huge one is that greenland is a former colony of denmark . 
  ah yes , the post-danish stress syndrome . 
  took us hundreds of years to cure sk\u00e5ne from it . 
  the european union is n't nato - membership in only the eu doesnt guarantee that other eu members , or nato for that matter , will rush to your aid . 
  rasmussen made a statement a few months back in which he said that sweden cant automaticly expect the help of nato in case of an invasion . 
  his reasonings went along the lines of `` either you are a member [ of nato ] , or you are not '', 
  as a member of a relativetly small country within the union , i feel this safeguard is essential .
