  if france and germany could ignore vetoes and turn the eu into a vessel for their policies , well , that wouldnt be good ( for us who are n't french or german , at least ) . 
  events like these are the price of a otherwise good system . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:svenska-f%c3%b6rsvaret-1965-2010.gif ) a image showing the development of the swedish armed forces in the last 50 years or so . 
  yellow is fighter wings , blue is infantry regiments , red are artillery regements and green is coastal artillery/amphibious regements . 
  if the russians come , the armed forces will be a mere speedbumb on the russians path to stockholm . 
  you cant win if you do n't play the game . 
  so the swedish police confiscated the guns because we 're `` raising a generation of brats '' ? 
  off the top of my head , and of course based on my flavor , i 'd say [ peter , bjorn and john ] ( http://grooveshark.com/#!/peterbjornandjohn ), 
  i had no idea that sweden even had a rugbyteam , but we outrank denmark so it 's a pleasant surprise . 
   [ the swedish state ] seems hell-bent on severing the bonds between wife and husband , children and parents , and elderly on their children . 
  think of it as the china of the north . 
  all hail chairman reinfeldt !, 
   their state-run alcohol monopoly stores , the dreaded systembolaget , were described by susan sontag as `` part funeral parlour , part back-room abortionist '' . 
  here he falls short . 
  systembolaget is what the devil would be if he was a store and not a red , horned man . 
  nothing less . 
  now i kinda want to taste whale . 
  the answer is v\u00e4lf\u00e4rd . 
  `` if you do not cease this goverment oppression immiedately , you shall recieve a strongly-worded letter in which we condemn your actions '' best wishes , the european union, 
  the love of their language that many frenchmen displays can be astounding at times . 
   no one guarantees that we or one of our allies wo n't ever face one of our own weapons . 
  hey , if it makes you feel better , sweden will never invade you with the tanks we bought off you . 
  i do n't think you have to worry these policies will even gain ground in sweden , and even less so spread to norway , which could be considered our closest cultural neighbour . 
  isnt locking them in doing enough protection as it is ? 
   because i think that the reason to deprive them of their liberty is mainly to protect the public . 
  how does keeping prisoners , a relativetly small group , from voting `` protect the public '' ? 
  i should state that the things these people have written is borderline racism . 
  some examples : `` it is better to arm us ethnic swedes . 
  ideally with glock-17s for the men and glock-19 for the ladies . 
  so we can defend ourselves agaisnt the enriches '' ( enricher as in culture-enricher , a derogative term for immigrants ) `` it 'd be best for the world if the sunnis and shiites beat each other to death . 
  imagine the feeling of freedom that would arrive in that case '' `` you can remove the negro from the jungle , but you ca n't remove the jungle from the negro '' all of these statements are from elected politicians . 
  personally , i think its ok to publish this ( altough the pictures could have stayed hidden ) , as public persons should expect to be reviewed . 
  what they said awful , and not the same as a critique of immigration . 
  the people voting should know what their representatives stand for . 
  it is , however , when they start publishing the info of non-offical persons , or civilians , that things get problematic . 
  here 's some statements from the second reveal , this time from civilians : `` he uses word such as blatte ( derogative term for black person ) , zigenare ( semi-derogative term for gypsies ) and niggerboll ( another name for the swedish pastry more often called chocolate-ball ) . 
  he also claimed that the gypsies `` steal like crows '' this is much les controversial , and there is no way statements like these should warrant public shaming of this kind . 
  i dont know much about the situation in the car , but foreign intervention is not inherently evil . 
  besides , absolute state sovereignty over internal territories is a thing of the past , i doubt we will see these kinds of intervention dissapear anytime soon . 
  sadly , due to the graphics of the site , translating all of it to english is something that cant be done at once . 
  i 'd advice you use google translate . 
  anyhow , the reason this is important is because it is the first time something of this magnitude has happened . 
  sweden has generally been strict on our ` press-ethical rules ' , and even tough they are not as influential as of late , publishing name , picture as well as job info of civilians is extremly rare in sweden . 
  at first , the info was regarding elected politicians , mostly sweden democrats , and their comments on swedish site avpixlat ( roughly de-pixelated/de-pixeled ) , all of them demeaning agaisnt muslim immigrants . 
  later , however , expressen continued to publish info about swedish civilians , again with name , age , work info and so forth . 
  some people , myself included , see this as a worrying trend towards exposing people not for comitting crimes , but expressing unpopular opinions . 
  i dont know how interesting this will be to the rest of you , but the reveals have been largely debated over in / r/sweden , so i 'd figure it could be interesting to get a ` outside ' perspective on things as well . 
  i suppose we 'll just have to agree to disagree . 
  in terms of news-value , or being interesting , i 'd pick the ukrainian protests over national primaries any day . 
  for an italian , that might be true . 
  i dont know anything of italian politics , so i cant comment on the importance of this from an italian perspective , but this subreddit is n't using a italian perspective on content . 
  these news barely of interest to anyone outside of italy . 
  would n't it be better if we kept these kind of news to the plentitude of ` national ' subreddits that exists , and reserve / r/europe for news covering , or of interest , to more then one country ? 
  would n't this be a post better suited to / r/italy ? 
  well , color me surprised . 
  or not . 
  the song translates as , roughly : `` and now we shall follow a russian to his grave a rus is a trickster/rascal for all his days go to hell !, 
  go to hell !, 
  now a russian goes to hell . 
  a russian , he is called a trickster/rascal and it is true , it is a hell of a mob go to ... istonativj or major general the difference , ill be damned , is not big go to ... and the russian is dead and the coffin is red but hell , who knows if the russian is really , really dead go to hell !, 
  go to hell !, 
  now a russian goes to hell . 
  it is a lot catciher in swedish . 
  future ~ ~ citizens ~ ~ overlords of rome is what they are much better, 
  jeez , norway , fifth least corrupt country in the world . 
  fifth !, 
  its like your not even trying . 
  riga international airport , as well as the cruise line harbor are all very nice places . 
  not as much beuatiful per say , but they provide a very nice feeling , as you know you will soon be out of the country . 
  half of these cities were russian - european status doubtful . 
  of great sadness . 
  no need for minister . 
  only potato . 
  i can finally put all the hours spent playing various strategy games to [ use ] ( http://imgur.com/dbmtaeo ), 
  yes , as do any normal swede . 
  as a swede , if i cant use ketchup on pasta , what am i supposed to use it on ? 
  seriously , 90 % of my ketchup goes on pasta . 
  there is no better use for it . 
  edit : it 's amazing how angry people can get over how someone at the other side of europe eats their food . 
  i 've always considered the nordic countries superior to live in ( it doesnt matter that much if it is sweden , norway or denmark ) . 
  this does n't mean scandinavians are better people then , say , croats . 
  that said , nationalism is extremly frowned upon here , to the extent that public displays of our flag on clothing is often a sign of racism . 
  our sweden democrats , whilst mild in comparison to many continental anti-immigrant parties , is often `` litteraly worse then hitler '', 
  you can get clean tap-water almost everywhere , so finding unflavoured/uncarbonated bottle water , at least in larger quantities , is often very difficult . 
  if there 's a country which can be likened to herpes within the eu , it sure is n't the uk, 
  they thought their language was too similar to danish , so they created a new one . 
  i may or may not be biased, 
  they seceeded from themselves . . 
   but malm\u00f6 is n't denmark nor will it ever be , despite the recent neo-colonial antics of copenhagens mayor, 
  do n't listen to the haters . 
  polish elections are not news outside poland . 
  that 's a really fair point as to why french politicians may be reluctant to change the status quo , but the point still remains - european taxpayers should not be expected to pay for french politicians elections . 
  the ecb is wholly located in germany , which makes the entire situation different . 
  strassburg is only used for a small amount of days , by people who already have offices , infrastructure and other needs in brussels . 
  closing/moving the ecb would mean immense logistics costs , closing strassburg would in contrast save money . 
  i fully agree . 
  the eu subsidies a lot of things . 
  french national pride should not be one of them, 
  it 's funny how europeans killing europeans is sensitive for middle easterners, 
  yep .
