  i dont think us and russia are hitting same foe there ... 
  bi , bbc , cnn are sources , so why the hell not . 
  [ objasnio ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xpaat-t1uhe ), 
  difference is not bigger than 30 to 60 . 
  yes going 80 + leap from 60fps is noticable , but 60 fps is far from unplayable . 
  cinematic experience . 
  its was mental disorder in the west till recent times . 
  why the hell we trust them now that it isnt ? 
  [ njega zanima ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gfwunbqw7ns ), 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rp2u4wjcns0 ), 
  edit : i ako glasas za radulu xexe , dont ban . 
  you dont need in depth explanation for his statement . 
  james was fired by valve , that confirmed , james is an ass , bear shits in woods , james wont be working with volvo , confirmed.james was left . 
  he wasnt gilded for james part for sure , but for second paragraph.and rightfully so . 
   yea , but he is our ass . 
  like thorin is csgos ass . 
  being ass in front of camera is not same as being ass with your employers . 
  ali ih puno hvale, 
  if he is not initiated in the first place . 
  yap , this sub is more delusional and xenophobic than r/europe, 
  downvotes worth more then upvotes on r/worldnews , if you are burried you know you are right . 
  you are saying people from afganistan , lybia and shit are migrants ? 
  jesus fucking christ you people make me sick . 
   if a bunch of people riot through a fence to your country it makes them invaders . 
  stating this fact does n't make one a racist neither xenophobe . 
  it is , cause they are not on fucking vacation , they are not transported there in limousines , they arived there after god knows what shit they went trough , they are tired , they are placed in overcrowded and understaffed camps for weeks on end and put on top of that that they probably lost some loved ones in country they fled , its hellofalot . 
  one can only asume their patience for eu birocracy is in all time low . 
  and anyone who doesnt understand that is in fact delusional conformistic xenophobe . 
  red haring or some shit son . 
  they dont obey to fucking schengen they are managed by united nation resolution . 
  acutally , if refugee or anyone for that matter that is fleeing war , asks for asylum in any country in eu , every country in his way must give them safe passage . 
  you here think that eu laws override un resolutions.it wont go like that . 
  thanks , i guess . 
  this guy said it . 
  i would add , stop fucking up undeveloped or developing countries across the globe . 
   it makes sense . 
  broadcasting the incident would fuel nationalists and cause problems for migrants all over the country . 
  this , horrible event like this is only good for tabloids and flaming hatred without real need for it . 
  so easy to bait cunts i agree, 
   in fact every international organ is pretty much a joke . 
  they dont say that for my organ . 
  jewfinder is of the charts . 
   the un is not a law making body and has no way to truly enforce resolutions , their resolutions are guidelines that have been shown in the past to be easily ignorable . 
  now just go back to my first comment in this chain . 
  nemoj da ides na multilevel marketing prezentacije , kupices kirbi . 
  edit : aha ingame voice chat , audicity ili tako nesto , bukvalno je windows recorder na steroidima . 
  ili [ vako ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/cf/flag_of_canada.svg/350px-flag_of_canada.svg.png ) nesto . 
   the only reason isis is n't wiped off the earth yet is that they oppose assad ,, 
  so isis is ok to be left alone cause someone wants to topple legal government , ooooooooook . 
   a guy who has literally and factually used chemical weapons against its own population . 
  you got that from same sources that stated that iraq had weapons of mass destruction that triggered us invasion ? 
  recall.exe has crashed . 
  im just correcting delusionals here, 
  savage, 
  somewhere 1 camel is limping, 
  this is not lpt . 
  this is just not being a cunt.sorry for all the people that are . 
  fasizam?really ? 
  nemas pravo glasa , napunis 18 godina , imas pravo glasa , napunis 65 godina , vise nemas pravo glasa . 
  it still stands.like a reminder why not to join nato or eu . 
  something something u/kapri123, 
   srvarno se tamo okuplja retardirana ekipa . 
  hp went to 0 . 
  nije ti to neki hendikep ... 
  ni video , ni sise ... 
  mhm , samo je problem sto su hrvati royal kao [ ovo ] ( http://www.petbox.rs/sites/default/files/field/field_image_cache/71lzh1anv0l._sl1500_.jpg ), 
  when uk shares border with it , sure . 
  west is bitching = china/russia are doing allright . 
  guy , kid fucking made torch of himself.you cant get more indoctrinated than that and compare it oposing views in sane and civilized fashion . 
  or joe got piss ass drunk/doesnt want to remeber it . 
  bulgaria is in eu , macedonia ( fyrm for malakas ) is landlocked country so refugees are landing in eu either in bulgaria or greece and they become eu problem . 
  you are right , drugs , medical or narcotics , are run by cartels . 
  hm , i wonder who is funding opposition ... 
  foreign construction companies can make a pretty penny after it , happens all around the world for quite some time . 
   deterrence is the only way to make that stop, 
  bombing the shit out of developing countries in middle east and northern africa is actually only way to stop it . 
  deterrence will make flying buses a native specie in eu . 
  you cant fuck fabulous and not be gay . 
  still less downvotes than r/europe . thats a shitshow . 
  about what is this post about ? 
  i just started reading a book about german polls in 1930-s , didnt finished it yet but i can bet it those polls were sane and in favor of rights of non germans . 
  ok , in all honesty , like , how many of you wouldnt go balls deep into that ? 
  refugees in eu have better stats than both . 
  i meant that but i came out wrong . 
  not on reddit it isnt . 
  non delusional statements always come from `` former '' people . 
   when you get to a non-war country and keep walking it makes you a migrant and not a refugee anymore . 
  it makes you asylum seeker if you keep walking.immigrants come from countries with no imminent threat . 
  so the most correct term for this mass of people is asylum seekers , even though they are refugees in most cases . 
   a us drone strike has killed more than 150 al-shabab militants in somalia , the pentagon says . 
  us army know they were militants cause they were hiding in big ass building with red cross all over it . 
  severna koreja bar ima nuklearni program ... 
  kako tomi da sad ne verujemo ? 
  krenuo sam , video tvoj komentar , sad necu . 
  kvalitetna logika . 
  nemoj bre da je summonujes, 
  sigh / unzips, 
  you need biologist , priest and flamethrower . 
  rs je milosevicevo delo u dejtonu , to racunas kao poraz?prvu de facto terotoriju srbije preko drine?e moj papane ... 
  7 tickets per person , bold move cotton,
