   for one not even 99 % of players give a shit about ti or watch it . 
  your words , like exact quote followed by, 
   so apparently you ca n't even read through your blind rage about day9 hosting . 
  i did n't say 1 % watches or cares about ti . 
  i said less than 99 % care about ti or watch it which could mean anywhere from 1 % -98 % which you proved for me thanks . 
  even more jibberish.because i said this that 99 % , exact number , can be crunched down , no left , right , no i meant that or this kind of exact number , dont give a fuck about day9 . 
   day9 clearly has weight, 
  yes , even over, 
   within and outside of dota he hosts a fucking e3 conference for fucks sake . 
  e3 hosting is laughable to be linked as credential to ti.especially his.he got rekt by audiance . 
   and within dota learning with purge as a series places his relevance to the portion of the dota community that gives a fuck about the events far above machine or redeye when they first hosted a dota event . 
  ok you went fanguirl here , not sure what else to say . 
   his casting ability does n't matter when he wo n't be casting . 
  but hey stay salty . 
  he will be hosting , and thats worse . 
  if he was casting godforbid , i could just go to chinese stream . 
  now i have to skip all panels cause balding fat faggot payed couple of shill on reddit . 
  well exclude couple of friends and tell yourself how many people you know who dont play dota want to watch dota unless being invited to dota players house with drinks and food and that shit is on screen . 
  generalizations wins . 
  only in strawmans world , classic sport and its rules are on same level complicated as watching dota and knowing dota rules . 
  pretty much , glad we are on same page finaly . 
  butbutbut before you go full agility again , football can be watched without playing it since rules are fairly simple . 
  basketball also , pretty much every classical sport can be easily watched without not knowing what the fuck is going on even tough you never played it . 
  that doesnt hold for esports , or most of games atleast , and for dota for sure . 
  let me hear this from you . 
  dota is no more complicated to watch hten football to person who never saw neither football or dota ? 
   you realize that day9 has done more than work with blizzard before right ? 
  he 's hosted the pc gaming show at e3 for 3 years in a row , runs his own brand and has worked with various other brands to produce shows , and moved to san francisco to work on a game just to name a few of his accomplishments . 
  did he first cast in blizzards events or started casting in blizzard events after they scouted him on other events ? 
   and moved to san francisco to work on a game just to name a few of his accomplishments . 
  what an accomplishment but really , its day9 style, 
  but hey , its funday monday guy , he is so smart , he is so great, 
  kind of stopped in syria , huehue, 
   either way he casted for random tournaments long before blizz picked him up . 
  like what ? 
  all under blizzard umbrella, 
  no , you couldnt organize any of that without blizzard and their influence , especially from that time . 
  you dont make any sense , like radnom company can just take whatever they want and do tournaments as they please . 
  and you prove my point that he is sc only ,1 thing caster if any . 
  everyday we stray further from god 's light, 
  objecitively player base stayed same at best and we are marginally doing better money wise with campaign included . 
  brain and use it, 
  it doesnt mean nothing in this discussion since.you can remember only 3 post you can store in memory . 
  stagnation of playerbase tells the story , throwing marketable campaign chest and lvl 2000 to artificially pump up pool is progress in minds of people like you, 
  im on mobile but i will go and make you a link of what you competely strawman here and not only that , you fail to realise you cant read . 
  here it is, 
   because the community has grown and aged and because the money is there . 
  same like last year , if not less . '', 
  i really dont know why i discuss this with logs who lose.chain of tought in 5 comments, 
  apply cream, 
  ill just watch in client , the problem that day9 shilled his way to ti and that valve needs to stop listening brigading `` inteligence '' for r/dota2 remains . 
  you really have lackluster reading comprehension, 
  no , what now ? 
  logged again, 
  rant wold be ok before roots disabled his ult . 
  now its just git gud stuff . 
  what about ongoing palestinian genocide ? 
  wtf was that, 
  jew in denial, 
  what did he say ? 
  its reddit, 
  you will win 50 dollars and 1 cent, 
  reasonable decision for both, 
  i dont know why i remember scvs with birthday hats, 
  tl ; dr this is a really great team , with really shitty results . 
  well , subpar results but still . 
  how they went on both majors ? 
  i hope so man , so far , not impressed but by lineup i should be, 
  canda only looks good in this case because of only bordering us , all in all superior economy and at least same quality of life part from healthcare . 
  thats stands until you build pc in europe outside of eu . 
  this look like artificial preping for near pudge victory just because they made arcana allrdy . 
  your keyboard bugged, 
   i dont give a fuck about starcraft , its a shit game and died for a reason, 
  oy , its still a good game now that player base settled.problem with starcraft is that is soo damn hard to play it never cattered to casuals . 
   and redeye was a good fit because of his savagery and memes , while machine , day9 and chobra are all boring and forgettable trash . 
  if there is room for flair this big , i would take it . 
  not for dota , you didnt listen, 
  i read us and european union wont recognize this elections . 
  i know who won fair and square just based on this . 
  still waiting, 
  test and reviews, 
  why you think that ? 
  not , its just bad in fanboy minds ,56 looks legit . 
  fake shit is fake, 
  did you post this twice ? 
  well that one on the other thread is enough , cause its same like this one, 
  i dont think you understand how good that vega is . 
  i bet you are us based , and have 0 clue of the pricing of nvidia products in eu and why amd , traditionaly evaded for nvidia have much more comparable prices to us mspr . 
  i will leave you at that since i am getting that vega 56 . 
  dont cut yourself over this , you are far too invested in my plans for new gpu . 
  you are too invested in my 100 % purchase of that vega for some reason but ok . 
  you apparently dont see how many people are like me in this sub . 
  only people who whine all the time are freesycn buyers . 
  you are right tough , complete fanboy bias of getting 5 % more for 50 % more money led us to this.gpu monopoly . 
  thank me later for buying vega . 
  i hit you in 2 places i see . 
  in day9 and nvidia fanboyism.dont be so salty sonny boy . 
  future rx 56 owner, 
  shills , just get used to downvotes . 
  dont know what you talk about , its cube from portal series,
