  what wrong with vega 56 ? 
  oh missread it , nvm, 
  so europe and asia are 1 continent ? 
   if you are in the minor group of people who were affected by pendragon then this is just petty and stupid at this point . 
  i was there , i got over it . 
  well minor group of people came to this comment burial and we are still not over with . 
  millions of people are tricked into playing trash game in every way no where near of dota2 quality purely on sunk-cost fallacy, 
  we need break for talents . 
  i 'm appreciating it for quite some time now . 
  i still feel like i robed someone for the performance i got per money invested.didnt even overclock it.didnt get the fastest 3000 + memory for it . 
  silent even on all night load , responsive like a hooker on couple hundred dollar bills . 
  really great stuff, 
   my comment has nothing to do with fine wine . . 
  but do we have unrealistic expectations of that ? 
  we really do expect some major improvements over time . 
  ok , fuck it ,1000 e here 100 %, 
  that guy is right , why just not admit it and call it a day . 
  all games tested with hairworks , his 580 vs 1060 memory overload explained it pretty nicely . 
   all games tested with hairworks , his 580 vs 1060 memory overload explained it pretty nicely . 
   if vram is all that matters to you , then the 580 wins in every way always to a 1060 , the 4 gb budget cards are always worth it ... 
  that 's absurd . 
  do n't use broken settings . 
  its self explanatory actually if you pull hand out of sand . 
  this is such a great cpu i cant even start to praise it enough . 
  tbh , you maybe have different settings even if you have same graphical settings.lemme explain . 
  he uses spring terrain , in non tinker game . 
  if you tested same rig on immortal gardens + immortal tinker late game , fps could suffer . 
  no cyrix, 
  they are still my favorite team . 
  results arent everything . 
  you can win ti and be bland ass team like liquid is . 
  you can be borderline top tier team as navi and give crazy ass games . 
  that magnus dendi top lane double rp still resonates, 
  5 % ipc is still behind intel tough, 
  what the hell are you on about ? 
  thats rather subjective . 
  depends on ambient mostly , for idles . 
  i had those temps with 30 deg in room , on load , and i mean load all cores all day its was 75deg + -, 
  you are completely fine man.stock cooler for this cpu is great . 
  newb should learn about uphill miss, 
  not sure what you talk about . 
  game is in heavy decline , thanks 7.00 talents and shrines, 
   i.e. 
  players get a salary from riot, 
  in dota they get salaries in teams . 
   it 's not going to change anything with viewership . 
  pretty important part + looks like 1 company is alot more greedy, 
   league players get both silly . 
  they get paid as part of their contract and by riot . 
  riot is putting work into the scene constantly . 
  so do dota players + they get 10 milion/2 million each if they win ti . 
   i do n't think that 's true , i just think people do n't pay attention very often to the information easily obtained in front of them . 
  and if people really only care about a tournament for prize money , why is the nfl so big and no one cares about their prize pool ? 
  because you for a second ther tried to do [ this ] | ( http://img.medscape.com/thumbnail_library/dt_170111_cherry_picking_800x600.jpg ) and you didnt say tennis instead of nfl . 
   there 's more benefits that get spread around to all teams instead of just the winners . 
  it helps to keep the scene alive when all teams are healthy instead of a few kings and the rest are peasants . 
  hell , go look at some of the dota2 casters expressing worries over the future of the scene . 
  i am telling you 3rd time , dota players have pretty nice salaries without even counting ti.the fact that valve doesnt have to pay them does salaries talk about even bigger problem with lol scene . 
  oh , so you think you have to relly on prize money and thats somehow more bad than just having salary no matter you win or not ? 
   interesting trading card game . 
  sorry , but where is trading showing up on hs ? 
  thats why i flame like a shitlord, 
  gamer nexus and jay tweet on amd . 
  if i have to pick sides , i pick amd on this one . 
  mid agresively pinging `` we need wards '' in first 3 min of game , while all wards are placed and 1 of them gave the vision of invis rune kunkka took before ganking him mid . 
  telling him that is apparently enough of reason to feed . 
   technically amazing . 
  and its a great game but we are in era of rpg bullshit, 
   i 'm not really ignorant , it 's just a title that has had a peak in the last 24 hours of 188 concurrent players . 
  bieber and vhs paradox combined . 
  while something is popular , doesnt mean its good . 
  and viceversa . 
  no , majority of people doesnt decide what is good or not good , they can only decide what is commercial . 
  the fact that we overwhelmingly play video games , doesnt mean chess is shit . 
  same stuff is aplicable to genres . 
  cod number of players vs any rts number of players.numbers dont tell about quality . 
  would say go for ryzen , alot cheaper + free good cooler , you wont see the difference in performance in intel gains 90 % of the time , you wont have to change mobo for next ryzen gen. 
  290e 1600 i got 3 months ago and here in serbia it was a steal basicaly . 
  we actually know how it goes with pricing in this parts.convert mspr in dollar to euros and just add atleast 40 % to it . 
  that because we here have so much higher paychecks than you . 
   we tried to follow the eu court on human rights definition of hate speech, 
  oh boy , verbal delict incoming . 
  well trying using desktop without mouse , then buying one . 
  now that is a cheap upgrade . 
   the hottest i 've ever been in was 200 \u00b0 c, 
  you bake shit on that temperature in your kitchen . 
  are you sure ? 
  im quite happy with amd and ryzen atm , and this 460 is pretty much great for me . 
  why would i listen to 2 borderline shills ? 
  still have 250x ( rebranded and replaced 7770 i had before it died ) . 
  really great stuff, 
  do n't touch my uliana, 
  i got 460 for same reason ,1060 here at the time was 350e . 
  finished doom on medium high settings with nice steady 60fps . 
  maybe ill get 56 just because i can but i have other computer that most of things i play 7770 is pretty much enough for 1080 . 
  what if i asked everything in the title ? 
  ** day [ 9 ] still has a fanbase among dota players after his performance at ti7 ? 
  not really , no . 
  and you had to post this ... 
  they gave you button to exclude him from soundworld and a button to report his cunt ass .
