  better than u/wykrhm , thats for sure . 
  ill report you for not shitposting . 
  by the time its out , its should yell `` kurva '' and chase immigrants all over country . 
  shitpost from valve 100 %, 
  when does this stop, 
   all have in common ? 
   they all have hands !, 
  bruno ? 
  5/7 content, 
  would , if it wasnt in moba category.when talking about moba-s i like castle crashers more . 
  ok thats it , im going to sleep . 
  1913 never forget jbg, 
  [ moz da budes opsesivan koliko hoces ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kuiatikmf0g ), 
  edit : banovan , i regret nothing . 
  its new postition : `` crybringer '', 
  yes but they stated that aoe spells dont get aditional range , dunno about damage increase . 
  just heads up , if you are in possession particular rakija you do n't like that much , just heat it up pour some sugar in it and you will like your mother in law . 
  viper till you are comfortable . 
  shitposting in last couple of days is enough of event . 
  add kotl for real pain . 
  you click on your little gg branch and you can place it on the ground to create a happy little tree , works best if you place it near mighty mountain . 
  am i wrong if i say mister is 5000 % cunt ? 
   then americans and turks went ape shit and started a revolution , because their `` democracy '' was obviously a `` dictatorship '' . 
  just a slight fix to get you on truth path . 
   it 's pathetic how many people are so quick to forget the real reason why the syrian war started . 
  no you morons , it was n't the us , cia , le jews , etc. . . 
  actually us is sole to blame for whole of this shit in syria . 
  proof : us middle east meddling for past 30 years . 
  `` amnesty international provided by guardian '', 
  jesus fucking christ im crying with laughter here . 
  inb4 donetsk region bought of for 3bn . 
  you say like they dont do that on regular basis ? 
  nato did same stuff in `` kosovo '' * and i dont see any complaints about that . 
  time for germany to step in , borrow some money and buy off whole ukraine economy for nickles . 
  we should call it `` greece v2 '', 
  they should get gas from germany , that gets gas from nordstream and this year started nordstream 2 , that gets gas from russia . 
  they will only play more , but hey , lets push the biggest gas suplier from market , cause we dont like them and we like to pay them and middle man more . 
  flawless logic my friend 5/7, 
  neither did serbia , thousand dead terrorist over 10 years isnt really slaughter . 
  something something same was said for crimea . 
  / popcorn, 
  whole territory of `` kosovo '' * now is basicly demarkation zone between serbia and nato base bondstil . 
  you dont have to anex anything if it works in practice as if it was anexed.you know , on same principle you can lead nato coalition into a universaly known principle of war like declaring war , without really being war just because you call it `` intervention '', 
  when it serves your cause you should , and you should point it out everytime you see fit.thats foreign politics of every cruical player for long time now . 
  actual raid bosses with 2 3 fight stages , bar per manufaturer , bigger bank , smd dealing less dmg to armor and i mean like fire on armor , ar being countrary to that , bar trackable on hud , atleast 1 type of pure melee weapons , unified world without being chunked into dozen of small maps , some kind of weapon upgrade vendor with tradeoffs , weather effects in sensible way , im sucker for this so more flexible model customizations . 
  from top of my head . 
  and there wont be response to this . 
  are you really pulling the trump card here ? 
  they did n't do southern stream for starters . 
  i just want to know from where receipts come from after payment . 
  vice and news in same url ? 
  great movie but not that much confusing, 
   i would say that ukraine is going to have a higher gdp/capita ratio than russia on 20 years with eu support . 
  so , greece scenario?i mean if we talk jokes here . 
   the reason why traditionally in wars it was always about `` save the women and children ! '', 
  is that having your tribe/race 's women killed to for example 10 % of the original number will pretty much be the death of your people ,, 
  i was sure they used `` save the women and children ! '', 
  in crysis , so that men can think about problem in quiet . 
  or when big enough number of hostiles is accompanied by civilians in hopes russians wont target them . 
  are you really defending american interest by calling on human rights?really ? 
  nato wont take you with open conflict and russians mendling trough half of your country.ye ye , ukraine is this and that but not worth of escalating allready tense relationships further . 
  you should look at ukraine like this : if nato managed to overthrow russian guvernment there and slowly start installing itself in ukraine while russia remain on harsh retoric and dont do shit , all is good . 
  russia made a move , nato knows where line will be drawn now . 
  sorry , i always burst when i see human rights mentioned so i didnt read this right . 
  `` nato gave up on ukraine , ukraine is bye bye '' , if i need to simplify . 
  i edited it , was bad sentence , sorry , i meant to simplify . 
   if it had , talks between the two would 've stopped . 
  whats the point of talks when crimea is gone , and half of ukraine is under russia control?its only makes them look better in media.nato kinda understands that russia aint some syria , lybia or bosnia . 
   it 's not `` half under russian control . '', 
  this is what you need to see , this is 2014 elections , blue region is what kremlin can win with same referendum as it was in crimea . 
  it looked like this before `` euro maidan '' , now i dont know if we should trust polls and results that only west aproves . 
  when i say half of ukraine i literally mean this , ethnic russian and russia followers regions . 
  what was militaristic about crimea independance referendum ? 
  they were there , for ages , and 0 shots fired . 
  stats look like there were more dangerous bar shooting that day . 
  it makes sense if its on split arrows , cleave hit windrunner even in windrange . 
  i did , its even in title here , `` independent.co.uk '', 
  i like how whole north america sub is filled with this and nothing to see with cisa being snuck in . 
  happy little tree my ass . 
  i still dont get why they went there , money can be made shit ton of tournaments . 
  exactly , sure big prize pool is nice , but to get there you still need to win , and in the end it suffering pays off only to couple of teams.its just a mistake by western dota pros , i hope i dont have to look at year 2000 tournament organization ever again . 
  pixar is hiring, 
  crkla mi baterija , sta sad ? 
   as long as the price pool is this big people will come , ** even if they do n't pay out the seeding for majors is worth it **, 
  change this to another tournament and all is good . 
  inb4 placing * happy little tree * mid lane while retreating turn other team back to base . 
  whole page of north america r/politics is dnc when i posted this . 
  i imagine the announcer as less professional version of this guy :, 
  to sam i ja cuo . 
  hipsterism, 
  o cemu ti to ? 
  chrvena . 
   because america is the leader of the free world , a role they chose to take . 
  delusional fucks everywhere.how the fuck can you use free or leader in the same sentence talking about country that use open , like in broad daylight corruption as electoral system , have shitfest of medical system and worst domestic schooling system . 
  us should be looked at like a surfer , he went up on a big wave ( ww2 ) and was riding it for some time , wave got ta crash at some point . 
  you sound scared like thing slovenia did is bad or shamefull.they dont feel like this is the way to go , and thats that . 
  as it should be in any democracy , right ? 
  and were they stripped of their rights , or werent given additional ones ? 
   it 's inevitable eventually anyway as sensitive bigots die out . 
  its kinda stupid to talk about `` dying out '' when you are in support of nonreproducing kind of sexual unity .
