  there is something other than medical help in this article . 
  ah no , we serve our country for peanuts son , we dont do mercenary shit like some scumbags . 
  this laws come when high officials have ex with naked photos of them, 
   i 'm sure i 'll be downvoted to oblivion for this ,, 
   now that russia has done the same , nobody bats an eye . 
  russia reacted on us overthrow attempt and was invited into this mess.if killing couple of hundred civilians is fast way to ending terrorist threat , its not the worst of all trades . 
   they are bombing terrorists ( there are still terorists ), 
  i agree, 
  they made isis . 
  guy responsible for this cause he didnt step down when some wacky foreigners said he should?this sub is turnig to r/europe with baseline goldfish memory . 
  i dont understand your point to be completely honest . 
   that 's just not true , the russians were giving assad weapons while he was committing genocide against his people before the us gave weapons to the rebels . 
  `` genocide '' by asad was worse then shitstorm nato did to whole refugee europe in last year how sorry ? 
   they deliberately set out to kill the moderate opposition, 
  they are not moderate just because you send them money and weapons.terrorist sure but moderates kinda not . 
  haha reddit genocides , always same bullshits . 
  not even remotely true apart from western mainstream media spinning it.pattern for overthrows is always the same . 
  mhm , same shit was said for gadafi , for lukashenko , for ( insert overthrown leader ) , its all bullshit that serves nato goals , nothing ever remotely close to reality . 
  less then you probably , sanctions are harsh . 
  i dont follow what you think that prove ? 
  thats all media talk , not really how it goes in the field . 
  they kinda invented that refugee wave with their `` honorable bombings '' and support for `` moderate rebels '', 
  all springs are us backed , so you kinda prove my point . 
  just google `` canvas '' organization . 
  nato bombs and support for `` moderate '' terrorists is to blame.thats my point whole freaking time thanks . 
  mhm , you get triggered like this only when faced real opinions . 
  they tried to , putin said nono . 
  wtf is noise propaganda ? 
   u/lalegatorbg , please provide source , otherwise nobody should acknowledge this guy . 
  i would like to thank you for this cause i tend to reply to everyone and kinda overflown here . 
  funny thing is either i am indeed russian troll or you are completely fucking delusional.im ok either way . 
  its attempt of a coup that failed and now we should share the blame?no , just no.murica is to blame for every single casualty of pretty much stable country before murican jerking with it . 
  greatest genius comeback of 23 . december . 
  its not the same cause oil . 
  sad thing is , you are talking about factual things that led one to another to people who just play guilt hopping game . 
  no , his people didnt want him gone brainiac , us did . 
  i will , cause there wont be gay marriages in slovenia butthurt boi . 
  you are combantant for money and not for ideals , you are a mercenary . 
  soldiers take arms and go to war when needed , you go for carrier , money and pension check . 
  mercenary . 
  international definition , whatever it is , is made up so mercenaries dont feel like bought of garbage for killing buisness.or something along those lines . 
  edit : sorry if im blunt , but it is how it is in the end . 
  hes the smartest guy from you 2 . but not that smart.murica . 
  maybe , but for sure not supporter of gay marriages . 
  triggering you like a hetero guy kissing a girl ? 
  thats bad analogy cause you are defending your army by saying whole nation is consisted by war criminals.if you said all serbian soldiers are war criminal i would say ok , your point of view and i really wouldnt try to convince you otherwise cause its pure nonsense . 
  im not doing generalization of whole united states population , im strictly talking about american army and in what shape its formed.start from yourself , money or ideals?its ok whatever you say to me but be honest to yourself is of big importance . 
  i allready did a sum up of that definition even before i read it . 
  maybe , but im forced to use the single and only language 90 % of trolls here understand . 
  if i listened to shit people say on reddit , i would be ok with gay marriages ... 
  im loser because i like the fact slovenia showed middlefinger to gay marriage?you are long way from home son , 
  i never asked them actually maybe they did, 
  with tall thin lamp apparently . 
  he probably went rogue at the time, 
  til : dreamweaver je programiranje . 
   iirc the syrian people are the ones who initially started trying to overthrow assad . 
  is it also wrong to intervene against the will of those syrians ? 
  so fraction so small that cant even remotely budge asad on elections get support for coup?syria wont be libya . 
  well gameplay will be smooth as fuck.only thing that could potentialy jerk with that is not constant good ping . 
  that card can with everything maxed out . 
  40-60 is pretty much good , if you dont spike from time to time over 100 you are ok . 
  i dont think 4k gaming is smart or good investment ,1080 p is pretty much entry level and standard at same time so if you get 144hz 2560 monitor you will save money just for the fact you wouldnt need to buy sli or top range expensive as fuck gpu to maxe out games on that resolution .4 k is 4 times more taxing on equipment than 1080p and usualy run on displays that are just slighly larger than 22-24inch on which 1080 still looks pretty sharp as it is . 
  trust redditor ,4 k for gaming is like burning money . 
  underqualified konkretno, 
  there is no dictatorship in syria . 
  i could argue that 2 party elections system in us is worst kind of fictional democracy that is factual bought off dictatorship . 
   but you claiming that assad is no dictator is some really strange opinion to hold . 
  that guy has tortured and murdered people opposing him for years before the whole war started . 
  you got that from western media without any factual proof behind it , separatists and threats for country stability , any country for that matter , are being killed/dealt with on daily basis . 
   that 's like claiming that kim jong un is no dictator because he won all elections by 99.9 % of the votes . 
  where did i make this parallel.you are linking apples and oranges for some plausibility of your claims but even you can see distinct difference between asad and kim jong . 
  i like how people here think hezbollah is something bad . 
  its resistance ** anti israel ** movement with alot of success , and thats why it gets baseline terrorist prefix , while they are not . 
  nope , only 7 of all countries treat them as terrorist organisation.seven . 
  pretty much west and israel are against their military wing , but hezbollah as a resistance movement is legit as legit gets , they even have manifesto of disignated targets . 
  check that wiki , they are demonised in media too much but in reallity :, 
   according to cnn , `` hezbollah did everything that a government should do , from collecting the garbage to running hospitals and repairing schools . 
  '' [ 130 ] in july 2006 , during the war with israel , when there was no running water in beirut , hezbollah was arranging supplies around the city . 
  lebanese shiites `` see hezbollah as a political movement and a social service provider as much as it is a militia . 
  '' [ 130 ] hezbollah also rewards its guerilla members who have been wounded in battle by taking them to hezbollah-run amusement parks . 
  nigerians are kinda black i think it was his point , it was a edgy comment thats all . 
  hm ,2 golds , for posting shitfuck drunk guy on christmas eve wishing us all happy christmas . 
  i understand we are `` advanced '' people now , and that we are `` new age screw church '' kind of monetize everything generation , but can we while we are at it , atleast drop christianity as an excuse for this event and call it `` lets get piss ass fucked up cause we are on holiday for a week or 2 '' event , cause this kind of shit have nothing to do with anything what people try to celebrate today . 
  salty salty boi . 
  soooo salty . 
  i need to have a beer after reading you comments . 
  there is no other polite word to decribe your whining here . 
  well you were right about first part and thats a fact , rest is copypasted nonsence . 
  mhm , like `` kosovo '' * left anything lol.dream on near bondstill and hope they dont leave you , for our fun . 
  you are really begging for more . 
  nato could try whatever it wants now , big boss pulls the moves and nato just watch . 
  i heard of your bravery boi , whole nato had to defend it . 
  dont feed the troll plz, 
   first of all , serbia was itself a recent state . 
  nononono dont even try that shit here son . 
  edit : evo ima postavljen [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qwje_knx3y4 ) koji sumira sve to .30 puta je rekao `` znaci '' onako boris bizetic baki care misim . 
  that sounds like something buttlicking colony would do and be proud of it . 
  both are terrorist states , that tend do destroy cultural herritage , some smuggle oil , some smuggle human organs , and are led by war criminals . 
  so , you are tehncally right about that 1 thing , unlike isis the world does not have unified intention to destroy `` kosovo '' * as a state . 
  imagine what fucked up world we live in .
