  no fear , ivanka is here . 
  dont know man ,6 / 12 ryzen is still upgrade from 4/8 i7 in production . 
  not really pay to win but pay for performance patch kind of deal . 
   he 's been a pro starcraft player, 
  well technically , only reason why he should be considered pro is because nobody actually played sc1 in na at the time . 
  edit : holy day9 shill fanboys, 
  why would i hate mediocre casters ? 
   ( read : non korean ), 
  you said it yourself.and lets not kid around that being pro anywhere but in korea at the time had that meaning . 
  that exactly is what i said before fangirls came into his defense . 
  he was good for na , but selling `` pro '' like he was actually good, 
  compared to real pros is bullshit . 
  ye , ye pro means you getting paid for your job , but average redditor can get confused with that and think he was like really good . 
  he wasnt.lack of players made him look good . 
  sensitive little prick arent you ? 
  i got a feeling that you are more frustrated with his smearing of macron than lady 's death . 
  but that doesnt make them good at all , that what im saying . 
  winning champions league in football isnt same like winning some local tournament in `` soccer '' , you get my drift . 
  you should not be called pro cause you won tournament and 6pack of beer and be compared to messi or some shit . 
  but being called pro usually means you are good . 
  in day9 case its false calling him pro . 
  get off me day9 shill , go drool over felicity, 
  nononono you say pro here , like day9 was ever any good . 
  not in a context he won some pennies playing video games , but like he was good . 
  he was not.mediocre player without competition , not like better than the rest , but the rest was so scarce they could n't fit average classroom . 
   the argument was that day9 was ~ ~ exceptionally ~ ~ good at starcraft, 
  he was not best non korean and this is what i say when i tell people average redditor can be spinned into thinking that day9 was actually any good at any given time.there was no interest in sc1 , player pool was piss ass small , no real infrastructure , no prizes nothing , and he was described like a pro nowadays . 
   not to mention that he got grand master with all 3 sc2 races too . 
  `` at some point , he had stated that all three of his accounts were in grandmaster league . 
  [ 4 ] however , upon being challenged on this point , he never provided any evidence of this , and it is now widely believed [ by whom ? ], 
  he is at a high masters level . '', 
  http://wiki.teamliquid.net/starcraft2/day ( 9 ), 
  no fanboy , he was shit.only reason players like day9 , incholesterol and similair bunch got to actuall masters is the fucking betaeffect where they had game in their hands 6 months before everyone else . 
   if being in the top 0.01 % of players does n't make him `` good '' in your book then i 'm afraid your book is a toddler picture book that the dog peed on . 
  you are making this retarded argument now . 
  edit : i used to come to dota games to chill out after playing starcraft.this wanker cant get 3k with purge help . 
  like in everything , but being pro doesnt mean you are good or great . 
  only in minds of day9 fangirls . 
  you dont get it . 
  day9 is like great example of that . 
   i have more games than mmr at 2.4 k. 
  i 'm officially on suicide watch . 
   to keep things in perspective : he 's been a pro starcraft player, 
  you forgot what you are arguing here , those are 2 comments i responded to and has nothing to do with my opinion . 
  pro doesnt mean he was good in sc . 
  this is how typical felicity brainwashed day7 fangirl reacts when you anal her with facts . 
  i bet you are younger than me also . 
   i was in the sc/bw scene from 1998, 
  this explains the insanity of you thinking nonkoreans played sc1 on any level over amateur . 
  dream on old kid . 
  man , saying day9 is pro out of context of youtube persona/blizzard tournament is edgy actually . 
  3k mmr , i dont think you get it . 
  in day9 case , cause he is on same skill level as always , being pro would mean remove from dota all players that are over 4k mmr , let day9 play and get in some tournaments and call him pro . 
  that was his sc career cause nobody was over 4k mmr . 
  you compare sportstars from established sport leagues with hellofalot of prior history with basic start of esports . 
  not comparable . 
  apples and oranges . 
  basicly , i just say day9 is pretty overrated . 
  yap but doesnt mean you should not have a good day also , 
  you asking for another anal like on day9 grandmaster case or you just use use flukes from time to time as evidence of consistency ? 
  im done with you old kid , go piss off and daydream how you was not in amateur sc league . 
  day9 filter plz, 
  i can name like 50 other people that deserve ti spot infront for sean and who did more for community than he did . 
  i dont understand why this sub is crazy about this guy . 
  tasteless , i could understand , but this guy ? 
  edit : also plz day9 filter for dozen of us who cant stand this bandwagoning of day9 to ti . 
  redeye over felicity bullshit any day of the week, 
  did you just put redeye and day9 in same category ? 
  not on this sub man , just on day9 threads . 
  man i miss husky the most from that sc2 crew . 
  this was n't really directed at you but more to general circlewank that happens here when day9 is mentioned in thread title . 
  yea , he was good host in sc2 , he had great insight when he did commentary , people liked him generally , all was nice and good.he played sc from from early days , he lived that game and yea , normal stuff . 
  but now i just cant help but think he is just game hopper for paycheck , bluntly said.you had to be under a rock for last 15 years or so to miss game like dota.and here he is , shocked at 3k mmr how this game is well made and balanced and want a part of cake.no . 
   but after the international 1 , i hoped that our scene would grow and that we 'd have our own awesome dota 2 equivalents of day9 , redeye , apollo , husky , 2gd , joe miller , djwheat , bsl , and all the other excellent casters and analysts . 
  and one way we will do that is by letting new guys ( and sheevers ) earn their place . 
  imagine that day9 get newbie stream over dota cinema guys , just imagine that for instance.sunsfan worked his butt off , from beta to today . 
  legend to a rookie is the comparison . 
  like 15 + years of experience of redeye in multiple games , different organizers , in different crowds vs couple of years of day9 in mostly blizzard events . 
  you cant say its decent comparison just on base that `` they both didnt have former dota experience '' and leave out the rest that completely tells the comparison story . 
  silencers aghs . 
  shills are here, 
  fuck the fangirls , you are right . 
  also where are the account locked special sets . 
  dk skin from ti5 is the absolute best stuff ever made . 
  done in 3 days , now i ignore whole game alltogether . 
  giving like 3 levels for 50k or 100k points isnt really that much in the long run , considering we have 3 months of compendium . 
  there is no incentive to play that when you hit 10k mark . 
  i dont know man , my counrty was out of vat for steam till recently and 20 % is now paid by steam , prices are unchanged . 
  so for eu it really doesnt matter what vat is for average customer , steam pays for that . 
  it would be shits and giggles if valve didnt implement every shits and giggles suggestion from this sub . 
  hire the lowest bidder . 
  nasa challenger paradox . 
  that hands mocking died off faster than hrc money backers . 
  modern journalism at its best . 
  but nba star said he is, 
  or maybe he knows that crisis in baltic states are not worth global conflict . 
  he done math, 
  its tonight , its has to be . 
  or may 46th, 
  it was never cold .
