  you cant change the way of majority population like that . 
  being gay is simialar to being poor.if you are poor in your country and what you have to provide to your country doesnt need , you should just move instead of trying to change lifes and minds of hundreds of millions of people . 
  gays are 1 . figure % minority everywhere.you cant change the world like this no matter how powerfull sjw media machinery is behind it . 
  isis is not behavioral term . 
  that kind of thinking is exact reason why we have social norms.if you dont pull the line somwhere , in this case heterosexual marriage as the norm , it , s not hard to forsee and a whole lot of shit being suddenly moraly acceptable just because handfull of lets say pedophile media bigshots have the lever to spin it as aok . 
  you can say that for gay population also , they are in far better position tham before . 
  and interacial changes was not forced by media/pride marches, 
  skip the family picnic , its not universal right . 
  no , i but i know that yemen is not isis concern couse of that export . 
   no one is forcing homosexuality on anyone . 
  you should reread this thread.its not bad to distance yourself from western way of thinking . 
  in decent countries , you dont need health plan.u are incorporatin us problems into societies that dont have those . 
  i just said what everyone outside us and camera infront his face thinks when u say gay marriage . 
  you do understand that biggest goal of every `` oppresed '' gay community is to cling for the same church and demand the church patented invention of marriage as their right ? 
  i dont know where to start with calling out hypocrisy and malicious intents on this subject , its that wicked ... 
  do you understand youtube is older than gay marriage right in 99 % of the world ? 
  gay rights are not , not by a long shot , measure of sucesufull societies . 
  if we talk about crimea , no . 
  majority people there were russian , they didnt feel safe after euromaidan revolution that stomped over their votes and overthrew legitimate government . 
  they held referendum about it , majority said we are russia , and by historical flow it was pretty handy that russian troopa were allready stationed there hence no invasion . 
  textbook good example of doing things right . 
  this is russian way of handling sjw influx . 
  and when i say russian way , im not saying its a bad way . 
  uk and germany , you dont have to pick one . 
  i like you , no homo . 
   if the people were russian and did n't feel safe they could have gone back to russia . 
  mhm , albanians from kosovo * could have done the same but west pretty much gave them territory without the need for any referendum . 
   there is a reason that almost the ** entire international community ** condemned russia 's actions, 
  wtf does that even mean?everyone from nato is said something against russia and we have global consensus now?only nato countrys cry about this , give or take 1/8 of the world . 
  `` entire international community '' lol . 
  i find it funny how you think that intentionally displacing 90 % of population from an area is not a war crime . 
   he was n't willing to lose his warm water port in the black sea and feared loosing influence over ukraine as they moved towards the eu . 
  he had that port.it was rented.it wasnt port of ukraine , u understand that?problem with crimea and donbass happened when handfull of people and lets not pretend here , that 2 % of population protesting in kiev at euromaidan is legitimate force to overthrow legitimate governemt . 
  us and eu tried to gain ukrane then and there , it went south and now russia is to blame . 
  i dont know why you didnt read this article or comments here . 
  they clearly said their rights will be protected as for everyone else . 
   the only countries that supported the referendum were `` afghanistan , north korea , syria , cuba , venezuela , krygyzstan , and nicaragua '' . 
  seems like strange list . 
  if those are the only countries that support you , you 're probably doing something wrong . 
  see you are doing same thing , you said who supported referendum as all outher countries are against that.everyone apart from nato based west was either for it or neutral . 
   he did not have the port . 
  it was rented . 
  you realize that renting is not ownership right ? 
  i didnt say its the same you are saying that.but that port , with military personel , was in russian hands . 
   the polls and wikipedia have the support for euromaiden between 40-50 % . 
  if you want to be analytic , dont use wikipedia , tell me the numbers on those protests , divide it with ukraine population , and come back with 50 % support . 
  revoluition/basic coup was staged in in similair fashion to 5 . octobre in serbia and all of color revolutions and arab springs.without mass suport but with money and mass media backing . 
  kosovo * gives them right . 
  well on same principle nato took over part of sovereign country , you cant really deny same right to russia . 
  u underastand u got immortals in a way you wasnt supposed to?ofc they wont be marketable , i have mirana rare and im contempt with it . 
  no its not stupid , you got the immortals in the way you were not supposed to.how hard is that concept to grasp ? 
  edit : you would pass 50 levels for rewards + 4 untreadable immortals + 2 sets over that for 14e ? 
  i dont know , blink + armlet are kinda must on him , mana control for ult vs mana burns ... 
  he wants money cause his game fluked , fuck that guys , he was in sc scene cause big brother was and he got easy way in for some cash . 
  dont even start me with that day 9 jugg chugging shit videos , he never said anythuing new , he just said what every pro player showed in his build . 
  god i hate little tasteless with passion . 
  edit : passion for video games in general and comes from sc2 = redeye, 
  day9 = flipping boats gold digger with charisma . 
  tl : dr out of all sc2 casters , day 9 is the most overrated trash . 
  he got fucking sacked , their project is droped , he is here for the money . 
  he didnt have pendragon power over dota , but he had impact on sc2 scene and was the first one to abandon sc2 ship when it was clear its past its peak . 
  fuck him . 
  its not , its 20.770.460 for a while now, 
  its #secretforlife all over again . 
  is miracle next rtz ? 
  if you check his twitter , he `` left '' that job 2 days ago . 
  there woulnd be west sc scene without tasteless, 
  someone have to shit all over fanboys and thier blindness also no, 
  you cant beat the fanboyism here and say how it really is . 
  he is golddigger without a job . 
  day9 is a pro in a same way random 6k playing finals of brazilian concrete league is a pro . 
  ti3 was only a couple of mill and league lookes better to him . 
  you apparently have issues with reading people and you are on your way of being run over for life . 
  as i said , what pro player ? 
  wcg usa ? 
  did you skip the part when i said `` 6 k mmr being pro in brazilian concrete favela league '' ? 
  sc2 does takes more , alot more.mechanical skill . 
  when i tried to grind my way out of diamond , i would fire up dota to relax abit . 
  italy should leave , austerity killed to many economies so far . 
  for countries that gave up national currency its allrdy too late . 
  the second you lose control of your currency you lose economic souvergnity . 
  bailout = even more debt , but in clear ownership . 
  every country that is in bailout position should just tank and default.in the long its the best out for that country . 
  i drew it at day9 , incontrol and other merry faces being called pro sc2 players . 
  scarlet yes , day 9 no, 
  they are fucking idiots . 
  they are doing something well over the line and that makes sales and endangers employees and their neighbours.how cute of them indeed . 
  oh , and lets not forget to say that in all that fuss they do actuall shit .0 . nothing against muslim issue in europa apart from bringing oil to fire . 
  i hope you like it that much cause poeple talk about italy as v2 grece . 
  nice way to put it actually . 
  sick addintg content to subject brah , walk it off, 
   do you have an example of a country that defaulted and is now better off ? 
  i ca n't think of any . 
  iceland basically defaulted , on bank debt.also they refused austerity measures.they good now.and all cleared pretty fast . 
  if your capital is rome , and you had to pick , who will lead better nationwide policy , your people or brussels politicians , dont be naive . 
  implying da su cetnici u bilo kom smislu gori od ustasa . 
  [ vako nesto ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=77ggn-e607e ), 
  ko ih jebe, 
  to moze . 
  republikanac od koga partija pere ruke je dobar republikanac,
