  you are tagged as daygay, 
  or , oooooor , i dont give a fuck about what you have to say after this chain ? 
  could be that you know ? 
  nono , you have reading issue.i dont give a fuck what you have to say after the chain we were in . 
  on a side note , i genuine hate this balding fat faggot with staresmile and fake pro theme attached to him with real passion . 
  hope you can process this . 
  its not factual cause you said it is . 
  try again.day9 win rate vs korens , is great example . 
  edit : irrational hate for a youtuber, 
  well if he is presented as youtuber im ok.telling that he was god himself in sc scene and that is his ticket to ti , i get mad . 
  what is productive in this argument ? 
  are you by any chance a girl ? 
   blizzcon , heroes of the dorm , e3 for 3 years , his own starcraft/hearthstone tournaments , red bull lans , and a few more that i ca n't think of right now . 
  and even there , there were so much better alternatives for casters and hosts but hey `` na pro and his fangirls from fundays , our precious little blizz child who will get all the gigs and take place of far better casters '', 
  him going to ti is the absolute worst decision valve made since 2gd . 
  like i said before , i hate this faggot for his shameless moneyleeching gamehopping schemes based on some prior work he did that was given to him on basis that he was best of the shit scene . 
  he faked everything and got degree irl in faking . 
  i cant stress this enough , day9 is the type of person i will teach my kids not to be . 
  you have some issues if you are triggered to the extent you need to talk this out, 
   valve made a great decision , he will bring more viewers . 
  nobody watch this for casters honey.we are here for dota , fangirls are here for day9.we can live without the later, 
  but valve got 200e less from me.im really pleased for that actually and only good from this day9 at ti is that for me . 
  nothing of value from day9 ever . 
   but regardless if you call them fangirls or not , they are making more money . 
  no they dont . 
  games , big teams and dota itself make views and money.proof of that is the number of faceless youtube channels that dont have two face persona with fake ass smile to guide them trough milions of views every day . 
  you know , when redeye was out , i saw this day9 shit coming . 
  and its not because he was valves first choice , its because of brigades here.ill wait for the day when its exposed . 
   do you run valve ? 
  do you know what makes them the most money ? 
  what i know is that valve takes reddit too seriosly and based on that , i believe day9 did what he does best , faked and played naive and shilled with cold cash on bots and fangirls his way to ti . 
  he brings nothing to the table . 
   valve is a multibillion dollar company , they are n't looking at reddit and saying ` oh yeah that seems good ' thats actually retarded . 
  are you serious now ? 
  most of not all of shit you see in dota2 today got upvoted and implemented after reddit mass whine . 
  you are trolling me now if you think that r/dota2 didnt influence shitton of changes , including this brigaded day9 pick . 
   and you are right he was n't their first choice , redeye obviously would have been . 
  redeye was not invited , he didnt decline invitation to host it . 
  thats when i knew , some shit will go down . 
  i didnt expect diarrhea of day9 scale tough . 
  problem is , he got his spot on main panel cause fangirls screamed and yelled oh day9 oh give.and he got the spot over people who deserve that spot oh so much more . 
  now , we haters have our say . 
  its simple , he brings nothing to the table for me , i would rather watch commercials instead , and thats that . 
  what are you responding to ? 
  who talks about problems/bugs mister game developer.im not talking about bug fixes im talking about item changes , map changes , gameplay changes , talent changes everything documented well before implemented . 
  r/dota2 is now in icefrog minds same shit like old dota forums were.read this read that , hm this is interesting this could be implemented and shit . 
  but its just 1000 times more retarded . 
   valve 's devs are spending the vast majority of the time talking and theorizing , they 've thought about and talked about and probably decided upon almost anything that is posted on here well in advance . 
  that 's their job . 
  you are trolling me now . 
  like so many times people got spot on something that valve `` theorized '' before internaly and implemented that well after suggestion reddit thread ? 
  yea , seems more logical then valve getting ideas from reddit . 
  i bet valve wanted to hire day9 5 years ago but they just waited for day9 threads and day9 really didnt want to work with some shitty company like valve is . 
  flawless logic, 
  i didnt play in na but they would apparently if i did . 
   and no , they only wanted day9 this year because this is the first year he has been involved in dota at all . 
  aaaand he got involved in dota just because he likes playing it?and that just happened to be on reddit page everyday and got him place at ti ? 
  concidences , coincidences ... 
   he was involved in dota from august 2016 to january 2017, 
  what did the caster of dead games saw in august , hmmmmmmm ... 
   especially if it 's a. 
  your job or b. 
  hundreds of thousands of minds on reddit . 
  hell , i had the thought at one point . 
  a : he is fail pro , fail game developer , caster on dead games.he had to come here since lol scene probably gave him mid finger ,, 
   ** hundreds of thousands of minds on reddit . 
  or 100 wellplaced shills , since that his biggest thread , when he was named as being in ti , never broke couple of hundred comments.and thats with me in those thread , shitting all over him like in this one . 
  implying that 350k people here give a fuckabout him is real brave thing to do . 
  you just evaded the fact valve takes reddit too seriously . 
  so we agree that day9 bought his ti place then ? 
  because i know that devs feel the pulse of people but this is the first time i watched the guy use the same means to give himself a job abusing the same thing, 
  he is malicious to any game he touch . 
  stopped with supporting this compendium for sure . 
  valve picked day9 cause of reddit.day9 faked his way in like he faked most of his casting career . 
  the end.have a nice day . 
  you become sellout and you should be named as sellout without fangirls screaming at you enmasse, 
   wow , people in this day and age still have this archaic belief ? 
  i hate normalizing crazy people also . 
  why you want to know ? 
  i trust statistic and science , not university of bigotry . 
  no , it just means they do less jail time where is pretty hard to commit suicide and have more chance of commiting suicide because they are not being killed in gheto shootouts . 
  about asian and islanders , culture maybe.kamikaze tough ... 
  why you want to know ? 
  shhhh , dont tell him, 
  edit : so butthurt he had to log on forgoten alt . 
  have some kind of readint comprehension fangirl ? 
   oooo the invitationals makes him top 16 , cause all regions are invited ... 
  again reading comprehension fangurl, 
   or , oooooor , ** i dont give a fuck about what you have to say after this chain ? 
  ** could be that you know ? 
  i trust statistic and science , not university of bigotry . 
   probably more impressive is being a + on brood war iccup which is kind of like being grandmaster on the korean server . 
  not even close . 
  he pays shills to shill, 
  why you want to know ? 
  ** man ** , why are you trying to speak instead of others ? 
  so shilly, 
  gamehopping golddigger . 
  you are really troubled young man, 
  [ still salty about that retard thingy ?
