  `` nooooooooooooooooo '', 
  `` typing random shit from phone '', 
  maybe a skipped crying part . 
  its a feminist sub that is most toxic shit i have seen in quite a while.forget about it . 
  i dont know man , people trash alot on russians and stuff , but worst kind of players are from france and uk , friendly communicative but complete scrubshits . 
  man i hear `` olalala croissant '' and i seriously consider abandoning . 
  people forget that todays lpq is kinda same stuff like `` apem only pros '' in battle net.and we played the shit out of it anyway . 
  i remember when riki ult was wd ult . 
  the username , 
  anyhow its good they did n't get accepted , cause if they did , that would be open door to unesco for isis . 
  to su sine magarece brige . 
  its not vac ban , its just something working in background that meddle with memory , like cpuz or aida or something like that . 
  restart computer and all good.unless you installed similar programs in startup . 
  well what you consider by `` moons '' are actually natural satellites orbiting particular planet . 
  so , moon is the natural satellite that orbits the earth and have its own name . 
  same like our name for our star is sun , its still a star , star we named sun . 
  finally got all head hunters , had goty and lvl 72 for a while now . 
  im not skin guy though , but im thinking of buying them considering how much game time i got from + - 15e worth, 
  everything apart from 5 coin sets is marketable and tradable from 1 . january . 
  you cant have general rivalry until novi sad gets tram form of transport . 
  why would you worry about tons of negative on r/serbia ? 
  like 100 progoogle oriented people can change the fact that putin is the man . 
  optimism at its bestets . 
  8350 wipes floor with 3570k in premiere and 3ds rendering . 
  and by far greater margin than single core bloating tests make it look . 
  unpopular opinion is that fed won everything without competition , what you said with :, 
   put a prime nadal, 
  this isnt clay court so it doesnt matter , even on peak career day not only year . 
   and prime federer in this season, 
  federers best season is now behind this djoko season . 
   people are clearly forgetting how good federer actually used to be, 
  name 2 rivals of fed , without mentioning djokovic and nadal . 
  if you say agasi or sampras , im deleting internet . 
   absolutely not , guys like safin , hewitt , roddick , and davydenko, 
  you are joking right ? 
  inb4 `` but in feds prime '', 
  its not clay court , nadal is top 20 player when not on clay . 
  since monika seles . 
  look , ill give you 4 numbers , here it goes 1 9 2 2 . 
  what number is on clay ? 
  married man with hot wife . 
  i didnt say he is mediocre player , he is just overrated player . 
   so your argument lies on the fact that because valve did a good thing somewhere , they can do bad elsewhere and that be okay . 
  who the fuck forces you to buy compendium anyhow?in all honesty , valve could fucking do a popups mid game with `` support dota with ## $ '' and go away with it.its free and as any business they need to make money . 
  you know what?that `` find match '' , without any cosmetics , albums and other shits is worth straight up 60e aaa price.dota 2 is that robust and well engineered.we act like entitled little cunts and thats that nothing else . 
  if you think that dota 2 is good and you are sinking hours into like no other game , show some support with money or dont , is up to you.but dont cry about not getting enough stuff for your donation money for perfectly running addicting beautiful free game.jesus fucking christ . 
  it pretty much is if you play chess online.where is real time in moba ? 
  you are in for easy ride in dota 2 when you pass the hero/item learning and remembering stuff . 
  mechanically you are set ( you were not protoss right ? ), 
  easy ride here for sure, 
  looking at last nights match , yea, 
  stop calling the genre `` moba '' then.its fucking action real time strategy genre . 
  i dont follow you here, 
   and if you do n't , good luck with all those sets you do n't like but you ca n't trade/sell . 
  only 5 coin sets are not tradable , everything else is from 1 . january .2016.20 + other sets are completely marketable and tradable with those infuser thingies.you got what you dont need?trade it for what you want , its simple as that . 
  4e for 5 easy to get coin sets that will be kinda exclusive in some time is too much?is this what we whine about now ? 
  no its not , it went like this . 
  lol came out , and you know how people called that crap ? 
  dotalike game . 
  pr hits in combined with ego and shits their forums with jesusallmighty worst retarded shit ever forged in term `` moba '' and now we are talking about dota being in genre that defines quake , diablo and fucking castle crashers all together even though is direct offspring of rts game engine with pronounced action.fuck that . 
  its arts or even better , dota . 
   steam offline mode still hides you , so worry not , fellow bot players . 
  in source 1 if you were in a clan , everyone from that clan could see you online in dota even if you went offline mode in steam . 
  i dont know why people cry but storm is still in decent shape , bloodstone heroes got hit hard last patch , but storm and lina got least raped by that . 
  pornhub syndrome is when you see `` sheever riding '' as autoclick . 
  its really basic stuff.term moba is too general to define pretty specific gameplay of dota , and its generaly used to supress describing other game of similar/same genre as `` dotalike '', 
  action real time strategy defines this game alot more and it excludes other `` multiplayer online battle arena '' ( cs , diablo , wow to some extent , online chess , magicka and stuff , list goes on ) games from it . 
  in advance , if someone talk about that ee es game or moon es game . 
   either term is fine imo , sure moba is n't specific but people know what you mean when you say it . 
  people would know something is dotalike even when its said like that.moba term is kinda pr enforced by competition . 
  [ cry or not to cry ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/ae/fe/3a/aefe3a9cb34a19cdd620cec89019805f.jpg ), 
  you are right , my problem with this is that term moba is completely generic and artificial . 
  nobody called genre moba before some other company pr stunt to evade their game called out as `` dotalike '' . we , dota players , shouldnt use that moba shit term . 
  i think not starting steam also hides if we wan na go brutal , 
   however , we ca n't deny that dota 2 is a moba, 
  magic the gathering is moba then and that the problem , moba is made up to specify 3 lane arts genre.it does not . 
  problem with term moba is like using term `` sport '' while talking about pretty particular subcategory of it . 
  i scored 3 goals last night playing sports.football?handball?waterpolo?hockey ? 
  til : happy people never received blowjob while destroying people in dota, 
   i am not against using the term rts/arts , i am just saying that people who say dota is not a moba are wrong . 
  moba term didnt exist 6 years before lol.made up then and there on releas date to not be called dotalike , we dota players use it.fuck logic is all i say . 
  gojkovic maja , budala do jaja, 
  nice butthurt, 
  right , turks in turkey and abroad fight for diferent cause.just drop it plz, 
  would you risk world peace with possible russia turkey war?turkey is the most troublesome member of nato in quite a while, 
  everything you said apply in fictional turkey without erdogan.we saw polls we saw results , turkey is dead weight in current form . 
  i know how defensive pacts break son , seen 1 go down for far less, 
  my arguments cant be brought down so i understand you . 
  cause us is not stupid like turkey is.watch what happens in day that follow . 
   the un also helped the people of kosovo, 
  what the actuall f. `` kosovo '' * is best example on how to divide world , make fictional not even running on its own state , led by mobsters , just so nato can have base on territory serbia didnt want to comply with . 
  his spirit lives on . 
  when you trust them about womd once , its hard to trust them again, 
  us right ? 
  same goverment said sadam had weapons of mass destruction . 
  [ svidelo joj se , moze da prica sta oce ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a7sirnjjhy0 ), 
  you mean like sending them gear you got on another character?thats completely ok . 
  thats not duping of anything that breaks normal play.legit as legit gets, 
  this is kinda smartest thing to do in given situation . 
  russia will have its ways with turkey in nato or not , and nato will save face and pretty much world stability with not being engaged with 1sided shit move of a dictator.sends signal to everyone in nato that its defensive pact not other way around and relaxes relations with russia and somewhat china greatly .
