  you dont have to work in it , you understand that ? 
  go pornhub or something you do all the time , i still stand on what i said . 
  i understand that , but like the overall feel to the millennial generation is code or bust.like there is no alternative . 
  it market as a whole is so fucking saturated , manual labor is getting a comeback , but looks like young people think thats not in their class to work like that . 
  your username made me comment , so no . 
  not mining mining , like rafineries and shit , quaries , you get the picture . 
  i never saw a starving carpenter , like never ever . 
  volunteer , be apprentice to some experienced guy , make hours have some work behind you and you will make it.yea , welding is really nice profession also , i forgot about it . 
  btw , sitting will kill you sooner than that asbestos . 
  the old generations that worked that manual stuff is dying out , its just the way it goes.sooner or later , we will face the problem of not having enough people to fill that gap with huge portion of this generation thinking of manual labor as something to be ashamed of . 
  everything good with the world is the legacy of the older generations , tough . 
  its 2 way street actually , but you are responsible for your present time , nobody else . 
  i can feel with downvotes he is not alone . 
  i 'm 1983 , i said nothing to noone . 
  and even if someone told me what to do with my life , i would still go frank sinatra on it . 
  fine by me !, 
  i love the $ sign in uk markets . 
  trump , cause clintons . 
  whats to spin here , civilians die in wars . 
  3800 per year is as minimal as it can get . 
  the whole multimilion country is a war zone , u cant seriously expect that there will be no civilians killed . 
  no war ever had 0 civilians killed ,3800 per year as morbid as it sounds , is good . 
  edit : nato inteverntion in libya , for just little over 6 months of intervention . 
   in syria , russia is going to great lengths to target civilians . 
  biggot . 
  i provided you with link that plainly shows nato doing more than twice civilian causalities in same time frame in fairly smaller sized conflict and you still dont get it do you ? 
  how delusional you have to be man ? 
  if russia intented to do what you claim they are doing , there wouldnt be any refugee in europe . 
  fair i guess, 
  alot of people from us think their crimes should n't be prosecuted . 
  just went trough this libertarian sjw mess of comments , thank you all very much for giving me mental diarrhea . 
  military personnel for sure . 
  are you serious ? 
  they can stop doing war crimes in the first place, 
  you are prosecuting people and leaders and military personel left and right from other countries , whole court in brussels does that . 
  you are just delusional in a way you will be treated like every other country is treated for a long time now . 
   but international courts offer no practical solutions in this case . 
  but since yesterday , those same international courts suited your needs and you sent foreign leaders there . 
  well you , i dont know whats hard to grasp in the concept , everything you sued and trialed marked as `` enemy '' is now comming back as a lawsuit . 
  and if you think you are excluded from international right just because you have your own laws and dont accept anything else , some hitler guy tried same bullshit , i didnt watch the movie till the end , but he looked pretty fucked after middle of that movie . 
  its evening out . 
  you can sue now , im not sure you follow thread you are in . 
  they dont mean shit when you are in foreign country that follows international laws . 
  jesus fucking christ , last time someone tried to do this ammount of law fuckery it was the nazis and you should know how international justice went on them in 1945 . 
  man , its not whataboutism , its fucking hypocrisy , stop yelling american bullshit catchphrase that somehow in their minds wash them off responsibility . 
  your defenition of loss is wide i presume, 
  classic downvote when you mention hypocrisy whole western world gobbles on . 
  it wont happen like that , but could be usefull in future us foreign politics . 
  enough of internet for me today . 
  it would be nice to see this ammount of women on the `` ban the alimony '' protests . 
  what about men that dont want women who got pregnant with them to deliver ? 
   til protesting is terrorism . 
  some forms are , he is not wrong . 
  this is in a way protest for women rights that 's segregating men rights on a same level . 
  bigger problem i see here is the ransom pregnancies that will be handed over to women exclusively . 
  you can decide what you want with your body , i agree , but on a same level , your decision , since you do n't want to be asked about it , should be on your sole shoulders and not backed with alimony from unwilling side . 
  train  out of poland  get done  come back . 
  from top of my head . 
  wtf , how would anybody know or get evidence even if you closest family reports you to police ? 
  why not ? 
  i wouldnt pay for a car every month for 21 years just because i tried it for a lap . 
  no way they would go that far.absolutely no way . 
  admit it or not , pregnancies are still used as ransom tool that leada to both being equatable . 
  you lost me at `` ah '', 
  # ** no way they would go that far.absolutely no way . 
  why you have to be so mean . 
  it should be right of every fetus that was n't aborted to abort any fetus they wish . 
  nor will be ever able to if this protests wins . 
   adult relationship . 
  lem me check where is being adult described as erasing responsibility . 
  ill get back when i find it , could be while . 
  i was once for sure , its my privilege to cherish my life as i please mind you . 
  also you were fetus once , if you decided to declare yourself otherwise , thats your thing . 
   but you ca n't cherish something that never happened . 
  im , not really sure , you expressed yourself good here . 
  im not from poland , but theres no way anywhere in europe atleast that kind of ban can make house searches and forced medical exams . 
  last time was like 1941-1945 and it didnt go well . 
   i see no further need to research the hiv cure now that i have reddit gold . 
  gold was the cure all along.ask magic johnson . 
  it would be like that , if women didnt have sole right to do whatever they want without seeking aproval from other side . 
  ransom pregnancies . 
  you can fight for segregated right like this and expect 100 % support , i 'm kinda sad with this whole thread . 
  tebi bar kafa pomogne, 
   this is exactly why obama did n't want to pass the 9/11 law suit bill . 
  its not about what you want , its about common sense . 
  you do war crimes , you get prosecuted . 
  not like us do n't support isis right now . 
  us out of the middle east zone is ez mode for russia . 
  that was on top of r/jokes last week, 
  unless you are a child, 
  dollar unlinked from oil , dark ages in us, 
  man , when people like you get a grip of reality you are going to be so unpleasantly surprised . 
  i see what you did there . 
  you in first place need to be a lunatic that thinks nato did that cause of iran . 
  tl ; dr : nobody gave a fuck cause everybody needs oil . 
  are you serious now or what ? 
  listen honey , if russia had the intent to use those nukes in the scope you said before , they could just detonate them in russian territory and kill everybody in a year globaly . 
  you are tripping some nuclear deterrence measures that never can exist in the first place , the anti missile shield placed everywhere is placed with a reason against russia to limit them in conventional warfare.low hopes of that however since we see russia circumventing all of that with expanded bases of their own . 
  its a signal to us and nato , they can be shot down by syrian army from now on . 
  when i place a anti missle sistem in some region , and it have like effective range od 500 km , what stops me from just reinstalling 1000km system in 5-10 years ?
