  something something desert terrain then start hyping us.thanks . 
  you talk about lina here ? 
  people bitched on playdota that invisibility had no place in game like this so do n't take everything said there seriously . 
  9/11 would shackle, 
  where did i hear that before ... hm ... 
  d3 vanilla and d3 now are n't comparable.d3 now is worth of its name.if you forget all the shit d3 was since release . 
  sc2 have core problem is price and most importantly difficulty of the game itself.they still have solid , not great , but solid esport scene , but overall population that play sc2 online is a fraction of people who bought the game.sc2 is just too hardcore to be accepted in broad audience but that does n't make it mismanaged . 
  if you want to trash blizzard , just say it like this : blizzard is the company that did n't notice that they have something called `` dota '' in their wc3 client for 8 years . 
  there goes my argument of to tight rubber ... 
  who backed those rebels with arms and after with aerial bombing ? 
  god , it was less than decade ago and people allrdy try to spin it . 
  yes , all those countries just went in for `` peace purpose '' not for oil . 
  dont you even start with `` peacefull demonstrations '' , this is what organizes those http://www.globalresearch.ca/who-is-behind-regime-change-revolution-business-ngo-supported-by-wall-street-and-us-intelligence/5370229, 
  be created this piece of shit here in serbia in 2000 , it was just repeated all over middle east , northern africa and europe since . 
  i worked with the guy mentioned , that same guy was behind every single uprising , i really dont need you to tell me principles of world politics , actually whatever you say from your condo , is just brainwashed western view , you are complete clueless and unaware of shits you elect your gouverment to do , and i get that , but chill , there is no need for some `` tinfoilhatting '' ad hominem.you dont know recent history even , and i talk to you about curent events , their history and their unfolding as we speak.i really dont know why i tried . 
  its pretty shady buisness , you think it doesnt exist , you are just clueless nothing else.dont brag about it . 
  edit : oh its this and that site and its not cnn , must be false.right.thats why russia is hitting there now and thats why its asad still the boss there.revolutioins on this principle are from now on halted by russian aeroplanes and warships.putin is bombing the shit out of shit you left there after arab springs.have fun with refugees and continue to believe they just showed up from nowhere . 
  if you talk about fame , its dendi all the way.and dendi himself isnt really tier 2 player , navi as a team is bad in many ways . 
  you need a general with a baseball bat to coordinate xboct, 
  lina euls into lsa like in source 1 , but dragon just doesnt cast right after in reborn , either that or laguna fails 90 % of the time . 
  you conspiracy theorist you . 
  well if monsanto is legit business than who knows really . 
  last question . 
  monsanto 0 - plants 10.000, 
  you should read that link , its faq , hence questions.not hard.just scroll down ( either with scroll on you mouse or by pressing and holding your left mouse key on little sliding thing on far right of that link and then moving mouse closer to you ) . 
  [ jos kad naidjem na mekanu , joj miline ] ( http://www.nadlanu.com/upload/thumbs/images/articles/2013/09/05/roki_1378377645_670x0.jpg ), 
  cmon now , from personal experience , nobody blinked when `` kosovo '' asked for independence on same principle backed up by nato bombs . 
  when you support russia actions , without any violence occurred in crimea , you are shill . 
  you did n't see their paychecks . 
  there wasnt single resolution in un in favor of bombing . 
  so if its in nato favor , then its legit ? 
  like i said , hypocrisy . 
  that guy was stability factor there , but hey , lets just pay opposition to kill him for democracy values and sweet sweet oil . 
  in practice , alot of stuff we see in universe doesnt exists anymore . 
  what we are observing is universe replay . 
  everything is assault there , godbless justice industry . 
  vacation is eternal, 
  storm gives 0 fucks about him . 
  if they ban labor day i know what cause it . 
  just pull adds more to the right now , and put chat right next to friends and there we go , functional client . 
  im not saying taxi service is great , but that uber is shady af . 
  [ google is really methodical ] ( http://in.reuters.com/article/2010/11/15/us-germany-cdu-christianity-idintre6ae3k520101115 ), 
  i would argue if that was his `` peak '' or if it was `` lack of competition '' . 
  djokovic played his best even nadal and fed were playing good , see his 2011 . 
  jel ima neki [ klip ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p8lpyyhx8iy ) ? 
  you know how inefficient they are when mozambique is faster ... 
  if infest takes 2 second to land i would agree its cooldown is too long . 
  asking the important questions, 
  this is the reason why medicine research should be government regulated practice . 
  malakas grande.we are same in so many ways . 
  [ akademski pristup poredjenju lingvistike srodnih jezika ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lhwysrcxxkw ), 
  bar je rekla da ti je tvrdji, 
  `` planting the seeds of democracy '' sounds better, 
  do you love mexican muslims ? 
  and + 30 dmg for agi, 
   since someone pm 'd me and said my parent is not yugoslavian , but `` slovenian , croatian , serbian ... 
  nope , cause yugoslavia , serbian - jugoslavija , continued to exist till 2006 , as union of serbia and montenegro . 
  so you can be born in sfry or srj and your yugoslavian ancestry will be totally different.in 1 case you can be any of 6 nationalities , in later case you can be one of 2 . pointing this for less confusion by adding additional confusion . 
  still , even if it doesnt apply to you , people should know that fact.serbia and montenegro ,2 countries named sr jugoslavija till 2006 . 
  similair to bosna and republika srpska . 
  its stupid in a case you reached real life max level , you would crush universe with eternal instant dying respawning cycle . 
  just ironing curtains . 
  21.1 mb +1 to every diggit, 
  something fo sho, 
  its shit whole evening , i tried alternatives like redtube , but music is awfull, 
   banning serbians is probably a bad idea but is in response to cargo traffic ban . 
  u do undestand that serbian cargo ban is countermeasure to croatian cargo ban that lasts for 5 days now.and now they even banned people based on passports only.legit eu value . 
  known as `` yolo '' train in region . 
  you can leach it even if you are not refugee , winky winky . 
  just show franklin 's and everything will be allright . 
   ps : i 'm also a journalist and i 'm writing an article and need a nice cafe in belgrade for quiet writing time . 
  can you recommend one ? 
  my article is on israeli/palestinian issues . 
  just ask anyone of younger age where are `` splavovi '' , atmosphere there in the evenings is best for quiet writting time.oh and `` skadarlija '' friday and saturday night . 
  ps : dont tell you are syrian cause prices of everything tend to atleast double . 
  edit : nisam bas promislio ovaj post do kraja, 
  i really need to keep that `` rekt '' list saved somewhere , cause this was literally screaming for it . 
  partial data at best .20.5 % of immigrants that asked for asylum in germany , that can just mean everyone else was faster . 
  nono , i dont believe that but i dont trust official statistics also.it can be used and abused.you heard about statistical funfact that 9 out of 10 people enjoy gangrape ? 
  what i know is that there is more than 4 million syrians as refuges.if you tell me that there is only 20 % of them here in lets say 500k people that are refuges/immigrants here , that doesnt tell me that there is only 100k syrians here , it tells me there are potential 3.9 milion coming this way.everyone who isnt syrian and isnt invited by germany should be and will be rejected . 
  what that stat tells me is that we are in this for a fucking long time . 
  you could , if you i can register you at the door , and you go on your way out in 72 hours and i dont need to let you in again if i dont want to.same like with refuges . 
  just ironing muh curtains , putin probably, 
  people dont want to comprehend downfall of us global politics began , so everything is propaganda or fake . 
  / popcorn . 
  only thing that i could blame russia for in this is cause they did n't react like this in libya . 
  us is out of syria for sure , the way they will explain that to their allies and citizens will be interesting to see . 
  you imply that nato follows un about anything . 
  opposition is not there to oppose everything current government does , if thing being voted is clearly in russian interest , its good for their votes and country itself to back it up , instead of bull rushing against . 
  they want to investigate what new kind of icbms russia have . 
  us actually did some shit , they started this whole mess . 
  russia is just starting to clean that shit up , so technically yes , not doing shit at all . 
  typical american bullshit . 
  anyhow , we are talking strictly syria here , we can go to whatever other place and discuss that , but in this place , us fucked up intentionally , for its own interest , and without any regard to human rights . 
  well lobbyist democracy is not for everyone . 
  i would argue why us system of bribe-able congressman is worse than democratically elected single ruling party with no obligations to anyone but it own people . 
  ill have to agree with orban on this ( ill have to shower immediately after this post ) , refugee crisis can be only solved by global quotas per country . 
  everything u said is blatant amount of bullshit on par with weapons of mass destruction sadam supposedly had . 
  he just started with that us is to blame for everything in the universe , cause people start pointing at us for whole northern africa fiasco , specifically today syria . 
  like us did n't finance numerous rebel fractions in syria for years , like us did n't leave mess in iraq that led to most of problems to begin with and they still have the right to lecture anyone .
