ljudi , gledam na male developere , dajte neko poteznu heksagonalnu strategiju.ljudi zeljni a niko ne pravi . 
  i za taj termin `` moba '' da pitam , zar u multiplayer online battle arena ne spada i counter strike , wow arena , quake i tone drugih zanrova . 
  losa logika . 
  edit : provukao mi se gipsy dijalekt . 
  svejedno , ma koliko ovo bilo vickasto , do not aprove . 
  2008 godina . 
  why do you hate taxi drivers ? 
  e sad , gradjani su placali , neplacali kartu istom tom gsp-u davali pare kroz druge dazbine koje su mesecno placali gradu beogradu i bila je mirna backa . 
  still better than fueling their economy and good living of its citizens from blood of innocent people of fuelrich 3rd world countries.right ? 
  ajde bre , dosta te mantre . 
  our friend zelandias is 4.000 mmr he knows everything below that is shit tier, 
  tipican si primerak subnor unuceta, 
  in your inventory page you have search field , just type something like `` not trad '' in it and voila . 
  need some clarification on this . 
  are arcanas marketable or not like rest of sets ? 
  well sets you get from compendium charm or 1000 coins arent , but if you buy them they are , so probably arcanas can be gifted once then untradable ? 
  its was priced like that month ago , and w3 is 25e on some other sites ... 
  disappointing really . 
  i think lack of interest in responding to this is because people think you are trolling , 
  just install starcraft 2 , play ranked till you are diamond/master , go back to dota and profit . 
  `` the ukrainian government requested natos help , and nato responded '', 
  government installed after nondemocratic violent foreign organized protests , asked for that help . 
  us pattern is pretty clear , shit all over some country in us based media , shit over their officials , then install `` new freer government '' after bloodshed on streets , whole eastern europe was picked apart by this shit , greece is next 100 % . 
  who gives a fuck, 
  you said massacre, 
  and that is what happened , massacre as retaliation for kravica and many other villages . 
  800 pow killed isnt genocide . 
  lets talk about jasenovac now . 
  would hit that even younger , and would keep my mouth fucking shut . 
  some facts, 
  w8w8 , did you just put hague in same sentence with highest court on earth that applies high legal standards ? 
  we in serbia are pretty much sick of listening to this kind of crap . 
  srebrenica massacre was retaliation strike vs naser oric forces hiding amongst civilians in safe heaven of srebrenica.period . 
  you know it , everyone involved in that war knows it , nato knows , russia know . 
  atrocities were done against serb villages around srebrenica and in srebrenica itself , every last serbian house was burned down and people , man , women , children or elderly were shot on the spot ,3500 people total . 
  when bosnian serbs went to hunt down oric for it , he freaking fled town leaving his man there to fight or die . 
  they just pretty much died.women and children were just deported from city , you have it documented on youtube even ffs.you have dutch soldiers confession videos of that event . 
  bosnian logic fueled by western propaganda for 20 fucking years really needed a halt , this was getting so much out of hand that even you started to believe in your fabricated stories , throwing political shit over peoples lives as usual just to have a reason ( being genocidal nation ) to force republica srpska , as technically state in bosnia , to stay in bosnia and not break free . 
  you had your way with nato backing for so long in every ludicrous attempt to blame serbia for every shit wrong in bosnia , but those times are over now.not even sorry . 
  after watching just google names of villages listed . 
  pretty much sums up all of the shit we tolerated to bosnia till veto . 
  fuck that from now on . 
  russia says no . 
  lol epik, 
  syria , ukraine , iran your time is up, 
  imagine if you told anyone decade or 2 earlier , that people be unified in shitting over flag with 2-3 child 's , a man , and a woman on it cause its discriminating someones rights ? 
  edit : saw only 2 instead of 3, 
  you mean perverted fucks with power are exclusive to some prior era ? 
  nah , they are just concentrated in uk nowadays . 
  you , as in you for yourself , loan some money from banks and you are responsible to pay that with interest.ok , fair deal.you are responsible nobody else . 
  now in situation where someone else ( any greek representative ) takes loans on your name , his mandate finish and he retires , flees to south america or some kind of shit , debt that you didnt ask for and debt you personally probably didnt even need , stays.and imf is pretty much money making machine that have 0 moral ,0 social awareness and wont be disgusted by offering some back pocket money to that elected president or representative to take loans that do more harm than good.like greece wasnt allrdy known by coruption , just imagine the scale of use and abuse there though years . 
  and who gets fucked over , same little guy who wasnt even asked , cause in `` democracy '' you have 1 vote every 4 years and everything between is fingerscrossed . 
  fuck that . 
  dont piss your pants , but you cant say `` nigeria '' there, 
  wow.really . 
  ok `` rest '' of the world and you from lets assume 1st world country have pretty different wages.right ? 
  and now lets say for the sake of argument you are earning 3k dollars a month compared to 300 or less of the less fortunate guy . 
  lets say for the sake of argument and `` cause hes purchasing power on daily basis is far stronger than yours '' thet you both can save about 20 % of you monthly income . 
  wtf can a guy do with 60 bucks compared to your 600 ? cars cost same everywhere , electronics cost same , every single shit that isnt food cost same . 
  `` im not rich enough to buy cheap things '', 
  yea , those bloody pirates destroyed jurassic world , poor bastards did n't even break 600.000.000 $ in 27 days . 
  allright , you know what?if we are in circlejerk about serbs again lets go full agility :, 
  srebrenica didnt even happen in scale people talk nowadays , numbers thrown out are pulled out of ass literally . 
  mladic and karadzic are heroes in their own way . 
  vucic is still flamboyant gaylord . 
   it felt like ** they barely even used her ** at ti4 . 
  do you want to lose sovereignty ? 
  cause this is how you lose sovereignty . 
  you dont need source if you live in country who went trough that kind of shit . 
  dont have time now but will post you chronologically what will happen in ukraine in next 15 years, 
  r/sickofcapitalistshit is way to go, 
  u could at least use lube, 
  who needs 2 livers anyway etwitchemployeeface, 
  this is bullshit on so many levels . 
  you can only make fun of extremist on interwebz , go right ahead . 
  dead serious . 
  dollar cant be printed in us state bank, 
  cause us dont want to share the cake, 
  guy just went from casual mode to hardcore heroic mode . 
  you enjoy your vacation , you do n't just rush it . 
  exactly how i imagined it as a kid watching cartoons . 
  edit : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w6qvvdi1tdm 6:20, 
  edit : tajpo, 
  ako farmas karmu odes na / r/europe i samo krenes , fuck putin , danke dojchland , greek peasants , samo gold i upvoteovi . 
  so much potential in title alone, 
  i have seen more rage in sedated puppies . 
  well technically , we did n't flew by planet pluto , we merely send man-made piece of machinery to it . 
  found blond one . 
  barrens chat took over reddit, 
   kazu da su dobri ljudi, 
  second and third place usually have same amount of wins . 
  and something to consider also : third place have to be won , to be second you just have to lose . 
  its easier , more optimized , and more elegant in the end to have hitboxes than to have every polygon as solver in this equation.we are talking about 10k polys here and about 10 separate hitboxes on the other end . 
  imagine hitbox as a goal in soccer.do you really need data for x/y axis of goal scored?or is it just being a goal enough ? 
  just watched couple of fifa 15 videos , its still hitboxes just more than usual , looks like every finger have 1 , and every joint is included . 
  if it was aplied directly to the models , you would see slight deforming of the model its self , which is not the case in fifa . 
  models are plastic , but still separated at joint points , more that usual but still separated at joints.hitboxes . 
  i dont know but if you want dp uh isnt it easier to just famr 640 torque tokens and get it from a vendor ? 
   do serbian men usually prefer to marry a housewife or a a working woman ? 
   depends ... more often than not , a working woman is what a man prefers .
