  he is a gamehopping garbage , who burries every game he lays his greedy hands on , teenage youtube idol nowadays without any hosting work apart random e3 performance who shilled his way to ti without having any traction whatsoever apart of valve blindly reading front page of this autistic screaching group.mister 3k dota veteran of 6 months without 1 fucking cast of dota before ti ever . 
  i dont give a fuck what you think , day9 is a cunt . 
  if you didnt understood me , why the fuck you answer . 
  you understand i had to learn your language , so your 3 brain cells can fucking be communicated with and you bitch about some oxford grammar . 
   a weird way to word a question , and extremely leading . 
  i never said he was catering to new players . 
  i said he was opening the gateway for new players to join higher level discussion . 
  day9 , opens a gateway , to higher level discussion , to new players . 
  jesus fucking christ , you cant argue fangirls , they with screach insane things allt he time till you just give up . 
  how the fuck does day9 opens a gateway to new players to higher level of discussion when everything he says is fucking shut down cause he sounds borderline 3k retarded . 
  please do explain how is completely clueless guy important here ? 
  i tought i got rid of him from sc2 , but no , cunt follows . 
  actually its just his fake smilestare and his obvious attempts to charm teenagers for views . 
  he is a manchild kind with cunt traits . 
  completely loose , being best at na at the time is like being best in lan gamehouse tournament of solitaire . 
  he was pro only because there was no competition , there is a really good reason , why he didnt even try to compete in sc2 . 
   plott 's first major results came in 2004 when he was able to take 12th place in the world cyber games ( wcg ) usa tournament . 
  ** plott then went on to represent the u.s. at the wcg grand finals where he finished in the top 200 . 
  top 200 on fucking invitational . 
  other hosts never tryhard to prove they know shit because it not their job . 
  day9 stupidifying biggest proffesional dota 2 tournament on the excuse that he is.lol.bringint it to the masses and makeing a bridge of tought between random reddit newb amd pros is laughable . 
  you remember how sunsfan went with newbie stream?nobody fucking cared about it.but hey its day9 now so lets try same proven fail aproach once again because he , being 6 month 3k shit is surely the best guy for the job . 
  actually.if you did read.my fanatical history , you can find tons of reasons why this cunt is just a mistake brought to you by retareded autistic shit from r/dota2, 
  they should be silent then and just watch . 
  i know you are done when you cling on grammar , get fucked, 
  well , atleast they didnt lose to 6-10 groups team . 
   u wouldnt say this shit to him at lan , ** hes jacked ** . 
  like micheline [ logo ] ( https://seeklogo.com/images/m/michelin-logo-fbf7a33af4-seeklogo.com.png ) . same hair and all . 
  he is a faggot 100 %, 
   sounded more like laughter than disappointment . 
  you deaf son, 
   dude , no way gaming companies are making games to earn money !, 
  how dare them !, 
  oh shut it . 
  when valve took over dota , they were humble us fuck and gratefull to community that created envorioment for dota to strive up . 
  5 years later = lolololol fuck you lets cashgrab . 
  almost at point i wish blizzard kept the rights . 
  so waterpolo with balkans dominating exist why ? 
  reminder that this exact kind of post is ignoring the fact that hearthstone is already took slice , rofl , left slice of the cake . 
   i paid for the levels to unlock what i had ( incorrectly ) thought would be a permanent reward , since it makes no sense to take away a feature that has been implemented and costs them literally nothing ( outside of maybe future dollars ) to leave it in the game . 
  well , valve is clearly to blame for lack of reading skills of our homeboy , because making assumptions is easier than reading . 
  edit : ( i personaly like the chatwheel , but i can see why its not good idea to have basicaly a taunt in allready toxic as shit game ), 
  remember newbie stream and why it was canceled ? 
  cancel day9 and give us proper host, 
  listen champ , i had to learn your language , crooked but anyhow , so its possible to communicate with couple of brain cells , you have so pay some respect to smarter people than you . 
   exactly , my biggest question this far , why is lumi even at the event , he is not qualified for such an event !, 
  if day9 is host , everyone can be on ti from now on . 
  obvious / s is obvious , i wont edit that for you . 
   newbie stream was cancelled because no one wanted to cast it . 
  wtf are you talking about , sunsfan was bummed when they canceled it.really wtf . 
   it got boring for the casters , so they changed it to the new system of getting some newbie insight on the host, 
  are you serious ... 
   there 's nothing wrong with having someone making sure that the panelists do n't go off on a topic without making it clear what they are talking about . 
  day9 ,3 k 6months veteran , will dictate the flow of panel ... 
  i dont even, 
  its ok, 
  you cant explain him , he is used to talk all by himself . 
  youtube personas are not good listeners . 
  ex starcraft player , ex starcraft caster . 
  he is just youtube persona now . 
  and e3 is not known for getting trash hosts and announcers ? 
  anything else apart that e3 gig?between his game developing skills fail up to ti?some minor dota tournament cast maybe ? 
  he was mediocre caster then , dont try to make him like he is great like his brother is , and ti is not mediocre tournament . 
  lan sc2 tournaments with 1 % of ti budget are not good enough . 
  if he was not at ti , he was nothing more then youtube persona nowadays . 
  hosts dont need to play the game , and quite frankly , bringing day9 3k questions to panel is five steps backward in terms of quality discussion compared to redeye and machine who leave room to far more skilled people on panel to talk . 
  hard time accepting chinese overlords, 
  sofa pros comment on ti pros.classic reddit . 
  they would smile , if they had hard time to win . 
  if they smiled after this series , r/dota2 would accuse them of mocking . 
  lgd, 
  because twitch is less retarded than crew here . 
   as a long timer starcraft player i dont see the reason for the vitriol in the chat . 
  that starcraft and no connection to dota scene for 15 years could be one of the reasons . 
  `` he plays dota so he is better than redeye/machine '' r/dota2, 
  goldfish brain is ok, 
  bots . 
  unrefined unbotted hate on twitch tells the real story . 
   day9 had to force the panel to talk much more than the previous years , when there was always a clown in it . 
  he fucking chokes every panelist talk . 
  i swear if he shuts his mouth for 1 full minute while pros talk , he would explode . 
  ig vs liquid , first game . 
  if this is chinese doto now , foreigners ( too soon ? ), 
  can get rekt everywhere , i wont mind . 
  you dont need arguments or discussion to understand day9 is a mistake . 
  ** day9 is shit ti host . 
  thats everything that needs to be said.only fangirls can say otherwise . 
  i gave up talking with his fangirls.i type only this :, 
  ** day9 is shit ti host . 
   such game and all he had to say is such dumb shit, 
  try watching his youtube channel, 
  to stfu, 
  and skip intelligent people talk ? 
  and you cant just skip him , he talk all the fucking time . 
  it was not classic boring long game tough , they were actively trying to get openings . 
  there is no bad commentary from any panelist so far apart from host . 
  by interrupting and acting borderline retarded ? 
  day9 is awful . 
  everything else is fine . 
  get meds then .
