  hah im immune.still have craving for wotlk raids , ulduar and icecrown , goood fucking times man . 
  3 in 24 hours ,1 extra was on first patch after battle pass went out . 
  ah , the country with all year long winter battle pass terrain . 
  he respawn before he dies . 
  cemu throaway croasan ? 
  edit :, 
   omladinom, 
   discrimination on nationality alone is forbidden, 
  actually this is not the case with trump decision . 
  every nationality can be american citizen but they have to do it in legal way . 
  upala ti kasika u pilav bre , sky is the limit . 
  i remeber the time when r/worldnews was nice place , not great , but leaps and bounds better than r/news and sure as hell not garbage shithole like r/politics or r/europe . 
  good times . 
  nah , its just eu politicants thanking redditors for their work makes me sick . 
  edit : your account is very active in recent past , almost looks like a full time job . 
  you fit the repeating patern, 
  sad ces ti da nam objasnis kako je rat zajeban a zoves sintere za kuce . 
  ne zanimaju nas tvoje seksualne preferencije , samo kazi neces da ratujes . 
  do n't know man , his ex wife and mother together dont think he can do anything properly , and yet businessinsider thinks we should listen . 
  come more often then r/news subscriber, 
  pretty much doubt it, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0nqf9kifbxu ), 
  lale 2017, 
  thats not the point , point is it wasnt bad couple of weeks ago as it is since then . 
  exactly , its was like confort middle ground . 
  ateisti however . 
  lale 2017, 
  you should check r/gonewild , quite nice place, 
  nice way to name buerocracy shitstorm ill guve that, 
  rofl , did you just called current state of affairs in favor of critical thinking ? 
  maybe downvotes cause you didnt make it real crystal clear, 
  maybe its you champ , 
  enjoy downvotes master writter !, 
  thats good actually cause even in that regard you would be on wellfare.have a great day honey !, 
  masterbait, 
  edgy ko panj . 
  francuska . 
   there , he met boris tadi\u0107 , a pro-western psychology professor and future president of serbia whom the young jeremi\u0107 came to regard as a ** role model and mentor . 
  neke druge price su se pricale . 
   ** grad **, 
   it 's accurate . 
  i hope the world realizes dump lost the popular vote by 3 million and does n't even have the support of his own people . 
  tbh americans voted him , he have more support than hillary in us , if you count out the illegals, 
  fearmongering.its bad , its not even satire or witty anymore . 
  its plain fearmongering . 
  i understand why is worldnews infront of news subreddit recently, 
   both groups get screwed the way things are , but the companies make bank . 
  exactly . 
  its scary that u think this is a bad thing, 
  i dont know what you even mean by that . 
  mhm , well prepare to be scared for next 8 years atleast, 
  lul was said to his presidency also , lul . 
  ask yourself , were you convinced he wont be president ? 
  when election race is based on popular vote , you can use that card . 
  thinking that clinton is better is really fucking scary but luckuly we are over that bridge, 
  u understand that when you say `` european '' u mean as people of europe , not people of european union ? 
  what s common with everyone today , is that nobody was clinton supporter but they supported sanders . 
  yea , i dont buy it . 
  spreading redpills.its your playground , but you are in wrong . 
   ignore everything else i said though , really shows that you ca n't face reality . 
  while we are at it , trump , president of united states of america . 
   it 's important to note that he lost the popular vote because a ) he got fewer votes than one of the ( other ) least popular candidates in history and she is n't running again and b ) acting like you have a popular mandate when you clearly do n't is not going to endear people to him . 
  c ) he did n't run popular vote race , but electoral one . 
  nope , nice try of derailing tough . 
  it had to be said . 
  dont know why i had to say c ) part , you could also have done it yourself . 
  unless , ofc , you are trying to spin the matter a little bit . 
  cmon he is replacing dnc judges . 
  yap , r/worldnews is infested like r/news, 
  mhm , there is no way that ukraine is provoking this right ? 
  cause there is no room to even question that right , cause it must be russia right ? 
  its always interesting to see how russians are classified like separatists , while separatists that play to nato interests are called `` liberators '', 
  til : you can guild yourself, 
  is that pleasant or unplesant surprise to you ? 
  that really depends where you lived in last 50 years . 
  sta je bio + ? 
  edit :, 
  ili, 
  btw , sta je jimmy radule hendriks konkretno radio od izbora ? 
  jel moze 1 radulbot da objasni otkuda vucicev ministar radula u vucicevoj vladi in the first place . 
  to be honest , nationalism is better and far lesser evil than international socialism . 
  yea , us would never do anything like that . 
  imagine if some guy exposed us spying on their own citizens and the world.talking sci-fi here but imagine that . 
  its easier , countries that are nationalist are in control over their issues alot more than they are if they follow that sinking insoc.should be crystal clear to everyone by now . 
  imagine eu case , bunch of godknows who fucktards , control continent . 
  nobody elected them , nobody wants them , but they control almost entire continent.not only that , but they interfere with every decisions country member tries to make.who gave them the right ? 
  they do n't answer to noone . 
  i want our governments back.fuck this . 
  edit : nobody can forbid you to hate what you hate . 
  best thing that happened on international scene since rise of putin . 
  lets forget germany was the aggressor both times and tear the wall in berlin cause of petty shit against ussr . 
  we seeded this bullshit 25 years ago . 
  now cards are being shuffled . 
  edit : shit, 
  us cant reach, 
  i do believe this guy won most votes from eu citizens , right ? 
  get a grip son.you have fictional control over them . 
   means that le pen most likely wo n't win . 
  heard that one in us just recently , ill wait for the results in the end . 
  love the sources for that claim,
