  * survey sponsored by `` michele totally not his wife '' corporation . 
  nps . 
  20-21 at best , we allrdy dipped bellow ti5 on daily update . 
  unless lc path and item is really something , i dont see it going much more over 20m . 
  i wont edit now . 
  there is a difference of massing your troops on your territory with sending troops half across the world to the bordering country of a country to who u say it has nothing to worry about . 
  its not the number , its the message it sends . 
  they cant invade but muscle flexing between 2 nuclear superpowers is only fun in fools eyes . 
  with what logic did you come to conclusion that new 1000 us soldiers next door to russian territory will prevent russia in expanding their military capabilities ? 
  ok i missread that , but ill go on a limp here , if poland decided to increase their military capabilities on their own will , that would make far lesser ripple effect in kremlin than this situation . 
  you get my point ? 
   get sniped from half a mile out . 
  you would have hard time missing him considering his size even with a pistol at that range . 
   this is what democracy is - i 'm gon na do whatever i can to remain in the eu or rejoin as soon as possible , fuck off telling me to deal with it . 
  you can always , you know , move?who the fuck gives gold to this ? 
  baltic states arent worth of going to war with russia . 
  tbh , if russia want to unify kaliningrad area with mainland but chill after that , let them.this is going to far . 
   baltic states are part of eu and nato, 
  eu and nato are not the world . 
  6 billion of other people are like `` can you stop dickwaving against biggest/second biggest nuclear power of the world ? '', 
   without them , what else is there ? 
  tbh , with them , rest cant grow . 
  and i would not take china lightly . 
  edit :, 
   with the majority of human wealth and science . 
  and guess from where that wealth and science in western countries immigrated from ? 
  im sorry , its for greater good . 
  i only said i would n't take china like some noncompetitive economy like you said in your post . 
  dictatorship is vague term nowadays . 
  what the hell did your mom do man ? 
  serbia should sue him too . 
  ] ( https://imgflip.com/s/meme/but-thats-none-of-my-business.jpg ), 
  you are not fighting vs same ideology of master race now , you are fighting vs russia who wants unification . 
  your logic would be better if you used example of hypotetical massing ussr troops on eastern side of berlin prior to fall . 
  only biggots can use nowadays russia in comparison to nazi germany . 
  you forgot nukes.and how whole world stood up in arms for crimea . 
  its.not.worth . 
  well that happend allrdy in crimea.i didnt see anything as response . 
  oh yes sorry.sanctions . 
  looks like sanctions v2 are coming, 
  ww1 ignited ww2 , but it seems you are still blind on what actually ignited ww2 . 
  lets play this game . 
  he didnt wank furiously every hour . 
  talking geopolitics while comparing pre nuclear era events with `` same '' couple of years ago events . 
  its cool that you wind up on `` i feel lucky '' page on some fact , but you wont wind up on that google service to the page that actually can activate you logic thinking . 
  sorry kid , please continue , im here all night . 
  most pleasant community on the internet that unwillingly knows russian . 
  giving up ussr territories to ussr successor is not far fetched as you think . 
  why do you think russia would want whole territory ? 
  they just need direct connection to atleast belarus and thats enough . 
  u know how before brexit the idea of countries leaving eu was not even thinkable right ? 
  we talk same about nato now . 
  you are sovereign country ? 
  with being in nato and eu ? 
  wtf . 
  edit :, 
   none of this give country a green light to do whatever they want to do . 
  team murica , the leader of nato is doing exactly that.where it can . 
   it 's not a state for your information . 
  if they dont call it state , it doesnt mean its not an actually superstate . 
  `` lets just call it commision , nobody will see the difference '', 
  you are not sovereign country , if you were , you would get eaten in a second , you only exist cause western eu needs buffer to russia . 
  and if west and russia make any kind of deal without you , you go to history books . 
  evo ti ,5 interneta ? 
  ziv bio . 
  im troll and lunatic cause you give yourself too much credit as being nato/eu protectorate ? 
  what would happen to your country tommorow , if you left nato today ? 
  you are protectorate my friend . 
  you dont contribute anything but buffer territory and some cannon fodders if shit hits the fan . 
  eu will . 
  well , first , nato needs balls . 
  war with russia isnt exactly war vs scarfheaded sandmans . 
  thats not explanation , thats a fact . 
  yes?and you probably dont understand that im talking about kaliningrad oblast and their connection to belarus atleast . 
  you are not special snowflake . 
  you have no idea how many people had to that cause their countryman decide to go different path from their view . 
  | you have no idea apparently that more than half of your countryman allrdy have problems with finding and maintaning jobs you allrdu have.and in most cases its not cause you are superior human compared to them , its because they just went down on pure chance without any level of control over it . 
  you are not the first and for sure you won be last . 
  or stay in old island , and just live with new events.its not the fucking end of the world . 
  preschool icetea for nappynap . 
  well you have big unuche , but its for people how have trembling fingers every morning . 
  well you can spill it on the ground while drinking vinjak i guess . 
  [ or board a bus and refuse to play ticket ] ( http://lmgtfy.com/?q=policijske+stanice+beograd ), 
  ovo ide za wallpaper . 
  but not about yugoslavia bombing . 
  [ drago mi sto si poklonik cetnickog pokreta ] ( https://scontent-ams3-1.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/13592326_620313114795590_568907150836592612_n.jpg?oh=26df2f6377733c306d56cbd1b632d10a&amp;oe=582880fa ), 
  beat is too kind word . 
  well people celebrate srebrenica also, 
  i hope siptary are treated better in belgium . 
  well he calls himself serbian :-), 
  have a nice one, 
  kapiras ironiju ? 
  places i ti meni kad sam te ja reportovao pa si jos tu . 
  [ ok ] ( https://cdn.meme.am/instances/22704907.jpg ), 
  this cant go wrong for sure ... 
  just bring back charges and work from that kappa, 
  germans should not be allowed to do anything with military ever again . 
   twas about time . 
  no , germany should be neutral country without arms . 
  if not by peace , then made , yet again , with force .
