  ] ( http://subversify.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/butthurt-cream-dawgmaspatentedbutthurtcream1-1024x423.jpg ), 
   what gives you that impression ? 
  he is new to dota because he gamehopping golddigger . 
  dota exist for nearly 15 years and he was nowhere to be seen . 
  all the games ( and a game the he develeped ) died , and look at his passion now . 
  gamehopping golddigger . 
  day 9 filter please !, 
  well , when you think about it is it really bad ? 
  in this case it is . 
  no , but if you join military to serve your country and your country decide to risk your life by sending you in front with people you know dont have mental strenght to not wear other gender clothes let anything else , you should have your say . 
  and join canada armed forces, 
   this makes me proud to be canadian . 
  twisted fucks everywhere !, 
  no chill till day9 filter, 
  fan, 
  they should , cause toa changed . 
  tl : dr pressure from worldbank and imf . 
  i remember that russians were sailing international water whens uk went berserk . 
  its funny now . 
  it was funny then , dont get me wrong , but now its like having a muslim mayor funny . 
  nope , they only get hardon from killing them . 
   i mean , you can respect the guy for his work to advance the way talent gets treated and still have issues with other things about the way he works . 
  pussyfication of dota caster scene led to day9 hosting ti . 
  thats awfull thing , we are losing the identity with accepting sc shipjumpers . 
  in what universe is day9 better than 2gd , or to put it as is , which one of those 2 better represents dota community ? 
  like i said , pussyfication of caster scene . 
  12year old would find that shit hilarious , grownup people would not mind . 
  touchy little sjw cunt would oppose that . 
  abosolutely . 
  asus rogue sc tournaments and all , in fucking his house even , i know gd for a while . 
  but why is one hosting ti and other is not?pussification of caster scene, 
  the whole problem with day9 is the ammount of people from dota scene itself left hanging so we have the missfortune to have that balding fat fuck bein ti for no reason what so ever apart from r/dota2 6 month constant shilling with even purge being bought off . 
  dota 2 is stagnating , platoed to some extent . 
  if you tell me happy happy joy joy sjw cunts play dota , you are either delusional or deaf ingame . 
  day9 is shit idea for progress of the scene.he fucking burried every game he got his hands on . 
  bigot , thats the word sjw cunt, 
  edit :, 
   wow , he is single-handedly responsible for the decline of those games ? 
  what power he has . 
  he is a fucking omen, 
  shills on r/dota2 , not the community.day9 is utter gargabe . 
  community doesnt care about balding fat fuck and felicity . 
  all the people who downvote but yea , i know there is 15-20 of you . 
  i pretty much have list to track you down on discord . 
  ignore and move along , i dont give a fuck what you think or have to say . 
  still here sonny . 
  you should know your employers name . 
  imagine how stupid you look if you dont know . 
  edit : implying you are employed in legal way . 
   valve wants to move esports into a more professional direction, 
   because the community has grown and aged and because the money is there . 
  same like last year , if not less . 
   2gd made two fuckups that do not appeal to both to this demographic , as well as the host country , so he does not fit the role as valve sees it . 
  2gd is not the problem here , day9 is . 
   considering your vocabulary , i doubt you have any kind of money valve is interested in so your opinion does n't matter . 
  i probably gave more money than all of the daygays here . 
  dont see your point still here . 
  how is pussyfication of scene good ? 
  day9 filter and im kewl . 
  sorry for making shilling hard on you guys . 
  valve should stop with listening to this collective shill hivemind . 
  mark this words , day9 is the first who abused the fact r/dota2 is the go to place for valve to get feedback and shilled his way to ti host without 99 % of players knowing who the fuck he is . 
   you are superstitious, 
  you are shill, 
  work math and see how much i was right there . 
  that would be prostitution , its better while you do it for `` free '', 
  the whole him at ti is controversy itself . 
  because 2gd did inhouse production on his own money and wasnt jsut placed at tournaments in sc2 , let alone the caliber of tournaments that is ti . 
  you dont want that actually , dota is not low in numbers because yames is the type of guy who will live explain how his mother cant die of overeating because you cant die of cock , but because dota is complicated to play for first couple of hundred of hours and i know that nobody who do n't play the game can be a fan and viewer . 
  even tough he looks like he is still doing just that , i am not from us . 
  you dont need to try to look smart , just live as you are . 
  see the number of comments here , or in any of his threads . 
  i was really generous with that 99 %, 
  nope , i wanted felicity to cast starcraft remastered like she should, 
   for one not even 99 % of players give a shit about ti or watch it . 
  are you geinune stupid ? 1 % of 12 milion players is 120.000 . twitch alone gets 300-400k viewers for group stages . 
  i cant start teaching basic calculus here but nvm that , what is the problem with you fangirls is that you think that day9 has the weight ( xoxo he does but not in dota ) of interest like ti tournament does . 
  that delusional and i argue with you bots . 
  all of his previous hosting was straight line from playing starcraft and having big brother the real caster.he is mediocre caster at best for everyone but teenagers who idolise everything and everyone . 
  fake shit will host the biggest dota or esport tournament . 
  let that sink in . 
   because one is amongst the most professional and established esports hosts that 's passionate about dota, 
  redeye wont cast ti , dont know what you talk about here . 
   whilst the other is extremely unprofessional , controversial and outright damaging to the games public image . 
  show me the numbers that will be proof of this , without using feelings as calculation method . 
   also why are you so up in arms about day9 being some kind of infiltrating traitor when redeye and chobra and the like are n't dota players at all really and still do a fantastic job . 
  dont put those 3 in same basket and ill tell you why . 
  lets say we agree all 3 were not in dota scene and came here.its fair . 
  its not the same however what they were doing while they were not in dota scene . 
  both redeye and chobra build their carrier , one longer than the other but in a same way , being proffesional in multiple games , completely different genres and audiences over multiple tournaments and they build the name for themself like that.tough real fire . 
  now day9 aka blizzard child . 
  he was living inside of sc bubble form more then a decade and under constant babysitting and job offers from same single company.all of his credentials , that are in my view lackluster , come from there and his complete portfolio is coming 1 little narrow circle of audience . 
   more importantly i would actually really love to hear , who do you think the best choice for hosting this years ti would be if you had your pick ? 
  not sure i would like old faces also , but for hosts , valve should be able to get some great names outside of esports to come closer to mainstream everything . 
  thats because :, 
   i trust statistic and science , not university of bigotry . 
  donkey worries my friend . 
  exeptions doesnt make rule, 
   think all dota players do is sit in a cave and do nothing but play dota and know nothing but dota personalities ? 
  huge majority does just that and day9 abused that for his spot.not only that but he screwed people who should be there instead of him and that the whole story to it .
