   people feel sorry for venezuela , and most do n't have anything against the people . 
  they were taken advantage of and promised things by populist wanna-be demagogues who over-promised , and they are finding out that socialism does n't deliver anything other than shared misery . 
  ofc you dont have nothing against venezuelan people if they are in position to be forced to sell oil industry and everything else of value for nickles . 
  this shit will end soon enough.east is gon na fix this crap so that everyone who didnt have the pleasure to expirience dark ages firsthand , will have that right or their children will.its simple and will be brought to a halt.you cant propel western economies like this anymore.price is too high . 
  you have been banned from r/worldnews . 
   lpt : if you are going to make this statement , avoid having a million typos and misused words in your post . 
  it 's just bad form . 
  its not my native language and tbh , flying rats ass or something i dont know how saying goes . 
   biggotism . 
  you keep using that word . 
  i do not think it means what you think it means . 
  it has one `` g '' . 
  and is completely misused in this context . 
  you might want to look it up . 
  like i said . 
   i ca n't pretend to imagine what you mean , but socialism has been shown , over and over again , that it only leads to failure and people standing in line for rationing . 
  capitalism , with sufficient regulation , has faults but works . 
  this is not rocket science . 
  you are not familiar with socialism going pretty awesome in yugoslavia?for 50 years?till 1990 and the start of economic terror , paid protesters from west like in ukraine recently , and enforced collapse of the country for 6 very easily manipulated smaller ones?do you understand that every citizen of those countries lived better in 1980 than they do now?when democracy and capitalism are here ? 
  socialism work , completely , without flaw apart from casual corruption of high officials but its there to protect working man in unimaginable ways compared to capitalism . 
  you dont understand , that every socialist country was exposed to hardest pressure , economical , political , even military if needed be to succumb to the other side . 
  when u talk socialism , u think about ussr communism , and those 2 are miles apart from each other.basic socialism with some extend of free market and stuff , works in countries big enough to not be considered as prey.france.for little undevelped countries , like venezuela , is a nono . 
  [ sve sam amater ] ( http://mybroadband.co.za/vb/attachment.php?attachmentid=274326&amp;d=1440051575 ), 
  well , i can out perform this in my line of work with triple of 8 core amd and still have around 500e for power consumption difference at the long run . 
  looks like intel is bringing on apple kind of bullshit . 
  performance of 980ti for 250e . 
  im a simple man . 
  edit : kasno . 
   foreign ministry spokeswoman hua chunying told reporters carter 's comment last week that china was creating a `` great wall of self-isolation '' was merely an attempt to provide cover for u.s. plans to deploy additional military forces to the asia-pacific region . 
  maybe im the only one , but i dont like the idea of provoking china . 
  i saw how internet looks without ad-block at some old peoples house . 
  nope . 
  clickbaiting 101 . 
   agreed . 
  op is blowing this way out of proportion and trying to start a witch hunt . 
  say what?he intentionally ignored what he could have easily tested for nothing else apart from favor of his sponsor.this is not a slipup.this is sellout . 
  i 'm done with his reviews . 
   dude 's first tweet started out ok , but he downright demanded they delete their reviews and start over ? 
  dick move . 
  i tought that first hand , but then when youthink about it , what is worse : screwing over customers with false review or dick tweet ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_recognition_of_kosovo#/media/file:countriesrecognizingkosovo.png ), 
  tech wednesday , niko da linkuje 199 $ grafiku za narod . 
  edit :, 
  jay is a nvidia shill . 
  he is on their payroll 100 % im not even doubting that since throtling drama . 
  i didnt downvote you . 
  evidence is this tweet and throttling video , especially the throttling video.jay is biased af.fanboys cant see it , i dont have a reason to love him cause i didnt watch much of his videos but plain obvious fact is that he intentionally skewed results or even better , cover up flaws of the product he is reviewing , is a big tell tell . 
  holy shit . 
  yes he can , and he clearly is . 
  now that we settled what we both know , would you be a kind guy and explain to me why youtuber that does reviews of hardware for a living , not a part time crap , and have hardware commercials in his every video , not adds but full blown unskipable commercials for hardware products would go for unpaid complete bullshittery for nvidia cause ? 
  missproduct of youtube . 
  you and i can be biased all we want , but if any of us happens to own youtube channel with hardware reviews you should be reviewing , not fanboying or worse , get paid for fanboying . 
  this todays hardware journalism have every aspect of gamergate shit . 
  you know you arent born as shill , you become one when some company gives you money to keep your mouth shut about , i dont know , geforce 1080 and its issues , or 970 memory . 
  guys , this is jay troll account . 
  public outcry that why , damage was allrdy done ? 
  i see new trees in wireframe ... great optimisation . 
  with insane amount of throttling . 
  i understand personal prefference but this is just retarded . 
  unless u are playing your game on 32 + inch screen ,4 k is money/performance waste . 
   when apple came out with its retina d, 
  dont pull that shit plz.its ppi between hd and full hd with a fancy name , nothing else . 
  right now ,4 k gaming is for people with excess of money .4 k technology isnt made for video games but sheeps will make it work for no reason whatsoever.i can understand that you can see more pixelation on lesser screens but the ammount of bullshitery needed to not see that small amount of pixelation and jaggines is ludacris . 
  `` prvo '', 
  must have 4k gaming rig , not alot dead there . 
  actually your argument is like that , tryharding to prove everyone that you are wannabe pc elitist who need huge diagonal screen technology for his pc.riiiight . 
  im not even gon na argue biggots who dont comprehend distance face/screen and screen sizes . 
  you are not member of pcmaster race cause you are being money throwing sheep.that never worked . 
  federer did.even more severe lack of competition than it is today . 
   hell at 35 fed still poses the biggest threat to this `` unstoppable force . '', 
  unreal . 
  you just hate djokovic and cant admit the facts , its ok.its stupid , but its ok . 
  you should see a doctor , you have chronic buthurtitits . 
  no biggy , but get checked.it will only get worse when he wins more gs than fed , i dont want you to do something silly . 
  fedgoat yelling biggots are gon na lose it.that will happen for sure and that is enough . 
  humans = believe in scientific theory of evolution yet suppress the man dominance established through it by sjw-ing . 
   it goes 2 ways . 
  well , if only he was bbc employee this would end rather differently . 
  i do but i also understand why man is superior gender and there is no equality . 
  get triggered , fact stands . 
  you have serbs from montenegro and milogorci , thats about that . 
  im scared for you fanboys.i really hope you dont do harm to yourself when djokovic gets 18 gs . 
  tbh , its same if they play or retire for novak , only murray , maybe stan can play against him nowadays . 
  names and former fame of both nadal and federer are not enough to win against novak , you need to actually play really good tennis . 
  how is not ? 
  you dont know how foreskin contributes . 
  it like fucking with someone additionaly fapping you . 
   so valve being so greedy this year on this compendium , i was wondering : if the terrrain is not tradeable , not giftable , nothing , why would they even make it expire after ti is over ? 
  the spring terrain will expire cause we saw this trend with winter one . 
  that 125 lvl doesnt expire though and is in par with last years desert terrain , altough quite more expensive . 
  thing of spring terrain as added bonus while ti lasts , thats about it . 
  all with 3 stars to get second style . 
   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kx_yhofedag, 
  mac i iphone pored za instagram . 
  go back in time and buy winter battle pass.ez, 
  diskriminacija , nista drugo . 
  ] ( http://america.pink/images/3/5/7/5/4/6/3/en/2-preach-brother.jpg ), 
  was hoping for invoker/zeus . 
   that 's like pointing to the tiny number of male rapists ( still far larger than the number of people who have done this ) and extrapolating that to all men . 
  you mean 3rd wave feminism movement that is doing exactly that ?
