  but it wasnt just crimea.you gave him the industrial part of ukraine , donbas.great stuff , really really good . 
  well when you actually fall for that euromaidan ploy and bring down legit governemnt for street mob , you really aint that civilized anymore . 
  edit : phone typos . 
  and expensive af, 
  nobody blaming trump?progress !, 
  legit government however you look at it champ . 
  unless you are tom cruise from minority report and work on precrimes , sit the fuck down and be eu colony now . 
  you missed option 3 . 
  ukraine gouvernment went fascist after coup and peninsula didnt want to be governed by them . 
  you could power the solar sistem with the energy of your ancestors rolling now, 
  i read that as everything you said is under / s and it sounds ok . 
  title says suspects , if we go with that logic , hillary is allready in jail.not a bad thing but we need little time for both cases . 
  yes , can confirm , true serb support putin and trump , and never fall on clickbait titles . 
  he is proeuromaidan ukraine citizen.just so you know to whom you are talking to . 
  non serbian citizens are suspected of doing illegal activity in country that is not serbia ( well atleast south isnt ) . 
  what jail time and how?we dont have guantanamo here . 
  this is a lie about europe.we have some libtards who are pro eu but people like russia way more then eu . 
  nationalism is never bad.what you were by mainstream media for last 25 years ... man when you hear about all the shit that was done to serbia of base of sadam womd level of accusations ... 
  20 % of nation counts in 100 % of your family . 
  i was on r/worldnews all day , this was like the instant reaction post, 
  nope , since russian reaction was justyfied after violent coup . 
  serbia precedes yugoslavia that was nothing more than aproved dictatorship for 45years . shit union . 
  nope , we got liberated by soviets and could carry on by ourselves.shit decisions on west allies were made . 
  also you are not trying to change system before it happened , hence you try to change the outcome . 
  typical to be honest . 
  i dont see why you blame russians instead of company that let that plane fly over conflict zone . 
  yea , if it was we would be all suspected of something about hillary . 
  i dont know what you you try to point here . 
  its kosovo and metohija buddy . 
  u think eu will live if they start shitting to us ? 
  go for it man.its not like you are not between anvil and hammer.try out that rhetoric with us and russia at same time . 
  no country sane will ever allow germans to have army forces proportional to its economy.like ever . 
  just learn to not provoke bear anymore, 
  u should try and post that on hitler youth sub of r/europe . 
  4000 sqhips in 3 years of conflict.man clintons are gonr now , but shittalk here till january . 
  to be totally honest with you here , i do n't read bad formatted text , its really a mess and maybe you have a point . 
  tbh , i do n't like that naming anymore . 
  i 'm god emperor presidente trumpovski 's shill now . 
  whatugonnadoaboutism is new buzz word . 
  its easier for uk , us and russia to just struck same deal and be done with this bullshit from brussels . 
  you dont need to trade shit when you anex something tough, 
  they were anti stalin after the war , reread history . 
   concerns raised that current us and uk surveillance system is ` ripe for further abuse under an autocratic , power-obsessed president ', 
  can someone call guardian and tell them hillary lost?thanks . 
  only thing i learned from his post is that you can give gold to yourself . 
  they are all big words now , they have nothing else . 
  in 1 voting across the ocean , libtards in brussels lost everything they screwed europe with in last 25 years . 
  i 'm enjoying popcorn now and cant wait for holland and france to pick their natural right wing parties . 
  we are in same exact axis vs allies scenario . 
  i like how you think he will just back to establishment that worked against him . 
  i can bet you will be surprised . 
  future president of us usually know more than average redditor . 
  man , you are my friend from israel right ? 
  yap , israel is going to be sooooo pleased with that . 
  not as fun as reading hillary voters man , this is epic . 
  he have children , 
  wrong answer sorry , ok . 
   if he hates the eu so much and has a majority in his country , just leave ? 
  yea , like greece was allowed to leave . 
  i remember some arm twisting in brussels behind closed doors for like a week . 
  you tripping balls man . 
  man , you should really say that outloud and say that us was not totalitarian to the bone since bill fucking clinton . 
  its wasnt same shape since 90s and that culminates now . 
  if i didnt watch hillary voters recently i would say that i didnt see this much of delusional shit in a while, 
  `` democratic nations '' wow, 
  proper is `` arnaut '' or `` future refugee '', 
  money, 
  that we are aligatorphobic . 
  well , trump did talk to obama, 
  nope , this 2 cases are not comparable . 
  trump and putin have clean slate to work with , while obama had to honor every deal with any 3rd country us backed cause of dnc lobbying . 
  also putin in 2008 was far lesser factor . 
  we need to drain swamp reddit, 
   we can burn every other bridge to make it work with russia now . 
  if you mean dropping europe baggage that by list has their own hillary 's in power , those bridges ai n't worth it.europe right now , have 0 fucking clue what to do and europe will comply with anything trump suggests . 
  uk will work with you , france after elections for sure , us does n't need europe as europe needs us . 
  you are in good bargaining place . 
  consider trump as legit reset of everything , and dire needed one . 
  wondering where will us be in next card shuffle is better then everyone being highly radioactive . 
  yo , geopolitics pro champion , i would rather play fallout than even take chances with dick measuring hillary that aint got one . 
  ffs man ... 
   the women that live there have no choice, 
  who said they want it any differently and how are they now victims for knowing not to dress like regular western girl for friday night clubbing ? 
  different cultures , different rules . 
  example : try going to north korea and practice freedom of speech . 
  at one point germans said topkek at slavs and got unwanted orgy in mid berlin . 
  cucklogic or something.you link evidence he ignores . 
  im almost 100 % certain that if high dnc person is outed to public with multiple fullhd video evidence of pedobusiness , libtards will go with `` why you dont let 2 humans love eachother conservative bastards '', 
  bonus point and harder sjwing if it was homo stuff . 
  `` libtards are smartest persons in their clothes '' - socrates or some other guy, 
  what triggered you hon?libtard or sjw ? 
  ok , that looks like reasonable business plan that cant backfire whatsoever . 
  the ultimate lawsuit of trolls.whata time man . 
  you still didnt say what word . 
  you have some fetish about this dont you honey ? 
  you can be cool when hillary wins election . 
  that guy should sue police and reddit in lights of u/spez trolling yesterday . 
  can you please repeat that ? 
  quality censorship right here folks . 
  why arent you sacked ?
