  i have popcorn ready fir next couple of weeks when russia stops oil smuggling convoys and start taking down turkish jets with `` we thought they are terrorists '' premise . 
  or syrian airspace now . 
  guys chill , its not like they , i dont know , made a mistake and shoot down russian airplane instead of syrian . 
  you can say erdogan or turkey , its same for everyone outside that country . 
  saudi arabia justice system is same as isis . 
  he gets headlines and air time on count of it.really stupid lifetime politician . 
  russian donald that will never win elections hihi, 
  1 was furious cause i only had 3 legs . 
  by amount of rage i could say that pixel isnt dead , it ascended to full supernova bright white . 
  instead of presidential bribe government bribe is more acceptable?coming from country where `` lobbying '' is legit i do n't find this strange at all . 
  marcus guy is gun shop owner in sanctuary.do his quest and you will see what this guy talked about . 
  d3 is proper solid nowadays , it have nothing to do with clusterf it was in vannila . 
  there is no screen wide enough for that graph . 
  are you serious ? 
  so ethnic cleansing is something that nato will stop right?where was nato when croatia ethnically clensed their own country with more 300.000 people displaced?now in nato , without any consequences . 
  like , what kind of complete and utter asshole complains about that ? 
  hypocrisy is at all time high here or memory of a goldfish . 
  they need to cherrypick more engineers and doctors from this new batch , last wave did n't bring enough of them . 
  every other refugee will end up being deported . 
  srebrenica is only court that matters in last 30 years or so . 
  gollum is losing it . 
   or of a very young child that have tendency of constantly banging its head into hard unmovable objects . 
  just solidifying it abit move . 
  live in a lie . 
  whats wrong with that ? 
  im kinda surprised.by lack of any reaction of anyone . 
  cause russia army was in crimea like all the time , even before troubles in ukraine started.russia had major military ports rented there that are , you guessed it , guarded by russian army . 
  well they were there so they probably actually for sure were involved in some way , but in the same time it doesnt mean like russia invaded crimea and brought those soldiers there , they were there allready . 
  its a politician way of binding shit up.this is like good example of it . 
  he didnt go full jerk and yell out `` sadam have weapons of mass destruction '' lies . 
  i would argue that best pilot is the one that lands, 
  lie is `` sadam have weapons of mass destruction '', 
  truth is `` we didnt send military to crimea , military was always there '', 
  deny it, 
  this kind of logic is killing innocents in middle east for last 30 years.enjoy that oil . 
  company is kinda ruled by humans , top humans to jail and watch how environment safety precautions start to work . 
  russian officials accused close relatives of erdogan for this smuggle shit , so i will go on a limp here , and say , that most probably , they are involved in this shit . 
  guy crimea was pretty ethnically russian , there wasnt any incidents in crimea at all , people even went on referendum and voted for russian option . 
  invasion term is wrong , `` kosovo '' * is invaded , crimea on the other hand was not . 
  someone shots full rifle magazine in the air.kills 5 people.wasnt intentional , fine plz.repeat . 
  in same ammount of intention as not giving money for envoriomental safety, 
  i cant help you if you cant differentiate crimea and iraq . 
  actually , ask your self , were americans predominant native people in iraq ? 
   i love cel-shaded makeup, 
  excellent work with it actually.i usually do n't dig this whole cosplay thing , but cell shading makeup that really really looks like bl is awesome !, 
  i really like to fireup borderlands 2 and listen to borderlands 2 music while playing borderlands 2 , 
  phone some company and ask them to put you on hold . 
  this is bullshit , ofc nativeness is valid excuse.till ww2 we could say tatars were native there , but you now what , they were pretty happy to join wermacht.they lost and since then , russians were nice majority there . 
  when you talk about `` nativenes '' and `` rights over land '' , you never ever use united states as example . 
  nema trika da je nesto drugo . 
  nice work , but gradual progress toward darker paintings says something about emotional state.usually . 
  lucas : new movie is good . 
  me : panic mode, 
  lifesteal works over deso dubuff once its placed on target ? 
  cosplay as lilith . 
  sorry if im blunt . 
  i think its far fetched to think you are made of pixels , yes , but go for the closest look possible . 
  its the effort that matters . 
  you are obliged to provides us pictures now . 
  i mean , pictures before of u know . 
  this is what happens kids , when your history education comes from r/worldnews or r/europe, 
  and to think we are `` helping '' greece with exact opposite model of this ... 
  unwritten rule of this subreddit , 
  just run trough stalker packs and completely ignore them , jump from cliff to robots , ignore robots and hit save are near water , from there on out it should be easier to play from there on . 
  easy with genocide , un said there wasnt any . 
  ethnic clensing happened in croatia and nobody gave them hard time for that . 
  un said there wasnt any , genocide only happens on reddit by bosniak who still bitch and whine cause of serious assckicking in srebrenica . 
  to i ja gledam . 
  wow.just wow . 
  how is this different from afganistan and iraq.jesus christ this alliance is a joke . 
  til : ljudi placaju za mp3, 
  dice team should be fucking praised for their spectacular graphics engine that 's optimized perfectly . 
  fuck ea , everyday . 
  technically , since reiteration of frostbite engine , bf franchise is topnotch.again , everything else , rushed multiplayer , server issues and all that jazz are to be add to `` fuck ea '' bandwagon . 
  alot of rage to dice is accompanied to 60 bucks 4 map multiplayer sw game they just released.technically game is nerd wet dream good , but everything else is managed ( price , paymodel , rushed again ... ) is to be linked to ea not dice . 
  engine that dice made is really really really good , and that alone give me the impression that they are not bunch of stupid money grabbing idiots , but overruled by them . 
  fear from russia is pretty stronk . 
  much bullshit , such botting.wow . 
  same % of ukraine protesters was enough to bring down government . 
  yea its kinda 100 % when you count everyone who is against asad . 
  can happen from anywhere . 
  that depends of economic status of host . 
  smart wives get brown curtains . 
  gotovo je sad [ miselinko ] ( http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2011/02/11/article-1355837-0d1fd7f8000005dc-902_224x544.jpg ) , vise srece u shopingu drugi put . 
  lemace te drugi put , nemo si zakeralo . 
  ah , i da i ne.ako ti ulece u facu i skakuce i vice `` popusicu ti kurac nemozes mi nista '' nek je diskriminacija do sutra , dobice po picki . 
  they count on nato rallying behind them , but chances are they will be out of nato on second incident . 
   turkey are not exactly stupid . 
  plane some days ago . 
  `` get out army '', 
  wth is this bullshit . 
  you understand turkey lost second export market in the proces . 
  its bumerang effect you have to wait for a while . 
  they could just drop turkey to evade something far more sinister, 
  hihihihihihih this thread, 
   in capitalism , the price is n't determined by the production costs , but by the supply and the demand . 
  so fuel demand is in all time low?cmon ... 
  lost my shit on `` around middle december '' xd, 
  my god , dp reworked !!, 
  ! its now triple penetration .
