  i cant give you brains . 
  and i wont add / s on the end of the downvoted post , just because circlejerkers who have 0 reading comprehension post here . 
  git good, 
  its improvement from pulling monitors trough fax scan machines, 
  what they see instead of troll neutral skeletons ? 
  well atleast im sure now what kind of people post here and i can ignore most of the vega shittalking comments . 
  heroes renamed to champions, 
  well its so nice balanced right now , some fucking up would be nice actually, 
  if you are in mine , its pouring, 
  not sure how this goes , but isnt it posible to create a law that halts this attempts ? 
  day 9 filter please, 
   can someone explain me why is this day9 guy popular ? 
  fangirls from sc and shills . 
  he have 0 to none traction in sc scene now and apart the 2 reasons i said , i have 0 clues why he is being overrated so much here . 
  most of people think same , some kind of brigade is going on . 
  isnt overturning more difficult than making one ? 
  you cant read do you ? 
  what can they make with storm immortal ? 
  ult change is done with the hat , custom remnants what ? 
  i knew you had nothing to say, 
  well some people live in shit world countries and us , and they pay internet with their kindeys, 
   the point it stops being a free game is the point at which people pay hard-earned to get screwed . 
  how ? 
  no , gabens primary business is steam . 
  they make money there . 
  dota 2 , can be developed for 0 $ from players and make 0 $ per month and they would still update it and manage it since it brings people to , you guessed it , steam . 
  the fact that they are making money is just a + for them.and that money doesnt make or break the game you play.so its free . 
  i5 to 1600 . 
  i was in a trench, 
  what would lego do then ? 
   what about bw is better than sc2 ? 
  roseglassing . 
   seeing that some sc2 pros are going back to bw it 's a testament to that.notably flash retired from sc2 to get back to bw . 
  tells you the story tough . 
  the legend of bw was mid tier pro korean in sc2, 
  its tf2 for people who wank on japanese cartoons . 
  there would be 0 incentive to post here , cause you cant shit on religion as average atheist reditor . 
  is that some personal reflection cause i only said this, 
   cause you cant shit on religion as average atheist reditor . 
   religious nutjobs acting immoral ? 
  who would 've thought . 
  top comment in chain . 
  i 'm immoral . 
  yo are trying to be edgelord not me . 
  and you are bad at it, 
  triggering throwaways, 
   and people who were nobodies in bw switched to sc2 early and were code s fixtures . 
  for 1 season in 2011 maybe.after that it was only best of the best , and many were not in bw scene . 
  flash came to scene later when he saw the money , and could not play on say innovation level . 
  different games for sure , bw being based on archaic mechanics and unit control.thats that.not harder . 
  ] ( http://img.medscape.com/thumbnail_library/dt_170111_cherry_picking_800x600.jpg ), 
   in some peoples ' eyes , sure . 
  others think he 's a great man . 
  that 's the thing about perspective, 
  well , he is a cunt . 
  persective, 
  firework industry hates you, 
   i hear the doctors are `` deeply concerned , '' but are going to allow the cancer to continue its course . 
  well they allowed it for 80 years , its too late for that now, 
  i said your username outloud and now i cant unsee it, 
  about the cooler part.listen to this . 
  never above 70c in 5 day long render ( 100 % cpu usage nonstop on 3.7 ghz ) in ambient temp of 27-31c and only 1 case fan . 
  that good . 
  sort by `` controversial '' so you avoid bots , fangirls and shills . 
  on a side note , not putting 180e to 1000 levels.nope , fuck this , wallet talks . 
  the funniest shit is remaster of his original game is released and cuntfaggot just chase money from game to game knowing sc is dead . 
  what god gave to tasteless , well actually he just took a dump on sean, 
  best, 
  pick one, 
  largest sc2 tournament is in range of pretty big lan party, 
  you will always be downvoted for telling truth, 
  vagina, 
  e3 hosting is considered shit job , and you know why if you ever watched any e3 . 
  qualified more then whom and in what way ? 
  felicity storytelling ? 
  cause if your ticket to ti7 main fucking spot is brigading r/dota2 with purge while being 3k shit scene got sad really fast . 
  its ok , we got cunt `` felicity '' mcfaggot on panel , all good . 
  # #scpassion #sc 2passion #sc 2deadgame #hspassion #gamedevpassion #completefail #lolsceneoversaturated #whatisdota #whatisdota 2 #tiprizemoney # 3kmasterracewithproraindeer #dota 2passion, 
  there is no lenght of any video that can make sean not look like cashgrabbing gameswitching figure . 
  and the fact that you had to make this post actually says that alot of people know this . 
  `` why does it matter what this guy is `` in for ? '', 
  i 'm not asking my plumber if he loves unclogging my toilett either . 
  i just care about if he does a good job . '', 
  he wont.he was mediocre caster/host but fangirls make big deal out of him . 
  tastleess however , husky , freaking dj wheat were better than day9 ... 
  but fucking felicity and nerd virgin kids that can be charmed trough fake smile and bullshit stories, 
  tbh being day9 is far from any type of sucess . 
  professionally , he is fail after fail . 
  holy shit fangirls , shills and bots . 
  chill, 
  thanks man i searched for this everywhere . 
   he has money , he does what he likes for a living and a lot of people love him . 
  all 3 things you said are highly questionable . 
   most of us do n't have any of these attributes . 
  cause you are failure and you think day9 is achiever here is a nice video for you so you keep your tendencies.we read him , the sc players , looooong before you watched fundays . 
   a lot of people do not love him also , but that 's because you ca n't please everyone , nobody can . 
  its because of very easily observable reasons , its not objective . 
   by the end of this , he 's an achiever, 
  kid , if your goal in life to fake smile your way trough by abandoning everything you dedicated your life to multiple times cause other trendy thing make slightly or abundantly more money , you just go on and walk that road with guiding stars like sean.please do . 
  my god , turn the camera on so we can see how you gobble on seans tool please fangirl,
