  not for fangirls who got him to ti for sure, 
  fangirl , everythread lurking even new threads.shill even . 
  you dont fucking get training on ti . 
  he really wasnt , he was just suffocating scene because he was veteran, 
  rofl , you really are shillgirl, 
  edit : look at them organising wow , i was right all along, 
  threads are telling that story that his presence on r/dota2 were indeed forcefully shilled posts . 
  well people know about him as much as he knew about dota in 2010 . 
  everyone without sc in nickname, 
  shills man , shills everywhere , i follow threads , there is like 10 people who just repeat in defense of daygay, 
  sean looks like he is accidentally there compared to rest . 
  actually , he would be good for asking question in newb stream , he is no way host material for dota, 
  he was cool , not camera stare faggot like day9 who doesnt know how to act on panel, 
  * you are, 
   day9 was great right out of the gate . 
  day9 catchphrase , jesus ... 
  hey shill , long time , like 3 days since last day9 bashing, 
   could you elaborate on how the host should act on the panel ? 
  compare redeye and day9 . 
  not to stare at camera like a vegetable , have timing and smart question for panel , not tryharding to explain pick or strategy as 3k while standing right next to pdd , to name a few . 
  why worry about me shillgril . 
  reddit shilling , you heard it here first .100 % he paid for publicity . 
  he is himself tryharding to present himself as expert . 
  that annoys people , if he just let panel talk that would be hellof a improvement . 
   i 've never heard him say how good he is at the game with 3k mmr . 
  you ask people for insights , you dont even fucking mention you vision or what happened when 3k and 1 year long `` veteran '' of dota scene . 
   or if it does , at what mmr was redeye again ? 
  he never tried to present himself as dota player or that he knew shit about indepth game , he was exactly what he needed to be , good host.who looked people in eyes when he asked them , looked genuine interested for answers . 
  sean just trips atention to panel then stare at camera like moron . 
  i present you how good hosting is done , redeye and this monkey now cant even replicate that.he talks to panelist while watching into camera , like wtf son you are some kind of profesional . 
  well , if you dont take it seriosly , it can make day9 host ti for example . 
   he never tried to present himself as dota player or that he knew shit about indepth game , he was exactly what he needed to be , good host.who looked people in eyes when he asked them , looked genuine interested for answers . 
   sean just trips atention to panel then stare at camera like moron . 
  cmon , dont be a broken record , answer was allready given . 
  you still talk about what you want like i didnt quote you answer again . 
  geniune scared how good ig played in g1 and g3, 
  he was mediocre caster in sc2 and overhyped here , you will learn that in painfull way of watching him . 
  he cant improve , he was like this all the time . 
  2 minority ,2 swedes and a canadian . 
  best us team.ok . 
  its all sweden for me . 
  that simple . 
  its a secret, 
  he is host, 
  maybe , just maybe , everything he said is more suitable for newb stream than for main panel ? 
   atleast you realise you 're in the minority . 
  you can see by the threads that are being burried by same peopl in `` new '' how much hated sean is . 
  10-20 circlejerkers here dont mean he is was good pick . 
  no worries he is new host.he is trying to work hard and learn 15 years of dota history and manage to host ti some day.you cant expect him to know like , famous dota2 players names so fast . 
   its his first day i can almost guarantee he will slow down a bit once he gets his first day nerves out of the way . 
  yea , its not like he is hosting ti right out of blue regarding dota scene . 
   was day9 groomed to be a dota host ? 
  shilled by reddit , since valve will take even the most retarded ideas from front page . 
  no , it because people are paid to burry them, 
  go sort praise day9 threads by controversial.please . 
  you think i care what u think?its obvious as fuck, 
  ignore and move on , as i said , i dont care what you think . 
  because i dont care , third time man, 
  elections dont take place on reddit thankfully, 
  after raging here and shitting all over day9 i will, 
  for 6 months now , give or take , same names appear , same first posters in his threads , you just didnt look . 
  and yes , when i fuck , i fuck seriously if thats the only thing you are interested in . 
  i triggered him on other thread, 
  hey fangirl, 
  sean must be paying you with common items in dota . 
  no.he is really bad . 
  1080p , high settings , for sure . 
   how can an entire region only have 1 good team that still manages to fuck up against a mediocre chinese team ? 
  all foreigners play for eg , its not even na team . 
  birthplace for all 5, 
  why is that a bad thing, 
  its repeating pattern.they are really vocal and downvoty about their `` free '' opinion . 
  this is not farm 90 min dota anymore . 
  ask yourself , do you want to watch westerners getting jebaited into using 3 monster ults on tankiest hero in known universe just to be saved by position 6 support , or you want to see 322 choke plays engage into one another ? 
  you are idiot on reddit when you ask what is the birthplace of each player on `` na '' high hope team . 
  listen , if you want to chant usa all day long next year , just bring whole setup of newbie to eg.it would be as same na team like this one is , just will play better dota . 
  he is out of his prime . 
  that happened when storm and bloodstone were op as fuck . 
  ok i have to clarify also : he should play while he can , but he is not good mid player anymore . 
  sort of dendi syndrome , but dendi was good for far longer time . 
  1 joke  everything from day9 all day, 
  why is not machine host again ? 
  its not reddit analysis , it was sccc newbie anal . 
  if you skiped it , it will be on pornhub soon, 
  blind fangirlism, 
  sorry universe looks like tech support guy to me.still dont understand how foreignborns are considered to be na hopes even with punjabi descent and how team with 1 native guy is na team . 
  if you dont have connection to your homecountry , you are sellout or imported good.you probably wont ever understand how nice is to live with people you call your own in the place you were born in , even play dota with them . 
  i see how na have to fill the lack of any half decent dota team with imports tough . 
  26 post karma, 
  5 comment karma, 
  edit : dont know why it didnt post this , like so low karma so many golds man, 
  im racist because he look indian?ok . 
  if you dont have connection to your homecountry , you are sellout or imported good.its really simple . 
   oh , an opinion put across as a fact . 
  how very intelligent . 
  no , thats a fact, 
   being born in x or y location does n't dictate your traits or personality . 
  in overly mixed population like na is , sure , in rest of the world it pretty much does in huge % . 
   what country are you from my man ? 
  i would love to find some of those `` imports '' in your `` proud nation '' with `` only born in this country heroes '' .
