  we are not anti-israel though , it just really feels like palestinians are being ripped off way too much . 
  israel was made on jews ultimate loss . 
  edit : wow that comment history?i tought you are stereotyped for no reason , silly me . 
  loudest shit can be heard on reddit , by gays and feminists.minority groups.ok . 
  by everyone in known universe , and actually grammar isnt that important as being pretty much number 1 problem of the middle east . 
  cause it serves his cause.let just fucking enforce something to a country that doesnt want it is real good and nice . 
   yes because us culture is so vastly different now at the end of this year than it was at the beginning of this year . 
  slovenia have decent medical system , you cant compare us and slovenia . 
  sure putin is to blame if some country doesnt want to be neoliberal.ok.sure whatever . 
  this isnt putins victory , this is gay lobbyist debacle . 
  you dont see distinct difference between your citation and what is proposed here ? 
  thats my whole point actually , rest of his nonsense is based about morality backed by his statement that `` free world leader '' said so . 
  why is it shamefull?people voted people said no , end of story , democracy.you cant enforce human rights without breaking some . 
  i always found 1 thing funny , you know how gay people and gay rights justice warriors and supporters are always holding some upper moral ground against anyone who challenge them as outdated and anti progress kind of guy ? 
  well tell me , why the fuck would progressive people like them go batshit crazy over something as traditional as traditional gets thing called marriage ? 
  stereotypical, 
   the southerners said no , we want to keep our slaves , end of story , democracy . 
  go to war over gay rights then , dont just sit and cry on internet.be like north my friend , be like north . 
   i hope this is a rhetorical question, 
  never got answer to this actually , you are just 1 more on list . 
  [ thanks ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ad_hominem ), 
  are you being serious now , for real?i need to go shoping when i come back , and that if you are serious , ill debunk you word by word . 
  edit : thought you were some different , and read this in completely different tone . 
   that 's kind of hypocritical coming from the guy who just spent the last two hours wringing his hands in defense of a nation of apparent bigots, 
  majority that won on completely transparent democratic referendum are now biggots.allright . 
   since you appear to be unable to fantom the answer to your question , the reason i personally care about gay marriage ( and most other supporters , i 'd imagine ) is that gay people should have their love recognised as being of equal status to heterosexual love . 
  jesus fucking christ.thats the reason ? 
  ! oh boy you dont have a clue what marrige is.so you want to shit on majority of people , just so you can have your `` love recognised '' ?!, 
  ok , heres the thing , its really simple , sit your ass on airplane , go marry in netherlands , get aknowledged , come back , live life and shut it . 
  well , come to think about , i didnt even consider death or property dividing or that stuff , but im sure that it could be done with a lawyer and a 2 parties present before life together happens , like those pre marriage agreement in america.same could be done for more or less anything . 
  you know what , i dont perse hate the idea of gay marriage ( bear in mind im from serbia , traditional bloke , hard to budge ) but i dont want them to be able to adopt.from everything i saw in the world about this issue , only thing that can stop adoption laws of that sort , is stoping gay marriage to begin with . 
  should gay people enjoy every right apart from marriage/adoption . yes . 
  pretty much same as slovenians , everything is ok until marriage and adoption for gay couples . 
   israel is the result of the holocaust, 
  this . 
  we are best when left alone , every group you listed there learned the hard way . 
  jail and take away all property , this shit is ridiculuos , they are so loaded with money they actually dont give a flying f. 
  `` taxes and cost of living '', 
  this whole thing is pretty much how modern world functions , there is no justice , there is no law for rich cunts , its only money making ripples . 
  you have to be special kind of idiot to think eu is something to brag about , get bent . 
  dont skip medication day . 
  i know and i have reason to believe it will be all worked out with fines only . 
  did i say there wasnt any plans before?what im saying , those plans would still be plans without holocaust , since the smartguy i replied to said `` palestine defeated '' is somehow more of a debacle than `` jews completely crushed '' and for that cause of that 1 should get a country other should not . 
  im not sure it will be any different in any court , money will talk , and thats that.if you think fifa is some pinacle of corruption , oh boy you are in for a ride . 
  cherrypick all you want , there will be 1 scapegoat and thats that . 
  even blazer himself is not the kind of player we talk here about let alone those 14 schmucks . 
  well he nonchalantly sent millions of soldiers to their death while defending his country . 
  think it like solo que , mixed que , party que.separate them ( mixed being anything between solo or 4 man premade ) . give option for solo que player to opt in or out from mixed que . 
  its 3 years of full time job playing games.i envy you.not even kidding . 
   i have a better idea : why do n't slovenians stop being homophobic dickheads and just let gay people marry, 
  cause they dont fucking want it thats why you neoliberal biggot.that fucking simple . 
  so here we are not letting that shit happen in the first place . 
   wtf are these fucking comments . 
  6 men died . 
  human beings . 
  thats kinda hourly shit that happens in syria . 
  lol this truth got downvoted.stay classy r/worldnews . 
  this just in : nonamerican civilians dont give a fuck about american soldiers !, 
  im shocked , like do you even blink 1.1 times faster then usual when you read about godknows how many killed in syria or nigeria daily?stop this stupid hypocrisy and get a grip.they werent killed on us soil and they werent giving flowers to iraqis last 10 years or so . 
  alot of people dont , outside america that is.dont get mad . 
  im conflicted about laughing here . 
  like its hard to call everyone jihadist in mainstream media . 
  again , legit comment downvoted, 
  and make islamic state , dont forget about islamic state . 
  imagine `` new honda aero '', 
  they kinda did . 
  -234 for this ? 
  ! wow the tables are turning boy o boy o boy . 
  nah , they on vacation with opium market . 
  like native americans ? 
  not good analogy , cause police and bank are on your soil , and police is paid by taxpayers money , and if they fucking even try to shoot their own cit ... 
  better question is : have you ever been in american hospital ? 
  im from serbia and i use poorer version of hospitals you have.based on exact same principle of social medical care.its not remotely bad or inaccessible like murican system . 
   israel wo n't do that because they are n't monsters , contrary to common belief around here . 
  i would argue that israel is defacto terrorist country for past 30 years . 
  gold for this crap lol . 
  is mercenary pay good nowadays ? 
  grammar stuff no ok right thats settled . 
  i replied to a guy who took us and slovenia in same context.reddit threads and or comment chains aint that hard , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , dot . 
  jihadist use kuran as excuse . 
  israelis use holocaust as excuse, 
  i dont think all jews are bad by this , but agreeing to give leadership of baseline warmongering and radical leaders doesnt help at all . 
  clickbait natobots have to be dealt with somehow . 
  throw in picture of random children and women fleeing from god knows what while they are pretty much alive really makes this pretty cocnrete . 
  usa kinda fucks up that much to be honest . 
  i have this as answer for every statement i make holocaust and israel state . 
  did i say there wasnt previous intention/dream to make jewish state ? 
  israel throws in holocaust whenever they see fit but they are in complete holocaust denial when you tell them they got country out of it and shortly after holocaust happened . 
  how is this denying that jews wanted to have country for a long time ? 
  finaly a guy who understood.israel idea was one of the best things that happenes out of ww2 , but when great ideals and great nations start to place themselfs above others ( rings any bell ? ), 
  thing often get messy, 
  relax its reddit, 
  could be same if 6 russian soldiers got killed in alaska . 
  right now im happier than you , for sure . 
  well i am kind edgy when posting , oh oh oh and tough . 
  same man . 
  i sleep well , and i earn enough mercenary . 
  wise people say , soldiers nowadays are most useless trash that cant earn money otherwise.i concur . 
  sorry , you are clueless neoliberal biggot . 
   to be fair , doctors do n't care about who 's side you 're on when you are bleeding out in front of them .
