  its gaining ground , they dont think about today for tommorow but for extended periods of frozen conflict . 
   russia was never a threat to the west in a conventional war btw . 
  and still is n't . 
  we see it in ukraine and syria . 
  5-10k max , poland aint small country , looks to me this whole abortion spinning lately is just that . 
   monotheism still has all of our necks in its jaws . 
  never forget this . 
  wtf ? 
   to be able to get rid of the fetus when it 's endangering the mother , and when it 's a poduct of rape or incest . 
  they would be able to even with this law passed ? 
  i smell that reddit was always libtards breeding ground . 
  champ you are really strawmaning me here , both ukraine and syria are conflict zones we see russia advancing without response . 
  lets say that both of countries are really really vital for nato countries . 
  and they are losing them both . 
  i think it was tested over yugoslavia, 
   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1999_f-117a_shootdown, 
   they failed to take all of ukraine and are stuck in donbass . 
   syria was never vital for nato . 
  you are just trolling now arent you ? 
  they are used to doing threats to fat smaller countries and they are not used about this situation . 
  todays russia cant be bullied . 
  yap , exactly that only chine look to be in the same position in 10 years max . 
  then we will have real issues , for now russians tend to have some down to earth global interests that dont produce that much more harm than good . 
  question is , will it be same with china . 
  against what to justify military spending then ? 
   its basicaly that . 
   as far as i know they come from the official protest organizers of each city mentioned . 
  we need credible source not that propaganda . 
  thats not source , that copypaste of whatever , jusr give us link to that data, 
  i dont see any link , just copypaste numbers . 
  you are confusing actuall link with random typed data presented as link . 
  first time i see this actually, 
  not from poland but i kind have a sense that this media link you provided is 99 % of the time on progressive left side in reporting . 
  unbiased at top comment ... 
  theres nothing wrong , its just awkward seeing comment that says how things are being top.usually its other way around . 
  this went 0 to severina real fast . 
  niko normalan nece da spori da je vendi bila dobra picka . 
  sto otvorih thread ... 
  i dont know if we are better than them if we boycot cultural differences . 
  when in rome ... 
  i dont see one , please explain . 
  cause both parties that are being enforced to wear or not wear particular set of clothing are visitors in country that makes rules . 
  well same `` dont go '' counts for chess players , so why the fuss with this thread?like its something big and important . 
   rolling my eyes at every comment acting like boycotting this event is a win against terrorism . 
  i always need to scroll hellofalot down in this kind of threads to find voice of reason . 
  whats worse , most of the commenters that are praising , basicly nothing , as victory over `` muslim terrorists '' , are left progressive hillary voters . 
  irony in this thread can be used to make bridges . 
  how the hell is wearing any clothing and especially one that completely covers woman body is equal to inhuman treatment in your mind ? 
  different cultures , i understand the oprresion there , but you cant just go on and change their culture cause in your mind , its bad . 
  the same reason man in western world dont wear skirts ( part scots , but they look really fishy to me ), 
  cmon , like u do understand we have technicaly global consesus taht men and women clothing is different ? 
  maybe i would but i really doubt there is anything that will explain me how is cultural raping of everyone different to you is sign of human progress . 
  exactly , and there are generations of women there who can not ever undestand how western women can dress the way they do . 
  you would do that just to prove a point . 
  if i go to japan and they tell me to take of my shoes when i go to bathroom , i sure as hell wont make a reddit thread about it . 
  exactly , but dont bitch about rome . 
   it is n't about cultural differences or fashion, 
  its about culture , they are like that . 
  oppression ... yea . . opression in your western eyes , how the hell is this whole site so limited . 
  nobody but you care about your values . 
  fine , but why ? 
  we are not changing it , but we will boycot it , cause iran is different in tradition to us ? 
  the other half has to sit to pee , imagine the opression . 
  listen , we are , but the amount of muslim bashing is getting ridiculous , and thats coming from ortodox christian guy from serbia . 
  i like people of this earth unique , not sheeped into 1 behavioral standard . 
  i was talking about the book , and i said it cause everybody karmawhoring here is acting like he is talking from some highground morally superior place . 
  its the same shit with us going bare ass naked in the streets , i dont know why you cant understand that . 
  technicaly , our rights in the west are opressed cause we cant go bareassed outside all the time . 
  but nobody boycots anything . 
  fide will really get concerned about barely top 100 player in the world , for sure ... 
  you were just trolling anyways , and its not plain and simple , its only plain and simple if you dont understand anything . 
  depends , are we talking iphone sweatshops slavery or the african american slavery ? 
  why delete comment it was a nice question . 
  aaaaaaaand that depends from what?cmon you know the answer ? 
  from country to country !, 
  live and let live , however different to you may that be , dont change lifes of people but let people change their lives . 
  its really simple actually . 
  i dont have to like anything about them , to have sideway understanding of what are they doing . 
  nothing is black and white as you make it , or even worse , think it to be . 
  its stupid question , sorry . 
  but ill tell you what , i would probably rather be that `` opressed woman '' in iran then employee in iphone asian factories . 
  satysfied ? 
   if someone can get in trouble for dressing differently , that is n't culture , it is law, 
  ok , go out , now , fully naked , in i presume western country , flip willy around and see what happens ? 
  same shit in iran on a different vulgarity level . 
   that is if their husbands allowed them to . 
  did you just wink at me like a flirty western woman ? 
  do you know how many different people i responded here ? 
  man im not even sure they understand we are talking about barely top 100 chess player thats boycoting and everyone else will go . 
  thank you , now read top comments here and say its only that . 
  you cant set the bar on that , people who live in those conditions are only ones who can do that . 
  when and if they get fed up of that , they will change , till then its just cultural opression of different people to us . 
  when they come to your country they have to play your rules , same goes viceversa . 
  or jsut dont go . 
  mhm , fair enough.i 'm really anti interventionist . 
  so nudist people in west are opressed now ? 
  you are saying that iran as country isnt targeted by west at all ? 
  i really dont think it is , and there is a reason why iran and saudi arabia are treated differently on same things . 
  agreed . 
   because one is an international competition where countries are expected to tolerate others .
