  russia is scared shitless by now for sure . 
  but he works for the west so its good . 
  btw , the ammount of irregularities on this elections ... 
  [ medjuvreme kad se ne deremo na oblake ] ( http://xxxdessert.com/tube/contents/videos_screenshots/52000/52544/preview.mp4.jpg ) nsfk, 
  got here expecting no homo circlejerk , saw homo circlejerk , no thanks . 
  its amazing how 1 group of people that loathes chruch wants to get church derived ceremony for themselves . 
  civil mariage in western world is derivate from chruch ceremony while we are at that `` educate yourself '' part . 
  and financial and legal benefits can be aquried with piece of paper and lawyer . 
  nope , you dont have to get married for that , you can get same exact benefits without being in a marriage , heterosexuals or not.this is just gay population hissyfit . 
  cohabitation acts or whatever is called from country to country . 
  imagine the shit that would break if single people got less benefits just because they are unmarried . 
  he too small to think he can get away like us can . 
  you forgot what you said man ... 
  tako . 
  edit : a sto sam troler ? 
  its your fault man , you cant understand that this is not little country vs superpower situation and that what im saying is that little countries dealing with their little rivals are just scaled down us/russia confilct . 
  can get more clearer than this without crayons, 
  who talked about conflict you bigot , we are talking about influencing elections and that what you try to derail like little coutnries taht are not superpowers dont know nothing about while their elections are being managed by those same superpowers . 
  holy shit . 
  i made whole caps of point you are evading to consider man . 
  most rigged elections in recent history but its ok since its only there to stab russia little more . 
  this title is begging for it, 
  ya ,70 years later they have fear , and what if it happens to become place like that?arrest , community work , repeat . 
  edit : some kind of pressure from germany for sure , to slowly erase memorials to horrors europe suffered . 
   valve owns dota2 , valve owns all the things inside dota2 , valve can change whatever the fuck they want , if they want to completely remove you from the game , they can , how is that legal ? 
  this would stand if they didnt get money from us for what they showcased they will deliver . 
  its not a sad truth , valve , in case of dota , is doing far more good stuff then they make fuckups . 
  you cant just think you are right cause you wield unpopular opinion if it has little to no evidence that you are right . 
  no chill, 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  and some `` moderate terrorists '' but that will be fixed in a month or two, 
  one could say , world deserves a proper caning, 
  i dont believe anyone but you knows what u said there, 
  asteroid with a cane, 
  maybe it is but popcorn sales are skyrocketing, 
   u cemu problem ? 
   usa has been giving my country ,, 
  you got even people under wheels for that alot.you are just a tool in us mind , like every other country is . 
  standza je malo domaca egipcanka to begin with . 
  i like american public , i never say dont.government is the root of alot of evil . 
   we elect our government ,, 
  i doubt this since bush junior . 
   but then a week later they ask why the us is n't interviewing in xyz . 
  i allready explained why you can go both ways in same time in other comment . 
  you also forget that no 100 % of public are people who involve in politics . 
  nope , since they do actions on their own accord while they are rule , and ask 0 nothing between elections.you can believe your writing to officials means something but it really doesnt . 
  you should learn more languages than 1 and dont come into discussion you cant understand like you claim . 
  comprende ? 
  like in syria and ukraine ? 
  edit : i remember you from last discussion , 
  yea , we know alot of languages here , naturally smart people . 
  novinarka anonimus dobija publicitet fekasilasnjem po svima omiljenom coveku [ shocking ], 
  ok leftwing progresive.same aplies . 
  i follow your logic to see where we will end up . 
  people dont understand that average american cant withstand pressure and detiorated way of life like average russian can . 
  my nigga . 
  ektra video svejedno . 
  edit :5 sati popodne , razbudili se studenti . 
  [ `` studenta pipkala tetkica , nacin na koji on to hoce da sakrije ce vas sokirati !, 
  crying like a pussy ako moram po naski . 
   overused joke is overused, 
  ] ( https://www.google.rs/search?q=a0+format+rezolutuion&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;oe=utf-8&amp;client=firefox-b-ab&amp;gws_rd=cr&amp;ei=uxgjwkdzdclbu424sogc#q=a0+format+resolution ), 
  slowclap babino, 
  downvotes saying more than upvotes would ever say.dont worry about them cause you are right . 
  he is right no matter how you look at it, 
  you are delusional of worldwide uprising against this kind of hypocrisy, 
  yea , people are completely insane to oppose third party watching over elections i agree . 
   well they do n't get to , our forefathers worked hard so we could do what we want as a country . 
  you are really up for some smackdown with that exceptionalism attitude . 
  like fascist country but different buzzword . 
  cause nobody sees shit that happens , from what we see in this election process rise concern that north korea have more democratic process than us /, 
  you post is kinda in that way . 
  when you have observers nobody have a say , they just report how elections are handled , thats all , unless you think your electoral system shouldnt be checked?your democracy , no matter how much you talk about it , should be checked by unbiased or even better , biased observers so we can see whats going on . 
  from what we see on tv and internet , you are have alot of problems . 
  you can deny foreign observers from any willing country to participate but that makes you nk level of democracy . 
  yap , smackdown and humility , you will need that . 
  different type of coma is needed here and i do n't argue sense into fascist . 
  foreigner man , i told you how us looks now , not being biased over anything just watching presidental race and all the shit that happrns with it . 
  thats why i dont understand why the hell you even have a voting when everything is pressured into hillary?where is the even playfiled to begin with ? 
  yea , but that split is hard to see on tv = every media outlet si forcing hillary for some reason = why trust media if she wins ? 
  in team china they mass shoot people in stadiums if guilty of corruption . 
  in team usofa its called lobbying . 
  pusti ga , jos leci traume iz 1913 . 
  najpametnije bugarce u svojoj sobi strikes again, 
  ima zivota i van posla , just saying . 
  only floss . 
   http://www.doctorswithoutborders.org, 
  credible source please . 
  hillary have more bots than putin does . 
  one butcher is invited to do a job and other one screwed every slaughter house he entered to nonrecognition trying to do his job and whines why other is invited . 
  he cant confront him directly tought , cause they both have same sized knife . 
  i think that those little countries choose being sovereign instead of being rich . 
  rich comes from not being a puppet state . 
  bez kralja ne valja, 
  kako ? 
  [ dobriiiiiii ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fybzujg6n6u ), 
  yo stinky , get a shower !, 
  tbh , she is making a epic portfolio for dnc candidate for presidential elections . 
  what the shock about it?its their policy from couple of years back , they said it publicly - no lgbt propaganda . 
  you are confused about freedom and rights .
