   on their right mind, 
  well , atleast they should let kurds to run casinos . 
  * not yet, 
  well , now i understand the violence against gays . 
  i do n't remember japan nuking civilian cities . 
  us went full coward in that conflict , they knew what kind of effort it would take to bring japan down in conventional war so they used the most pussy way to end it.you think us would stop nuking civilians if japan didnt surrender?man we would all be glowing green cause yanks knew the cost of landing troops in japan . 
  still conventional and environment friendly . 
  20.000 raped < godknows how many melted . 
  [ implying all killed in nuking died instantly ] ( http://www.fogonazos.es/2007/02/hiroshima-pictures-they-didnt-want-us_05.html ), 
  exactly what i said . 
  killing civilians to end the war.hitler level of shit . 
   considering that there is a death estimate of a maximum 226,000 killed in the atomic bombings , and there is an estimate of 300,000 killed in the nanking massacre alone i think that should let you understand why the nuking 's were relatively better . 
  too close numbers to say what is worse , without including the fact that nuking would continues 100 % if japan didnt surrender . 
   lets not forget the human experimentation on pow 's and civilians of china , or the use of chemical weapons , or the explicit torture of pow 's , or cannibalism , or forcing tens of thousands of pow 's to do excruciating work to the death , or the women they kidnapped and forced to work as sex slaves for the soldiers . 
  nukes were not experiment on effect on humans right?long term effect is something that you forgot there . 
   but hey , the nukes were worse right ? 
  american lives , and that i said , they went pussy terrorist pussy route . 
  american lives . 
  nuking was borderline terrorism . 
   oh boy the hypothetical game . 
  i love it . 
  if the united states did n't nuke hiroshima and nagasaki there would of been countless more warcrimes for the japanese to commit !, 
  therefore , nukes are 100 % good because they stopped all the warcrimes from happening !, 
  oh the implying that 1945 is the year were japan was still capable of doing that and that world needed us to use nukes to saves us all !, 
  pussied out . 
  man , like only from americans , you can here that they nuked someone to help them . 
   half the civilian population of that island died after 100 days , imagine what the home island invasion would 've looked like . 
  see how many dead us had , you will understand why they didnt care about japanese but themselves . 
  they were experiments on humans for sure , i tought you are just trolling around on that . 
   you would have rather seen millions of people die as long as they were american ? 
  okay . 
  nonono i just said nuking was a terrorist act , no question about it . 
  everything could be done in different way , but us took that path . 
  yea , humans and buildings react same to heat , pressure and radiation . 
   you have to be trolling . 
  there is no way anybody can be this stupid . 
  war is not a game . 
  the goal of modern war is n't death . 
  its to end the conflict with as little bloodshed as possible . 
  we are n't vikings . 
  modern war , we talk about chaos of ww2.ok man , ok . 
   you think us would stop nuking civilians if japan didnt surrender ? 
   why should we believe they would still have done it even if japan surrendered ? 
  source ? 
  you almost gave a stroke with this.what did you want to ask ? 
  so to prove measurement and data , what do we use to prove them , hm ? 
   ffs please be trolling . 
  americans would n't have invaded alone . 
  people from all over the world would have died there . 
  see how much of convetional war japan was the problem now ? 
  this is violence inducing material man . 
  you live in a lie man . 
  us cant look good about that , unless you try to justify it with nonsense . 
  i mean you can try , but in the end , they pulled big ass radioactive car bomb that was drop from the sky on unsuspecting civilians . 
  you are theorising man . 
  100 % sure , us would never invade japan in conventional warfare after everything they encountered on islands . 
  well from this distance , i say :, 
  terrorist act . 
   the bombs were justified . 
  so was 9/11 if you use that logic, 
  mhm , yea , they really wanted to invade , but you know , it just happened this way . 
  you know there was a good chance that for that price japan remains sovereign country ? 
  you allready think us would win there , and we know what happened even later with far fewer number of vietkongs . 
  why is this a bad thing ? 
  no , seriously , why ? 
  you do understand however thay peace in western europe eas payed in balkans and middle east . 
  thats even bigger example why im on russia side here . 
  west makes pretty penny on enforcing rules to non eu memebers . 
  see south stream block just to get nordstream 2 from russia by germany . 
  in the even playing field , west standard of living would fall off massively . 
   he whole point of the nuclear non-proliferation treaty was to prevent countries , other than those who already had nukes , from developing them . 
  cant go wrong with nuclear monopoly, 
  quality headline from independent . 
  well , i paid 3.60 e for antimage blink log . 
  i pretty much will buy whatever they throw in my general direction at this point . 
  mhm , so , general rule of reddit is that putin is a maniac and that trump is an idiot . 
  how is then those 2 having codes at their disposal better than monaco having nukes ? 
   mass killers are very rarely big thinkers . 
  the fuck, 
  belgrade is really slow with this kind of cases . 
  you imply that us or russia in verge of defeat would not use them ? 
  and ok.sweden . 
  to be honest here , if isreal have nukes , pretty everyone else can have them and danger level remains the same . 
  you had ton of arguable bad stuff before that.i read it as whole . 
  you wont be 4 post account , asking about day9 for sure . 
  how is german blocking of southstream in favor of second baltic stream connected to what you are talking about here ? 
  they can still screw over germany but why did germany decide to give middle finger to problematic economies that south stream would help ? 
  western europe lives on robbing eastern europe, 
  brexit with all of that . 
  yes , when money starts flowing , it will be show again, 
  the way he does it looks retarded, 
  where bruno wtf, 
   it seems to me day9 would fit better in a ` field reporter ' role . 
  slacks role if slacks get ebola, 
  i watch ingame , he was just hyped trough reddit , he didnt deserve the spot . 
  this is not starcraft and he is so called professional dota host at multimilion dollar tournament . 
  its team liquid . 
  his audience is made out of teenage femboys . 
  nobody calls liquid tl in dota , he is that much out of the conection with the scene he is involved in . 
  man , he doesnt have a point , he just lures femboys , herd mentality and shit,
