  cause i dont really give a damn how my english skills are ranked by people who are either butthurt to the extent of searching history and/or derailing straightforward response in a attempt to discard facts that are obvious to any mammal that can use internet , part you . 
  2 terms of donald with reasonable chance of ivanka for next 8 . 
  i was asked same question before trump won , and no . 
  i cant be triggered man , i eat meat , recognize 2 genders only and im nationalist . 
  and im certanly not `` franticaly copying data '' like i try to spread panic over something . 
  you forgot `` franticaly '' and `` fearing '' of nonexistent threat son . 
  you will learn about naratives . 
  you forgot what you argue warrior . 
  my statetement is fearmongering titles are trend now instead of clickbaits . 
  try again.i hope you are not literaly shaking . 
  its fearmongering and you dont see it cause you are hippy liberal or hate trump cause he is buddy with putin . 
  listen im convinced now this isnt about title , bit me being pro trump . 
  from what country are you ? 
  tought poland , but was close . 
  i asked because trend on reddit since elections and trump being best buds with putin is that loudest attacks on trump threads and loudest support for anti trump threads come from eastern europe . 
  bandwagoning type of support . 
  we in serbia do , but the ammount of frowning , lol , frowning , outright hate for trump comes from eastern parts of eu . 
  check for yourself . 
  here is a principal stuff from me . 
  i do n't explain nothing to people who wait 10 min timer . 
  have a nice day . 
  what ? 
  man , you have google for data , i cant believe u are so far with head in the sand to not understand that manufactoring renewable energy sources make shitton of pollution and that renewable doesnt mean that product is eternal and unbreakable . 
  btw im not google.com for you , go and find stuff for yourself . 
  so thats why some asian lady is linking my yahoo account to paypal . 
  search button , not that hard.ton of stuff . 
  can someone makr title `` russia , syria and iran won , us , eu and sa lost proxy war '', 
  genocide?there are women/children terrorists ? 
  or people who like justice served . 
  assad is the legitimate leader of syria no matter what pipeline butthurt west tries to acuse him of . 
  well its smart move . 
  when trump finish his 8 year presidency , ivanka can just continue for next 8 years.smart presidential move . 
  cause trump president day is coming . 
  those troops are like on paid 2 month vacation . 
  thats what i told you in first place , green energy is not green at all . 
  impact of mistreating or plain mining and creating heavy metals and toxic materials on huge production scale when time for global mass production comes while competing to make `` green energy '' generator as cheap as posible ( hence china ) is the part people who never saw anything apart of final product preach for and dont understand . 
  as for the part of coal , everything apart getting energy production of it is having nonsignificant impact.fraction of money poured into green agenda could effectively solve both filtering problems and radioactive ash depositing issues . 
  all 3 combined are nothing compared to r/europe, 
  yap , there is no way to figure this braincracker . 
  its not like you could , i dont know , compare mental health of a woman that was insanely happy with pregnancy but had a missfortune of misscarriage to women who were also super happy with being pregmant but didnt have that issue and see how that went . 
  same but opposite rule `` could '' be made for abortion case , but wont be exactly humane one . 
  i dont know man.with this kind of reporting i would not be surprised if our generation lives to see people being accused , bombed and hanged over false allegations of weapons of mass destruction . 
  tbh , being failed corrupt politician for straight 25 years is topping whatever trump does or say . 
  just make yahoo account . 
  i have to wonder , does anyone at valve think whole this 7.00 instead of 6.90 was bad idea . 
   warrunner, 
  [ nope ] ( http://dotageeks.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/centaur-warchief-8.jpg ), 
  if its wind spirit and variation of zephyr from hon ill be hillary supporter kind of pissed . 
   now i ca n't enjoy better call saul anymore . 
  same.this was low . 
  fearmongering titles . 
  tbh if anybody knows how to spot things that are not very clever , it must be the french . 
  [ 1 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/french_invasion_of_russia ), 
  [ 3 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_dien_bien_phu ), 
  after syria yesterday , smart countries will talk with russia . 
  stupid countries will continue with crying `` wolf '' or `` bear '' in this particular case and expect us/nato to save them.and that aint gon na happen . 
  you sounded confused with upgrading of defenses with going to war . 
   russia has broken many treaties, 
  could be , and breaking treaties is not always a bad thing . 
  but in year 2016 , russia 's leadership looks pretty sane compared to most eu countries . 
  holy shit.the level of selfimposed supremacy in this post . 
  i dont see that `` wealthy well chuckle educated rabbit '' having his own private space station or nuclear capabilities . 
  every country apart from hungary . 
  easier like this . 
  thats the well educated part . 
  and that mantra of russia being poor could stand for period before putin.russias economic status today is solid as its armed forces, 
   economic status ? 
  during these recent years , russia has taken a fall in economic development . 
  need to see data of that fall , claims without data are just claims.actually whatever you link here i want it in form of period from 2000-2016 so i can explain , if even slightest drop happened , what accusations russia faced at the time . 
   also , the person was talking about the well-being of it 's citizens , which , if you were to compare by looking at the hdi , is pretty pale compared to sweden . 
  again , russia of today is leaps and bounds better place for its own citizens than it was before putin . 
  you can only compare country progress relative to itself or you would wind up in a situation that libya was far better place before democracy and western values took it over . 
   meanwhile i would rather live in western europe, 
  thats for now , lets see for how long will you will be able to propel that western economy with taking over third world countries and their natural resources when you are getting professionally cockblocked like in syria . 
   alone ? 
  no , but if russia were to ever attack sweden, 
  everyone would take one step back like in ukraine . 
  us and nato lost syria yesterday , they for sure do n't need more `` explanations '' to not mindle in russian sphere of influence . 
  where is russia 2000-2016 period ? 
  that `` link source '' aint tracking anything before 2013 ? 
  some guy said that sweden is `` wealthy smart rabbit '' in this thread . 
  smart rabbit skipped geography ? 
  calendar aint showing nothing before 2013, 
   there is a very big difference between a peninsula in ukraine and actually invading one of the most integrated countries in europe ( which is also a eu member ) . 
  from what i hear donbass isnt peninsula ? 
  and being eu member is not iddqd mode at all . 
   also nato is irrelevant to syria . 
  nato is irrelevant in syria cause of russia , i agree . 
  then what?language?culture?snow export?fucking olaf from frozen ? 
  what is adult reasoning ? 
  that just means you are buddies and that doesnt put you away from being under the sphere of russian interests and influence . 
  on phone but figured it out , great site . 
  cant link what i want here from there , but check gdp alone and gdp per capita in max calendar . 
  all that with teritorial expansion . 
  why the title hypocrite?you saw syria case , you saw ukraine and i understand why you are scared shitless . 
  i dony understand why u insist on provoking military superpower neighbour . 
  tbh , guilty of that . 
  its not living in denial, 
  yes , gdp wins wars , not the way that gdp is spent . 
  could be,
