  cuba is great example of what happens to a country when they think they are not under paw of.neighbouring superpower . 
  well for that to happen , sweden would need to elect prorussian government legaly , then us and eu should use cloak and dagger tactics to organise some form of `` euromaidan '' coup to overthrow that governemt , to openly threaten russian citizens in sweden to finaly provoke only `` volunteers '' from russia . 
  i have no clue what you would need to do to provoke full on invasion . 
  on mobile , was tricky but found the way , guy helped me.thanks . 
  they become russia and china ? 
  i dont have problem with any number of terrorists killed . 
  russia won proxy war against us . 
  just think about this . 
  why arent we `` planting seed of democracy '' in saudi arabia and qatar now ? 
  those real newspaper smell like sadams womd reports . 
  well , you cant say they are n't doing nothing all day . 
  its easy if you just ignore it . 
  this is sickening.they are holding hands ? 
  what is the context here ? 
  or are they just killing innocent people ? 
  its same link . 
  if alot of officers are being killed by gangs , while i dont aprove means they use for reprisal , i can understand to extent . 
  but if they just take random people of the streets ... 
  same.but played dota exclusively to this day , atleast 20-30 games per week . 
  cant force myself to play 2 games a day now . 
  sc2 is my other drug  , i dont worry about my free time . 
  this patch is step backward . 
  i did , just educating lol boys that just installed dota . 
  dota in patch 7.00 is bigger lul, 
  * you 're, 
  exactly.i was just lazy to write all of that . 
  tbh `` new begining '' probably means a finger to old dota players , they catter new players now . 
  `` almost perfect '', 
  now we are 500 patches behind that point . 
  there was no reasoning for all this changes , playerbase was going up , major was fantastic sucess , life was good . 
  international compendium is around the corner , we will see the impact of this patch, 
  a click your creeps bellow 50 % hp to deny . 
  ** a click your creeps bellow 50 % hp to deny . 
  problem is , people are forcing themselves to play this patch . 
  valve fucked up . 
  people still like dota , but this doesnt feel like dota anymore . 
  would love to see 6.88 custom map . 
  valve messed up , icefrog was good guy before going corporate . 
  i dont doubt his game designing skills , but this is not dota we played for 10 + years . 
  just saw 6.88 custom , you can piss of in new era now . 
  it still feels like forced shit to me . 
  glad you liked it and that this version of map and mechanics will have longevity of version 6, 
   i ca n't pinpoint what 's doing it ,, 
  same . 
  its not the map.map is pretty straightforward , talent system is even dumber version of skill points , hero changes happens every once in a while , runes got reversed back to old style with added bounties . 
  like you said.you cant pinpoint what is the problem . 
  i dont see any reason why 7.00 . is released . 
  at.all . 
  maybe nobody told valve but `` if aint broken , dont fix it '', 
  man , we played the same shit for 10years . 
  you are the type.of guy who would rewrite chess rules `` cause he got bored '', 
  you will get bored of this in 6 . months , then what?add 10 more levels?pre games talents that you can grind ? 
  same could be done with talents in old map with introducing monkey . 
  why rune change , why gimping jungle , why faster leveling , why hiding stats in release version of hood , why 15 % increase in turn speed.to catter whom ? 
  its all about money now.i guess that hurts and makes dota repulsive . 
  valve just cashed on it you stupid cunt . 
  dota is community made, 
   `` have fun with your dead starcraft game . '', 
  when kids think number of players define good.game . 
  u behave like those lol kids allrdy . 
   get your head out of the sand and look around . 
  its shit now . 
  thats what im saying . 
  like that could not be fixed without 7.00 ? 
  no , its the thread name `` from almost perfect balance to this shitshow '' . 
  why respond to people that have dota account younger than reddit one is beyond me . 
  but if we leave , people who play dota just because its most played game on steam will leave also and then what . 
  this is topnotch shit right here !, 
  you are special kind of human being , ill give you that . 
  tbh ijust played custom 6.88 with , no ranked shit tough but still plays and feels like same . 
  see you apologetic cunts in 6 months when international tells you what kind of shit you backed here . 
  like in every tournament before . 
  meta settles for a while , what top picks are for that meta are played the most . 
   there were like 30 heroes played in the whole event . 
  if there was a game without ogre magi , mirana , batrider , shadow demon , or luna , i 'll eat my hat . 
  i agree the balance is worse than it was , but `` perfect balance '' is so revisionist . 
  pubstars like you and me play every hero , so why you even try to argue stuff that happens with meta on every proffesional tournanament ? 
  this 7.00 wont have top 10 meta heroes?you are delusional . 
  who they listened to about map changes , new runes , turn speeds increase and talents ? 
  cause it looks like corporation took over community project and decided to pull player base on existing popularity and make changes nobody wanted to begin with cause player growth wasnt satisfying . 
  happened once allready . 
  its shit mentality from other games and mentality of generations that are comming . 
  what they do n't understand that they just embraced next 5 years of balance patches just to be on same level of polished game we had just week ago . 
  fuck this beta testing . 
  yea i agree , only thing they will react upon is nice drop in player base . 
  deity with blindfold, 
  hm , didnt know lol `` game persona '' market was that saturated . 
   it 's different , accept it and learn to love it for what it is now . 
  still the best moba out there . 
  term moba says alot about your dota history tough . 
  day9 is moneygrabbing cunt . 
  dont tell me they play on 7.00, 
  thats all . 
  problem with that is , campaigns were organized in form of winning electors . 
  winning popular vote in this means that you participated 100m dash , lost and make a claim that you can cook better hence you should win . 
  i dont know baseball rules . 
  so we now read only flagged stuff ? 
  transition to lol , wait till there is 6.88 custom map . 
  u understand that wow ui you linked is specific ui , fully customizable by players and that however shitty it may look , does exactly what player needs, 
   the game was n't `` nearly perfect '' before ; it was just pretty good and,
