  they are nothing to screw with tough , cause everything done with russia army costa fraction of price us has to pay . 
  joys of not having high standard, 
  plot twist , op is jewish . 
  da ne bude lale izmislja , [ gospodinov wiki ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sr%c4%91a_popovi%c4%87_ ( lawyer ) ), 
  did you answer my 5 month old comment with this bullshit ? 
  oh boy was i naive that reddit is place of free speech and other crap, 
  funny thing is , if she didnt run for president we would have most of this secretly moved under a rug or behind the gym . 
  in this turn of events , we need to thank hillary for being this much of a dumbass . 
  you have been banned from r/europe . 
  nekad se za ove performanse placala karta . 
  when u sum up careers from both putin and hillary , you understand they are not really the same category . 
  one is suited to rule a country , other is `` fuck my life how did this become anything more than a first lady '', 
  r/serbia ... 
  bila , nikad vise biti nece , deal with it . 
  not by blowjobs if i recall correctly . 
  i never thought ill say this , but i can see myself endorsing obama . 
  first of all , do n't bother with your honest mistake too much , you just did n't know how it goes here.sounds like you are distressed too much about it but trust me nobody will hold it against you.to be completely honest , you are for sure in less of a problem then the person who was supposed to explain you some basic rules , would n't trade your place for his/hers for sure . 
  second , ** very important ** , do n't hold a toast or that cling cling glass stuff on funerals.noooope.no overthinking , no reasoning behind it , no it happens here or there , just do n't is the safest possible play . 
  good rule of the thumb is to do what everybody else does , like blend in and try to blend for dear life so you dont have any problems . 
  so , to sum up , blend in , do n't do anything that atleast more than 50 % of people do at any given time , and just be there and follow the flow . 
  happy cake day , you should toast now , that is our tradition ,0.75 l of rakija and post pictures of aftermath . 
  its still a fucking 5 month old post guy ... 
  za 200e mozes da uzmes 2 full hd monitora 22 '' . nova . 
   any one from this region will do.plum is the most famous one , but pear and apricot ones are milder/sweater usually . 
  u need to experiment a bit . 
  just a disclaimer on that . 
  when you try it i wont be held responsible for any addiction that may occur , 
  you understand that ww1 would go of anyhow?week or 2 later , maybe a month but would still go off . 
   serbia is a nato candidate as well, 
  this should be taken with a grain of salt.one is what this hated by people government wants and what people actually think about nato . 
  i can see ukraine reentering ussr on its own will sooner than serbia joining nato . 
   too bad that russia pisses the world off . 
  world you speak of is at best 1/4 of world population . 
  most of the world is ok with russia . 
  if eu and us supports those same radikali today as our government , you can almost smell the hypocrisy and why people are against nato and to some extent eu . 
  or just watch presidential race . 
  this is the most original reasoning to why you are stuck in 2k . 
  extended halloween is not a bad idea . 
  best way to do it so children arent scared, 
  yap , i dont get it all in all.is there some procedure that will autodismiss those evidence if the source got it doing ilegal actions ? 
  imagine the offchance that russians indeed are behind all of this . 
  did they do american people a favor or no ? 
  reminded me to bush and cnn on womd . 
  altough assange have some credibility to his name . 
  i know that , but how is not a win for american people in the same time ? 
  that bitch, 
  you seem slightly biased . 
  i still dont see how exposing shady business of presidential candidate is bad for american public?you say its better to spin views of people to so antirussian candidate.is picked ? 
  biased a bit i see . 
  well , some people would do just that . 
  my god!so he didnt commit suicide with multiple shots in the back ? 
  i was under impression that every us presidential candidate is influenced by foreign money trough lobbying this way or another . 
  left seems peacefull and tolerant like radical islam, 
  yea , fuck us , we are the plague of progress, 
  huma is pureblood american patriot, 
   of course i 'm biased !, 
  if the `` shady '' business ( which so far is only notable for how tame it is ), 
  i do believe i saw televised hillary saying `` ooops , i deleted 33k emails , i didnt understand it was important , and i apologize '' . i really dont see how is that `` shady '', 
  i dont know how that links to russia deleting those emails , maybe i 'm not up with current events . 
  and if russia wanted to interfere with us elections and get trump , they could just publish plutonium deal with hillary . 
  we should meet . 
  so good it should be on r/accidentalrenaissance, 
  it is and this is probably just another stunt of remain camp . 
  people voted across the country and now handfull politicians will vote to overturn that.yea sure ... even the most vocal remain parties know political implications of that vote . 
  could lead to civil war and people on top know that . 
  but when we in serbia do that , you send nato to bomb us ... 
  would be interesting to see stats of car incidents there and everywhere else tough . 
  he forgot he is not on internet . 
  great to hear.i wont lie here , we hate clintons hardcore . 
  i wont even argue the `` facts '' you cant back up . 
  it looks like it bloody is . 
  even if we take it for serious that every candidate was engaged in borderline criminal activities in election cycle , why the hell would anyone want to vote for candidate that is this reckless in hiding wrongdoings ? 
  its was somewhat tight in senate if i recall correctly , like 50something to 40something to go with it and without [ un approval ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nato_bombing_of_yugoslavia ) ( first precedent of that kind ) . 
  but we recall pretty clear for whose agenda bill was in for and we recall what world now watch in syria with terrorists being renamed to `` moderate liberation figthers '' being pioneered here with kla . 
  like pure 1 guy hate , like you hate hitler but not all germans kind of thing . 
  did united nations said it was a genocide?cause i trust un more than i do wikipedia on this issues . 
  ah the predecesor of womd of bush and chemical weapons of assad . 
  you still buying that shit?cause here we see a pattern for atleast 25 years man . 
  i counted the victims you linked there , lets round it up to 300 . 
  how the fuck is 300 victims even if they are victims ofintentional hate nationalistic fueled crime on its own territory over 3 year span enough of a reason to bomb a country , without any un approval . 
  and why am i to blame for the fact albanian chicks like serbians ? 
  you know what.milosevic was n't a criminal , milosevic was just assad without russian intervention.tables are turning man . 
  nope.media spin mostly , there were crimes for sure , but overspinned to make us look really bad . 
  like you know , that assad guy in syria with his chemical weapons for instance.but we had no media machinery to fight back then . 
  i could be wrong , but icty is not united nations ? 
  right.i never said kla was religiously motivated , but overthrowing or separatist agenda backed by us in this case remains . 
  nope , you are missing the point . 
  happy cake day . 
  i did and 5 minutes before you . 
  happy cake day, 
  dont say that man , karma goes downhill.world is black and white , serbs bad others good is the way to go . 
  i like to live wild tough . 
  great , now link me what un said about it last year , since un as creator of that court still rules supreme . 
  well did i say that event never took place?srebrenica massacre happened no question about it.srebrenica `` genocide '' did not . 
  cause you have tapes of serbian general escorting women , children and elderly from there . 
  and you dont say the whole story , you just say like that killing came completely out of the blue.like serbs didnt suffer 3 years prior to that in villages around srebrenica by attacks launched from srebrenica . 
   nato had every right to defend a group of people that were being ethnically cleansed . 
  [ oooooooooook ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_storm ), 
  funny how nato supported ethnic cleansing here . 
  no it wasnt.it was same isis just without religious part .
