  wait till the real bandwagon begins . 
  you know that shit about `` there is no bad publicity '', 
  it crumbled here.fuck this show . 
   comparison does n't make puppet parliament more democratic or independent . 
  in russia people talk , in us money talks . 
  i know what is better . 
  get used to that , cause the hate for muricans is real , not just from my confy chair , but from whole eu , russia and dont forget , the biggest loan giver , china . 
  they are actually watching their puppet protector being forced out from syria , so some panic is due . 
  well civilians cant hide behind actions of their officials , cause , you know , they elected them.i dont see that someone on us soil protests for day even over 4 milion refuges but i do see polls of trump winning and i do see aproval of this current foreign policy . 
  could be but i come from a country , far less powrfull than russia who felt what happens when strong leader is replaced by western puppets . 
  putin is allright , for pretty much everyone apart from us, 
   his actions lead to degradation of russian economy , just enough to keep russia contained but not enough to allow china or other nations to gain too much from weakened country . 
  is n't putin a dream of that part of us military circles with cold war way of thinking ? 
  and yet they are going into us playground with 0 fs given . 
  you cant understand , you do n't have tradition of national consciousness to understand that living worse then you did before is soooo easily manageable when you know you are sovereign country than cant be fucked with.instead of being puppet with good living .2 different universes , some people pick later so easily is sickening . 
   of course , liberals and democrats in united states are upset to see fascism-like ideology raising its head in russia . 
  actually fascism is more pronounced in us than anywhere esle in the world.ill go that far that only fascist country in the world now is us.democrats or republicans alike , only thing that changes is that with republicans foreign policy becomes even more aggressive . 
  if you fight vs asad , you get bombed , easy if think about it . 
  tell its in arabic, 
  the same thing nato evaded with bombing of yugoslavia in 1999 ? 
  im not sure you can present this shit to russia now , cause he was invited to come and help by official government.you can say that its bad government but that does n't change that asad is still legit official there and that only russia have moral right to say that . 
  countries who support terrorism fractions should keep their mouths shut now . 
  to be pretty blunt , he cares about france as much as germans cared about maginot line . 
  i just followed the bullshit you tried to sell . 
  its done with that murican catchphrase.there is a new one now . 
  what ? 
   move to russia then . 
  by the recent events be ready for russia coming to you scenario . 
  til : fascism strong in us . 
   define `` worst '' . 
  keeping assad in power will mean that if he was a brutal dictator before ,, 
  stop with this bullshit please.sadam was bad , look at shit now , gadafi was bad , look at lybia . 
  leave them in power , democracy is n't for everyone , especially when it serves foreign interest better than country of allegedly dictator . 
  nice , condom 3 months after pregnancy , will work for sure, 
  knowing sing , no response yet means he is still masturbating to it . 
  biggest disappointment for me was when i figured out he doesnt look like furion courier at all . 
  atleast that other patch guy looks like his flair . 
  ok we should stop denial just about now . 
  its reborn alpha . 
  thanks stupid cunts for downvotes, 
  you breathe on mouth right ? 
  armor yes , this as common knowledge not so much . 
   people in russia continue sucking putin 's dick for handouts while the population subsists on wages vastly inferior to those in the eu . 
  you know eu survives winters cause eu sucks mighty putins dick?with you included . 
  china is bigger market for him than whole of eu, 
  live in a lie, 
  im sure there wont be even the * an investigation will be held . 
  cause its not a fact or event that happened , its just a line of words accusing russia to make her look as shit as us look now . 
   nonprofit human rights organization, 
  ill go on a limp here , financed by cia . 
  i think putin will be more pissed if they failed like , i dont know , us in afganistan, 
  the perfect cover . 
  get out bigot , not your issue, 
  im kinda rock hard watching us downfall.worry about your back passage cause mister russian is by looks of it , well endowed . 
  this is us dearest state after israel . 
  good fro you to come out of closet but its on reddit only so you have to work on it irl also . 
  girls have back passage also and i see us in that bitch role . 
  i think u allrdy enjoy fine rekting , cause you insinuate it even here.bb twinklet . 
  storm is ok in current shape . 
  im just here to make you eat this :, 
  fixed medusa gaining mana with mana shield from attacks that dealt negative damage, 
  i love you lol boys that installed dota in 2013 and smartass like they played battle net . 
  negative health is 1 thing recharging mana over dmg is completely other beast.i dont know why people tought that was ok . 
  they didnt see this clip thats why, 
  either :, 
  1 . you suicide with kill attached to it so it does n't count with valve logic, 
  2 . you have epic kappa gem that will work only with bloodstone, 
  you know how medusa hits with proc only 1 target?could be the same stuff here but on basic dmg level . 
  someone skipped the first rule of windrunner club i see . 
  twinks united, 
  im not really depressed.its more feeling empty for no reason for a while now.i dont find joy in much things but i do find it in dota . 
   they are a passive and oppressed people with some form of psychological degradation . 
  ill report this not cause im russian but because you are really offensive here . 
  if its not playing the way you wanted it to , it has to have some kind of brain malfunction right ? 
  no , its just a regular checkup - dentist probably, 
  that 's pretty much what violating rights really is . 
  pretty much this , i dont like sets and shit that much but i do enjoy even simple weather effect changes.i cant wait for terrain . 
  there will be finite ammount of moneys for next ti if they continue with this `` announced in june released in december '' bullshit, 
  i think what he said that something thats dirt cheap and give you recycle and wager feature that will net you at least couple of somewhat exclusive sets is not that bad at all . 
  yes you wont be able to get any shit taht is good or marketable like new stuff without paying money but thats the way it should go . 
  you shouldnt be buying virtual albums if situation is that rough . 
  its ok guys , sa is democratic , good peacefull ally that follow human right codes by the book . 
   but intel 's chips destroy amd chips in single threaded performance and some multithreaded things . 
  single threaded yes , by some low 2 digit % , in multi threaded stuff , that particular amd does work almost twice as fast as that particular intel . 
  anything that isnt i7 < amd 8cores in multithreading.ofc im talking here about max load of them . 
  you sound like thats a bad thing . 
  topkek, 
  quality and quantity of life is not the same . 
  and i know grass eating jolly jogging wankers who were healthy af and were still hit dead by a bus . 
  so bacon it is . 
  looks like im only one here who played that nymph heal stun thingy . 
  my god , the real time strategy game that let you hop into any unit you made and play it as fps while still issuing build orders and producing units ? 
  technology for that will be there in 2099 . 
  while we are at it , yes , and add zeus arcana to the bunch, 
  ye , i voted and i voted zeus , where is it?i have 30e ready here . 
  `` you are spending too much time with that game '', 
  `` no im not '', 
  `` you should really study harder young man '', 
  `` you are not the boss of me '', 
  `` we are selling the computer '',
