  i am free man for instance but i dont have a right to walk downtown johnson wiggling naked . 
  well us treated lgbt people as mentaly disordered ones 30-40 years ago . 
  i do believe this is all happening today so they can wash themselves from it . 
  that also doesnt mean every country have the urge for that . 
  what his history have to do with being right , russia is targeted as some shithole just because it doesnt catter to us and their recent , very recent , full turn on lgbt rights in general . 
  when western biased reddit site bury your comment , you know people are voting trump and are sick of this fuck russia narrative . 
   the eu is completely voluntary and you can leave at any time , as uk is doing . 
  mhm , uk as pretty big member and founding nation is being shit on by eu everystep of the exit way and you think some small country can just say , cya and leave ? 
  eu is so incorporated in their systems they are n't even sovereign countries anymore and are being held hostage . 
  need proof?greece is still in eu . 
   working civ vi ladies and gents ( no extra chinese malware ), 
  world is starting to be pretty fucked up place then . 
  scientists dont use wikipedia, 
  `` dont worry , they are just a bunch of le savages '', 
  french general , dien bien phu, 
  no its not whatabautism , its just you cant boss other countries to your `` values '', 
  you values are linked to north part of america, 
  from russia ? 
  cause if its not originated from russia , you are agending your values to them . 
  i figured you had to be murican cause they.use that shit catchphrase.didnt.know trend spilled over, 
  evaded my point like a boss but still had to claim im wrong ... classic libtardism, 
  u used cnn as source man ... 
  i like how pissing on mohamed is free speech and this is offensive . 
  to sum it up , even ai is corrupted . 
  no its not , its us unwillingness to recognize difference between 3rd world countries they can bully from country that have on par nuclear and standing army forces . 
   the only reason there are poor russian/usa relations right now are due to putin . 
  about that . 
  so homosexual thinking about traditional marriage is closet heterosexual ? 
  how is that true actually?just syria for instance , who is doing shit ? 
  who is there under international law and who is supporting jihadists ? 
  i didnt ask any of that . 
  ** so homosexual thinking about traditional marriage is closet heterosexual ? 
  this kind of smartassing is why you wont get hillary son ... 
  nothing but bullshit from `` progressives '', 
  for sure im not to blame for your counter knowledge about year 1973, 
  typo , it was 1973, 
  you said hetero thinking about homosexual things is closet gay . 
  i said does marriage and childbirth makes homosexual person heterosexual ? 
   high five ? 
  no homo ? 
  deal then, 
   the ** us is backing rebels ** who want to overthrow the assad regime by giving them weapons . 
  you dont see the problem right here ? 
  ma jok , drugi . 
  freespeech is category that you either follow fully or you dont.i say eu should pick one and stick with it . 
  even if he is bad , why tear country up like it happened in iraq and libya?its completely same pattern and we see results of other 2 . 
  even if `` labeled '' as dictators , they run a completely operational country . 
  nothing but looks like some of the last attempts of current us government to further destabilize us/russia relations . 
  moj spirit animal, 
  its still us troops encircling russia . 
   and russia . 
  russia is the world champion of total , destructive , civilian-casualty-causing war . 
  you count stalin in dont you ? 
  prosrao se gray, 
  in a direct duel of not understanding the world , hillary voter is destroying religious person in stupidity . 
  i like how you people think that average religious person of today is wearing robes , have beard , walks barefooted and shares same world views like people 2000 years ago . 
  its funny that you say that because there are more working churches in present day than neoliberal atheist campuses . 
  thats 100 % bullshit.my point for both of your posts . 
   tl ; dr - for me religious people are those who ca n't think out of the box . 
  actually in modern day , its other way around cause everything is same like 500 years ago but otherway around , now people of science are ditching and shitting on any mention of any kind of religious tought or belief . 
  you know whats funny in all of this?that the most hardcore atheist is a believer in his deathbed . 
  you know what , you are right , you completely won this argument and ill go to rethink everything i ever said cause of this link.have a nice day . 
  atheism is bullshit movement/stance that make people who are atheists think they hold higher intelligence compared to believers.no other purpose than that . 
  never a case tough . 
  i dont , if i can tolerate things i cant relate with i expect that everyone should do the same . 
  problem is when people start bashing religion without really understanding that we are mortal beings and no everyone is ok with the possibility that there is no endgame or restart . 
  if you go from that standpoint , its pretty obvious to see why people flock to believe in some higher power and find some meaning to life in general . 
  problem is in this title.you see how they said religious people understand world less?they should make it other way around . 
  you my friend atheist do n't understand the world or people and why religion and multiple shapes of it was created by same core most basic human issues and questions that are same 10.000 years ago and today . 
  agreed . 
  like neoliberal atheist tesla ? 
   but not a single one of those churches has ever produced anything meaningful to society, 
  holy shit , intented . 
  while we are there newage neoliberal atheist and judging by missleading title , think about the all of the church funded scientific breaktroughs trough history cause the more reponses i see the more i understand that current `` if it doesnt have usb port it aint science '' brigadiers here are biggots and that title should go other way around cause they are stuck in the tinies little box that wont let their brains take a deep breath . 
  i wont link anything because i believe that science oriented atheist like you know who to google `` church infulence on science '' or something similar . 
  have a nice one . 
  not sure if you understand how ground breaking those church funded inventions were for their time . 
  the point you made , cause we cant compare apples and oranges or we can but to no end , is missleading , and dont try to make instituion of church and their followers like mouthbreathing neanderthals , cause huge ammount of our history is still hard linked to that institution . 
  the point is , can you disprove it?cause if we went with that logic , you would n't have theoretical anything in science . 
  and lets , theoreticaly hihi , say you can disprove everything religion oriented , completely busted . 
  did we gain or lose something with that ? 
  that knowledge doesnt serve any purpose . 
  who are you to claim otherwise ? 
   i do n't know if it would help or not, 
  exactly what i asked there . 
  so why trying to discredit some belief that unless it turns completely radical isnt any problem whatsoever . 
  i hope they wait till evening time in most of us . 
  are you really denying here you dont support isis ? 
  funny how rocket engines are allowed for import tough ... 
  you are lucky germany exist at all champ ... 
  makes him look like a twat he really is . 
  kako to pijes bez nas ? 
  hold down satan , we should send part of her to every country, 
  koliko je to njih rekloeeeeeeeeee, 
  pa sad si vec naceta , next friday kod o.k. 
  just do n't cling cling glasses on funeral cause it makes you look like you are celebrating death of that person . 
  cant be simpler than that . 
  da i da, 
  he dont use gym over weekends probably, 
  srbi krivi no questions asked .
