  daygays is proper term since daytwinklets dont rhyme . 
  you can do that without being a cash-grabbing sellout.principles.those are things . 
  you are a kid , stuff changes, 
  he not wrong tough . 
  i do?really ? 
   you are jsut a kid still , i say that in non offensive manner , save this words you said and read them , in like 5 years . 
  there is no aegis, 
  oh you mean you will stop posting on your 5 day account and shit ... its not that big of a deal really, 
   but here you are , bashing him every chance you get . 
  every chance and thread i see . 
  day 9 fucking filter plz, 
  and eat shit cunt , your `` all history '' defend that sean faggot.sick and tired of you daygays.go gobble on his , shoo . 
  when kid without mental issues says this `` he 's more than likely better than you at the game already so i 'd stfu '', 
  every isis bearded terrorist now looks like a civilian . 
  happy happy joy joy, 
   because countries like ukraine ~ ~ were ~ ~ running by corrupt morons, 
  * are, 
  you hate him just because he didnt cut his dick off like you did, 
  take freaking notes valve !, 
  tought tumblr is for you sissies, 
  concept art is not better . 
  i heard on internets that day9 was grandmaster on all 3 races . 
  talking about bullshit . 
  only because more competition in actuall numbers of players that were playing sc2 vs bw . 
  if sc had numbers of sc2 in west , day9 would be diamond/master player level, 
  not even starting twitch nor getting 1000 levels like i wanted to.glad i waited with that , i would kick my self in the butt if i did . 
  shills , bots and fangirls . 
  fat balding guy.slacks atleast have charisma and not fakeass autist staresmile, 
  wont take long to people understand how annoying that cunt is no matter how much shills he bought of on reddit, 
  leech 101 man , day9 is a leecher, 
  this goes 2 ways shill, 
   also , # of players is almost irrelevant . 
  bullshit and thats the only reason why sean is considered pro in any sense of the word . 
   what ? 
  day9 was gm in sc2 and, 
  season 1 right maybe , after he had 6 months head start with beta and before people played in bigger numbers . 
  see , competition again . 
  [ i have the bald gaben statue ] ( https://sep.yimg.com/ca/i/yhst-83646118881192_2268_200035199 ), 
   he was still gm 3 years after sc2 came out ( 2012 , its prime ), 
  i would trust you but, 
  `` at some point , he had stated that all three of his accounts were in grandmaster league . 
  [ 4 ] however , upon being challenged on this point , he never provided any evidence of this , and it is now widely believed [ by whom ? ], 
  he is at a high masters level . '', 
  bear in mind , this guy was grandmaster at some point, 
  also , use logic . 
  dota to dota comparison , you cant say chelsea football team would win ti cause of popularity and sound reasonable . 
   regardless , he was n't top 100 or even top 5 in bw na , he was # 1 at one point, 
  i was the best in cs 1.6 in the lan parties we held for a box of beer . 
  same achievement actually but in different game . 
  im trolling said the guy who said this : `` so are the top 1 % of league players better than the top 1 % of dota players ? '', 
  its the same game you log . 
  why not compare dota to dota2 then ? 
  what skype?problem with being in public ? 
   you are fucking retarded . 
  paid promotion or retarded . 
  no middle ground . 
  non plural , you retard , unless you are 6 people , you are solo nonplural retard . 
  comprende ? 
  again you fangirl ? 
  there is no joke here , its the real truth , see it unfolding in this ti . 
  in all honesty , on what discord are you organizing this daygay brigade ? 
  i dont even need to explain to people , they will just read your butthurt comment . 
   the only way that 's different is if you say ` well , overall the players of x are better or more hardcore than players of y ' but that means sc bw top 1 % is way more impressive than top 1 % in sc2, 
  ok this is exact stuff i have problem with when people say that sc is same as sc2 and why i say competition , more precise , lack of it , enabled day9 to be considered pro by any stretch of imagination , and not pro as being paid for skill , but pro as `` he was really '' good . 
  when you say sc bw 1 % in day9 thread , atleast you shouold be honest and say that that 1 % is true only if you completely exclude korea from that stat . 
  what i say all along , sean was top tier in nonexisting competative envorioment.or even better he was the best of second tier scbw players . 
  fangirl , i care about downvotes as much as dota community cares about your felicity idol , no matter how much you shills brigade here . 
  in na with handfull of active players . 
  you dont follow man , you really dont . 
  think it as football , or soccer like americans call it , its same thing.especially at that time . 
  imagine being number 1 na football/soccer team and on base of that you go around and talk how you are top 1 % . when every second tier club from europe could stomp you till tears . 
  noncompetative and low skill envorioment made day9 pro , not his skill cause if that was the case , he would rekt korea , like he didnt . 
   he was top 16 globally . 
  how ? 
  what magic math , please do explain . 
  oooo the invitationals makes him top 16 , cause all regions are invited ... 
  man , man , man ... 
  based on that he is top16?are you serious now ? 
  edit : whats with idra and what is your point with idra ? 
   the fact that he is # 1 out of over a million players, 
   the fact that he has beaten korean pros is n't enough for you, 
  give win ratio vs koreans if that would shut your mouth allready . 
  you still dont understand what invitationals are and based on that and fluke games you are defending him like agood fangirl should, 
  day9 = mediocre player without competition in his region = pro on r/dota2, 
   the fact that he beat idra is n't enough for you, 
  4/5 pull was that good, 
   i 'm not doing that much research for you . 
  cause you know how pathetic it was and how that shows how much of shit tier `` pros '' were outside of korea . 
   go watch day9 vs xellos for your first broodwar game !, 
  rekt like there was no tommorow.and it was xellos vs day9 , pro vs wannabe.2-0 first round wannabe pro go home . 
   was that english ? 
  you called being competitive in broodwar na not mattering compared to sc2 na . 
  well the best na player in sc2 was idra/huk depending on the week , so that logic is flawed as hell if day9 was going toe to toe with him . 
  butthurt fangirl i see , you always start bitching and crying and smartassing when exposed . 
  day9 = good player in shit skill envorioment . 
  public nervous ? 
  you have no one to talk with so you start inviting people from reddit ? 
  you will be literally shaking if you dont disclose this as you are right ? 
  will you offer me some day9 shill money to not post on his threads anymore ? 
  why would i ?
