   yea yea we get it . 
  you dont like him or even `` hate '' him ( which is funny cause how can you hate someone you dont even know : brain , 
  you can know alot from his former actions , like being gamehopping sellout, 
  man most of us didnt host , but we know what shit hosting is , especially when compared to redeye standards, 
   then theres 7.00 , shit changed a lot , especially the looks something that some veterans did n't like . 
  about every fifth guy from my steam flist stopped playing then . 
  again , you dint have to play dota.it not your job to be a host . 
  redeye dont play but the smoothness he brings topless day9 uptight borderline clingy choke on panelists . 
  saw on yesterday , its was so much worse than we are used to get on ti . 
  well 3k player opinion is still more than enough for r/dota2, 
  well he invented new way to diagnose retardation . 
  you just need to be 3k dota player , be placed right next to ppd . 
  if you ask him on his insights , keep your opinion to yourself and let him talk , you are not retarded . 
  im starting to blame purge for this shitshow, 
  he is good youtuber when he can talk to himself and do whatever he wants . 
  on the other hand , he is subpar , at best mediocre host/caster, 
  good for you , i like b production movies also, 
  you have to be retarded to understand man , dont know what he is thinking, 
  he is used to be smartest kid in his room.in sc2 scene nobody would fucking dare to make him look stupid live but he is forgeting this aint sc . 
  the fact that just by being botted up on front page of r/dota2 for 6 months can get you to host ti without any other hosting expiriance even remotely similar to the scope of this tournament and not a single hosted minor dota tournament at all , is really concerning . 
   lol . 
  flashbacks ? 
  oh they are good movies for b production standard , but i would n't let people involved in those movies to host oscars . 
  mhm , you can hear him in dota 2 chat wheel with no passion . 
  all i see is fangirls and brigading , like for last 6 months or so . 
  thinking that more than 5 % of dota population wanted day9 at ti is really brave thing . 
  and still , you would want best of the best for dota oscars.not day9 b production . 
  in those 10 esport proffesional years he saw this big of crowd only if he drove by some stadium on the way to lan party he was hosting . 
  im skipping it for sure , problem is his faggot voice is even in client during pick phases so i know what going on . 
  both of them pretty much asked question i would ask if i was there . 
  day9 just tryhard to explain to viewers that he actually plays dota . 
  it would be if i was day9 fangirl, 
  also : life not live, 
  games are great , just that side-thing with day9 is keeping it from being perfect . 
  to be honest , if reddit starts to coach you how to do your job , you are really fucking up grande . 
  why we catter for vocal minority of reddit is the question and the problem . 
  oh it is , if his threads barely break 500 comments with half of that comments bashing him and asking who the fuck he is , then you know . 
  all happening on sub with 350k subscribers .3 % of dota2 player base.cmon math . 
  explain to me , how is 3 % of dota population on this sub , with say 1k upvotes out of 350k subscribers is actuall majority and not just brigading . 
  1000 upvotes on reddit auto system is majority of 350.000, 
  lookslegit . 
  everyday we stray further from god 's light, 
  i did , you used majority of people not giving a fuck , like 345.000 vs 1-5k to persuade me that day9 is popular . 
   you dont know if its the vocal minority . 
  you just hope it is . 
  your words, 
  like i said , look very legit . 
  it proves that he can bot his way to ti . 
  since nobody gives a fuck about him , you need just a little push from brigadiers to host ti . 
  and you said majority likes him.down go rogue now, 
  ** in those 10 esport proffesional years he saw this big of crowd only if he drove by some stadium on the way to lan party he was hosting . 
  saying that day9 is bad on reddit is same as saying there are only 2 genders on reddit . 
  even tough both statements are true , ammount of autistic downvote screaching tries to cover that up is trully fascinating . 
  i cant bold it more for you . 
  you ask questions lime you didnt read, 
  its great line if you got so triggered , must be hearing it alot rignt ? 
   are you retarded ? 
  no , im not day9 fanboy, 
  i saw what this all about is way back and i love hearing how much garbage day9 is on scene, 
  still vocal minority is just that, 
  i know you are to stupid to understand but i try, 
  being good host has nothing to do about pasion for the game . 
  you can be proffesional like redeye and be great at multiple games and communities or be day9, 
  thats why i try to explain all along . 
  its reddit and purges fault . 
  90 % of what people ? 
  day9 is legit blizzard exclusive kid . 
  blizzard is to blame for no true king . 
  hence fuck day9 . 
  dont question it , you aint hetero . 
  man , twitch chat bashing on this garbage host is best thing ever, 
  guy faked his whole life, 
  since 2010 day9 managed to suffocate all the great talents in sc2 and he pretty much worked for blizzard only and did only sc2 gigs . 
  redeye on the other hand is adored in hugely popular games left and right . 
  why does host needs to play the game?what is wrong with you . 
  whats next, 
  `` look at that abed 10k shit , he cant even host ti . '', 
  you actually have a point here.but reddit hivebrain . 
  why now make newb stream material guy as host ? 
  thats the joke character akka, 
  valve ip blocks reddit.instant growth . 
  vocal majority here wants pussyfication of casters . 
  rants and shittalk are core of dota . 
  we have to suffer for now so we can enjoy when he gets fired . 
  bringing 3k logic to ti panel and talking over real pros . 
  thats not serious . 
  i dint know , if term champion is associated with lol , ita funny how we dont have some term for dota and hosts can just use whatever generic term . 
  we really need to make consesus about term for dota characters . 
  i believe the term hero would fit very nicely . 
  ok , now go and ask then for gaber sandals speach . 
  how is that helping?you think that having 3k `` veteran '' unknown apart from starcraft scene will bring viewers that will actually install dota and endure first 500 games without giving up ? 
  seriously , how is day9 adressing that?thats like saying valve kept newb stream with sunsfan because it made people want to play dota . 
  the reason why we dont have newb stream anymore is :, 
  3k hosts do not bring new players . 
  redeye bring professionalism day9 never had you fucking fangirl . 
  he is shit host because he is trying to catter to new players ? 
  ok , i heard it all in regards to day9, 
  i know he is gamehopping starcraft cunt who just chase money and viewers . 
  his passion comes and goes with money . 
  pro is very very loose term in sean case .
