  ova mi je nedge 2 + piva lepa, 
  hungary , like hands down . 
  [ najja\u010di klip ikada ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p8lpyyhx8iy ), 
   analvanu, 
  low standards, 
  i thought they would ban truck transport . 
  you are the kind of guy that will think the same on wednesday as he did on monday , no matter what kind of shit happened on tuesday . 
  edit : evo kako da se resite trolova, 
   nismo rasisti definitivno, 
  pricaj u svoje ime, 
  lale aproves, 
   i disagree with that . 
  what does it matter to you what someone else has ? 
  market price . 
  following your logic we should all have every rare and ultra rare from chests . 
  magarece su to brige . 
  morao sam da proverim na kom sam subu . 
  we justify killings all the time mister sjw , why so shocked ? 
  yes , only pro lgbt stances should be considered like actual science right ? 
  edit : watching sjw bandwagoning without popcorns suck . 
  so , you cant publish science text from scientists unless you focus on 1 particular part of science ? 
   not when it 's a scientific journal . 
  you do n't just grab from any field available . 
  mhm , lem me get this straight , pun on purpuse, 
  you are telling me , when publishing science stuff , you must focus your work on exactly one field of science to be legit source even tough every separate field is written by scientists specialized in that particular field ? 
  while on reddit , and while im not really homophobic but really hate 1 group of people being put on pedestal for no fucking any reason , i have developed a feeling that you can smear shit on piece of paper under the title gay is ok and it would be suffice to be called science or indisputable fact . 
  anything talking against it however , even ever so slightly , is being ditched like christian influenced propaganda , regressive , caveman logic , cisgendered whatever the fuck that means , insert random reason of oppression , yadayada . 
  kinda getting real sick of that and starting to , unwillingly , lean to the hate gays group , thanks to you sweethearts . 
  nope , cause as i said , every article is written by people that work in the field article is about . 
  you may or may not understand the impact of apollo missions as bad template , but i do n't see nasa refuting them as clowns like you do . 
  he went full agility, 
  nabukko vs southstream, 
  pokusava da proda monitor a ne da je u/hadrijana stavi na ignore . 
  actually , there was a smeared shit part you missed and in contrast of that what you obviously biased asked . 
  let me ask you a simple question . 
  how many genders exist ? 
  it relates with lgb and t with later as medicaly supresed with drugs , like mental disorder . 
  why you have to derail circlejerk man ... 
  i 'm not sure why you are so shocked , people do similar things in europe . 
  just replace dogs with children and china with bbc . 
  like couple of.months.ago . 
  either its goldfish memory or denial, 
  that 's a spoon !, 
   nobel laureates can complain and criticize as much as they want but that 's not going to do anything . 
  everyone know that tpp is shit and confirming that on daily basis by high profile people is always nice . 
   i do n't really understand the how something like tpp which is secretly negotiated can be passed in a functioning democracy . 
  `` functioning democracy '' that started tpp idea gave legitimacy to the terms `` bribe '' and `` corruption '' in a safe word called `` lobbying '' . 
  and here we fucking are now . 
  realno je intel kriv za to nesrecno markiranje . 
  git gud mode . 
  program za retardiranu naciju , veca produkcijska vrednost od lee kis ali princip idiotizma je isti . 
  [ loto devojka ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e_alwblpemq ), 
  quick , tell hillary to organize the def ... scratch that . 
  ma pusti te price . 
  ratko mladic chronicles . 
  [ video sinoc , ali gledam komentare tamo ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xzxzjggox_e_ ), 
  copypaste game is weak . 
  you explained seaman episode of southpark, 
  gold digging soso ok caster from sc2 . 
  his passions concentrate at money . 
  his brother is huge caster , this guy is sc2 blogger . 
  i wonder why he didnt love it when it was smaller than sc2, 
  nope just dont praise mediocre guy like he is any good, 
  cause bw isnt sc2 and being pro in bw doesnt make you a good caster of sc2 , even less for dota 2 . 
  top tier , western tournaments.you can pick only one . 
  day9 did more for sc scene than tastless?the fuck . 
  i could argue that freaking husky did more for sc2 scene than day9 and probably win it . 
  thats all bullshit.as is that term moba.if he said moba 1 time , there is 1 more reason to not let him to community . 
  he would had some `` free time l '' for . 
  `` mobas '' if they held ti6 sized tournament then . 
  he saw ti6 prize pool, 
  that would be the dream . 
  2gd is far superior version of day9, 
  day9 is here for money , not because he have passion for vidya games of dota 2 , he just monitored prize pools and decided `` dota 2 looks more promising than lol '', 
   another caster who is all opinion and no expertise . 
  coulndt say it better myself , ignore the circlejerk downvoter man, 
  why he have to kill my dog , i can hate golddiggers and leechers without that . 
  wonderfull asslicking by you also . 
  why would you turn everything off part of aa in fullhd ? 
  probably , but day9 is gold digging scum . 
  if you followed him during his sc2 carrier you would know why , the second sc2 scene went south guess what rat abandoned first to go `` in game making carrier '' . imagine when he got sacked where is he back to ? 
  boat switching money grabbing leech.yes / no s, 
  you tripping people worth talking to visit reddit . 
  2 way street fanboy, 
  its still 2 way street, 
  nope , newton is legit . 
  edison is more like apple ceo, 
  by the preorder trend , they can even go.as `` hello.sucker '', 
  fucking finally.thanks . 
  u/milutin make it da se desi, 
  sexy flair bratori, 
  if i did n't read comment above , i would say you are cunt . 
  you are , not he is . 
  cause when you say your rig it doesnt mean you play at same resolution !, 
  low end pc is a margin that improves over time , if you had shit pc in 2012 it doesnt mean that is the standard for shit pc in 2016 . 
  could be net.i see shit ton of people not understanding difference between lag and choppiness of frame rate . 
  250x amd , i5 ,8 gb , full hd , vsync on , only aa off , locking on 60fps , part from immortal gardens and that pestilence weather shit . 
  4k vs 1600x900 !, 
  wtf is 2.8 k ress , what are details?its not about the machine 99 % its about idiots who are not really smart . 
  `` 2.8 k ress '' with low is twice as better than 4k with high.comprendinho ?
