  i know pretty good what happened.you understand my point now ? 
   the number of serb refugees was reported to be as many as 200,000 by the international media [ 178 ], 
  under refugee crisis part . 
  i told my bias , but you hide as `` kosovar '' * , why so shady man . 
  i think mladic would kill atheist martians from srebrenica as reprisal , this wasnt about religion at all , it was your troops did this to my people now i do this to you . 
  and heart to heart , did he escort women and children?yea , he probably killed everyone at military age but did he escort the rest ? 
  no my point is that world is not unilateral anymore and media prefix of yugoslav conflict have 2 side of the story ,1 side was intentionally silenced till recent years . 
  and russia does n't have veto power without any reason whatsoever mind you . 
  wherever its going its not fixing makeup on its way , 
  this happens when you skip history classes kids . 
  i think its 0 kmh in saudi arabia , 
  that even more frightening then skipping history . 
  unless car is programmed by man she is related to . 
  no im the best neighbour romania have , serbia , belgrade . 
  yea , so thats why im popular with romanian girls then , good to know . 
  and dont get me started about hungarian girls !, 
  and why west hold dear memories of him . 
   i love when people proclaim the ukraine crisis was a us orchestrated coup . 
  it kind of adds up when bad business partner to us and close partner of russia wins legitimate elections.ukraine was n't first country to have this kind of `` revolution '' . 
  everything that happened during and after the protests is shady af like in every other country similar `` uprising of the people '' happened . 
   he 's a fucking human rights expert , he is decidedly not an lbgt `` expert '' . 
  not sure if edgy or serious . 
  `` champions in timely child abuse reporting '' bbc news . 
  this is the situation where you usually copypaste the post you are responding to , bold it and drop mic . 
  but i cant force myself to do that with the bullshit written there . 
  came here for this comment, 
  chill out hillary, 
  that 's not church tough , that 's a rogue institution . 
  comments are top class ... 
  we are at that time that you have to read 5 completely biased sources from 5 sides to find out what is in the middle . 
  i can guarantee there was a guy who said that same exact sentence in 1963 . 
  relevant username man . 
  like we all dont know why ukraine is not a member . 
  you are not crazy , you are just no historian . 
  should explain alot.china is now just reintegrating it.sloooooowly . 
  like transcript of american wet dream . 
  listen that guy gives skewed information . 
  he say even oposition parties are for nato while opositiom and people are aganst it . 
  milo , the top smuggler in montenegro is next gaddafi who only needs to make this deal happen and he will share same destiny . 
  denial man , bad stuff, 
  its not stupid when we vote on 1 single day . 
  today is only last day of voting in us , they can vote for extended period of time so no need for silence . 
   lying to voters on one of the biggest decisions in decades for their country ? 
  i do n't know about that.look at us elections right now and say what you said without a chuckle . 
  generations that were there before eu voted for exit , that should mean something by itself and especially when you compare it to youth that is politically retarded at best . 
  you think most of people know stats and watch stats?they just know how the live now and they vote accordingly.you can throw stats around the guy who lost his job to immigrants or his big company moving to 3rd world country , he will still vote for change . 
  you make it sound like remain campaign didnt lie or was not allowed lie . 
  its even playfield man . 
  intensity of remain information in last couple of days here couldnt supress your post man.gj, 
  yap , letting you . 
  i dont see what can go wrong . 
  yea he have whole life ahead of him ... 
  did you really compare coal union with eu since 90s ? 
   age does not always bring wisdom, 
  you can be wise or not be but you cant be naive as youth is . 
   i 'd argue the older people were naive to an extent , believing that by voting leave , the nhs would magically be well-funded , immigrants would be chucked from dover 's cliffs and suddenly we would be free of all the restraints binding us from external sources all within the days after the vote . 
  see if they do n't vote for that now , you wont have that later.like its not that they do n't know that it wont be instant swap but this is the first step to that direction , thing that young population dont even comprehend . 
  same isis shit is in allepo but west calls them `` moderates '', 
  you can call shit jam , but its still shit . 
  nothing but she pays money for those posts so people have to spam like that, 
  moaning and whining of this sub woke me up , and on my day off ... 
  i think they got the memo now, 
  fuck mainstream media tbh, 
  dont see any problem with that, 
  proportiinaly smaller than us , see nato members . 
  now you dont have , you dont have hillary donations baggage.trumo can do real reforms . 
  i love how we still consider russia to be ussr but not germany as third reich . 
  holy butthurt, 
  like people will forget the shitshow they were putting and backing for last 20 years ... 
  you say that like its a bad thing, 
   putin rehabilitated stalin . 
  victor of wwii , why not ? 
   the wwii victory is the most important celebration of the year ( apart from new years ' ) . 
  call me when germany rehabilitates hitler and celebrate the annexation of france/poland/etc . 
  you batshit crazy son . 
   if you can not recognize stalin as the ruthless and paranoid dictator he was , you need to re-check your history books . 
  right man at right place in right time . 
   even the communist party ( partially ) renounced him after his death . 
  see how you can agree with communists when its for your cause but denounce them in form of ussr . 
  thats called spinning however you see fit, 
  enough of that neo liberal fascism from the west tbh , lets see how this will go, 
  are you saying what we all knew all along in r/politics ? 
  us supports same shit on `` kosovo '' * , well atleast till now, 
  every graph i look says mister opportunist revitalised economy pretty good without trump . 
  im other news nvidia didnt sell any of their 1380 gtx graphic cards . 
  he doesnt think anybody but us can have interests . 
   otherwise we are setting a massively destabilizing precedent, 
  stealing province from serbia eas precedent , crimea is less violent variation of it.with referendum and 0 bombs . 
  every putins action abroad is de facto reaction to us ploy of some sort . 
  if us adopts any peacefull foreing stance , we can pretty stable world for forseeable future . 
  4k people dead over 3 years?ethnic clensing ? 
  more people died in ukraine then shqips over 3 year war and you cry ethnic clensing . 
  cnn is like a whorehouse tbh . 
   where are all the apologists now . 
  ukraine is gone . 
  tbh ukraine wouldnt be done if usandeu didnt back that euromaidan coup . 
  you are blaming wrong side here . 
  to bad your president thinks otherwise, 
  why qoute adolf here ? 
  you gained nothing tbh , crimea is gone and alone would be enough for putins image and his foothold on middle east .
