  whole world suported [ this guy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/josip_broz_tito ) followed by up to date [ biggest funeral of any politician by numbers of foreign chiefs present ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zavpnkhrefw ), 
  no democracy , no elections even , no free speech , no essential freedoms , just maintained somewhat social equality and was not opressive to his people , most of the times atleast , he did commit vile crimes as sending people to basicly concetration camps in early 1950-s https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w1yyma6yrii, 
  he was same as gadaffi but yet not a problem . 
  explain me that selective hypocrite mess you are trying to sell me here.cause i said gadaffi should stay and i never said nazis are same as gaddafi in both terms of crime or world peace . 
  thats a book sale marketing man ... 
  about the :, 
   to the people , not at all . 
   to the government , yes . 
  that government will provide him with a fair trial before a jury of his peers . 
  part , you dont see how estranged people are to government or viceversa?someone is in wrong there for sure . 
   t 's pretty simple . 
  dictators are always illegitimate , but sometimes they can be supported because that is in the us interest . 
  when their rule is not in the interest of the us , they are opposed . 
  since the only way to remove a dictator is through violence , that is the only path that can be taken . 
  you dont find that , funny , to say the least?sickening is right word tough but u finaly said it how it is so ill let that open for interpretation . 
   that 's compared to a western style liberal leader elected through a democratic process . 
  in that case , the leader is always legitimate , even if the us disagrees with him . 
  why it has to be liberal to be recognized?orban isnt liberal?erdogan aint no liberal?anyhow check this, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slobodan_milo%c5%a1evi%c4%87 then this https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/overthrow_of_slobodan_milo%c5%a1evi%c4%87, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/viktor_yanukovych then this https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/euromaidan, 
   the us still has to respect the leader in question , and still considers him legitimate . 
  cough, 
  but werent both him and the other guy fair and square won the democratic elections you told they need to be recognized ? 
  even if he did commit the violent crimes , he is still legaly elected president and you said that :, 
   that 's compared to a western style liberal leader elected through a democratic process . 
  in that case , the leader is always legitimate , even if the us disagrees with him . 
  why did us and whole eu stand behind euromaidan protests if they knew it would make even more mess in ukraine in its aftermath then if yanukovich stayed in power ? 
  like same stuff happened like with that guy we talked about , your `` illegal ruler of libya '' gaddafi . 
  dont bullshit me now cause u had sensible argument so far , how can you pull hitler paralel here?that like libtard last unwitty stand and you dont even know where to start cracking that bullshit argument.its like tom cruise in that precrime shit movie, 
  and wth is with liberal democracy again ? 
  are you saying us and some eu countries are deliberately overthrowing legal governments for sole reason they are bad partners to them ? 
  how is yanukovich dictator/illegitimate if he held democratic election year before protests and was in power long before said elections ? 
  you had potential man , but you blew it ... 
  like the rule you delete 30.000 confidential top secred mails and you can still be in presidential race ? 
  or the rule when you can get open public money for your foundation from various parties/warmongering countries/wannafightbutwillneedarmsupport rebels and not being corrupted for the position you are running to get ? 
  evading jail cause of same monetary injections to courts and prosecutors to be still able to run presidential race ? 
   in a democracy , the rule of law applies to everyone . 
  the fuck man , do you really believe what you are saying here ? 
  yap saw it . 
  oh , oh yea right right . 
  tbh , now i understand your proamerican stance , anti libya/syria stance , and you should know my basicaly antius stance on same principle . 
  im from serbia . 
  anyhow , with that last post i see we wont agree or understand to full what each of us is talking so , its getting late here , good night !, 
  im from serbia and they bombed us to mine from kosovo and metohija and i aprove this message, 
  from 1 to 4 point , is the state of affairs here from 1990-s to present day . 
  its only hypocritical if you do n't know what actually happened . 
  i cant go retype everything i said , i think you will find answers as you go down this chain , have fun talk to you tommorow . 
  i triggered you somehow.but lets say i am pathetic douche.you try to be a wiser man and either stop spamming nonsence or debunk pathetic douche . 
  its point 2 and 3 in guys comment . 
  4k siptarian terrorist killed over 3 year long civil war is ethnic cleansing ? 
  why you dont say that kla was on international terrorist list before nato intervention?its same shit with isis and `` moderate rebels '' in syria . 
  who knows man , how putin rolls nowadays and since we are marked as villains we are not , we should atleast do what we were accused of . 
  about what ? 
  yea , thanks . 
  i saw he went too biased on the first run , from what i saw smurf account . 
  lose kapiras to sto citas deda . 
  '' * king : ... who show leadership ability . 
  but , we do n't know the -- for example , you and kosovo . 
  would you have done what clinton did ? 
  * trump : well , i would have done it a little bit differently . 
  and i know this would sound terrible . 
  but look at the havoc that they have wreaked in kosovo . 
  i mean , we could say we lost very few people . 
  of course , we had airplanes 75,000 feet up in the air dropping bombs . 
  but , look at what we 've done to that land and to those people and the deaths that we 've caused . 
  ** now , they have n't been caused with us and the allies because we were way up in the air in planes . 
  but , at some point , you had to put troops in so not everybody could go over the borders and everything else , and a lot of people agree with that . 
  ** now , would people have been killed ? 
  perhaps , perhaps more . 
  but , at least ultimately , you would have had far fewer deaths . 
  and you would n't have had the havoc and the terror that you 've got right now . 
  * so , you know , i do n't know if they consider that a success because i ca n't consider it a success . 
  lokalno pricamo , 
  im glad future things like this will be far easier to explain to broad public , we didnt have that luxury back in the 1999 ... 
  stigao sam do `` marketers everywhere want their brand building ... '', 
  good sir , i didnt sence a a slight of bias in your statement . 
  however i did smell alot of bullshit . 
  you never saw combat , and if you did you engaged sand poeple with your superior air force and militirary . 
  russia is not anything your and 2 generations before you engaged, 
   russia has no interest in participating in international system, 
  you dont see that russia is only sensible player in international showdown for like last 10 years or so ? 
  and that includes technical anex of crimea , i can elaborate that one, 
  dinner , will be back in 20 min, 
  surprise sex sorry . 
  not arguing mood now.you are right . 
  crumbles shit, 
  i never saw a tutorial on how to use windows . 
  that easy, 
  india probably does n't need freedom export from us . 
  like im hearing that kirby cunt from department . 
  we really live in a troublesome world when comments like this are being controversial . 
  title make it sounds like its a bad thing . 
   i 'm not a fan of hillary ( or trump ) , but she does n't seem like the kind of person that would get trigger happy with nukes . 
  could be cause she didnt have access to the trigger.i really dont want to check if she is or isnt . 
   it is controversial because it is ignorant , we would all love for putin and assad to wipe out isis , but all they 've done in recent months , and really for the entire conflict , is sit back and let the us coalition fight isis . 
  i really do need clarification of whatever you said here . 
   russia and assad have been focusing all their attention on aleppo ,, 
  can you heart to heart honest say why ? 
   and have made virtually no gains against isis in the past couple months . 
  just look at where russia is concentrating their air strikes in october : https://twitter.com/primesourceint/status/785421789279158272/photo/1 .
