  well they are not lying.with dipping miniaturization process its not hard to imagine full blown cpu and gpu being together on same chip . 
  its not new idea , in 1990-s there was a thing called coprocessor that was used for faster floating point calculations.they werent physicaly on same piece of silicon but eventually , with allready mention miniaturization , it was included . 
  i7 and something like gtx970 is probably doable even today ( just the chip of gtx970 ofc , everything else should be on mother board ) . 
  this guy was anticold, 
   mr pribylovsky 's involvement in politics was not entirely observational . 
  in 1993 he founded the russian subtropical party , which campaigned for the introduction of a minimum air temperature of 20 degrees celsius in all regions of the russian federation . 
  til : bio breaks are not breaks for reading biology books . 
  serbia here , got some promotional offer from national telecommunication agency for 50mbps for little less than euro.took it cause 10mbps was like only 5e cheaper . 
  keyword : national ** not privatized ** telecommunication agency . 
  its not that i wont buy sc , but when i see scale of it i kinda wish for some simple explosive space combat stuff . 
  like freespace 3 . 
  arena commander looks like lazy snail on uphill compared to freespace . 
  i want freespace and sc :(, 
  i wouldnt be surprised if half of them had dedicated gpu but bios is overriding it and they whine on forums for bad fps . 
  putlocker.is you conformist casual . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=taryfiurxmq ), 
  i need to know what gb team is first . 
  ( talking about u/kapri123 ), 
  edit : ispade ceo sub extravergine, 
  well , im here offering her my stiff support . 
  doslo je to vreme da je prosjacenje in . 
  eg is kinda overrated.its long since ti5 and i still have feeling that they only won it cause rtz was in secret . 
   salty bugarce, 
  tenks, 
  edit : dodao nekom vlascu, 
  izvoli ? 
  same , serbia 50/1 is roughly 15euro . 
  our communication agency isnt in private sector tough . 
  [ original ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cfi5dmcm02u ), 
  [ inb4 ] ( http://static3.fjcdn.com/comments/reddit+is+one+huge+circle+jerk+the+can+t+even+_77581654564b1c634c65a2d015f2b0fe.png ), 
   supertramp, 
  [ u pravu si nije youtube ] ( http://en.musicplayon.com/play?v=238579 ), 
  whenever i see skinny people i automatically assume they masturbate 24/7 . 
  source : was skinny . 
  edit : and floss, 
  ok guys , who wrote scripts for football?and where to download ? 
  he can only die for oil.right ? 
  not sure about him , but christians as gods servants are pretty much pissed off . 
   because russians kind of hate jews . 
  dont be so specific , most of world doesnt like jews , and its not cause of bible or holocaust denial , its cause of the shit israel did since its forming . 
  ok , go tear down louvre to make this point stand . 
  i dont want to edit , but my point was , in reddit style , jew hate intensified with israel bullshit , everywhere , not just russia . 
  didnt we all do that at some point ? 
  suuuuuuuuuuuuuuuure . 
  we can do it , in good ol gods name . 
  human life worth compared to relics that prior human life made is really a shitty way of saying that our ancestors arent worth a shit and should be forgoten for maintance of our way of conformist lives . 
  do you really think your or anybodys present life is worth more to anyone except your pretty close family at best?see news on this sub ,30 people died in some forsaken country just like that and for literal nothing.did you twitch about it ? 
  man , cmon , there is a thing.smuggle.jesus you yanks are pretty delusional . 
  well , we wouldnt smuggle oil to turkey , so not literal . 
  i just responded to guy with same view like you.its fundamentaly wrong thinking.you are shitting all over yourself with that claim . 
  you are and to explain this obvious stuff to you will require pencil and paper.its hard over internet , i dont draw nice in paint . 
   they are n't worth it . 
  they 're dead . 
  its their fucking legacy and with that said its our legacy . 
  its that simple.it means nothing they are dead when we are left with their work . 
  you are losing big chunk of everything we are with 1 cultural heritage at the time . 
  you are prime example of why we are globally stuck as we are . 
   shut the fuck up . 
  this aplies to you only , cause you are backing up statement that nobody , including myself shouldnt risk his life of protecting history relics . 
  cause , as you and everybody like you know , culture doesnt really fuel your tank to work . 
  you value curent human life more than prior and thats a hellova problem.cause that kind of people only , and this is not generalizing , only thinks about and in diameter of their own asses , like nothing was before and nothing will be after them . 
  do you even read what you are responding to . 
  there was a smartass like you , who thinks that culture isnt something to defend even when amry member said he should go there . 
  i know what hypocrite means you bandwagon notevenreadingshityoupostabout scrub . 
  cmon guy on top of this thread said :, 
   i 'm up for sending in groups just to protect this relics . 
  we are losing a major part of local and world history with this ... 
  followed by, 
   well i am in the army so yes . 
  so how the hell can someone in his right mind say that people shouldnt defend it when they actually want and see the need of defending it . 
  what kind of persons can say to that `` well my little feeling say that human life is worth more than you are willing to put to the table on actuall event army guy so you are dumbass for not `` defending '' some other stuff that can improve position of my conformist ass at present time '', 
  this whole sub apart you apparently . 
  top of this tread you stu , i wont even , top of this line of comments.watch the magic :, 
   i 'm up for sending in groups just to protect this relics . 
  we are losing a major part of local and world history with this ... 
   well i am in the army so yes . 
  reading isnt harder than shitposting . 
  edit : maybe it is for you actually . 
  tbh , i called him dumbass cause he was challenging pretty valiant statement from army guy `` with his opinion '' , you know the stuff that everyone has to have opinion and the more hipster and retrograde it is the better . 
  besides opinions , if i say my children are worth more than my life , some other can say cultural heritage is worth more than his . 
  and , between me and you ,99 % of people overvalue them selves . 
  [ razlog , hint , opet bugari , opet ameri ] ( http://www.voanews.com/content/kerry-visits-bulgaria-to-discuss-energy-security-other-issues/2599022.html ), 
  [ malo mama merkel ] ( http://www.strategic-culture.org/news/2014/06/03/eu-asks-bulgaria-stop-work-gazprom-south-stream-pipeline.html ), 
  i answered this , couple of posts before , i cant repeat same thing 100 times . 
  i wish i could sum this about gracefully like you instead of engaging in flamewar with logs . 
  edit : nosio si protezice i to svi sad znamo , bravo . 
  ^ privatni dermatolog . 
   really who are you to determine everyone 's value relative to a building ? 
  valueologist.you are on par with window of that monastery.if its single glass window . 
   im sorry about that , its just really hard to argue about same exact stuff 20 times.you can value human life over material heritage , i really think we dont deserve the future if we are so eager to let everything behind us to dust . 
  u slucaju borisa tadica , nema loseg marketinga , tip je marginalac maximus . 
   and culturally, 
  topkek, 
   it was putin, 
  fixed it, 
  `` inquiry '', 
  no balls no nothing not an official statement and knowing how politics work , its leverage bullshit at best and nothing close to reality . 
  uk was important before , now they are laughing stock of how to lose an empire and in recent time , country itself.hindugland or muslim kingdom . 
  `` probably '' this is clickbait bullshit . 
  delusional much ?
