  my tier 3 treasures will be worth some money then . 
  only no smoking signs can do that and i hear there isnt any there . 
  ajmo sad na hard mode sa surnjajama i zaovama . 
  its a tribute to michael jackson . 
  unless you buy 125 terrain . 
   this is how much i want secret to be there !, 
  you bet only cause deep down you know they wont pass . 
  it could be jsut leftover drivers from before , if you didnt clean install in a while it could be that . 
  could be dying card ... 
  i tried vulkan , i have 250x curently , and it sucked cause on this version of drivers my screen flicker everywhere , i had to revert to 2014 drivers to remove that . 
  try it maybe it helps, 
  invoker , difusals , euls , orchid even . 
  oracle . 
  shadow demon . 
   last pick omni without these heroes and boom you win . 
  how is last pick omni preventing you from buying purge items ? 
  so is hiting the magic immune wall . 
  i dont even understand what are you trolling here ? 
  i dont know what is the question ? 
  edit : cause of your ninja edit , you are nonissue , point of purge is to kill any target of higher priotiry , you can run around doing your shit after your ult is purged nobody gives a fuck . 
  nice, 
  nato uses them i dont see the problem . 
  top of my head and as a fact 1999 yugoslavia.european country non the less . 
  cause reddit logic, 
  well i told for what im sure about . 
  people say it was used in afganistan , iraq and libya.same stories like this one , very very loose on evidence . 
  [ samo vi mene birajte ] ( https://zokstersomething.files.wordpress.com/2014/06/zokster-film.jpg?w=632 ), 
  from what i see there you are being carried . 
  im not like you to downvote people , im just stating the obvious , you are being carried and in reallity you are 50 % over your normal mmr . 
  why is that bad thing , exclusivity is nice . 
  i dont understand the other logic though , wanting free stuff . 
  git gud and buy bkb, 
  you should reread new blade mail . 
  physical dmg isnt stoped by bkb but magic dmg is not reflected . 
  what is ? 
  he feels funny now . 
  im talking about bombing civilian populated areas in those 3 countries + for sure in naisus , serbia . 
  oh boy , the bitching would never stop . 
  i dont know why , i kinda hate everything but she is likeable . 
  that lady owns strap-on for sure . 
  valve trolling , will be out in 1 and a half hour, 
  same , but i listened to merlini so i think that is the reason . 
  slow people are slow . 
  i found his profile and reported him . 
  its not game cache , its some program that intereferes with memory , probably some mem/graphical benchmarks you run . 
  what is the problem ? 
  well we are long way away from vanila dota 2 and `` rules '', 
  nono , i trust you , its just rules from 4 years ago dont stand , what happened to ancient items ? 
  make new account, 
   since it 's a kids game ,, 
  what ? 
  you imply that adults arent abusing this game to be pricks they cant be in private life ? 
  where to watch ?!, 
  tnx , twitch didnt work for me 10 min ago , now is ok . 
   secret has a lot of experience with highground defense, 
  they just lost t2.t3 and melee rax in 1 push, 
  expirience won there , poor guys crumbled under pressure . 
  living the life . 
   video sve one lepe mlade momke gole do pojasa . 
  sprecices ekipu koja je potopila valjevsku gracanicu ... vazi . 
  [ spojler ] ( http://img.memecdn.com/independence-day-2-will-jeff-goldblum-fight-them-with-windows-10-linux-or-mac-pro_o_6685769.jpg ), 
  unreddit ne radi ... 
  razmisli . 
  ] ( http://cdn77.sadanduseless.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/seal2.jpg ), 
  he technically didnt kill anyone . 
  borderlands complete ultimate edition , for 15-20e . 
  and terraria . 
  crappy refunds and crappy jerks who abused it . 
   and we had a windranger set this compendium , i cant believe theyre making more for her . 
  peasants do n't understand how good this wr immortal actually is . 
  she is really played hero . 
  alternative bow till now , and i mean good bow was rainmaker and it was 100 + - $, 
  yea , that path quest crap really had nice particle effect for arrow . 
  60e for this one . 
  200lvl atm , got all sets , all immortals , no rares but fuck it.for 5k hours and 300e in dota so far , its not that bad i think . 
   people do n't realize how fucking merciless the eu is going to be towards the uk . 
  sounds like guy wanting to walk out of a gang.guy did right . 
  arcana changes complete appearance of hero , immortals just change specific item slot and 1 skill . 
   rainmaker is a much rarer and imo higher quality item, 
  how?ok its rarer but why would anyone go from this arrow effect to teal one . 
  add 200 more from certain drop from 18mil chests and we are looking at 20-30e item as it should be . 
  check lina fire lotus belt price before infused belt in frankfurt compendium.its 50 bucks now . 
  we are too late , eu bandwagon is already trolling hard . 
  btw , good rule of thumb is , if imf and worldbank are opposing something , its in best interest of common man . 
  add to that eu clingy stance toward uk last few days , and you know brexit is the best choice for uk even if uk falls apart . 
  everyone will have their own sovereignty . 
   intelligent and sane people do n't care about nations . 
  that 's not the way it goes . 
  you are not smart by default just because you do n't care about nations . 
  `` i want souvergnity so i can gift it to brussels '', 
   the european union is mainly an economic advantage for a country really . 
  mhm , so greece , portugal , italy , bulgaria , romania , ex ussr states , really went berserk with development . 
  and about sovereignty , does foreign capital city directly influence decisions you make?how you have souvergnity then ? 
   here is a spoiler for people : intelligent and sane people do n't care about nations . 
  that 's not the way it goes . 
  you are not smart by default just because you do n't care about nations . 
  well what i said is pretty simple , and i quoted you twice , and i did reread what you said.i still say that you are not smart by default if you do n't care about nations . 
  it was kinda first arcana from dota beta even , and people are really vocal about it needing a redo . 
   nobody said `` you are smart by default if you do n't care about nations '' or anything like it . 
  is completely what you said with this :,
