  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ nope, 
  time to rewatch second renaissance from animatrix, 
  if it was really dark , he could have looked like usual target . 
  this is inappropriate on so many levels . 
  i love it . 
  i blame euromaidan , but still very sad to see young people die . 
  tbh , its hellofalot better for germans if they just bomb berlin , i dont think women would like reprise of 1945 . 
  if this doesnt stop putin , i dont know what will, 
  madman as in holocaust villain or madman as in he gives zero shit about anything west threaten him with ? 
  please be more specific . 
   madman as in acts completely irrational, 
  see russia before putin and putins russia today . 
   wages war, 
  aka extended hand of diplomacy , u did it quite a few times . 
   acts in pure self interest, 
  see russian economy before putin and now, 
   is short sighted, 
  for 15 years and counting, 
   and his actions will likely bite him in the ass big time . 
  westerners wet daydreming . 
  i need to take shower now , you can get dressed.money is on the nightstand . 
  nah leave it as it is , but make it cost ton of mana . 
  tracking everything is just too much . 
  i dont mind gondar as he is now , but that ult is the shit atm . 
  bashing of us and its satelites is normal thing and should be encouraged . 
  defending warmongering bastards is a sign of poor education and/or mental illness . 
  im sorry , i dont wash my brain . 
   i sta sad ? 
  ngo-s are worst kind of human trash ,, 
  naga went out with more hp than before being ganked . 
  you can clearly see she wasnt entitled to that on this example ? 
  should keep his opinions to himself , but he didnt , did he treat her in proper medical way?by her post , yap he did . 
  if you dont see overreaction about this in this sub , i cant help you . 
  nestle should buy fifa or vice versa . 
  edit : on bi da je vodi na kafu , vise sad ima smisla . 
  do n't control the rage . 
  i was trying to be like parisian florist in summer before i found out the fact that people in pubs are mostly retarded . 
  everyone rages , do n't be florist . 
  autosovinizam.org i greenergrassoverthere.com, 
  that is something you consider when he outpick your 6.6 milion dollars?for realz?aluhat is better than to say pdd is a cunt ? 
  dont defend prick cause he is a prick . 
  whata time to be alive, 
  da li si ti to sam platio ? 
  edit : spamfilterhateovao si me ... 
  they released dota 2 before they released dota 1 , need i say more ? 
  he looks like heavily injured spider, 
  name the bull darwin . 
  in other news , bear shits in wood . 
  i feel sorry for their handicap . 
  fix wr boobs !, 
  animatrix the second renaissance short is summed up better than whole trilogy . 
  i dont , i pretty much really like russia.an im not from russia . 
  i think west have a pretty distorted picture of who is actually the bad guy in modern politics . 
  good or bad ? 
  cause you think economy is bad now , you should rewind yourself to the dark times of `` before putin '', 
  except on reddit , cause that must be putin 100 %, 
  i have that advantage over you that i can understand multiple languages , and write them , with somewhat bad grammar.i also have mts syndrome so dont mock me . 
  ( male typing syndrome-dont give shit about gram or typos , just make a fucking point ), 
  just cause you are linguistically disabled , im forced to use our common denominator.im sorry you find fuck you, 
   if that 's the case then why not put japan and germany in the un security council too ? 
  cause of ww2.sup ? 
  i should take your word on it ? 
  its funny cause she was one of the supporters of arab springs that started all of this bullshit . 
  before ww2 and security council?cause by that logic not a single country should be there . 
  when you look in the context of why and when un security council was made , its pretty clear why those 5 members are there.except for france , cause i will never understand how country that was conquered throughout the war got its place . 
  i was reading , but i got to the part of maginot line and ardennes , i stopped there cause i cant stand that much cringe . 
  its was n't military disaster at all , for germans . 
  you are missing big point here , and thats the sole proposition of it . 
  if russia brings that to the table , that will happen only after they talked it out with china and india first , meaning that china wont veto india.or better yet china will bluff it that will not veto india . 
  in that case , us or uk will be the ones to blame that 1.5 billion people were denied access to security council . 
  status quo , but russia wins . 
  that wasnt the reason un council is made , are you even serious ? 
  im in the mood of sharing historical facts today :, 
  http://www.un.org/en/sc/about/ 1946 first unsc session . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gerboise_bleue 1960 frech first nuclear weapon . 
  ill crunch the math for you , timegap between 2 events is almost 15 years , so if you consider that france got into sc by `` i swear ill make nuclear weapon in next 15 years '' you are right and i apologize . 
  it wont be irrelevant cause when it becomes irrelevant we are going to shot each other again.it simple as that.unsc is the last handbrake that is stopping next world war . 
  you talked about risks of it becoming irrelevant if they dont reform.i responded to that saying that it will become irrelevant only of all hell break lose in a form in next global conflict.it wont lose its power by staying as it is , cause there is nobody who can contest 5 powers in it right now . 
  just to clarify things . 
  31 speed bois !, 
  [ should have stoped reading at maginot for real ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_dien_bien_phu ), 
   they also were a counterpoint against russia . 
  could be the only real reason , and thats about that . 
  first pentium let alone mmx was released in 1993 . 
  only thing there from 1991 could be floppy and midi-tower, 
  well , they tried couple of times , but this time it wont be settled with pure division of country to east and west . 
  statistics bitch !, 
   for drugs to be affordable for everybody , medicine , can not exist as an industry ; but rather as a branch of the government , where they do lots of work themselves , but can also contract out work . 
  i dont understand why medicine being banned as corporate industry is a bad thing when you follow this logic . 
  [ you 've got storm as your most played atm which is a pretty high skill cap hero ] ( http://i.imgur.com/himzd0m.gif ), 
  well they did n't fail on it , people said no to austerity measures on referendum , if this guy goes against will of the people , he surely is n't someone that eu should make financial negotiations with , cause , i remind you , people said no to that . 
  so in all actuality , brussels and this guy failed at democracy . 
  rock always wins . 
  are you defending corporate interest vs our health or am i reading this wrong ? 
  by their subtlety , probably loaded gun . 
  human race existed and lived pretty good without corporate capitalism.im sure that only problem is will needed to confront it directly . 
  just because something went very wrong in us 100 years ago , does n't mean whole world should follow . 
  ideology comes and goes away , and all you listed cant be linked to capitalism exclusively . 
  human nature in its core is extension of race , everything else is learned and/or enforced . 
  we should go to r/philosophy tbh now ...
