  especially in an urban setting . 
  in rural areas , there may be plenty of stuck up yokels who insist their wife shall not work . 
  well i know couple of examples where man earns enough to support family of 5 , and wife kinda have all the time in the world to spend with kids and whatnot so your statement is defense mechanism for failing at providing . 
  no offence directly to you , but im in position to actually choose whether or not my future wife will work.she could if she wants , but on the other hand she really dont have to for money . 
  edit : sure im not gates , but if i alone can make double or sometimes more of belgrade average , i dont see why i have to have my children sitting with nanies or in daycare with godknows who . 
  yap i know look like seljos in majority of population . 
  when i look of what kind of people is that majority made of , im proud in some wierd kind of way . 
  sigh ... 
  stop playing bot games, 
  go oasis on tvhm till sandhawk quest , load uvhm get it . 
  go to 2 treants in tiny tina pack , behind ogre camp , farm them for bee . 
  melt faces . 
   dota 2 is ( who would have guessed ) obviously much more similar to dota than lol is . 
  its full copy of dota 1 , there is no difference except engine that runs it, 
  its still same 1 to 1 copy of dota 1 . 
  when you say new items were introduced , stat balancing was changed , it doesnt matter at all , cause when dota 2 came out , its was 1 on 1 copy and all items and balance changes are in dota 1 also untill icefrog stops supprting it . 
  just new engine nothing else . 
  its same its just expressed in numbers . 
  ( dont tell op that whole tournament can be watched ingame ), 
  yea , i dont understand how 1.2 milion dollars for each player can be better than peanuts yearly salary locked under monopoly contract . 
  you got breaking bad.shut it . 
  veto in un is the best thing that happened in recent history . 
  proof : no ww3, 
  last thing heard about that in mainstream media as breaking story was `` air to air missle '', 
  rebels dont have planes , russia sure wasnt useing airforce there , hey poroshenko . 
  edit : chill out eu bots , vetoed , get on with living, 
  some facts to consider :, 
  easily could have been mistake by prorussian rebels cause of no fly zone . 
  and, 
  since then there was little to non information about event , atleast in mainstream, 
  edit : reading comprehension fail, 
  if you are in war , every aircraft is avoiding that space except that one , its could be honest mistake for ukraine airforce . 
  why was plane even there , you dont put your hand in the oven and sue manufacturer for burns . 
  and theres that other thing i mentioned , air to air missle . 
  jesus i was talking with some1 else in the thread and just reponded to you  sorry, 
  that radio talk is hard evidence since when ? 
  you know usa had stronger evidence for nuclear weapons in iraq than this ? 
  horror can be seen in 2 ways.the `` oh fuck we killed civilians '' and `` oh fuck civilians are killed '' . that video is only proof of the fact that some rebels are robbers . 
  about that first evidence.lets say i want you to believe obama is white . . and im backing that up with 50 payed informercial people , for 100 bucks each . 
  would you believe ? 
  everyshit that happened in ukraine since violent government overthrow was spinned like fuck . 
  im not talking here cause im russian , but cause eu and us are making some terrible decisions for the rest of the world and people like sheep defend that . 
  im not their lawyer lol , im just saying u cant look everything 1 sided like most poeple on wnews do . 
  air to air missle is something they said as oposed to buk missle in western media . 
  iraq is perfect example on how media evidence , or in fact evidence provided by top western officals is , pretty much , bullshit . 
  could be same bullshit here.bullshits , plural . 
  2 links , you dismissed them apparently.good as us and uk at proposing resolutions in un atleast . 
  `` wtf is civilian airplane doing here ? '', 
  propaganda.twitters were hacked long before that . 
  2 way street . 
  edit : dupla uvreda nema smisla pa editujem, 
  dutch are so stupid they dont even know about back pain . 
  you should be able to steal a working laptop , unless u are in greece on vacation . 
  samo je cura problem ? 
  i would say that 6 milion reasons is why 50 % heroes that are high risk high reward or jesusalmightyifwelandwombocombo kind of shit are not picked.you dont even see that much of magnus or enigma . 
  so balance wise , metawise , its still cool . 
  9/10 no stiletos, 
  not sure if she dressed as qop or german middleaged tourist, 
  that would make space for domestic products of same or sufficient power . 
  you cant black something out cause people can pirate the shit out of you anyhow . 
   gyro is op unless c9 plays it . 
  ohhhhh , that was lower than lower bracket, 
  lets take tens of thousands signed as a real number and say there were 20.000 petitioners , better yet lets say 90.000 people signed that petition . 
  90000/145000000 of wiki number of russian citizens . 
  im bad with math sorry , but it must be some shit ass big percent and totally important to consider as legit . 
  you cant tell me im stupid when you didnt do stupid math i cant for me.we are equally stupid then . 
  that being said , even if im stupid , im not that stupid to jump on circlejerk about russia , well atleast not without valid cause . 
  this title is everything fucking wrong with media or to be more precise western type of media today.and stupid plebs who are affected by that . 
  pulled the number out of your ass and wave it as evidence.when called out on that not being a fraction of a fraction of people , call offender stupid . 
  [ bravo sir ] ( http://www.reactiongifs.com/r/scsc.gif ), 
  its a first slowclap i have found dont judge me . 
  ( more john stewart fan btw ), 
  ill quote 1 stupid guy from before :, 
   pulled the number out of your ass and wave it as evidence.when called out on that not being a fraction of a fraction of people , call offender stupid . 
  so you are advocating for will of population expressed in 4 zeros after dot , to overrule majority ? 
  how about this , most democratic way . 
  same % of petitioners = same % of food saved . 
  about crate of apples . 
  edit : you skipped math or trolling ? 
  guy , im from serbia , i know from first hand how people uprising work , what gouverments usualy finance those , what ngo-s are doing all along , and how mass propaganda against you work.also , im full aware of the fact that most of that food they are destroying now went though serbia customs cause we still have excellent trade agreement with russia and not enforcing sacntions to them compared to most eu members ( as in we are not that stupid ) . 
  1990-s are over.if you want to do this today , think something more sophisticated . 
  edit : grammarinjo , its still bad i know but it was even worse . 
  you cant deny he is pretty funny though , i wont try to convince you otherwise for `` idiot '' part . 
  well he gave green light for that , so i dont really think that he cares.pretty much everything you do as country leader is bound to be opposed by someone . 
  am i under sanctions?who ordered that in?cause sure as hell i didnt , cause im under sanctions.that could be putins reasoning and it would be legit one . 
  dont be under impression that this food went to russia cause official russia wanted that.mcdonalds chain in russia could have directly imported that for all we know or any other big food distributor who have investors abroad , russia dont lose money with destruction of it and they have a hellofalot of other places to import food from . 
  i tried to explain you in my first post , but i didnt put / s on the end . 
  this title and this report is as sensationalistic as it gets . 
  i told you im from serbia , where are you from ? 
  ukraine or us , i cant hear british accent at all, 
  look at gay rights , outcry of whole world and how that ended up . 
  i would not bet on it . 
  then you probably live really close to us border , 
  i was trying to be witty , as in too much bad influence from across the border , nvm now , will work on that . 
  i agree but you are taking it out of context now . 
  this is not about never eating something again , pizza can be made by anyone in their own kitchen with only domestic products , sushi is raw fish and if some1 have fish its russia , but im missing my point . 
  the point about this article is pinpointed on food issues in russia , as in basic anti starvation method , like being fed with whatever , and that is by this article `` problem '' in russia . 
  cant be further from truth.they just destroyed contingent of merchandise from countries that sanctioned them . 
  same to you , was constructive at least . 
  you are welcome , no offence taken , it was pretty mild by internet standards .
