  neozbiljni ste i sami sebe lazete.cele demonstracije se desavaju na istom principu . 
  demonstranti su picke . 
   i was hoping to get a feel for how r/serbia generally feels about the european union and the prospect future membership . 
  pure joy and happiness , words ca n't describe it really.its almost like some kind of mental illness . 
   voskrese !, 
  4d chess, 
  u 100 marki opet hidraulika fail, 
  a priest , rapist and a pedophile walk into a bar.and he orders a drink . 
  a termite walks into a bar and asks : `` is the bar * tender * here ? '', 
  [ ovo je slika koju je jankulbot linkovao kao dokaz ] ( https://scontent.fbeg3-1.fna.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/17884414_1817989288453074_738101092499413487_n.jpg?oh=c3fe251c71d87b11750d97525065888d&amp;oe=599a9ddb ), 
  onojes , ali `` hjumanajz '' je bolje laticinom, 
  to je ovde evergreen . 
  [ slika kaprija irl ] ( http://www.real-drive.de/medias/sys_master/images/productimages/8/859252_1_1_detail.jpg ), 
  koliko je to robije po njihovim standardima ? 
  a to sto se ne pominje je zato sto slusas jebeni cnn na srpskom . 
  cnn spinovao pricu koju je spinovala tv pancevo.to je sve sto je ovaj clanak i video . 
  sto si se toliko nasla prozvanom , kad seremo po demonstrantima malo generalizujemo . 
  al kurac . 
  ovi 30 % gluplji nisu pokisli , tell you a story, 
  first mimic in borderlands 2 . 
  from then on out , i open chests in that dlc with looking in completely other direction . 
  edit : https://www.reddit.com/message/messages/85i5jk, 
  no frks saladine . 
  kapiram sta pricas ali to stereotip srbina ne interesuje . 
  in short , ne obraca se bosko tebi . 
  edit : slovce, 
  edit : najmanje boska, 
  ali internet pa mozes kako ti hoces . 
  jeste i vucic ali to ti je cena toga sto je narod resio da bude kolonija a ne suverena zemlja . 
  right only albanian nationalism should be excused . 
  it was kind of justified . 
  you cant just abuse position to organize voting the way he did.whole thing is just a play for unknowing westerners . 
  riiiight , whole thread tell a story about macedonia crisis like its not something that was played by albanian minority to get public traction , like 5th time in last 20 years . 
   tldr : nikola gruevski is corrupt as fuck and would rather cause a civil war than face charges over his crimes . 
  nope , it this versus albanian separatism . 
  tldr would be :, 
  macedonians pick corrupt government that keeps albanians in check , albanians do this kind of stunts . 
  i kind of have alot more monthly , but yea am nationalists as fuck . 
  still not so much like average albanian redditor . 
  whoever wins, 
  its not the braindeads , its the knowitall 20year old that are the problem, 
  i really dont take for serious anyone who plays lol . 
  btw , you know jack shit on how things work , so you should chill with that `` we the 20 year olds '' are doing something , you can bet your ass you are doing something , you are making thing unrepearable . 
  stick with games and chicks . 
  mhm , and poor albanians are getting beaten for no reason whatsoever ? 
  we share common enemy . 
  macedonians have problem with albanians , politics has nothing to do with the separatists tensions . 
  you can actually see how much separatism is the problem . 
  nah , its just talk , everyone here knows eu is not gon na happen , carrot on a stick kind of deal . 
  nah you are trying to spin . 
  reality is that albanian parties backed up beaten guy who was recently in capitol of albania and signed godknowswhat and pretty much screwed over his voters . 
  the beating wasnt illegal , his decision to ignore the votes of his supporters made his face bleed . 
  man , since i live in serbia i know exactly how this stuff unrolls . 
  from what i saw , if mister got beaten didnt go to tirana and swaped his politics 180 degrees he would have all teets even today . 
  lem me ask you something?would you be ok with referendum or another elections ? 
  man , that can say just someone who doesnt live in serbia for last 17 years since `` democratic '' changes . 
  eu wont happen , and people know they should not give anything else for that dream . 
  nononono , dont you spin me i told you allredy . 
  when you do the thing mister beaten did , there isnt a law in this world that can save you from mob rage . 
  he got his face rekt because he did unlawfull move , high treason rank . 
  nice name calling arnaut.still we know what will happen later . 
  we are diagonaly oposed in that , serbia belongs with uk us russia and france probably , we dont need brussel or berlin to govern our country . 
  its good , till foreign capitalism pays riots, 
  democracy and will of the people at work . 
  im not telling this to you arnaut , im telling to everyone else . 
  russia isnt yet like western economy , but saying that situation in russia is as bad as before putin is just pure bullshit . 
  ryzen is like today proof for any type of rendering work.absolute king of the hill comparing $ per performance . 
  i do n't have a clue what you are bitching about here . 
  you want 10-20 more fps in games and do n't do any work on computer that can be accelerated to insanity by more slower cores ? 7700k, 
  you need as much as you can cores that are slower than intel but 2-3x cheaper and still wont bottle neck in your games?ryzen . 
  never was simpler . 
   sips coffee, 
  ill trade 8 buckets of vray for 16 buckets any day of the week, 
  oh get a grip , petro state that turns to agriculture like only china does and exports weapons like theres no tommorow . 
  those myths that russia will die of with being tied only to naturas gas and oil never held any basis . 
  still in the first world ,90 s are still resonating in russians so everything needs more time to settle . 
  yea , prove political murders.without just yelling `` he did it '', 
  when you hear same crap over and over again its like almost normal to react this way . 
  you dont get views like that . 
  just replace pentagon with russia . 
  from what i recall , le pen was n't even going to second round from previous polls . 
  those ships host enola gay squadron for sure, 
  its still , same old crap that is pushed all the time, 
  its funny that you americans think that being a soldier is a job not a duty . 
  that explain alot of shit going on in this world . 
   that explain alot of shit going on in this world . 
  same as for bbc bigshots, 
   south sudan probably would not be independent without us support and the people responsible for this tragedy owe the us a lot . 
  everytime there must be us influence behind, 
  yea , turns to be scums of the earth when both criteria is set . 
  nope , its called hypocrisy . 
  nono , hypocrisy is never ever mentioning problems to saudi king ** 1 day ago ** and then talk down to putin . 
  see , like in effect , bitch is not picking her battles , she is just a hypocrite . 
  my point is on point.go catch some air, 
   behavior that contradicts what one claims to believe or feel, 
  her bitching to putin about gay rights does not contradict her lack of bitching in sa?or viceversa ? 
  are you logs or what ? 
  no , its a flow for you to go out and get some air, 
  like this, 
  you are logs,
