  bilo je dobro dok nije postalo mainstream . 
  +1.6 int is so gon na help his early game , its second fu buff to storm . 
   there often seems to be a bell curve at play . 
  small protests get ground coverage . 
  big protests get aerial coverage . 
  the biggest protests get little coverage . 
  riiiight . 
  last line american catchphrase when collided with truth.go to r/stfu see whats going on . 
  u/di11deux is all about that, 
  u understand that west almost gone full agility when cuba did agree . 
   ask yourself why nato was able to find willing partners in the region . 
  better at buying out top ranked politicians in europe shithole countries . 
  you did link complete nonsense . 
  none of those links are anything but clickbaits . 
  well kosovo secession is legit cause kosovo held referendum about it unlike crimea . 
  im not sure you understand how much 1 % of unintercepted modern nukes can be bad for your health . 
  actually , west did install puppet government there , so depends how you look at it . 
  russia did retaliate , and oh boy did they retaliate . 
   but russia still says nato is expanding when it is direct answer for ukraine . 
  ukraine.nato expanding . 
  ask yourself this . 
  before `` euromaidan '' was there a chance in hell nato could talk ukraine in joining with leadership in coutry at the time ? 
  so what was us/eu/nato supposed to do?overthrow legit government.elected on democratic elections.completely legit.and they did just that , overthrow government elected by majority . 
  2 % of ukraine rose up , backed up with money or whatever and that was enough to make whole country change its course ? 
  russia did right thing.you can hate it , but thats what country does in those situations , react on things , especially fabricated things that are couple steps away from being real threat . 
  there is no way that being encircled by people and close relatives for 15 years that know about the issue is helpfull at fucking all . 
   this person was suffering for more than 15 years without real improvement . 
  i think in her opinion to be anywhere else than in this world would be a thousand times better . 
  you can `` move and be anywhere else '' without being fucking killed like deadweight to social givings . 
  you dont understand , this isnt civ5 , we all die in that 1 % scenario . 
  there is no fallout 5 , there is stoneage again . 
  absolutely . 
  lets play blind here and ignore same stuff that is happening . 
  us stopping ussr nukes at cuba , us stopping russia nukes all over the world . 
  and lets think optimisticaly that russia will just say , `` oh ok you arent threat to us cause you are making our offensive capabilites far less efficient . '', 
  readit up ad hominem boy , if you have nothing to say , r/stfu is kinda lonesome . 
  yea yea , all ex fascist countries went in nato on their own will , rest are being arm twisted into it . 
  sorry just trying to be pretty blunt about it . 
  half of that for sure ,10 years is so long away that trump will be 2 years ex president . 
  oh , so now 2 % of population is enough to overthrow legitimate government if it suits you?ok . 
  wan na bet crimea on it ? 
  you are contradicting yourself hypocrite . 
  3 from dead cat , asuming your cat have all 9 lives , about third of a crate . 
  its other way around honey . 
  hvala , videcu za mail posto ide vikend . 
  linux i blender . 
  razumeo bih da je morao da piratuje i da zaradi , ali imas alternative koje su dzabe . 
  eurimaidan is same shit on same principle that happened in my country.im not talking out of my ass as you do . 
  iddqd wouldnt help this guy in old doom . 
  hammer or you cant install ram . 
  im here to say exactly that . 
  have some . 
  nema drugo . 
  completely compatible about coups . 
  gde je office ? 
   ocete da mi kazete da su imali piratski samo cad i win . 
  no comprende . 
  miracle 9k mmr , team average 4k mmr . 
  im trolling?look game 3 . 
  edit : https://www.reddit.com/r/serbia/comments/4iouma/inicijativa_ne_davimo_beograd_organizuje_protest/d2zuk2e?context=3 2 dana pre toga . 
  nema kornjace tough . 
  they dont sell cause of looks , 
  yea , here in serbia may is shitty , rainy and pretty cold.from my expert level of day to day weather observing global warming is a lie . 
  ja bih pre rekao da jake ekonomije za namerom gaze manje do tacke da su odrzive ali nesposobne da uzvrate . 
   404 - article not found, 
  [ ideja ] ( https://uproxx.files.wordpress.com/2013/03/walter-white-wink.gif?w=650 ), 
  katolicki si srbin nije problem , fora je u [ ovome ] ( http://www.nspm.rs/images/stories/01maja/g25/188867_0401-fijat-ugovor-foto-d-goll-1_f.jpg ), 
  meni je ovo nekako foreshadowing : /, 
  [ da bi nesto propalo , treba prethodno da bude dobro ] ( http://i.kinja-img.com/gawker-media/image/upload/rliakuqwvjmoa4shd5tm.jpg ), 
  dont get me wrong , i dont like that erdogan guy , but this is wrong on many levels . 
  it is for sure , just look at quests and shit.ill go so far to say taht lc questline is obtainable at lvl 225 with only lvl 1 cbattle pass . 
  how the flak is 19 fps normal ? 
  and yes we all suffer from fps loss . 
   600 if you go full no life mode, 
  fixy, 
   and kids talking about the holocaust not happening , or how all black people should die . 
  almost full circle apparently . 
  9 bucks and play normaly you will have it before qualifiers end . 
  i think lina crashed everything . 
  in my times we had to use timber for recipes , not for offlane . 
  paths look bigger , achivements , daily and weekly quest , that terrain for sure and without sweat . 
  lc on 225 im not so sure . 
  yap , they were bushier . 
  now we all know how jukes look , and thats that . 
  map is fucking awsome to the point it should be default imho . 
  those trees are going to be changed .100 % sure of it . 
  they are listening to pro feedback aswell . 
  if they say that pathing is too obvious , we can sit here and praise square trees all day long , they will go . 
  yea , i was pissed for winter terrain , but after seeing spring one im like make it lc quest line level and we can keep it then . 
  dota looks so nice man , i forget it from time to time ... 
  they will change hedge without us whining , its too obvious and feedback is in volvo by now , just w8 abit . 
  everyone pay money , everyone is everyone . 
  capitalism . 
  moonlight , rain , snow this new one , they are not crappy : /, 
  like making new account , fresh mmr calibration . 
  only difference , if you manage to pull bigger mmr in season , you can transfer that mmr to your normal matchmaking mmr and play on that level when battle pass is finished . 
  if you quit dota today you wont . 
  by the looks of it , if you play 5 games a day , ez . 
  i dont know wtf she is now , but i never imagined her like emohipster . 
  well you can either pay for levels or play , its a matter of prefference .
