  its kosovo and metohija , anyhow you will learn that soon . 
  can you just wait for a little bit?dont be so suicidal . 
  as i said its kosovo and metohija , i just looked into un and there is no such thing u speak of . 
  nobody here is putin bot but some of people like you are pretty much choosing to stay blind on pretty obvious facts . 
   what 's worse is how the average redditor is obvious to how bad and brutal assads regime is and what if did in 2011-2013, 
  get out please . 
  you cant argue with logs man , you just cant . 
  its pretty much this reddit , people dont know basic stuff but yet they are spewing bull left and right cause `` it feels like '' to them . 
  oh great , couple of completely clueless fucktards are circlejerking logic about shit they know nothing about while spreading ton more of thier personal information via facebook everyday than on this incident . 
   `` lot of the time . '', 
  no , only time 4 digits should be enough to prove your ownership is when you show it to the bank that issued it to you . 
  everything else should be reported frankly . 
  man , those people that were arrested are some sort of little petty and stupid politicians that were unable to even cover their shit up . 
  biggest problem with our government is its inability to arrest itself . 
  mhm , here it comes . 
  `` greece v2 '' harsher than ever . 
  who is going to war?creditors ? 
  ja sam imao problem slicne vrste sa pornicima , naprimer volim retro stvari da pogledam i jednom prilikom sam video debelu nemicu koja `` sinhronizuje '' i sad sam na masturbation difficulty : expert, 
  90 % western media reporting is bullshit ... 
  pretty much this.when people compare us and russia there is always some trilions of dollars of us army comparison with far less on russia side . 
  people tend to forget to count in how cheap is personel , manufacture , maintance , only 3 active foreign bases of russia compared to us . 
   poroshenko is literally running ukraine on an anti-russian platform . 
  whole west backing up poroshenko is far more based on anti russian propaganda than on democracy principles . 
  im prorussian for a long time , and hard to budge from it , but talking about russian propaganda nowadays seems really weak , cause people that were yesterday bashing on putin are now talking about him with utter respect . 
  its not propaganda doing the work , its the shit that was done , for real and consistently . 
  `` treat women like i do and profit '' - rocco the sweet little carring angel siffredi, 
  i wonder who failed there, 
  about at the time when d-day almost crumbled even though whole german army was in eastern front . 
  [ yea ] ( http://cdn.iwastesomuchtime.com/714201419285.jpg ), 
  im sick and tired of biggoted delusionals like you , there i said it . 
  trucks looks really different from hospitals . 
  savage, 
  tell me you are trolling . 
   yes bbc and cnn have an editorial bias . 
  same shit like government bias.like any journalist in mainstream media does n't have his hand tied by someone who orders news . 
   are you serious ? 
  dota 2 and borderlands 2 . 
  kinda not.look at 6 year worth of graphical fidelity :, 
  1997-2003 and 2010-2016, 
  there is no room for that much graphic improvement , maybe just crowd systems improving/general gameplay improvements . 
  sutni to . 
  sad times . 
  how the fuck did guy with 10k karma with 10 golds on single comment went down to 2k karma in 1 year ? 
  that should be flair of this sub, 
  to ti je to.ja sam vise putlocker tip , volem da ne placam trash koji nema vrednost sem da se prekine reklamama i to ti je to . 
  to be blunt , i think about palestine alot more . 
  tebe downvotuju samo zato sto si ti ti  drz se . 
  or police fuckup thats presented like something good . 
  sta je problem ? 
  my problem is that i still see him as sc2 staff, 
  you got yourself a air conditioner now . 
  feeling proud of yourself dankcunt_4206969 ? 
  europe is pretty much racist shithole since refugee crisis started , trump is like nelson mandela compared to common folk in eu . 
  check , or better yet , dont check r/europe . 
  sad mi krivo sto sam te omeo u nameri :(, 
  he is fixing his broken leg , no wonder about the anesthetics . 
  can i ~ ~ send ~ ~ gift me once your items ? 
  i really cant stand moving my mouse to top right corner for millisecond every couple of days or even weeks , its so annoying game is unplayable . 
  amd should really stop giving us performance per dollar better cards cause nvidia is the nerd shit nowadays . 
  un says no . 
  thanks for supporting overpriced monopoly scumbags . 
  un didnt , you are tripping balls ,2008 is unilateral declaration of nothing . 
  gameworks , physics deals , shady as fuck game studio presures , ye we heard it.you either didnt or dont give a f. 
  edit : cuda , oh jesus allmighty this shit , that is worse than opencl in every aspect apart from monopoly . 
  its overpriced piece of shit unless you are searching for top of topend graphics on the market , that reddit posters in dota sub , for sure do not buy.no im not sjw , i just use common sense when paying for stuff , and if i get that cursor shit on my 380x im fucking ecstatic cause i payed soso same performance of gtx970 for half the money.kapish ? 
  you have apple phone dont you ? 
  icj is not un .1244 resolution for you still applies . 
  2gb card is breathing behind 4bg almost flagship card of nvidia for 50 % cost?you dont believe him , see the comments , search the web , everyone put its in that range , but only conclusion is that 970 is faster.no shit its faster , its fucking double price.but how much faster ? 10 % ... 
  edit : you either have iphone right now or you had iphone in the past . 
  380x 4gb is my card i dont follow , video shows you what lesser version does.and that diminishing return should apply on top end graphics , not for 200-300e 970 and 380 priced cards . 
  `` 1244 resolution '' in google , its really not hard . 
  butthurt doesnt recognise distance . 
  so good i need proof this isnt photoshoped photo . 
  * steva signal . 
  except with screen size . 
  ok , explain to me how do you consider face in screen as superior to watching huge ass cinema projection from 30 meters.how is that `` imerrsive '' or borderline healthy ? 
  on side note ,99.9 % of people have laughable audio systems compared to cinemas . 
  is it 5x9 bucks or some shit really that much for , lets say , whole shanghai main event and sitting with fellow nerds ? 
  i dont go to cinema often , but i went for starwars recently , and holy shit we are just lazy bunch of introvert fucks . 
  blizzard gon na sue the shit out of pandaria set . 
  turn off your cpu integrated graphics , jesus fucking christ 980 and that ignorant ? 
  i3 with 980 lowest of low settings 20-40fps and you are not using intel 350 ? are you sure ? 
  i think op is in bios right now.or he plugged gtx in memory slot . 
  man , just admit it , it was honest mistake.and apologize to volvo . 
  ~ ~ ok , you played some other games?same issue or working as it should ? ~ ~, 
  edit : i forgot to read your first post, 
  well it could be that something borked with dota itself since you bought new stuff , in case that you didnt do fresh windows reinstall , try verify and if still bugs , reinstall dota . 
  government controlled communication sector , everything else is bullshit . 
  clean cooler , make friends list shorter , dont open armory/browse items too much before playing , switch to fullscreen with vsync on as last resort . 
  i have just 1 tip . 
  edit : bring shadows back to high , ultra is unoptimized af . 
  edit : to clarify for people who skiped school and are reddit educated, 
  1 apple is 1/3 of 3 apples.true 1/3 .0,3333 repeating is not.you can go far down the line of repeating 3 in that sequnce and say `` well this looks miniscule enough for anyone to tell the difference '' but it still isnt 1/3 . 
  1/3 is exact what it says ,0.3333 is the shit of decimal system . 
  limiting fps with vsync , couunting on 60fps monitors as standard , is a good way with dealinh with overheating and that looks like a problem here, 
  mhm , bar pratimo trend svake vlade do sad . 
  girl looks more troubled than cat does . 
  pants on the floor, 
  denzel washington na prvoj slici , u sredini da ne bude zabune . 
  in that case i will torrent both hl3 and vive .
