  a nista onda . 
  dead game for sure . 
  tagged, 
  kako vucic i tito u istu kategoriju sa ovim legendama ? 
  its rather difficult to hold nonphysical jobs at bay to be honest . 
  tradeoff , you get superior slow without miniscule damage . 
  still there , while stats are not . 
  moonshard loose 50 % of its as . 
  checkmate . 
  kids have more important stuff to do there , like assembling iphones and shit . 
  30 + here . 
  old people i played since wc3 are nowhere to be found . 
  quake died of naturaly . 
  dota got rekt with valve/icefrog map change . 
  one of the most destinct features of old dota was `` farmed carry was farmed fucking face melt carry '', 
  guess who will you call for that job to be cheap and well made . 
  fixing ugar typos . 
  pa ono , dobar je on decko , malo lokal patriota ali je ok . 
  lale aproves . 
  edit : ceo dan radim jbg, 
  piratovan premiere . 
  day nine filter please, 
  they were on rebelmedia and alex jones , shitting in comments about tin foil hats and conspiracy theories . 
  yes !, 
  its crazy how many people dont clean their cars of snow and just go into traffic . 
  is that the television softporn series that have hot host , shitty dialogues and surprisingly enough , serious lack of sex compared to how low their moral standars are ? 
  rofl , you mean na player that was best in his hometown while scene was in just getting formed . 
  nope , sounds like shilling or worse , fangirlism, 
  thats about exactly what he linked . 
  what does sean have to do with dota esport scene ? 
  dota looks profitable and here he is, 
  like dendi if dendi competed in kiev/ukraine only and got considered as best of the best in the scene, 
  morality of his game skipping is what i loathe about him . 
  he have charm for sure , but once you get a feeling that he just abuse that to cover his moneygrabbing agenda , he starts looking like a cunt . 
  nah , i 'm upset shilling here is allowed and that worst kind of person is trying to break into stuff only for the money . 
  mhm , so why he have to stream it then ? 
  thats called getting traction and first tournament valve invites him is the day dota becomes free to play again for me . 
  cunt is n't the worst type of person, 
  fanboy is the worst kind of person . 
  if we are talking about regular bloke who plays and streams games for money/fun , all the same , he can play whatever he wants . 
  with sean it gets abit tricky . 
  he is no noname.he was proffesional caster.hearthstone where he is somewhat of a name never got traction people like sean need.his big project game he went on flunked . 
  guess why he asslicks here.cause he have fucking fun ? 
  he wants panel place.nothing else.if he could get one without getting reddit spammed , he would just cast game or 2 a week , do some deepshitmeta scrublord analitics , troll you with some felicity bullshit and noone would be the wiser . 
  they are the hardest bunch to get redpilled and get their heads out of their asses . 
  pretty much every deinine thread is infested by same people . 
  i really dont see mass exodus od sc2 casters.his brother is still superstar in korea . 
  what succesfull career sean had ? 
  yea , he can move to something else , just in sean case it doesnt look like moving up in coorporate ladder , it looks like gold digging slut moving to next richer guy . 
  its more of a popular music group changing genre to please the biggest part of audience . 
  and we called them out as sellouts . 
  sean is sellout . 
  holy fycking shit ,300 hours?give him a medal . 
  purge is on a payroll.like hard cash .100 %, 
  just to be clear , even if he is , good for him.thats the way you should treat people like sean, 
  its investment for panel place at international . 
  you may not see it , but the ammount of day8 spam will intensify uo to ti . 
  he there or not expect sudden drop of reddit spam till next one is near, 
  you are thinking that sc2 na and eu scene , not even mention korea , was comparable . 
  give me day7 filter here and deal !, 
  cause of the middle finger to all people that made you what you are . 
  [ wow ] ( https://www.google.rs/search?q=thats+the+most+evil+thing&amp;client=firefox-b-ab&amp;tbm=isch&amp;tbo=u&amp;source=univ&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewiwj73di-drahxlyjokhb00d9aqsaqigq&amp;biw=1348&amp;bih=709#imgrc=rdxyp0149tfn0m%3a ), 
   why do you feel it 's a middle finger ? 
  how is it at all a personal attack against you for someone to decide to pursue a better income by selecting something that more that people want more ( even if you do n't want it ) ? 
  are you selling me that bieber paradox again?cause this is what most people like to listen.i can filter that out , by not visiting his sub and all i want here is day freking 9 filter and you can go on and circlejerk yourselves to eternity . 
  and you are waaaaay off with your description of things.fraction of playerbase even visits this sub , and fraction of that fraction gives a shit about sean . 
  and fraction of that fraction can turn logic on on personal level . 
  ill voice my stance on this whenever i see fit . 
  nothing personal , just hate cunts like sean and thats that . 
  tbh point of exclusive items is exactly to make you feel like you feel . 
  whats next, 
  `` valve i really want immortal gardens but i wont pay 50bucks for it '', 
  well great , needed good nights sleep , now im reprising new year drunken mayhem . 
  great , thanks man !, 
  i do think that people dont understand render quality slider in this thread, 
   heh , sort of . 
  i built a pc for him recently and we agreed that he could pay me the assembly fee later ( ** around 50 bucks , not a huge deal ** ) . 
  wait , people charge for assembly ? 
  my girl is out of mana, 
  i understand but here in serbia we rarely mix capitalism with friends . 
  tbh thats could be the answer to alot of things when i think about it, 
  sta radis ? 
  after ili 3d od nule ? 
  kolega, 
  dont we all, 
  ovaj , to je ostra motka ne mac . 
  you think checkers is superior version of chess, 
   your comparison does n't hold up because 7.00 is more complex than 6.88, 
  didnt see bigger bullshit in a while, 
  actually infuser should be free and unlock like couple of `` normal '' set to give everyone a chance to get `` rarer '' set . 
  i can explain if this sounds too confusing , but basicaly 2 infusable `` normal not rare '' sets per treasure and 6 infusers 40 lvl of compendium and above would be way to go . 
  believe it or not , its a good thing . 
  its a 1 year parole sentence , think about it like that . 
  pornhub.com/parrot combat text, 
  thank you shitty internet for not allowing me to relapse, 
  '' _ lorderebus _ mother in goat shemale threesome '', 
  it was good , but 1 wank material . 
  your point ? 
  oh post history , sorry . 
  [ kvalitetan post ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k9hdi-085lu ),
