  jebi . 
  why are people still calling nmd indie game ? 
  they are full fledged studio and published by sony.we expected aaa like the scumbags marketed it , they fail short , i mean denidevito short and now they are poor little indie developers and we just got hyped too much ? 
  nms is wins them all in terms of scumbaggery, 
  that applies to us , not every country . 
  good games are as good as they were before . 
  dota 2 is free , witcher is worth every penny , doom got sick ass revamp , i can go on and on . 
  just stop with fucking preorders . 
  depends with what and where . 
  [ stoka alpska ] ( http://eurokulture.missouri.edu/wp-content/uploads/2011/10/extra-chocolat-suisse-lrg.png ), 
  i see jews in bmws all the time . 
  ovde je in faks , bus , eu . 
  ubio sam lich kinga i meni je to dosta od wow-a, 
  kako nisam video thread ranije upm . 
  ok , aproved . 
  madjarica in the subs , srbin in the streets . 
   how does birth control work ? 
  do whatever the you want , after that ask him to punch you really hard in lower abdomen . 
  you are welcome . 
  sorry mister ultralisk . 
  25 % pregnant is better than 100 % pregnant from what she asks here . 
  dok ne uzimas pare od njih , nisi njihov problem . 
  edit : ** he he **, 
  streljaetvo je sport i nesto nisam video da se znoje, 
  [ uvek aktuelno ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1siwez9haba ), 
  2 . slike a ne video . 
  upravo sam popio 3 piva sa ortakom u parku i grupa klinaca je nas u soku i neverici gledala kako pakujemo konzerve u kese , bacamo ih u kantu i odlazimo . 
  oldschool deco . 
  ma kapiram super sto si linkovao ali sam potrosio volje da pravim accounte vise bilo gde u sledecih 100 godina, 
  vise ne moras da brises browser history sto se r/serbia tice . 
  e jesi legenda, 
  you have been banned on r/europe . 
  ma nema sanse , on da mlati milione a ja da se nerviram , jebes ti to . 
  [ natural look ] ( http://static.srcdn.com/wp-content/uploads/star-wars-7-rumor-emperor-returning.jpg ), 
  if we are going there , hillary should undelete emails . 
  edit : vidim da si ovo editovao pa da dodam, 
  tbh , it wasnt dota till late 5 . xxx patches, 
  i remember some version of 5.84 that would load for ages and another one that was teenage orgasm fast . 
  [ `` smooth as fak '' ] ( http://www.everydaykiss.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/my-nephew-is-smooth-as-fuck..jpg ), 
  nema dileme tu nino . 
  edit : i naravno si rekao da ti je to fetish ? 
  edit dva : [ wtf nino ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mwhfyjatbk4 ), 
  check da izvalis comtruza, 
   colour, 
  koja je to rasa ? 
  on sigurno nece da seta na prajdu, 
   or you finish the trip without any fuzz , and after a while can get some shorter work days as a trade of, 
  you understand he doesnt operate only train on tracks and that his time mostly depends , well not mostly but completely depends of everyone doing their job right ? 
  you cant just drive a train however you want to . 
  sjw-ism at its best . 
  dissmissing entire gender?sjw , in most cases man know better than women what to to with pregnency . 
  you wont bite , cause you allready said complete bullshit . 
  abortion as free choice is used and abused , when we want that regulated , hur fucking dur , man said something . 
  no , women will have a exclusive right to this.nope . 
  its your body , but without external parties help , you cant be pregnant.and they have a call also , and when we talk equality this is the most needed part of it , men , fathers , should have same equal right to decide the faith of children . 
  trigger yourself now . 
  im bothered about whole issue and your oversimplifying of it in the comment i responded to . 
  you saying we not smart here ? 
  risky blowjob, 
  when i see boy that look like you i always search for fist size dildos in the background . 
  i didnt find one here though , and thats because your selffisting tool is holding the sign . 
  doom1 ,2 , colonization , c & c , fantasy general , ascendancy , warcraft2 , diablo , mortal kombat . 
  were really good times . 
  i quit my job 10 minutes ago for sole reason of this post . 
  i worked on this project for 9 months now , and to be honest , i do n't like results and i can just burn everything down like it never happened . 
  unlike your parents . 
  who said twinks ca n't lift ? 
   replay skipping exists in sc2 and hots . 
  the game uses all the cpu power available to simulate the game as fast as possible and disables the audio/video when you skip really far ahead, 
  thats not skipping , thats fast forward . 
  no , world doesnt need fatter , uglier version of uwe boll . 
  lale aproves . 
  nope , komunisticki offspring.nece 50 godina novije mracne istorija da nas fragmentira . 
  gfxdomain.co za sve graficke/video programe, 
  samo na internetu smes tako srce , 
  well thats the point , no ? 
  dont get me wrong , but i dont see you mass protesting aginst this kind of stuff . 
  like , its not that general american public do n't have nice econimic gains from all those wars and free free oil . 
  it doesnt work like that , nowadays you need to read biased bullshit from both sides , then take 3 foreigner country newspaper , read that , then think about what you read , and finger crossed make sane conclusion . 
  or just fuck politics as a whole , do n't vote , and live a happier life without all that filth . 
  its hard to see them from europe to be honest . 
  do 1973 su se tako i klasifikovali . 
  alo genije , kakav safe space . 
  nema safe space , akcija i reakcija . 
  maybe its some server problem and cant be fixed now backwards . 
  edit : have 36-0 game i want to look at , and im giving hope up . 
  i dont have any issue with live matches so i wouldnt coomment on that . 
  only with some replays ( from what i saw , euw in particular ) not being available . 
  4 days before serbian referendum no less . 
  `` bosnian '' borders are likely to change , one way or another . 
  25 . september.what postpone?and who said it wont be held ? 
   [ yesterday by rs president ] ( http://www.balkaninsight.com/en/article/bosnian-serb-leader-puts-controversial-referendum-on-hold--02-09-2016 ), 
  yesterday?february 9th 2016 in your link ? 
  like lets link 1989 newspapers and say war didnt even happen , 
  well , there will be 2 countries and thats that . 
  croats do n't have state in there , only serbs and muslims do . 
  im kinda shocked how eager this sub seem to invite in eu the actual same shit they dont want in uk , france and germany nowadays . 
  they are all radical muslims . 
  mhm , got it . 
  man , its almost feel like valve have topnotch developers who are topnotch paid in topnotch working environment .
