  back in the day side shop didnt exist.we chopped trees like madmans to figure out where to get 1 tree icon for recipe . 
  jel mi linkujes tribunal sad?jel si toliko retardiran sine?sta ces jos da linkujes?oces thompsona ? 
  internet agresija je mnogo nezgodna stvar . 
  / popcorn, 
  inb4 tickets go for 0.03 c, 
   the martian, 
  metric plz . 
  ruined !, 
  pipeline to europe . 
  this was southstream vs nabuko war . 
  southstream dont need to go trough syria to be connected to it . 
  get a map . 
  nabuco and southstream are not made for the purpose of going trough syria , both of them are competing for same european market .1 of them is excess . 
  bear in mind this sub jerks of to [ this ] ( http://dostajebilo.rs/wp-content/uploads/sasa-radulovic.jpg ), 
  i 'm pleasantly surprised they are mentioning women in sexual context . 
  [ optimizam ] ( http://www.notable-quotes.com/o/optimism_quote_2.jpg ), 
  how about no . 
  chill out trump . 
  sergej trifunovic je realno panjina . 
  5.5 k comments for this bullshit , yanks ... 
  russia also bring americans into space . 
  its not alot , its kinda everything . 
   ako je gas , onda bi ti trebao da imas kotao / ** stagod ** da regulises temperaturu koja hoces da bude u stanu . 
  termostat zeno . 
  no fedora?m ` lutin je fake . 
  massacre probably , genocide hell no . 
  no ,8000 military capable man killed at most generous number throwing case , while women , children and elderly were escorted by busses to safety , is not genocide . 
  you cant say 1 village male population killed is genocide cause hiroshima/nagasaki arent called genocide even though explosion didnt ask for gender or age , it just melted . 
  its payback if you will , massacre , criminal act . 
  man , as i said ,8000 man killed in a war , even if they are prisoners , is just war crime.not genocide.there wasnt intent .8000 killed at best from population of 2 milion + is not even genocide intention . 
  story nowadays is that in fresh deceased people are being burried in srebrenica memorial so we can talk about 15k dead in 2 decades time . 
   which is why so many were indicted at the hague . 
  even countries that created that court call it kangaroo court because of exactly that , icu have no credibility anymore . 
  and did un say it was genicode or what happened last summer ? 
  un said no genocide , you can be stubborn as much as you want . 
  if armenians arent genocide srebrenica for sure isnt . 
   vulkan is the first thing that will actually be able to take on dx12 and only time will tell which one is superior . 
  vulkan , even if it shows itself as slightly slower version of dx12 is superior . 
  multiplatform . 
  pa procitaj to sto si linkovao ... 
  edit : posto znam da neces evo vako, 
  [ nije bilo ersrbije ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/eb/ireland_turkey_locator.png ), 
  its not smart to compare situation 15 years ago where gaming was strict windows bussines with todays trully multiplatform market . 
  microsoft lost its monopoly and vulkan as it is has head start now.opengl / vulcan swapped places with directx , think about it like that . 
   you said multiplatform, 
  i had to elaborate further for you apparently but that is what i said . 
   i showed you an article that clearly demonstrates russia single-handedly preventing a vote recognizing the genocide from even taking place , and you call me stubborn . 
  you do understand that russia have that right not by some crazy lunatic but because other countries said they should have veto right ? 
   armenia was a genocide , just like bosnia was , whether the un ( and the u.s. ) recognizes it or not . 
  1.5 milion people killed is same as `` allegedly '' 8000 man killed , not women and children . 
  no man , not buying it . 
   luckily for me , you do n't have to buy it because several well respected international organizations who have looked into it have bought it . 
  no un resolution , it was just killing . 
  no genocide took place in bosnia.simple as that . 
  you are not the consumer that either company makes money from . 
  their money comes from 970/380 gpus and lower , and that majority of users sees why amd is , bluntly put , not a cunt . 
  for cash/performance they are unmatched though . 
  we are not talking about fed , pay attention . 
  same could be said for us . 
  just make it to `` improved '' arcane curse with his global , does double the damage than normal one , fixed . 
   most are designed to absorb shock from earth quakes, 
  im sure quakes dont make shockwaves that push them up really hard . 
  who cares about that?brussels attacks come really convenient to xenophobic bunch . 
  you cant fight this by sealing borders ... you need to fix countries refugees are coming from . 
   that is n't exactly true . 
  it is mostly true , and syrians are once again getting fucked over cause we cant organize shit . 
  i would turn gay just to fuck his stupid hypocritical ass . 
  you are hurting real refugees that way , how is it possible to overlook the majority of people affected by that ? 
  you can do good enough job , you can try to make xenophobic completely sealed to refugees society , but that wont prevent airports blowing up , flying busses and open markets on sunday being attacked . 
  you are trying to segregate people who have nothing more to lose . 
  well we dont deny it , we just think 8k supposedly killed isnt genocide , its more of a retribution . 
  when un says its genocide , then ok.ad hoc kangaroo courts no . 
   right - because we 're seeing terrorist attacks in countries with strong immigration controls and low immigrant populations ? 
  just cause it didnt happen so far doesnt make them safe . 
   exactly right , because it 's these people who 'd make perfect targets for extremist recruiting . 
  man , you are delusional , put literal army on border , people will still go in and out.you cant control smugglers lol , those people dont even go in regular checkpoints.corruptions wins everytime ... 
  8k suposedly you burry godknows what since then in that memorial . 
  8k even if it was , its just payback number not genocide . 
  naser oric for instance . 
  and we didnt make camps and you arent killed nearly as much as jews were . 
  well , yes , its war son . 
  the guys who beat him up probably lost some dear ones and went on spree , your dad included . 
  you mean , we are lucky cause we didnt do even bigger `` genocide '' or what ? 
   you must be proud of your army . 
  i kinda am , like we have a long army history here , on historical right side of things . 
   isis shit . 
  is today bosnia without republica srpska.thats why srpska is going out of bosnia , kangaroo court , nato bitching doesnt matter . 
  man , if serbia ever joined that war , we would talk genocide . 
  1244 , kosovo and metohija is still here . 
   it 's because of people like you that another war in bosnia is inevitable . 
  okay , and this time , when in future you bitch about genocide , you will have what to bitch about , all 100 of you . 
   the amount killed does not matter . 
  mhm so kuilling a bakery guy is genocide against bakers?wtf are you on about . 
  ok , let us take srpska first , vojvodina was talked about in 1914 i think and guess what . 
   starting your country with genocide does n't exactly work out well especially when the victims come back with a vengeance . 
  when native americans start massing weapons it will be popcorn time . 
  tu mora da je neko intervenisao.gledam na zapad . 
  ucesnik farme 7 . 
  `` diskusija '', 
   kako ?
