  cause isis does n't control anything vital for asad and or russia . 
   meanwhile , the iraqi 's , kurds , and the rest of the us coalition forces are making significant gains against isis , backed by us air strikes against isis . 
  if by significant gains you mean profit from arm sales , then i agree with you . 
  what money sink?everything is paid by saudis and your uninvited pressence there only support what you call `` conspiracy theories '' . 
  i cant even imagine us doing any action in middle east without a node from petrodollar gods . 
  to summ this up for you , us is `` bombing `` isis areas for media public appearance and to differentiate isis from absolute same jihadi shits that west calls '' moderates '' and by that they are presented as some kind of legal ressistance to completely legaly elected government . 
  the peacefull stunt us did in ukranie and violent stunt they pulled in lybia , wont happen in syria . 
  how much was that recent arms deal to saudis ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/civilian_casualties_in_the_war_in_afghanistan_ ( 2001 % e2 % 80 % 932014 ) #civilian _ and_overall_casualties _ .282013.29, 
  https://www.law.upenn.edu/journals/jlasc/articles/volume10/issue1/reyhan10u.pa.j.l.&amp;soc.change1 ( 2007 ) . pdf, 
  if us ever get to the bench being sued for their war crimes and crimes against humanity , you wouldnt be able to have military in any shape or form in next 100 years . 
   that is a pretty ignorant point to make . 
   firstly the taxes ( the us does n't directly get money from arms deals ) on that $ 1.5 b comes nowhere near the $ 6b - 7b price tag of us air strikes , let alone the unaccounted for material support of coalition troops on the ground . 
  about me being ignorant part , you have to understand some economics . 
  if i order arms deal to us as a foreign country and pay cold cash for it , every single cent of that money is in us economy , what part government get from the taxes is their share , but whole chain of events that created jobs for that deal are paid with that money . 
  so its not just tax that government gets , its the literral every cent of that money that stays in us and us government dont have to spend anything to create jobs . 
  and that is media published jobs , godonlyknow how much money comes off the radar . 
  basicaly , i think american public is completely oblivious to the fact that their soso welldoing is not linked with their exceptional hardwork or some patriotic bullshit . 
  us economy is based on 2 things , warmongering and middle eastern oil . 
  i do n't say us is bad and i do n't hate them like i maybe sound , but bullshitery about us being good guy especially in syria makes me really mad . 
  american people i dont hate even slightly , i just cant stand the really despicable actions of us government in last 30 soso years . 
  like since clinton , hell maybe even bush senior , its all downhill . 
  natural selection , capitalism way . 
  [ do worry about the decay , we have got the restaurator on it as we speak !, 
  not doing uncalled for police job . 
   we would have to hear the rest of the world bitch and moan, 
  you only hear that in media , for that `` leaving a mess '' international instutution exist that can work alot more efficiently and without lobby groups in us deciding the fate of outcome of a given mess . 
  depends who you ask . 
   i 'll admit , we do cater very well to money though . 
  thats the problem , if you went into syria with just moral public compas , probably would do same stuff russia does today . 
   srebrenica gets a serb mayor, 
  major se ne pise tako i koliko se secam bio je general . 
  no chill iz nis, 
  [ pffff , casuals ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hyperinflation#yugoslavia ), 
  they kinda killed their own people mostly.i dont see americans killing their own kind in millions , apart blacks and latinos, 
  im from serbia . 
  you pulled that same `` moderate rebels '' shit here , when you needed a reason to bomb us . 
  you probably dont rememeber how you did it , but in short , you took kla out from list of international terrorist groups and started to support them . 
  fuck your hypocrisy , enough is enough, 
  its better , cause people who survive still have control over their natural resources , in example , oil . 
  j/k man ... serbian here , we know that type of problem, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=56nqakfr8e8 ), 
  til : you can give gold to yourself, 
  odlican video . 
  hteo sam da jos nastavljam ovo ali za informer i vucicev ministar , i dinkicevu super privatizaciju dan danas solventne beobanke da se napravi mesta za rajfanzene , pa duvanksa industrija ... 
  i ' t cant be done like this , you must have both sides of spectrum tough . 
  toilet cleaning , laundry folding and dinner making should be olympic sports too . 
  yea ? 
  like , do you understand a simple fucking concept , of us will not change legitimate givernment as they want ? 
  can someone send this woman a calendar and history book please ? 
  im not sure she is aware of the `` not.fuck.with.russia.in.winter '' rule, 
  so , correct me if im wrong , russia is a bad guy now to blame for refugees , cause she stands in the way of western backed terrorista that started all of this crap ? 
  imavine this shit.just try.imagine if west didnt arm those cunts to begin with ? 
  imagine if they stop supporting them right now ? 
  why is that not the endgame?cause us values their actions more than civilian lives . 
  us will be trialed for this crap . 
  asad and russia are winning big time in syria . 
  clear evidence right there . 
  listen , if us foreign policy was created this day , we could talk about noble objectives of that . 
  after seeing last 30 years of us actions i can even claim that those forces coming to mosul are bringing fresh weapons to isis . 
  empires fall . 
  and in tbis case there are no 2 wrongs.there is only one wrong that is being fixed now . 
  maybe i am , but you are completely delusional, 
  refugees will have a country this way to come back to , and not a.western colony . 
  you understand thats why shit went south and refugees are just product of us getting surprised with their pants down and not willing to give up ? 
  would argue that us government wants it . 
  you know how much time was bi used as legitimate evidence by prowest reditors ? 
  say that to apple sweat shops, 
  problem is , russians know that too, 
  so why dont call for unconditional ceasefire of their terrorist rebels in syria then ? 
  anti nato maybe , somewhat pro russia , we like china also . 
  i 'm pro russian tough , but you cant generalize things like that . 
  how the fuck is sharing political party info to the public bad.like yes , it will change some minds , but providing hidden wrongdoing of political parties is never a bad thing . 
  its almost like russia is sovereign country without need to oblige to neither washington,wall-street or brussels, 
  like us never did that anywhere?meddling into elections ? 
  but before whataboutism , i cant really understand , what triggers you about this ? 
  the fact that russia , without any evidence so far about taht accusation , is influencing american elections , or is it the fact that democrats are shady bunch of fucks ? 
  listen , you are being naive here , cause you dont understand the situation you are in . 
  i 'm from little country , far away fom this whole mess , and we here are used to this kind of plays , technicaly , we have the expiriance of foreign influnce on elections in a scale that i could do a tutoring here . 
  and that being said , you are having much more problems in your country if you think that foreign hacks , even if they are from russia as your government claims , are bad thing for american public . 
  no , thats not how it works , last time i checked , more than 2/3 of world population doesnt want to be in the nato/west line . 
  tbh , you should be forced to reconsider actions . 
   there 's plenty of evidence . 
  none . 
   well according to the leaks , if you actually look at the documents , they are far less shady than you 'd think . 
  at least based on the leaks ** so far ** . 
  and by the panic i see , there will be more . 
  listen paranoidmoron i just cant figure , what refugee you are , bosnian or albanian ... 
  cause only them buttlick nato cause reasons . 
  refugee night or what ? 
  no , but general public in little countries is not completely retarded as is case in atleast 1 superpower state . 
  also little countries have little rivals , and that doesnt mean that you have more expirience in topic talked here , so shut it or listen . 
  or transported to syria , what is more realistic . 
  its just the matter of scale , thats the thing im talking about , think it like boxing categories . 
  you are heavyweight , we are feather , but everything is the same . 
  business insider and stay reditors circlejerk go hand in hand , figuratively speaking . 
  tbh , since i was here , pick whats worse . 
  not spending money as soon as you get since it will be 0 worth in couple of hours/a day tops , or carrying big stacks of cash that actually have some worth . 
  i can understand why valve cant do it for feeders , but i dont understand why they dont ban techies pickers, 
  bayden and `` oh they will know '' retaliation .
