  holy shit, 
  we suffered that day9 3k shittalk for 5 days so they can play some offshit card game dota players give 0 fucks for to begin with . 
  that makes great sense . 
   3rd is `` special announcement '', 
  fingers crossed `` we wont work with day9 ever '', 
   dk is extremely weak hero . 
  the fuck, 
  its even more complicated than chess . 
  1v1 abusing mechanical restriction of humans , very good . 
  5v5 same old insane ai shit . 
  he should stop laughing then, 
   trying desperately to fit in and be relevant, 
  pretty much , he is like 5th hero , pardon , ** character ** being randomed at battlecup grandfinals . 
  yea , he is far from ideal but you just have to go with it because someone was an ass . 
  raging hardon for nymphora, 
  looks like hon trash nymphora , really hope it is, 
  yea krob is all lol, 
  wow , such unbalance, 
  12-15 year old is his target audience . 
  or older with same mental capabilities . 
   redeye has similar flaws . 
  he knows when to shut the hell up , while this cunt just goes his solo youtube smartassing whole time . 
  no dad jokes , only masturbate, 
  their god is the most boring retarded shit that ever hosted ti . 
   `` panel flow '' . 
  how you expect youtube monologue persona to understand that?like how ? 
  same reason he is on ti , shills . 
  he chockes any sane discussion with his need for airtime, 
  he is host , not commentator , and tbh day9 3k remarks just cringe the shit out of ti, 
  thats the numbet of repeating shills in this kind of threads who buttlick day9, 
  purge is the guy to blame for day9 hosting.fuck him, 
  white flag taunt please, 
  far better to ask that than to cringe whole world about his lack of knowledge about secret, 
  no knowledge = letting people with knowledge speak . 
  3k knowledge = trying to act smart all the fucking time but failing . 
  he chocked every single talent in that scene . 
  sc2 caster scene could live without sean ezpz , why do we need him here again ? 
  hey fangirl , still wetting panties on balding manchildren ? 
   he acknowledges that he is a 3k player, 
  and he shuts the fuck up when ppd sneeze . 
  its that simple . 
  you let them talky talk , you dont make 3k observations , you just fill the silence if you need to . 
  calling it now , this is last time we saw this cunt on ti as host, 
  there are sane questions , and there are day9 questions . 
  he enables cringe only , panel would talk on its own . 
  cant understand people who whine about lumi while not whining about day fanboy 9, 
  or with cocaine , you dont want to fuck yourself too much, 
  he was `` hosting '' entire tournament, 
  ld is like the voice of dota for me , right along with tobi . 
  i never had problem with any of the casters , especially ones that are not just out of the blue on ti . 
  i didnt mind commentary but ill see now what you were saying in game 2 , maybe i just leave them as noise and watch dota with more focus, 
   they get to cast 2 of the most important games of the year feelsfuckingmindblownman, 
  both still topple starcraft ~ ~ boy ~ ~ character hosting, 
  tobi synd finals so no worries, 
  only people that view it on screen can . 
  would suck if only people with camera could see them, 
  yea man , people in arena dont see shit unless its on screen . 
  nps, 
  rats, 
  he knows we know how much trash he is . 
  pure starcraft garbage, 
  new people are ok , old people from other games that like to gamehop for money are not . 
  ignore shills u/kapiten22 , valve see how much shit they bought to ti with daygay, 
   funny how you actually do n't know anything about him at all . 
  i followed him all the way from begining of his starcraft player days . 
  he is twofaced cunt.no fangirl will tell me otherwise . 
   nope . 
  valve approached him so go email valve your bitchings . 
  evidence that every shit shilled on r/dota2 can get traction at valve . 
  also , i like you to earn your money , not just burry this kind of threads , work it fangirl, 
  i started to remember you name honey, 
  you slacking fangirl, 
  he got award tough . 
  award for worst ti hosting to date, 
  but but but muh day 9 character, 
  i dont know man , ppd was more of a host then day9 . 
  flow was like this :, 
  day9 give some shit question , gets 2 word comebacks from others , then ppd moves is in right direction and chatflow get on till sean dont realise he is losing airtime and then he cuts them off again . 
  ppd would be great host if you ask me . 
  he was defacto host of this ti . 
  he was shit in sc2 hosting , he was shit here . 
  atleast he is consistent . 
   as good as day9 is as a host , the fact he does n't really know dota very well is patently obvious . 
  redeye and machine dont even play but they look less cringy as hosts . 
   day9 has over a decade of broadcasting experience !, 
  i dont see what does that have to do with his shit hosting of ti, 
   that 's the style of day9 , and he does n't cater to kids ( in particular ) . 
  kids and teens are his audience , wtf are you talking about . 
  he have more point then you on this . 
  we dont care about his starcraft hosting , he was the shittiest host on ti ever . 
  what does his years of experience have to do with him not knowing how to host ? 
  its not opinion , its the fact that people say on every media apart this brigaded sub . 
  this was the shittiest hosting of ti in 7 years . 
  thats not the way you earn you pay shill fangirl , piss off . 
  * 30 cents more than young crowd combined, 
  shitpost harvest come earlier every year, 
  i told you you have multiple accounts shill fangirl, 
  fangirls other acc :, 
  as in literal faker , that should be day9 without any runner-ups . 
  fangirl with dementia,
