  no , they are not.maybe you expect that but thats not the practice . 
   because nudity is allowed in a lot of countries ,, 
  you can go downtown naked?you didnt read what i said . 
   men do n't get punished for not covering their heads , and women would , why ? 
  is n't that oppressing women ? 
  its their cultural thing and its only opressing in your western eyes, 
  just as the western women on friday night out is complete slut in iranian womens eyes . 
  its important for people to have a choice . 
  you are doing exact same thing you accuse them of , telling them what to do . 
  they are forced to get dressed to go out , if they dont , they get hit by the law . 
  you just read that because its too hard for you to grasp that im not actually . 
  till then , leave iranian women dressing alone . 
  no , i said, 
   its important for people to have a choice . 
   you are doing exact same thing you accuse them of , telling them what to do . 
  you are being nazi and kkk with trying to change iranian women dressing code , enforcing what you think is right upon them , just like nazi and kkk did . 
  do you understand now ? 
  actually that makes you a hypocrite . 
  but you are right , hypocrites technicaly do criticize other on same stuff they themselfs are doing wrong . 
  but u dont bash it anywhere but here , to back up your stance on iranian cultural thing ? 
  i understand you tough . 
  who ever said that women are forced to ? 
  islamic revolution happened there , and women who were still alive today were dressing before it like we dress in west . 
  its cultural thing and you can get wrong impression on reddit and similar leftists sites that women are really against hijabs and shit . 
  and then you have france banning burkinis far away from irans naught naughty laws . 
  its just their culture man , and law were made to protect that culture not enforce it . 
  you see how you dont want to understand that tiny little bit difference between race hate crimes and dressing codes ? 
   latin titus, 
  its ancient titt i think . 
  he ended up as one . 
  as i said somewhere else , if you think that being forced while * visiting * iran , think about all the people in western countries that are * forced * to wear clothing in public places while they only want to go everyday full naked and live their lives like that . 
  edit oslikava moj komsiluk 100 %, 
  i understand that you can imprisoned in western societies just as easy as in iran from not wearing burka . 
  try going naked downtown . 
  you are forcint that subject and you didnt hear proper response to it so you can parrot it like you are used to . 
  you have 0 idea what opression really is and you are just sjw ing for no reason here . 
  if i figured you as sjw you are showing me you are earlier , i woulndt waste my time on you . 
  i dont like the premise of your comment.its hitleresque . 
  people like to see other side of western propaganda or something . 
  tired of making almost top 100 chess player gets this much of sjw atention , but what can you do . 
  you cant insult chetnik with that . 
  this is why we send you to jungle alone . 
  nukes are still there.seem like superpower to me . 
  10k nukes vs + -500 , not same shit, 
  its like our reditor everyday life minus the water . 
  * cinematic experience . 
  u to ne zalazim , ima ih sto se krste samo posle popa , [ ne znaju ocenas ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zwqchkyvwj0 ) , sve stoji . 
  super su oni to resili , samo se na stadionima ne biju . 
  to ti radis neku reviziju , bas trolujes do koske . 
   http://www.ustavni.sud.rs/page/view/sr-latn-cs/70-100028/ustav-republike-srbije, 
   http://www.nspm.rs/images/stories/01maja/feb/briselski_sporazum_afp_getty_main.jpg, 
  you cant say nono to srebnica , nono to kosovo * and now ask for our help . 
  usually , news headline and article itself have very little in common . 
  think it like this :, 
  news headline is `` im feeling lucky '' button , article is what happens when you click it . 
  like extreme left nowadays, 
  you have too much question for guy who just bash on whole right spectrum from sole purpose of not understanding/not agreeing with their views and somewhat comparing them with fascist . 
  same can be said for you on same principle . 
  laws of that time are still laws . 
  antigay laws existed long before nazis and even after them , and even now.dont sjw me here . 
  im not saying they were good , but you cant view laws from the past from present time and judge . 
  laws of before were still laws . 
  he got 10 %, 
  legendo, 
  involment in military conflict on rebel/terrorist side against legal government is bigger war crime than being called by legal government to carpet bomb terrorists in said country , atleast in nonhypocrite teachings, 
  every phone has a fleshlight suited for you apart iphone 7 . 
  you can bully some little countries with this type of accusations . 
  you cant do that with russia , thats just wet dreams . 
   this is n't bullying , if you think that 's what war crimes tribunals are , you have a fucked world view . 
  war tribunals in last 40 years are political courts , have nothing to do to with justice or moral . 
  from what i see here , nato doesnt have any plan but plans they used against far lesser countries and their regimes.russia is immune to that . 
  milosevic case was same as sadam , gaddafi and asad one , he was just bad business partner to the west but in reality politician who got elected fair and square . 
  about war crimes , when you meantion milosevic , a guy who wasnt sentenced for anythig at all , why did not any nato country prosecute croats for [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_storm ), 
  hint : nato was involved and deportation of 300.000 people from their home is not a warcrime . 
  you dont want to see the hypocrisy that happens all the time , and you think you are on good guy side , while in reality , you just support people who support either terrorists or borderline terrorists . 
  nice argument there , `` bosnian '' guy in canada or whereever you exiled.love how you explained me the 300.000 serbs forced out as not ethnic cleansing material . 
  still in serbia myself , cause we defended our country many times in last 25 years . 
  you are giving too much credit to politicians and politically ruled military alliance . 
  listen , only thing im sure of , is that they are more corrupt then you and me . 
  about their intelect , im not sure people we see everyday are there for that . 
  problem is , you really arent asked about this . 
  source : born in yugoslavia . 
  its in wiki title , it must be true reddit logic . 
  crickets ... 
  something something nasilje nad zenama, 
   even if you make it a no-fly zone ,, 
  no way , we know what happened in gadafiland . 
   syria was such an amazing country and the people were super friendly . 
  you can bet it will be and people still are , it just a damn shame really , nothing else can be said with this forced conflict with sole purpose to get better bussines partner for wester world instead of asad . 
  edit :, 
   `` i hope you will have cancer '', 
  thats like , friendly dota variant of `` learn to play this game '' . 
  internet culture is toxic , dota isnt . 
  if you played dota in lan envoiriment , you would know that nerds are allways tough guys when without risk of instant physical punishment . 
  in lans , everything is just gg and have fun , kisses and hug . 
  unless there is puppey . 
  from yugoslavia , iraq , ukraine , and arab springs , pattern is pretty clear . 
  lets run naked in the west on the streets cause laws about being dressed in public are killing our human rights/oppressing us ? 
  edit : downvoting brigade without answers , noice, 
  its like burkinis in france , laws forbid this and that in different countries .
