  yap , amd is to blame cause sheeps were buying nvidia generation after generation even when amd offered better chips . 
  i could not care less about position of idiots how created all of this mess trough the years of paying 30-40 % more to nvidia to have 5-10 % improvement in top line .0 fucks really . 
  now enjoy the monopoly and give the rest of us decent priced mid to high tier cards like we are used to . 
  you sound like a shill, 
  i saw benchmarks that makes vega fe going blow by blow against titan xp and p5000 . 
  half the price of the later . 
  there was less drama on r/politics when trump was elected, 
  if i had to pick i would trust the manufacturers more then handfull of circlejerking posters here that ignored the fact that rx vega hits p5000 for half the price but muh gaming on pro card sucks . 
  or 1060 price 1070 performance . 
  that would be sweet spot for me, 
  its a win win situation . 
  gay people go to gay friendly countries for free , and russia does n't have to cater that particular group and oppress majority of the population . 
  oh i save all of this whinny threads , in a month there will be serious nose rubbing of this noise trolls, 
  i see ocasionall 60k rpm on system fan , hdd low temps on -60 degrees , that little program cant.make.mistakes, 
  i dont like this now , he very very clearly stated amd didnt provide the card and `` it crashed 2 times boys , here is the opening and we release review tommorow '' reaks of send us money amd or else . 
  and this is why you dont use opensource freeware but you get student versions of 3dsmax/maya or similar . 
  hell , i 'm sure big companies would throw free key or 2 for testing purposes on decent enougb big channels, 
  this isnt some tiny bug . 
  this is not fully supported opencl , open source api in open source package.that bad . 
  thats why i said , instead of using freeware only , maybe its nice idea to have commercial versions of cad software as backup, 
  it comes handy if its harsh winter, 
  cant wait for late july to ask you some questions, 
  that in 99 % comes from cpu , its missleading, 
  you were right for a short period of time with that 19m prediction . 
  california love, 
  you guys are delusional if you think amd can just magically overrun nvidia with their r&d budget and with technically lagging behind whole generation at this point . 
  another `` great mid range card for great price '' is the best way to remain in the market, 
  but that cpu sucks at gaming / s, 
  its all about pricing as always , sure butthurt freesync owners will whine to no end , but who cares, 
  depends on what you consider `` good '' . 
  for some people everything under +20 % of 1080 ti is fail . 
  for me , good vega will be competitive in mid to high segment with intel for less money . 
  i do n't care if its not the fastest card on market . 
  i heard the same thing before ryzen launch , ill wait this one out, 
  dota 2 viewer numbers looks much better, 
  how is that bad for average consumer again ? 
  please do tell me how you know how good rx vega is without knowing pricing, 
  we are you just didnt read good . 
  how ? 
   does n't matter if nv just price matches or even undercuts with a 1080 piece drop considering its cheaper to make and we 'll over a year old now . 
  that guy that said this was like somewhat biased i think, 
  link to pricing of rx vega plz, 
  only thing that keeps me optimistic is lack of panic from amd . 
  if something was this wrong with vega , some guy would speak out allrdy . 
  one of the perks living in serbia, 
  thunderbird 1200mhz never forget, 
  he could go 720p and get more, 
   mad only works as long as one the parties is not actually mad . 
  looking at all parties , that `` not actually mad '' prerequisite does n't hold at all . 
   to me that says that its not using the right drivers because none of the new features are working for games even though they should be . 
  act ii comes in july , july 45th i think, 
  gains are gains, 
  what would r/amd bitch about then ? 
  same as what?what other vega card have you seen before ? 
  when they said driver wasnt intentionaly gimped , they said like this is the best shit that work , sort of , atm . 
  in before vega exactly between 1080 and 1080ti at least . 
  5 stats  3 stats, 
  yea , this will be deadly for reddit users like cop brutality to white people, 
  you can 5 x 25 % vs 3x25 %, 
  i dont know how hard is to understand . 
  5 stats  3 stats, 
   no one said silvers are better than golds . 
  reread, 
  google cant help you with sticking on last comment in chain and ignoring whole discussion . 
  i said like i said, 
  `` 5 stats  3 stats '', 
  its not really hard concept to grasp unless you want to strawman this to eternity, 
  day9 filter please, 
  i would take gold one with, 
  teamfight +20 %, 
  creep score +20 %, 
  and 2 additional stats, 
  how hard is to grasp that concept , while best silver card can be better that shit tier gold card that is not even in players role the following stands :, 
  5 stats  3stats, 
  really not hard, 
  you are arguing with yourself . 
  climb the chain up to this, 
   5 stats  3stats . 
  i dont know whats wrong with you man, 
   top 3 outside of south korea . 
  so basically top 1000 global . 
  spot a jew, 
  nobody can read here just strawmans and morons, 
  one more guy who didnt read, 
   is there some simple way to jsut get rid of this bug forever without having problems elsewhere ? 
  thanks !, 
  move it all away up in top right corner and thats that . 
  3dsmax 2017 , everytime i get above 4 milion poligons , wireframe corruption . 
  happening on rx560 , r250x and r280x . 
  on nvidia 750ti no problem with any number apart fps droping to slideshow . 
  i dont have a heart to activate it now , it is there for like couple of months so far . 
  microsoft should make option to keep that overlay if you activate it . 
  until then no money from me . 
  always keep in mind that other amd fail called ryzen , also known as slower per core then 2 generation old intel cpu . 
  just look at sales and see how much that ryzen is shitty product, 
  having that impresion from the get go . 
  ok reality guy . 
  what is the price/perdormance of vega rx ? 
  see ? 
  it went over you,
