  wild arnaut presenting how much serbian government gives to province shows up . 
  fiat is kind of big here . 
  [ best in the business ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ani17ylnzpg ), 
   assad gassed his own civilians . 
  democratic elections mean nothing if the elected personnel turn on their own populace and break rules . 
  hitler was elected democratically , does that mean he 's excused for his crimes ? 
  biased claims without unbiased proofs . 
  i say you are defending sadams womd again . 
  i dont buy it . 
  first comment says it was windshield wiper success test . 
   do n't try to peddle this garbage as if people in the us rose up regarding syria . 
  they saw weakness tough . 
   the un has confirmed it , there 's no bias about it . 
  complete horseshit you are selling here . 
  like i said , same sadams womd fabrication . 
  un worked on uk , us and france `` reports '', 
  nothing new here buddy . 
  cutting military spending and tightening domestic production is the right way to go . 
  sure , it would be more more costly to produce lets say iphone in us , but apple still have like 2000 % profit margine to cut into . 
  right.russia went long way from misdeeds they did as ussr and nowadays , compared to nato and bullshittery west sells on daily basis and for so loooooong , they look like good guys . 
  russia did far less evil in last couple of decades while us and nato had free reign.see what happened . 
  oh man , every country controls market and trade , some more.obvious than another . 
  making iphones is not really obsolete . 
  if i recall correctly , that toppling of democratic elected government led to crymea river situation.remind me if other 2 cause i only recall south osetia , province , as shirt term proxy . 
  chechnya was legit . 
  like you cant derail me from this.you can call me.acusse me of whatever bullshit you want . 
  2017 nato is scumbag watmkngering organisation currently.nithing but that . 
  iphone is just and example.tesla cars , solar panels , everything from ground up us product . 
  you are spinning now . 
  did he won elections fair?and how did ukraine people wanted him out then ? 
  same thing like in yugoslavia , iraq , gaddafiland and attempted in syria.thats just some governments , without including chaos in south america and mainland africa . 
  nista gore od full caps lock-a . 
  never gon na happen , artificaly made so called state that produces nothing but criminals and migrants should not exist in the first place . 
  on first us wink that they will leave bondsteel , ( trump was talking the other day about shutting down europe bases ) albanians will have to pick : live in kosovo and metohija , serbian province or be escorted back to albania . 
  nato made this mess 17 years ago . 
  think of milosevic like asad without russian support . 
  exactly that level of bullshit happened . 
  nice clintonesque narrative there buddy . 
  hint , they gone now . 
   no international law or sc resolution was broken when kosovo declared independence . 
  resetting mess nato created by its warmongering . 
  shocking, 
  its better to defend this than to admit you grande fucked up with giving them sort of independance . 
  they kind of have their country called albania just next door . 
  also second biggest inflix of albanians after ww2 happened after nato intervention . 
  yes , thats why he said he will abandon europe bases . 
  lolollol you are not banned there . 
  so less than 1000 people killed in 3 years war is massacre now ? 
  ** nice clintonesque narrative there buddy . 
  some sources are best sources especihly when you link sources that show there was barely 500 people killed inarmed conflict . 
  time is ticking , we are coming back . 
  only thing that is stopping serbia now to physicaly reclaim its province is not the international law that was stomped with selfproclaimed independance but us base that make our procince nothing more than us protectorate . 
  if trump tears that one down , we will just close the circle . 
  crimea was taken with huge power behind it.that power serves in selfinterest and decision is unchangable . 
  `` kosovo '' surives today with same power behind it.only thing that holds us behind it is the energy/mining deals blair/clintons and couple of other high ranked politicians have with pupprt government and serbia wont give . 
  and that administration is comming to end in few days.life is fucking good . 
  we call that `` donkey worries '', 
  great guys , make fence aginst the bear just near his territory . 
  dont forget to arm yourselves with sticks and share your steam inventory with rest of us . 
  everyone who was targeted by previous foreign policy . 
  tables are turned now . 
  you could wank one out nostradamus . 
  ] ( https://pics.onsizzle.com/who-would-win-archduke-franz-ferdinand-a-serb-of-austria-2692836.png ), 
  mislim da je reklamica samo, 
   sex with under age employee ,, 
  i 'm confused, 
  ] ( https://allkindsofhistory.files.wordpress.com/2011/09/princip-arested.jpg ) vid ga kaki je , pogled kao da ce da srusi carstvo ej . 
  ] ( http://i2.mirror.co.uk/incoming/article3218071.ece/alternates/s615/assassination-of-archduke-franz-ferdinand.jpg ), 
  ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/55/35/b6/5535b6e4ca112acf2a7ea3a290a2886a.jpg ), 
  ] ( https://southcarolina1670.files.wordpress.com/2010/06/breakup-of-hungary.jpg ), 
  tbh , germany should have wall brought back in . 
  like west followed law in `` kosovo '', 
  buzzfeed or some shit , right next to a post `` what transformer is your spirit animal '', 
  left was the most warmongering bunch of cunts since ww 2 . 
  u do understand the moment nato gets dismised from serbian province its kosovo serbian province and crimea in russia . 
  ne na fedora incident, 
  absolutely that , im just expanding that with crimea having regular referendum on independence while `` kosovo '' did not even have that . 
   i suspect that the crimea status will be settled in exchange for donetsk/etc going back to ukraine and some other assurances . 
  diplomacy , you know . 
  spot on . 
   ginger, 
   [ na prvoj slici jason statham ( ako sam pravilno napiso ] ( https://cdn.meme.am/instances/500x/45193034.jpg ) . 
  shocking, 
  bruto, 
  still better than people i play with, 
  deceptive user name, 
  just report threads for shilling , cause this cant be real . 
  he was n't even that impactfull in sc2 scene . 
  moneygrabbing sellout sums it up . 
   a high level ex starcraft 2 player, 
  shilling man , not new but new to r/dota2 , you make me sick, 
  with `` on na scene '' , that can be correct . 
   he has been grandmaster at some point in sc2 on ladder with all races, 
  never happened , complete bullshit , he was only good during beta phase of sc2 when population was measured in 10k people . 
  and that was before grandmaster rank was even introduced .1 fucking tournamet sean won , please , cause i responded to `` highlevel ex sc2 player '' , that would make me the same category with that douche . 
  hi made impact on bellow plat scrublord on felicity ill give him that . 
  other of that category , he just leeched on tasteless sucess . 
  korea and pretty decent players nowadays.dont sell me that lol logic how numbers of consumers = good product . 
  go watch some bieber hippy . 
  you trolling man ...
