  you cant posibly say that propaganda of this or that shape isnt present everyday everywhere . 
   formal declarations of war just are n't a thing anymore and have n't been since 1945 . 
  you dont just do that letter thingy and you go to war , there are institution in attackers country that must be asked about that kind of business and that was seriously lacking in every shape or form . 
  from link :, 
   in 1973 , following the withdrawal of most american troops from the vietnam war , a debate emerged about the extent of presidential power in deploying troops without a declaration of war.a compromise in the debate was reached with the war powers resolution . 
  this act clearly defined how many soldiers could be deployed by the president of the united states and for how long . 
  it also required formal reports by the president to congress regarding the status of such deployments , and limited the total amount of time that american forces could be deployed without a formal declaration of war . 
   the only exception was president clinton 's use of u.s. troops in the 78-day nato air campaign against yugoslavia during the kosovo war . 
  [ citation needed ], 
  the most criminal war ever to be fought basicaly.and on top of that , it was hitting 90 % of civilian infrastructure . 
  winter battle pass and this one = 2 . 
  im actually fighting against that , can you reread the chain before jumping into that crap ? 
   it was a humanitarian intervention , not a war . 
  redcross does humanitarian interventions , this was in all intent and purposes , a war . 
  its more of 100 % merlini for me . 
  everything is ok apart from the fact that this and last battle pass completely skew gameplay cause of those damn quests . 
  its easier to hate him then to hate yourself . 
  its a war , you can name it cookie selling scout girls intervention , its still a disruption of peace military style . 
  you did the peace talks , we won . 
   use of military forces as a central feature, 
  thats a war . 
  well yes , like im talking about that for this whole chain here . 
   no , it is n't . 
  it 's also not a war when the us does raids against drug organizations in latin america . 
  you are trolling here.they go on raids with balistic missles , army and aeroplanes?wtf . 
   another thing is that a war has ( at least ) two sides . 
  yugoslavia was n't fighting back , it simply could n't . 
  78 days to sign what yugoslavia wanted in the first place?you know first stealth bomber was shot down in yugoslav war ? 
  cause genocide never happened . 
  well 1.000.000 + vs 4.000 and only man capable of military service is not really the same . 
  thats why couple thousand dead from population of 2 millions isnt genocide.its , well , massacre at best . 
  you dont understand , you cant have genocide without woman and children killed . 
  one would think that french people dont like cutting forest cause of something . 
  you are doing gods work tough , great job man . 
  from wiki i guess?what did un say about bosnian `` genocide '' ? 
  man , if it happens that you are some kind of tree dealer , im gon na be so mad . 
  weekly and daily quests alone wil give you 20 + - levels , predictions that are not yet you , lina fireball is straight point winner , paths and predictions.yea , should be easily doable . 
   i love it whenever something happens . 
  we had a conversation about how vaginas ruin everything they touch . 
  mine is ok . 
  i actually said that . 
  just 1 thing?how long did it take?and did you used scripts right ? 
  well who knows , like maybe you hit 24 levels and and some nice ones beside and get + 50 lvls in total just from that and lc path becomes managable with 1 or 2 max level purchase , then its ok to throw some more money in it . 
  you can bet that james wont be invited . 
  icj is overruled by un.what did un say ? 
  well i cant tell you right now , whatever lc set is going to be its goind to be around 20e . 
  so if you need that 50 levels to reach lc path , hit 20e for levels and you are getting them back for sure . 
  blatant lie . 
  syria and ukraine tell different story . 
  declaration is nothing more than declaration , do you understand english , you need resolution in un to be valid . 
  ok maybe you dont lie , but dont know how un works . 
  it doesnt mean shit tough , cheaper workpower = bigger army . 
   it took 78 days because yugoslavia refused to give up . 
  not because they gained any ground . 
  resolution 1244 is exactly what we wanted , how is that giving up ? 
   so at worst the nato side had two casualties . 
  not exactly what you 'd call a two sided affair . 
  its not about casualities , its about showin middle finger to you yet again and not giving a flying fuck about what you want . 
  1244 still stands and there is nothing you can do about it , whole war was fail from which nato fled after 78 days . 
   in pursuit of the abhorrent policy of `` ethnic cleansing '' , which is a form of, 
  they call it ethnic clensing.i had to use fucking ctrl f to see what are you on about , and it showed word `` genocide '' exactly one time in the form i linked . 
  no , its not genocide , even un in your fucking resolution named it `` ethnic clensing '', 
  highlight all and search term `` genocide '', 
  this resolution was blocked.no genocide.simple . 
   total failure , russia calls itself a '' superpower '' , and yet even ukrainians could massacre their troops like its nothing . 
  `` could '', 
  you talk fiction , and the fact is , whole fucking nato stay still while they do work in syria and ukraine , and when some rogue nato country like turkey does some actuall thing against russia , they condem it cause last thing they want is any type of confrontation with `` weak '' russia . 
  ballless . 
  listen , you didnt answer to rejected stuff i linked , its not a genocide , end of story son . 
  dont be so basic about stuff you dont understand . 
  im kinda shocked how much economic pressure can country get when they refuse to sell out their oil industry . 
   the yugoslavia intervention was pretty much a complete success from nato perspective . 
  how?they were forced to sign treaty where serbia and un with veto power from russia decide future of the province . 
  17 years after war , they still cant do what they planned . 
  and btw , milosevic was in office for almost 2 years after that , his resign have nothing to with that war , he was criminal in people eyes for alot of things , but he still stands like a hero for taking on that 78 day war . 
  its a glass half full , glass half empty kind of thing . 
  well recomended specs are pretty vague and its no accident . 
  like battleborn , you read recommended spec and think hell yea im slightly better than that and buy it . 
  nobody told you that 1280/720 resolution with `` most '' settings on high is what they count as recommended . 
  i cant believe that its 2016 and we still dont have heroes of might and magic iii proper sequel or proper remaster . 
   now it feels like an eternity, 
  you have opposite problem from most humans . 
  picked ogre ,250 , didnt know people strugle with that one till i saw complaints . 
  i see alot of omni pickers crying how that quest is imposible . 
   kinda sucks because instead of making different paths based on different roles , they made int/agi/str paths, 
  til : fuzzywuzzy is str hero . 
  i play unranked . 
  i dont understand if you follow what happened . 
  if we did comply to `` peacetalks '' before nato war , our province would be long gone on very legal way . 
  there were casualities , but for 3 months of bombing entire country , numbers arent that bad.even infrastructure they were hitting needed repairs or rebuilds even before bombs . 
  victory is from sole resolution 1244 . we are the ones who will decide what is going to happen with our province.its that simple . 
   also on 30 january 1999 the contact group issued a set of `` non-negotiable principles '' which made up a package known as `` status quo plus '' -- effectively the restoration of kosovo 's pre-1990 autonomy within serbia , plus the introduction of democracy and supervision by international organisations . 
  this is the problem and that was the problem.for outsider it looks like not a big deal but in reality it is . 
  if you return kosovo and metohija status to period pre 1990 and post 1974 , thats 1 step away from legal runaway province and you cant do anything about it . 
  1244 is there for a reason and kosovo doesnt have un chair , atleast third of the world and population wise more than half of world doesnt recognize it as independant state , and from the looks of it , it never will . 
  holy shit , r/worldnews is going full agility . 
  if you search for `` optimism '' in any dictionary , this title should be the first example . 
  well , better to have housing market crash than to stay in eu and risk to get muslim mayor of london one day . 
   so your point is that kosovo should n't be allowed to be a sovereign state ? 
  i 'm assuming you 're serbian then ?
