  ] ( http://weknowmemes.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/09/apply-cold-water-to-the-burned-area.jpeg ), 
  nor it should . 
   people should be allowed to be as fundamentalist as they want as long as they are n't victimizing other people in the process . 
  nope . 
  its a breeding ground for future problems that wont be obvious upfront . 
  `` not political court '', 
  china should just whatever they f they want , this hague is complete bullshit . 
  you will have 7 more with lc path . 
   it does n't help china 's reputation to appear as a ruthless expansionist who gives a shit about international treaties and that does carry real consequences . 
  china is pretending to be next usofa . 
  west cant see hypocrisy . 
  nobody can enforce mickeymouse courts decision . 
  2k problems . 
  you think china cares about some kangaroo court that is technically in us ownership ? 
  downvotes of post likes this make me sure that reddit is easily rigged platform . 
  china and russia rules , my body is ready for downvotes . 
  fuck that , its double standard and china is doing exactly what us does all the time . 
  you sound like confusing big game geopolitics with something non important to anyone but your household . 
  us did worse thing with kosovo * , china wont give a flying fuck what us wants on this issue . 
  that kosovo * case gave both russia and china open hands to do what they want , see crimea and now this . 
  it can be placed in antarctica and still be owned by us , you freaking log . 
   china agreed to have it held their . 
  china have the power to say , `` fuck this kangaroo court and lets see who will stop us '', 
  and * there, 
  i know im talking to delusional person for starters and i what i say is us hypocrisy will not work on big and powerful countries and their interests . 
  regardless , but regarding scs watch china do whatever they want . 
  he said opinions of little shit countries doesnt matter as usuall . 
  if i get it , its free , no thanks obama . 
  no rylai spin for every quest ? 
  isnt that only for upgrade ? 
  skoro sam ima isti problem . 
   90 $ just for some quests and a skin that is worth 5 $ ? 
  actually item is not tradable or marketable . 
   now it 's just design for people to simply buy levels instead of grinding them ... 
  and that how it should be . 
  cause its good story/campaign . 
  i recently intoduced bl2 to a friend who is diehard diablo3 fan with following desription `` fps diablo '', 
  he is on 50 hours in his first week of playing ... 
  well , phaselock and kill 1 by 1 . 
  everybody have problems with them . 
  500 +100 +100 almost got the dream . 
  ok , how much of that actually hit isis ? 
  inb4 this is in some way bad . 
  but before that you have epic nonstop fight at bunker . 
  its a roller coaster ride . 
  magarece su to brige . 
  here we go . 
  nista drugo . 
  edit : isto kaze i wiki . 
   created by gaddafi himself and the libyan rebels , not the west . 
  the west simply prevented a genocide . 
  only reason you are upvoted and the other guy is downvoted is because we post on sofuckinghard biased to the west site . 
  like every other , google `` canvas '' i know about that guy , he is my countryman . 
  its really easy to topple regimes , ukraine as last successful and syria as first major fail . 
  western way of living is propelled in good measure by pure robbery of smaller countries and their wealth . 
  pure western propaganda here on reddit . 
  it looks like people themselves are completely delusional about shit their countries do for maintaning wellfare . 
  or they know and defend that horrible crap.thats kinda worse case . 
   lol give me a fucking break . 
   simply advocating for democracy and trying to promote/support democratic movements is nowhere close to sufficient to create national culpability for overthrowing of a regime . 
  and this is a freaking eastern european ngo , not a governmental/diplomatic body of any western nation . 
   you 're absolutely delusional . 
  you 're basically saying , `` arguing for democracy is subversive . '', 
  such 1984-esque thinking could only come from the mind of someone ( you ) raised in some soviet/post-soviet wasteland where free speech = terrorism . 
  i dont know how to explain you that i was a part of `` otpor '' here in serbia where all started by guidance of srdja popovic and ton of us money . 
  5 min late , you are going casual . 
  someone is going to jail . 
  - koleginica . 
  like in ukraine with euromaidan ? 
  edit : ok samo friske nov adblock + + +, 
  like , in options . 
  you go into options tab in dota and there it is :, 
  `` center camera on hero on respawn '', 
  uncheck it . 
  its not instant , you are probably in low right about now . 
  blizzard needs to be showered with moneys if you want names and title like in original dota . 
  its not about your personal preference , its about consistency . 
  status quo is more legit then name/title changing as we have seen in sk , wind fucking runner and od names . 
  gambling lawsuits , panic mode . 
  i like how we make banners for random attacks in europe but go `` business as usual '' when third world countries get attacked by us . 
  nope , civilians are killed by someones fuckup either way . 
  nope , intelligence info fucked up in both cases = civilians dead . 
  absolutely the same . 
  1 is made like is end of the world , other is made to be honest mistake . 
  its same . 
  one was peaceful region till someone outside of syria decided assad is bad business partner . 
  this kind of trash is why we are all here boys . 
  cause america is funding and supporting terrorist that want to topple legit regime . 
  there is nothing edgy about that , its just unpopular view on reddit , since reddit is western centered alot . 
  i do n't think you understand that us bombing of syria is as legal as that terrorist act in france . 
  both are act of terrorism , one on much much grander scale . 
  yes ? 
  what is good portion ? 5 % ? 
   the arab spring did a lot of things in the middle east and syria just happened to get caught up in it . 
  nope , its just syria is the most resilient one in not falling to the effect of foreign financed revolution wave . 
  so im teenager now ? 
  its like saying us did n't just bomb civilians on purpose . 
  u clearly view this from some kind of moral high ground . 
  it was n't that hard tbh . 
  southstream - nabucco 2:0,
