   rtg 's r&d budget is a small fraction compared to nv . 
  after polaris mining craze , does that really stands for the future ? 
  i would argue , maybe , that he could host major , maybe . 
  but straight to fucking ti , not as some off role to see how he goes , buts as host ? 
  i bet you , if you upvote `` we dont want turn rates '' or `` we dont want deny mechanic '' on r/dota2 for 6 months , shit will implemented . 
  cause there is no other reason why sean is host . 
  inb4 :, 
  2 hours of people reading r/dota2 , nose-picking when they do n't , and outsourcing code work to india . 
  cosmetics are done by community for peanuts anyhow, 
  dont forget londonistan if you like rain, 
  helena was superior in every way, 
  i really like how this does not sound like lets exterminate 0.42 % of population . 
  edit : yaall know what we meant, 
  jew are on to something here, 
  they dont need to join eu , they silently invaded eu with kebab districts, 
   i mean they arrested opposition leaders in the middle of the night , fake election confirmed . 
  thats one way to look at the arrests, 
  i was one of them . 
  was wrong , but still dont like map change , still dont like shrines , and still dont like harambe, 
  yet to see hero get missed by aoe, 
   if the hashrate of the rx vega 64 is near 100 mh/s, 
  well could as well just change flair to navi right about now, 
  u/snrakingdave u were saying, 
  alex is literally shaking, 
  til : you can guild yourself, 
   but that map is not great for spectating . 
  dont see why , its not that different from immortal gardens in terms of different feel from normal terrain . 
  ash + pestilence/sandstorm for some reason here . 
  i can play with ash but those 2 + gardens pretty bad . 
   she 's irrelevant, 
  she is a criminal , if trump really wants to start looking like a man he said he will be as president , she needs to get arrested and prosecuted . 
  if you start looking at your replays with same level of criticism , monitor companies sales would skyrocket . 
  i hate to see fires like this and no fireman truck stairs in the picture . 
  not sure what you think he was doing all this time . 
  i dont know about that . 
  d day was brave shit , vietnam to an extent.people mosty were not there for the money . 
  iraq and afganistan are paid stealing resources gigs . 
  tell me this , how many us troops that enlist today , would serve for only bed and feeling that they are doing a noble and brave thing ? 
  but when they are under heavy security in germany , everyone freaks out, 
  inb4 `` next gen consoles can push up to 100mhs '', 
  dont walk around this . 
   just because they are pawns in a more selfish game , that does n't mean that they do n't do a noble and brave thing . 
  robbing a bank takes more bravery , hiring homeless is more noble . 
  no , you were saying exactly this :, 
   looking at current released information , vega is a complete waste of everyone 's time . 
  ( cause of wife maybe ), 
   dont walk around this . 
  what is noble and brave being a mercenary ? 
  edit : `` berniepaulliberist '', 
  rofl , sorry about homeless part , ill fix it for you . 
  hiring illegal non white immigrant is noble thing to do . 
  ok , so why dont we pursue unhindered non eco friendly technological progress and find the means to topple impending climate change , instead of pushing for shooting ourselves in the leg over spilled milk option ? 
  is it inevatable at this point , most probably is.why not engage incoming change with full industrial strenght ? 
   i 'd say hiring people at a fair and non-predatory wage is noble . 
  no matter the papers , right ? 
  treason comes to mind, 
   why did n't they just concentrate on making a good gaming gpu ? 
  we 've been waiting for a year for this to drop , only now to find out , they 've been making developing mining gpu 's ?!, 
  nobody in his right mind expected that . 
  thinking that amd can just maintain practice of investing so much resources to just catchup to nvidia while plebs still buy nvidia no matter what would bi idiotic . 
  polaris opened their eyes i think , if gpus will sell , they dont care anymore in what part of market vega will go.in same go evaded competing with nvidia in toptop market ( who gives a shit anyway ) made decent mid-top tier cards ( 56 , you know the one i plan to buy ) and will most likely kill with sales in mining . 
  so much win for everyone.part fanboys and people with freesync monitors that expect best of the best.not this time . 
   so why do they market them as gaming gpu 's ? 
  cause , no matter the performance , they are gaming gpus . 
  directx 12 and vulkan capable . 
   those plebs that only buy nvidia , have had nothing but nvidia to buy for the past year . 
  470/480 was nice till spike.what are you talking about . 
   there was nothing that could compete with anything above a 1070 . 
  that 's why people had to buy nvidia in that section of the market . 
  it is still the case in anything above a 1080 . 
  crossfire, 
  who gives a fuck about  5 % of gamers.let them buy nvidia as they will buy volta most probably if they want top performance no matter the cost . 
   thank you for admitting that . 
  they are not very good at gaming considering their release date . 
  they are still great for gaming , even 1 year later.what are you onto really . 
  if you want the most power out of amd , you have that option . 
  i never said dont buy nvidia, 
  yes i am.i dont know why you react like this , its just simple butthurt . 
  let it go, 
  yea , you will be buying volta like you bough 1080ti . 
  doesnt have to be international , you just made that up . 
   treason requires intentional collaboration, 
  treason does n't require intentional collaboration , wtf is wrong with you, 
  you cant even disprove the simplest , first came to mind accusation of that bitch without citing your own uneducated brain most probably . 
  [ you are still wrong ] ( https://awaypoint.files.wordpress.com/2015/05/cherry-picking-1.jpg ), 
  non white most probably . 
  i dont take you people seriously . 
  i take romanians as best neighbours . 
  dont have opinion on romainan americans, 
  its never too late ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  no , its not . 
   as a single nation we will have the economic and military might to force the governments of lesser nations to cut their carbon emissions . 
  eu needs to be dismantled mostly because of this, 
  how the fuck did you get both trump and putin into this ? 
  i do n't care who is your boogieman , you are not on r/europe , stop, 
  with fascism . 
  also, 
   if we squabble over senseless little things while the world burns , then we do n't deserve to survive either . 
  you are overreacting . 
  ~ ~ high ranked politicians . ~ ~,
