  i dint know whats the fuss , isnt australia actually settled that way ? 
  never played gaige but if you really hate slagging , you can force yourself to do 30 min quests till you reach farmable trees in tiny tina dlc , get bee shield and melt everything . 
  repeat tree farm every once and a while for up to level shield . 
  no slag whatsoever needed . 
  bee is not exploit . 
  it just the matter of prefference.you dont like slag on hardest difficulty , game gives you option . 
   she 's jewish cause her husband is jewish , she converted for him , which i think it 's ridiculous to make or encourage people convert when you marry someone of that faith . 
   ** she converted for him **, 
  that subtle trigger . 
  great stuff , just apply smooth to bottom part . 
  bad timing for post tough . 
  we broke it, 
  and we know valve aint working on no sunday, 
  nice, 
  viper is to similar to dk dragon form now, 
  tbh my fist reaction was wtf . 
  then i saw talents and they pretty much make sense in alot of ways . 
  part that slark aghs bullshit . 
  yap , i was like fuck that axe taunt and spinning around doing shitton of dmg for a good month . 
  then played 10000 hours of that axe bullshit to this day . 
  2016 keep on giving . 
  i think of it like every 5 levels you get a free item to counter what u face at that moment . 
   +50 damage at level 10 for crystal maiden ? 
  how will this help her ? 
  finally my mjolnir cm build will pay off !!, 
  this , its just reactive mechanic that changes from game to game . 
  i can say i saw supports lvl 25 every other 200th game . 
  rylai mjolnir build incoming . 
  that really is shitty mockup but nice idea, 
  holy crap dota looks nice . 
  wait , old hud skins work ? 
   water ( ??? ), 
  but female so morph can rape . 
   added roshan santa hat, 
  finaly complete game, 
  huds still work and i dont know if anyone ever bought loading screen so he can look at it.it was recycle material all along . 
  ok here is one . 
  did you try to turn computer off and on ? 
  it looks nice man , i just compared it to current one we have in 6.89, 
  it was a good shitpost, 
  mjlonir build for cm, 
  pat on the back, 
  caught in a landslide, 
  he is the reason for this whole mess, 
  high adidas post . 
  holy shit !, 
  bold move cotton, 
  wasd for moving and mouse for clicking on spells and items . 
  space bar for jump . 
  to pinpoint who to flame . 
  i member, 
  it took them transition from 6 . xx to 7 . xx to fix that . 
  2025 reasonable date . 
  yea , assad this and that is to blame , nobody aknowledge pipeline as number 1 reason . 
  if he shook hand with obama and made deal , he would be god tier ( saudi arabia type of ) ally . 
   it 's good to see devs ... well not own up to their mistakes ... but at least trying to fix them . 
  what is good?to scam people of their money and use that money to make halfassed fixes ? 
  dont fall for hype , dont preorder , dont even bother with paying full price for games that will be fixed and complete by the time they become goty edition . 
  that simple . 
  studios with shitty practice will die off , witcher class of studios will remain . 
  they are not backed from us begin with january 20th . they can disband and delete, 
   they seem adamant on the obscuring of key information such as base damage , magic resistance , kda/lh , etc. 
  that is not a good sign . 
  the only thing that scares me in this patch . 
  that they will oversimplify everything.people overlooked turnrate changes . 
  you mean they will let women , children and elderly go freely and shoot down people in uniform ? 
  why is that bad ? 
  rofl that wall if text edit . 
  nice propaganda from country that will be leftover when rs exits . 
  clintons are gone son , your ass is now once again ours . 
  listen , im not saying its good but there is a narative of this event that completely overblow it . 
  srebrenica was used as safehaeven for terrorists and launchpad for attacks on near serbian villages in period from 1991-till srebrenica event , all under protection of `` peacekeepers '' . 
  what serbs did in srebrenica when they went in was planned and toughtfull reprisal for all the suffering naser oric and his terrorists did to serbs . 
  i would like you to watch this . 
  muslims from bosnia and srebrenica didnt let serbian women and children free . 
  to summ it up , even tough its a crime , it had to be done . 
  dont trust this kind of bullshit since sadam 's womd . 
  cause its better to have 1 wealthy family to rule a nation for generations than to bring money grabbing different cunts every 4 years . 
  warmongering is the word . 
  and that camera footage means nothing not because assad didnt use barrel bombs but because we , yet again , need to trust west mainstream media and organisations working on same agenda like in sadams case , that asad targers were intentionalu civilian ones . 
  syria won , russia won , iran won , happy pipeline day for them , move on . 
  that and putin kinda is a rockstar of politics . 
  sounds like you didnt.you aint smarter if you just reaf news from sources that serve you what you want to hear . 
  nowadays you need to hear both sides of propaganda and find 3 somewhat neutral news sources from uninvolved country , read them all and make conclusion based on that . 
  that catchfrase is gone . 
  new one is :, 
  tbh with the ammouny of global warming spam , im starting to believe that some deep pocket people invested hellofalot of money in green energy production manufacturing and cant wait for people to drop using oil . 
  we are going into new kind of monopoly . 
  why not in cyrilic western serb ? 
  dont hate nation who forced exiled you to better life in west . 
  reminded me of bioshock infinite for some reason, 
  implying that production of green energy colectors is actually clean . 
  ammount of pollution needed to provide materials for solar panels  digging coal and burning it . 
  are you having reading disability ? 
  we are talking about production pollution of green energy generators , not energy generation itself . 
  you need to specify to what extent we can go on green energy manufactoring cycle , cause it will be always far bigger output of pollution to manufacture it than its proposed pollution free generating lifespan . 
  titles are n't even clickbaity as before . 
  this is pure fearmongering . 
  to be honest , i enjoy this.i rooted for trump even tough im not us citizen and the media backslash is pretty amusing to watch now . 
  cause they have no impact whatsoever for atleast next 8 years .
