  welcome to r/dota2 , bitching for miniscule shit that will affect your newbplay by fuck 0 nothing . 
  on side note , terrain is absolutely 100 % fantastic while people whine about 1 % of map that will be fixed for sure when 1 single pro player say `` thats kinda bullshit '' . 
  i didnt see that talk anywhere . 
  only thing i `` could potentialy probably '' whine about is absence of crisp respawn cue . 
  on the other hand , best ti soundtrack so far . 
  music is sick , terrain is sick , announcer is sick , they really throwing quality at us this year . 
  you have pixelvirus . 
  format c :, 
  its volvo way of saying they dont like hoarders that overload couriers . 
  yap pretty sick , u have it uploaded on youtube . 
  lets see how that plays out . 
  pederi su povlascena grupa . 
  cigani nemaju paradu tough . 
  trying enigma now , will post after . 
  edit :4 man lvl 3 blackhole ez pz 20 points . 
  `` its absolutely same as any other 1080 card , you pay 100 bucks more for first batch of the product and you get it before most of people , you do n't have to wait for it become available everywhere for 100 bucks basicaly '', 
  was that fucking hard ? 
  proudly presented to me by daily quest from volvo . 
  disclaimer : was really good enigma game blink , bots , radiance , refresher , aghs and bkb , although i was done with quest far before all those items . 
  done it on enigma , first good blackhole ,20 / 20 . 
  how is od hiting 20 instances od 100 magic dmg in 5 seconds again ? 
  enigma with 4 man lvl 3 bh , or enigma with lvl 3 bh 4 lvl malefice and 3 people ( 2 if beefy ) does it . 
  one would think that volvo have stats on monthly basis that show how many trees are chopped down and made logical decision to make a challenge based on those numbers . 
  then logically , when you find that average number , some guy at valve need to retype that number in client and battle pass . 
  bruno works at valve . 
  it was lvl 3 for sure ill have to look replay if it was before aghs , i had aghs but that 's like kinda same like throwing malifice manually .4 heroes when i saw i got it . 
  if you jump between 5 heroes and passive counts and nuke them with x2 ult x2 pasive then yes . 
  i like you . 
   literally every battle pass has had a different structure . 
  there were literally 2 battle pass events . 
  nato is voluntary ? 
  handfull of mobster politicians sign well paid treaty without asking for public opinion is now voluntary ? 
  people from bigger countries dont really understand how much of arm twisting both nato and eu do to smaller countries . 
  ita only serbian.rest are dialects . 
  modern day brainwashing ... 
  butthurt about montenegro?its basicly smaller than crimea peninsula ... 
  i know what he said but i also know why i said it . 
  compendiums didnt have gamebreaking questlines that from transform your average newb to complete morphling running with only brown boots and eaglesong at minute 25 . 
  compendium was a cute little book , battle pass is hatwhoring abomination . 
  compendiums were better . 
   `` sorry , we made a mistake ! '', 
  the biggest nono in capitalism . 
  dae you playing wrong game . 
  its not like same people from everyday life comment there . 
  how is tv station legitimate target again ? 
  no , hitting 100 % civilian targets for sole purpose of hitting them is war crime . 
  but then again , we are talking about alliance that hit chinese embassy in belgrade . 
  edit : find me declaration of war for nato 1999 intevention and then talk about war.till then it was terrorist attack on sovereign country . 
  i like butthurts on reddit . 
  edit : reporting you for smurfing.i know exactly who you are . 
  i like how biggoted reddit is and easily manipulated by mainstream media . 
  no wonder putin is wrecking havok atm . 
  what has srebrenica to do with this again ? 
  depends what happens with republika srpska . 
  im glad we have nukes to settle this kind of reasoning . 
   communications are always legitimate targets during warfare ,, 
  u understand that during that nato intervention , there wasnt any declaration of war to begin with . 
  following that logic nato is a terrorist organization that can use force wherver they want , apart from russia from obvisous reasons and get away with it.and there will be biggots who claim thats ok cause they are not on the wrong side of stick . 
  so , this is your logic.im kinda shocked . 
  tv station is target , not because its civil building , but because its doing something for the war effort . 
  hospitals do the same.they literally heal soldiers that are active participants in combat and are involed in war far more from whatever objective or not propaganda that particular tv station spreads . 
  1 is war crime , other is aok . 
  you should n't really comment if you do n't know what to say tbh . 
  well , it would n't be the first time eu/nato opposing that fact . 
  man , im not the one here defending bombings of civilian targets ... 
  you are not biased sob at all.serb fucked your wife or something ? 
  and here is the real account . 
  why not post from it from start ? 
  apart from shock music , this video only higlighted `` scorpions '' paramilitary group and execution of about 10 man in that case , and they were prosecuted here in serbia long ago . 
  i dont see your point . 
  like , what genocide?did un said there was a genocide ? 
  this sub is pronato and shit . 
  what the actual fuck man ? 
  you joke , but how would nato get tax free cigarettes without montenegro ? 
  well , when nato is this desperate you know that bear is getting strong . 
  f35 in montenegro is brand of tax free cigarettes . 
  i actually do , cause this is tripling the nono for vacation there . 
  you debunked everything i said with that post . 
  when i saw your post i started to really envy you intellectual capacity , i would really really want to swap mine brain for your , so i can live the life with joy of brainless human being . 
  canada dont have that much of a history , its kinda butthurt thing that some people do when they talk about countries with alot of history.dont really understand . 
  i read it before , and i dont see un resolution about that genocide at all . 
  you do know how wiki works right ? 
   the un security council resolution was blocked by russia , but the international high court of justice upheld it as a genocide . 
  so , political court said its genocide , but overrulling body that made that court said its not , and its genocide now ? 
  about the issue , what kind of genocide intent is there when you set free every woman and child and execute only military capable man ? 
   not dissimilar from what isis is doing nowadays to the yezidis, 
  you can spin uninformed western sjw with this , but reallity is much much happier than isis . 
   it 's funny how you relate to a court as a political tool , but to the unsc as an overrulling body free from politics . 
  the unsc is basically the core of politics in the world . 
  well un was founded on global principals and signed by all countries in the world , and that court is made about adhock trials and doesnt have same authority and its disputed by even un members themselves . 
   it 's more like - a panel of experts deemed it a genocide ,, 
  yea right , experts that wont admit that number of victims escalated from starting 4k to almost 10k during 16 years of peace . 
  yea right , experts who yell genocide and never ever say that only man were killed and women children and elderly were escorted out of killing grounds . 
  yea , experts that represent the same countries that actually did war crimes in exyu region are not trying to cover their asses throwing giult over to serbia . 
   while the most political body in the entire world deemed it was n't based on a veto . 
  again , veto is there for a reason and this genocide shit is like pure example why veto right is good.nato could just alibi themselves from everything with a simple lie . 
  you are biggoted to the max . 
  when you lookat history , torture is the thing that was legitimate most of the time . 
  i asked simple question , that from modern point of view , does not stand at all and all you have to say about it is that i lost some credibility i didnt even need to state the obvious fallacy he started to spew here . 
  mhm , but doesnt that mean that if you are lets say , terrorist , and you want to blow up tv station , law is on yuor side just because you firmly believe that that particular news station is spewing propaganda againt whatever your cause is ?
