  we wouldn chat here if my countryman didnt left for us . 
  after this newbie tilt game ... 
  he aint bad , he is just so overrated, 
  hey , you working overtime ? 
  man , he is in every day9 thread , like me . 
  he praise , i bash, 
   it is racist to assume that because someone looks indian that then have to be tech support . 
  thats stereotyping not racism lol.you should maybe take a look at the mirror for inbreeding , you really type long posts but dont think them trough . 
  also i wont explain you third time why birthplace matters and to what people.you dont understand it cleary or hardcore try to justify yours or your families choices . 
   why does home country have to = place of birth ? 
  cause it is.fact . 
   ? uhh what ? 
  please try and explain that one my man because if you can , you have literally just revolutionized medical science history . 
  ( btw , you 're actually soo fucking wrong ) . 
  ok , once more but its same text , try now, 
   in overly mixed population like na is , sure , in rest of the world it pretty much does in huge % . 
   well either your british or spanish . 
  i 'm going to guess british , stronger sense of racism in that country . 
  which is really funny you know why ? 
  because you said this ;, 
  nope , even better . 
   you are aware that britain has an estimated 12 % foreign-born people living there where the us has 9 % . 
  not brit . 
  you cant slack while working that day9shift son , stick with it , no slacking . 
  you have nothing apart that parroting about spacebar to hide you shill for day9 fangirl, 
  you know exactly what i said fangirl, 
   racism ;, 
   the belief that all members of each race possess characteristics , abilities , or qualities specific to that race, 
  dont link buzzfeed if you have any selfrespect.that is sterotyping . 
  `` i hate filthy hindus '' would be racism , `` he looks like he works in it sector '' is stereotyping . 
   see this is the issue , you think because i do n't agree with you i have to be `` foreign born '' . 
  news flash . 
  my family goes back 7-8 generations in the country i am currently is . 
  you plan to move 100 % . you can lie to me but dont lie to yourself . 
   you do understand it was a joke right ? 
  home-country is n't a `` thing '' you are a citizen of a country or not which does not require you to be born there . 
  it is unless you move.its really simple i dont know why are you confused . 
   please understand something , being born in a country does n't define your traits , morals , world views etc etc. 
  rofl , north korea.man you rainbow this too much . 
   then i am confused my man , you either are british or spanish or you are putting too much weight onto your countries impact on the us being founded ( like french ) . 
   from europe , but not eu . 
  you have just the ammount of mental capacity to be day9 fangirl , ill give you that . 
  if you have a kid , that is kind of sad actually, 
   prejudice , discrimination , or antagonism directed against someone of a different race based on the belief that one 's own race is superior . 
  funny how you skipped original definition and used the one that suited your cause . 
   if by planning to move via buying my first house with my fiancee last year then ok ... stop dude . 
  you 're digging a deeper hole . 
  you can lie to me , but not yourself . 
   i 'm not confused , you lack the intellect to know what words are `` made up '' and do n't actually hold weight in an argument . 
  hell you even lack the ability to know what racism is haha . 
  talking about hole digging . 
   ahh ? 
  so i guess north korea has never had defectors ? 
  because 1 family is bat shit crazy that means every single person born there is kim-jong un ? 
  are you actually this stupid . . you ca n't seriously believe the shit you 're saying right now . 
  you said birthplace doesnt define you.consistency , interesting word . 
   sorry champ , your lack of history must be has faulty as your understanding of the english language & medical science . 
  my country sets world on fire champ.im not american to not have history . 
  thats what makes it soooo great . 
   funny how i used 1.1 instead of 1.0 in the definition of a word ? 
  do you genuinely believe that wins you the argument ? 
  both can be used , one was more appropriate in this line of argument ? 
  the fuck is wrong with you dude . 
  u understand the concept of original definition?both can be used if original is true , then expand it to next.again for a guy who is trying to play smart , start acting like it . 
   i 'm lying to myself about buying my first house ? 
  or wanting to move ? 
  you are literally trying to argue my state of mind because you lost an argument . 
  you 're pathetic . 
  you are triggered by something for sure . 
   elaborate or is that just the `` i know you are you said you are '' type argument ? 
  well you advised me to not dig a deeper hole , and then you burried yourself with excavating machinery.lemme demonstrate . 
   i 'm not confused , you lack the intellect to know what words are `` made up '' and do n't actually hold weight in an argument . 
  hell you even lack the ability to know what racism is haha . 
   talking about hole digging . 
  and here you are again here with :, 
   funny how i used 1.1 instead of 1.0 in the definition of a word ? 
  do you genuinely believe that wins you the argument ? 
  both can be used , one was more appropriate in this line of argument ? 
  the fuck is wrong with you dude . 
  if you dont understand how much your own leg shooting you do , i can find crayons somewhere to paint it for you . 
   it does n't . 
  the longitude and latitude of where you are born has zero impact on your mental ability . 
  talking about that hole again.and consistency and staying on point of argument without going offroad . 
   you 're ashamed to say it tho ? 
  are you scared to say where you were born ? 
  not very proud of your `` birth place '' are you . 
  ashamed of my own country?lol no.it doesnt add anything to this , so i dont have to . 
  no you are not . 
  for almost 6 months , wow , true dota veteran , founder and pillar of the community `` characters '' `` akka '' `` 3k '', 
  he is real shit tough at this panel, 
  i hate day9 , and fangirls , and shills . 
  thats about that . 
  why you go full retard here sonny?its ok , its just day9 is crap.happy cake day , explains why you hyper . 
  so does champion , you will pretty much justify all of day9 shit no matter what, 
  what efforts ? 
  what majority lol, 
  i saw nothing of that . 
  what happened that will attract people ? 
  crazy, 
  that will attract new people?ok lookslegit,
