  that are donkey worries _ gonzales _, 
  indian doctors  suicide bombers, 
  `` trust my word its ai '', 
  i dont buy it.looked like hardcoded just to be faster than human in 1v1 matchup.insane bot but more advanced for that particular matchup . 
  showcasing 5 `` ai '' vs 5 humans that would be really nice demonstration of it . 
  50 people in less than 24 hours , its not that great, 
  you were probably a good boy with washing the dishes and vacuuming and she got too much downtime . 
  turn on/off vsync . 
  if that doesnt help , and you dont live in ground floor , throw computer trough the window cause this is like the nit-pickiest shit i have ever heard . 
  being killed in germany doesnt mean you deserved a state in middle east . 
  offered is really loose term for this situation . 
  the fuck, 
  like ? 
  everyone contributes to both science and culture , jews are not exception.lets compare christian contribution to science and culture vs jewish.see ? 
  not sure what you mean by his statement tough , and what does that have to do with jews being killed in germany that was enough of a reason to colonize middle east . 
   they did , and got conquered . 
  so were jews . 
  but the difference is , after being mass murdered , one got country , others got casinos . 
   and then took it back . 
  no they were given land on table , conflict came after they were given that land . 
  i know it was smaller , and i know what was going on in that region for past 50 years even tough i have no connection with that region . 
   also , using the native americans is n't the greatest example , because the reserves are sort of independent . 
  its 1:1 comparison in every sense , apart the fact natives lost their homeland , got borderline exterminated apart from jewish people , and didnt get new independent native american state ruled by them when genocide settled . 
  that initial israeli `` here you go state '' was even at that time considered a foothold for things that are happening from there on out.the ammount of arms israel got was never intended for defence . 
  israel gone , peace in middle east.i understand your point that you would really not like that , but you and israel are core of all problems in that region . 
  are you ok man , that exactly what we were talking for months now . 
   the one who thinks she 's supposed to clean for you . 
  why would you get a girlfriend then, 
  too much price to pay for cleaning if you ask me, 
  man , ill just leave apatrment uncleaned then.but however you clean your house is your thing, 
  god fucking forbid , worst host in ti history . 
  so not planned and shit, 
  link wiki as any form of claim is auto dismiss from my side . 
  what was the scam ? 
  who is this guy again ? 
  how you think he want to ti ... 
   this also happens way back dota1 when kr also playing the game , even the sheer amount of practice or being mechanically good is not enough to dominate dota . 
  i used to climb sc2 ladder , got to masters at some point , and clearly remember when i wanted to chill abit , i close sc2 and play some dota . 
  its that much more mechanically forgiving and less taxing on brain and fingers . 
  56 is good i dont know what are you on to . 
  i dont advocate for that at all , like leave it as is , its just , clunky . 
  hello there uliana , how are you doing ? 
  everyday we stray further from god 's light, 
  f5 version of sc : remastered is free, 
  oh boy , they are removing nexus, 
  so chinese mole from teamliquid was right all along . 
  artifact will be released, 
  this is the such a bullshit proposition that i expect valve to implement it . 
  not really sure what to tell you for the hero with fastest attack animation apart from gitgud, 
  oh i will remind you all the time how brigade for day9 starts and ends in really suspicious timings . 
  third widow mine is for me, 
  that mine took attention , you saw liberator probes idleing . 
  fingers crossed for rx 56 under 450e in serbia, 
   some pros were actually complaining about even that minor of a change . 
  that is just being retarded . 
  just be cheaper than this crap goddamnit, 
  very nice way to exclude early buyers, 
  he and some people are stuck with early 2000 mentality . 
  game being difficult because of shitty ui does n't mean game is good and rewarding , it just means ui is complete shit . 
  its really simple :, 
  compare starcraft2 to starcraft : remastered . 
  the only thing that was good about remastered launch is to remind me how niiiiiice game sc2 is . 
  i feel a little better now, 
  i sure will , have fun with 12 units max . 
  i wont read that full of shit guy . 
  he is just that itsy little bit more intelligent than his viewers and knows how to present them his failed logic in a way that almost look plausible . 
  unless you are 30 + year old on your teenage road memory trip guy , or hipster kid who was bombarded with `` bw was gods work '' and thinks that really is not because he knows but because `` everyone says '' , bw is nothing special . 
  you dont balance the game around ui , it was great maybe then in 2000 , but in 2017 , sc : r is just a 1 more reason to stick with superior in every way sc2.the `` logic '' that you are both handicaped with unpredictability and crappyness of the bw game and that is like why it differs and is better , is absolutely transferable to that you are both enjoying great overview and smoothness of gameplay in sc2 . 
  i dont care about korea cult , i dont care what couple of bw veterans say about the game that in the end gives them viewers and money , and after i played both bw and remaster for a good 3 months after loooong time , i dont see anything that would make that slow , clunky , buggy ,4 k resolution ripoff superior to starcraft 2 with all of starcraft 2 flaws . 
  its not even that i am professionally invested in either , but hearing that bw is superior to sc2 in any shape or form apart nostalgia , is ludacris . 
  well i never do overclock for instance , but 56 is going to be both undervolted + overclocked . 
  because we know that this series are artificialy pumped with voltages to make every chip hit the shelves . 
  its a lottery still but you have 3 out of 4 chances to get decent number chip, 
  if not shill , then biased as fuck . 
  im starting to hate manchildren who are making their living on youtube . 
  dont get me wrong there are hardcore people out there , techoftommorow is kinda legend but jay reek green to me . 
   going as far as to suggest boycotting, 
  oh boy do i remember him boycoting nvidia for selling 3.5 gb cards as 4gb , atleast he is consistent, 
  in serbia , there is a lot of nvidia holding insane prices for insane ammount of time . 
  would snatch 56 if as expected cost less than 1070 that actually doesnt exist anymore on our market . 
  edit : 1070 is 550e cheapest one here http://www.eponuda.com/graficke-kartice/asus-geforce-gtx-1070-8gb-gtx1070-8g-graficka-kartica-cena-390989, 
  120 d = 1e, 
  `` frequently bought together '' explains everything, 
   boycotting redeon, 
  not just vega , like whole radeon lineup . 
  green cunt, 
  fingers crossed for under 500e here . 
  wth is going on ? 
  seriously ? 
  just fucking go and oversaturate market with it , this diamond logic bullshit has to go . 
  i dont like him cause i dont like him , there is no group hate here . 
  he really reeks green and blue to me . 
   im starting to hate manchildren who are making their living on youtube . 
  i can however dislike people on what ever basis i chose . 
  you did read my posts , you didnt explain his different stance on nvidia fuckupery that wasnt classified as `` i cant anymore reccomend any nvidia product '' while `` fuckupery '' that amd did was more on retailers than on radeon group . 
  its no like they sold 8gb rx 64 with 7gb available . 
  i bet this is more of the retails ordering piss small quantities than lack of availability of cards . 
  the fact that they are released today , doesnt mean they are being made today . 
   this diamond logic bullshit has to go . 
  they are just reaking profits like this , they know what demand is , and they give it out on half teaspoon chunks .
