   here is a spoiler for people : intelligent and sane people do n't care about nations . 
  i need to add something.you are not sane by default either with not caring about nations . 
   brexit is off to a great start . 
  oh boy , if you just keep calm and continue with without falling to scare tactics from other markets/countries/imf you are in better position than before . 
  you implied something , its pretty obvious , and somewhat malicious while expressing superiority of your view.and it backfired . 
  you can still get out of it by making some witty remarks about your user name . 
  man , u are either same guy or buddies.cause there is no way there is 2 people this delusional, 
  you dont have good reading comprehension do you ? 
  you new to politics ? 
  you missed the form completely , when you make that question in form your buddy asked , sure.and answer is the same . 
   the younger generation want to stay in wheras the older generation wants to leave , so people are annoyed that the older generation possibly fucked over the younger ones . 
  mhm , can you give me link to stats what number of youth voted compared to seniors ? 
  i responded to that guy , and you asked complete nonsense.i feel like you are just trolling here now . 
  no wonder west is failing , wow all you want.tender kids and their inability to comprehend complete bullshit they defend . 
  intelligent and sane people are for nationalism . 
  piss off . 
  you are some kind of sect for sure . 
  classic reddit pitchfork badnwagoning in comments . 
   and technically it never has to because the referendum was not binding . 
  yea , i would like to see that happen , that nonbinding part , without making atleast new referendum . 
  man , im sure you are plain lunatic.i just respond to see how far will you go . 
  my statement stands . 
  he looks like handicapped spider . 
   investor, 
  i do n't know how this slipped instead of `` pure fucking evil '', 
  did you watch that show on brexit , it was disgusting . 
  it was biased for stay like trump bias for the walls . 
  oh its satire alright , but again its so on point with stay mentality . 
  non uk people can sign it , and they can sign more than once . 
  why would anyone take this petition seriously . 
   he 's definitely not among friends . 
  he kinda is cause if putin was anything that reddit makes him to be , edward would be in a lot of trouble . 
  pawn phase of his usability is long gone . 
  i would argue that russia is promoting free speech and freedom of opinion in this article . 
  whole brexit thing went from epic to pathetic real fast . 
  let it sink in . 
  i 'm not uk citizen , i just say that from neutral bystander point of view . 
  im shocked by uk mentality . 
  colonial superpower ,2 time world saving force in past hundred years , to whimps who cant stand some recession and for their own good in the long run . 
  `` democracy '', 
  what the point of referendum on union scale then ? 
  [ insert bad thing in your personal view ] = blame putin . 
  yea , i was harsh with ignoring more than half of population but still , the outcry of stay voters is making me sick . 
  dear casuals of venezuela , stop bitching . 
  sincerely ,, 
  [ former yugoslav citizen ] ( http://www.rogershermansociety.org/yugoslavia.htm ), 
  `` whats the point then ?! '', 
  - stay voters on understanding democracy . 
  i 'm not brit . 
  like every campaign everywhere everytime.i dont see the problem there . 
  its called oppression . 
  you have naive understanding of how dirty politics really is . 
  i was more referring to outcome of it and past 2 days . 
  its kinda nice leverage against turkey and their actions nowadays.nothing more , nothing less . 
  apart from that , calling it genocide , ignoring it or like some sickfucks from turkey , approving it , its useless . 
  fact will remain that armenians got mass killed/fell victim to genocide and naming it this way or another does n't mean anything if real lesson of never letting that happen again is n't learned . 
  look history past that . 
   so i should just surrender to it and not get pissed and want change ? 
  you kinda got change , you mean you want to get back to old ways ? 
   that 'd make me part of the problem . 
  i 'll never stop bring pissed at policy being made by principle rather than evidence and if me being pissed at changes even 1 persons perspective then happy days . 
  this is interesting.i will go on a limp here and say you are not older than 30 years old and everything i say will be in that context , ok ? 
  you are being pissed at policy that is voted enmasse by older generation than you.the actual generation who have the sheer life experience to remember what life was like before eu adventure . 
  from that , im quite sure that you , meaning younger generations , are in fact voting based on principle of not knowing anything apart from uk in eu , and that you are beaten in voting by people who based their votes on actual life experience . 
  man , you really need to understand the basic principle of voting . 
  you sometime lose . 
  a doing kneejerk reactions to this is bad for one fact alone :, 
  uk existed before eu . 
  edit :, 
   life experience ? 
  anyone with political memory of pre europe britain is late 50s onwards . 
  that demographic alone has not been the decider . 
  kinda was , add to that youths way of being twitter vocal about stay and failing to move their butts to polls and here we are . 
  its not about 2/3 its about actually going out to polls . 
  so , when majority says something it doesnt matter ? 
  brexit will come and go , but the fact that half of brits are for totalitarian regime will remain . 
  its not that hard to guess tbh , the half that ignores majority . 
  its not that hard to guess tbh , the half that ignores majority . 
  you talking about stay whinning ? 
   it 's also funny that farage said a while ago if it was something like 52 % - 48 % to remain then it would be unfinished business and they should have another vote . 
  i dont understand how you cant see the difference . 
  if leave came close to 50 % that would still mean that leave option is growing , hence stay option is getting weaker and for sure there would be enough space to hold another referendum . 
  old everyday stuff is losing ground , there is no logical reason to hold another voting , especially after this much fearmongering and nothing changed so far . 
  always last place is n't really a achievement . 
  i refuse to believe that great scottish nation is consisted of console peasants . 
  tnx buddy , now i need to comfort my laptop whole day . 
  lets troll valve again with millions of moneys . 
  man that 4200ti card was the beast . 
  it was actuall quadro card that was sold as mainstream card . 
  the quadro series that went into 4200ti model were top of the current gpus at the time well above 1000 $ range , beating even 4800ti if you got lucky and got not heavy missmanufactured model . 
  imagine getting 1080 for the 390 price just cause some shaders/core were not working/bugged a little . 
  it was that good.and only thing you need to do is to flash cards bios . 
  top end quadros of the day were excelent in games . 
  ahm , you are halving max fps possible and introducing motion blur . 
  what is more taxing ,60 fps or 30fps with mb ? 
  risky click of the day . 
  listen , referendums have bigger impact than voting for government , cause referendums are yes or no , and not lets talk this now , then calculate with whom we can align after elections and do whatever the f we want till end of our term/people get pissed enough . 
  there is no gray area in brexit , its black or white and its binding to anyone , leave or stay politician , see cameron if you think otherwise . 
  they just need to correct their language to proper english and sure , they can be . 
  armor , not armour .
