  why stop there , make it happen detroit . 
  nah , greece is the most logical place to hold summer olimpics and canada/russia should switch on winter ones . 
  man , this sub is getting really sensitive, 
  even if what u just said there is right , while its not , do explain me how france banned burkinis ? 
  nonono , read again , if someone wanted to walk naked in city centre , would he be arested ? 
  also there are places where you dont have to follow iran dress codes , like you mention , nudists beaches if you will , and they are all over outside of iran, 
  same principle of indecent clothing is in iran . 
  you cant decide where wilk nudist beaches be in foreign countries , its kinda simple souvergnity stuff . 
  gledam ga malopre n tv-u . 
  you understand that most bitching about hijab comes from west and not actuall iranian women ? 
  they had islamic revolution not that far back , and women still alive remember and can compare 2 periods and still we dont see then crying en masse about . 
  west cant manage cultural difference is only thing thats makes problems, 
  it happened in 1970s, 
   s tim me smaraju , a ne sa udajom , come on , nisu oni nerealni ... 
   the people on the sub care more about memes posted here , as evidenced by the top posts of all time being all memes . 
  2 ones with stonebird, 
  its `` we have 0 proof '' classified, 
  you can , like , move out ? 
  oh boy , you are yet to hear what uk , us and to some extent france , did to world stability, 
  check my history , it starts with `` read title ... '', 
  i can help you with that if you are interested , it was my post, 
  i dont like different cultures being reshaped by other cultures . 
  if you dont like situation in iran , and would like iran to be more like west , why not move to the west , apart from some emotion things . 
  but also , not everyone want the change , right ? 
  yea , death penalties , torture , oppression if women , radical islam is the thing nobody likes about saudi.ar . . pardon iran , but u see the difference with my mistake ? 
  one is steady oil suplier/client and is kept under rug while your country should do some gadafiland peacefull revolution towarda democracy and western values, 
  you missunderstood gadafiland ( libya ) revolution and its effects as something good.far , far.from good . 
  i would give evidence i have , but they are classified . 
  cause what is called corruption in the rest of the world and is illegal , in us is called lobbying and its legal . 
  just that is enough to understand that everything can be bought . 
  but no evidence of it , cause you know , ( classified ), 
  well , from top of my head , this tell american public that russia is harming us every way possible and while not being the only reason , it justifies enormus military budget and arms industry . 
  top of my head, 
  its not inconcievable at all , but also its not inconceivable that white house is , well , lying . 
  i dont like to mention this , hihih i lie , but do you remeber the sadams weapons of mass destruction ? 
  like from that point , everything said should be not double , not triple , but 100 times checked, 
  ja imam alternativu , 
  you think you werent like that allready ? 
  njje ista rusija 1991-1995 i rusija sad . 
  jbg , sad moram da menjam ringtone ... 
  you made worse comment then me by badly quoting my comment , didnt said that at all . 
  basicaly this, 
  ( crickets.mp3 ), 
  not giving anything to dispute him however , makes his point still valid . 
  what does saudi arabia have to do with this ? 
  ] ( http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/620/912/67c.jpg ), 
   influencing foreign elections, 
  excuse me good sir , but i do believe you are in confusion there . 
  that was borderline undetectable sarcasm right there . 
  like libya was ? 
  1973 what ? 
  `` noam chomsky has argued that the western military intervention into libya was a clear breach of unscr 1973 since it nullified the attempts for a ceasefire that were put forward by the resolution and welcomed by gaddafi . 
  as he puts it , `` nato powers ( france and britain in the lead and the united states following ) violated the resolution , radically , and became the air force of the rebels . 
  nothing in the resolution justified that . 
  it did call for `` all necessary steps '' to protect civilians , but there 's a big difference between protecting civilians and being the air force for the rebels . '', 
  if you ca n't read the act yourself , let chomsky sums it up from you , and its in your link.classic nato douchebaggery and probably last time russia let that kind of shit happen . 
  hillary do n't hate gays , she married one . 
  what are we talking about here man ? 
   chomsky isnt a credible source on anything . 
  he is extremely biased . 
  biased opinion but is he wrong ? 
   gaddafi was the leading his army towards the rebel stronghold , announcing that he would massacre them and anyone who supported them . 
  you should really read outloud what you said here . 
  gadaffi , the legitimate leader of libya , is leading `` his '' army , like its some mercenary fucking army and not country armed forces , towards the ** rebel ** stronghold . 
  you are missing chomsky point here , and the reason why gaddafi was in approval of that resolution . 
  establishing the no-fly zone , as signed there , didnt ever mention the same planes that enforced that no fly zone to be used be either side . 
  so you had the `` now we fly but you cant '' zone that just bombed the shit out of libya and voila , now they are reduced to shit country pumped out of oil . 
  that dead dictator was peacefuckingkeeping angel of friendship compare to some western countries . 
  its not about personal prefference , but why do you think putin 's russia is more fascist than obama 's us ? 
  cause i would really like to hear , like one example of how is fascism present in russia without confusing fascism with rejection of far left libertarian mantras ? 
  you are not the guy i talked with , i see obvious decline in quality of response , so ill just skip this . 
   this is such russian propaganda nonsense it 's hilarious . 
  assad is also apparently the `` legitimate leader '' ... lol, 
  actually this is us propaganda.it 's like you skipped class where the `` sovereign country '' was lectured . 
   i 'll give you a hint . 
  there is no such thing as `` a legitimate leader '' , unless he was elected democratically in a western style liberal democracy . 
  you are going to have rough time when you realize that us are not center that will pull fallacy like that without resistance from rising countries . 
  nobody gives a damn about your rigged from day one elections , but people do mind when the most freakish style of democracy tries to lecture around historically and culturally much more bigger countries . 
   gaddafi was going to massacre civilians , by his own admission . 
  when will us pay for iraqi , afghan , libyan and syrian civilians , just to name a few ? 
  and who the fuck told you us is the police that will stop that crime ? 
  try that crap on your wife or kids , you dont understand how much fuck i dont give about your opinions . 
  gay propaganda site claiming russia is `` wants to expand anti gay law '' without nothing but speculation . 
  404 error . 
  completely anti russian biased article without any serious claim with foundation in reality . 
  you know whats in common with this 3 links you gave me?they are all shitty nonimportant tabloids . 
  but , to conclude our discussion here with one simple question without links . 
  is snowden a traitor ? 
   what matters is that a country is governed through the will of the people , which requires free speech and democratic elections . 
  no it doesnt , and you dont understand how world works appart your country and that the problem with your pushing us `` values '' as something that will work everywhere and anytime.no it wont . 
   why should the us pay for anything ? 
  qaddafi was deposed by his own people . 
  this is n't required in the us , since it 's a democracy . 
  hillary voter , right ? 
  its not an offence , its just hard for me to comprehend this much of under a rock statements . 
  i 'm reading and rereading what you said and i have complete insight why your school system is top prio for both of candidates . 
  even worse , like you are the sympathiser of that bullshit , how can you go this delusional is beyond logic, 
   no one cares what people `` mind '' or not . 
  what matters is that a country is governed through the will of the people , which requires free speech and democratic elections . 
  there is no other way to determine legitimacy .
