  it was . 
   give icefrog and valve some time . 
  they 're clearly working on fixing the ui , and i 'd be shocked if there are n't balance tweaks on the way . 
  they , actually only ice were working on it for 10 years to be in the place where we were week ago . 
  now all of that is thrown out of the window.you are fucking delusional if you expect anything close to word `` balanced '' in next couple of years . 
  cancer is new guys . 
  they have alternatives.cancer started development now , with 7.00 . 
  everything was fine and good before 7.00, 
  you cant write then . 
  you are just plain retard son . 
  you had lol to play , but you had to swap cause rito this and that.fuck you . 
  retard trolling like you provide here is the cancer that will ultimatively destroy this game . 
  20 post karma trolls with older reddit accounts than steam accounts and their `` opinions '', 
  you allready play lol on steam, 
  ayy lmao cunts like you on reddit are reason we got 7.00, 
  well they denounce liberals , so its a 1 step closer to sanity . 
   the same standards you applied to aiding a foreign government 's attack on free and fair elections ? 
  26 replies 12 retweets 163 likes, 
  holy shit , they are that retarded . 
  you are lol cunt with steam account younger than reddit one . 
  piss off cunt, 
   a snowdown snowtale | snowdown 2016 skins trailer - league of legends by idramos in leagueoflegends, 
  [ -- ] billythecrazedgoat 4 points 2 days ago, 
  fuck valve and fuck icefrog , show what you mean with money . 
  6.88 custom is in the making , next week is release date, 
  next 5 years of tinkering to be on same page like week ago , great shit . 
  who the fuck asked you anything , live in the now, 
  fuck him , this money grabbing tactic happened once and he got fame over it . 
  he did same shit now . 
  wtf are you on about . 
  i want to play , lobby even 6.88 but how ? 
  i dont give a fuck what happens with 7.00 + i just want way to play old dota . 
  they just want you to get used to league way of playing . 
  fuck them in their stupid asses, 
  till then i have to whine . 
  fake moneygrabbing cunt.simples , no room for him in league , he came here . 
  no brainer really . 
  cunt grande, 
  no money in hearthstone man, 
  just a guy who wants to make money out of gaming communities . 
  look at bandwagoning dipshits in this thread . 
  holy shit . 
  ask , not demand . 
  pentagon fucked up something there . 
  not the guy that chugged 2 liters of coke, 
  saudi arabia and qatar have top notch taste . 
   international waters . 
  listen , we are living in times where you need to check everything . 
  there was too many instances of west claims and reports what went completely south when faced whit facts . 
  to the extent , that i will trust china decission till i get overwhelming evidince of china wrongdoing . 
  same thing i told you in previous comment . 
  btw did u just use `` whataboutism '' ? 
  thats `` whataboutism '' and your claim that china was actually wrong in that claim you mentioned isnt debunked , cause , again , you dont provide any proof of that . 
  you are not arguing the point for 2 consecutive posts allrdy . 
  why should i trust your narative that china was wrong in their claim about international waters ? 
  cause you are trying to justify current event based on the fact that u are right on previous event that leads to this one , without any proof whatsoever , but with empty claim . 
   international community, 
  meaning us and their puppets right ? 
  u see why i told you in my first response , why ill trust anyone who is attacked by `` international commumity '' until that community provides metric shitton of pure unrefined evidence of wrongdoing . 
  and `` we have reason to believe '' and `` they dont follow decissions we unilateraly made '' are not proofs . 
  what happened in syria 3 days ago while you mention `` lost '' ? 
  did some false accusations fell apart ? 
  i dont blame them for trying to fabricate another srebrenica level bullshit.there is nothing else they can do . 
  is it wrong to ask about ethnicity of those children ? 
  its not about having nothing to hide , its like we saw how your `` observers '' did false reports/borderline criminal missinformation in balkans and lets not let you do it again . 
   astronomers have found another star that 's mysteriously dimming, 
  lets name it kanye, 
  this sub will be dota undoing . 
  dont talk about anything that works on this sub , see what happened to 6.89, 
  6.89 in arcade.i betatested enough . 
  no offence man , but i hope you are fired, 
  explains alot . 
  i dont know man.it kinda is bad.really bad . 
  compare 6.89 and this bullshit.we are like 1000 bugfixes and 100 balance patches behind the stuff we had just a week ago . 
  this aint progress . 
  if they do n't react and help you , you can go nuclear on their asses . 
  make 6.89 custom . 
  harambe fucked up everything, 
  i have genuine hope that gabe will disable reddit im valve offices . 
  u understand you did that when told for 11 years my son . 
  get bent back to lol, 
  im not the one sporting lol mechanics here champ, 
  i whining about playable version of the game we are forced not to play champ, 
   whataboutism was a method of propaganda in the soviet union . 
  nowadays is apologetic dismiss phrase from americans and israelis when they see fit.cancer sub of r/europe is filled with it also, 
  everywhere man, 
  who the fuck asked you anything troll ? 
  stick your opinion in eternal shade place, 
  its foreign organised terror act.more likely by countries who were screwed in syria than erdogan . 
  nothing creepy or strange about it . 
  later doesnt really exist since failed coup tough . 
  i think its us , more likely than any other butthurt country involved in syria . 
  i got same chances on us funding terrorists , and look at situation now . 
  and btw , expect more acts like the one we saw today , cause money those pipelines can make is to kill for . 
  lem me guess , you have privatised telecommunications ? 
  some parts of country vital resources ( energy/electricity/telecommunications / public transport/waterworks ) should be managed by government and be borderline profitable for good of everyone . 
  capitalism is good , but never in those cases . 
  tbh if he is prosecuted for 3 kills , what happens to obama with syria ? 
  yap , its even more sinister to be completely honest here . 
  if sane person could pick million of people killed under his command and 3 person executed by him himself , there is no thinking about it .
