is it about polish restlessness ? 
  poland is open ? 
  after polandball, 
  `` one persons freedom ends where another persons freedom begins '' alexis de tocqueville, 
  no , we only send engineers and doctors . 
  that 's very intolerant way of thinking . 
  polandball please , 
  i thought you were attacking me . 
  have a nice day . 
  21st century : some people still believe in nazi propaganda about polish cavalry charge against tanks, 
  illegal blue collars are n't only from poland . 
  what kind of mafia methods ? 
  not bike but car thieves . 
  if you want to be intolerant then at least be consistent . 
  i wonder what is the origin of polish stereotype ? 
  can you develop backwards ? 
  just deal with the things that your country did in the past . 
  even divine intervention wo n't help them if they are reckless drivers . 
  apparently only the soviet occupation made them lag behind the western europe . 
  max votes from poland . 
  we also pronounce ` w ' like ` v ' and ' \u0142 ' like ` w ' in ` would ' . 
  haha . 
  how dare you ? 
  for us you will always be czechy , 
  fortunately they ceased to exist . 
  why ? 
  radicalism is the opposite of common sense . 
  fighting radicalism with other radicalism results in more destruction that could be avoided . 
  ekhm ... 988 ... vladimir i. . . christianisation of rus ... 
  unfortunately some people think that it 's the christianity that oppose islamic radicalism , not the common sense . 
  personally i prefer good old paganism to imported christianity . 
  for perun !, 
  uuuu !, 
  you called me a kid . 
  you 're so mature . 
  teach me , oh great one !, 
  who are you and why are you writing on ama_deo 's account ? 
  do n't you know he 's working right now ? 
  and of course you are one of those intelligent poles :d anyone else shares your opinion ? 
  i agree . 
  abortion ban is just a way to draw people 's attention from issues like constitutional tribunal . 
  they wo n't do anything about current abortion law . 
  it 's a shame that hate speech law does n't work when white people are being offended . 
  that 's what she said, 
  our polar bears will eat them . 
  let me translate that for you : 1 . 
  i do n't have time = i 'm too badly organized . 
  i do n't have money = i prefer to buy beer, 
  the problem of english lessons in polish schools is that many teachers create a pressure on students to speak perfectly . 
  this results in many people having difficulties in partaking in everyday conversations . 
  they are afraid to make mistakes . 
  because only specialists deserve a normal life . 
  the rest is pleb . 
  but you 're saying that it should n't , so yeah ... 
  and you should be forced to raise children with genetic disorders . 
  edit : grammar, 
  just what i thought , 
  and what is the average ? 
  are you a troll ? 
  yes , we prefer to watch films about picking up girls , 
  actually they do , 
  i do n't think that they identify themselves as bulgarians . 
  well , terrorizing society was n't their goal . 
  rather they found a unique way to raise public awareness regarding the refugee crisis . 
  pis has always been a puppet of the usa . 
  previous ruling party has always been a puppet of germany . 
  well , they have to distract people somehow from the refugee crisis . 
  well , he said it 's bullshit ... 
  i think you convinced him . 
  at least it exists in it 's own , 
  poles who migrate to the uk are n't rich either . 
  how to make europeans feel more european ? 
  maybe stop accepting large groups of people from completely different culture and which people resist to adapt ? 
  it would be too expensive for the goverment i believe . 
  they want to spend as little money and get as many voters as possible . 
  but where should be the line put ? 
  at what level of income and assets ? 
  firstly , none of franc borrowers should be helped . 
  they knew the risk . 
  secondly , how to define a rich person ? 
  yeah . 
  i know about rapes commited by so called `` refugees '' only because someone told that 90 % of them are unpleasant . 
  not that these incidents hit the headlines very often . 
  nope . 
  i have read the translation of the interview . 
   but if i am honest , working with 90 per cent of them is rather unpleasant and unfortunately not how i had thought about it before . 
   some of the refugees behave horrendously to us women . 
  of course it 's well known that they are above all single men who come to us , 65 or maybe even 70 per cent , i would personally estimate . 
  they are all still young , only around 20 , at the most 25 years old . 
  if you are comfortable with daily rapes and assaults then i have nothing to say . 
  cats in moldova confirmed . 
  germany made polish people wait 7 years from polish eu accession for work permission . 
  now it happily invites uncivilised racist fanatics to the country . 
  good luck , germany . 
  you will need it . 
  how do you expect to operate / overhaul a russian helicopter when russia has monopoly on parts and it suddenly decides to attack you ? 
  and that 's why russia sells parts for mi-24 to foreign countries ? 
  poland has russian helicopters simply because it could n't afford new . 
  some time ago there was a tender to replace multirole helicopters and russia was n't taken into consideration . 
  it 's mi-17 , to be exact .
