   that just means that the suspects were a representative sample of the population . 
  if you truly believe that , i have a very nice [ bridge ] ( http://www.arup.com/~/media/images/projects/o/oresund_link/gallery/images/oresund_900x600.ashx ) to sell you . 
  the reports say it was calmer than usual , but there were 35000 people on senate square in helsinki on nye . 
  that would just replace historical collective guilt with a new sense of guilt for failing to integrate the migrants . 
  i do n't know about denmark , but african and middle-eastern immigrants in finland are 12-13 times more likely to be convicted of rape than finns even after controlling for demography and socioeconomic factors . 
  [ source in finnish ] ( http://www.iltalehti.fi/uutiset/2015031319350781_uu.shtml ) ( they 're citing a criminology researcher from uni . 
  they 're talking about [ asematunneli ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/asematunneli ), 
   do n't forget people screaming it was the refugees , while it 's gangs of second generation immigrants some not even from germany has it been confirmed that they all were ? 
  a group of men at an asylum accommodation in finland was arrested just before new year 's eve for planning/inciting similar harassment . 
  so in swedish tabloid-speak , this would be `` nakenchock i putinkylan '' ? 
  as long as you do n't have heart problems and do n't stay long enough to freeze any bits off , it 's pretty harmless . 
  a brief cold shock , like a dip in icy water , is thought to improve blood circulation and mood . 
   lots of land , no natives . 
  lots of ice , anyway . 
  as for natives , [ too early to tell ... ] ( http://www.jpl.nasa.gov/missions/europa-mission/ )  the europa mission will conduct detailed reconnaissance of jupiter 's moon europa and investigate whether the icy moon could harbor conditions suitable for life . 
  many countries already have free language lessons for refugees but still have the same problems with integration . 
  as for jobs , we have n't even managed to fix unemployment for native citizens despite spending lots of money . 
  that 's only the refugees resettled straight from un camps ; over 32000 asylum seekers arrived in 2015 in addition to them . 
   that would mean , after deportations , a growth of 0.1 % . 
  that 's assuming successful deportations and no family reunification . 
  one asylum seeker currently roughly corresponds to at least one ( legal ) immigrant . 
   they 'll all end up in denmark . 
  it 's not like the flow is a constant . 
  without the pull factor of sweden 's open borders , you should be seeing a drop-off soon . 
   sweden spends 35 billion sek on refugees this year only on initial reception , those are not the total costs of immigration . 
   as a non-expert it seems hard to get the big picture on slavery . 
  if you can read swedish , dick harrison 's books about slavery are a pretty good historical overview . 
  i do n't know if they 've been translated to other languages . 
  it 's also been loaned to finnish as an informal term ( rosvo = robber , thief ), 
   you always hear in finland about gay russians coming here and claiming asylum . 
  they get sent back pretty quick . 
  not true , at least [ some of them have been granted asylum . 
  ] ( http://attitude.co.uk/russian-gay-couple-granted-asylum-in-finland/ ) ( not undeservedly , but i guess people are worried about the precedent it might set for further asylum claims from russia . ), 
  oyster mushrooms normally grow on wood , probably some wooden parts or cardboard in the bus floor ? 
  a gripen in every ~ ~ garage ~ ~ hangar !, 
   huh ? 
  in finland it 's 3-6 months and that 's considered problematic . 
  that 's for asylum * seekers * . 
  imo , it should n't be seen as problematic to have some employment restrictions in place for people who have n't even been granted residency yet . 
   considering over 80 % of migrants have no official documents ( at least in germany ) that 'd pretty much close the borders . 
  they can still ask for asylum , they just ( at least in theory ) ca n't enter the country uncontrolled . 
   on a side note , it 's always absurd to see the numbers other countries deal with . 
  150.000 all year . 
  why is it absurd ( assuming you mean it 's absurdly low ) ? 
  it 's still more per capita than germany received this year . 
   heh , mandatory picture of refugee woman with a child surrounded by evil hungarians . 
  is n't that the same woman and baby who were [ pulled on the train tracks ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/hungary/11841913/syrian-refugee-throws-wife-and-baby-on-to-train-tracks-in-protest-to-migrant-camps.html ) by the husband in protest of not being allowed to continue to western europe ? 
  finland , 2168 calories ? 
  that 's barely enough to cover the christmas tarts and gingerbread . 
  it 's not that traditional finnish christmas dishes are especially rich , but the point is to eat massive amounts of them . 
  it 's not just the uk , around 30 countries are involved in unhcr 's refugee resettlement program ( some more involved than others ) . 
  but if we 're comparing success at integrating , we should be comparing the integration of similar groups . 
  us is much more selective about taking in those groups of muslim immigrants that europe tends to have trouble integrating , and when they do , [ the same kinds of problems emerge ] ( http://www.psmag.com/books-and-culture/what-makes-somalis-so-different-26347 ) :  the somalis who settled in minneapolis and other selected corners of the u.s. were war refugees , with little money and not many job skills . 
  a recent u.s. census study said somali immigrants , statistically , were among the `` youngest and poorest '' newcomers to the u.s. , with 82 percent of the community in minneapolis living below the poverty line . 
  somalis have followed , in other words , the pattern of muslim immigrants to europe . 
  the slavic lands around crimea were probably affected the most , but eastern european slave trade extended even further than the crimean raids : http://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2014/04/140415084148.htm  the routes of slave trade in eastern europe in the medieval and pre-modern period extended all the way to the caspian sea and central asia . 
  a recent study completed at the university of eastern finland suggests that persons captured during raids into areas which today constitute parts of finland , the russian karelia and the baltic countries ended up being sold on these remote trade routes . 
  there was a particular demand for blonde girls and boys who were seen as exotic luxury items , and it was financially beneficial to transport them to the far-away markets . 
  that reminds me : where are all those experts who 've told us for years that the west * not * intervening in syria was causing people to turn to extremism ? 
  and she does n't look a day over 30 . 
  some clothes are still being made in finland . 
  one of the remaining bigger companies is likely to close down its two finnish factories soon , but will still have production in estonia . 
  or whole pig carcasses . 
  like a reaver ship , except with pork . 
  why does the flair say `` removed - misleading '' ? 
  what 's misleading about it ? 
  the article seems to correspond to reporting in swedish newspapers . 
  part of it might be that many people have set their hopes on getting a place in a larger city . 
  if they are ` caught ' at the border , they have to go where they are assigned , usually somewhere out in the sticks . 
  ( that will probably happen anyway because the more central accommodations are full , but the asylum seekers do n't necessarily know that , or they believe they 'll get lucky anyway . ), 
  true , i was thinking more of the reach and visibility than the actual implementation . 
  it seems a bit counterintuitive , but making everyone register at the border decreased the daily numbers of asylum requests even in finland . 
  the border control does n't stop them from seeking asylum , it stops them from moving around the country on their own ( and going on to the next country or staying as an undocumented immigrant ), 
  sweden needs a jon stewart to have politicians debate earlier versions of themselves . 
  what you quoted means the new rules would n't affect quota refugees or asylum seekers granted refugee status , but would affect the asylum seekers who get residence permits based on secondary protection . 
  to assume they 're all engineers , nurses or taxi drivers is equally ludicrous . 
  good , because the purpose of the asylum system is not to encourage people to abandon their families in a dodgy refugee camp and join the amazing race to europe in hopes of a residence permit . 
  a number of romanian and bulgarian roma have migrated to sweden just to beg on the streets , and that 's within the eu . 
  is it a surprise if some people from even poorer countries take the chance ? 
  do you mean mtdna ? 
  across the whole genome finns have around 5 % of [ east asian ] ( http://www.eupedia.com/images/content/east-asian-admixture.gif ) dna that 's not shared with most other europeans , probably linked to the migrations of uralic peoples . 
  probably more yakut than mongolian , insofar as we can use modern ethnic groups to represent prehistoric admixture . 
   but i guess it was so much more cool to be considered central asian steppe-nomads , that the finnish joined the hungarians in their idea of the past . 
  descent from mongols or other horse nomads has never been a popular conception among finns themselves , it 's only lately it 's been embraced as an ironic meme . 
   it is a combination of fertility rates and net immigration rates . 
  if we consider the last 20 years as a whole the uk has had both higher immigration rates and higher fertility rates than germany . 
  why is this comment getting downvoted ? 
  ( edit : better now , had a negative rating before ), 
   ethnic nationalism , which is the basis for nazism and the welfare state, 
   these studies have revealed that the dna of europeans today comes from three main sources . 
  [ ` fourth strand ' of european ancestry originated with hunter-gatherers isolated by ice age ] ( http://www.cam.ac.uk/research/news/fourth-strand-of-european-ancestry-originated-with-hunter-gatherers-isolated-by-ice-age ) the three sources of our ancestry ... our * four * ... wait ... * amongst * our ancestry are such elements as hunter-gatherers , steppe herders , neolithic farmers ... 
  in many cases those swedish `` ghettos '' are the same suburbs where guest workers ( finns , balts , south europeans and so on ) were concentrated in earlier decades . 
  granted that integration was much easier when jobs were easily available , but the location in itself does n't prevent integration , otherwise the descendants of those guest workers would still be stuck there . 
   and many francophone belgians in brussels take their children into dutch-speaking schools to avoid the notoriously bad french-speaking municipal schools . 
  why are the french-language schools bad ? 
  there 's nothing inherently right-wing about questioning uncontrolled immigration , widespread asylum fraud or the spread of regressive religion . 
  there 's always something for a jihadist to be mad about . 
  the failed bomb attack in stockholm in 2010 was accompanied by threats referring to swedish troops in afghanistan and lars vilks ' mohammed drawings . 
   one of the representatives of his party that had her office across the hall from a representative from the sweden democrats would always keep the blinds down . 
  makes sense .
