  [ for a comparison . 
  ] ( http://th04.deviantart.net/fs71/pre/f/2012/254/8/7/aircraft_carrier_size_comparison_by_zhanrae30-d5ec7ch.jpg ), 
  not for europe , but it would for a lot of developing countries . 
  in europe we have ( until recently , let 's disregard the ukraine crisis for a moment ) pretty much lost the threat of war/intervention , and dismantled our armies to a state they ; 're not capable of fighting a war , but serve purely a peacetime role . 
  but i agree that for developing countries they could have a lot of spare cash if they didn ; t waste too much on the military . 
  then again , that 's not of my concern . 
  [ yes , ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/queen_elizabeth-class_aircraft_carrier ) but it currently has none . 
  ( the ark royal is scrapped ) so it should probably be 0 on the chart . 
  the belgian defense budget is nearly twice that of greece though . 
  well there are some pretty important differences between armies that determines the `` bang for the buck '' . 
  one is conscription . 
  about 40 % of the dutch defense budget is the salary of the entire staff . 
  now if most of that staff would be youth under a temporary obligatory conscription ( like in israel ) that makes quite a difference . 
  also the area an army needs to operate in . 
  the israeli army is n't equiped nor expected to fight in argentina , or india . 
  only around it 's own land . 
  it does n't need fancy fleet oilers , lpd/h 's , aas 's , fleet carriers and airlifts . 
  just the commercial airports and marine ports . 
  it 's airforce only needs fighters , it 's navy only needs battleships . 
  also , the israeli army is constantly operating , which makes it a very efficient force . 
  that 's pretty different from an army that 's keeping it 's soldiers in baracks where they collect a pay check to run around a field and clean a gun . 
  you do know it is n't just thrown into the air right ? 
  that `` those budgets '' give people a job designing , repairing , developing , producing and maintainting ships , vehicles , aircrafts and other things . 
  that soldiers and officers are paid an income they sustain a family with , that development of high-tech and all sorts of science keeps institutes , schools and scientists running ? 
  it 's not really that much of a waste . 
  it sounds like an excellent idea to me . 
  we could call it an immigration policy , and set up some rules and regulations and some administrering agencies ? 
  exactly - specifically those of ** britain ** . 
  the divide at belgium is not really correct if you 're going to label it ` german ' , it would be the borders of flanders ( diets people , like the dutch and northern germans ) and ` nords ' are a germanic people too , so you could simplify that , by the way romanians are not slavs , and neither are albanians , they would be better grouped with france , spanish and italian . 
  france may be a story apart ( germanic people moving into romance/latin lands ) but while moving in , they changed themselves into proper latins and lost most of what they brought . 
  maybe because they want to keep them , and keep the business of human trafficking going ? 
  some people are obviously well served by keeping this business . 
   sometimes the international community needs to intevene , we 've seen what happens when we do n't ( rwanda , among others ) . 
  and sometimes the international community does n't need to intervene , we 've seen what happens when we do ( libya , among others ) . 
  it 's too late now though , now we do need to intervene , but before we did n't , france , the us and some other states had better stayed away from libya . 
  they do n't want ukraine to enter the fold of the eu , neither do they want other poor european countries that are already in , to be in the fold . 
  no argument there , it just does n't make them putin fans or allies , just because they agree on one subject . 
  in fact the pvv was invited to monitor the crimea referendum , a invitation they turned down , kind a shows they want no business with putin . 
  not to mention being pro-putin in the netherlands wo n't make you very popular among the electorate , for obvious reasons , involving a plane and a lot of our citizens . 
  that 's just bullshit , the pvv is n't pro-putin/russia at all . 
   however they were right in that the machines needed a lot less workers to run than the prior ` cottage ' industry style of production . 
  a single spinning jenny rig being able to do the work of 10 . 
  and that machine needed someone to design it , improve it , maintain/repair it so it created additional employment opportunities . 
  also , the rise in welfare by more efficient production methods led to new and expanding industries creating new employment . 
  well if we 're going to offend , then fuck sweden . 
  of course we can drop them back right from where they left , in fact it 's the only solution there is . 
  if these countries do n't want them back , then they should 've considered that before allowing human traffickers to run their business on their lands , and before allowing them to leave their shores . 
  it seems only a few countries still have a government concerned with the well-being of their electorate that where keen enough to keep a foot between the door . 
  i wish our government would be more like the british for once . 
  the uk is not part of the shengen zone , so what happens on the italian , spanish and greek coasts is not their problem . 
   why would russia be opposed ? 
      the plans have been criticised by moscow , with russian ambassador vitaly churkin saying the measures go `` too far '' in trying to stem the flow of migrants coming to europe from north africa . 
  because it 's weakening europe , putting a burden on societies that already struggle to make ends meet without hundred thousands of uneducated immigrants , and it 's creating a strong political divide between the ideological left and pragmatic right wings of society . 
  also , russia likes to brag about the decadence of the west , so they 'll probably use it for domestic and foreign consumption , bend it , exagerate it and mislead the people to point out the moral decay of a weak and divided europe . 
   why would they ask for support ? 
  why are n't they just be able to capture the boat , and once the people are off , destroy it ? 
  these traffickers are braking e.u. 
  laws by assisting in the illegal immigrations of these migrants . 
  i think because in international waters that would be piracy , let alone in libyan waters . 
  they are free to express their inner artist on depictions of muhammed , that 's all that really matters . 
  if people are offended by that , they should look the other way , as long as people respond with violence and threats these people will keep offending them until they learn some humility to their fellow humans . 
  this is just how things work in our society , we all are offended every now and then , because we have the freedom to say and express things that might offend some , we 're just developed enough to ignore it and move on with our lifes , or meet it with reason and a debate . 
  so where are we going to get our oil and gas then ? 
  i would say choose your fights well , going into one with russia does n't seem like a very smart thing to do , especially not given the current state of affairs in europe regarding our dismantled armies , bankrupt states , political instability and lack of cohesion . 
  flemish = dutch , they are n't close , they 're the same language . 
  they are , together with suriname , all in the ` taalunie ' which makes the grammar/rules etc. 
  * presented with this choice , the eu would have no more members left . 
   this problem is nothing to do with the uk . 
  i agree , but people are searching for scapegoats for the current troubles , and the uk and russia seem to be reoccuring scapegoats . 
  while actually the uk isn ; t hindering anything , it 's actually , in the area 's where it does participate ( just like any nation ; not in all ) more cooperative and reliable than other members . 
  the problem is the general instability , incompatibility , inaction and friction within the eu that causes all this . 
  it is not caused by the uk , it is not caused by russia , it 's caused by fundemental deficiencies of the eu , which appear to me to be beyond fixable , and a brexit would do a lot more harm than good , for those who still believe london is the reason for our problems . 
  or a [ lekkerbekje ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/42/8b/d0/428bd092a924645af1a5d79b69795685.jpg ) . 
  ( codfish , fried with herbs . ), 
  the belgian navy falls under the [ admiralty benelux ] ( http://www.defensie.nl/english/organisation/navy/contents/navy-units/admiralty-benelux ) , as such they 'll use the ras from the royal netherlands navy , the zr . 
  ms. karel doorman now that the zr . 
  ms amsterdam and zuiderkruis are sold . 
  it has more to do with their arrogance before wwii , and their complete military humiliation inflicted by germany . 
  the opposition against the ` oil wars ' just made it popular again . 
  oh yea greeks , lazy and corruption that sort of thing . 
  never mind that the us is the most efficient labour market in the world per worked hour . 
  so pretty much all european workers are less efficient or nearly on par per worked hour than americans , they just earn less to compensate for working less . 
  because that 's the only thing there is ... there 's not even any herring right ? 
  right ... ? 
  based on what ? 
  the people i see around me in the netherlands actually eat and live very healthy . 
  healthy food is even becoming a fashion these days . 
  maybe it 's the type of people you live around ? 
  people in europe work less , but they also earn less ( in western europe specifically ) but there 's a bit of a different mentality , from the `` i live to work '' in the us , to the `` i work to live '' right here . 
  and with + / - 30 hours per week , you can easily get a pay of + / - 2300-2500 euro per month without being a carreer tiger . 
  that 's enough for most , especially since two working parents is common , and one salary does n't need to support a whole family anymore . 
  you do n't have to be in the coalition to ` make laws ' , opposition can make proposals too , and if met with a majority , become law . 
  well two frigates would be the entire belgian navy . 
  so for european standards it 's considerable , other countries probably maintain a stronger military than european countries do . 
   i do n't agree with a multi-speed europe . 
  so ... are you actually a citizen of europe ? 
   it 's in e.u. 
  's interest to be able to inforce e.u. 
  's interest . 
  we are as a collective , at the mercy of another state which has many times influenced political decisions simply due to the fact that we depend on it for protection .
