  you where the one to bring up the crisis , and that involves a systematic deficiency encompassing the entire eurozone , that 's certainly not ` internal matters ' . 
   france holds dear the concept of `` laicite '' and also `` egalite '' . 
  the uk holds dear the concept of `` muh freedom '' ... those are french though , they 're not dutch values or traditions . 
  the french have a different history and different culture . 
  they are much more religious than us , and treat that divide differently then we do . 
  the netherlands is one of the most atheist countries in the world , the majority of people is not religious ( and that 's not even including agnostics ) , but for those who do believe , laicite is not really a thing here . 
  as mentioned this proposal is also not aimed at religious expressions , or specifically at religion in the first place . 
  people can wear religious signs , many public spaces even have prayer rooms for muslims etc. 
  and it is your right to have an opinion . 
  it is also your ( and anyones ) right to choose not to live here . 
  should you find it intrusive , perhaps it would make you happy that you 're living in london . 
  i do n't really care , it 's the social norm not to cover your face that way , people accept that , understand it as self-evident , it 's just made into law now . 
  necessary or maybe not , perhaps not now , maybe tomorrow , it will in any case probably nag some voters away from the pvv towards the vvd . 
  which strikes me as the primary purpose . 
  no , i 'm comfortable with them telling men and women not to wear face covering cloths though . 
  i ; m doing fine , i 'm quite worried for southern europe , eastern europe , and the future of the eu though . 
  many of them are n't doing so fine as a result from the crisis in europe . 
  if you pretend to be speaking for all dutch tax payers , that appears to be my business . 
  therefor your believes are inaccurate , so my advice would be to believe less , and get to know more instead . 
   and instead to ban via evidence and impact-based assessments . 
  that 's not how we work in europe . 
  if something is considered potentially harmful , it is considered unethical to expose the public to potential hazard . 
  therefor our systems are reversed compared to those in the us . 
  products that ** may ** be harmful will be banned , the burden of proof lies with the side to proof it is n't harmful . 
  in the us they do n't care if you risk harm on the public , and the burden of proof lies with the side to proof it 's harmful . 
  europeans do n't want american standards here , we have different values than americans , that 's why they should stop demanding those or we should stop with ttip altogether if we ca n't entrust the most basic form of responsibility on them . 
   is it against european values ? 
  i 've no idea , i do n't know what european values are , or if they even exist . 
  they 're against dutch values though , they symbolize oppression and inequality of women . 
  you should n't believe too much . 
  this is not just an economic crisis , and we 're in the midst of it . 
   a month before the meeting , amcham had warned the eu of `` wide-reaching implications '' if the draft criteria were approved . 
  the trade body wanted an eu impact study to set looser thresholds for acceptable exposure to endocrines , based on a substance 's potency . 
  of course we do not want ` wide-reaching implications ' for interfering with the free market , we should succumb to threats . 
   the us trade representatives insisted that a risk-based approach be taken to regulation , and `` emphasised the need for an impact assessment '' instead . 
  i thought the eu worked on the basis of pre-cautionary measures . 
  it seems there is really some merit to the idea that the us is going to impose standards here . 
  the vvd has a lot of sway voters from the pvv , so it makes sense politically . 
  would n't say they 're ` morons ' though , they 're just voters , in the case of pvv they 're voters who have concerns about things other voters/representatives are n't ready to discuss . 
   and why is that important when we try to build up the economy after the worst crisis in decades ? 
  just because there are bigger issues does n't mean one should n't be doing anything but the bigger issues . 
  also i 'm not sure what you mean by trying , and i wonder why you say ` after ' , because we 're still in the middle of the worst crisis in decades and we ai n't building anything yet , in fact i would say we 're about to destroy a whole lot more . 
  you ridiculed the proposal as being motivated by the prevention of terrorism , which , if you would read the article , does n't appear to be accurate . 
  maybe you should read the article before commenting . 
   the aim of the legislation is to establish ` clear norms ' and to emphasis that ` open communication ' is part of dutch society ,, 
   i support total religious freedom , that would just make religion an excuse to do anything that 's otherwise not allowed or frowned upon . 
  i support a secular society , people are free to practice what they please inside a house of prayer and their own home , outside that , they act and are accounted for in the same way as any other person . 
  well that 's a good point . 
  i 'm not sure if ` pushing ' is the right word though , expecting might be the best way . 
  for example through recent legislation if a woman wears a burqa to a job interview , she 'll lose her welfare now . 
  i think that 's the best way , expect people to behave at least according to the most basic norms we have here , and otherwise recieve nothing either . 
  pushing is not really going to work , it has to come from the people themselves , and that might be best achieved through expectations . 
  well , let 's see . 
  first they tried to take klm 's cash reserves , which would cause , through loss of liquidity , higher material lease prices for klm . 
  they managed to stop that , then they tried to move klm administrations and ict positions from the netherlands to france to ` create jobs ' for airfrance , at the cost of jobs in nl . 
  after which the secretary of state intervened . 
  then they considered to move the cargo division of a.f.-klm from schiphol to paris , and sell it . 
  considering klm is the one that is at least ` running ' with still some green numbers , and that airfrance is in the red numbers causing losses , it makes no sense to pull away assets from klm to airfrance other than sustaining some unproductive job program in france . 
  until now most efforts are thwarted , but with this changing positions of power , and the only small assets the dutch state holds ( + / - 4,5 % ) that might change . 
  all in all , it would n't be a bad thing to consider finding a new partner . 
  i 'm not from france , but the way i see it , if klm wants a future , they better separate from airfrance . 
   created as a buffer state after the treaty of vienna in 1815 . 
  that treaty created the united kingdom of the netherlands . 
  belgium , luxemburg and netherlands ( or roughly that region ) where one country then . 
  the belgians revolted in 1830 , we invaded , the french supported the belgians and hence belgium came to be in the 1839 treaty of london . 
  they also included macedonia , and , cyprus seems to have unified . 
  it looks like that . 
  junckers has already said there would be no enlargement under his period in commission , but now they 're even holding back on other promises in some case ( visa-free travel among them ) they 've also changed their tune year on year bringing doubt and uncertainty into the aspirations of these countries . 
  this is a clear sign to russia that military force works in the 21th century , and that we will succumb to violence . 
  cyprus is n't in europe either . 
  yes , this is really playing into the cards of russia . 
  i think they 're scared , and give up to russia . 
  this will also have implications for these countries with membership aspirations , political divides and electoral attitudes that might make the entire eu-membership impossible if we postpone it , and will drive them right into the hands of the eeu . 
  for the people that support eastern enlargement , this must be a pretty big disapointment . 
   the difference is nothing to us , if they 're getting nothing , joining wo n't be worth the effort for them . 
   `` juncker : no perspectives for eastern european partners  the eap countries and the eu is not ready to discuss the question of eu membership . 
   this was announced by commission president jean-claude juncker at the eastern partnership summit in riga on thursday , ukrinform correspondent reported . 
   `` concerning eu membership , we need to note that the european perspective for any of these countries does not exist . 
  they are not ready . 
  we are not ready '' - said the president of the european commission . 
   read also : ukraine and georgia and moldova `` poprosylysya '' in the eu . 
  video  he added that riga is not dedicated to the issue of membership in the eu eastern partners , and is not directed against russia . '', 
  [ maybe ] ( http://www.ukpolitical.info/european-parliament-election-turnout.htm ) if the electorate of britain would actually vote , that the mock up of british representation would be quite different . 
  did n't ukip get 25 % of the votes ? 
  that means they 've recieved 25 % of the votes , from the votes of 34 % of the electorate , and they roughly represent 8,5 % of the british electorate . 
  europe is very scared at the moment , they have given up on many countries that aspire to become a member out of fear for russia . 
  and that will put some of these countries in a dangerous split . 
  not even particularly moldova , but serbia for example . 
  perhaps , as long as you keep giving them money . 
  but normal people who do not kill and torture fellow human beings have to work for it , and now wait for an appartment as 2th class citizens . 
  pretty unfair . 
  why are they rewarding isis fighters ? 
  is the swedish government really that pro-isis ? 
  hon hon hon monsieur baguette , forever freed from you . 
   have you ever had a toothache ? 
  it hurts like a bitch and distracts you from everything else . 
   what moldova decides will be mostly on the heads of moldovans . 
  well and on our budgets . 
  billions have a habit of disappearing in moldova , and we do n't need another bottomless well , we 've got enough financial problems as it is . 
   if nobody cares , why do they care to let the russians know it 's not against russia ?
