  also we needed some replacement for the walrus subs . 
  seems like two flies in one beat . 
  good idea . 
  two or three ballistic subs should do . 
   i think the idea is that some other nato countries would provide mbts , and the netherlands would provide something else ( patriot missiles or something ? ) . 
  well that 's what everybody is thinking lately , it all boils down to the us , uk and france . 
  all the rest does not want to carry any responsibility , and are free riding . 
  that works until the host is tired of the parasites . 
  finland is a european country so it does in a sense , however finland is n't part of the european security apparatus , which is nato . 
  so indeed , european security is n't well served with this . 
  they would defend the baltic states , and the balkan under their previous owner , and not anymore now . 
  stop accepting them does n't help . 
  they 'll go to sweden anyway , there are no borders anymore , if you do n't give them asylum , they 'll sleep under the bridge and steal some food , or work illegally . 
  the only solution is never letting them in , but nobody seems to support that . 
   why ca n't refugees claim asylum at embassies in their own or nerby countries and then be provided asylum by the un all over the world . 
  because then we would have 200.000.000 requests , if not more . 
  the world can not provide asylum to all who would have the right to it , should they be given the opportunity to demand it . 
  there 's just no way , africa has nearly twice as much people as europe just for a comparison . 
  africa has over twice as much people as the eu . 
  it serves finnish security , it once served european security when still active here , so it does n't improve european security , it undermines it . 
  that 's true , kinda sad though . 
  if it is too much for europe to handle , it is completely too much for a small part of europe ( benelux , sweden , germany ) to handle . 
  wether the amount of people is too large to handle depends on who you ask i gues . 
  i personally think we already have too much here currently , but some would vouch for a lot more to come . 
  with an eu passport she can move and live anywhere in the eu , plus norway and iceland , switserland should also be possible . 
  many countries do have a `` social housing system '' , which means the lower range of the market usually has long waiting lists , and you 'll be renting privately ( a bit more expensive ) if you 're not buying , everything is possible though . 
  the language might be the most difficult aspect , although ireland or the uk would be easy for you of course . 
  france really hasn ; t done anything besides creating the problem . 
  it seems they just leave countries like sweden with the problems , how can we have common borders if they act like this ? 
  as a consequence , we are not . 
  well i strongly believe in a bottom-up society , less so in a top-down . 
  so we might disagree just there . 
  if there 's no public support for it , i 'll go by that , and not the lack of leadership . 
  allthough i agree there are currently no real leaders or people with a vision , an idea . 
  should that time ever come , i challenge him/her to persuade the masses , but i put the decision in their hands . 
   i do not agree that only fringe parties ( extreme left/right ) are pro-eu . 
  pro-eu is not the same as pro-federalism . 
  you can be pro-eu , without being pro-federalism . 
   i do not agree that only fringe parties ( extreme left/right ) are pro-eu . 
  anarchist are per definition against any type of government , no they are n't . 
  even among the anarchists/communists there are pragmatic groups and different flavours . 
  they are however firmly against a * nationstate * , and that is something they have in common with the eu , which is trying to replace the nationstates with a supranational state . 
  the extreme right would strive to make that a nationstate with a pan-european identity , the extreme left would see it replace any such things . 
   far right , the same thing . 
  if you are nationalist you ca n't be for a supranational institution . 
  you can . 
  for federalists this is not about institutions , but this is about creating a european state . 
   pro-eu is really something from the mainstream parties . 
  labour in england , half of the conservatives ( including the pm ) as well . 
  merkel , hollande , all of them are pro-eu . 
  that does n't mean that i do not understand where you and / u/volkenvaderland are getting at . 
  you both only misread the divide . 
  again , being pro-eu does not make one pro-federalist . 
  you can be pro-eu , even if you want a smaller or different eu . 
  the term pro-eu is pretty irrelevant considering nobody really knows what the eu is , is going to be , or should become at this point . 
  no problem , it is n't as complicated as the uk , but it goes a long way  . 
  the kingdom of the netherlands is like the eu , it has memberstates . 
  it includes the netherlands , including caribbean netherlands ( saba , st.eustatius , bonaire ) and the countries of aruba , curacao and sint maarten ( former antilles ) . 
  the netherlands is an eu member , the kingdom is n't , the other members aren ; t either . 
  defense and foreign policy is managed by the kingdom . 
  what the hell does nationalism have to do with this ? 
  if anyone has some explaining to do , that will be you . 
  do you know what nato is ? 
  do you know nato is a mutual defensive alliance ? 
  that if poland is attacked , we will defend each other , and thus them ? 
  so tell me again how we do not need mbt 's to fullfill our defensive obligations . 
   should n't we be more to each other by now ? 
  should n't i as a dutchman care about the falklands , because the british do ? 
  should n't i as a dutchman care about the suffering of the greek peoples , because they are my fellow europeans ? 
  should n't i as a dutchman be utterly enraged that a kidnapped estonian is still rotting away in russia somewhere ? 
  well i think this is a very important point . 
  there 's no widespread [ european identity ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pan-european_identity ) , we are all groups put in some union that has , besides being hopelessly behind times , never recieved much attention or interest , let alone support , of the people . 
  just look at voter turnout for the ep for example , or ask any person on the street what kind of parties are in the ep , and who the president of the commission or council is , they 've no idea , neither do they care . 
  it seems most of them have been indifferent towards the european project , they have tolerated it , but as a consequence , everytime the european project comes into their lifes it creates resentment . 
  wether it is about the uk or greece , or the home country , or the countless amount of never-ending problems the eu is rich . 
  without participation a democracy is already impossible , and without a democracy there will never be much interest in european politics . 
  currently i only see two very small marginal groups in support of european federalism , the extreme left anarchists/communists and some sort of extreme right ultra-nationalists ( ` we must beat the us and china ' ) all in all both do n't have my support , i also do n't have a european identity , i 'm dutch , i 'm not french , i 'm not german , that 's just all there is to it for me . 
  i only really see two options currently , either we start stripping and redesigning the eu , or it 's going to slowly wither away and fall apart from now on . 
  europe will not federalize , not at this point , and not in any time soon . 
  that means the current institutions are a dead end . 
  it was a reference to the initial deal . 
  indonesia was supposed to buy these leopards , but that was halted for humanitarian concerns , and then germany sold them to them . 
  bottom line , this deal with finland is theft , might have had a better price with indonesia . 
  well it does n't , and it 's very easy to imagine that , since brussels does n't have any military significance . 
  besides , the netherlands does n't have an army , we are talking about the armed forces of the kingdom of the netherlands , and the kingdom of the netherlands is not an eu member . 
  only the netherlands is . 
  it would also make no sense , since we have a military and foreign policy in south america as well as in/around europe . 
  and that 's up to the the hague , and no one else . 
  you do n't force them , but marriage is not something strictly of faith , it 's most importantly to this discussion a legal construct . 
  they should 've the same legal rights as the rest . 
  whatever the church binds in marriage is up to them , but whoever the state decides to bind in marriage is not up to the church . 
  the union does n't have a foreign policy . 
  it just has some area 's where it acts together , but only those where the council unanimously agrees on something , which is in reverse and pretty rare . 
  the decision to act was in our capital and nowhere else , in fact even if we would ask others , no one would help either way . 
  the only important partner we have is the us , and they vouched to help us , and they would 've helped had we acted . 
  so we only need to defend ourselves now ? 
  i thought we would need mbt 's from the very moment nato was attacked . 
  with 9 frigates they do n't actually have a minuscule navy , it 's one of the largest combat surface fleets in europe actually . 
  they lack support ships ( two of their frigates seem to fill multiple functions there ) but at least they do n't need fleet oilers at that distance , some kind of lpd/helicopter carrier would be kinda necessary though . 
  this comment was not about the danish , but it 's essentially the same thing for the danish indeed .
