  you 're talking out of your ass . 
  the molukkers where promised a state in indonesia by the netherlands , that 's why they hijacked that train . 
  people can be denied welfare now if they do n't speak the language within a certain period . 
  i wish him good luck finding a job , and otherwise a fine life on the street . 
   ust letting them mix with english speaking kids does wonders . 
  parents of dutch speaking children want their children to perform and achieve something in life , they 'll need good education for that . 
  therefor , they actively search for schools without immigrants . 
  remember this is not the cause of the problems , it 's a result . 
  integration has completely failed in the netherlands , and when we say we do n't want more immigrants we 're racist . 
  these problems are imposed on us , so people will just make the best of it and search for schools without immigrants . 
   these are children born and raised in netherlands . 
  yes ...  however , not at the same linguistic level as the natives . 
  then how 's that possible ? 
  means they 're raised in a different language than dutch ? 
  not very dutch of them is it ? 
  that depends . 
  perhaps you should be so polite to respect the opinion of ukranians , instead of ` having issues with ukranian nationalism ' . 
   also hater ganna hate mind explaining ? 
  the title appears to be different of the article , but it 's title of the [ front page ] ( http://www.dutchnews.nl/ ) so it is n't editorialized . 
  it 's probably an unpopular subject , but some insights from people would be interesting . 
  for example for the statement ;  ` a school should reflect its neighbourhood . ' is that a reason to counter segregation , or should we not interfere with such social dynamics ? 
   sadly , a lot of the know-how never stayed up to date . 
  we can probably handle some parts and maintainance , but for the short term future , the only option is to import fighter planes . 
  yes , but you would have to start somewhere again . 
  and import planes offer the opportunity to attract some pieces of the production process . 
  countries like india use import planes to kickstart domestic industry too . 
  for example the sukhoi-su30 is constructed in india , as well as half the dussault rafale 's they ordered . 
  they 're attracting quite some know-how that way . 
  in the current state bulgaria is not going to foster a complete aircraft industry , but it could for example foster some ofspring in the form of assembly lines or parts production/design . 
   the current ones are getting quite old and the time for a procurement deal is long past due . 
  mig-21 are indeed really old . 
  but sweden for example , has around 3 times the defense budget of bulgaria ( + / - 3 billion euro ) yet fields 130 saab gripens in its airforce . 
  one would say bulgaria should be able to acquire 20 or 30 gripens to replace them , i imagine it would also simplify maintenance and operations/logistics when they 're using 1 type of plane instead of two ( mig 21-29 ), 
   i admit i have issues with ukrainian nationalism and that i have some ex soviet family ties . 
  ca n't blame a man for having an opinion . 
  it 's your right to have an opinion , it 's not your right to have your opinion respected . 
  as long as people make the distinction between that , all is fine . 
   soviet hegemony and german occupation are not to be confused too easily . 
  for the poles they where the same evil , only the soviets are a bit more fresh in the memory . 
  saab offered to assemble the gripens in switserland if the swiss where to buy them , ( saab is pretty desparate ) , that is essentially how you start an aircraft industry again . 
  maybe if bulgaria could strike the same deal that it will yield some production , experience and know-how . 
  they 're probably the best choice when on a budget too . 
  the ef , rafale or f35 are all pretty expensive . 
  would leave 2nd hand f16 's , gripen , or russian planes again , which they probably wo n't do . 
   biggest problem is that europe does n't have a silicone valley of its own . 
  eindhoven has the highest patent inquiry rate per 100k citizens in the world . 
  ( higher than sillicon valley ) we do have them , a lot of them , and they could do a lot , it 's just all too small because there are still a lot of borders between markets . 
   taxation issues - for instance stock options are taxed to death then just start as a full liability company , that 's so simple you do n't even need a book keeper or accountant at first . 
   a culture that thinks failure means the person must not be allowed to try again . 
  i do n't know if that 's true everywhere , people here at start-up events call you a rookie if you have n't failed at least twice . 
   no venture capital culture true . 
  unlike the us , we tend to finance nearly everything by bank . 
  but banks do try to service that with special arrangements . 
  ( for example loans that will only need partial repayment if you fail , and higher repayment if you succeed ) however many companies are bundling strength and starting start-up events , with competitions , arrangements and opportunities . 
   the strong employee rights mean employees stay for decades with the same company rather than moving around ( with their know-how ) every couple of years . 
  it also means companies are scared to expand `` too fast '' . 
  while it is true , start-ups here just do n't hire . 
  if you want to be employed , you put yourself in a zzp position ( sole proprietorship without personnel ) and hiring personnel is as easy as hiring a plumber for a day . 
  no insurance issues , no workers rights . 
  maybe in the uk , but not in the netherlands for example . 
  even if you have full liability ( sole propriertorship ) , you 'll just go personally bankrupt , go to court , enter a procedure , and start over in 2 years . 
  but most people will set up a limited liability ( bv , nv ) , problems are double taxation and the fact you hire yourself to the company , unlike full liability , you need to pay a salary , so you need income , which happens to come later in tech - start ups . 
  but if you fail , you just walk away . 
  ( unless you 're proven to have acted corrupted ), 
   that 's not what / u/watergeuzen said . 
  he said there was only two places to show what you believe . 
  it almost sounds like / u/watergeuzen wants to ban all religious outing outside people 's own home . 
  that 's not what i said , that 's your interpretation of it . 
  stop putting words in my mouth . 
   thats not the point i was trying to make . 
  what i am trying to say is you ca n't prove a negative . 
  the burden of proof is on those who make the positive claim , not those who make the negative one . 
  no it 's vice versa in europe . 
  also this means the ec can ban products that are n't proven harmful but beyond reasonable doubt are potentially . 
   yes there should be test by industries and independent agencies ** before a new product is put to market . 
  ** indeed . 
  but sometimes it happens a product is sold now with the current knowledge being it ` snot harmful , and that people in 20years from now suddenly discover it is harmful . 
  happens all the time . 
   should n't the burden of proof be on those trying to prove a positive ( harm ) rather than trying to prove a negative ( no harm ) . 
  to put the burden of proof on somebody trying to prove a negative sounds illogical to me . 
  if you want to expose the public to potential harm . 
  even if something is beyond reasonable doubt considered harmful , corporations can friction the process making new different researches , change the product a little etc. 
  i do n't want the initiative to be with corporations who only want money . 
  at that point i want the govenrment to say ` your product is banned , come back when you 've proven it 's not harmful ' . 
  [ think again ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/6a/alexander-empire_323bc.jpg ), 
  i thought canada had a queen ? 
  they recieve a residency permit only valid in the country they 're put . 
  they can move , they just ca n't do anything outside of the place they where put . 
  they ca n't rent or buy a house somewhere else , nor do they have any rights to basic support in other countries , they ca n't work , and when asked for id they have a problem . 
  so you do n't need a camp , if they want to make anyting out of their lifes they 'll stay put . 
  i know , but france and spain where in there too . 
   also , even france , uk and spain are against it of course , because they would all recieve more then they do currently . 
  however if you want to do everything together , it 's giving and taking . 
  there are bound to be some subjects in the future where france stands to gain , and we lose , should we decline that then ? 
   in my way of thinking there should n't be any necessary overlap between law and social norms ... 
  there should ' t which is why i 'm pretty indifferent towards the proposal . 
   i 'm just more saying that this is not a universal way of thinking about the issue and civilised people from other countries with different traditions will look at the same thing in a different way . 
  we do n't have 17 million people with the same opinion either . 
  but you 're right that the majority is probably irreconcilable with the uk traditions that revolve around affirmative action , as opposed to equality . 
  but we simply do n't all have the same views .
