  neither will you probably , unless bio-technology really takes of , but you 'll have a war most likely , several ones probably . 
   explain that please , in concrete terms . 
  explain to me how a coherent minority voice in the council and a completely fragmented share of german meps in parliament will form a coherent german voice to control everything . 
  i removed a column before posting the reply , leaving the wrong quote . 
  it 's been edited . 
   the dutch pm is not talking about a federation , he 's talking about the real problems of not having one . 
  no he is n't . 
  firstly the dutch electorate opposes a federation ( according to the ec 70 % is against ) , so there wo n't be one with us . 
  the current pm has also called for ` less europe ' than currently . 
  because of britain that federation is not possible , that 's why we have the uk as an insurance , to keep france and germany at bay . 
  if the uk would leave , we would be in real trouble . 
  we should leave too in that case . 
   without it , france and/or germany can crush you precisely because they can still act in a coherent manner as national units . 
  break that coherence by moving certain powers to the federal level , and the problem disappears . 
  no it would just institutionalize their powers deeper and stronger . 
  if the uk and the netherlands would leave together , we could form a political block with norway that forms a new relation with the eu . 
  we would control most of the energy of europe . 
  the netherlands has the largest proven gas reserves in the eu , norway the largest in europe , the uk the largest oil reserves in the eu , and we 're also a hub for russian gas to western europe . 
  we would have enough control over others to form our own policies , and the eu being sandwhiched between two major energy suppliers would leave it crippled in it 's regional policies . 
  on the east perhaps , not on us . 
  i disagree , we are closer to the americans than to the germans . 
  i 'd prefer being inside an american tent rather than being manipulated to help hold up either the german or french . 
   bavaria or nrw are n't controlling germany , texas or california are n't controlling the usa . 
  then again , that 's not a comparison . 
  bavaria and noordrijn-westfalen are part of the same country , as are texas and california . 
  they share a history , a language a culture an identity . 
  we do n't . 
   that 's just not how this works that 's not how it works . 
  unless we do not have proportionate representation , but every state recieves an equal amount of representation . 
  but nobody would accept that belgium gets as much to say as germany , therefor there would be no equal relationship between partners , and countries will dominate others . 
  there 's a reason why the dutch pm calls the uk our insurance , this fear is ever present among our political ranks . 
   does n't mean it ca n't rebound , though . 
  but we need to take action if we want that . 
  i think we 're well past that point . 
  i think it would work better indeed , but this ` importing africans and muslims ' is more a symptom of a drastic failure to cooperate in europe , and not having the ability to manage things together than it is the problem itself . 
  either way we 'll be controlled by another country , what 's the difference ? 
  do you think the germans are better for us than the americans or chinese ? 
  i also do n't understand why you would give up self-determination in order to not lose self determination . 
  do you see where that reasoning fails ? 
  not to mention the german-french grip on european countries will be far firmer than the american or chinese grip on us , which would give us more sovereignty . 
  i disagree , i do n't think europe has ever been as influential since 1945 as it was very recently . 
  yes but the germans where removed , and most things of historic relevance where destroyed , recycled or neglected . 
  no idea , i think it 's termporary though , but i do n't know a lot about the pace . 
  wikipedia mentions it too ;  russia suspension  the assembly voted to suspend the russian delegation 's voting rights as well as the rights to be represented in the bureau of the assembly , the pace presidential committee , the pace standing committee , and the rights to participate in election observation missions , after the assembly condemned the 2014 russian military intervention in ukraine . 
  the suspension applies from 10 april 2014 and throughout the remainder of the 2014 session . 
  in the event of no russian de-escalation and launch of political initiatives to resolve the territorial dispute with ukraine , the suspension might be converted to a full exclusion from pace . 
  [ 7 ] in january 2015 , the assembly renewed sanctions against the russian delegation . 
  [ 18 ] the suspension of russia is so far limited to pace activities , and does not affect the russian delegation in the second statutory political body of the council of europe , the committee of ministers . 
  [ 19 ]  on 4 june 2014 , russia suspended its cooperation with pace , since its delegates were deprived of voting rights in the aftermath of the ukrainian conflict . 
  [ 20 ] [ sauce ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/parliamentary_assembly_of_the_council_of_europe#controversy ), 
  i thought russia was [ stripped ] ( http://www.euronews.com/2015/01/29/european-council-suspends-russian-voting-rights-over-ukraine/ ) of their voting rights in the council . 
  it 's merely a stage for them now , russia has threatened it might leave the council if its rights are n't restored . 
  that places k\u00f6nigsberg on par with the surrounding polish regions . 
  it has been a declining power since 2008 . 
  major mistakes where made in the forming of the european union and emu , major mistakes where made handling the crisis , and now it has all but collapsed . 
  it can not leave the crisis , it 's stuck , and by now new crises have emerged and will continue to emerge , and eventually something is going to give . 
  they could have used it as advertisement ? 
  the average tv-commercial costs more than a cessna-172 . 
  that was not what / u/tortulho said , you 're moving the goalpost . 
  leaving nato and the ez have been official party goals of syriza . 
  times for very different then . 
  there have been years that relations between russia and europe where really promising . 
  10 years ago putin said the euro was the future , and that russia could one day adopt the euro as its currency . 
  about 12 years ago the german government publicly talked about eu membership for russia . 
  currently it would be unthinkable , but back then it could have been a move of reconciliation between the people of russia and germany . 
  there 's of course a difference between supporting a proposal to raise the pension age with a year , or leaving nato . 
  these are pretty radical positions . 
  there have been rumors that putin offered the k\u00f6nigsberg oblast to merkel in exchange for a financial sum some years ago . 
  germany declined the offer , they do n't want it . 
  but poland holds most of former prussia already , why not add the crown jewel ? 
  in any case if they had the chance , i think they should do it . 
  if only for the security . 
  we can argue financials all day , but it 's a fortress in the middle of europe , we should make it part of the european area , free to move and live , and make it prosper , if we where given that chance . 
  no these where official syriza goals a few years ago . 
  they changed them , none the less they advocated leaving nato and the ez , and even now some among their ranks probably still support that . 
  i do n't think that during a default and grexit all other factors stay the same . 
  there will be a bankrun , banking crisis , capital flight , unusual consumer behaviour ( changing money to other value carrying items cars/motorcycles/tv 's ) what little investment there is in greece will disappear , assets will evaporate , the new currency will be in low demand , probably even greeks will prefer to hold euro 's in foreign banks . 
  it 's likely unemployment rises , wages fall , investments fall , tax collection falls , that primary surplus may very well be a thing of the past , and require immediate budget revision . 
  there ; s no saying what will happen after a grexit is there ? 
  she ca n't say for certain it wo n't , it might lead to the collapse of the euro . 
  no , there are no winners only losers . 
  the banks , they 're the only winners . 
  lithuania and eastern poland can into rich now ? 
  besides it 's not even a million people ( 950.000 ) , a country like poland could handle such a minority . 
  never too late to correct an error . 
  the question is , who will recieve it ? 
  germany ? 
  poland ? 
  lithuania ? 
  oh you 're right i thought it was the same date , but it was 3 days later . 
  we [ beat ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dutch_european_constitution_referendum,_2005 ) the french with nearly 62 % against . 
   anyway , let 's not overhaste things , maybe he can reform the eu instead of leaving it . 
  the uk leaving the eu would leave us in a horrible position . 
  as our pm said , the uk is our insurance policy against a too strong french-german empire . 
  it probably does , because it 's a mixed treaty . 
  the eu has no sole competence there . 
  no problem . 
  [ this ] ( http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2015/05/16/23/28c2e55d00000578-0-image-a-1_1431815633015.jpg ) provides some small overview . 
  refugees do not recieve a shengen passport . 
  they are legally confined to the location they 've recieved asylum by their permit .
