   the f-35 is n't particularly aerodynamic because of the body shape that provides stealthiness . 
  i 'm curious what happens to that comparison when we stuff a eurofighter with bombs , and fill the * internal * bomb bay of the f-35 . 
  this is actually what we 're going to do with it . 
  i think it 's aerodynamic advantage will suddenly disappear . 
   there are loads of problems with the aircraft , they have said they 'd be worked out by the time we buy it but i do n't believe them . 
  there are always problems in projects like these . 
  it 's development , moves from problem to solution . 
   plus the eurofighter has better speed and range . 
  the eurofighter is a different plane than the f-35 . 
  it can not perform the roles our airforce needs to do , therefor it 's not an option . 
  the uk is also planning to replace it 's eurofighters with the f-35 . 
   f-35 is also more expensive and has ridiculous maintainence costs . 
  it 's actually cheaper . 
  i 'm curious how much of flanders will be frenchified the coming years/decades at this rate . 
   it would definitely be much more centralized do n't you mean decentralized ? 
  i ca n't imagine a federal government ruling over europe from highly centralized institutions , unless it 's a violent , oppressive dictatorship . 
  the people in charge of rotterdam would be the same people who would be in charge of antwerpen . 
  besides , both barely compete each other , in fact , they are already cooperating to complement each other as much as possible . 
  anyway , i hope i do n't have to remind you of some geography , might as wel redirect some of these greenpeace ships on the north sea and drop some boulders in * our * channels . 
  maybe you could transform antwerpen into an airport after that . 
  as brussels-charleroi , while being cheap , is a tad to far driving for the average trip . 
  mutually beneficial ? 
  unless there 's a sudden rise in water tide , alarming as it is , some solid dykes in zeeland could just keep us safe ? 
  and did i already mention that growth in rotterdam is not exactly withheld by antwerpen , but rather by room ? 
  anyway , i think your fear for antwerpen is not really reasonable , especially since after a unfication of flanders + netherlands the balance of power would shift more south , as flanders is more densily populated than most of the netherlands , and our south is already an important economic engine . 
  the border region would most likely thrive , to the advantage of antwerpen . 
  they could become a state within the kingdom of the netherlands , just like some of the overseas territories . 
  we would share the military , citizenship , foreign policy , foreign representation , seats at international organisations etc. 
  but they would govern their internal matters . 
  brussel is majority french , the average dutch person would sacrifice his first born , dance naked around a camp fire , and eat his dog to keep that sort of evil at bay . 
  if we wanted to ruin antwerp ( for as far as that 's possible beyond its current state - ) we could do so already . 
  the average dutchmen is a lot more considerate than you are . 
  do n't want a united states of europe though . 
  but a benelux federation makes sense to me . 
  that can go two ways , do you think it will increase or decrease , and why ? 
  because i think this crisis will not be solved in a year or two , simply because there 's no end in sight to what causes much of the displacement . 
  that 's not entirely honest , statistically you 're correct , but they do not settle everywhere in europe equally . 
  they almost all move to a handful of countries where mena immigrants already make up about 5-10 % of the current population , and even inside those nations they all tend to move to the big cities and not all throughout the countryside . 
  you 're still correct that it would add less then 1 % to the population , but i would have to move to poland to witness that . 
  skilled people can emigrate from europe . 
  the future is in asia and the us , might as well move there , instead of working for others . 
  i wish he was just old . 
  but he 's a * psychologist * . 
  i mean he 's free to think and express himself as he so pleases , but how is he expected to help people who are emotionally/psychologically burdened , often caused or related to exactly this ? 
  indeed , otherwise our societies would be in the same state as the ones they 're running away from . 
  what are you on about ? 
  there 's mandatory service in case of need , reserves are normally just not conscripted . 
  so it 's a professional army as long as it 's not at war . 
  i agree though that it 's kind of an ` iffy ' ranking , both in the case of belgium and greece we 're talking about self defense forces , armies with no global operational capability . 
  belgium is also a story apart being in the admiralty benelux , it 's navy is essentially one with the much stronger dutch navy , and the airforces are going to patrol each others skies soon , so it 's integrated a lot . 
  anyway , belgium itself has no real danger of an ground war on it 's soil , where as greece does have one ( turkey ) , also greece is larger , and harder to defend . 
  all in all such a ranking quite literally says nothing . 
  the order is actually 37 f-35s , and it 's only the initial order . 
  of all the countries mentioned we would indeed host the smallest army , but that was nog the point , the dutch aemy is more comparable to spain then it is to sweden , and it 's closer to canada then it is to czech republic . 
  you can do without tanks . 
  ( allthough you preferably do n't ) we do have frigates , which both sweden and switserland do n't have , we also have two lpd 's and a jlss which could mount an invasion of sweden , which also all these [ do n't have . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/green-water_navy#netherlands ) sweden on the other hand , ca n't mount more than an assault on gotland . 
  overall we still have some , certainly far out of the league of sweden , finland , czech republic , switserland and all the likes , it 's more comparable to australia , spain or canada , not saying the loss of tanks was n't a huge blow , as where other measures , but it 's still far above most european countries . 
  well at was more about the size comparison , the person i responded to already mentioned they would be stovl . 
  i 'm not sure if i would use the phrase ` creating jobs ' , as it 's more sustaining them and the net costs/benefits are debatable . 
  anyway , the amount of bullshit in you is a little too much for me , so i 'll leave it at that . 
  i 'm not sure for all of them , the garibaldi surely can field jet fighters , as it does now and then . 
  but i 'm not going to look into all of them . 
  i 'm not sure what you have been reading into , but i do know you show a severe lack of understanding for it . 
  abolish the eu and eurozone , return to democracy and communal interests , establish or continue in smaller political unions that would actually yield something for all involved . 
  not only the us , but also germany for example . 
  ( subsidies 33 % of their new submarines for example ), 
  i 'm not suggesting anything besides what i 've written in that particular reply . 
  so i ` suggest ' you read it again to find your answer . 
  of course captain obvious . 
  well yea it is a bullshit list . 
  the dutch army is considered to be the 5th or 6th strongest army of europe . 
  certainly not below switserland , let alone sweden or czech republic . 
  so i would n't take it too serious . 
  also look at saudi arabia , in reality they would be at the top of that list , they have some respectable armed forces . 
  you mean the japanese one should n't be on it ? 
  japan is banned from having them indeed , and equips them with helictopters and dubs them ` destroyers ' of some sorts , they 're still capable of carrying real planes if need be though . 
  i believe the principle asturias and garibaldi are currently also used as helicopter carrier , but both could also be equiped with fighter jets ( and both have had fighter jets before ) the hms ocean and all mistral class carriers are used as helicopter carriers too by the way , it seems most on the right are actually hel . 
  carriers . 
  netherlands . 
  i do n't know , we seem to have a hard time keeping people at work in europe , so it might be just keeping them at home with a welfare check . 
  would still not yield a lot , would it . 
  the list isn ; t very accurate . 
  not only does sweden not belong on it , but sa for example is far stronger , and most of the rest are inaccurate too . 
  yes , but that is n't counted for the others either . 
  france has 3 helicopter carriers for example . 
  i thought belgium was considering buying the rafale ? 
  i do know now that with the planned shared airdefense of the benelux , that the f35 could get back into the picture but i did n't know this quickly . 
  anyway , the eurofighter has the same nuclear capability , as does the current f16 . 
  but do n't worry about them being ` faulty ' , the f-35 will be one of the most advanced and most capable jets out there . 
  i do n't believe self-responsibility means autarky . 
  but maybe you could elaborate on that . 
  trade is done because it 's mutually beneficial , when it 's no longer mutually beneficial i would consider severing these particular trade ties indeed , depending to who 's benefit it exactly is . 
  does belgium have a shared arsenal ? 
  i did n't know that . 
  but it is n't listed for the netherlands or italy either . 
  i 'm sorry , i do n't believe international aid is aiding anyone but those that are handing it out . 
  i also do n't believe we could or should help people in other parts of the globe . 
  i believe in self-responsiblity , personal development and hard work . 
  what i do n't believe in , is humanity as an utopia , so i do entrust the safety of me , my family , my neighbour , my city and my country , is based on what you percieve as ` dick waving ' , and that there are more people on this earth that would love to kill me simply for being white , born in europe , not religous or what have you , than what would we be considered survivable without some kind of defense .
