  anyway , cameron is visiting the hague and copenhagen on thursday and warsaw on friday . 
  i know the hague initially wanted to support the uk against the junckers commission ( until we where cornered and lured ) , we have many aligning interests , therefor i hope we can offer some partnership to the uk in these negotiations , but we 'll see . 
  interesting that david cameron is visiting the netherlands on thursday to negotiate the treaty changes . 
  he 's going to visit denmark and poland after that . 
  would be interesting if this causes a political rift , a uk led bloc against germany and france . 
  we really need the uk to change this eu , i hope cameron finds a partner in the hague . 
   besides , germany and france are the founders of the eu , is that so ? 
  and there where n't anymore ? 
  pretty dishonest , especially because the basic principles of the eu are the brainchild of the benelux . 
   oh , it 's not that related to the topic for me to say that , but there is no `` equal opportunities '' in a liberal economic system . 
  there 's no equal opportunity in any system if you wish to be pedantic . 
  liberalism just seeks to take away the barriers we do have influence over . 
  or ` whites ' altogether . 
  it is possible to conjugate all of them into one currency if the right compensation mechanisms are in place to even out substantial divergence . 
  or in other words a fiscal union . 
  do n't take it too serious . 
  but i think turkey does n't belong in a european union . 
  russia , its population as well its government , has no place in the eu . 
  if miracles exist and a wonder where they happen , they could be granted a position like norway in the eea , that 's about the maximum possible and realistically impossible . 
  maybe we 'll see an fta in 50 years , or a visa free zone at the turn of the century . 
  the balkans , marocco , canada , australia , new zealand , tunisia , belarus , ukraine , moldova , iceland , norway and israel . 
  with turkey only the piece in europe including the strait thus istanbul . 
   and russia have you gone mad ? 
  what exactly do they wish to achieve with that ? 
  excluding liechtenstein the only borders switserland has is with the eu , and with a population not even the size of belgium they do n't really have a negotiating position . 
  i would say just close the borders to switserland for people , as well as goods , services and capital . 
  let a year or two pass and see how we continue from there . 
   greece leaving the euro just highlights the problems euro has , yes it does , that 's why it 's unlikely it will stop at greece . 
  italy has behind the scenes already considered a euro exit , but portugal and spain will be likely candidates , then france , and that 's that , and we can all go our own ways again . 
   greece leaving eu would make eu seem a lot less stable . 
  in long and short run greece leaving eu and not just euro be a lot better for eus image . 
  i think the last part contains an error ? 
  you seem to contradict yourself . 
   technically is the keyword here . 
  where there is a will there is a way . 
  yes , i used it to imply that . 
  as / u/nourek added , if both parties can find an agreement it can be done . 
   country exiting euro is far less damaging to the image of european stability than a country exiting eu . 
  it is so on the short term . 
  not sure on the long term though , the euro has had goals and a reason it was adopted , that reason was not to be a currency to half the eu and have members move in and out , that reason was to construct a federal european state . 
  there comes a time when non-euro countries will take in an associate position outside the political union that would become a federal government , that is if europe will progress as intended . 
  of course that means a grexit is moving the wrong way . 
  only this is not liberalism . 
  it 's very close to communism if you wish to define it on the political spectrum , the ussr had similar quota 's for women and minorities . 
  a liberal would believe that equality through equal opportunities would suffice , affirmative action is not part of that , it 's more like the exact opposit to liberal principles . 
  however it 's unlikely that besides the default , the banking crash and new currency , all other will remain equal . 
  if investments drop even further , after a bankrun more money leaves the country , and other consequences reach deep enough ( increase in unemployment , drop in wages etc. ), 
  they 're not likely to sustain that surplus . 
  i 'm not sure you read my reply . 
  once capital controls are imposed they practically leave the eurozone , they do n't have to touch treaties though . 
  they can remain in a limbo and issue a parallel currency until they 've got their ruines cleared . 
  also the problem is systematic and the problem is in the eurozone , the problem is n't greece . 
  you ca n't have a currency union without a fiscal union . 
  under a fiscal union greece would be compensated sufficiently . 
  once capital controls are imposed they basically leave the eurozone . 
  it 's likely they wo n't touch treaties and just remain in a limbo with a parallel currency . 
  the ecb has no choice , financing the banks beyond that point is akin to financing the state , a practice that the ecb is n't allowed to perform by current treaties . 
  even in the current qe program the ecb buys government debt from banks , not from the state , because they are n't allowed to . 
  those bonds would in the case of greece be completely worthless if they default , and the ecb requires collateral under the ela , which comes in the form of greek banks holding greek state bonds . 
  all the existing collateral would also evaporate . 
  so there 's no way greek banks would be able to recieve ela beyond that point . 
  and imagine those banks being liquid through ela funds covered by greek state bonds . 
  it 's a card house . 
   and as you said , an exit from the eurozone does not necessarily require an exit from the eu . 
  actually it technically does . 
  because there are no existing ways to exit the eurozone , while the lisbon treaty does allow the exit from the eu . 
  personally i find it more likely they 'll exit nothing , and just start issuing a parallel currency and try to clear ruines to eventually return to the euro only . 
  at least that 's probably what the ` elite ' would envision , though it would probably not sit well with the public . 
  the guy is n't even a european looking at his post history . 
  perhaps that prospect will make them think twice about a grexit . 
  i gamble either the ez or ec will hand out a loan the size of the payments due . 
  actually our leaders sold * us * out to ( inter ) national bankers , and unfortunately people blame the greek citizenry for the ruines they created , and the same leaders not only tried to cast the blame on the greek population , but also make them suffer for it . 
  i indeed believe that if greece leaves , the eurozone is done for . 
  we 're facing the effects of a systematic deficiency of the currency union , and if we 're going to ditch members in the name of ignorance for that , there will probably no longer be a way back . 
  i hope that if that happens , the eurozone collapses swiftly , instead of slowly disintegrating . 
  what 's absurd is that you 've a bad case of rustling jimmies . 
  i 'm very sorry for that , but i 'll go with statistics unless you 've some other concrete evidence to add besides hot-air . 
  or perhaps sweden indeed has a worse rape problem ? 
  the odd thing is , i understand they really want the rafale , i do n't understand why they buy 36 of them and use another handful of airplanes . 
  it makes no sense . 
  instead of buying 30 of that , 50 of that and 100 of that , why not buy 200 of one . 
  let 's the army combine training , maintenance and logistics . 
  i ca n't imagine that this works efficient . 
  to clarify , they currently use sukhoi su-30 's ( in different variants ) , mig-29 's , mig 27 's , mig 21 's , hal tejas , mirage 2000 and jaguars . 
  quite an airforce , especially because different models do overlapping duties . 
  2 or 3 models would be sufficient . 
   what about the netherlands , they contribute a lot ? 
  we 're always screwed when it comes to contributions . 
  we 're too willing to give away money , so many countries take advantage of that and exploit us . 
  this year people will be donating their 13th month ( vacation extra ) to the eu because they changed the calculation method to make us pay more ( 1,1 billion euro initially , another fine may be upcoming ) until we say a big ` fuck you , let another pay for once ' people will be exploiting us . 
  for infrastructure most probably , the hinterland of croatia is not yet a member , i gues they 'll be recieving tons of money once serbia and the gang start joining . 
  it has been the eu 's goal to connect city 's in europe through highways and railways , eastern europe is full of eu financed roads , very neat ones . 
  there you go ;  in 2013 the taxpayers of croatia contributed to the european union 7 euros per head over what they received . 
  [ 1 ] ( http://www.money-go-round.eu/country.aspx?id=hr&amp;year=2013&amp;method=gdp ), 
  i gues [ you 're right ] ( http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/direct-purchase-of-36-fighters-will-alter-original-rafale-deal/articleshow/46884650.cms ) , i stand corrected then , though it apears to be 36 instead of 34 , 
  except it 's europe , at most people have a pellet rifle or bugshot laying around . 
  not everybody works in science in engineering , neither is it the only career field , thus it impedes their opportunity . 
  they 're not forces to , consequence is that we segregate schools so that they do n't harm those that do speak dutch at home . 
  they 're just more likely since it impedes their opportunities . 
   indonesians used to launch several terrorist and hostage attacks back in the 1970s ?
