   a club in which anybody can opt-out anything is just a mess do n't let perfect stand in the way of good . 
  you ca n't always have it as you want it , and you may loose it all by trying to . 
   not if the matter has influence in all the other states as well yes it should , * always * . 
  if that harms the other states , then it should ` vean opt-out of that particular policy . 
   effective does n't mean authoritarian . 
  no it means ruled by the larger nations . 
   eu is what it needs to be to suite the interest of its people . 
  as said already by someone else the eu is a continuing evolution that is not what it needs to be . 
  it needs to be a free trade area and that 's it . 
  will i suspect . 
  there 's always an excuse if people are looking for one , but if people wanted to solve a problem they would n't be withheld by some laws , neither would they discuss pedantics . 
  i think many states hoped , in the early hours , that italy would find a solution of some sort , and essentially thought ` let 's sit this one out for now ' . 
   s'not our fault though , is it ? 
  not it is n't . 
   you ca n't say that we have to take in every migrant who makes it to libya just because libya ca n't feed them . 
  you can ; t , and we should n't . 
   if they ca n't get food there they should n't go there in the first place . 
  our job is to stop them making it to europe , and that 's what we should do . 
  we should 've acted right when shit started . 
  we should have send the first boat right back to where it came from , and the second , and the third . 
  half of the migrants would n't be in libya if we did just that . 
  the part where , if we disrupt the supply line , there will be a congestion on the libyan coast . 
  we 've looked the other way for too long . 
  people wo n't stop coming to libya even if we manage to stop them there , and it will become problematic to feed 2 or 3 million refugees in libya , a country with a population of 6 million people that the french have recently bombed to oblivion . 
  bicameral , there should be a parliament , where every nation has about the same amount of seats where they elect their own representatives . 
  ( for example , france has 20 seats , ireland 15 ) or somethingvery close to each other . 
  the senate should be the council of ministers , however the ` commission ' should not be appointed nor elected by national governments , but directly from this new ep ( bu this new european parliament will not use a first past the post system like some states do , and after elections , they will form a coalition with a majority of seats . 
  not one minister per country , not a minister proposed by the council , but chosen from among the ranks of the ep for his or her competence . 
  because all memberstates now roughly have the same amount of seats , they have an equal opportunity to a ministrial post . 
  without the council involved in the forming and choosing of a commission there would be a different political dynamic . 
  this system will be temporary until voter turnout across europe has reached sufficient levels of participation . 
  we will then see an independent european political landscape alongisde the national , the challenge will be to attract attention , interest and participation from the public by now longer looking to brussels through the eyes of the national government . 
  however this european government should have a clear and outlined field of operation . 
   you say it will not be fair for bigger nation to have more power than small ones , but also consider that if for instance luxembourg uses veto , then it will mean that the value of a vote of a person from luxembourg is much higher than the vote of a german . 
  is that fair ? 
  yes that is fair , and how it should be . 
  luxemburg is a sovereign state , and as such it has the final say in what happens inside its borders . 
  these people do not want paris or berlin to decide over them . 
   i believe that the council is simply inefficient in taking decision , it is slow and often the decision are half decisions , and thus ineffective . 
  that 's the next best thing after having no council . 
  the council is n't meant to be effective , because nobody wants a 4th reich . 
   in a nation the executive power is held by the winning party , not by a number of representatives one for each region . 
  that 's up to the nations to decide for themselves . 
  the eu is n't a nation . 
   whoa we certainly do not have the same idea of a federal europe . 
  who has anyway ? 
  everybody has their own idea at this federal europe . 
   com on public security ? 
  like the eu battle corp or nato ? 
  it seems there 's some translation error , public security is this ;  public security is the function of governments which ensures the protection of citizens , organizations , and institutions against threats to their well-being -- and to the prosperity of their communities . 
  [ 1 ] so welfare checks , unemployment insurance , state pension etc. 
   common pension ? 
  i do n't know maybe , maybe not . 
  everybody will want a piece of the dutch pension pot . 
  it will come , especially since the state pension will probably become one with the converging fiscal policy , and the dynamics of an optimal currency area . 
   common federal budget ? 
  dah that is the definition of federal budget : / it may sounds very simple , but that budget will include things like aducation spending , military spending , healthcare etc. 
  certainly subjects that 's bound to spark debate . 
   common tax . 
  we already have eu taxes ( ridiculously low , think the lowest you can and it 's still even lower ) and if you think of the sum of all taxes of course it 's not gon na be common , even in the us taxes of nyc are not the same as taxes in vegas . 
  i 'm not talking about a common rate everywhere.obviously we will need transfers , people in belgium wil need to pay more so that people in portugal and greece can pay less . 
  but there will be a common tax scheme . 
  taxes paid directly to the federal budget we do not have that yet in anyway . 
  the budget is funded by direct payments of all states based on some calculation of gdp . 
   common police ? 
  never heard of that idea before . 
  we can leave the everyday police to the country/region/canton just like it is now . 
  most of it yes , but we 'll need something coordinating that eventually . 
   common language ? 
  this one is the wrongest of all . 
  the eu is based off multiculturalism and will never ever impose a language . 
  all of their action and everything they said point in that direction and they repeatedly proclaimed that they wanted to protect all european language . 
  there will be a common language , the local languages will still be used , but eu-immigrants will be able to use the common language , eventually that will replace all smaller languages . 
   ok i 'll repeat the big important point the eu is based upon multiculturalism and will fight to prevent smaller ethnicities from disappearing also we have a balance of power such that even combining france uk and germany we are still not at half the population so they ca n't ally to do what they want . 
  furthermore the overwhelming majority of decisions in the eu is made not on majority but on consensus . 
  right now , but the current situation is said to be untenable , so it 's bound to change . 
  what else is there ? 
  we pay 50 % of our income to the state . 
  if we need something , the state should help the very same people that are/have been funding it . 
  that 's where we pay taxes for . 
  and everytime instead of dumping half our annual income we ask something in return , we should n't have to work slave jobs for it . 
  it is n't even their money . 
  this is a case of manners , norms and decency , and how we treat each other . 
  yes it 's completely bullshit . 
  a friend of mine has been working for 10 years non-stop now , every month bringing about 40 % of his income directly to the state , and most of the rest while spending it . 
  after all these years he bought a nice new car , lost his job because of the crisis , asked for a welfare check , got refused because he first needed to , literally , `` eat his house and car '' . 
  ( sell car , spend money , take mortgage 100 % on house value , spend it ) when he had spend everything he had build up , he would recieve a welfare . 
  consider you 've been working for this state for 10 years , paying 1000s of euro 's for taxes , and the first time you ask something back you 're screwed over . 
  things have really taken a turn for the worse here . 
  i gues only time will tell us . 
  currently the core activity of the ec is the common market , so politically leaving the eu and moving into the eea indeed would n't make much of a difference . 
  however , once we 're starting a federation , we will be talking about a common public security , common pensions , common education , common federal budget , common taxes , common military , common police , common language etc. 
  the difference between the eea and eu would become enormous over time . 
  in one case you just become a province , heavily ruled by germany and france , culturally assimilated by those more numerous ethnicities , and in the other you remain a sovereign state as you are currently . 
  that earthquake problem is n't specifically tied to fracking , but to drilling alltogether . 
  groningen for example is currently [ plagued with earthquakes , ] ( http://www.thorhelical.nl/wp-content/uploads/2013/11/aardbevingen-groningen-scheurherstel-scheuren-huis-schade.jpg ) and increasingly strong ones , up to the point they are cutting production currently . 
  that depends because the current situation will not last , if we 're moving towards federalization , i would vote to leave . 
  then the eea may be a tempting choice . 
  part of the free movement/trade area , but not of the european federation . 
  i think guy verhofstadt said something along those lines .
