  things have really gotten out of hand because of inept decision making . 
  there 's no solution in the current legal framework . 
  so either we bare witness to what happens here and let the situation overpower us , or we start discussing wether current laws and rights are due for an overhaul . 
  we ca n't keep them , and we ca n't send them back . 
  we ca n't change the fact that we ca n't keep them , so we need a way to send them all back . 
  combined we are n't equal either . 
  that 's because we would need a lot more resources than the us to become equal , which we do n't have . 
  it 's the region . 
  africa , the m-e , russia , europe is a fortress in the middle of nothing but trouble everywhere . 
  yup , some extreme leftists on here draw an hyperbolic straw man out of every sentence that could in any way be interpreted as anti mass-immigration . 
  we wo n't have stature either way , i do n't believe that to be our priority either . 
   the question is not whether you 're going to lose self-determination . 
  indeed that was never the question , only you made it by misinterpreting my comment . 
   it 's taxed and it employs people . 
  transport service is economic activity too , even if it 's not glorious . 
  that 's why i said transport services could only honestly be included . 
  but reading ... it 's not your strongest point . 
   hahaha . 
  so you exit a union and count on a notoriously uncompromising ex-member to form a new one right again ?!, 
  a ` new one ' is implying we should make something similar to the eu . 
  which was never the purpose , but nice straw man none the less . 
   why would you assume those other countries would be waiting to fullfill the needs of the netherlands , and why would that not result in the netherlands becoming `` irrelevant '' in exactly the same way ? 
  because it makes sense for them . 
  it gives norway and the uk as well as us leverage over the eu , while we can pursue our own goals . 
   you 're going to `` work with the us to gain influence globally '' ? 
  tell me , are you going to blackmail the president to let you order their army around ? 
  working with is not the same as controlling a partner . 
  another straw man of yours , we 're just working with the us literally , obivously they 're the ones at the wheel , which is fine . 
   not even the uk has influence on the us , and they 've been fantasizing about their special relationship for half a century . 
  of course not . 
  but we don ; t need influence on the us . 
  we do n't have it now either , and even the eu is just a dog on a leash for that matter . 
   no , really , do you think that a dozen farts worth of natural gas - a nonrenewable resource - gives you any leverage at all ? 
  of course . 
  just look at russia , the eu theoratically has the overweight , yet it 's acting like its bitch . 
   besides , the netherlands are a net importer of energy - 30 million barrels of oil equivalent . 
  we produce twice as much gas as we consume . 
  obviously we are a net energy importer , because rotterdam has the largest oil refinery in the world , importing an annual amount equal to germany . 
  and you gues where that 's going . 
  economic destruction by a faultering monetary union ? 
  he said that you should return to / r/european where he said you belong , and the people like you are . 
   first of all , we 're talking about a long-term vision here . 
  or so * you * would have us believe . 
  sounds to me like the daydreaming of a teenage marxist . 
   second , you do realise that which competencies go to which layer of governance is a subject of negotiation , right ? 
  how many common grounds can you name ? 
  it would boil down to only trade where ( almost ) all would agree , and we already have body 's for that . 
  ( wto )  your fears that `` evil muslims will impose capital punishment for gays '' are as ridiculous as they are unfounded . 
  nice straw man , much hyperbolic . 
  to elaborate on your ` ridiculous ' and ` unfounded ' blabberish , there are currently 400 million people living in islamic countries where they have the capital punishment for gays . 
  that 's more than the population of the us , australia and canada combined , and that 's excluding those that hand out life in prison or in excess of 10 years . 
  for as far as your ridiculous and unfounded straw man goes . 
  we 've had close relations ever since the us war of independence , i do n't expect that nearly 3 century old alliance to be going anywhere soon . 
  california and texas are part of the same country , so irrelevant as a comparison . 
   you 're the one talking about self-determination and control . 
  that is one 's interest . 
  i was talking about the reason to give away self-determination so as not to lose it . 
   that is one 's interest . 
  if you prefer to talk about interests , most of the trade we have with germany enters in the east , and leaves in the west shortly after . 
  that 's not real trade , you could only honestly classify the service we deliver by transporting these goods as trade . 
  the movement itself is worthless , yet still in the statistics . 
  also germany is a regional power , europe is declining in every sense of the word , the future is outside of europe , also for us , the us is a global player which makes it very important to us . 
   the eu is not annexing anyone , and a small country near a giant has little influence - so the netherlands will actually have more control over its own fate within the eu . 
  certainly feels that way . 
  it is n't our union , we 're irrelevant to the eu and that 's how we are and will be treated , we will not have more control over our own fate within the eu , only less . 
  if we where to leave together with the uk , we could form a political union with norway and the uk . 
  together we would be a very important energy supplier of western europe . 
  that way we can secure much more influence over the eu , while working with the us to gain influence globally . 
   i 'd rather have a globalised world with a global parliament and proper democratic institutions in a hierarchy of regional layers i have a hard time imagining how that will work out . 
  especially with the majority for capital punishment , and against lgbt rights , religious fundamentalism , and all other issues . 
  perhaps it has n't dawned on everyone that the world does n't share western values , and that the west is only a small piece of the global population . 
  for example , there are twice as much muslims on this planet as there are people living in the eu and us combined . 
  and as a relative share , we will keep declining . 
  so no thank you , i rather have regional governance . 
   `` better '' is the wrong word . 
  germany and the netherlands have a very big overlap of national interests , that 's why these two countries usually vote together in the council . 
  the netherlands and the us also have a very big overlap of national interests , and we are an international trading country , and the future of the world is outside europe . 
  germany is a regional power , the us is a global power , we will increasingly need the us , and germany will decline . 
  actually i have , more than once . 
  i love the country . 
  but you 're the only one talking about interests , so the relevancy is questionable . 
  regardless , you can pursue economic interests without being annexed . 
  i was n't talking about trade interests . 
   to a certain extent , we share all these things . 
  no , we share none of these things . 
  the only thing that we share in history is that you invaded us , we had to fight for independence against spain , we fought numerous wars against the uk for world domination , and had to repel the occasional french conquest , etc.etc . 
  for the others . 
  notice the ` us-them ' . 
  in addition i do n't speak german , i do n't feel european , and there 's no such thing as a european culture , only culture * s * . 
   but for completeness , switzerland , canada or india are also federation with different languages and varying identities . 
  but there 's a major culture above each and everyone . 
  we do n't have that on a european scale . 
  eventhough canada is a better example with quebec , it 's still not comparable to europe . 
  but sure that can be created , the current ones where created once , but the problem is that many are created by historic events we are either not going to perform anymore ( war , genocide , colonization ) , or just by events that never had the goal to shape them but just the side effect , as it would as a goal on itself not have succeeded . 
   anyway , it 's still not a convincing point . 
  i do n't really care what convinces you , it 's not my intention to convince you . 
  just sharing my view with you after you shared yours , suit yourself how you reconcile it with your own view . 
   give me 200 years of `` european statehood '' and you 'll have your history , language , culture , identity . 
  chicken , egg . 
  i 'm sorry i wo n't be around that long .
