  yes indeed it will be an inspiration . 
  hundreds board an overcrowded vessel in the morning with thousands who are waiting to do the same looking at them , and a day later the same boat returns with the hundreds departing the vessel again . 
  this will inspire many of these people , though perhaps not in the way you meant it . 
   this part of the voyage is not the biggest hurdle and it wo n't ever be , as such it will never work as deterrent in the sense this campaign and you believe it to be . 
  it will not be a part of a voyage anymore . 
  wether it acts as a deterrent is n't that interesting , if they enter a ship , then we tow that ship back , rinse and repeat . 
   all that aside , even if it turned out to be somewhat successful , how long do you think until alternatives arise ? 
  an alternative will arise , but i suggest the next time it does , we wo n't be debating this issue for 4 years until we do something , but we act right away , and in a matter that is consistent with what we 've been doing just before . 
   libya is n't the only country with issues and a coastline , corruption and instability plague algeria , egypt , morocco and tunisia as well . 
  in the face of such odds even relatively stable countries like turkey are turning a blind eye to the mass of people fleeing for greece and bulgaria . 
  but libya is the one with the biggest issues and the biggest coast line . 
  the murderers of charlie hebdo where being monitored by the french intelligence agencies , they where well known terrorists . 
  don ; t worry the population is still growing each year . 
  the natives will be mostly dead though , the majority of the population will be arab/maghreb and sub-saharan . 
   on what basis do you come to this conclusion ? 
  has the harsh border control of the us , legitimatising even the use of lethal force , deterred migrants from latin america ? 
  i do n't know how much times i need to say it , but people make it across from mexico to the us , so there 's a risk , and a chance to make it . 
  luckily a land border , especially one of that size , is completely different than a sea . 
   has the vastness of the sahara desert , being at risk of dying of thirst , starving , getting lost , or getting abducted by militants and traffickers alike deterred the hundreds of thousands of people ? 
  there we go again , same riddle , though you still do n't comprehend it , the sahara is dangerous , but many , probably the majority , make it through . 
  as long as people think it 's worth the risk , they 'll make the trip . 
   as previously , said , as long as there is a veeeerrryy slim chance , desperation drives people onward and even when there is no chance , some will never stop . 
  but the goal does n't have to be 0 migration , any decline is a step in the right direction , and as such it will be a chain of actions and reactions we will need to guide along that path . 
  and we will see vast declines for europe if we execute this . 
   the risks with the boats are well known , yet people take that risk , even those who are not displaced refugees and as long as there is a slim chance , it wo n't change . 
  we 're not talking about risk-benefit anymore , we 're talking about a situation where nobody makes it . 
  the reason why they keep coming is because there 's a chance of succes . 
  take away that chance , and many will stop coming . 
   anyone coming to libya wo n't remain in the country , because of obvious reasons and routes of the country via land are controlled and/or blocked . 
  then we 'll find an adequate response to any new openings . 
  the migration flows will have shrunk now that less economic migrants come , and legit refugees are invited . 
  the advantage is that after libya , they 'll be entering more functional states , states that are capable of cooperating more with us . 
   that 's a naive thought merely hard soil under somebody 's feet is necessary for satisfaction . 
  i might add the same thing about the thoughts you share , but i do n't , i suggest you follow that example , or move along if you 're not capable of having a decent conversation . 
   explain to me how this is a solution ? 
  delaying an issue does not solve it . 
  they do not make it to europe , smugglers have nothing to offer , people looking for work know it is n't worth the risk . 
  only refugees remain , after that , europe will set up administrations where people can register in libya and * invite * refugees . 
  people will be processed in libya , every month we will allow x hundred people in of the most dire people in need , and ship them with our navy . 
  giving us full control of the situation , the migration flows become much smaller , security risks decline , and everybody is happy . 
   he should have cooperated with europe ? 
  europe never had any kind of solution about this what the hell are you talking about ? 
  europe has proposed operations much closer to the italian coasts , but italy wanted to pick them up right of the libyan coastal waters . 
  making the italian navy a glorified ferry service to europe . 
  yes , that causes problems as we see now , and unfortunately this affects the entire shengen area . 
  europe has indeed never had any solutions , because there are no solutions except one ; tow all boats back to where they came from . 
  you gave an answer to a question that was n't asked . 
  waste of time . 
  renzi is partly responsible for this crisis , as many have warned him in advance . 
  maybe he should 've cooperated with europe before executing his own policy on which european states did n't agree , and that has now caused the severity of this crisis . 
  this is not so much a ` out of sight , out of mind ' matter as much as it is a ` told you so , now take your responsibility ' . 
  from a refugee crisis , the situation has changed , where libyan company 's are essentially replacement of visa 's and just become boat trips to seasonal labour in europe , completely undermining the european systems . 
  and these people come here to work , many among them are children send by their parents to get a job and supply their family in egypt or somewhere else . 
  who in his right mind would send these people to spain where 1 in 4 people are unemployed ? 
  that 's not the question . 
  the french already have 3 of those , the british also have these vessels . 
  so , do they need extra ? 
  you do understand they would also need material to use on it , a crew to man it , capacity to supply it , and a budget to operate it ? 
  ca n't just add any ship to your fleet if you want an effective and efficient force . 
  besides , the qe class fleet carriers , that 's force projection , the mistrals are n't even fit to operate in a high intensity conflict . 
  they 're unarmed and vulnerable . 
  they could , but i do n't think they 're interested in doing that . 
  i would fear more for the regions directly around russia . 
  which one ? 
  that actually sounds like a pretty good idea . 
  the ships are n't armed , let the eu buy them , and deploy them with eu missions , including humanitarian ones . 
  with transport helicopters , trucks and medical facilities they can fullfil a wide range of tasks the eu already does constantly , and become the backbone of humanitarian/civilian missions around the world . 
  would be a nice way for the eu to gain experience too . 
  in turns , memberstates could provide an armed escort for every mission . 
  also currently a lot of european militaries rely on american transport and logitistics for overseas deployment , this could also provide a central capacity to take over that role , making it possible even for smaller nations to contribute to international missions , without needing the us to lift them . 
  oh it 's real . 
  i 'm just interpreting what he 's saying , make of it what you want . 
   the one in germany and the whole european one . 
  can you still call that a democracy ? 
  after all this ? 
   and for europe , we have to stick together . 
  so that germans can spy on europeans even more for the us ? 
   it can \u00b4 t be that selectors are pointed at eu institutions and politicans . 
  normally it ca n't , but it would seem the german government has some other ideas . 
   that should apply for every eu country . 
  sounds all equal and stuff , but let 's call the beast by the name . 
  this is about the german and british government , not ` every eu country ' . 
   europe is for me my community of ( shared ) values . 
  and this values are based in mutual trust and frienship . 
  for you , but european politicians and the elite do not live with alice , in wonderland , like you . 
   does n't mean that there is n't a war fought there . 
  no it does n't , and that 's not what is being claimed here . 
  he says ` real war ' , meaning ` all-out war ' . 
  currently there is a limited war . 
   the us already spends drastically-more than europe ( and france in particular ) does on its military , and has been meeting nato military financing expectations ; why is the us , other than its size , the country that should be expected to finance this ? 
  sure , the us requires force projection capabilities , but it 's also already arranged for those to be met . 
  because other navies do not need this capacity ? 
  progress ? 
  if the russians really wanted to , they would n't be fighting for a mile here and there , they could be standing in kiev in a few days . 
  no , because that 's not ` your own ' territory . 
  if germany invades and annexes k\u00f6nigsberg or pieces of western russia it held before , then you may take ` your own territory back ' . 
   i 'm saying that the nature of these conflicts is very different . 
  the nature of these conflicts is indeed different . 
  the chechen war was a civil war violently squashed by russian fascists , the ukraine war is a military invasion and a war between two countries . 
   that is your opinion , from my point of view it is not enough , it will not stand the challenges of the modern global world and vice versa is yours .
