  of course it 's all hypothetical and meaningless . 
   it 's called the defence force because its only job is national defence , so that 's exactly what i 've been saying . 
  denmark however has some capability beyond that . 
   denmark has to try to defend greenland and faroe islands beside their home waters . 
  against what ? 
  operable as in overseas . 
  i 'm not sure what you say in that term , but it was a reference to it 's lack of ability to operate overseas . 
  active as in not participating in international missions , thus no experience . 
  it is n't either . 
   or maybe we realized we did n't need 60 damn fighterjets when we only use 8 at a time and the f-35 will be manufactured and maintained by a joint program in italy . 
  ah , that 's why even the algemene rekenkamer puts some serious doubts at the number . 
  this does not put much trust into the judgement . 
   why do n't you look up the tv broadcasts or the reddit discussions from back then ? 
  when i say `` fairly fucking obviously '' i mean it . 
  you 'd have to be pretty deep inside an echo-chamber to have experienced it differently . 
  i do n't watch a lot of tv and wasn ; t on reddit at the time , i was n't even in the netherlands when it happened , but perhaps mr. loud mouth could step of his high horse , and calm the fuck down ? 
  who the hell do you think you are , idioot . 
  given their location , the one that controls the sea will be the victor . 
  that will obviously be denmark . 
  does n't matter if finland has 300k or 500k reserves , if they have no ability to bring them a shore 100km 's out in sea , they 're irrelevant . 
  and in that stand of , denmark is the one that can deliver blows ( insurgents , missiles , coast attacks etc. ), 
  whle finland can only wait and try to repel whatever is thrown at them . 
  so the us is fine with it , germany is fine with it , the uk and france ; not a word , yet we should lecture them ? 
  it would be different if we where the only supplier . 
  denmark has a huge naval overweight , finland is no match for denmark , both could n't mount an invasion , but finland would loose such a stand of as denmark has far more capabilities . 
   you 're right that the f-16 needs to be replaced soon . 
  and it will be replaced by about half the amount of operable planes we have currently . 
  considering at any given time there are always a few in maintenance , qra , training etc. 
  that would n't leave a lot of operable planes for ( multiple ) missions/intervention . 
   the majority was fairly fucking obviously against military intervention . 
  were you living under a rock ? 
  most people around me where in favor of intervention . 
  but then again , neither of our direct neighbourhoods are representative for an entire country . 
  which is why i left it in the middle until i see some kind of poll , and even then it all hangs in the question . 
  if you would ask anyone `` would you support invading ukraine to retrieve everything ? '', 
  they would mostly say no , if you would say `` would you support any measure aimed at an immediate rapid and respectful recovery of all the remains ? '', 
  many would likely say yes . 
   it 's just tasked with national defense unlike most others that prioritize international crisis management . 
  that is what i was saying . 
  the finnish military capabilities are irrelevant to anyone but a russian general thinking of invading finland . 
  ( unless the swedes plan on the same thing of course ) this is why it is n't in the position to be compared . 
  the dutch airforce is currently bombing is in iraq , frigates are fighting pirates in somalia , opv 's are fighting drug trafickers in south america , one of the lpd 's is assisting nepal , the airforce is using apache 's and chinooks to assist to french in mali , and there 's a intelligence mission in car etc. 
  any army that can pull that off is in an entirely different league than the finnish army , and therefor makes an ill comparison . 
  we would be winning , if the sea gains ground ? 
  what ? 
  if it is n't the germans that come , last time they did n't leave a bike behind . 
  it seems you 've ran out of arguments . 
  really , where is it operating and has it been operating recently ? 
  does it have any airlift or naval capability ? 
  no actual combat experience even i presume ? 
  the only nordic country with a respectible army is denmark . 
  the failing economy seems to be what we have in common , we 're both in this disastrous currency union . 
  but finland does n't have an active or even operable army , so does n't pose much of a comparison . 
  we where oppressing and torturing , even worse - executing , them not 67 years ago . 
  whatever it is you might fear they would use it for , we just might not be the right people to tell them about it . 
  consider with this the complete modernization effort of the indonesian armed forces included missiles from france , apaches from the us , artilery pieces from brazil , helicopters from britain , and ifv 's from germany ( and now , because we did n't want to , also german leopard 2 's ) . 
  yet we felt like the ones to complain about their human rights . 
  that 's an extreme left sentiment in my book , if only by it 's sheer naivety and hypocrisy . 
   you 're trying desperately to make it out like we do n't have a modern and capable army and airforce , but we do . 
  desperately trying ? 
  i do n't need much to show that , certainly do n't need to desparately try . 
  the army does n't even have tanks , what army does n't have tanks ? 
  estonia , latvia and lithuania , hardly the examples of what you call a ` capable army ' . 
  also the f16 's are hardly modern given the current age and time . 
  the only thing in our armed forces that has a bit prestige left is the navy . 
  but that wo n't take long anymore probably , the next time they 'll bring up austerity we 're probably ending up without a submarine fleet . 
  our land forces are in a pathetic state , and the airforce is withering away with what dated equipment they have left . 
  an entire replacement of 37 f35 's is also not going to change a lot about that i suspect . 
   we as in `` the netherlands '' , as in `` the majority '' . 
  i personally was in favor but most people were n't . 
  well i have n't seen a referendum . 
  obviously there where people in support , and people not in support . 
  do n't know what the majority was . 
  it can also drive autonomously in reverse , in case the drivers are on strike . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ( it 's ^ ^ ^ ^ getting ^ ^ ^ ^ a ^ ^ ^ ^ little ^ ^ ^ ^ far ^ ^ ^ ^ fetched ^ ^ ^ ^ , 
  and we have no responsibility to our partners to defend them , and you forgot the primary usage of our army is overseas deployment , not national defense , but i gues we could afford another srebrenica if things ever turn nasty . 
  of course we need tanks , let 's be honest here . 
  we just ca n't afford them . 
  during the budget cuts four m-frigates where also scrapped along with the mbt 's . 
  poseidon is gaining grounds . 
  masks and machine guns wo n't help them against an f16 . 
  on the contrary . 
  what we did was naive . 
  consider that we 're talking about the 6th largest economy of europe . 
  luckily you have the us , you do n't want to rely on europe for your security . 
  i asked myself the same question . 
  i think the answer is simple , it can not , therefor we could consider to call it something else than an army . 
  maybe we can change landmacht in armed police force or something . 
  then so it would 've been . 
  do n't they only have a reverse gear ? 
  who is this ` we ' ? 
  there where many people who wanted to . 
  but we could n't technically pull it of , so we where at the mercy of russia . 
  no i would like it had we secured the mh17 crash site . 
  and that we are capable of intervening and facing a higher intensity conflict if need be . 
  if we ca n't do the real deal anymore , not many countries can , and nato becomes pretty irrelevant . 
  you mean not to indonesia , who might have paid a decent price for them , but which was torpedoed by some extreme left sentiments , after which the germans took the opportunity and filled the gap with their tanks ? 
  we are quite literally completely ripped of these tanks . 
  finland bought them because these where under half the price of an upgrade for their current inventory . 
  that 's just bullshit .
