  maybe because of svalberd/spitsbergen ? 
  we 're a signee to the svalbard treaty as it use to be a dutch whaling settlement . 
  because of this we are free to exploit svalbard and its surroundings . 
  then again i do n't know exactly , just a gues , the netherlands is an influential country though , it 's active in many global affairs . 
   integration is just where you end up if you keep cooperating more . 
  not necessarily . 
  integration can be to replace cooperation , instead of cooperation you could set up a central institution or something of the like , bypassing that cooperation . 
  putting power more and more into the hands of the larger states . 
   it answers your concern . 
  democracy requires that the people 's desires are taken into account . 
  it does n't really answer my concern , as whatever democracy requires is n't fundamental to an institution that is undemocratic . 
  what is often overlooked is the fact that democracy * requires * participation . 
  even if the eu wanted to be democratic , it does n't have an electorate that participates . 
  basically , not entirely the same though as you have less rules to follow . 
  we would also contribute less to brussels and save money . 
   more cooperation . 
  may i ask why you specifically picked that idea ? 
  and not ` more integration ' for example ? 
   doing effort to figure out what people want is what democracy means . 
  i 'm not interested in the meaning of democracy , especially since the eu is n't all that democratic . 
  i 'm interested in a more specific approach to the current impasse , does n't have to be democratic . 
  it does indeed . 
  at one point when it is so easily destroyed by others , it does n't really have a right or need for further existence anymore . 
  it 's like darwins ' law , but then for empires . 
  not a pan-european one , but one per every state . 
  there 's still the eea . 
  i do if it goes against a certain country , or several countries . 
  the largest issue i have is the unequal power relation , which means compromise and concensus always revolve around what 4 or 5 countries wants , and the rest will swallow . 
  every single memberstate should have the opportunity to draw a red card at any moment , to avoid being forced around by larger states . 
  consensus and compromise simply wo n't always work between 28 countries , and every state should have the last word over itself in that case . 
  if they reach a compromise , fine , but that 's not always possible . 
  because you speak english , and in germany german . 
  and we tend to use english if not our own language . 
  but we ( ned ) already have the same system too . 
  people who ask for a welfare , first need to work a month or two before they recieve it , and then they 'll need to sollicit oncea week etc. 
  from what i 've heard these are pretty ridiculous jobs . 
  and the thing is , many students are doing them , it takes them a while to get a job after they graduate , and they have lost their student grant , can no longer borrow money , so to pay the rent they turn to the government and end up washing cloths , sticking labels , and cleaning the streets . 
  the most hilarious thing would be if , because you 're obligated to work for your welfare check , they would fire a regular employee because he needs to be paid , who then asks for a welfare check . 
  i agree , germany alone , and call it even with the war debt . 
  the rest of the eurozone countries excluding germany , will then raise a big investment project aimed at seriously reducing unemployment and creating a solid economic foundation . 
   the point of doing by supranational union is so there is compromise . 
  and that is the reason i oppose it . 
  there 's no healthy equal relationship between states for me to support it . 
   if everyone could veto everything this becomes imposible . 
  i do n't care if it 's impossible , if that makes it impossible , we should not have it in my view . 
  so i would say , when we would percieve the divide as a threat , that we should be worried about ourselves , not some common enemy we created . 
  what idea though ? 
  as you just pointed out , ` idea ' is vague and complicated . 
  the term united europe does n't even carry a coherent meaning in the eyes of the public . 
  and how can we say ` the people ' are not opposed to that . 
  maybe they are opposed to what person a interprets in ` united europe ' , but are n't to the interpretation of person b ? 
  anyway , this is a matter of pedantics , what is more interesting is which way should this ` project ' go if we do n't know what people support ? 
  do you want to shape the public opinion ? 
  do you want to ignore the public opinion ? 
  do you want any public/democratic ` interference ' , or just a union for aristocrats ? 
  or will we go the juncker way ? 
   `` we beslissen iets . 
  the survival of the euro is not that certain , and everything can be demolished further down the line . 
  we 've seen empires rise and fall before . 
  i agree though the question is not wether we want a federation , the question has never been wether we want it , the challenge is to pour it down our throat and see that we swallow , and hope we do n't suffocate in it . 
  bless you !, 
  so you agree ` the people want it ' is a baseless statement ? 
  if one country is against , then either it should not pass , or the one country recieves an opt-out . 
  this is a collection of 28 sovereign states , each and every state should have the final say . 
  why not have a referendum about it in every single memberstate ? 
  ` the people want it ' according to politico is not enough . 
   how has this shown itself in the past ? 
  maybe with the recent leaks of the bnd spying on french organisations ? 
  or was the bnd not british ? 
  well if not , perhaps the secret/illegal cia detention centers in poland and romania ? 
  or was the uk in the north west of europe ? 
   yes i think so , in the short run we would be left weaker but britain leaving would allow us to truly reform the union without the usa 's lapdog doing everything in its power to slow the process down . 
  what lapdog ? 
  we have a few of them in europe , germany ? 
  or do you mean poland ? 
  if things start to go that way with the german-franco reich , i sure hope we leave not a second later than the uk . 
   every state having a veto would be the end of the eu . 
  then so it shall be . 
   the eu is too big , with too many competing interests . 
  then make it smaller . 
   unanimity is very rare . 
  we ca n't even all agree that russia invading ukraine was bad . 
  clearly that means we should n't be in a political union , not that we should oppress that what more powerful people do n't like . 
   after that , putin will have a field day dividing the europeans against each other and retake control ( directly or indirectly ) of his former communist satellite states . 
  the real question about this is how long it would take . 
  oh please , tune down on the bullshit fearmongering . 
  putin could n't divide his own grandmother if he wanted to . 
  the only people that are dividing europe are the europeans themselves . 
  that 's demonic !, 
  kill it with fire !, 
  every state should have a veto , otherwise smaller states will be bulldozed by larger states . 
  nothing an anschluss ca n't fix . 
  you 'll need to buy a new flag though , the colours of the current one are a bit wiped out , a tad more saturated blue and red should be sufficient . 
  i 'm not planning on building a 5-star beach resort . 
  they should 've the basics . 
  food , a roof , medical help , showers and clean water . 
  it 's war after all , it will never be fun . 
  i 'm sure we can arrange that if we wanted too . 
  the total runs in the several 100.000 s currently . 
  the netherlands alone recieved 30.000 refugees in 2014 , belgium right there too with 27.000 .
