  in some cases the us standards are higher , but in many they are lower . 
  it 's not realistic to expect the us will increase all their standards . 
  it will be a trade-off , and saying ` we do n't lower regulation ' does n't sound honest to me . 
   the eu has repeatedly stated ~ ~ their ~ ~ they 're not going to lower such standards and regulations for the sake of ttip . 
  that 's fine , it 's just that nobody is going to believe what the eu states . 
  it 's pretty much a ` we from wc-eend advice wc-eend ' situation . 
  he 's talking about the council , the body that has formed the mandate for negotiations . 
  if it 's a mixed competence agreement it will need to pass national parliaments ( and in some cases the senate too ) , a ministrial approval in the council would n't be sufficient for that . 
  and in the current mock-up that wil be nearly impossible . 
  as far as i know syriza said they 'll refuse it , but even here at home , the coalition lost a majority in the senate , and they 'll need a majority there . 
  and this senate has just taken office yesterday , so will be around for 4 years . 
  european politics are increasinly very divided and polarized , that does n't make things easier . 
  also , even without isds , it 's probably still a mixed competence agreement . 
   who says you vote for your local elections ? 
  if you do n't partake in elections you should n't complain afterwards . 
  i do vote in national elections , i also vote in ep-elections , but i was commenting on your expectations . 
  the majority of people do n't vote for the ep , so it is n't a given . 
   both councils are representing the governments of the member states . 
  nope . 
  the council consists of 28 governments , 27 of which i did n't vote for and who do not represent me . 
  there ; s nothing democratic about it . 
   if you think that they are undemocratic then it means that you think the governments of the member states are undemocratic . 
  they are to me indeed . 
  all the governments in the eu except my own are undemocratic to me , i never voted for anyone of them . 
   if your government does n't want this they can veto it . 
  let 's hope so . 
  the treaty of lisbon , which was initially overthrown by a large majority in a referendum and never accepted by the people , has changed voting rights on many subjects in the council to a qualified majority , creating an undemocratic way of pushing through unpopular policies . 
  or the dutch way ; [ patat warmvlees . 
  ] ( http://www.snackkoeriervanleeuwen.nl/files/12093/webshopartikelen/764725/1416934705-foto-1.jpg ), 
   talk some more about how it 's `` legitimized democratically '' . 
  that treaty deligitimized the whole eu with regards to democracy . 
  [ it was ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dutch_european_constitution_referendum,_2005 ) thrown away by a large majority , later to be slammed down out throat in the form of the lisbon treaty without a referendum . 
  who says i vote for the eu-parliament ? 
  the majority of the people do n't vote for the eu-parliament . 
  even so this is the council , which is an undemocratic institution . 
  my government has the right to make contracts with other governments , only they do not want this contract , so that 's case closed and no democratically legitimized process . 
  i did n't live through the nazi-occupation . 
  eventhough it 's common knowledge here that the occupation was our own fault for having neglected our army , not heed the warning , and expected them to respect our neutrality without a stick behind the door . 
  we where n't hit the hardest though , the nazi 's called us a ` brotherly people ' and installed a civil government . 
  nothing comparable to poland or russia . 
  even so during the war nobody fled to eritrea or somalia , after the war neither , the people build the nation instead of running away from it , making it one of the richest countries in the world , among the top 10 largest trading nations . 
  now you can see that i 'll say about eritrea whatever i damn well like . 
  you missed the fact that austria takes in more refugees than the uk , and so does hungary . 
  he is right the uk does n't want to help , he just said it a bit offensive because he 's jealous we could n't do the same . 
  and where are europeans going after we 've imported so many problems that we are a problem too ? 
   you ca n't expect that your neighboring countries do nothing while your national government decide to steal from them . 
  i ca n't , i do n't , and let them do what they think they must do . 
  threatening our sovereignty and democratic system is n't part of that . 
   it 's a steal , even if legal . 
  it 's just business . 
  well then , if we do n't participate in it , we 'll spoil all their fun and they 'll get tired eventually . 
   but these things are exactly what the eu should do . 
  no it should absolutely not do these things , at the very least not with its current structure . 
  this is memberstate business which is in no way able to put up with a flat rate . 
   source ? 
  please stop pretending you have access to this sort of information . 
  its laughable to say the least . 
  america has done a piss poor job of reconstructing iraq and its infrastructure . 
  the only thing that 's laughable is your attempts to compare apples to oranges by talking out of your ass . 
  just some comparison between iraq and libya , iraq had a central government with a large standing army , libya has no central government and no standing army , just some militant groups . 
  iraq has about 6 times the population of libya ( 33 million as opposed to 6 million in libya ) , iraq is 1000s of miles away from the us , libya is only a few hundred miles away from italy , iraq has many populated and fertile regions , libya is for 90 % of it 's land mass desert wasteland , population is centrered along the coast line . 
  the iraq mission involved a huge deployment of boots on the ground and the goal to rebuild the nation after they leveled it and install a new government , in libya airstrikes and insurgency could already achieve a lot and would have the single goal of harming is cells and sabotaging people traficking networks . 
  to simplify , the netherlands is currently operating an intelligence and insurgency mission and providing close air support with apache gun ships in mali . 
  if we can do that , simultanously while operating f16 's in iraq and various other global deployments , claiming italy ca n't in a country closer to them is ridiculous . 
   yes its late , exactly because there is no political impetus , because there is no unified political body that can do everything that is required . 
  as the eu is full of bureaucracy that can be fixed by removing and consolidating towards a single federal government . 
  no , because there 's no will to intervene . 
  would n't be different in some european superstate . 
  if most in the eu wanted to intervene , they would 've done so already . 
  the eu has done operations before , it 's not new to the current administrations . 
   what are you talking about ? 
  please stop with your inflammatory comments . 
  italy spends the most on med patrols and search/rescue missions , more than any other individual member state . 
  no shit . 
  next you 're going to tell me the uk spends the most on north sea patrols and sar , more than any individual member state . 
  whatever that means with only 6 eu states bordering the med in the first place . 
   this is without even including operation mare nostrum , which italy undertook alone . 
  it 's their coast they 're swarming . 
  what do they expect , a pat on the back ? 
   so again what you say is not true . 
  perhaps you could give some valid reasons for that claim then . 
  so far i have n't heard any besides that the eu-state with the longest coastline in the med , shockingly , pays the most on med patrols and sar . 
   i disagree . 
  personally i am of the opinion that with everything combined , there will be large political impetus ( and therefore more resources available to the mission ) to secure european borders . 
  as they would be seen as european as a whole rather than just italy 's borders or greece 's borders . 
  or at least that 's what you and other federalists hope . 
  wether that happens remains to be seen , and more importantly , i find that european superstate a bigger threat than the current refugee crisis . 
   individually we are weary and passive because we are divided , and divided we are weaker . 
  also , europe ( historically ) has done the us 's work . 
  right up until the beginning of ww2 europe was in a better position than america . 
  we are weary and passive because we hope and think we can let the eu do our work , which it ca n't and it does n't , which makes us hope it could and would if it had more powers . 
  also it 's 2015 now , and the us has done most of our work the past years/decades . 
   a laughably unsourcable claim , again i 'll refer you to iraq . 
  a laughably unsourcable ridiculous comparison , again i 'll refer you to my initial remark . 
   the eu is n't doing nothing , its doing something very slowly . 
  thanks to the amount of division between executive bodies and the bureaucracy involved . 
  you sound like a broken record , all europe 's issues are because of the amount of division between executive bodies and bureaucracy involved . 
  what a sober awakening it will be when it turns out that is n't the case , and we 're saddled up with some hideous european superstate . 
  dijsselbloem has already said we 're not going to accept this , although the commission has threatened to force us . 
  but there 's no way we would support this .
