  these tax schemes are a way for smaller states to attract investments and capital flows , without it , everything will go to the large states and we would be suffocated as we would no longer recieve any taxes . 
  then again the eu is only about france and germany , so it 's business as usual . 
  currently there 's about 150 billion euro going through amsterdam through ` mail box firms ' each year . 
  although that 's not including our overseas countries , which luckily are n't part of the eu . 
  tax systems are something for national governments to decide over , elected politicians . 
  the french and german government are neither for us , and this is not a competence of the eu . 
   it would be a drain on our resources regardless of being unified or not . 
  that it would be . 
  but managible . 
   but something you have overlooked though is that we are doing something . 
  it all still needs to get started , the idea is n't even complete yet with ` no end goal ' , nothing has been done yet , and by now , we are 4 years into the refugee crisis . 
  it 's late , and i expect it will not be enough , whatever they come up with . 
   so from this , i would take that the eu as a whole does want to do something ( hence the article and the eu 's plans to attack boats ) . 
  well italy wants to do something , yet only if others do it for them . 
  we in northern europe are pretending to be bankrupt and turning around quarters on defense budget , i imagine there are some different opinions here and there . 
  oh yeah , and we did n't have a vessel to spare , with the current fleet we 're at our operational limit . 
   what i was saying is that without a unified eu , whatever operation we conduct will have less resources available , less political impetus , will be less efficient and in general will be less successful . 
  that is of course correct , but european leaders would still not want an extensive operations even when we have everything combined . 
  it 's just that they 're weary , passive and are use to the fact the us always did their work for them . 
  also , even the us as well as the eu , would be weary to conduct an extensive operation on the ground . 
  since it could tie them to a conflict for quite some time . 
  in any case , libya is a huge country with 5 milion people , italy on it 's own could easily do airstrikes , intelligence and insurgency operations without much hassle . 
  a large contingency seems inefficient and unnecessary to me . 
  and that could be sufficient , or at least would be a world better than doing nothing . 
   if the eu was a unified cohesive unit we might have the resources to actually go into libya and reconstruct the government and its infrastructure/security forces and at the same time root out jihadists . 
  i hear this a lot , but this is all just meager excuses from people with a calimero syndrom , and also the reason why europe never does a thing when it 's supposed to . 
  no we do n't need to have a unified or cohesive force , and individual states have more than enough capacity to act on their own . 
  they just do n't want to , so let 's just for once be honest , and say italy does n't want to do it , neither does the rest . 
  and a unified , cohesive force is n't changing a dime on that attitude , so it is n't a solution . 
  why should they , only costs money . 
  let the russians squander their budgets if it makes them feel better . 
  and now we are all going to cry like a pack of wolves for it ? 
  who cares , perhaps if they cared enough they could change something about it . 
  the original provides this ; http://www.worldvaluessurvey.org/wvs.jsp [ as source . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/377vxe/proportion_of_people_in_europe_reporting_to_be/crkdwy1 ), 
  [ here ] ( http://www.deleeuwsnacks.nl/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/patat_los_bodieboost.jpg ) , eat your patat , you turn into a right diva when you 're hungry . 
  because it houses some large institutions ( like the ecj , e. court of auditors , eurostat , secretariat of the european parliament etc. ), 
  which obviously recieve a lot of funding , and in a country of 500.000 citizens , that 's a lot on a per capita basis . 
  in other words , the statistics paint an incorrent image . 
  i do n't know , but if you cut a potato in angular elongated pieces and fry them it 's called patat . 
  what do you mean ? 
   i agree , the politics and the diplomacy are very tricky here for both the uk and the netherlands . 
  i guess the wild-card here is greece . 
  what happens with greece could have unforseen consequences , which the uk and the netherlands could try and use to their advantage . 
  if things really go south in greece , it 's very much possible it will roll up the eurozone like a carpet . 
  that could have far reaching consequences indeed , it would shake the very foundations of modern europe . 
  but that 's the one thing london and the hague do not agree on , a fiscal union is considered a red line here . 
  while both probably agree that it is fundamental to a currency union , our politicians would 've no problems with a grexit if it takes a fiscal union to avoid it . 
   the dutch position on brexit is a very interesting one . 
  the netherlands , more than any other eu country apart from ireland , is keen for the uk to stay in the eu , to be a strong voice against becoming a federal state , reduce costs and so forth . 
  our interests and concerns are very closely aligned , without the uk as an important member of the eu , there 's nobody to stop the german-french oriented federalism , something that 70 % of the dutch public opposes , as well as denmark , sweden and finland . 
  the hague initially also agreed with the uk to vote against junckers ( dutch ministers even began to mention his problematic alcoholism , and ancient federal background ) . 
  however berlin feared dutch support for the uk against junckers would let other moderately concerned partners consider their position again . 
  in diplomacy , politicians do not go in opposition when there 's no reasonable chance of succes , they would rather nod and save political capital for the next time their voice does have a reasonable impact . 
  so the hague remained in a limbo for very long unclear which side it was going to pick , and it 's ultimate decision could have caused more to follow suit . 
  basically , the hague was given the position of vice-president in the council ( frans timmermans ) , and was also allowed to shape the agenda of the commission . 
  deregulate and less europe is what the liberal party ( largest ruling party ) wanted , and pretty much the same stance as many in britain , and has become the primary goal of the vice president in this junckers commission . 
  but they ca n't buy out dissent for eternity , and if the uk would leave , which would likely speed up federalism , that is bound to lead to conflict with us . 
   personally i do not think that the renegotiation will go far enough so i will vote out . 
  i expect they 'll bury their heels deep in the sand . 
  in the end , the only thing that matters is what berlin wants . 
   in the event of a brexit , the question of a nexit will intensify . 
  at best they would give cameron something to sell to the public , but which ultimately means nothing . 
  however , if he manages to find support in the council , he can achieve things . 
  and theoritically that 's possible . 
  with denmark , netherlands , the new government in finland , but it all depends if he can pull that of . 
  otherwise in case of a brexit and a nexit , it would make sense if norway , the uk and the netherlands , combined the energy supplier of western europe of vital importance to the eu , could create a common body to negotiate a new treaty with the eu , with the terms both sides agree on . 
  no frietjes ? 
   unless you have a house , family , good job and a good car you are most probably unhappy . 
   i mean look at europe in general in even most of germany is only 1/4th happy or so . 
  indeed but they 're german , even a beach house resort or lamborghini could n't compensate that sad fact . 
  oh no it has n't , but the costs where high for merkel , a vice president seat . 
   i can count social anarchism , communism , syndicalism , religious socialism a nuclear weapon brings equality , since we would all be dead . 
  that 's the closest you 'll come to equality . 
   and other ideologies that are for the systems where any social hierarchy and socio-economic differences , classes and socio-cultural or socio-economic stratifications had been flourished . 
  did you even read that sentence before posting ? 
  it makes no sense . 
  it 's okay if you 're not very proficient in english , but perhaps you should n't use expensive words if you do n't fully understand them , and make a comprehensible sentence instead . 
   since inequality is inherent in any liberal system or structure . 
  inequality is n't the same as equal opportunity . 
  equality simply does n't exist , since it would be unnatural . 
  but i understand the confusion if the basic terminology is alien to you . 
  we 'll see , the uk still has partners in europe . 
  the netherlands is closer to the anglosaxon world than to the rest of europe , and cameron will be visiting the hague on thursday . 
  denmark is also pretty eu-skeptic , and copenhagen is his next destination . 
  the new government of finland is also pretty eu-skeptic , he could form a bloc in theory . 
  if the uk does n't succeed to renegotiate the treaties with its partners , i hope we leave too . 
  we 've had enough patience now . 
  that 's what this europe is about unfortunately . 
  not only for us , but just as well for the rest of europe . 
  nope , there is n't . 
  what makes you think it [ does n't ? 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/loaded_question ), 
  it was a joke . 
  just goes to show how important the uk is for europe . 
  they backed of against junckers , i gues you 're right they 're weary in the hague to align with cameron . 
  still , one can hope . 
  they will try to . 
  i hope they do not succeed , the only way to create a working eu in my view is by the hands of the uk . 
  the eu needs change , and it needs discussion , not a german-french fist on the table .
