our former pm on [ a skateboard ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=djqdenbofio ), 
   do n't forget for example that northern mali was completely conquered by many decently armed and numerous extremist militias and france beat them back within a month all by themselves sending ground troops . 
  ( uhum ) are you sure on that ? 
  since the dutch airforce is assisting the french with apache gunships and chinooks combined with an intelligence detachment . 
  is it ? 
  will italy be sending patrol vessels to the dutch caribbean too ? 
  we could use some help there to counter the smuggling business . 
  [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/owyahir.jpg ) is an interesting one . 
  i do n't know what he/she is talking about , but our soil is n't that fertile . 
  it 's fertile when compared to much of the rest of the world , but europe has better regions ( ** ukraine ** , russia , romania , bulgaria ) . 
  [ flevoland ] ( http://www.hollandhiking.nl/jupgrade/images/kaarten/flevoland.gif ) , the 12th province of the netherlands conquered from the former southern sea ( now a lake ( ijsselmeer ) because of the afsluitijk , the longest dike in europe ) is the largest artificial island in the world . 
  we 're experts in land management , but i suspect rotterdam inflates the statistics too . 
   the us is a ` superpower ' . 
  if you put any of these armies next to the us , their armies seem tiny and irrelevant . 
  nothing has been said that contradicts that . 
   none of these armies ( france and britain ) is capable of doing much more than missions in underdeveloped states , fighting against milizias or underequipped armies . 
  actually they are . 
   how is china inferior ? 
  china does n't posses either the global power projection that comes with having islands all over the world , and both the french and british navy are stronger and have a wider power projection . 
  according to whom ? 
   i do know how to . 
  it 's very convenient for you that your geographical location means you 're not the first place refugees try to reach . 
  they land in italy to come here . 
   right now italy 's doing all the work , we 've given rhibs and patrol aircraft from the very start , we 've done our share . 
   and judging by the state of our refugee facilities we 're not prepared to handle such numbers . 
  how 's that our problem ? 
  get your stuff together then . 
   we also get fined if we attempt to send them back . 
  by who ? 
   so , other european countries need to do their part too . 
  why ? 
   want us to continue doing all the work ? 
  sure . 
  but then you must accept to take some of them in . 
  you want to send them back ? 
  also fine . 
  have some ships in the mediterranean , rescue a share of these people yourselves and send them back against international treaties , but it 's your responsibility . 
  we will not stand back and watch these people drown , they 're human beings too . 
  and we 're not barbarians . 
  it 's not really our problem how things are arranged in italy , it 's your coast after all , bare the responsibility for it . 
  we can help , but things will need to come from your government . 
  stop shoving everything to europe . 
  europe ca n't handle anything , nor are your coasts our responsibility . 
  they are superpowers , simply because they are among the strongest armed forces in the world . 
  even china is militarily in many ways inferior to the uk or france . 
  germany is n't indeed , but france , russia and the uk are . 
  people have tried to ` unite ' vast parts of europe countless times though . 
  but the last attempt in the 40s did n't work out well , so they found different means to that goal . 
   people mocking eu for being weak and indecisive is n't something that comes from the kremlin . 
  indeed , because it 's the bare truth . 
   ... but anti-eu propaganda coming from europe itself seems so much more effective and dangerous than russian propaganda to me . 
  criticism towards the eu is n't propaganda . 
  belgium is the political capital of europe , all the eu institutions are high value targets of the nsa . 
   why should we grant them refugee status ? 
  if we grant africans refugee status absolutely , no need to hold double standards because of the skin color people have . 
   they are simply work immigrants . 
  so are the africans . 
   the conflict zone is just a small area in second largest country in europe . 
  nearly all conflicts involve a certain area of a country , and not the entire country . 
  that has never been an excuse . 
  the dutch never really held a colony in africa . 
  de kaap was a commercial possession of the voc and no more than a supply station with some farming lands to feed the ships , the voc never wanted a colony there . 
  stop involving our history in your blame game . 
  if you want to blame anyone , it will be france and the uk . 
  not us , and not western europe . 
  among all the immigrants , there are a lot of people from mali . 
  so it certainly could help stabilizing whatever country we can . 
  you make sure they never land in italy , and offer refugees to apply for asylum in libya without crossing the mare nostrum . 
  you want europe to help yet you have no idea how ? 
  i gues ukranians are n't worth as much to europeans as africans , so they do n't have the same rights here . 
  that 's for passengera though . 
  i was more interested in the advantages for the airport to allow this . 
  uefa should just leave , they hold all the cards . 
  uefa is much more succesful , fifa is one-issue , and without the world champion and pretty much all the world top teams the world cup will die out . 
  uefa hands out invitations for the european competition to south and north america and the rest of western/developed countries and we 'll have our sports . 
  nobody will miss north korea , somalia or russia and the rest of their corrupt gang . 
  that depends on personal preference . 
  in the meanwhile , the us is allocating costs and room to us . 
  it 's their customs after all . 
  i can see why the us wants this , but i 'm still figuring out why european airports would accept that . 
  they seem to be the losing side . 
  but maybe i 'm missing something . 
  i was more under the impression that daesh/is thrives wherever it 's instable , and not that it is the cause of instability . 
  therefor stable states like morrocco should be safe . 
  how would anyone benefit from this ? 
  pvv isn ; t financed by russia . 
  it 's financed by american conservative and jewish organizations and individuals . 
  if the poorest of the poor can afford a 3000-5000 euro boat trip on top of several other organized tours i gues the world is in a better shape than i thought . 
  if we are n't going to distribute them fairly we 're going to see increasing inbalances which will lead to a situation where people will call for shengen to be abolished . 
  then none will have freedom of movement anymore . 
   the only sensible solution here is a refugee camp in africa and not in europe . 
  it would be a good idea , but we would still need to send back everybody before such a thing is going to work . 
  we would need to enforce our policies in order to manage this . 
   the eu is a joke , they ca n't handle anything . 
  waste of time and money . 
  regretfuly i agree , i think the eu is done for and we need a more national approach instead of waiting in a staring contest for who blinks first . 
  this is essentially just a substitute for a visa currently . 
  these people ca n't get a visa , so they take matters into their own hands . 
  many are indeed seasonal workers , or expats traveling through . 
  a lot of youth in search for a job too .
