  because they are afraid and scared . 
  how tragic , we 'll miss them like a toothache . 
  so is n't that the same for the rich countries that are already a member then ? 
  well i would say we also lose more than we gain by being a member , yet here we are . 
  and there are quite some countries left to join . 
  marocco has asked for a membership , but i gamble tunisia would consider it too , so it 's not only the east . 
  that 's a lot of candidates . 
  but why do only very poor , corrupt and instable countries want to join the eu ? 
  why does n't norway , switserland or iceland wants to join ? 
  and if not , does that mean that if we had to choose like switserland or norway , we would n't want to be part of it either ? 
  they do n't have a veto on this subject . 
  to pass this proposal in the council , a minimal of 16 states representing a minimal of 65 % of the population needs to be in favour . 
  if less than 13 states representing less than 35 % of the population is against , there 's not a whole lot they can do . 
  there are some procedures ( 'em ergency break procedure ' ) that can friction/postpone it , but that will not hold unless there are some voters in doubt or something , and some time would persuade them . 
  i find this whole procedure very worrying , and an insult to our democracy . 
   it 's a union , dude . 
  everyone matters . 
  not for me , and as it seems neither for him . 
  stop conforming . 
  this whole process is another reason to consider how the eu should function , and what our place should be in/outside it . 
   your country alone would be nothing for a multinational corporation and it would be so much easier to manipulate your politicians if it were so . 
  we are currently being manipulated ** by the eu . 
  ** our own government held net neutrality just fine , your so called ` big strong union ' however is nothing but a slave to corporate interests . 
   on a continent three times as big !, 
  it may be three times as big , but have you seen how large the sahara is ? 
  europe is a much more furtile land , and so it can sustain a lot more people than africa per km2 . 
  a significant part of africa is desert , which is useless , also a significant part is incredibly warm and has a high humidity , diseases and infections thrive in these conditions , humans do not . 
   so the `` solution '' to an emergency that 's happening here and now is to overhaul an international treaty that involves dozens of countries and touches a subject in which nearly every one of them has deep and conflicting interests ? 
  this immigration crisis is just the start , we will see this continuously now , and increasing all over the world . 
  at some point we will need to update these treaties , best start with it now , nobody has ever profited from kicking the can down the road , although it seems a typical european way of handling situations . 
   no , that 's just burying your head in the sand . 
  you can start a parallel effort to work on the csrs , but that 's going to take years no matter what if you even get some results ; that however does n't do anything to deal with the thousands of people putting themselves out at sea bound for our coasts . 
  then you suspend treaties in the meanwhile . 
  maylasia and indonesia are doing the same thing ( pushing immigrants back ) , so it 's very much possible . 
  also , the netherlands has held it 's back straight , despite being against treaties , and despite the european court of justice ruling otherwise , processed immigrants will not recieve a shelter . 
  the world hasn ; t ended , nuclear weapons have n't been detonated yet , but i 'll inform you when they do . 
   you 'll also note , by the way , that those treaties that can be changed relatively quickly are seeing efforts to do so ; the ec is spearheading efforts to overhaul the dublin regulation , which currently creates a disfunctional system for dealing with refugees . 
  currently creates a disfunctional system for dealing with refugees ? 
  is this supposed to be a joke of some kind ? 
  i ca n't remember the last time europe had a functioning system for dealing with refugees to begin with . 
  then some treaties are due for an overhaul . 
  so it 's very much a solution . 
  laws and treaties aren ; t a law of nature , they serve a purpose and are therefor susceptible to a changing world . 
   it 's not entirely different , in fact it 's a frighteningly similar situation , even more so when you look at the measures put in place . 
  the us has been caught up in a cat and mouse game for the last two decades in an attempt to prevent the inevitable , they apprehend , detain , process and deport the migrants , yet they keep coming and coming , because there is always a slim chance . 
  if there is a chance for a boat to make landfall , it wo n't stop in the mediterranean either and we can never assure 100 % success rate , not only because of moral obligations but also simple due to the very nature of the issue . 
  the only difference it will make is the body count . 
  no it is n't . 
  it 's a sea border of a few dozen miles , it can easily be held . 
  it 's not comparable to a land border of 3145km . 
   that 's the thing , no one asked libya if it wishes for others to fool around in it 's waters , let alone offer viable support to it 's problems . 
  because there 's no authority that controls libya there 's no need to . 
  they ca n't control their waters , that has consequences . 
  if they do n't want us there , then they should be looking after their coast . 
   ... until eternity , what a brilliant mind you are , that does in no way sound like an enormous waste of resources and time , at fucking all . 
  no , they 'll stop eventually . 
  they 're not retarded . 
  and even so , it will be a waste of resources no matter what we do , be it pick them up or push them back . 
  also , the refugees will be invited , so they will register instead of climbing in a boat . 
  the economic migrants will run out of money and patience , and return to their families , leaving the smuglers out of business . 
   it 's not that we do n't have better things to do , things that could actually help a myriad more people and create potential trading partners , which would in return help us grow , while also giving migrants a stable place to stay , no , let 's flush our money down the drain in the spirit of what the us has began years ago , because we are obviously a bunch of dimwitted imbeciles unable to think a year ahead of us . 
  that explains why you disagree with this . 
  you do not want to stop this immigration , but you want to keep these people . 
  we ca n't help these countries , we can not accept this immigration , we do not need this immigration neither do we have room for them nor do we need another burden on society . 
  but this is an ideological stand of you , which , considering you have a bad temper and ill manners i 'm not going to discuss with you . 
   the underlying problem here is not a few years old but dates back to the very market economy the western world has been actively `` promoting '' since the fall of imperialism , undermining so many african and middle eastern nations , especially sub-saharan ones . 
  old mistakes coming to bite us in the ass , there mere increase of people reaching us is thanks to the bordering countries which served as buffer and collection pool have been severely destabilised in the arab spring . 
  no it is n't . 
  the reason they are poor is because of their culture , history , the climate and demographics . 
  has nothing to do with imaginary capitalists coming to scare innocent communist children . 
  it 's their own fault , and seeing as they 're flooding the beaches instead of building nations it 's their fault it stays like that too . 
   for a very obvious reasons , so you wish to scatter the problem along the entire coast of north africa ? 
  so it 's less concentrated , involves more nations , and so increases the chance of managing it , i would consider it yes . 
  of course the problem is already scattered , mainly in marocco . 
   so far i have seen that the degree is useful for ... or teaching gender studies at a college/university . 
  well i gues it 's sustainable that way . 
   i think ( i am not sure ) he 's trying to say that the only way to reduce emigration ( departure ) rate by any degree is by reducing immigration ( arrival ) rate to zero and only zero . 
  well yes , that 's what i 'm trying to say . 
   i am not entirely sure his logic has any basis on reality . 
  we have n't tried it yet , but i would say the odds are high . 
  what we 've been seeing is that because we have made it so easy for them , that more and more with a variety of reasons have now found out this way of immigration . 
  i 've seen interviews in a tv documentary a day or two ago with some of these people , one of them for example a child of 14 years , wants to go to europe because he wants to become a professional footballer , and so his family in egypt send him to europe , and hope he brings some money back . 
  he had no idea where he would be going exactly but `` that depends , football clubs do a lot of transfers '' . 
  there where also two workers from bangladesh who had worked in libya for a while , lost their job , and decided to move to europe to try their luck there . 
  and the list goes on . 
  this is just a replacement for a visa or blue card , people who want to go to europe simply no longer apply for a visa but just step into a boat and go there . 
  so i very much think my way will drastically decrease this immigration , simply because not all of them are even refugees , and not all of them flee for their lifes , but some are just workers looking for a job , or children send by their parents to get some money . 
  if this way is no longer a way , that is to say parents in egypt know their children can ; t reach europe this way , then it 's hard to argue the numbers would n't decrease . 
   which is precisely my point , a vast desert , tight control , the danger of being shot/abused by criminals and border control alike , slim chance of success and high chance of deportation , on top of a long fence . 
  it has not prevented the people from coming . 
  i do n't know why you keep bringing up the mexican border . 
  first of all , the us mexican border is a land border , a land border of 1000s of km 's . 
  i understand you can not stop it there . 
  second , more people cross the us-mexico border per year , then they recently do from libya to italy , third , more people die on the journey to italy than on the mexican border . 
  as you see , this is an ill comparison to make , both because these are two fundamentally different situations , and the dynamic is n't all that different , given that most people that try to cross make it a cross , and only a handful ( relatively ) die , just as in italy . 
   you think people who lost relatives and friends on their journey will simply turn around because there is no immediate boat at hand ? 
  if they 're sticking around in libya , then that 's the problem of libya . 
  if libya needs help and wants to cooperate , we can help them ( send food , medicines , water whatever ) if not , it 's really not my problem . 
   those who reached a boat would still make it across , yes , and reach a tug boat attaching a cable that will be towing them back . 
   anyone who made landfall after that would become a glimmer of hope for the rest , an inspiration .
