  that 's 57.000 for a region the size of los angelos in just a year . 
  the liberal party has also done some calculations , and concluded that for every person that comes here , we could help dozens of people in lebanon for the same price . 
  it 's really all just a sad state of affairs . 
  our military really needs a budget increase . 
  we could easily afford to spend 1,6 % of gdp for example , while still short of the agreed 2 % , it would be sort of a middle road . 
  that would be an increase ofaround 2 billion euro . 
  i 'm sure they could build a couple of additional frigates for that , reacquire some mbt 's , and generally put some improvements through where ever needed . 
  we need to stop pretending like we 're bankrupt - we 're not . 
  sadly we 're not participating , if i read it correct , we did n't have a vessel available . 
   what proper channels ? 
  being part of the unhcr resettlement program ? 
  and being lucky to be invited by a host country in the eu ? 
  that has worked for a couple ten-thousand people from syria at the beginning of the civil war . 
  well that 's more than enough . 
  they do n't need to come to europe to reach safety . 
  the countries in their direct vicinity are far better fit to shelter them , and then we 'll arrange the money , food , medicine whatever these countries need to shelter them . 
  well it 's not just about syria . 
  they come from eritrea , somalia , ethiopia , sudan , mali , car etc. 
  but because we 're not allowed to come in their territorial waters ( only when they can bomb a government because of other , more important no doubt , interests , not for regular business that is - ) and libya , no matter which of the libyan governments we ask , would not accept it if we asked it . 
   it wouldnt be a `` german franco hegemony '' it would be a european federation . 
  its nothing to do with hegemony but everything to do with cohesion and europeanism . 
  if only for the difference in population this will not work out very well . 
  maybe if you break up the uk , france and germany into several chunks that we could think about it . 
   there are benefits for the military , for public services , for education , businesses , fiscal and monetary union of the eurozone could finally be achieved . 
  we ( europeans ) would be powerful enough to protect ourselves and our over seas assets . 
  i do n't see them , i only see them worsening because of the eu/euro . 
  public services and education have been cut away continent wide , the monetary and fiscal union is a failure and a mess , for the businesses the eu has only proven itself to be another layer of bureaucracy and meddling , and as far as military goes , i thought the eu would be a project of peace . 
  oh and the only overseas territories we need to protect are in the caribbean , and they 're safe , thank you very much . 
   it would be sharing absolute authority not giving it up . 
  i guess youd prefer it to be entirely usurped by force rather than sharing it voluntarily ? 
  sharing is next to giving everything up for us . 
  with 17 million out of 500 we 'll be meaningless in your empire . 
  that is as if others will not misuse their powers , causing an even more disproportionate share of power . 
   hmmm , would i prefer to share power with the french through lawfull means with comprehensive diplomatic and political frameworks or would i prefer to be blackmailed and extorted into doing things by china ? 
  you have a very strange idea of the chinese . 
  you should ` leave your conspiracy theories behind ' and start seeing china for what it is , soon to be biggest economy in the world . 
  and as a trading nation we will want very good and close relations to china , no chauvestenic isolationism . 
  i 'm going to leave the rest of the bullshit you spew for what it is . 
  if you want any further reply , try to make a decent comment this time . 
  you do n't like my opinion , that 's fine , but at least have the decency to respectfully treat another view than yours , as hard as it may be for you . 
  no shit sherlock . 
  but it 's our largest neighbouring country . 
   however , what european nation states need to realise is that their absolute authority over themselves is ever diminishing regardless of whether the eu exists or not . 
  rising powers like china and india are gradually increasing the influence over others ( especially weaker nations ) . 
  does that mean a german/french hegemony is better than a chinese ? 
  and what is the logic of this being the reason that we should give up our independence ? 
  `` we need to realise we are losing absolute authority , so let 's give our authority to someone else '' . 
  does n't make much sense to me . 
  besides the chinese are people too , just like the french . 
  does n't matter for us , either we submit to a german-franco empire , or to china or the us . 
  personally i prefer the last two , france and germany already had their chance . 
  venezuela is not a tiny island . 
  yet would be the most likely aggressor if anything ever happened . 
   or we could do both ? 
  we do n't have money for that . 
  just had to cut the student grants past year because we could n't pay for it anymore . 
  other government departments face the same problem . 
  so no , we could n't do both . 
   sure i 'm totally fine with paying taxes for it . 
  because that 's what you do as a country . 
  that 's good for you , i 'm not . 
  and that 's not what you do as a country . 
  i pay taxes so we can build roads , schools and provide healthcare . 
  not for leeches . 
   you do n't have a clue what poverty is . 
  really ? 
  it appears * you * do n't have a clue . 
  maybe leave your castle for once , start in romania and move your way up the list , and tell me how rich we all are . 
   or you can educate those refugees ? 
  the low potential one does n't really have any sense and is n't really logical , what does that even mean and why do you even think that ? 
  perhaps we can educate the people already living here , where we suddenly do n't seem to have money for anymore . 
  i 'm sure that will be more efficient , and considering we 're on a tight budget , a better idea . 
  if in a few years we have money to spare , we might consider learning them something , although i suspect it will never yield much result . 
   the welfare cost would be lower with education and is n't going to be significant for a few thousand people to begin with . 
  so who 's going to pay for that education ? 
  that 's free ? 
  or are you going to pay for that ? 
  and ` not going to be significant ? ', 
  an asylum seeker costs twice as much as someone on a state pension . 
  last year we recieved 30.000 asylum seekers , we could give 60.000 people a state pension for that . 
  hardly insignificant . 
   we 're a rich region that should be doing it 's duty to humanity . 
  we 're not a rich region . 
  half of us are dirt poor , the other half is bankrupt , and the few countries who 's ancestors managed to accumulate some wealth are withering away . 
  besides we ` should ' be doing nothing . 
  whatever you feel inclined you must do , i 'm not part of . 
  i have no duty to humanity , i only have a duty to my family and friends . 
  and if i so choose to help someone , you can bet it will be a person with the sweat of hard work on his back in africa , that will have earned my help . 
  not these people that show up here expecting a made bed to be presented to them . 
  it 's been a clear choice of finland to maneuver in this position . 
  it 's giving and taking , and many countries have n't recieved much help from the finnish , so they do n't feel obligated to return it probably . 
  but most importantly , what would putin gain by attacking finland and , presumably , annex finnish lands ? 
  he would n't do it for the people , as far as i know the average finn is n't madly in love with russia , strategically he would go after gotland before finland , and there 's not much oil and gas going around either , right ? 
  if it would be to tear the eu apart , he would n't need to do it . 
  the only people that are tearing the eu apart are we ourselves , of course they poke in open wounds every now and then , but russia does n't need to do a lot about the eu . 
  well i always expected he would n't invade finland , but would rather look at the baltics , further into ukraine , moldova and maybe even in the former yugoslav region now that that ball has started rolling . 
  they wo n't bring any benefit in these regions . 
  personally i think an attack on finland is very unlikely , the finnish army will be a hard one to swallow , and the circumstances ( a stable , coherent , wealthy state ) would leave little to grasp on other than full military might . 
  indeed , an invader could only lose , lose the invasion or burn in victory . 
  we 've the knowledge , probably even most of the required equipment at urenco .
