  we where completely humiliated with mh17 precisely because we could n't do a thing . 
  without a tank or heavy artilery might as well have no army at all . 
  oh the army wants tanks , they just do n't get them anymore . 
  the dutch are one of the most active countries of europe in international affairs , we do not have enemies around us , but we operate world wide on several locations , constantly . 
  we also have overseas territories , we will need some kind of force to back that up , or change our aspirations on global affairs accordingly . 
  these left service somewhere around 2008 , where catching dust in a hangar for a while and ultimately sold for a penny . 
  we still have tanks by the way , we kept and reactivated 16 leopards 2 's , but the land forces are really reaching a pathetic state of affairs . 
   no , but you can be attacked outside . 
  : argentine , middle east , and anywhere else the uk has business . 
  they can , but that would make no difference as they would recieve no help from europe either way . 
  besides , the uk has the strongest army in europe , the rest of europe is useless to them in terms of security . 
  only france and the netherlands have any significance for a conflict overseas from their european partners . 
  lovely , and now i 'm a traitor . 
  to what exactly ? 
  to you ? 
  how ? 
  i ca n't imagine we ever belonged to the same side on something . 
  the integration is a big part of it indeed . 
  it 's not that i do n't like federations alltogether , it 's just that i do not like many cultures in europe . 
  i mean i do like them - but not in my everyday life if you understand what i mean . 
  i like the french when i visit them , but when i leave i want to return home . 
  i do n't like the extremely chauvenistic side of the french for more than a 3 week holiday , not in my everyday day life . 
  i do n't like the huge german extreme left , and i do n't like the spanish and greek ` man\u00e1na man\u00e1na ' . 
  i like them all when i visit them , i love to meet new people in foreign countries exchange idea 's and experiences , but not to live among each other 24/7 365\u00a01/4 days a year , at least not there . 
  there are countries i could spend a good portion of my life , just not any and all . 
  so i want to live in a country that makes its own decisions , it 's own ideas , and we 're small , we 're efficient , we 're liberal and progressive , we can implement things fast , try things out as the first . 
  yet we 're all drawn into this sluggish bureaucratic monster impeding any local progress , tying us all together in chains `` because we would otherwise fight each other '' , yeah right . 
  yet this is exactly where we have a nationstate for . 
  we want to make things better , more efficient , coherent , modern , we do n't need brussels for that . 
  what the hell does brussels know about us , and what do i care what somebody in hungary thinks of our ideas ? 
  so i do n't like a european federation , or much of anything that is in between . 
  and the further i see our national institutions wither away , decisions , fines and ideas forced upon us by aristocrats and larger states , the more i want to leave this place . 
  i also do n't like the mass immigration , and yet this is another subject where the eu can never agree or achieve anything , and it will not be solved , and when it will , it will not be solved in a way the dutch want it , while the reality is that a huge amount of them come exactly here . 
  but i take my defeat when it is time , there are more people living here and we all have the right to our opinion , vote and view , and if this is what they want to move towards , then i will leave eventually . 
  but i 'm not in a hurry , just finishing up my papers , and i 'll need a couple years experience in my branche before becoming any worthwhile asset on the labour market , and then i 'll see where we are . 
  the same one indeed . 
  netherlands . 
  to express it as a symbol to something else . 
  what i call a ` banana federation ' , where all that should be straight , is actually bend . 
  there where far more illiterates , but the political/economical/diplomatical elite where far more proficient in the same language then they are today . 
  today we use our own language , 2 centuries ago our elite used french , because they all did on that level . 
  and before that , all that was written , was basically latin . 
  so language has become more diversified in a sense . 
  politically that means more divide , while the ordinary people are more proficient in a common language , which basically means the layers switched . 
  not to me . 
  and if it is to you , then admire it at the side of the national flag . 
  probably because if only sweden would leave , they would become a vassal state like norway . 
  they could do it if finland and denmark would leave too , and form a union with norway and iceland , and negotiate separate treaties with the eu . 
  and you 're even downvoted for it ... r/europe seems pretty anti-intellectualist , hope that is n't representative for all pro-eu empire/federation folk , but from the looks of it , it is . 
  by the way , did you know the european com . 
  president before junckers was a [ maoist ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wahv3unxvmm&amp;feature=fvw ) many people in brussels dream of a ussr like system , [ charismatic ] ( http://www.gewoon-nieuws.nl/wp-content/uploads/2014/12/be8ace7c06f5b3647238418883bdf013.jpg ) as they might seem , i do not idolize the same ideology . 
  anyway , give me the us , i like you guys , i much prefer the french and germans to stay on their side of the border , and not throw another attempt at an empire . 
  because that is where this basically will end , we do not agree on subjects because we 're all too different , and the bigger nations will start to throw around their weight in order to achieve something . 
  in the face of this prospect , our independence is the only thing that would shield us from violence . 
  if it 's not already too late , at some point the power-grab will accelerate as undemocratic communists gain too much leverage , and i 'm not waiting for that prospect to materialize . 
  as we are right now yes , which is fine . 
  i like the us , more so than germany or france , so i would prefer the us above a german-french empire . 
  i do n't think so either . 
  the benelux is fine as a political union , we should stay out of a franco-german empire . 
   i just do n't know why you guys signed up in the first place . 
  because the people where never asked nor informed . 
  but it does n't matter , we signed up , but we can unsign just as well . 
  with the current state of the german armed forces , good luck , we could use noordrijn westfalen . 
  our flag is a symbol of independence and unity of the provinces , coloring that in with some ridiculous blue flag is a grave insult to our history , and those who 've build , and fought for the land we live in . 
  so no thank you , keep it in paint and photoshop if it amuses you . 
  my god , what is this monstrosity ... kill it with fire !, 
   the 30 year war . 
  what 's that , precious ? 
  but no muslims did n't cause that , we where quite good at war ourselves , in fact , we would all be muslims now if we where n't . 
  so thank ( all ) the gods for that . 
  why i want to go to the united states ? 
  the country fascinates me , and i 've always dreamt of living there . 
  plus , i do n't like present day europe , and i detest what it is moving towards even more . 
  netherlands , netherlands , united states . 
  i do not rest assured until they are put between 4 walls or a set of bars . 
  inside these walls , they can have as much talk clubs as they wish . 
   please note that helping people de-radicalize is n't the same thing as forgiving crimes comitted . 
  it 's just ignoring them , which is basically the same thing . 
  in south africa they flail these same economic immigrants . 
  they beat them , hunt them down and burn their property . 
  a few days ago they have started deploying the [ army ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2015/04/22/world/africa/south-african-army-deployed-in-areas-hit-by-anti-immigrant-violence.html ) . 
  no it was n't , the point was replacing one oppessor with the other . 
  soviets and nazi 's where two things of the same evil . 
  the european union . 
  they are quite organized , extremely bureaucratic though , luckily they are n't very decisive , they just cause lingering chaos and disjunction of everything that use to work . 
  especially the old communist parts of it are rightly feared . 
  they ordered 48 , promised to eventually buy 80 , and are considering a total of 140 f35 's . 
  we do n't have a us military presence anymore , so the map does n't seem particularly accurate . 
  there 's only an occasional munitions airlift for the shared nuclear arsenal in volkel airbase . 
  hardly a presence . 
  but the question why they are in other countries seems quite simple . 
  this is a pretty smart idea , 3500 dollar is right about the average cost for a trip to europe . 
  israel is lucky they can afford this for them , if other countries could too , they could all make their unwanted immigrants go to europe . 
  it 's not the % in which you are incorrect , it 's just that the minister of defense typically has more to do with the command of the army , besides , some countries have the monarch as head of the armed forces , but in all armies the ministers have limited powers and they do not actually decide much on their own , but rather with the pm/head of state , coalition and parliament . 
  uhm , no they are n't . 
  we already had the benelux before schengen , that was the first common labour market in the world . 
  but there 's still a lot of potential , and the belgium side of the border is n't doing all that well over there . 
  we sold 130 to finland recently , not 60 . 
  20 years ago we still had 500 leopard 2 's .
