  descendants of mongolians who crossed the bering strait as recently as 10,000 years ago . 
  * the ` native ' australians ? 
  arrived from africa 40,000 years ago . 
  * ` native ' austronesians and polynesians ? 
  thought to be a mix of people who hail from taiwan and madagascar and arrived 7,000 years ago . 
  * the formation of every incarnation of china - colonisation . 
  * formation of russia - colonisation * turkey - colonisation every multi-ethnic country is the arbitrary product of imperialism by one group of people over another , and every homogeneous country like china with its han population is the product of colonisation and potential expulsion or eradication of previous ethnic groups . 
  it does n't matter if it occurred in 10,000 bc or 1275 , every single country that has ever existed has practised this natural process . 
  at what point is ` colonisation ' wrong ? 
  there is evidence in many of these situations that these ` indigenous ' groups even displaced the former pre-historic populations of the regions to which they moved . 
  the fact remains that places like australia would be completely unchanged had it had no contact with the rest of the world . 
  the australian aboriginals had n't even developed farming and agriculture practices and essentially remained hunter gatherers . 
  whether you like it or not , it is british and later australian culture and values that had led to the creation of the paradise nation that australia is today , with a strong hdi and large gdp per capita . 
  what successful former french or spanish or portuguese or dutch colony has maintained democracy and high living standards since their inceptions ? 
  it 's no surprise that the most developed and wealthy african nations ( excluding petrostates ) are the countries that had been under british control for the longest . 
  it 's a stretch to call anything that existed outside of eurasia a ` country ' before colonisation . 
  regardless , no country or people are innocent of colonisation . 
  latin american countries continued to expand after independence and decimate their ` native ' populations . 
  upon achieving independence india annexed portuguese territory , indonesia invaded west papua and east timor ( the latter temporarily ) . 
  however , out of all the empires of the world , britain has undoubtedly been one of the most benign . 
  much in the way we remember the romans for building the first british roads and infrastructure , the world should remember british contributions . 
  the only thing preventing this recognition is the blind , unguided nationalism of people like the irish and kenyans , who only have things to celebrate like brutal , violent uprising and murders and mutilations carried out by terrorist groups . 
   they could care less about democracy in the mid east if it goes against their interest . 
  they ` could n't care less ' you mean . 
  if they `` could care less '' then they at least care to some extent , which is the opposite of what you mean . 
  if they `` could n't care less '' then it means they do n't care at all which is much more appropriate to include in your comment . 
  i know ireland has been separate from the uk for some time now , but i did n't know the return to illiteracy had already began !, 
  it 's a terribly incorrect phrase which i 'd hoped no one outside of the usa used . 
   and here we have it , all the virtues of the brit revealed !, 
  such compassionate cunts people you are . 
  you ca n't argue with the facts i 've given you , and you have n't even tried to discuss the qualitative information either . 
  instead you are basing your views of an entire nation and its people based on what you think of one person ( me ) . 
  i think in any other situation that would be deemed inappropriate and even racist by many people who actually do n't know what racism is . 
  thankfully i have thicker skin . 
  how about you say where you 're from and we can discuss how virtuous people from your country are ? 
  or are you ashamed ? 
  [ japan !, 
  ] ( http://imgur.com/cibg9t1 ) that wonderful island of art , culture , civilisation and technology !, 
  ( hopefully not too offensive ! ), 
  the immigration aspect of the eu debate was split into two sections : one concern was over eu migration of eastern europeans , only because we unfortunately seem to be getting a high amount of poor and criminal eastern europeans rather than good , decent people . 
  many in the uk would have been happy if the we had been able to secure some sort of permanent deal that would have placed an income cap on eu migrants or if we could block people with criminal records . 
  the other concern was the future of the ` refugees ' in europe and how this country would be affected by the eventual ` integration ' of the growing number of new migrants in germany once they receive eu passports and can come here . 
  this coupled with the potential ascension of muslim turkey was a deciding factor in the debate but it did receive less international media attention . 
  i think the indian community in particular has contributed immensely to the united kingdom , and to a lesser extent the afro-caribbean community is also valued . 
  there is a fundamental and clear problem with immigration from the islamic world and north africa , i totally agree . 
  unfortunately remaining in the eu also left us potentially exposed to the growing eu migrant population . 
  i have no problems with eastern europeans in the same way i have no problems with french people or dutch people . 
  because of the wealth disparity however the uk has been receiving an overwhelming number of poor eastern europeans who are exacerbating problems . 
  i can link you [ here ] ( https://www.herts.police.uk/hertfordshire_constabulary/help_us_fight_crime/wanted.aspx ) to my local police wanted list and you will see for yourself the high number of romanian and polish criminals wanted in my county alone . 
  as i say , if the uk had managed to limit * certain types * of eastern europeans from coming here then i do n't think we would have left . 
   where do i apply to become a legitimate person oh for fuck 's sake this typical reddit comment is embarrassingly infantile . 
  do not respond unless you have something to actually contribute . 
  here 's a tip you uneducated prole , how about `` what do you mean by ` legitimate person ' ? 
  nothing can save the eu . 
  consider : british people are among the most generous , tolerant and accepting people of all europe , despite many peoples ' desires to think otherwise . 
  * we have the second largest foreign aid budget after the usa and tie with sweden in spending the largest percentage of our gdp on foreign aid , amounting to 0.7 % of our gdp , compared with 0.4 % spent by germany and france and a paltry 0.3 % spent by trendy canada that everyone seems to hold up as a beacon of friendliness and generosity these days . 
  * most british people are relatively fine not being appropriately represented in parliament . 
  scotland , wales and n. ireland have regional autonomy while england has less say over its own affairs . 
  legislation affecting only england can be voted on by scottish , welsh and northern irish mps but not the other way around which has already led to laws being blocked in england that would not have been under a ` english votes for english laws ' system . 
  * britain is a particularly tolerant society with a large population of migrants from the old empire . 
  the sikh and hindu indian communities , afro-caribbean communities and east asian communities all live in comparative harmony when compared to the usa and the continent . 
  no other country with such a small population of black people for example has such successful musicians , actors and even politicians in the national and international spotlight . 
  ------------------- until the results of the referendum , hardly any hate crimes were reported in britain against other citizens of the european union . 
  it 's clear to me that the divisive campaign by both sides has contributed to these crimes : * people who are concerned over migration levels that are 3 times higher than they were in the 1990s were branded as racist bigots and for two decades now have been ignored - leading to greater and greater resentment . 
  * a fringe group associated with the leave campaign did paint a rather dark and intimidating picture of eu migrants which i think in the aftermath of the debate has cleared . 
  i think if we had voted to remain there would in fact have been more attacks rather than fewer . 
  * despite the concerns over immigration , the remain camp could not provide any answers to resolve peoples ' concerns , and instead resorted to attacking everyday people and families who have developed concerns over crowded schools , limited infrastructure and the availability of houses . 
  to deny that there has n't been a fundamental shift over the last 10 years since eastern eu migration began is political suicide in the many areas that have suffered the most . 
  ---------------------------- despite all these virtues of the british people , we still voted to leave . 
  ukip is not a right-wing party in the same sense as the continental ones are in france , belgium , austria and scandinavia . 
  the edl has only a ghost of a membership and is not comparable to the far-right groups in germany who have organised mass marches . 
  the real british euroscepticism that has always characterised britain in europe played very little role in the eu debate . 
  it was purely over migration which i think you will find , with increasing terror attacks putting all forms of migration in question , it will soon become apparent that voters in france , the netherlands , germany , austria and italy are n't quite as resilient as british voters had been up until this point . 
  the whole idea of a united europe is faltering . 
  as economic woes continue , who will support the redistribution of wealth from , say an ailing france to a collapsing italy or greece ? 
  the whole thing is dying and closer integration can not save it . 
  replace ` community ' with ethnic ghetto . 
  ridiculous hipster nonsense . 
  no ` legitimate ' people will use it , the screens are bound to be damaged in less developed countries and no investor will make money unless they do elitist crap like sell tickets or cram the intermission between cities full of adverts . 
  the screens do n't look nearly big enough either . 
  it 's a no from me !, 
  all french people sound ridiculous . 
  i 'm sure all the men coming over with their women will just accept western values and not have their own daughters mutilated !, 
  people from that region are very well known for adapting to new cultures and i 'm sure they will abandon their other 9th century practices . 
  no need to do anything . 
  all is well :d :d :d !, 
  vile barbarians and facilitating morons . 
  i love it too . 
  i hope we wo n't be in the top 50 destinations for eastern europeans by the end of the decade . 
  yet more evidence of how hollow these scaremongering threats were all throughought the eu debate . 
  and to think there was a chance we would have voted to stay within this decaying bloc of lies and treachery when we can seemingly get whatever we want outside of it !, 
  let it burn . 
  i provided new data which was * exactly * what you asked for here  1 . 
  you 're presenting data on `` suspects '' not convictions . 
  you 're failing to account for volume of crime - when you want to make a statement ` per capita ' , you really need to work out the numbers . 
   what you claim might be true , but you do n't have the data to prove it . 
  the original data showed that ethnic minorities are more likely to be criminal suspects according to you , which was n't good enough apparently , so i have now provided data showing that they are also more likely to be convicted criminals also , but you ca n't deal with the facts clearly . 
   you have a problem with blacks and asians ( and central and eastern europeans , apparently ) no i have problems with the disproportionate amount of crime they commit and do n't want to live in an area with a high population of them when its demonstrably safer to live in a white community instead , like hertfordshire currently is . 
  run along then . 
  [ here ] ( http://imgur.com/pak8bus ) then , is data from 2012 showing the self-identified ethnicity of prison sentence recipients , isolated and taken from [ this ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/statistics/statistics-on-race-and-the-criminal-justice-system-2012 ) site under `` defendants - self identified ethnicity '' table s5 .05 .
