  no one wants to bring back the empire you strange strange person . 
  brexit is n't the first step to recolonising india . 
  england alone is the worlds 5th largest economy and britain does n't need to be part of the eu to exist when plenty of other countries such as australia , canada but also south korea and japan can exist perfectly fine outside of a geopolitical union . 
   how long till you thick fascists turn on the muslims ? 
  then how long until you turn on the blacks ? 
  then how long till you turn on the gays ? 
  and the scots , and the irish , and the socialists , and the feminists , and the jews ? 
  lol just turn off your computer and calm down . 
  what on earth are you going on about ? 
  the uk has been the most successful country in the world in terms of multiculturalism . 
  afro-caribbean , hindu , east asian cultures and others have all blended in to form a cosmopolitan british identity in many regions . 
  some people certainly have issue with oppressive , fundamentalist islam which is completely justifiable . 
  in fact it is islamic fascists that are more likely to ` turn ' on the groups you mentioned . 
  your bizarre hatred of anything british really is overbearing , even to the extent that you adopt any false or illogical argument as long as it is anti-british . 
  i wonder if you 're also ashamed to be scottish , seeings as scotland contributed just as much if not more to the dealings of the british empire . 
   st helena is a colony , the highlands and islands are n't . 
  the only reason the british spend millions of pounds propping st. helena up is so they can pretend that they are still an imperial power . 
  st helena is n't a colony , it 's a dependent territory . 
  the territory is not being developed for any other reason than to help the people living there . 
  if it were a colony it would have state-sponsored migration or another characteristic of a colony . 
  this does n't occur anywhere in the british overseas territories . 
  even if it did however , why is this wrong ? 
  who should control the island instead ? 
  it 's not inconceivable that if it were vacated some cruel african regime would transform it into a hellish prison island . 
   it does n't matter if something was stolen in 1833 , or stolen yesterday . 
  they 're still stolen . 
  stolen from who ? 
  the acquisition of the island predates the founding of argentina . 
  i 'm not going to press this much because you ** know ** that this argument of yours is wrong and you are only fanatically clinging to it because you have a unjustified hatred of ` britain ' . 
   it was liberated for a month in 1982 . 
  liberated by a despotic dictatorship that illegally annexed the island and killed civilians ? 
  that certainly is a new one , and odd coming from someone who in their comment history appears overly liberal '' murdering fascists is fine by me . '', 
  this is pretty embarrassing , nevermind maybe you 'll grow out of it . 
   where does the myth come from that argentina 's rightful claim to the malvinas is based solely on geography or the proximity of the islands to argentina ? 
  seriously where do you get that from ? 
  the argentine claim is n't based on geography . 
  this is the main argument they put forward at the un decolonisation committee . 
  they have no other argument apart from `` it 's on our continental shelf waah waah '' for what reason do you believe the island is rightfully argentine ? 
   ironic since britain is occupying part of ireland . 
  part of the island of ireland is a constituent member of the united kingdom . 
  it is not an occupation , especially seeings as the civilians there voted to remain part of the united kingdom twice . 
   well no because there are n't 40 million spaniards living in argentina . 
  argentinians are n't spanish . 
  there are 3000 brits living in argentina though , i 'd be more than happy to help pay for their return to britain . 
  and there are n't 4k britons living on st helena , they are st helenian . 
  why do you judge them british ? 
  because they are ethnically british ? 
  many argentinians are ethnically spanish . 
  if st helena was fully independent you 'd still be opposed to them . 
  you are nothing but a total hypocrite . 
  every point and comment you make is throughoughly embarrasing . 
  st helena was uninhabited when it was discovered , it 's now home to 4k people who are happy living under the british flag . 
  they are n't imperialists , they 've lived there for generations and have as much right to as someone does to live in the empty wasteland of the scottish highlands and islands beyond it . 
  the falklands are not a foreign country , it 's not being occupied , british people have lived there for hundreds of years , longer than many have lived in many locations in the uk . 
  it was militarily occupied by argentina . 
  it really does n't matter how geographically close a territory is , especially in this age of global instant communication . 
  if the falklands are argentine , ireland is british and in turn britain is french and so forth . 
  neither of these island dependencies had natives living there . 
  argentina sure did though , maybe 40m argentine should go back to spain though ? 
  are you going to help fund such a measure ? 
  calm down you fool , you are n't some noble crusader against imperialism , the people of st helena are grateful for uk support , they 'd probably all die if left alone on that barren island to fend for themselves . 
  things like this airport and defending the falklands can be considered as philanthropic as foreign aid . 
  you ideology-driven liberals ignore the details of individual cases to suit your ridiculous world views . 
  you clearly are n't capable of commenting on this topic . 
  perhaps you should worry more about your own country , epitomised by collapsing native birthrates , a workforce and economy in longtime decline and unchecked , incompatible migration that has led to sexual assault en mass . 
  germany is heading towards a route of racial and religious balkanisation . 
  look at your loathsome , social-engineering politicians : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_4f-bv9ztpo the eu has a lot to lose if the uk leaves . 
  the uk does n't even need to flourish outside , it just needs to do ` okay ' and a stampede of countries such as denmark , the netherlands , sweden and austria will rush towards the exit door , leaving you deluded germans to pick up the bill alone . 
  * europe * however has a lot to gain from the uk leaving . 
  hopefully it will be the well-deserved death-knell of the * european union * and a better europe will take its place . 
  i do n't care if banning circumcision is antisemitic or islamophobic . 
  enabling the genital mutilation of infants to appease superstitious tribal nonsense is anti-human . 
  there really is no reason that europe does n't * fully * use ` english ' as it 's prime language for international and regional discussion between countries and organisations . 
  it is the established lingua franca of the world and has arguably been so for well over 150 years . 
  people need to stop thinking of it as ` english ' and think of it as a true international language . 
  using the english language does n't mean your culture is dominated by the anglo-world . 
  it 's not like ` england ' gains anything from this set up , as england as a entity does n't even exist anymore . 
  consider it as an international system like the model of westphalian sovereignty or just a instance named after a location , like stockholm syndrome . 
  they 're just names . 
  you could claim that now-a-days english belongs to everyone . 
  i do n't think any other language of the world has had so many contributions from other countries as english has , it makes it a true global language . 
  esperanto comes across as too artificial , lacking in culture and history . 
  this is my point exactly : the original op did n't fund terrorism or invade iraq either so he should n't have been spoken to like that . 
  your comment is exactly the same as mine , except you 've responded to a purposefully exaggerated example designed to state exactly what you just have said to me !, 
  in any case , british contributions to the world greatly ought-weigh any ills the empire caused or perpetrated that were very much of their time . 
  it will be interesting to see how densely populated poor countries manage to cope , like nigeria which is projected to have a population of 800m by 2100 . 
  still , it does n't detract from this german contribution that has been squandered by africans and the like because they lack birth control policies . 
  without europe , the world would be a backwards , agrarian hell-hole of pestilence , poverty and slavery . 
  it would be reigned over by ancient-chinese style tyrant emperors , ruling a sick , destitute population of peasant farmers and serfs who would be lucky to live beyond the age of 40 . 
  the world had stagnated for hundreds of years before european innovation . 
  china , india and the middle east for 4000 years had always reached the same level of technological and societal mediocrity before collapsing back into civil war or barbarity . 
  the world has been entirely transformed through the rise of europe . 
  the agricultural revolution , the industrial revolution , the advent of modern medicine , nearly all meaningful art and music of universal , indeed mathematical acclaim , modern philosophy , charity , social security , tolerance , liberalism and so much more . 
  every european country has at least one great contribution that rivals almost the entirety of production and innovation from outside of europe , bar farming . 
  germany has at-least two , those being the car and modern fertiliser which alone has allowed the world 's population to quadruple , unfortunately in all these lesser continents who seek to usurp us . 
  humanity is not set on a predetermined path . 
  if the industrial revolution and other events were just a matter of time , then they would have happened multiple times across the world during the hundreds of years of stability and progress that occurred countless times in china , india , the middle east and even for a time during the roman empire . 
  europe truly is a marvel that needs protecting . 
  it 's on a loathsome path . 
  hopefully by leaving the degenerate eu , britain can be spared ...
