let me say again that this universal culture , though it started in the west , was western only in the most cosmetic ways . 
  if china or the caliphate had industrialized first , they would have been the ones who developed it i do n't accept this at all . 
  the point is that china * never * could have industrialised first , their entire culture that links every chinese dynasty has made this impossible . 
  confucianism above all promotes obedience , solidarity and uniformity . 
  reincarnations of china have always socially and technologically stagnated at the same socio-technological level , a cycle only broken after the arrival of europeans . 
  there is no universal way of doing things that emanates from our shared , prehistoric ancestry which could have sprung up anywhere around the globe , and it is ridiculous to propose this to be the case . 
  this almost shunning of european values and achievements as some sort of unobserved yet factual mathematical process of certainty is complete nonsense . 
  why has no other civilisation in 9,000 years of history , say for example reduced in religiosity in a way that europe did ? 
  if european culture is n't ` special ' and the arise of ` universal culture ' in europe is just a matter of probability then why did n't universal culture begin in communities that have had long-term prosperity and stability before europe did ? 
  as the uk transforms into a more federal union this will become less of an issue . 
  the fact remains that it is british money being spent here , not european . 
  to measure wealth on gdp per capita is swiftly becoming one of the most frowned upon measures of economic success . 
  using simple but random statistics we can see why : if $ 300,000,000 is held by a town of 10,000 people that town has a gdp per capita of $ 30,000 . 
  this figure can be subsequently distorted by the arrival of a single multi-millionaire who brings in an extra $ 200,000,000 with him , suddenly skyrocketing the towns gdp per capita to $ 49,995 . 
  this is a very basic scenario but it can be scaled up and applied to entire countries and economies . 
  the truth is that ireland is in deep economic trouble and has been for some time . 
  the * point * is that very few countries , if any , have suddenly and immediately become a success after secession , especially not one in scotland 's scenario . 
  each country is in a different situation and it 's almost ridiculous to even compare them , as i tried saying in my original parent comment . 
  and those countries all became wondrous beacons of economic prosperity and social stability , did n't they ? 
   i would certainly agree that europe has many different and diverse cultures . 
  it 's just that , as a `` globalist '' ( i prefer weltb\u00fcrger ) , i do n't think that the european civilization is inherently superior to others . 
  different for sure , maybe even incompatible , but not superior . 
  also , as a side note , i 'm sure you just meant to say `` less developed '' , but `` degenerate cultures '' is literal nazi-speak . 
  you might want to refrase that . 
  trying not to sound aggressive here but obviously being from germany you might be more accustomed to that sort mental self-censoring that stops you from using certain words that are associated with a long-dead , radical fascist group . 
  i ca n't bring myself to not use certain words just because of their distant connections to past horrors , i was brought up to think freely . 
  i fully believe that european culture is inherently and supremely superior to cultures in which it is acceptable to behead and stone someone for loving someone else of the ` wrong ' gender . 
  i can not accept that countries that execute women for ` adultery ' after they have been ** raped ** have cultures of equal worth to that of european countries . 
  the list goes on , from women 's rights to animal rights ; they are all still in the dark ages , only in an illusion of civilisation created by their adoption of western technology purchased with blood-oil money . 
  i never have time to sit around and have comment rallies like a game of tennis . 
  i prefer to say every potentially relevant thing straight away without me having to come back again and again . 
  i try to make my own comments clear , direct and immediate and rather than deal with slow , progressing debates i prefer to get every potential argument out there at once . 
  this does n't always work with more neutral or ambivalent comments . 
  because we knew what the irish terrorists wanted , they wanted a untied ireland . 
  these islamic terrorists are attacking purely because they hate us and want to scare everyone into accepting the dominion of a global islamic caliphate . 
  it 's not comparable to irish terrorism . 
  it does n't matter what ` multi-culturalism ' means to different people , particularly the elites who do n't have any experience of the results of this enforced and artificial ` phenomenon ' . 
  all that matters is the observable impact of the multi-culturalism that has shaken european communities across the continent . 
   personally , i 'd define it as the idea that different cultures can coexist in the same space together without the need for assimilation into a single largely homogenous culture . 
  you mean like how the uk is made up of broader english , welsh , scottish and irish culture identities , not forgetting the differing cultures of yorkshire , the highlands , cornwall , north wales , essex and almost every other subdivision of this country which is the product of 2,000 years of history and culture just as strong and valid as those of any country ? 
  no probably not . 
  or how the european population classed and disregarded by many as forming some large , boring ` white population ' is actually made up of hundreds of diverse national and regional identities , cultures , histories and traditions ranging from art , music and literature to economic theories , industrial practices and customer service skills ? 
  i do n't think that 's what you 're saying either . 
   you can still think some fundamental values are or should be universal while thinking it 's perfectly ok for most everything else to be highly diverse . 
  europe and the countries within are already diverse enough containing their ` native ' populations . 
  the only reason european cultures seem so homogeneous and similar currently is because we can now easily contrast them with the backwards and degenerate cultures of other geographical regions and populations , and find ourselves united by our common level of advanced thought and enlightened behaviour . 
  multi-culturalism can only work between compatible cultures , and it 's becoming increasingly clear that the fundamental , unrefined islam being spewed from the middle east and north africa is wholly incompatible with european society and culture , which is the product of hundreds of years of advanced thought and progress . 
  less than 50 % of scots voted for ` independence ' supporting parties in the last election there , so simply put there is n't enough support for secession currently . 
  the eu referendum was announced as a potential event if the conservatives won the 2015 general election as early as 2013 . 
  when the scots voted in 2014 it was to stay in the uk , knowing an upcoming eu referendum was highly likely , whatever its future was to be . 
  there is no mandate for another referendum and it will not happen any time soon . 
  in fact i think an future question on scotland and its place in the uk will be reworded to have much less semantic influence : `` do you want scotland to leave the united kingdom or remain part of the united kingdom ? '', 
  none of that semantic ` positive ' `` yes '' nonsense seen in the last referendum . 
  keep in mind the original question proposed by the snp before being rejected by regulators was : `` do you * agree * that scotland should be an independent country ? '', 
  no sane scot will vote to leave the uk when there are even more unresolved questions and issues about their viability as an independent nation . 
  from currency to oil to welfare , the only thing propping scotland up currently is english money and support . 
  britain is escaping the makings of what will become a defacto , full economic and political union while scotland would potentially be leaving a union that it 's been a part of for 300 years . 
  they are in no way comparable . 
  why should britain ? 
  norway 's gdp is far more reliant on the eu than the uk 's is so it 's not a fair comparison . 
  the uk is a major , outward-looking global power and in fact in the news today the bbc is [ reporting ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-36877573 ) that a uk-china trade is already being discussed and here :  ... new economic relationships with countries , like china , which , it should be remembered , has never had a free trade agreement with any eu country . 
  if china will make a special deal with the uk then the eu will as well . 
  we are living in a new geopolitical period and we need not cast our future in the mould of previous arrangements but must instead forge a new future that 's in the best interest of all europeans . 
  not from the eu they do n't . 
  australia for example has an immigration system * designed * to increase their population , but they have total control over it and can change it when they want . 
  there is no correlation between nations trading with each other and immigration . 
  no other partnership in the world ` requires ' the free movement of people like the eu does . 
  yes , quite like all the other non-eu countries which have more limited forms of migration between their countries and the eu , like australia , canada , new zealand , the usa , japan , south korea , israel , chile and many many more which are all desolate second-world dumps . 
  seriously though , why do you think so many of those countries can prosper when the uk has a larger population and economy and more to offer than a great number of those countries listed ? 
  you have an innate bias or wish to see the uk fail , which it will not . 
  brexit won simply because enough people felt that the potential economic cost of leaving the eu was worth the ability to limit immigration which , at 336,000 net per year , is three times what is was in the 1990s , according to the guardian newspaper . 
  immigration on this social-engineering scale from both inside and outside the eu has led to the fundamental alteration of almost every british town and village within the space of 15 years , not for the good mind you , and people simply do not like it . 
  look at the names of criminals on my non-metropolitan , quiet county police [ wanted list ] ( https://www.herts.police.uk/hertfordshire_constabulary/help_us_fight_crime/wanted.aspx ) . 
  there is a disproportionate amount of eastern european names and this can not be ignored as a factor . 
  when social and cultural concerns are suppressed however , we are still left with the economic and infrastructure problems . 
  no country can cope with such a high increase in population so fast . 
  to blame the lack of housing , school places and doctor 's appointments on the government instead of the observable increase in population of 300,000 each year is simply pathetic and no one could believe it anymore . 
  the only reason the remain vote recieved 48 % of the vote is because of more frightful economic concerns , the very planned divide among racial lines swaying the ethnic london vote and the ridiculous posturing of champagne socialists . 
  scotland voted to remain because no one bloody moves there . 
  they have not experienced high levels of migration and as a result do not yet fear it . 
  you can comfortably say that the majority of ` real ' england at least voted to leave by a 60-70 % margin because people could n't take the social strain any longer . 
  / u/trolls _ brigade  local news it 's not really local news as such , it 's relevant to any prospective eu votes in the rest of europe and the potential break up of the entire eu . 
   i am from a place that has n't tried to enslaved the world . 
  a place that did n't try to starve the irish to death . 
  but i do apologise oh mighty brit . 
  i am in awe of your superior race . 
  i 'm just going to repost this comment i have for whenever i read crap along the lines of what you 're saying . 
  it wo n't all be relevant but maybe if you disagree you can try and do so in an orderly fashion . 
  here you go : i do n't think any civilised person is proud of being born in a specific country . 
  it 's much harder to explain the feeling you have for being glad and appreciative you have been born into a tolerant , civil society that pursues enlightened principles such as the advancement of technology or the improvement of the welfare of its citizens . 
  it 's perfectly reasonable to want to defend the aspects of your country or society that have produced yourself and the people you care about . 
  many practices may no longer be unique to britain but this is certainly their place of origin . 
  * parliamentary democracy * freedom of the press * the sharing of knowledge through the publishing of scientific journals * the formation of modern charitable organisations * the use of common law britain is a tolerant country and over the decades many groups such afro-caribbean people , hindus , sikhs and chinese people have integrated into society . 
  there are national characteristics such as our good natured self-depreciation and witty and sarcastic humour that is n't found elsewhere . 
  maybe your football hooligan does n't have much manners but people at large are polite . 
  we are a nation of dog walkers and lovers , a relic of our ancestors who bred countless dog breeds during the victorian era . 
  ** british values spurred on the industrial revolution , the end of slavery , the formation of the first global economic system , the end of child labour and many other key events that without the world would be a much harsher and desolate place to live . 
  ** ** but what of the empire and its ills ? 
  ** every country , every group , every tribe , every organism expands and spreads naturally . 
  * the ` native ' americans ?
