  to blame it on brexit campaigners is vile and atrocious . 
  the leave campaign is in no way comparable to the ` black lives matter ' movement , a vast number of supporters of which have actively incited hatred and promoted violence which has led to the murder of many police officers across the usa . 
  so much for ` german efficiency ' . 
  they ca n't even work out where someone is truly from . 
  it goes to show that there clearly has n't been much integration of afghans or pakistanis in germany as someone of that background in the german migrant/refugee relocation system has n't been able to immediately decode the accent of these migrants . 
  what a shambles !, 
  what a truly worthless comment based on the devious yet simple manipulation of a word and its semantic definition while purposely ignoring its proper definition and usage in political discourse . 
  very sub par , at least do a two-second google to make sure it wo n't backfire : * http://www.irishtimes.com/news/ireland/irish-news/irish-among-most-tolerant-in-europe-claims-eu-wide-survey-1.2374814 * http://irishcatholic.ie/video/ireland-among-most-tolerant-countries * http://www.irishexaminer.com/ireland/irish-among-most-tolerant-in-europe-357109.html easiest downvote of my life . 
  it 's so tiresome how many irish people continue to harbour this dislike of the uk . 
  your comment appears relatively neutral but it has no place in response to the above statement . 
  you have inserted it for no reason and it reveals your bitterness . 
  i do n't think any civilised person is proud of being born in a specific country . 
  it 's much harder to explain the feeling you have for being glad and appreciative you have been born into a tolerant , civil society that pursues enlightened principles such as the advance of technology or the improvement of the welfare of its citizens . 
  it 's perfectly reasonable to want to defend the aspects of your country or society that have produced yourself and the people you care about . 
  many practices may no longer be unique to britain but this is certainly their place of origin . 
  * parliamentary democracy * freedom of the press * the sharing of knowledge through the publishing of scientific journals * the formation of modern charitable organisations * the use of common law britain is a tolerant country and over the decades many groups such afro-caribbean people , hindus , sikhs and chinese people have integrated into society . 
  there are national characteristics such as our good natured self-depreciation and witty and sarcastic humour that is n't found elsewhere . 
  maybe your football hooligan does n't have much manners but people at large are polite . 
  we are a nation of dog walkers and lovers , a relic of our ancestors who bred countless dog breeds during the victorian era . 
  ** british values spurred on the industrial revolution , the end of slavery , the formation of the first global economic system , the end of child labour and many other key events that without the world would be a much harsher and desolate place to live . 
  ** ** but what of the empire and its ills ? 
  ** every country , every group , every tribe , every organism expands and spreads naturally . 
  * the ` native ' americans ? 
  descendants of mongolians who crossed the bering strait as recently as 10,000 years ago . 
  * the ` native ' australians ? 
  arrived from africa 40,000 years ago . 
  * ` native ' austronesians and polynesians ? 
  thought to be a mix of people who hail from taiwan and madagascar and arrived 7,000 years ago . 
  * the formation of every incarnation of china - colonisation . 
  * formation of russia - colonisation * turkey - colonisation every multi-ethnic country is the arbitrary product of imperialism by one group of people over another , and every homogeneous country like china with its han population is the product of colonisation and potential expulsion or eradication of previous ethnic groups . 
  it does n't matter if it occurred in 10,000 bc or 1275 , every single country that has ever existed has practised this natural process . 
  at what point is ` colonisation ' wrong ? 
  there is evidence in many of these situations that these ` indigenous ' groups even displaced the former pre-historic populations of the regions to which they moved . 
  the fact remains that places like australia would be completely unchanged had it had no contact with the rest of the world . 
  the australian aboriginals had n't even developed farming and agriculture practices and essentially remained hunter gatherers . 
  whether you like it or not , it is british and later australian culture and values that had led to the creation of the paradise nation that australia is today , with a strong hdi and large gdp per capita . 
  what successful former french or spanish or portuguese or dutch colony has maintained democracy and high living standards since their inceptions ? 
  it 's no surprise that the most developed and wealthy african nations ( excluding petrostates ) are the countries that had been under british control for the longest . 
  it 's a stretch to call anything that existed outside of eurasia a ` country ' before colonisation . 
  regardless , no country or people are innocent of colonisation . 
  latin american countries continued to expand after independence and decimate their ` native ' populations . 
  upon achieving independence india annexed portuguese territory , indonesia invaded west papua and east timor ( the latter temporarily ) . 
  however , out of all the empires of the world , britain has undoubtedly been one of the most benign . 
  much in the way we remember the romans for building the first british roads and infrastructure , the world should remember british contributions . 
  the only thing preventing this recognition is the blind , unguided nationalism of people like the irish and kenyans , who only have things to celebrate like brutal , violent uprising and murders and mutilations carried out by terrorist groups . 
   if native brits do n't want to take low paying or otherwise unattractive jobs , then they ca n't really complain that others take them . 
  higher minimum wages are one way to keep jobs attractive enough so that people do n't ignore them . 
  the jobs being taken by low skilled migrants are usually filled by certain completely unskilled people in the british working class and by students . 
  no wonder it is these two groups that are suffering the most under migration levels 3x what they were in the 1990s ( https://www.theguardian.com/uk/2001/jan/25/race.world ) . 
  low skilled immigration certainly creates some jobs but not for the socio-economic group who really needs them , that is to say the low-skilled working class brits who have had their jobs usurped by said migrants . 
  that is what is meant by this sentence :  `` i refuse to believe that the unproven contribution to the uk economy by these unskilled migrants justifies the social injustice increasingly faced by the british working class who are missing out on jobs '', 
  the whole buildup of the campaign was fraught with speculation and economic concern , only in the small hours before the results were announced were the markets falsely confident that we would remain in the eu . 
   racism . 
  buzzword . 
  the number of people on contracts without a minimum number of hours guaranteed is about 2.5 % of the * workforce * so not a huge number and many of these do get enough work to live by , it 's often the nature of their job ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/business/news/number-of-zero-hours-contracts-increases-by-104000-a6920716.html ) . 
  where i live a great number of customer service roles from local bakeries to clothes shops are taken up by migrant workers and these could very easily have gone to the british ` working class ' . 
  ** the ` schrodinger 's migrant ' from the brexit campaign works both ways , we are told that most migrants are n't receiving state benefits while simultaneously assured that they are n't taking peoples ' jobs either . 
  ** i refuse to believe that the unproven contribution to the uk economy by these unskilled migrants justifies the social injustice increasingly faced by the british working class who are missing out on jobs . 
  typical temporary student jobs and unskilled roles for school leavers have been shrunken considerably by the arrival of unskilled migrants . 
  you ca n't just dismiss immigration in this argument . 
  one day it will become impossible for eu countries to untangle themselves from this perhaps idealistically fantastic union that is unfortunately fundamentally flawed . 
  this may be good for countries with few international concerns like the czech republic , estonia and belgium and on paper they may never officially cease to be nations but countries like france have the most to lose really . 
  sure they will form the bulk of a new eu military and be influential but they wo n't have supreme control over it anymore . 
  they 'll lose their permanent seat at the un security council and the eu shall take its place , generally as a far less militaristic force than france alone could be due to its unavoidable indecisiveness . 
  french intervention in mali two years ago may not be possible in years to come without eu approval from all member states . 
  why would poles , italians and greeks want to fight and potentially die to help a former french colony with which they have no connection ? 
  this could be very bad for the global geopolitical stability of western values and ideals where , in this uncertain 21st century , immediate , acrobatic and dynamic decisions will be needed to ensure that europe maintains some degree of international relevance . 
  do n't be jelly little ireland , suitably represented by a tiny leprechaun the world over , there 's still room for you too if you clear up the mess you 're in . 
  how about stop harbouring terrorists as a first step to becoming civilised again ? 
  i wo n't miss a single one . 
  nothing to do with race . 
  yes there certainly are superior and inferior cultures . 
  cultures with female genital mutilation , cannibalism of albinos , ritualistic sacrifice of widows , segregation of male and females and much more are backwards and inferior to those with human rights , parliamentary democracy and the like as those in europe . 
  ireland was backwards and undeveloped back then . 
  i 'm as equally english as i am irish and welsh - what am i supposed to feel about the irish famine ? 
  nothing is the answer . 
  ireland was a comparatively barbaric island of poverty and pestilence before being civilised , hardly a ` nation ' in any sense . 
  irish nationalism in every reincarnation is racist jealousy borne from falsely perceived neglect . 
  but regardless of whatever mismanagement happened in the 1800s , why does that give anyone the right today or from throughout the late 20th century to be an irish nationalist and blow up innocent civilians and policemen in an attempt to ` unite ' ireland against the will of its population ? 
  why must the island of ireland even be united into a single entity ? 
  sounds like manifest destiny-esque imperial nonsense to me . 
  it 's completely ridiculous in my opinion and i do n't shed any tears for my so called irish kin across the sea who frett about and shake with anger over events from 150 years ago . 
  oh please maybe take an english course to match that overbearing liberal victim complex of yours and learn what context is . 
  or are you purposely misconstruing information again ? 
  oh yes because irish nationalism certainly is n't a problem that has led to thousands of deaths . 
  nonsense , simply . 
  this attempt to portray half of the british as cruel thugs is nothing but a charade perpetuated by frenzied anglophobes . 
  i personally think we are too generous . 
  why on earth did we give india # 300 million as recently as last year when they developed nuclear weapons in the 1970s ? 
  they can clearly manage on their own and have been able to for some time . 
  foreign aid in particular to other , less-worthy nations has done nothing but increase global instability and corruption . 
  all foreign aid should be used as leverage to foster long-term economic relationships with rising powers such as indonesia , nigeria and kenya and to spread british values to help maintain their paths to true democracy . 
  we should obviously also fund the salvation of commonwealth island nations under the threat of complete devastation due to rising sea levels . 
  there needs to be a global foreign aid rethink across the developed world though really . 
  sort out your language sweetheart !, 
  did n't things go the way you wanted ? 
  oh well maybe if you swear enough you 'll get your own way ? 
  or not :-d, 
  this march makes me ashamed to be british . 
  people actively marching against democracy , most of them seemingly under the impression we are leaving * europe * and not just the eu .
