  pathetic , uninformed weekend activists only out because it 's a sunny day and they have a burning desire to feel relevant . 
  from vox ? 
  really ? 
  this is completely unsuprising . 
  scottish independence is complete nonsense . 
  i suspect spain would n't be the only country to oppose scottish membership . 
  i do n't even think a scottish secession referendum would pass without this fact anyway as there will be no plan regarding currency and the like . 
  it 's rather embarrassing really how much people have gone on about another referendum in scotland . 
  it 's complete fantasy !, 
  / u/tuf-gnarl / u/dfractalh http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-scotland-politics-36656980 oh look you were wrong !, 
  sounds like an independent scotland will be completely alone outside of the eu !, 
  how unsurprising . 
  lol not gon na happen . 
   the biggest hurdle are not other nations , since scotland would join not as a breakaway region from a eu member state , but as one from a non-eu country . 
  it is the first spain objects to , not the second , as only the first would create a dangerous precedent for them . 
  this does n't mean anything . 
  if catalonia became its own country then it would be in the exact same situation as scotland would be after becoming independent . 
  catalonia would never attempt to become a member of the eu as a ` break-away province ' it would try to leave spain in the same way scotland would leave the uk . 
  spain does n't want catalonia to leave spain ** at all **, 
  just like it did when the uk did n't join the euro !, 
  oh wait nevermind , that was bullshit too . 
  most scottish regions polled about 40 % for leaving the eu . 
  they were n't as pro-euro as everyone pretended at all . 
  fk the snp !, 
  good bye and good luck eu . 
  you 're gon na need it !, 
  happy independence day , britain !, 
  the eu has failed to adapt to the sovereign debt crisis , the migrant crisis and the resurgence of russia and yes , it is beginning the process of federalisation . 
  federalisation does n't equal success . 
  the eu will inevitably collapse but britain needs to jump ship now instead of being dragged under with the rest of europe into decades of despair wrought onto the continent by the blind , fanatical european political elite . 
  the uk has a vibrant economy , a world leader in pharmaceuticals , aerospace , financial services and driven to a lesser extent by petrochemicals , tourism and agriculture . 
  the uk is n't going to lose access to anything , as essentially confirmed today by the head of german industry , who the government of german is essentially beholden to http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-36596060 the uk is doing perfectly fine , despite the self-loathing of the british far-left so-called intellectuals who loves to hate on the uk as they has done for generations . 
  the uk is doing perfectly fine . 
  lol as you 've just said you live in central europe . 
  scots living overseas or even in england were unable to vote in the last secession referendum so your letter to the snp will mean diddly squat . 
  less than 50 % of the scottish population voted for independence supporting parties at the last election despite knowing brexit was on the table . 
  scottish people are scarcely less eurosceptic than the rest of us brits and that 'll finally be made clear tomorrow when the votes are tallied . 
   the leave campaign is predominately an english invention , led by little englander bigots who still fantasize over a british empire that is well and truly long gone . 
  just no . 
  the leave campaign is ran by people who want the uk to have self-determination and avoid being absorbed into a failing eurostate . 
  canada , australia , new zealand , south korea , japan and many others can all exist outside of a political union . 
  why do british wishes to do so also somehow equate to ` little englander empire fanaticism ? 
  england alone would be the world 's 5th largest economy and its in our best interest to trade freely instead of being shackled to this dying , inward-looking stagnant continent . 
  you 're full of bs . 
   of course i think imperialists from the north of the uk are just as repulsive as imperialists from the south . 
  but scotland has n't been a country since 1707 . 
  how can a country which does n't exist contribute to anything ? 
  do you think the hapsburg empire contributed just as much if not more to the bosnian genocide ? 
  scotland is n't a country now . 
  it 's no less responsible as a region for its history as part of the united kingdom and even if it became independent today it would n't be absolved of its past . 
   `` british dependent territory '' being a rebranding of `` crown colony '' no . 
  the new term reflects the new modern relationship between the uk and the territory . 
   the people on the island , and the investment in them is nothing more than an excuse for british imperial ambitions in the region . 
  what imperial ambitions !? 
  they are surrounded by empty ocean miles from anywhere . 
  they are utterly useless as a strategic possession and a technically burden to the uk so our relationship is one of aid and generosity . 
   stolen from argentina and the argentine administration on the island . 
  argentina gained independence , and sovereignty over the islands in 1810 , the british invaded in 1833 . 
  there was hardly an ` administration over the islands ' . 
  they were uninhabited . 
  argentina was n't recognised as an independent country until 1857 . 
  ** vitally though , even if the british ` occupation ' of the falklands is wrong . 
  how does that make argentine possession of them okay ? 
  why would n't you frown upon that in the same way you do british possession of st helena . 
  once again you show yourself to be nothing but a hysterically anti-british hypocrite . 
  **  yes , liberated by the legitimate government . 
  there are no civilians on the island . 
  they 're colonisers violently holding onto stolen land . 
  oh please , they 're gentle farming folk who live in small houses with sheep and penguins . 
  you truly are mad . 
  if there are no civilians on the island there is no one to liberate . 
  it 's an uninhabited island that 's fair game which the british have established control over through history , diplomacy and even war . 
  argentina got its face smashed in so even if they * had * been argentine they sure ai n't no more . 
   i do n't think you know what the word liberal means . 
  you clearly have a fanatical devotion to the uk , you 'd think you would at least use one of its greatest exports - the english language - properly instead of using awful americanisms you clearly have a fanatical * hatred * of the uk . 
  which word is an americanism ? 
  ` liberal ' ? 
  i 've seen this said before now . 
  `` https://gerryco23.files.wordpress.com/2015/02/wspu-force-feeding-poster.jpg '' this is a link to a suffragist poster from 100 years ago using the term `` liberal '' . 
  get over yourself you ridiculous snob . 
  who cares if it 's an ` americanism ' . 
   i 'm not going to explain it to you , since one of our other occupied colonies are playing in the euros and i 'd like to watch it . 
  read it here : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/falkland_islands_sovereignty_dispute#argentina northern ireland is n't a colony . 
  what makes it a colony in your mind ? 
  is it the people and their ethnicity , or just the fact that it is loyal to london ? 
  how will it merging with ireland not make it an irish colony loyal to dublin ? 
  there is no destiny-dependent tapestry that demands islands have a single government to them . 
  why does the island of ireland belong to the republic of ireland ? 
  you 're full of nonsense you really are . 
   me and all my mates are going to come round to live in your house then take a vote about whether or not we can stay . 
  no it 's like going round and paying for an empty house and doing it up and then your grandchildren having the right to live their when a random neighbour claims it because you share a garden fence . 
   well maybe the parasitic subsidy junkies can pay for their own airport then . 
   no i would n't , they can live there if they like as long as they 're not being propped up by an imperial power this is the crux of the matter . 
  you are a complete fool !, 
  you would rather the islanders be poor and suffer on their own rather them continue their semi-independence in assosiation with britain that ensures them their quality of life . 
  st helena has more independence then texas or california . 
  they must be foul american colonies though in your eyes ? 
  and orkney must be a scottish colony and more crap . 
  god you can blame it on the football if you wish to save face but if i were you i just would n't bother commenting on this you are clearly too ideologically brainwashed to converse with . 
  what are you talking about bringing back `` his '' * empire * ?
