  does , the outcome justify the means ? 
  no , the outcome and the means were rarely connected so it would be foolish to try to do so . 
  people just acted in their best interests , and really thats all you can expect of somebody , at least until post-ww2 when the whole world became much more aware of the value of people over ideology , nationalism and themselves . 
  anyway , in the case of the romans and the gauls , no one can say what was right and what was wrong but we can point out the pros and cons of each assumed perspective and then the actual benefits to society based on ours . 
  both the romans and the gauls probably thought there were doing the right thing , so that argument is void , but from a modern day perspective , where we know that selfishness and isolation is a detriment to modern ideals of a world in union ; the romans were the positive force as they brought civilisation , education , sanitation , christianity ( a bit later on ) , unity and shared identity as citizens of rome . 
  although all this was short lived , due to the ` barbarian invasion ' , those ideals were protected by the church then laid upon the feudal kingdoms that rose in europe , those ideals then developed and shifted into the modern ideals we have today . 
  i wish that people in the past had the hindsight we had today , i wish that the romans and the gauls could have integrated peacefully , i wish the empire did n't fall to corruption and infighting , i wish the progress made by europe was not the product of warfare and advancement to be better than your enemies , i wish the church had reformed and changed to reflect worldwide progress rather than become a force of resistance , i wish the americas were shared and that the colonists and natives would n't be so hostile to each other and i wish ... / rant you get the point . 
  we could spend ages discussing how it could be done better , and whether the world would be better or worse if something did happen differently or whether it was worth it or not . 
  we can look at this pragmatically to get anywhere and , ultimately , civilisation is better than tribalism . 
  tl , dr : civilisation  tribalism . 
  edit : i need a nap after writing this . 
  no , the churches were actually some of the few places where past knowledge was kept . 
  the dark ages came about with the invasion of many peoples , replacing the established order with feudal society , the church was the uniting force which kept a shared identity among these new kingdoms and effectively saved civilisation as we know it from collapsing completely . 
  i 'm not saying you did n't , the soviets definitely brought their own . 
  those were different cases , and you know that . 
  the roman empire was ultimately a positive force , at least until began its decline . 
  the romans and did a lot of horrible things , i agree ; but , in the case of romans against the celtic tribes , the romans were a positive force carried by ideals of expansion whereas the tribes were a resistant force , believeing that they were defending their homs from foreign aggressors , unaware of the benefits that could and eventually did come from roman rule . 
  i do n't think anyone in estonia or poland looks fondly of the days of being under the soviet union and they should n't , but i also think they understand that the industry and civic buildings established by the ussr are one of the few benefits from that time . 
  tragic history ? 
  it was just the case of a more technologically advanced civilisation expanding into broken tribal areas . 
  the celts were a widespread people , but had no chance against rome . 
  i forget the name , but the story of one of the leaders of the britons who fought against the romans really coined the whole conflict for me . 
  he was trying to protect his home as anyone would do until he was eventually captured and brought to rome , there he was treated like a hero and realised how much roman civilisation could offer to his homeland . 
  the point is that roman civilisation was beneficial to the majority of places it came to , nothing so tragic about that . 
  i agree , r/europe is becoming more xenophobic everyday , but i can understand why a lot of people are frustrated with america and the general vibe it sends our way . 
  they vent that frustration through comments like you describe . 
  uh , clearly not , if you read my post . 
   majority that 's pure conjecture and speculation , basing your entire opinion on a group of people off of a few loud extremes does n't get you anywhere . 
  besides , fighting for a point of view does n't mean you are n't aware of the downsides , just that you have weighed them up and seen the positives as weighing out the negatives . 
  promoting a culture of xenophobia and fear are huge downsides to the isolationist pov that the austrian bill is putting forth . 
   your kind you do n't know me mate , i do n't claim to know you . 
  trying to put me in a box so it 's easier to disagree with my character completely wo n't work . 
  itt : people want to rid europe of this ` oppressive ' dress culture by oppressing the freedom to wear that sort of clothing . 
  hypocrisy at its finest . 
  since when did r/europe become r/european ? 
  ca n't say i have , though it does look like a good place for a treasure hunt . 
  the french have just as much potential to be good or bad as you and i have . 
  i meant that most of france is made up of rolling farmlands and wooded hills and , in fact , 4 of the 6 corners of france have extreme environments by comparison . 
   a beautiful corner of france with rolling farmlands and wooded hills . 
  like most of central ~ ~ and western ~ ~ france . 
  it really is a beautiful place . 
  you are right . 
  now thats not true , most of them were just regular people who loved their country . 
  even the 8 million germans who died ? 
  fair enough , i was being a little short-sighted there . 
  was n't liberia s.korea and japan all under the usa 's sphere of influence at one point ? 
  likewise with n.korea and the ussr ? 
  well you have to consider the good with the bad and , objectively , it 's because of the influence of rome and the idealisation of empire that we live in such a peaceful and united world today . 
  obviously some of the things they have done were terrible but it 's unfair to judge them against modern standards . 
  theory on human rights and the value of life only developed within empires with strong education . 
  without rome and its predecessors your average man would not be nearly as well off as they are now . 
  i doubt this is true , corruption and greed were very detrimental to the empire and there are many theory 's on how it could have survived . 
  it 's easier to make someone pay you than to replace their entire administrative structure . 
  whoever the romans thought were n't worth the effort to conquer , they made into client states . 
  fun fact : ancient picts are only part of what makes up the modern scots ; during ireland 's golden age , the kingdom of dalamtia in ulster conquered a large portion of the western islands and lowlands basically moving large amounts of gaels ( called scotti ) to and from scotland . 
  over time the welsh , norwegian and english have had great amongst of influence is scotlands enthinc makeup . 
  that 's just a * little * hyperbolic . 
  it was a common idea among many italians , it was so strong that a anti-culture of ` futurists ' spawned who wanted to tear down the ancient buildings and relics in a destructive war . 
  they interacted with the native celts but decided is was not worth conquering . 
  ireland just was n't valuable enough . 
  there is a reason why pride is often called the worst of the seven deadly sins . 
  keep in mind that the empire had momentum , and sort of administrative change could had caused an eventual collapse but would have had to work against the already expanding empire . 
  the change that made rome collapse was probably not at its peak . 
  quick question for the op . 
  there was a big mutual feeling in post-ww1 italy called the ` italian inferiority complex ' , it was mostly to do with how italians compared their currently weak position against the other powerful europeans and then thought back to the age of the roman empire where ` italians ' ruled europe . 
  ( in fact the idea cased a large anti-culture ` futurism ' to appear ) i know it 's probably a silly question since imperialism is generally now frowned upon , but , is that ` inferiority complex ' still a prominent sentiment in modern italy ? 
  what ? 
  terrorism has been around for a long time , we live ina peaceful era , despite what some might have you believe . 
  one complaint , no choice for whiskey in preferred drink . 
  that 's a dangerous pov , too many people have died because they did n't take the lethality of punching seriously . 
  then you are stupid . 
  punches can be potentially lethal and no one deserves to die for their political views , no matter how backwards . 
  what makes the pride parades so seemingly vulgar ? 
  rip northern ireland , jerry got his wish . 
  true , but i never said it was the largest and most powerful army at the time . 
  my point is that when britain needed to flex their muscles on land ( in india and spain for example ) they had a more than competent force to do so , especially under wellington 's leadership which was considered only second to napoleon himself . 
  which is more than you can say about the prussian or french navy . 
  you could also factor in the difference in politics for each major army which britain had the major disadvantage due to opposition from the whigs whereas the strong military tradition ( and much more autocratic governments ) in prussia and france meant much more national effort was put into the other empire 's armies . 
  something about victim complexes leading to right-wing leaders . 
  the first i 've heard about poland having this problem is in this thread , previously i thought it was just a meme ,, 
  apparently lots of foreign people , especially non-europeans know what england is but not the interior countries or the overall name of the state . 
  my mother was in swaziland a while ago and people there did n't know northern ireland or the uk , just ` england ' , when she was asked where she was from . 
   earlier or later germany would invade uk i think hitler wanted to avoid conflict with the british altogether , his plan was strictly for the continent . 
   britain 's never been a land power what ? 
  you 're forgetting a certain army led by a form of waterproof shoe . 
  go back to 117 ad , make sure the roman empire never falls and turn it into a democratic conglomerate of the various provinces . 
  that way we skip the feudal stage and go straight from imperialism to democracy and modern ideals . 
  most people in the u.k. probably did n't know we existed till yesterday , so i 'm not surprised . 
  i 'm guessing this thread is a mixture of serious and non-serious opinions but from an outside perspective they do n't do us any credit , but , we probably should have seen it coming , there are complicated reasons why the dup are ` in power ' in ni , most people here want a simple one . 
  anyway , i 'm just laughing at the thought of foster having a say at westminister , it 's like putting your granny in charge of a country . 
  suddenly northern ireland is full of terrorists again !, 
  i ca n't stand these threads , thank you for spreading some sanity . 
  first and third panel , top left corner . 
  people are also capable of mistakes , the tyranny of the mob is the reason why most countries are indirect democracies as opposed to direct democracies . 
  that is the most nonsensical comment i have ever read . 
  i certainly do n't blame the people ; they are only human after all and we are , by our nature , easy to manipulate . 
  on a lighter note , the world as a whole is on a progressive trend and i 'm sure the usa will not be left behind . 
  that 's true , but that is a step-up from what we have now . 
  if there will ever be a federal europe , i would be the first to vote for further integration with the rest of the world . 
  you are technically correct , but to raise your own group above others does imply that you think less of the average .
