19-20th century nationalism stains the 21st century . 
  fortunately , individualist ideals are starting to spread . 
  it is n't really fair considering that most academics do n't take jobs until they leave school . 
  isolated incident , blown to major proportions . 
  racism and isolation is not the solution . 
  so people know if they can blame it on the filthy foreigners or not . 
  a 13-14 year old boy got stabbed in the park outside my school two years ago . 
  two drunk kids fighting over a girl 's honour . 
  it taught me that the people who get stabbed usually are n't much better than the offender . 
  remember , this is one person , it is n't important in the grand scheme of things . 
  is it ? 
  i have n't seen any examples of right-wing nationalism , besides the ukip flop , outside of reddit . 
  somehow i do n't think she will win any ` teacher of the year ' prizes . 
  i wonder if people will change their facebook profiles to the turkish flag . 
  i doubt it . 
  meh , i never like orwell 's literature anyway , the scenario 's he describes in 1984 are unrealistic and hopes to sell with ` shock ' value . 
  `` ode to joy '' was an excellent piece to base the anthem on , considering how world renowned beethoven is . 
  a great thing for the world . 
  well , post-ww2 i would say that the spirit of europe is based on cooperation and freedom of the individual . 
  what 's with all this jingoistic nationalism in this thread ? 
  if there ever is a u.s.e. 
  i hope they allow an eu team and teams from each of the federalised states , there is no big problem with a little internal competition . 
  and then the us loses its influence in europe , no country can stand alone . 
  it 's a complicated situation ; frankly , it seems as though the kids were ignorant and did n't have malicious intentions . 
  community service does seems like the wise choice for a sentence . 
  you do n't know that . 
  unfortunately it seems like the individuals , who are motivated to carry out these types of attacks , are gaining the confidence to carry them out ; it might have something to do with the huge media coverage of previous attacks . 
  western civilisation is already predominant around the world , culture is different from that and should be celebrated . 
  you underestimate the power of western influence , we can make a change if the powers want it to happen . 
  whatever the situation is now , a lot can change in a few decades . 
  that 's seems awfully short sighted . 
  its good the the eu 's political influence is being used to encourage social responsibility . 
  if we ever hope to have a world state then stepping up to the mark is required . 
  so what your saying is that , if we truly want to create the use , the people of each nation need a vote . 
  interventionism comes in many forms and concentrations , you are thinking of the extremes . 
  we has isolationism ever helped anyone , the only reason europe is in a decent state today is because of american and british intervention into the continent . 
  it is our job to care for our fellow man , social responsibility and all that . 
  they did n't have to draw lines at all , a united arbia would be a much more peaceful area than our current situation . 
  the question is : how do we get them to respect their fellow man ? 
  how do we turn radicals into moderates ? 
  how do we make them forgive decades , if not centuries , of spilt blood ? 
  the western powers had the chance to fix the middle east , they blew it . 
  does it really matter ? 
  it 's a good set of standards to live by . 
  because we a better for it . 
  isolationism never ends well . 
  well , for one , migration as a concept does not just ` happen ' it constantly happens and the times dictate it 's ebb and flow not a binary ` shut off ' button . 
  centralisation as a concept is about the bring the administrative responsibilities of any state towards a singular focal point , usually this is ideal for a nation because of it 's benefit to the efficiency of running a country . 
  a decentralised nation is typically beneficial for private organisations and businesses but at the cost of the state being tied up in bureaucracy so policy takes longer to implement and is harder to enforce . 
  so , migration from specific ares is not a deliberate act , it is simply a sign of the times , whereas centralisation would be an attempt to make a state more efficient and organised . 
  like i said , incomparable ideas . 
  you do n't seem to know what you are talking about . 
  those are incomparable , centralisation is something else entirely . 
  fair enough , yeah , interesting times . 
  times change whether we like it or not , there is a culture brooding in the uk that is anti-eu . 
  god knows whether that culture will exist in 10 years time , hopefully it wo n't and we can all enjoy a stronger eu . 
  i 'm gon na hazard a guess here . 
  in culture the sort of ` white-man saviour ' complex is a genre or theme of stories where a european man goes somewhere exotic , helps the natives there and falls in love with a local woman . 
  this ` genre ' or trend carried into america and consequently hollywood ( look at films like ` dances with wolves ' or ` the last samurai ' for some modern examples ) . 
  because of how ingrained the movie culture is into american society , i reckon that , to some extent , the idea of a white girl and non-white man relationship is ` unnatural ' to a lot of people there . 
  take all that with a grain of salt , i have n't done any research beyond what i can think of on the spot . 
  i stopped caring what other people did with their lives . 
  if they are happy and do n't hurt anyone , what does it matter ? 
  i 'm still free to practice my religion and my personal connection to god is n't affected by the chance of my gay friend being married at some point . 
  northern ireland is a special case , the dup are really the only remaining party that is n't willing to allow gay marriage . 
  they just happened to be in power while the rest of the uk changed . 
  that will probably change on the 8th . 
  nope , brittany was named after the britons who settled there after being displaced from great britain by the saxons . 
  you can have the ketchup spaghetti , but you ca n't take pineapple away from pizza , that stuff is delicious . 
   chauvinistic i 'm not sure you know what that means , or you just read the rest of my comments . 
  do n't be a prick and judge someone by their nationality . 
  your being a tad pedantic at this point mate , intentional genocide is horrible , no one is arguing agaisnt that . 
  my argument covers when people kill each other for their own benefit , in defence of their homeland or in the expansion of it ( in reference to the expansion of the roman empire ) . 
  intentional genocide against undesirables is a different argument and , i agree , terrible . 
  yes you 're right , i remember fully now . 
  still my point still stands that the celts were better off under roman rule . 
  fair enough , i agree with you . 
  that 's why i put it in quotes man , the soviets wanted thier soi to be heavily developed but had archaic methods . 
  that guy was me , and i 'm not justifying anything because i think it 's a hopeless cause to even try to apply modern morals to past action up to a certain point in history . 
  looking at it pragmatically , as most historians would , civilisation ( even imperialist civilisation ) is better than tribalism in terms of the benefits for everyone . 
  you second point is interesting and something i have thought about for a while . 
  looking back at general history and then the lives of individuals and things they have said and done , its pretty obvious that people have been pretty much the same for the whole of history , there are many cycles and ways of predicting reactions based on actions ect . 
  but , that understand comes from the benefit of hindsight and , for for the most of history , most people would n't have access to the education or knowledge that allowed for that understanding . 
  we can only expect people to do what is in their best interest , that was until ww2 . 
  the war and post-war situation really opened the eyes of huge amounts of people to the value of people over ideology , nationalism and selfishness . 
  we can see that through such events like the civil rights movement , the end of south african apartheid , the decline of empires and the formation of the european union , the united nations and nato . 
  obviously there are examples of actions that are counter to this point but they are hugely outweighed . 
  obviously people are different , it would take time to take hold in certain places and people were aware of such things before even the first world war ; but i think it came to be the worldwide belief it is today , after ww2 . 
  so when we see examples of ` abominations ' , as you call it , post-ww2 , thats when i would consider it to be truly horrible , to act so cruelly despite all we know of the value of other people and the repercussions of those actions . 
  i not a fan of ussr myself , and fair enough , you probably know more about the situation in your country during the cold war than i. 
  all i know , is that the soviets valued industry , civic duty and unity above human life . 
  would it be too much to assume they ` over-developed ' eastern europe at the cost of their people 's liberty ? 
  i never said they were benign , just better than the tribal alternative . 
  gallic tribes were also militaristic societies , which dabbled in murder and slavery . 
  no point in arguing ` who was right ? ', 
  as nobody then had the knowledge we have today about the value of human life . 
  i do n't romanticise the romans , there were people just like us , people who were educated and united under a shared identiy , much like many later empires . 
  the whole ` wasted lives ' argument is difficult because killing people for your own benefit was much less outlandish then because they did n't have the centuries of advanced learning and knowledge that we have today , there was no ` rights of man ' . 
  america is a mixed bag , genocide ( for the most part ) was accidental , people did n't understand modern medicine and had no idea of the consequences of spreading influenza and the like . 
  i 'd also like to mention that i do n't believe any one people have the right to live somewhere , migration is a huge part of ancient and modern history , native americans are the same to me as any other people , and yes , their dwindling numbers were due to the ignorance of colonists and the imperialism of empires ; however , the colonisation of america was ultimately a positive thing because it was simply part of the journey that lead to the world being connected to every part of itself , the drive of colonisation lead to exploration , communication and integration .
