can relate , i am german and when visiting other places i want to see all the things :d, 
  why is the german one the only one with different input and output ? 
  can get both in 500m of my flat in frankfurt , germany . 
  and there are manny more turkish bakeries providing this and more turkish/balkan specialities all over frankfurt . 
  ca n't stand b\u00fcrek with spinach tbh , but the ones with meat are a dream come true . 
  there are obese people who ca n't do anything to remediate their condition . 
  there is a number of illnesses where you have to dedicate your life staying in overweight and not drift into obesity . 
  some of them are side effects from heart medication oder cancer medication , e.g. 
  water is stored fucking everywhere and the body is soaked like a sponge . 
  these people are adipose because of bad luck / genetics and a fundamentally different from eating addicts . 
  they eat like normal people do and still get big . 
  please differentiate and do n't generalize . 
  / rekt, 
  they are part of the trade union , if i recall correctly . 
  is mandatory social security and healthcare counted as a charity donor ? 
  those are used for charitable things like treating cancer or fighting nasty childhood diseases of total strangers after all . 
  it could be from the spanish `` duplonen '' ( engl . 
  doubloon ) , but i am not sure . 
  an english translation therefore would be euroon or some of that sort . 
  we often use the term `` euronen '' for euros in the area i life in germany . 
  http://www.schweiz-shop.com/webroot/store/shops/15168542/496d/c678/0ce3/bcb3/1815/c0a8/28b9/825f/bircher_muesli_original_750g_m.jpg with apples , grapes , or what every my kitchen has to offer on fruits . 
  keeps me working until lunch every day . 
  it 's like an instant healthy breakfast , 5 min and you are done . 
  military structures are not orderly in other countries ? 
  yea we started world wars and united states like the usa and the udssr to stop us ( if just for this one cause ) , this was meant as a `` we managed to fucked up so big , global super powers united to beat us into pulp '' to enforce my point , that a europe with a single country leading - especially my country - will never work . 
  as such a situation will provoke events like the ones 70-80 years ago in germany . 
  so i meant to say quite the opposite of what you understood . 
  why do you bring this obvious point up ? 
  i never said a union should be a dictatorship or anything else based on violence . 
  if i did do so in your opinion please be so kind and tell me which part it did . 
  my english is far from perfect so mistakes might happen . 
  as i am on alien blue , aka . 
  mobile , more easily so . 
  what ? 
  the ones in rhineland palatinate were put into the communities and are often a part of the `` kuhk\u00e4ffer '' . 
  at least in my experience growing up with their children . 
  do n't forget , many of these ghettos , wether by returning germans from the east-block states or the turks we invited to rebuild after the war , build these themselves to keep their culture . 
  the ones wanting to integrate found a way and a community willing to integrate them . 
  maybe not in the depth of the black wood forest or other rural areas with people wanting to join the nsdap in the 1950s . 
  but rather in the city 's and the highly populated areas . 
  wtf ??? 
  i talk about how the members of the eu states should govern together because everything else wo n't ever work for me ( & history proved this over and over again ) and you ask if i am a german nationalist ? 
  \u0ca0_\u0ca0 nothing else than a democratic form of government will work for a united europe . 
  so no , i am far from being a german nationalist , no mater how they call their political party . 
  why not both and stabilize more than your own yard ? 
  yes , that 's why i said fucked up . 
  we did some serious shit a hundred years ago . 
  but calling germany a colonial power is a joke compared to the real colonial empires as e.g. 
  france , england or the netherlands . 
  it obviously was n't , not because we did unite others . 
  but because we managed to let people without common sense or mercy rule our country . 
  who abused their power and killed millions with their actions , who did not deserve or provoke this to happen to them . 
  what were your nations acts that you deem a good idea ? 
  germany is colonial now ? 
  i thought our colonies were a historical joke and gone for good , because we fucked up at the time , and again a few decades down the line to seal the deal ... 
  the last time germany hat global power was during the world wars , were we managed to unite states that would have never done so otherwise ... 
  not sure of the difference , i 'll look it up once i 'm home again . 
  but as long there is a centralization of political power with true might , that is everything i deem necessary for europe to stay relevant and independent . 
  so we would become irrelevant in the next 10-15 years in world politics as china and india are coming up and challenge the usa and russia more every year to come ? 
  not to forget brazil and africa are starting to get their shit together in that time frame as well . 
  if we do not become a federal union , we will sink into obscurity and we will stay the `` old world '' . 
  just without the power we used to wield back in the day . 
  i am german and i really like to think we could do so on our own , but we can not do so in the future . 
  we need europe to unite with us under a new flag to be of relevance in the world in the centuries to come . 
  i do n't want other continents or global powers to dictate the future of my country . 
  my country should decide with their neighbors on the future of the continent !, 
  only as a union this will possible in the coming centuries . 
  and the sooner we begin , the sooner we will have a working union able to concentrate on the problems at hand and not the administration itself . 
  my personal option on this topic . 
  does portugal pay burn wards with the money they get from the eu ? 
  me to !, 
  that 's why i tip towards a coin-less return if the waitress/waiter has n't been to indifferent about her/his customer ... 
  does n't change anything , paying taxes is optional in greece ... 
  as the big partys neglected to bring capable opponents up i highly doubt that ... 
  are you a 72 year old german without english language skills ? 
  its bloody gorgeous is n't it ? 
  this truth hurts deeply ... 
  as much as to everyone else . 
  the state has to do his best to uphold the rights of everyone within its borders . 
  if a minority needs something special to achieve the same rights as everyone else it has to be done . 
  unity , right and freedom are our goals after all . 
  so varufake , mr. zini , verafake and manny other things were tame ? 
  hey may not always target the big problems and people of our time , but he still is extreme in what and how he does it . 
  he is extreme in what he does and pushes boundaries every other nmr episode . 
  who else in german entertainment does this ? 
  b\u00f6hmermann is at the extreme end of the spectrum . 
  but ironic and sarcastic comedy , maybe some times cynical , is what i am used to in germany . 
  but this might just be my own preference in comedy and i just skip the rest i could expose myself to . 
  source : i am a german living in frankfurt . 
  i do feel different about it . 
  it gives of the feeling of an inappropriate , presumptuous request , mainly because it reads as if they wanted to get a permanent `` veto right '' on german arms trades . 
  on the other side thats my feeling about most of israels actions in the past few years . 
  everything that i can remember on the top of my head was made possible through the big brother , who is sending out the green card for almost everything they do . 
  israel is sitting in a glass house and picks up stone after stone and plays around with them . 
  the current political course is bound to throw at least one of these stones in the future . 
  i understand the interest of israel in this matter , but it just is diplomatic idiocy to demand a say in in another countries exports . 
  for me personally , the eu was always at the brits mercy , since major decisions have to be agreed upon by all . 
  most decisions have , in my perception at least , been blocked by the brits . 
  for me brexit unchained the eu . 
  i use spotify via a contract option with my german telekom contract , the data usage is free for me .
