  heh why did we ever drift apart . 
   do you have a source for this ? 
  yes i do . 
  what 's going on with turkey ? 
  turkey is doing extremely well economically, 
  a bit bigger though, 
  no it 's scientific factual evidence, 
  yes , why do you think orc names sound turkish ? 
  orcs were actually based off turks . 
  and the ruin they bring to middle earth represents to decay the turks brought . 
  osgiliath = constantinople minas tirith = vienna, 
   so this leads to what ? 
  #kosovo is rightful hellenic clay #greece the og balkan culture go back to russia and mongulia, 
  are they the uk 's biggest migrant group ? 
  why are poles so disliked in the uk ? 
  we ca n't find work because the baby boomers destroyed the economy and with it the job market , hundreds of thousands of us have left to find work elsewhere in europe . 
  including myself . 
  most of the younger generation who will change greece have already left the country to return one day . 
  much like how our war of independence most of the figures were of the diaspora, 
   that 's the thing i miss most about home . 
  you 're an expat too ? 
  greek expats and turkish expats should start our own country and call it greecy turkey, 
  my grandparents on both sides fought in ww2 . 
  do not compare that great generation of greeks to our baby boomers , the baby boomers in greece have been the worst generation ever . 
  they are a bunch of lazy fools who have built nothing and left us nothing , and took our future . 
  a bunch of pot bellied idiots , greece today is their legacy . 
  when they are all dead , and the younger generation which is far better educated , and more culturally matured takes over , we may actually be able to fix things , but as long as that brain-dead , pensioner army , sorry excuse of a generation is still around they will hold us back . 
  they can all drop dead for all i care , nothing of value will be lost . 
  cultural legacy of the ottomans , thanks . 
  but whatever we got some amazing fucking food out of it . 
  personally i can not wait till our baby boomer generation drops dead, 
  do turkish politicians smoke a lot too ? 
  it 's one of the side effects of the junta , now any kind of laws are just viewed as `` fascist '', 
  can i become a turk if things do n't go well here ? 
  there is also a christian bale movie about the armenian genocide coming out . 
  i really do n't know how batman fits into it but tough year for you guys , you 're the baddies, 
  my turkish friend told me about the greek muslims , like turgut reis . 
  also he told me about the armenian architects who built the neo-classical buildings and palaces in istanbul . 
  i forgot their names though i will have to look it up found them https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/balyan_family, 
  greatest ottoman painter , osman hamdi bey was greek , so was founder of modern turkish poetry tevfik fikret . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_schism https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alexander_of_greece#death, 
  #build the wall, 
  #surprise national schism #monkey assassin kill the king poor king alexander harambe had it coming, 
  ataturk is equivalent of show me the money and black sheep wall . 
  turks cheat not even fair next time ataturk wo n't help them . 
  remember it took the turks 3 times to take constantinople our goats will shake the foundations of their walls as they march on the city, 
  just wait until project `` i-goat 7612 '' is complete . . barbarians will see who is of great . 
  germans really have no sense of humour at all, 
  you said he will lose his `` voterbase '' that 's people who support him . 
  so he would n't lose his voterbase, 
  so how exactly is he losing his voterbase and power ? 
  except his approval rating soared after the coup attempt, 
  let them backlash all they want . 
  they are just being racist . 
  they do n't think olive skin people have the right to form coalitions . 
  #soon german will be paying of debts, 
  my turkish friend told me they have like a trillion teachers just waiting for positions anyway, 
  have you eaten , you get moody when you 're * hungary *, 
  yes , afterwards i will go polish my shoes . 
  reading this comment is making me * hungary *, 
  all a greek needs is frappe , goat , and sea, 
  holy shit they are actually real i thought it was a model for a future building . 
  really cool, 
  ethnicity does not equate to race , but common culture , language , and history , most of the nations in europe were formed on an ethnic bases , so nationality is kinda tied to ethnicity in many cases , for example in greece the majority of people are ethnically greek . 
  in slovakia the majority of people are ethnically slovaks , in germany , they 're ethnically german , in poland , poles , and so and and so forth . 
  so in many countries in europe nationality and ethnicity are pretty much the same , it 's not how like in america where you have a national identity that is completely separated from your ethnic one . 
   so we have to stop people of certain ethnicities from entering . 
  to maintain ` integrity ' . 
  right ? 
  after a certain amount . 
  yes . 
  if say greeks were moving to idk lets say slovakia or hungary or wherever , and we were moving in such large numbers i do n't see anything wrong with either halting immigration or putting a qouta on immigration in order to prevent slovaks or hungarians from losing having a strong majority in their countries i think that 's completly sensible and in all honesty i feel it should be a human right . 
  at some point it just feels like a non violent ethnic cleansing . 
  you have entire cities and towns in europe that have completely lost their `` native '' population and have become majority immigrant communities , for example london is majority non white british today , as john gleese said it 's not even a `` british '' city anymore . 
  thats not what i said though so you 're just putting words into my mouth . 
  i would throw a hissy fit if people got upset at greece for doing the same thing , mexicans are getting mad at trump for wanting to limit immigration but they limit it themselves , bit hypocritical, 
   weird creepy collective right . 
  their called `` group rights '' and europe has plenty already . 
  even some for ethnic groups like the sami in norway . 
  according to the norwegian constitution `` it is the responsibility of the authorities of the state to create conditions enabling the sami people to preserve and develop its language , culture and way of life . '', 
  this provides a legal and political protection of the sami language , culture and society . 
  in addition the `` amendment implies a legal , political and moral obligation for norwegian authorities to create an environment conducive to the samis themselves influencing on the development of the sami community '', 
  funny and ironic considering mexicans are having a hissy fit over trump wanting to limit immigration . 
  i love portugal , i found it strange that they speak brazilian though, 
  it 's not just one there 's a few small ones, 
  #all world greek #america is greek remove burgers #taylor swift greek #nfl is greek !, 
  am i the only one that has a problem with feto , ca n't we use something else ? 
  everytime i hear it i think of feta and get hungry, 
   the byzantines were romans , thus italians , not greeks . 
  #east rome true rome west rome #byzantine of purple #purple empire, 
   ncluding the greek colonies #spain is rightful greek clay # retake spain # spain is byzantine #byzantine spain remove castilla, 
  i am not referring to the byzantine empire , but the ottoman empire . 
   yes there were like what , i am curious ? 
  excluding the age of s\u00fcleyman , i ca n't really think of any achievements in culture , science , or industry , that really stand out . 
  there was no advancements made during the ottoman era , really . . 
  the ottoman empire was good maybe during the the age of s\u00fcleyman , but after that it became a very corrupt rural society of illiterate peasants . 
  completely missing the renaissance , the enlightenment , and the industrial revolutions , failing to reform , modernize , and advance on pretty much all fronts . 
  it was a pretty bad empire who 's rule the region still is trying to recover from, 
  the main driving force for migrants is the welfare and handouts of northern european states , and the open attitude towards them , none of the migrants are coming to greece to stay there . 
  merkel and the germans wants to play mother teresa and after the burden is too much to bare now the germans want to scapegoat and put the problems on greece,
