  who would replace him ? 
  i agree , we need to annex melbourne first , then astoria , queens, 
   do you guys really believe someone like erdogan is actually capable of waging wars and stuff ? 
  he ca n't even control his own army same can be said for mussolini and it did n't stop him, 
  if they do n't i think nato and the eu would be completely ill-legitimatized , it would show the world that nato is n't a serious defensive alliance , and that the eu is not a serious bloc, 
  i wonder if they counted greek expats . 
  a shit ton of us moved to work, 
  i know someone who moved to greece to escape this , i wonder how common it is, 
  yeah seriously italy was a huge fucking dick and now he comes back and is all like `` mama mia my mediterranean brother !, 
  i am a so happy to see you '', 
  god . 
  italy was such a dick in the past , always getting involved in our shit . 
  first they take dodecanese right before balkan wars when our navy was stronk . 
  then they help the turks , then they get involved in corfu , then they try to invade us for no reason at all . 
  like seriously fuck off luigi, 
  how often can you discuss something that does n't change ? 
   what bad happened to piraeus ? 
  nothing bad happened , i was being serious . 
  the chinese manage the port far better than we did, 
   there were complains about worse work conditions and lower pay for the workers . 
  aka paying them for what they actually produce . 
  instead of bloated wages so public sector workers will vote for our corrupt politicians for said wages, 
  `` airspace is racist open the borders '' - tsipras probably, 
  good , german companies will manage them far better , just like the chinese manage piraeus, 
  they do n't need to siege it , there are plenty of turks in austria already, 
  i remember reading a story about an arab man who was kicked out of saudi arabia because he was too attractive edit : here it is http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/2013/04/25/omar-borkan-al-gala-dubai-saudi-arabia-too-handsome-pictures_n_3152761.html, 
  do n't go down to his level , no reason to disparage all swedes just because this ones an idiot, 
  bro i made a joke about the sexually tourism we get in greece ( also in italy and turkey ) , on a thread about sexually active greeks , and he started flipping out about it , talking about how we are hairy unempolyed apes , etc. 
  i think his girlfriend may have taken a trip to mykonos and met stavros , or maybe got al dente in italy because this in particular seems to really hit a nerve with him . 
  the fact he is still talking about it and bringing it to other threads nontheless is fucking hilarious, 
  the feel when you 're not american and ca n't own a assault rifle and do n't have real free speech :(, 
  bullshit allegations and claims . 
  assange is a hero and should be awarded the nobel prize instead of warmonger obama, 
  of course , why do you think they are so successful, 
   there 's no democracy in greece yes there is , greek people are just dumb . 
  durrr lets elect socialists for my gibs me dats hurrrr, 
   greeks do n't want to leave well ... 
   pre-obese pre obese is a bmi between 25 and 30, 
  we do n't even have a healthy diet anymore , this is why i am always scratching my head when greeks here talk about `` le mediterranean diet '' ever since we got more `` westernized '' we been eating the same shit you have . 
  goody 's hamburgers , etc, 
  filis is a fat piece of shit and can go fuck himself . 
  sorry for the language, 
  i was just making a reference to sex tourism from northern european . 
  it 's something that happens all over southern europe , italy , turkey , etc. 
  nobody said anything about being `` sex gods '' we just get it cause we are popular tourist destinations , if sweden was in our location your country would get a lot of it too . 
  people come to our countries to let go and have fun , beach parties , etc. 
  has nothing to do with being `` superior '' relax where i am from it 's common so i was just making a joke . 
  yes it is , it 's the grand master of poland go wiki it, 
  okay ? 
  are you upset about something ? 
  you seem mad . 
  patras is good during the patras carnival lots of nice greek women and foreign women alike, 
  idk , i 'll ask no need for the insults . 
   unless they are desperate milfs . 
  young students , desperate milfs , we have everything . 
  every day fun day everyday beach party, 
  that 's the leader of poland . 
  #it was just a prank, 
  greece is fine too . 
  not all countries have pitbull ban, 
  where i am from , it 's a popular beach party destination so we get lots of students and stuff, 
   croats get avalanches of highschool girls and < 25 olds . 
  god bless our hedonistic beach cultures, 
  especially with all the northern european lady tourists who come here for sexual tourism . . turks and italians also know what i am talking about  growing up in a popular tourist destination was a lot of fun . 
  even spain is too good for you , you 'd be dancing with us . 
  off beat and sweaty, 
  so just use ss ? . . 
  ohhhhhhhhhhh, 
  about time . 
  is n't this the same country that bans the swedish flag and anthem from classrooms because it 's `` offensive '' to foreigners ? 
   relative healthy food culture yeah . 
  that has n't been relevant since forever , greeks are fat as fuck and eat a ton of unhealthy shit now, 
  pew is one of the most respected polling agencies in the world , i doubt they would target turkey for no reason at all , what do they have to gain from such polls ? 
  but whatever anything that does n't confirm what you believe is just anti-turkey propaganda / s, 
  the poll is n't what the divorce rate is , the poll is how many view it as unacceptable, 
   i 'm pretty sure it is illegeal to list people based on what they wear ( or based on anything other than population count ) . 
  i 'm talking about homosexuality and divorce , not headscarves . 
   there are also more divorced people who are already getting divorced aswell what are you even saying ? 
  are you saying 1/4th of turkey is divorced ? 
  plus you have people that are n't married as well . 
  so just controlling for married people is n't accurate . 
  also it does n't mean anything , while one partner may see divorce as acceptable does n't mean the other one does , they may just be forced to do it , etc. 
  so using marriage/divorce stats to see if it 's socially acceptable is inaccurate . 
  also just because something is seen unacceptable does n't mean people wo n't do it  as for the rest feel free to believe what you will but these are all incorrect and it is a fact . 
  well if it 's a fact you should be able to back it up with evidence , so when you get it i would * love * to see it . 
   it means 1/4 of merriages end up with divorce in a single year . 
  the numbers go up in first 5 and 10 years . 
  no . . it does n't . 
  there are more people who are already married than are getting married  so you do think there are 6 million isis sympathizers in turkey ( 200 times bigger than the actual isis ) . 
  you do think we wait 27 years to have sex . 
  90 percent of turkish people hate gays but at the same time we hold the biggest lgbt pride rally in se europe without fearing that they are outnumbered 1 to 10 . when you come to istanbul and izmir you observed half of the girls wear headscarf ? 
  i do n't mean no offense but i think you are full of shit . 
  i would believe that . 
   90 percent of turkish people hate gays but at the same time we hold the biggest lgbt pride rally in se europe without fearing that they are outnumbered 1 to 10 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s2tglkf4p0m oh yea , nothing to fear / s not to mention it got banned this year  . 
  when you come to istanbul and izmir you observed half of the girls wear headscarf ? 
  i would say no in izmir , and more than half in istanbul when you leave the tourist/wealthy areas . 
  some areas even a full chador seems common, 
  here it is broken down into age http://assets.pewresearch.org/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2013/06/2013-homosexuality-01.png looks like all your age groups pretty much view it equally varying around 10 %, 
  how is it biased ? 
   pewresearch also suggested that 90 percent of turkish people find divorce as unacceptable while in reality 150k people divorce each year that 's not a lot at all ?
