ended with the death of stalin . 
  whhhhhhhaaaaaaaaaat, 
  like 10 mons, 
  yeah but we have the whole debt thing , once we sort that it then we can brag , i mean greece is probably the more better off country in the region we still have debt probs , but after that we should be coasting, 
  people with a lot of money, 
   it was the strongest empire in the world for a long time . 
  it was n't though . 
  pretty much after lepento and vienna those days ended , it was powerful for a time but not a long time , it was already an empire in decline by the 18th century , it would have even collapsed in the 19th century if it was n't for the other great powers who feared a power vacuum . 
  during the greek revolution the ottomans failed to quell the rebellion themselves so had to enlist muhammded ali pasha in egypt for help , while technically under the ottoman flag , he operated pretty autonomously , the great powers intervened at navarino countering his intervention so he got pissed and decided to invade the ottoman empire itself and defeated it . 
  the empire was near collapse so the great powers had to intervene to get muhammad ali to fall back , and then again in the russo-turkish war , the russians were right outside the capital and the british had to send ships to deter them , i mean lets be honest . 
  it was powerful in the beginning , but that was pretty much it . 
  power is just one aspect of a great empire , but there are other important things , like legacy . 
  oh greece is shit too . 
  so is turkey . 
  the whole region is a shithole , we have nice beaches and islands doe, 
   must be extra painful being ruled over by a shit empire for hundreds of years then . 
  it did kinda suck . 
  because like i said it was shit . 
   that 's one of the most notable differences , imo . 
  this is not the case in greece though , most rich people live in the suburbs, 
   if the average empire is a 5 , the ottoman empire was at least an 8-9 nah like a 6 . 
  it was shit , name one accomplishment or contribution . 
  it was so shit the only legacy the remnants of the empire fight over is who invented the food . 
  i think too many greeks have moved with the intention of not returning , it 's called a brain drain , i know many who want to go back , but who knows , so i would n't mind them `` going back '' . 
  you act as if greek people have a right to take over the uk , if the people of the uk want to limit greek immigration , expats , etc that is their right to do so . 
   agrarian societies well yeah . 
  but the ottoman empire being the most recent one , should n't have been, 
  i agree, 
  less than 400 , some places like mani and corfu never came under ottoman control , just because the ottoman empire was an empire does n't mean it was great , it was largely an improvised agrarian society, 
  like 1-2 years, 
   ottoman empire was a great power it was more of a like `` kinda great empire '' you know ? 
  like it 's not terrific but i guess it 's still * okay * i guess like a 6 , and then like a 2 during the last few centuries . 
  like if you saw her at a bar alone , you 'd be like `` mhmm okay , that 's nice i like that '' but if the roman empire was next to her you probably would n't notice her anymore , like you know ? 
  she was sorta like the ugly one in her group , but you know - still decent , just not compared to her friends . 
   `` turkey , which has been one of the staunchest advocates of the u.n. and the values it represents since the organization came into being , has assumed very critical roles on issues of vital importance such as the maintenance of global peace and security , mediation , development , humanitarian aid , environment , the alliance of civilizations and the like , '' #lmfao i think erdogan is a master troll , this shit is too funny, 
   if you are white ( or come from the `` correct '' kind of country ) then you are an expat . 
  brits and americans love to call themselves that , when they live abroad . 
  there is a difference between people who emigrate and expats who live somewhere temporary before moving again . 
  if you ca n't tell the difference i apologize for your ignorance, 
   great  ottoman empire pick one . 
  right do n't know why i said years , lol, 
  an immigrant is someone who lives permanently in another country my situation in germany is temporary for work . 
  once i am done here i will go somewhere else , hopefully back to greece to work on the hellenikon project, 
  considering how many forginers are in britain it 's understandable . 
  did n't they do this years ago, 
   it made me think that if this is how russia 's top brass conduct themselves , then the russian threat amounted to little more than nationalist tub-thumping . 
  it does n't matter they have nukes . 
  billy zane is a greek american playing in a turkish propaganda film ... oh boy, 
   that does n't count as collaboration for obvious reasons . 
  what obvious reason ? 
  not really . 
   fact is greece continues to deny their role in the past . 
  no we fucking do n't what the fuck are you talking about . 
  i do n't really know what source i need to prove to you with , greece takes part in the international remembrance day on january 27th , in school we learn about the collaborators , rallis etc and their roles in the holocaust , you 're just speaking bullshit . 
  we do n't deny anything - do have have a source that says we do ? 
  also greece did n't play a role in it . 
  some greeks did , but as a state greece did not , the hellenic state was a puppet government of italy and germany , it was not a legitimate state , we were under occupation . 
  the only place deportations were really successful was thessaloniki , and the judenrat played a role in that btw . 
  other than that - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greece%e2%80%93israel_relations#greek_resistance_to_the_holocaust, 
  we really do n't honestly , i never hear jokes about other countries . 
  so the judenrat , group 13 , jewish ghetto police etc did n't exist ? 
  there are always collaborators and opportunists in every group . 
  the puppet government in greece was not something that greek people wanted . 
  it was forced on us , and individuals who would work best with the nazis were put into power by the nazis . 
  you talk as if greece elected the government , we suffered harshly under the occupation too , famine and disease , and we had a very active resistance movement . 
   greek 's role during/collaboration . 
  in terms of recognition . 
  as i stated already we recognize the actions of the collaborators . 
  god that fucking movie my turkish friend showed me it , it was soooo fucking cringe, 
   we did a few months ago . 
  source . 
  that 's not the israeli government , your government still does not recognize it  your fucking country is . 
  greece recognizes the holocaust and it is illegal to deny it . 
  nobody denies the role of the collaborators , security battalions etc. 
  israel does n't recognize the ottoman genocides though, 
  why does it really produce so much smoke though ? 
   is that how pro-akp turks in western europe and rural anatolia are now referred to ? 
  you think secular turks acknowledge the genocide ? 
   oh is this why we celebrate a war we lost ? 
  we did n't lose the war , we defeated italy , ohi day celebrates the defeat of the italian offensive . 
  while the germans intervened and occupied us while our entire army was in albania , we were an allied country and the allies won the war , we even got territory from italy out of it . 
  ( the dodecanese ) greece fought italy and won , then was occupied by germany had a resistance movement ( which ohi day also celebrates ) and the government in exile also took part in operations in other theaters . 
  so yes , our country `` won '' ww2 . 
  as we were an allied country and the allies won . 
  ohi day celebrates the war with italy https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greco-italian_war and the following greek resistance, 
  paul the apostle ... . . 
   also was not in eu yeah , neither was greece at the time , most countries were n't even in it back then , i think it was just west germany italy , france and netherlands and belgium , the uk did n't even join until 72 i believe, 
  i did n't say we had the best in the eu , that would be either france or the uk ( for now ) i said one of the best , which we do . 
  and we are the strongest nation in europe , with a population of comparable size , i am not stroking my cock over it , you asked if we can afford weapons and i let you know , yes we can , and we have a stronger military than most countries in europe . 
  you 're the one trying to make it a competition, 
   no you kind of were comparing the two countries military . 
  ` we have a far stronger army than the netherlands ' is not a comparison , its saying you are superior . 
  well it is stronger , it is just a statistical fact , we have more men , more equipment , etc, 
  i was just using your country as a comparison so you would easier understand where greece stands . 
   northern cyprus occupation cyprus was n't in nato , and greece had a military dictatorship that was doing a lot of questionable shit , it 's not really comparable . 
  cyprus was a really complex geopoltical situration , it was n't really a typical war in the way if turkey decided to invade greece one day would be . 
  ukraine also is n't in nato or the eu, 
  we have a far stronger army than the netherlands , we have one of the most well equipped and strongest army 's in europe that far exceeds any other country of comparable size . 
  the military is probably the only thing in our country that did n't get budget cuts , and probably one of the few institutions that function well, 
  serious , what would happen if erdogan died .
