  i like the eu and it 's freedom to move and work , found a job in germany in less than a week , lots of young young greeks have moved elsewhere to work . 
  many of us are very eager to move back too, 
  what foreign occupations did albania suffer from ? 
  you guys were in the ottoman empire and were muslim meaning you were at the top of the social hierarchy you were only ever occupied by italy for a few years during ww2 . 
  and i would n't exactly call that suffering either considering they treated you well , promised you and even gave you territory and you even aided them during their failed invasion of our country, 
  sound like america and how they would fix up iraq okie dokie and ended up staying there 10 years and causing an even bigger mess, 
  thank you i am very smart guy, 
  i had to move to find work , i was going to go to ireland , but i thought about it and did n't feel safe due to the high concentration of gingers so i decided going to germany instead, 
  they have colonies to grow their food . 
  if the eu does n't seriously reform and does n't stop heading in this leftest progressive idiotic internationalist direction , than i hope it fails . 
  and fails hard, 
  i would want to be someplace , quiet , peaceful , and rather disconnected from the world stage . 
  so maybe iceland , malta , switzerland , liechtenstein , monaco , etc, 
  thank you , just like back then you give us hope, 
  i 'm guessing countries with a high amount of english posts like turkey are used primarily by people outside the country, 
  sureeee, 
  what world record ? 
  please , anything but tsprias, 
  turkey pls share secretes, 
   there are an estimated one million muslims living in greece i think someone made a mistake with that number . 
  there is probably like 300,000 , most of who are illegal immigrants ,, 
  stop, 
  well if you live in the eu you can move whenever, 
  opps you 're right , too many acropolises to keep track of, 
  goat power , as well as renewable frappe energy , greece is actually a pioneer when it comes to clean energy , most of our co2 emission comes from smoking, 
  his whole post history is that kind of stuff , he 's probably a troll, 
   jokes aside it 's not a fucking joke . 
  we want reparations . 
  #reparations #reparations #greek lives matter, 
  it 's a joke . . 
  i 'm a young greek and i work ... . * in germany *, 
  i thought they were blonde japanese, 
  [ * shhhhhhhhhhhhh * ... 
  i know ... life is n't fair ... everything will be okay my mediterranean brothers . . 
  free stuff . 
  once greece is sealed off , migrants wo n't come anymore , migrants are looking for gibs and when they ca n't find gibs they do n't come . 
  simple . 
  the problem that europe made was treating these people as refugees when in reality they are economic migrants who go up to europe for the generous handouts . 
  if countries like yours or sweden , etc did not have policies they would n't come at all as a matter of fact i would argue sealing off anything is unneeded , we do n't need walls and fences all we need are for countries like germany to change the way they deal with economic migrants , do n't give them asylum , do n't give them free homes and money , and eventually when they realize they will get nothing the flow would stop , of course this wo n't happen because germany it seems has something to prove to the world , not out of the good of their heart mind you . 
  they just do n't want to be seen as the `` meanies '' but they 'll have no problem blaming and scapegoating greece . 
  so we have to go the harder route unfortunately, 
   allowing greek population to return would cause massive problems to both turks and greeks . 
  both sides were bitter towards each other and it would have lead to more tension . 
  how so , the muslim community in greece exists with virtually no issues , the only real issue is that the goverment does n't call them turks , they go to mosque , they have turkish schools and newspapers . . why could n't a greek community exist in turkey ? 
  are you saying turkey lacks the maturity and moral agency to manage having a small greek community in the country ? 
  though to be honest not many greeks would probably move back , greece is far better , high standard of living and quality of life , even with our economic crisis , but the gesture of apology and the offer would do wonders for greek-turkish relations it would be like the earthquake diplomacy, 
   i can take the metro for 15 minutes and walk in rinkeby and get the same experience . 
  poor sweden ... 
   ottoman empire is as the name suggests an empire . 
  turkey is a region in it just like greece was so you did occupy turkey . 
  no it did n't , turkey did n't exist , the land was actually granted to greece legally by the ottomans who were the government at the time . 
  so technically we were legally occupying our land . 
  we later pushed into anatolia to stop the nationalist movement we never meant to occupy it  the prime minister at that time was later executed by military junta for endorsing the pogroms he was executed for many reasons , and what happened after that , were greeks allowed to return , were they compensated for their suffering and destroyed property ? 
  the event was just used by his political opponents to execute him , nothing more, 
   because nothing happened at the greek occupation of turkey . 
  / s we never occupied turkey , we only occupied the ottoman empire , one of the reasons we did this was actually because of the massacres against greeks and other christian minorities that began in 1915 , years before greece would enter ww1 or land in the asian minor . 
   you would know what happened if you knew anything about history . 
  also as you can clearly see in your own link , the population exchange excluded sizable communities in each country , the turks drove out the remaining greeks with discriminatory taxes as well as government organized race riots in the very link you just posted  the turks and other muslims of western thrace were exempted from this transfer as well as the greeks of constantinople ( istanbul ) and the aegean islands of imbros ( g\u00f6k\u00e7eada ) and tenedos ( bozcaada ) . 
  the punitive measures carried out by the republic of turkey , such as the 1932 parliamentary law which barred greek citizens in turkey from a series of 30 trades and professions from tailor and carpenter to medicine , law , and real estate , [ 27 ] correlated with a reduction in the greek population of istanbul , as well as that of imbros and tenedos . 
  most property abandoned by greeks who were subject to the population exchange were confiscated by the turkish government by declaring them `` abandoned '' and therefore state owned . 
  [ 28 ] properties were confiscated arbitrarily by labeling the former owners as `` fugitives '' under the court of law . 
  [ 29 ] [ 30 ] [ 31 ] additionally , real property of many greeks was declared `` unclaimed '' and ownership was subsequently assumed by the state . 
  [ 29 ] consequently , the greater part of the greeks ' real property was sold at nominal value by the turkish government . 
  [ 29 ] sub-committees that operated under the framework of the committee for abandoned properties had undertaken the verification of persons to be exchanged in order to continue the task of selling property abandoned . 
  [ 29 ] the varl\u0131k vergisi capital gains tax imposed in 1942 on wealthy non-muslims in turkey also served to reduce the economic potential of ethnic greek business people in turkey . 
  furthermore , violent incidents as the istanbul pogrom ( 1955 ) directed primarily against the ethnic greek community , as well as the armenian and jewish minority , greatly accelerated emigration of greeks , reducing the 200,000-strong greek minority in 1924 to just over 2,500 in 2006 . 
  [ 32 ] the 1955 istanbul pogrom caused most of the greek inhabitants remaining in istanbul to flee to greece . 
  by contrast the turkish community of greece has increased in size to over 140,000 . 
   i wonder what happened to the greek one in constantinople , imbros and tenedos ... 
  driven out by https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/varl%c4%b1k_vergisi https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_twenty_classes https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/istanbul_pogrom there was around 200,000 greeks in turkey after the population exchange and today they are * maybe * a few thousand , around 2,000 . . in a country of almost 80 million , an insignificant number , mostly elderly people , greeks as an actual community in the country are completely gone, 
  the did n't lower it though it 's still 18 just sensationalist headlines, 
   they lowered age of consent no they did n't, 
  my goat ran away again i had to track him all over , cut into my siesta time . . but good week nonetheless, 
  i know there was a team from lebanon or something that refused to share a bus with israeli athletes also a saudi judoka forfeited to avoid playing against israeli, 
  not really underrated , one of the most visited places here, 
   it was weird . 
  the part ... ok , i do n't remember the name but basically from syntagma square you walked straight towards the hill and there were narrow streets and white buildings and plenty of shops and restaurants ... that part was nice . 
  the ancient stuff was nice too . 
  however , most of the city was loud , unkempt ( understandable ) , dirty . 
  i stayed around omonioa ( wrong decision , i know ) and it felt so non-european ( i know that there was no real risk to my safety , it just felt bad ) . 
  drunkies , homeless people , stray dogs between my hotel & syntagma square . 
  we went out to drink and several places did n't accept us ( we were a mixed-gender , sober , ok-dressed group ) . 
  we walked and drove through residential neighborhoods too , and they also felt weird . 
  and it was just so boiling hot you basically had to enter a cafe every half an hour . 
  yeah i know , trust me . 
  ever since the crisis the place became a major shithole , there are plans to revitalize the area called `` rethink athens '' [ here are some concepts of the project ] ( http://imgur.com/a/tbjpa ) but who knows when it 'll get done , it 's supposed to clean up the city center , pedestrianize a lot of areas , also add more green spaces , trees , plants , etc , that will make the city cooler and less hot ... 
  the area around the port actually has made progress already with the new opera house and library that finished construction this year , opens next year . . we also have a major project at the old air force base that is supposed to attract a lot of investment to the city , actually will be the biggest urban park space in europe when completed . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4zn-3unactc i work as an architect , currently working in germany so i follow these kinds of things , hoping i can move back to work when these things get started, 
   hated athens athens has taken a turn for the worst unfortunately , i hope after `` rethink athens '' it will turn around thessalonkki is a very fun city, 
  probably epirus , especially during winter , hopefully we expand our tourist industry there , great place, 
  d-did you visit greece , d-do you like us ? 
  i know we still have n't payed the d-d-debt sir b-b-but we do our bestest, 
  greece has some areas that avoided the ottomans specifically corfu , which is why it looks like a renaissance city , same with rhodes and chania , they eventually succumbed to invasion but they lasted long enough to develop some nice places , monevasia too most people do n't visit greece for the cities though , they come for the beaches and the small fishing village kinda experience , which we do very well . 
  like nafplio , paros , etc. . small layed back city next to the sea kinda deal , people usually come here to escape the big cities . 
   puglia is n't there still a small greek community there ? 
  i would never move to sweden for the exact opposite . 
  that we are lazy , i mean i only take 2 naps a day . 
   why is it very easy for greek nationals to move to north america because we give them greatest love story ever told ... my big fat greek wedding , also we give tina fey , and john stamos . 
  in return they let us move whenever, 
  many are for work , i came to germany , i get amazing pay i plan to move back as soon as a job appears even if it pays 3 times as low https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ujxwat78-4 i miss home i miss my people i miss my frappe , the frappe here just is n't the same i miss my goat my aegean sea , and my islands my hellenic soul yearns for home .
