  what does that have to do with anything , if anything that validates the data  they claim a lot of bullshit like 95 percent of the turkish people do not have sex without merriage and shit like that that just means the people they poll are full of shit , it just means they are hypocrites who condemn the `` unacceptable '' in others and not themselves  anyone who lives or even visited turkey for short time would laugh their asses off to these claims . 
  been to istanbul and izmir , i would n't laugh my ass off , seems accurate i can see if pewpoll got the data wrong by like 5 % , but someone here suggested all of western turkey is similar to this , if that was true it would be around 40 % or something , and that just does n't seem realistic , i doubt they would get the data * that * wrong . 
  edit : i would really like to hear the reason pew , one of the most respected polling agencies apparently is completely wrong with turkey , and just turkey , is it some bias , what do they have to gain ? 
  very interested in hearing , it seems turks just do n't like hearing things that may be interpreted as negative about their country , and just shrug off statistics , etc as anti-turkish propaganda, 
  bias does n't matter when you have a source, 
  according to pewpoll only 9 % of turks see homosexuality as socially acceptable i would n't take this video of being representative of turkey http://assets.pewresearch.org/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2013/06/2013-homosexuality-05.png even if all of west turkey was similar the number would be higher, 
   i do n't know how successful it could be to be honest . 
  greeks see themselves as the true and historical leaders while russia sees itself as the more practical leader due to size . 
  greeks would have no problem with russian leading that . 
  trust me . 
  why the fuck would greece which is a small little country lead something like that, 
  i do n't think atheist tsprias cares much about orthodoxy, 
  so pretty much just like germany , the u.s , etc. 
  australia is much bigger than that australia can stretch entire atlantic from france to new found land, 
   you cant sympathize to both . 
  yes we can , there is no eu rule that says greece ca n't make deals , etc with russia if the eu expects solidarity , it should show some of it 's own , whenever we raise concerns about our troublesome neighbor the eu ignores it , meanwhile they still expect us to be behind them in all things concerning russia , fuck them . 
  it 's also kinda hypocritical as well , when countries like greece want to improve relations with russia the eu throws a fit , meanwhile they 'll shrug off territorial claims by turkey . . turkish aircraft violate greek airspace pretty much daily , not a peep from the eu , meanwhile they get upset at ivan flying a jet over finland . 
  i once talked to a pole who was upset i did n't hate russia , and i asked him if he hated turkey , he said no - so i asked him why ... 
  he said because turkey never hurt poland and was n't a threat to them , and i turned it around on him , russia never hurt greece and is n't a threat to us , so why should i care about poland 's problem when poland and the rest of the eu can give two shits about greece, 
  that 's just ridiculous , everyone knows the fork was invented in greece, 
   `` but these are the people we taught to eat with a fork a couple of centuries ago , which may explain their behaviour today . '' lmfao, 
  not everyone in greece wanted to go to war many people where were very vocal against it , like ionnanis metaxes , many knew it was n't a good idea , constantine actually was thought of to want to pull out , and that 's why many people voted for his return , he decided to countinue though for w.e reason , greek people voted for an anti-war candidate, 
  we also had poltical shit too , for excample constantine purged the army of a lot of venezilist officers and replaced them with inexperienced ones , one of them was even mentally ill and thought his legs were made of glass . 
  population projections while accurate are often caught off guard by new variables that may drastically change a situation in a country . 
  for example , the baby boom after ww2 completely overshot projections , when aids started to spread , more people died in developing countries so population projections were higher than they were , etc. 
  the baby boom was also miscalculated and the projections ended up being a lot higher than they actually were countries like the uk will most likely stay the course , as nothing drastic has happened in the past 10 years and nothing seems to be happening in next 10 that would really flip life over so i expect projections to be accurate for them as well as other countries like germany in a country like greece i have my finger crossed that after the economic depression whenever that is , due to the new found wealth , happiness , stability , and security we can have a `` baby boom '' similar to how the end of ww2 led to one, 
  free shit !, 
  yay !, 
  that was russia invading, 
  is this a real town ? 
  or is a tourist attraction ? 
  the buildings look cartoony like what you 'd find at disney, 
  what 's in them ? 
  what got leaked ? 
  the people who actually committed the crimes were driven by the cult of personality and the collective madness . 
  it was turkish citizens taking part in the pogrom . 
  does n't matter who organized/planned it . 
  they exploited the cult of personality , which is why cults of personality are dangerous , the whole cult of personality around ataturk was created to exploit it politically , kinda like how people use islam and other religions for political reasons . 
  want to overthrow a government ? 
  `` they are attacking ataturk 's legacy ! '' . 
  want to discredit a political opponent ? 
  `` he does n't like ataturk '' . . want to get rid of the `` greek problem '' ? 
  `` the greeks bombed ataturk 's child hood home ! '' ... 
  etc etc etc, 
  reminds me of sydney australia, 
  lol you would be a swede, 
  they literally had a race riot and were burning down greek homes and greek businesses and killing and raping greeks because they thought someone had bombed his house in thessaloniki , that 's fucking collective psychopathy , this is why cult of personalities are dangerous https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/istanbul_pogrom  according to most sources , between 13 and 16 greeks and one armenian ( including two clerics ) died as a result of the pogrom . 
  however , a number of deaths were never recorded due to the general chaos , so estimates vary . 
  an early source gives the number of dead as 0 , [ 39 ] but later sources and witness accounts do not affirm this . 
  according to a number of other sources the total death toll is estimated to be at least 30 . 
  [ 1 ] [ 37 ] apart from the thirty identified victims , an additional of three unidentified bodies were found inside the shops , while three burned bodies were found in a sack in the region of besiktas . 
  [ 37 ] moreover , 32 greeks were severely wounded . 
  men and women were raped and islamized by force , and according to accounts including those of the turkish writer aziz nesin , men , including a priest , were subjected to forced circumcision by members of the mob . 
  [ 2 ] moreover , an armenian rite christian priest died after the procedure . 
  [ citation needed ] priests were also scalped and burnt in their beds and greek women raped . 
  [ 2 ] [ 40 ] [ 41 ] [ 42 ] nesin wrote : that 's what they did in ataturks name . 
  it 's a fucking cult . 
  yeah i know , i personally do n't see it as the same, 
  she 's really good expect for the migrant thing , if it was n't for that she 'd probably have like 100 % of the vote . 
  seriously that 's the only thing she does bad, 
   guess who was part of that fleet ... #blyat soviets helped the turks though , and also sent a shit ton of greeks to gulags . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_operation_of_nkvd though you can argue that the soviet union was not really `` russia '', 
  that 's really awesome, 
  #go back to mongolian, 
   not the guillotine . 
  europe got soooo boring after the whole human rights thing, 
  i wish greece could arrest our criminals like this, 
  i was referring to andreas, 
  turkey usually plays the role of russia when it comes to airspace violations, 
  it 's a joke, 
  i 've been working in germany as a architect for a while now, 
  considering germany is like star trek compared to greece you do n't need to try hard, 
   but so many of them are retarded * most of them * i am trying to lose my greek accent , practicing everyday , i will lose it and just tell people i am german , i do n't want anything to do with greece anymore, 
  that 's because there is no place for them to pee in athens bro . 
  * especially * italy, 
   just adores karamanlis , though he 's the chief person to blame for greece 's financial catastrophe . 
  lol papandreou did n't happen in your world , huh ? 
  oh yes , and the americans are beacons of honesty, 
  when hillary clinton says russia hacked her email to help donald trump americans eat it up, 
  i think it has to do with the fact blaming the west has been ingrained in them for generations from the cold war , it 's like in america they go around blaming russia for everything , even for donald trump . 
  yes there is , greeks on reddit will tell you no however like i see one already did, 
  that 's cute . 
  just the tourism boom we get every summer , it will go back up over the winter . 
  greece wo n't make any progress as long as tsipras is in power, 
  exactly , thank you . 
  i wish we had some romanians come to greece and educate our socialist on how wonderful it is in practice, 
  the best way to end political corruption and incompetence is to take power away from them by liberalizing the economy, 
  yes ( they ar n't ), 
  i want the policies to be implemented , i want to privatizations , etc. 
  the problem is , tsipras is n't doing it . 
  so please do n't talk about something you know nothing about . 
  we are supposed to return to `` growth '' next year . . ca n't wait till the socialists leave office . 
  how many people have been purged so far ? 
  congrats germany, 
  #southern italy you forgot southern italy, 
  it 's the only thing we do n't cut, 
  lmao italy . 
  they can invade your country and encounter no resistance and still fail from their armies dieing of frostbite or something, 
  osman was n't half greek he was fully greek you may be confusing him with tevfik fikret, 
  makes you think huh,
