  stavros sails unknown seas for now , one day i will return to mother hellas, 
  even if the eu federalized i hope we keep the national teams for everything ... the olympics , the world cup , etc would be extremely boring, 
   monastir greeks do n't care about that kind of stuff anymore . 
  irredentism is sort of an old thing here , nobody really takes that shit seriously, 
  the seasons for anyone intrested first winter second winter third winter fourth winter fifth winter, 
  those kinds of things can be found everywhere , greece has the longest coastline in europe after norway and hundreds of populated islands , there is a lot of room for growth in tourism . 
  but greece is too socialist to grow , we are turning an old airport into a massive park and resort in athens , and syriza officials are already trying to hinder it because it 's a private company doing in . 
  turkish economy is doing real well though ? 
  i hope one day , greece can have articles like this on / r/europe and everyone will tell us how proud and happy they are ... : , (, 
  bingo part of greek underdog culture is always pointing the blame at someone else , our crisis is homegrown, 
  just move to germany like the rest of us lots of nice jobs just waiting, 
   the eu is close enough though . 
  the eu is as much of a farce as your `` holy roman empire ' , how dare you compare the glory of rome to such a thing, 
   japan has also had two decades of no growth . 
  are the eu and euro to blame for that as well ? 
  listen i know you 're american and you 're probably very poorly educated , but japan and the eu are very different , the reason japan is not seeing growth is because of their underground giant robot program where all the extra money goes to , italy has no such program, 
   imagine where they would be wih an economy like germany or norway !, 
  you would n't be a country anymore , we would have restored rome long time ago and conquered you germanic bar bars, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_cigarette_consumption_per_capita up there but not quite, 
  did n't you guys used to have just titles like `` pasha '' etc ? 
  crazy !, 
  next you take goat !, 
   how about we ban smoking altogether here why would you ban breakfast ?!, 
  what 's next frappe ? 
  yeah but then the world cup will be boring af , the world cup is basically just south america and europe , i do n't think anyone but a south american , and european country has ever won . 
   i completely agree with you on making modern greece worthy of the ancient one . 
  ca n't wait till we bring back helots , pederasty , and constant war !, 
  ancient greece is nice and all , but it is over romanticized , ancient greece in reality was an incredibly brutal place ... slavery , war , etc. 
  the fruits of ancient greece was only enjoyed by a small minority of aristocrats , the general population lived rather bleak , and miserable , short lives . 
  people often let the epics mask the reality of life . 
  he 's saying he does n't like the fact it is the dnc being targeted , if it was the republican party he 'd probably be more happy, 
  i do n't really feel like having a political debate here , but the only reason i heard against mitsotakis is his name . 
  tsprias has shown he is incompetent and too much of a leftist to implement necessary reforms , which is why the polls show he has lost popularity , next election he 'll be gone , thankfully . 
  he 's just a populist nothing more , he fell back on every promise and has done nothing to move our country forward , and him and his party do n't do the needed privatizations , even the elliniko project they are trying to ruin now, 
  we lost um sorry i could 've sworn i left them on the table with my keys, 
   mitsotakis how so ? 
  luckily the polls suggest nd will be back in power , and we wo n't have to deal with socialists anymore , we can continue privatizations , crack down on illegal immigration , etc, 
  the reason we use history is because they use history and revisionism to propagate the idea of a united macedonia we do it just to counter it , the actual political reason is because they want our clay, 
  exactly why we do n't tolerate their shit . 
  nobody cares about the history stuff , the reason we do n't like the name is because it feeds their irredentist concept of `` united macedonia '' their textbooks teach their kids that northern greece is their rightful clay , not something we will tolerate . 
  we offered alternatives , if they do n't accept we will continue to veto , simple . 
  we have suggested names like `` northern macedonia '' and `` vardar macedonia '', 
  wait so what are they gon na do cut through the city ? 
  he was probably referring to the kurds , i think he or his party did massacres against kurdish people, 
  that 's why the balkans will never progress , everyone is so far up their own ass they ca n't even see greece invented raki, 
  well of course he does , he 's a socialist idiot who wo n't make the necessary reforms to get us on the right track , he 's a fool and we wo n't actually make any real progress until 2019 at the very latest when he 's voted out . 
   now in invest in greece pls, 
  and i can stop waving my hands around speaking loudly and quickly at foreigners calling them `` malakas '' every other other sentence, 
  well it ai n't working in greece that i can tell you, 
  thisa melta my heart, 
   greece is going to get stabbed in the back by the rest of europe as we wall it in if this deal falls apart . 
  it 's 1204 all over again wish someone would just nuke our fucking country and get it over with . 
  it 's clear we are the scapegoat and the sacrificial lamb hopefully if this is what it comes to , we maybe can get a debt haircut or something . 
  moussaka ( greek dish ) #yes that 's right malakas eat your heart out ottomens, 
  do do - do do do do - do do do do - do do do do - do do do do - do doooooooo doo do do dooo do , do do doooo, 
  # no need to be upset bulgar u mad u only have black sea inforier black sea not glurios like aegean !, 
  many pretty islands drink wine in santorini stuff ur butt in mykonos see grand palace in rhodes !, 
  have many fun times for fun things !, 
  everyday a party every day beach day !, 
  never sell of islands debt will be of paying soon greece stronk !, 
  greece make many olives in our glurios fields !, 
  we sell olives get rich while bulgar live in cave in mounatin !, 
  stavros comes for u sleep well littl one soon goat calvery march on sofia !, 
  #go eat ur chheeese frenchie, 
  #you dare insult glorius motherland of russia ?!?!, 
  third rome glorius russia, 
  #bulgaria was of invade orthodox brothers bulgaria is of orthodox brother no more #you are of worst bulgar , return to bulgaria to our bulgaria cousins you may cum our cuntry u may live in zoo hahahahaha # [ tupac alive in serbia tupac make fast raps in serbia hahaha make rich serbia ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dkqtm4k68me ), 
  #bulgaria is of traitor to glorious orthodox union !, 
  #side with kebab ww1 , and germans in ww2 against glorious mother russia and orthodox brothers !, 
  i hear it 's very easy to get into art school there nowadays . 
  the video for the curious : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=80j0fce69to, 
  i really do n't see a similarity if i 'm being honest, 
  was n't there a far right dude saying this yesterday ? 
  barbarian northern tribes and their antics ... 
  well yes that would be rather breaking news for german men hurhurhur, 
  is this normal behavior for a german afternoon now ? 
  people may confuse them with italians . 
  the flag is similar too, 
  lmao, 
  well the question is a really loaded one , poor way to ask imo . 
  nothing `` nonsense '' about national defense . 
  tsipras is a socialist idiot , he could n't fix a microwave dinner, 
  yes , the economic crisis , the government is viewed as very corrupt and dirty , probably the reason the rest of the balkans is much lower as well , despite the balkans being a hotbed of nationalism . 
  now that i 'm thinking of it i probably would say no too , so the number does n't really surprise me after some thought . 
  yeah but cretans are fucking crazy though , it 's our version of texas . 
  source : am cretan . 
  many greeks including myself , are very upset with our country right now . 
  things in greece also are n't that shitty to warrant some kind of violent uprising , it may get there though . 
  im surprised/depressed my country is so low , i hope its more of a result of dissatisfaction with our current government and state rather than just in general, 
  ireland is ded, 
  greece 's problems stem from poor fiscal responsibility , not so much poor work ethic, 
   what pan-european policies do you think or want them to advocate ? 
  #restore rome , crush germanic barbarians, 
  pls just let me have this, 
  hehe . . hey ... hey britannia ... pssst ... * pay debt *, 
  supporting a military dictatorship that usurped democracy is bad . 
  america supported them and legitimized them . 
  of course supporting oppressive undemocratic regimes is kinda a past time in the states . 
  the u.s did it all over south america which is why anti-americanism is very prominent there as well . 
  as long as it serves american interest your government has no problem with it , of course when their interests are threatened they have no problem playing the role of `` liberators '' as well , just like in the middle east , the disaster you caused there is another reason people here do n't like america,
