you might be right , i was mostly being glib anyway . 
  i hope you guys figure something out . 
  holy shit . 
  none of those prices sound right to me . 
  gas here is around 1/2 the price , the train is $ 1.50 each way , which is half the price too . 
  my condolences . 
  530/month ? 
  jesus , what 's the price of gas ? 
  how ? 
  they wo n't be borrowing so they wo n't care about interest rates . 
  the money they owe is owed to external groups , not their citizens . 
  i would think it would probably increase confidence and investment , not reduce it . 
  if the eu wants to be a nation , they have to start with empathy . 
  the most important part of a successful nation is that the people within care about each other and want each other to succeed . 
  it ca n't be a tyrannical overlord that terrifies its members into submission - if only due to the fact that it 's fundamentally too weak to be able to do that . 
  britain is leaving . 
  now europe has a choice - throw a fit and `` punish '' britain for obeying the results of a referendum ( !, 
  ) , or do the best they can to achieve the best outcome for everyone . 
  the difference between countries and trade deals is that countries care , and inspire loyalty . 
   the problem is that rather than the us old republican party ( our integrationists ) , our us federalists have n't really united into a `` states-rights '' party , but instead as opposition to the whole thing . 
  the us never really had that except for the civil war . 
  yeah , the us had pre-existing bonds and - importantly - a war of independence to bond them together . 
  europe has a history of disagreements . 
  but i think the eu in some form is both inevitable and desirable for the european continent in order to maintain relevance going forward . 
  as an american , a strong europe would be both a great trading partner and a powerful influence for good in the world , especially with a rising china . 
  for europeans the necessity is obvious . 
   i do want to nuance that british success threatens the survival of the eu though , i think that is a key consideration too . 
  i do n't agree with you on britain . 
  the articles of confederation actually has a clause granting canada membership in the us if they wanted it ( they did n't ) . 
  but canada 's independence is n't a threat to us - they are great friends and neighbors whether within or without . 
  i think the eu needs to do a better job of being an asset to its members rather than a sword of damocles waiting to drop . 
  sure , maybe they could destroy britain - but why ? 
  if britain wants to be independent , then be as close to them as possible . 
  european unity is n't going to be gained through bullying , it 'll be gained through co-dependence . 
  if the eu is so good for its members , let it show it . 
  the bottom line is that i do n't think it 's strong enough to enforce its will . 
  assuming no trade deal is reached , britain will come out of this with a lower pace of gdp growth - not ideal , but hardly terrifying . 
  if the eu is still in its current state during the next election cycle it really could spell disaster . 
  i get where you 're coming from . 
  a few years ago i would have agreed with you . 
  and honestly , i 'm not happy being a taxpayer in the world 's last empire . 
  but nowadays i 'm more and more convinced that we really do have to do it . 
  we 're not particularly good at managing the world 's problems - in fact we 're downright shitty at it , but i do n't like what i saw creeping into the vacuum during the obama years . 
  russia , china , iran , isis ... they need someone to keep them honest , and unfortunately there 's no one else to do it . 
  so yes , we are allied with saudi arabia . 
  and i 'm glad . 
  our soft power keeps saudi arabia on the reservation as a shitty fucked up country that mostly does n't cause too much trouble . 
  yes , they kill gays and women and idolators . 
  yes , they sponsor terrorism . 
  but without the us , they would be a real danger as opposed to a mere disgrace . 
   so there 's this period in american history between 1870-1880 . . you should read up on it someday when you have time . 
  ha , well , fair point . 
  actually what the eu is going through right now really does resemble the us under the articles of confederation . 
  at some point europeans are going to need a constitutional convention to decide on the future of the eu . 
  i think it 's in the eu 's self interest to be seen as benevolent , not strong . 
  they are n't strong . 
  the british will have lower growth going forward - they 'll be fine . 
  the eu can either have them as a friend , or not . 
  to paraphrase machiavelli : it is better to be feared than loved , but be careful not to become hated . 
  the eu is doing a good job making enemies every time they have the chance . 
  italy is going to need help soon - what will they do then ? 
  180 billion dollars . 
  it 's fucking simple . 
  just negotiate a trade deal for free movement of goods without free movement of people and be done with it . 
  you people are turning this into a huge political crisis when it really does n't have to be - you both want a trade deal and you both know it so just kiss already !, 
  i do n't know why any country would want to be in the eu if this is how you guys treat people who try to leave . 
  if california or texas seceded i would be heartbroken , but i would n't want the government to push them into the sea . 
  i 'd want to make the separation as painless as possible and be the best friends we possibly can . 
  they 'd still be family . 
  if the eu wants to be a nation it needs to grow up and start acting like one . 
  you 'll always have me baby . 
  it 's all a ploy to bring back us manufacturing jobs . 
  4d chess folks . 
  what it really means is that the uk has leverage to demand what they want . 
  free movement of trade without free movement of people , for instance . 
  on the surface the `` brexit bill '' seems like european leverage , but it 's really a liability . 
  it 's what they need , not what they have . 
  okay but we talked it over and we want 90 billion dollars . 
  true , most of them are already here . 
  [ the bill just got 10 billion higher !, 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2017/04/02/britain-will-get-money-back-eu-instead-paying-leave-plans-considered/ ), 
  protectionism is n't just about tariffs , it 's also about low interest rates and currency devaluation . 
  japan is n't exactly protectionist because of these policies - they 've been struggling with deflation and debt for decades , so they are necessary for other reasons - but they do have a strong distortionary effect on their economy . 
  if they really have a primary budget surplus why not just default ? 
  it makes them seem more legitimate . 
  that would require them to talk about something that 's not trump . 
  besides , no one here cares about the un . 
  good luck !, 
  i 'm telling you , it 's an easy , simple lifestyle change but you 'll be amazed how much work you get done . 
  as long as you grind out a small amount when you 're uninspired , you 'll be in the chair when you are inspired . 
  every single day , no matter what . 
  that means today , soldier . 
  god bless you , 
  `` i believe that a scientist looking at nonscientific problems is just as dumb as the next guy . '', 
  - richard feynman my point is simply that he 's not a `` redneck oil rig worker out of work for 6 years '' or whatever . 
  most trump supporters are solidly middle class , they 're just pissed off at the washington class and are happy to see trump take a hammer to the machine . 
  honestly , i do n't disagree with them and i 'm glad trump won myself ( although i hated him before he did and did n't vote for him ) . 
  institute liberum veto . 
  the oil war has been my favorite news story the past two years . 
  more entertaining than trump , hillary , russia , north korea ... watching all of the world 's shittiest countries desperately failing to compete with a chaotic mess of oil rigs in backyards has been utterly delightful .
