ha i was wondering why it was n't automatically capitalised on my phone ... that explains it !, 
  i have a luxembourgish friend fluent in english french german luxembourgish , really good italian and conversational spannish ... 
  i felt stupid, 
  well do n't i feel stupid !, 
  is ireland 's the same ? 
  well our property prices are beginning to recover , especially around dublin ... so now :p, 
  should your answers be based on country you live in or country you are from, 
  sure it 's only a bit of rain ... would n't hurt a fly !, 
  it 's not acid your going out in ya know :p, 
  yea no it 's not a city ... just a town ... kerry 's number plate is ky which means its a county with out a city it 's funny after moving to luxembourg and seeing what they qualify as a city i do n't feel so bad about our ones any more :p, 
  yea ... limerick too ... and eh ... does kerry have any cities ? 
  ah ok ... i 'll calm down so :p [ met eireann ] ( http://www.met.ie/climate/rainfall.asp ) says  the average number of wet days ( days with more than 1mm of rain ) ranges from about 150 days a year along the east and south-east coasts , to about 225 days a year in parts of the west . 
  i am so calling bullshit ... the irish cities on the west coast have to be on that list . 
  i think i 've been 2 galway twice when there was n't torrential rain, 
  you 're the best one :p, 
  oi you 're one of the few luxembourers i 've met !, 
  nah but it really is so odd how you can totally miss ye . 
  like not all but a good portion of luxembourgers are very enclosed and are n't that bothered meeting others ... it is a bit odd, 
  when you take those figures plus the fact that a large portion of people who work in lux live in germany/france/belgium you really see why it can take a lot of time before you meet people that fully consider themselves luxembourgish !, 
  we never really hurt anyone else ... just let a lot of bad shit happen to our own people . 
  we were very judgmental against those we seen as being less or unmoral and did n't really care what happened to them . 
  while its good we never did any international atrocities the ones we let happen at home are just as shameful !, 
  i always thought that was the n.ire flag . 
  always considered ulster 's just to be the red hand ... 
  learn something new everyday, 
  my personal favourite * ** may the devil rip your testicles off ** go r\u00e9aba an diabhal na magairl\u00ed asat, 
  that 's my dad !, 
  confounding people the world over !, 
  normal white pan loaf ... 
  when i seen this first in my inbox i thought it was someone listing what they know about ireland ... was worried for the poor deluded fecker !, 
  it really is just the best thing ever !!, 
  i still randomly choose to have fr ted days and just watch all 3 seasons ... it sadly does n't take that long tho ... there 's just not enough !!, 
  you clearly need to meet my dad ... bread goes with everything ... we 'll be having chicken curry with rice ... dad a curry sandwich ... bolognaise sandwich is one of his favourites !, 
  yea like when you consider england the celtic thing is the big difference but with celtic regions such as scotland and wales we would be very similar . 
  obviously there are differences to be found but on the majority it is probably similar enough . 
  saying that though it did sorta raise my heckles ... not enough to down vote you because you 're not wrong ... i just do n't like it when people say we 're the same ... but that was back when i assumed england ... no issues being the same as scotland !, 
  i was going to go for bread or something ... but ya know what ever floats your boat !, 
  this made me happier than it probably should have !!, 
  but woop sexy accent !!, 
   i 'm scottish mate , we 've probably got more in common with irish culture than south east english culture . 
  my bad !, 
  i assumed english when i seen the union jack !!, 
  that flag encompasses too much for me to be making generalities !, 
   you kidding ? 
  i went through about 5 years of not being able to stand the things ` cos growing i always felt like my plate was 80 % potato and 20 % other food . 
  no not kidding ... like the minute i thought about it you 's were obviously going to be potato people ... hardly rice or pasta ... but for some reason my head never made that connection before i just always though you had something else, 
   essentially just a mini britain culturally . 
  apart from the whole celtic traditional part of our culture !, 
   like their tea and potatoes just as much as we do . 
  never realised ye were potato people too ... high five for potatoes !, 
   father ted is funny . 
  i always wonder what other countries think of fr ted ... like to me its soooo irish i just cant imagine others getting all the wee jokes in it . 
  like obviously at least the uk does because it was ch 4 that released it and it was really popular but i do wonder how much goes over some peoples heads !, 
   massive fan of the accent , something about it makes a girl so much more attractive . 
  really ? 
  i always here our men have good accents but didnt think us girls did too ... you 've made my day !, 
  also ye scotish are my favourite accent ... we should be friends :p, 
  ah feck it sure it does the job , what more could ya want ? 
  i have never heard of chan and i 'm from ulster . 
  i 'm not doubting you most of my irish teachers were from the south so it probably is n't that surprising that i would n't have been though it . 
  it 's just weird to know that even after 13 years of having to learn it i did n't know something as simple as the fact that we have something other than n\u00ed for no/isn ` t !, 
  awh i want to give you all the upvotes for using craic !, 
  i 'm from cavan so we had it the last 3 years and the council was apparently told that we are in reserve to hold it if anything bad happens up there in the run up . 
  really dont want this to happen would be terrible like and fleadhs cant be organised in a few weeks either . 
  are you serious ? ... how stupid can people be ?? 
  they should be happy to see the culture they apparently are so proud of being included in the cities plans . 
  bloody idiots !, 
  fleadh is amazing by the way if you havent been to one and are anywhere close i 'd advise you to go . 
  there is nothing like the atmosphere at it , and the skill of the musicians and dancers are unreal ... made me really regret my lack of musical ability !, 
  oh i know !, 
  no one ever really does like . 
  i always assume people are joking.i just meant for future reference and stuff . 
  i and most irish are fairly easy going but there are a few that would not take this well so just for your own heads up really, 
  because that would n't cause any trouble . 
  us irish would n't mind that at all like . 
  i do assume you are taking the piss like and not being serious i have a few british friends that say this every once in awhile as a joke . 
  its just one i really dont like and find in really bad taste . 
  im sure you meant it as a joke so no hard feelings or anything but just to make you aware there are some people out there that this joke will really piss off . 
  what do you think about the fleadh ceoil na heireann being held in derry this year . 
  think its the week of or week after the aprentice boys march . 
  in theory it 's a great thing but i ca n't help being slightly worried about such an `` irish '' event taking place when tempers and feelings would be running high especially with the number of tourists that go . 
  would hate for them to get a bad idea of derry or even irealnd as a whole because of it, 
  it 's so annyoing ... i 'm only fairly new to lux and i like to use google street view to see places i 'm going to so i 'll know when i get there ... if that makes sense ... and when i found out lux didnt have it it was so shit !, 
  luxembourg isnt covered !, 
  it 's a bit of craic ... it 's not supposed to be taken seriously !, 
  on the surface he is very easy to overlook ... easy to forget his masters in sociology and that he 's manged to serve at every level of irish politics with out one stain on his record , that is until you hear him speak and you realise just what a great man he is !, 
  i 'm actually really sad he 's said he 'll only do one term . 
  he really is a great asset to our country and lets no overlook the act that he is the cutest president on earth !!, 
  i 'm the exact same . 
  to me gardai seem so much friendlier and approachable than other police forces because of their lack of guns . 
  i remember getting lost in germany and nobody wanting to ask the police man for directions because they seemed so intimidating with their gigantic guns . 
  i think i always compare it back to names when i 'm in a country with an armed force i feel more like i 'm being policed that i have to watch what i do . 
  but with an garda siochana it more feels like they are there just to keep an eye out for us and make sure we 're safe so more of a guarding role . 
  obviously it does come down to being the exact same thing , if you 're doing nothing wrong no police force will interfere with you but i am much more relaxed around unarmed police force !, 
  um i speak irish ... terrible german and am currently trying to learn luxembourgish and french, 
  no he cant eat any milk products such as any cheeses or cream, 
  thank you !!, 
  if we said he was allergic to lactose would that be well enough understood that people would know what foods he couldnt eat ? 
  i dont mean for that to seem rude , i just know we have had issues with people understanding it before and that was when i could speak the same language as them . 
  thank you !,
