  in case of uae vs canada you 're dealing only with culture and the choice is not as obvious . 
  i wish i were sarcastic , but leftism has no limits . 
   so how can they blame germany for racism when they 're german ? 
  they will ask them to check their white germanic privileges , because non-white germans do n't get the same opportunities . 
   curiously , round here they rather say that all the factories are moving to the fomer eastern bloc from here , destroying our manufacturing . 
  guess where the money goes from sold products, 
  better question : would you rather go to uae or canada ? 
  economy more similar , but completely different values, 
  ever heard of free movement in the eu ? 
  protip : checking people at the border does n't mean you have to kick everyone inside out, 
  our government will take any number germany asks us to . 
  we have elections in two months , so the ruling party tries to cash in on the `` no we totally are against immigrants and quotas '' play , but if not for the elections , they 'd be begging germany to let us take some more for pats on the back ( or nice eu parlament positions ), 
  when i got to us , i got asked about the electricity . 
  also , if we speak russian and how they heard that we torture our prisoners ( sounded funny hearing that from an american person ) . 
  i mean the stereotype , 
  the existing burden is getting worse every day . 
  redistributing refugees/kicking them out is medium term solution , short term solution is closing the borders, 
  ahh , he 's from uk , from uk 's perspective rural poland is like siberia , some old people living in huts plowing fields and fighting off wolves and bears, 
  where are you from by the way ? 
  immigrants or refugees ? 
  sorry , you 're white, 
  but they are ~ ~ immigrants ~ ~ refugees . 
  wan na bet they will get 500 $ + monthly payments while in poland ( not counting the free apartment they 'll get ) ? 
  do n't be intolerant, 
  i bet if that were to happen , in 100 years africa would suddenly be an extremely rich continent and people from europe would swim back to africa from their devastated continent . 
  no one cares about senate elections . 
  and yes , 460 mps will look different because the voting regions are smaller, 
  they 'll get more pats on the back from leftist media and they will boast on twitter how progressive they are, 
  polish - uchod\u017aca, 
  and where does eu get their money from ? 
  well , nowadays it is n't much better . 
  people consider voting anything than the main two parties `` wasting votes '' , and there is completely no chance for an independent candidate to win in elections . 
  i 'd be ok with it . 
  i 'd rather have some bigger responsibility for people and for parties to have full power . 
  at least this way they ca n't blame opposition/coalition for not supporting their views . 
  what 's wrong with fptp ? 
  it 's too low because the questions were vague and not too interesting . 
  only question # 1 was somewhat clear and interesting . 
  # 2 was `` are you for maintaining the current way of funding political parties '' , which is practically meaningless , better question would be `` are you for funding political parties from the state budget ? '' . 
  # 3 was also vague and stupid . 
  i 'd rather have questions like these : 1 ) are you for taking syrian and other immigrants into poland ? 
  2 ) are you for legalization of gay marriages in poland ? 
  ( i am against , but i 'd rather have that settled in a referendum rather than make it a political campaign issue every year ) 3 ) are you for legalizing abortion for non-medical reasons ? 
  ( same as above ) etc. 
   `` if we forget this , we forget who we are , and we leave europe to the xenophobes , the extremists , who will destroy it , '' he said . 
  not agreeing to take everyone is n't extremism or xenophobia . 
  most people are for accepting of refugees , even in `` xenophobic '' eastern europe . 
  what we do n't like are two things : 1 ) among the refugees , a lot of them seem to be economic migrants 2 ) refugees should stay here temporarily , after the war ends in their countries they should get back home unfortunately it seems now africa and middle east caught the opportunity , we have a massive wave of migrants coming here ( which will grow in next few weeks , because it might be a limited time offer ) and i do n't see anyone getting deported after they settle here . 
  germany will take them . 
  in poland for instance , practically all big media is sponsored by germany . 
  guess what agenda are they pushing ? 
  why should he have to prove that , he will just say it 's breaking human rights and media will show `` nazi '' government officials not believing a refugee after all he 's been through . 
   if we get more out of it then we ** put in ** that 's how it goes for russia at the moment, 
  you were lucky this time , 
  this is so tolerant !, 
  they could help you with alcoholism , just invite some of those sharia patrols , 
  boats would stop coming and everything would be back to normal in few weeks . 
  also we 'd get genuine refugees , like single mothers with kids . 
  dat feel , i saw the picture yesterday and my only thought was `` is that gta font ? 
   and as long as the europeans have enough sugar in the ass , they will not realize that tolerance , `` progressiveness '' and the actual ruling leftism were self-destructive aberrations , which only lead to collective suicide . 
  the leftism logic and chasing their own suicide is something my mind ca n't grasp . 
  they claim to be tolerant and progressive , so they are into women 's rights , lgbt rights , secularism , so they invite hordes of people who come a culture that does n't respect women , stones lgbt people to death and is willing to do atrocious things in the name of religion . 
  where 's the logic in that ? 
  sounds like a modern version of `` we will hang the capitalists with the rope that they sell '' , except this time we give them tolerance and compassion that they will use against us . 
  inb4 white privileges and not equal opportunity, 
  excessive compassion is easy to exploit, 
  po does n't oppose quotas . 
  our prime minister already announced they are on track with plan to take 2000 migrants . 
  leftwing media already say we should take 30 000 . 
   they will loose election to pis which is ultra right wing party that will stop any imigration regardless of what eu says . 
  do you have a quote on that ? 
  i have n't heard any strong words from pis about immigrants, 
  not at all . 
  the parties are awfully quiet about it , i guess they are n't sure what to think . 
  on one hand you see all those news coming from countries like hungary , on the other hand tv forcefeeds us pictures of crying women and children and talks about solidarity and refugees of war . 
  maybe something will change in the next weeks , but for now all parties are quiet and are waiting for the decision about quotas . 
  do n't worry , our government will comply with any quota germany proposes . 
  unfortunately . 
  they have no spine and will do anything for possible eu seats . 
  also they will most likely lose an election in two months , so it 's in their interest to ruin our country as much as possible so that the blame is put on the party that wins . 
  rescue them or bring them to your shores ? 
  also warnings are meaningless in international relations . 
  hungary has been warned many times and now eu does n't care anymore . 
  russia has been given multiple warnings , they know warnings do n't mean much so they ignore it . 
  eu with schengen is better to be consider like a single big country in this case . 
  there is a difference between a mexican person crossing the usa border illegally and a new york person going to los angeles for work . 
  also , people who leave our countries usually do n't want to come back , and i doubt the money they sent is a substantial enough amount . 
  they can stay there forever for all i care . 
  they are n't . 
  the law is that you have to protect your borders and keep people without papers and valid visa out . 
  at least that 's how it applies to europeans . 
   they are dictatorships , have next to no rights for women and lgbt people , widely use slavery sounds perfect for those migrants , they 'd feel right at home there, 
  nope . 
  good for them . 
  but saying `` everyone '' in eastern europe wants to move west paints as as a group of nations of people salivating at the thought of going west and just waiting for a chance to go there . 
  borders are open ( for now ) , if you want to go , go ahead . 
  haha , refugees , that 's so cute . 
  the only reason i see for emigrating west would be money . 
  i am a programmer , i could probably easily find a job abroad if i wanted to . 
  but money is n't everything .
