  they have nothing to lose . 
  if usa stopped controlling their borders , you 'd have people from poland building rafts already . 
  just open fire at them and all the illegal immigration will stop within a day . 
  i wonder what would happen if i tried to cross the border to russia illegally . 
  i 'd probably get accused of spying . 
  not increasing social benefits for the unemployed and lazy people and not increasing bureaucracy is populism now ? 
   and it is very unlikely for duda to win second round - he got all the votes now and he will not get a single more in next turn ( figure of speech but its a long story why and im on the phone ) . 
  quite the opposite . 
  i think he will get way more votes in the second round . 
  for jkm and kukiz voters , duda and komorowski are both part of the system , but po and komorowski are currently ruling , so they are hated more , as a result people will vote for duda just to not let komorowski rule for the second time . 
  i see an ugly guy every morning in the mirror . 
  if britain votes for leaving eu , i 'm sure they will repeat the referendum until the result is right . 
  i think the biggest problem is that parents want the best conditions for their children . 
  in poland 30 years ago , you could have six kids , and going to the city 100 km away was a once a year superb trip for all . 
  nowadays , it 's expected that you take your kid to some other country every few months , during winter go skiing every few weeks , and going to a city 100 km away is a weekly experience . 
  and it goes into other spheres of live too . 
  in the past you could have one computer at home and three people could share it . 
  now each kid needs his own computer + phone + probably a tablet . 
  maybe not needs , but his peers are going to have that , so if you do n't provide it , he will be disappointed . 
  that 's why many families ca n't afford to have more than one or two kids , which was completely doable in the past . 
  we have some people who tell us `` putin is gon na come with tanks in few weeks '' , but apart from that , it 's either big vans buying weeks worth of food , or buses full of girls that come one day to shop for clothes and leave same day . 
  after opera 12 , they kept the name but switched to webkit . 
  since then opera was not much more than a google chrome reskin . 
  irc client , gone , torrent client , gone , opera unite , gone , rss client , gone , built-in adblock , gone . 
  sure , you can use extensions to get some of that functionality back , but it 's not the same . 
  too bad opera is no more . 
  opera 12 was my favourite browser . 
  does it mean no visas for european travelers ? 
  dubai is an important low cost hub to south east asia . 
   3 ) they 're afraid their personal belongings will be stolen at the shelter . 
  these are overcrowded places , and it is very frequent to have your things stolen while you 're sleeping . 
  what kind of personal belongings do homeless people have ? 
  then if it 's truly rational and beneficial for them , someone else has to take that decision for them . 
  addiction is n't an illness , you get addicted by choice . 
  if they have mental illnesses , perhaps they should seek help in mental institutions ? 
  i do n't know how it works in france , but in poland , homeless people can find shelters where they get free bed , shower and food . 
  but most do n't go there , because you have to be 100 % sober there and most ca n't accept that . 
  it 's complicated , because you can play the patched or unpatched version and both can screw you up . 
  you need to catch a live deep one early on , otherwise you 'll most likely finish the game without psionics . 
  also , in unpatched version , it takes a lot of time to get better armors and subs ( need to capture a lobsterman navigator , usually found in the colony ) , so you 're fighting with crappy ships , crappy armors and crappy weapons against overwhelming enemies . 
  but once you get some nice armors and weapons , it 's an equal match . 
  i am prepared , i played x-com : terror from the deep last month . 
   a pregnant woman is free to relieve herself in a policeman 's hat . 
  you would n't shoot a policeman and then steal his helmet . 
  you would n't go to the toilet in his helmet !, 
  not in public , there are specified places such as parks where you ca n't drink . 
  czechs and chechens, 
  i hope not , so that if by some accident we get any , they 'll move to uk within few months, 
  always , lots of them , also a ton of snails . 
  same in poland . 
  most people have their own version of religion , and they go to church only because they are used to . 
  if you were to implement a very minor tax , like pay 1 $ every month for your church , most of those people would stop identifying as catholics . 
  and nowadays , i think most people would rather have catholics around than muslims . 
  i do n't consider acceptance of every weirdness considered progress . 
  and people will always find something to care about . 
  if you legalize gay marriages and allow them to have children ( which is ridiculous since biologically they could n't have them ) , then people would find something else , probably complain about limitations of only one spouse in marriage . 
  how is that related to progress ? 
  what we do is move to uk , leave your kids in poland , get social benefits in uk for your kids in poland , 
  yeah , but still ... 
  i 'd expect you to spend at least 250-300 $ on rent , leaving the rest for food and public transport . 
  just like reddit , most people would speak up , but if all you 're gon na get is a mass of downvotes , why bother , 
   it 's one of the only countries in the world that never penalized homosexuality , but what 's left now is a backwater country with law from previous era . 
  it still does n't penalize homosexuality . 
  as a student yes , but no frills, 
  mostly everything east of germany , not like there 's any civilization there . 
  i wonder if they even have electricity and internet . 
  yes , it took poland 50 years to be able to properly thank our saviors for their brotherly help, 
  i think the problem is more with the american people , because from what i 've seen , stalin is considered more like an ally there , the good guy who saved the jews from the evilevilevil hitler . 
  he `` only got bad later '' because of the cold war . 
  because they want to change their foreign politics and doublecross other countries . 
  in polish , we say great britain ( wielka brytania ) for the country . 
  we never really use the term united kingdom ( zjednoczone kr\u00f3lestwo ) . 
  fuck you prant !, 
  i 'll czech that out . 
  i did n't even know minecraft and angry birds had music ... 
  i hope poland remains clear of them . 
  we have some nice muslims and we do n't have any problem with them but we do n't have any more . 
  i 'm sure germany , uk and france will love to accomodate some more . 
  polish girls are very easy when they encounter a foreigner :p, 
  russians do n't use dolphins . 
  americans do . 
  russians use giant squids !, 
  as soon as that would happen , you would quickly find alternative websites surfacing . 
  people would n't pay money to use facebook . 
  wikipedia , i do n't know how they 'd enforce it , i do n't think they can put it behind paywall legally . 
  i do n't feel very european , i need some eu propaganda injections asap, 
  most people in poland dislike russia as the country and the government , but most do n't dislike the people there . 
  he 's the kind of guy that stays in the shadow . 
  he does n't want to get involved , he lets his underlings do that , then when they mess up ( and they do that often ) , he swoops in as a superhero and saves everyone , sentencing his underling to political exile ( at least for a few months until people and media forget about it ) . 
  but if you time travel a lot the forms of verbs will change, 
  in soviet russia , you will traveled time, 
  polan pls, 
  it only applies to polish girls , 
  the main issue is that people do n't want to be processed in serbia or macedonia . 
  by doing that , it makes them likely to be forced to stay in serbia/macedonia . 
  they do n't want processing , they want germany . 
  refugees from warzones and refugees from middle east are n't exclusive . 
  syria is middle east too unless something has changed lately . 
  i read mlp as my little pony and got confused for a second, 
  such polls are confusing , because when people are asked about refugees , they often think about genuine refugees , people fleeing the war .
