  we do n't even eat them that often , except for the one of the traditional foods for christmas . 
  i think it 's `` the polish meal '' in the us , as a result it gets so much recognition . 
  we export our gypsies west, 
  in poland too ? 
  i know it 's like that in the us but might be different in poland . 
  i lold at ptakopysk, 
   things soviets did were n't nice , but it was mostly a fuckup , not very carefully planned genocide . 
  keep believing that . 
  i seem to be the most confused with russia . 
  whenever going abroad i mostly get asked if i speak russian , if cyryllics are hard to learn and how much do we torture our prisoners, 
  i think americans have a fear of communism and do n't like soviets because of cold wars post ww2 , ww2 on the other hand stalin was the better guy . 
  i can hear gunshots in 0:07, 
  in western europe and usa/canada , stalin is considered the big ally that helped defeat the evil jew-killing nazis . 
  here in eastern europe it 's not so black and white . 
  you could argue stalin was worse than hitler , because not only communists murdered many of our citizens , but they have also been ruining our economies for over 50 years . 
  germans had only 4 years to wreck havoc ... 
  not necessarily . 
  there 's also theory about talks in magdalenka . 
  the conspiracy theory claims that communist government allowed free elections and change of government because they knew they 'd take media and public companies , still maintaining the control in a more invisible hand way . 
  the less the government does , the less trouble for us ordinary folk, 
  not really , but we 'd rather have our president display catholicism rather than open up new mosques for tolerance, 
  i 've read about some cases that a patented crop pollinated onto the unpatented crop and the guy had to pay license charges , no idea how true the story is though . 
  percentage of non-cykas in the eu by country, 
  i find it even more funny that an ukrainian posts that . 
  western decadence is a fairly popular subject in poland too , with all the abortion and lgbt talk going on in western europe and us , 
  yep , one job less for the hardworking british citizens, 
  well , scotland is a part of uk , and uk will do anything us asks them to . 
  i 'm assuming you 're trying to prove a point so probably the religious part . 
  i mean , it 's not like homosexuals can divorce , because marriage makes no sense for them . 
  does this magical `` sex ed '' prevent teen pregnancies ? 
  i do n't buy the argument that teenagers do n't know where kids come from and need to be educated . 
  for me personally , i do n't mind gmo , but i do n't like the whole patent and copyright issues behind it, 
  not in polish :p in polish \u0141otwa ( latvia ) comes after litwa ( lithuania ), 
  did any other team participate ? 
  really ? 
  well , maybe it makes more sense then . 
  here is poland asian means far eastern asian . 
  well , if he 's not white . 
  usually they skip the race or say `` asian '' instead of arabic/middle eastern . 
  you have to protect lidls and all the other german companies, 
  i 'm surprised they mentioned the race of the attacker . 
  i thought lithuanians do n't really like poles ? 
  as a polish person . 
  i visited budapest lately , and had a very strong feeling , that if you were to replace hungarian with polish , it could easily pass as a polish city . 
  so i guess it 's close culturally . 
  also i feel a connection to belarus , at least the western part of it . 
  sure it 's a poorer country and they speak russian there ( although belarusan is quite similar to polish ) , orthodox rules instead of catholic , but culturally i think those countries are similar and had similar history . 
  does n't sweden have the highest rape rates in the world at the moment ? 
  it depends on the timing . 
  for me security at jfk took maybe 20-30 minutes total . 
  what sucked though was that i had to take my shoes off . 
  start shooting at the boats, 
  eu donate 1000 potato guns to arm latvian army . 
  latvian army has no ammo :( such is war . 
  french flag has a cross too . 
  it 's a white cross on a white background . 
  the king is just coming to visit the newly colonized land , 
  haha , basic ... 
  poland pays a lot of penalties for co2 because we use coal plants . 
  sure we 'd love to build solar panels , wind farms or nuclear plants like germany or france do , but we ca n't afford it at this point . 
  and because we are penalized for it , it will take us longer to be able to afford them . 
   here , co2 and global warming is something for the intellectuals , the university educated people , not the general electorate . 
  my family does not talk about it because i am the only college-ed guy . 
  that is probably why i know about it . 
  to be honest , co2 and global warming , lgbt rights and stuff like that is for rich countries . 
  we ca n't afford this kind of stuff , once we are as rich as western european countries we can worry about this stuff . 
  not for long given the `` refugees '' coming to our countries . 
  actually , that 's what a lot of people in western europe think . 
  talk to someone from uk or france , they have no idea what 's going on beyond the eastern germany border and they imagine the worst . 
  people afraid to travel because rapes/beatups/murders / etc. 
  which does n't really happen . 
  plot twist : greece is a smokescreen for ~ ~ russian ~ ~ separatist activities in ukraine, 
  hmm . 
  how about stuff like throat pain pills and vitamins ? 
  my russian friend visited me in gda\u0144sk ( she 's from kaliningrad ) and she 's been buying tons of those . 
  are they that much more expensive there or even hard to find ? 
  lets just deport them to syria if they like it so much there, 
  well , it does n't say what the punishment for crime will be ? 
  i bet they will get big monthly payment and free apartment to aid them in resocialization and to show them how terrorism is never the right way !, 
  from time to time they switch to serving american or russian interests, 
  of course it will not spend a penny from it 's own budget . 
  we will funnel that money into eu mutual fund and pay it from that money . 
  just for reference , we are having elections in september , and it 's just picking up pace , so politicians are telling what the citizens want to hear , but they are serving german interests at the moment . 
  well , baltic states have practically non-existent army so such comparison does n't make much sense, 
  did n't they try that in spain ? 
  i think people jumped at the fence on purpose to sue the spanish government later for not allowing them to immigrate illegally . 
  same in poland , if you work as an independent one person company it 's legal , but pimping is n't . 
  for agencies , they have each member subscribe as a one woman company . 
  poland : to travel checks out, 
  hey , poland has high speed rail too . 
  it was a big deal ... trains are going over 160 km/h in some special cases !, 
  it could be the case like in poland we have a saying that your biggest enemy on emigration is another polish person . 
  people who are already say in the uk , see other immigrants as competition for their jobs , so as soon as they get settled in the uk they become anti-immigrant and are n't welcoming towards new people . 
   i do n't understand . 
  why are europeans welcoming those people who do n't follow the rules ? 
  i follow rules , why are they allow to to disrespect them ? 
  this is complete insanity because such people cause chaos in the society and introduce splits between people , so people find it harder to unite against the government that wants to steal money from them . 
  also , such immigrants are perfect voters for left-wing parties , just give them some social benefits and they will vote for you forever , they wo n't ever vote for a party that wants to cut welfare , because it means pushing them deeper into poverty . 
   how would have other officials handled it ? 
  most would just sit in their chairs shrugging their shoulders `` meh , it 's not our fault you were born in that turbulent country '' .
