  my family is here , my friends are here , the language i love so much is used here , the countryside i grew up on and i am used to loving is here . 
  no thanks , i 'm staying here . 
  schengen has two parts - open internal borders , enforced external borders . 
  unfortunately the border countries have neglected the second half and now we suffer the consequences . 
  not true . 
  i am polish and i have no intention of moving to germany , or anywhere else in western europe . 
  well . 
  personally i do n't care . 
  i have good education , good english skills , i am a programmer . 
  i am pretty sure i could find a job abroad easily . 
  but i 'm staying in poland , because i like my country too much . 
  i am not interested in having more money because money does n't always bring happiness . 
  whoever wanted to leave , has left already or will leave soon . 
  if those people say they do n't want immigrants , then it is childish . 
  but those of us who are n't interested in emigrating , do n't be surprised if we also are n't keen on the immigration . 
  wow . 
  what country are you from ? 
  do you think entire eastern europe just ca n't wait to move west and only financial or other issues prevent them from claiming their golden ticket to western europe ? 
  portugal ? 
  lithuania yes !, 
  haha , we have a popular meme picture in poland that says `` poland for poles . 
  britain for brits and poles '' , 
  sure , take as many as you need , just do n't try to force us to take some too, 
  by the way , are those people checked for diseases and stuff ? 
  when the ebola was the # 1 news , anyone traveling from africa was put under incredible scrutiny . 
  now we seem to be inviting everyone without checking them . 
  i am worried we might bring ourselves some new diseases we have n't seen before in europe . 
  first give us austrian salaries . 
  1200 $ minimum wage ? 
  hello immigrants, 
   `` here in austria , there are no jobs and salaries are not good enough for living , '' hussein said . '', 
  yep , in exchange for eu money we let western european companies run free over our markets , having a monopoly on many branches of our industry . 
  also , some time ago we were fighting for europe to negotiate gas prices with russia as a single entity , of course germany was against it because they pay much less this way . 
  so much for expecting solidarity haha, 
  hey , it 's not like the money western europe gives to eastern europe is lost for them . 
  most of our eu funds are spent to buy german/french technology and equipment , so the money flows back to you . 
  also , most of our industries are dominated by big western european companies , which also funnel lots of money back to their origin countries . 
  not sure about other countries , but i am pretty sure there are no nazi parties here . 
  there are some extreme nationalist organizations which use nazi symbols , but they are a vast minority and do n't have a say in anything . 
  yes , pay the north african countries money for taking the people that come from north africa . 
  i 'm sure that country will make everything it can to keep the cash flowing by more and more people making the trip . 
  you ca n't just go to a country without documents and do n't say where you 're from . 
  those poor migrants are just escaping the drug cartels and you do n't let them in !, 
  is n't there some neutral ground in the world ? 
  if they do n't know where they are from , dump them in the middle of nowhere , i 'm sure if you were to threaten them with dumping them on some island in the middle of the ocean , they 'd suddenly regain their memory . 
  do n't be silly , referendum and democracy is only invoked when the results fit the goals of the government . 
  given your username , how do you feel about all those waves of immigrants coming to europe ? 
  i doubt they like lgbt people very much , and unlike conservatives here , they might not be willing to debate it much . 
  we ca n't fix the crisis in all of their countries , and we should n't meddle in other countries . 
  also , we need a quick solution now to halt the wave on immigrant , we can think about a nice and longterm solution later . 
   what next , russia joining the eu . 
  do people seriously believe pipedreams like that ? 
  one of our former presidents , while drunk , said that one day russia will join nato, 
  that 's what i mean . 
  if i want to get a us visa , i do n't go to us and beg them at the airport to let me in , i go to the embassy , i do lots of paperwork and give them time to check me out . 
  it should work the same here , they should be able to apply for asylum in eu embassies in their countries , and then they 'd know if they have a chance or not . 
  well , because they know they will get picked up . 
  last time italy picked up people near the libyan shore . 
  if they knew they wo n't be picked up they would n't make a hole in the boat . 
  unless they 're stupid but then it 's their loss . 
  what happens to them if they get rejected ? 
  do you have any proof of how well educated they are ? 
  i imagine if they were truly educated they would have left their country before the conflict . 
  so far the chances seem to be improving . 
  germany and sweden have a huge sign saying `` all are welcome '' , and eu is thinking of doing something , they 'd be stupid not to take such limited offer . 
   people running for their lives are n't `` illegal '' are n't there more official routes , like applying for asylum in their home country ? 
  also , if everyone flees there , the situation is never going to improve there . 
  can we just start turning back boats and migrants ? 
  none of this would have happened if we had a stronger stance on illegal immigration . 
  if we give them a chance , we ca n't blame them for taking that chance even if it 's slim . 
  [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/5r6wd0t.jpg ) is what i see every day from the bus . 
  one half is clean and looks gorgeous , the other half looks terrible , i guess the people living in the other part of building had no money to clean it . 
  i 've been to budapest and the buildings look great, 
  this is something i am jealous of . 
  in poland they do n't clean old buildings ever so they are looking like the first picture, 
  do n't worry , we can take them , the cultural enrichment will be worth it, 
  nah , first you stop the main problem , then you look for reasons . 
  if the school is on fire , you call the fire department , not call the stores to ask if any student was buying matches recently . 
  sorry , white heterosexual men are unwelcome in the progressive world, 
  do n't worry , you 'll be able to find jobs as floor cleaners and take care of the elderly people in poland, 
   der untergang i always wanted to see this movie . 
  i feel like i 've seen every scene of the movie but have n't seen the original yet, 
  far-right parties are authoritarian ? 
  most liberties seem to be eroded under leftwing parties , just reasons change , instead of `` threat to the state '' and `` terrorism '' , you have `` racism '' and `` xenophobia '' . 
  also , i think i 'd prefer a xenophobic party rather than hatred towards white male heterosexuals which far left offers . 
  what would happen , if i were to grab a boat with 100 of my buddies and swim all the way to the us without any documents ? 
  i 'd love belarus dropping visas , just like ukraine does for polish citizens . 
  belarus is a nice country but it 's kind of annoying to get into , because you need an invitation either from a person or a tour company . 
  if we want to save the lives ( which i think we should n't , we could make an example of one , two boats and others would stop trying ) , we could just dump them back in libya . 
  well , yeah . 
  or they could try to go to muslim rich countries like saudi arabia or uae to take them . 
  oh wait , they wo n't because they control their borders . 
  or you could let a few boats sink and the problem would solve itself, 
  goddamn mongorians destroying my shitty wall !, 
  that 's exactly what they want , they want to show you what happens if you do n't let them erode your liberties . 
  sweden no, 
  i like portuguese , it sounds very dirty :d, 
  is there anyone who does n't root for the bulls in such competitions ? 
  nice try, 
  ahh good , now we take vilnius back and lithuania still has lots of territory for themselves,
