  you 're lucky to be living in a country where officials behave like this . 
  in my country officials would be like `` our ruling party , unlike all the opposition parties have always felt connected to refugees and people in need . 
  as part of our policy , we have unveiled a secret 200 million $ fund for refugees and people in need we have been planning for quite some time . 
  it just so happens that we are talking to it at the time this refugee thing came up , oh and i hope you 'll vote for us ! '', 
  why english ? 
  i want everyone to speak polish , polish is cooler anyway . 
  eastern bloc, 
  or perhaps it 's the fact that we 've been in a `` federation '' only 25 years ago and we need a break from federations ? 
  afaik there is no swiss franc crisis in poland . 
  afaik ( i do n't have any loans in swiss francs ) the deal on loans in swiss francs is still better than it would have been if one was to take it in polish currency . 
  also , that 's the part of the game - you get a better starting deal , but you take the risk of the situation changing . 
  if a person invests money on a stockmarket and the stocks go down making him lose money , you would n't want the government to help him just because `` he did n't know it was going to fall '' . 
  you mean like lgbts which are 2-4 % of population of the us ? 
  are there that many polish doctors emigrating to uk ? 
  doctors get nice pay here , and the more enterpreneur ones get a lot of bonuses under the table too . 
  because the way with eu and most organizations like that is to do stuff and then watch if they even react . 
  worked with crimea , works for most hungarian policies . 
  by the time the eu organizes and discusses the issue , it 's law already for quite some time and it 's too much trouble to change it . 
  if say italy was to shoot at the boats or turn them back by force , by the time eu really did something to punish italy , the migrants would have stopped coming here already anyway . 
  unfortunately our media lies to us . 
  my mom does n't use the internet , she only watches the news and thinks i am evil for not wanting to accept those people , because they are `` escaping from war and most of them are women and children '' . 
  unfortunately our government is very subservient towards eu , especially germany , until that changes we will see more and more such decisions . 
  last time they were locked in the lower decks with their children when the boat sank, 
  poland yes !, 
  typical western european politically correct apologist , 
  no , but you 're from denmark , you 're doomed already :p, 
  that 's what gay propaganda is about , because of sjws you might get a feeling in online communities gays are like 70 % of the population , when they are like 3-4 % in most countries . 
  https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/aleja_jerzego_waszyngtona_w_warszawie it says the street was named like that in 1932, 
  i think it 's common in the entire poland , and it 's very sad . 
  i guess it 's just the factor of foreign names sounding cooler . 
  same way people people nowadays often name their kids with foreign names so that they sound `` cool '' ( but in reality it sounds more lame ) . 
  or people playing games in english because `` miecz smoczej g\u0142owy '' sounds lame but `` dragonhead sword '' sounds epic and cool :p, 
  polish people , especially politicians have an inferiority complex towards the west . 
  as a result , almost every city has streets named after american people like george washington , roosevelt etc. , same as we have many streets named after de gaulle etc. 
  also , every new project like new apartment blocks , new mall also needs to have a `` western '' name . 
  in my city of gda\u0144sk for instance we have a mall called `` manhatten '' , we have apartment blocks named `` central park '' . 
  every sports competition also needs to have an english name because polish is kind of shunned upon . 
  simple populist ? 
  more like common sense and without extreme political correctness , 
  ahh , the good old `` we give you our coal , you take our grain in exchange '' agreement, 
  personally , i believe forced pensions should be abolished or at a very low level just to barely survive , anything else you should save by yourself , as much as you think you 'll need . 
  yeah and the argument that costs of livings are higher . 
  costs of living might be overrated nowadays . 
  sure , apartments and food might be slightly more expensive there , but i am sure stuff like phones , computers etc. 
  costs the same , so it 'd take 3x less work to be able to afford an item there than here . 
  make sure to czech it for any hidden defects, 
  but if they do n't have papers and they ca n't prove ( do n't want to ) where are they from , then they are n't really refugees ? 
  to be a refugee you have to prove you 've come from a wartorn country ... 
  he is an undercover member but not of syriza, 
  brain drain is n't that much of an issue . 
  most of the people who emigrate are low skilled physical workers or people with not useful degrees which are easy to obtain in poland but hard to find a job with . 
  also the people that stay in poland get higher salaries because they are more sought after . 
  how was the outcome better ? 
  cartman ? 
  i do n't know about those animals . 
  how do they reproduce if they have homosexual relations ? 
  i 'm not arguing for it , do n't know where you got this impression . 
  i think it 's despicable and should n't happen , but just by ignoring it you wo n't make it disappear . 
  just pointing out how `` this does n't affect you so why you care '' argument might be misleading . 
  cp is n't necessarily forcing a kid into having sex . 
  nude photoshoots for adults do n't involve sex either . 
  but it does n't affect you personally , and `` damage to the society '' is an argument used by anti-gay people so you should n't use it, 
  why are you against child pornography/insert anything else most people are against , if as long as you do n't watch it wo n't harm or benefit you in any way ? 
  homosexuality is a mental disorder, 
  they are n't condemned to live in loneliness . 
  afaik the whole point of it is tax laws and stuff . 
  most people nowadays only marry for these reasons . 
  is n't that the whole point of gender homo whatever ? 
  that everything related to sexuality is a social construct and you are n't bound to a sexuality at birth . 
  there is a difference between lacking something and never being to do it in the first place . 
  infertile people do n't choose to be infertile , gay people choose to be gay . 
  marriage is a social construct for a man and woman to signify that they are ready to settle down and give birth to new citizens . 
  as far as i know gay couples ca n't have children ( blabla inb4 infertile people ) . 
  this is so tolerant and progressive !, 
  how is gay `` marriage '' a sign of progression ? 
  well yeah , it 's messed up , but middle eastern country ca n't handle democracy like europeans do . 
  these guys need to be ruled with an iron fist whether you like it or not . 
  maybe they will grow up someday to adopt democracy , but not today . 
  i wonder if usa would also be so accepting of such `` immigrants '' . 
  or , what is more likely , they 'd detain them for a day and send them back home in a plane to whateveristan, 
  and they wo n't be . 
  just look at france , sweden and uk in about 20 years . 
  the immigrant children are just growing up , we do n't see the full effects just yet . 
  they already invade europe and european technological superiority seems to be useless, 
  i do n't think that 's true . 
  we pay for electronics about the same as western europe ( even though they make 3-4x more money ) . 
  for some devices we pay even more , i remember seeing a comparison of price for samsung galaxy s4 i think , it was about 40-50 $ more expensive in poland than in france . 
  they should paint those blocks . 
  we had a lot of them in poland , now we started [ painting them ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ukjd9q6.jpg ) and they look very nice . 
   how white are you ? 
  just joking . 
  i know you said that not to get banned , but it 's not even funny ... 
  yes , a change in tactics , more pressure on white natives , because their racism prevents those hardworking educated immigrants from integrating themselves in the society, 
  remember the eu energy union proposed by poland ? 
  wikipedia says : `` in foreign usage , the term scandinavia is sometimes incorrectly taken to also include iceland , the faroe islands , and finland , on account of their historical association with the scandinavian countries and the scandinavian peoples and languages '', 
  probably because they are n't scandinavian, 
  swedish people want africa immigrants, 
   how can one not feel outrage about the people smugglers and compassion for the innocent when confronted with images of small babies , unaccompanied youngsters , pregnant women and war-scarred men stumbling on to europe 's shores ? 
  are there even pictures of that ? 
  all the pictures of boats i saw were full of young males .
