  what does it mean first job offer ? 
  even if it 's something you 're not qualified for ? 
  i read about polish people in the uk applying for jsa and they were applying for the jobs they could n't get anyways , so that they 'd get rejected over and over . 
  afaik it 's easier to get social benefits in the uk , in france you at least need to pretend you are looking for a job to get any benefits . 
  you ca n't send them to us , because us wo n't take them or start shooting at the boats . 
  i doubt they 'd be interested in brussels . 
  they want to go to france/uk , 
  what 's the difference between romani and gypsies ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romani_people `` the romani are widely known among english-speaking people by the exonym `` gypsies '' '', 
  here in poland most of them were living in their own ghettos built on a river shore and stuff ( although we do n't have them anymore , they all emigrated to france it seems ) . 
  some cities tried to give them brand new apartments ( great work !, 
  give free apartments for them , while normal people have to take loans for life to get one ) . 
  they ended up ruining them within few months ( they did n't pay for it so they did n't respect it ) and selling everything in the house , even wires . 
  gypsies live in terrible conditions , i am sure they would n't mind staying at your place . 
  it 's easy to tell others what they should do , but not as easy when it affects you personally . 
  you should let a gypsy in your home , give them shelter , food and some money . 
  i 'm sure they will be thankful for your help . 
  the problem is , a gypsy that does n't turn his life to begging/crime , is treated like an outcast by their group . 
  the only way for him to succeed is to cut ties with the group , as a result , you 'll get to see only the `` bad '' gypsies there . 
  lgbt rights wo n't fill my empty wallet :(, 
  all 0 tanks of lithuania shall march for victory !, 
  many women like spanking . 
  by poles . 
  those were n't some magical commies from a far away land , those were people who actively chose to serve soviet interests and fought against their own brethren ( \u017co\u0142nierze wykl\u0119ci etc. ) . 
  same way nazis were n't some aliens that invaded germany and forced them into their war machine . 
  hitler won in elections , people were frustrated after losing ww1 and wanted someone who could show europe that they wo n't be pushed around . 
  i wonder what country/planet were those nazis from . 
  most of the eu money given to poland is spent on french/germany/british services/equipment anyway . 
  they should gather at a park or in front of government buildings instead of marching through the streets and blocking them for everyone else . 
  nationalists are n't any better . 
  both sides should just go to work and stfu . 
  they obviously have nothing to do all day so they get stupid ideas . 
  yeah , most companies who do n't do animal testing can do so because someone else already tested those substances on animals, 
  polish girls have a weakness for portuguese/spanish/italian erasmus guys , 
  what country are you from ? 
  i doubt species would survive long on homosexuality . 
  it 's enough to define it as not killing the non-believers , no death penalty , no stoning for cheating wives etc. 
  you know what they mean by multiculturalism . 
  by multiculturalism they mean introducing poor immigrants mostly from africa and middle east , who are n't compatible with european values and do n't integrate in the society forming ghettos instead . 
  i am sure hungarians do n't mind e.g. 
  ukrainian or romanian people in their country . 
  society has a hetero vibe because hetero is normal and it 's the way the nature has intended . 
  while you should tolerate gay people , you ca n't pretend it 's normal . 
  yeah , those people in gay parades in poland look completely normal : http://bi.gazeta.pl/im/5e/45/f4/z16008542q,parada-rownosci-w-warszawie.jpg http://i.wp.pl/a/f/jpeg/29081/pap_parada_rownosci_600.jpeg http://bi.gazeta.pl/im/5f/45/f4/z16008543q,parada-rownosci-w-warszawie.jpg nothing out of the ordinary , they are normal people just like us !, 
  is n't this what orgasmus does ? 
  how is wanting marriage and adopting children related to doing stuff with their dicks ? 
  this map makes no sense . 
  komorowski likes to hunt animals , boars would n't vote for him . 
  map seems to show the opposite . 
  polan do n't want to, 
  or gay propaganda on reddit, 
  turkey is very close to syria culturally , so it 's much easier . 
  same way poland would have a much easier time accepting 100.000 ukrainian immigrants rather than 1000 syrian ones . 
  jkm has some good ideas when it comes to free market , but he 's not a politician that can achieve something . 
  also , wykop is n't jkm-loving anymore  it 's all about braun now . 
   how is supporting or at least not being against trash contracts on which about 2 000 000 poles are working socialist ? 
  they 're not supporting it ? 
  they are trying to introduce taxes which will remove most advantages of `` trash contacts '' ( the advantage being lower taxes = less cost for employer = more money for employee ) . 
   what excactly is socialist with our government ? 
  raising taxes , giving social benefits to parents increasing every election , komorowski wanted to introduce guaranteed employment for college graduates . 
  favouring big retail stores and international companies over small companies . 
   are the fruits of labour shared equally amongst workers ? 
  nah , the government steals most of it for their own pockets . 
  but even if you are living healthy and work hard , you have to give away lots of money for free gypsy apartments ( which they 'll ruin anyway ) , money for pathological families that make kids just to get the money without even being able to support them , then you have to pay to support those families too too . 
   how excactly socialist is government which votes against homosexual marriages ? 
  well . 
  free market leaning party would vote for them probably . 
  anyway it 's different in poland since the majority of the people are against homosexual marriages , so the party that wants to push them through will lose a lot of voters . 
  the current government is n't really liberal . 
  they call themselves liberal but they are very socialist , mostly catering to the elderly people ( retirement money ) and giving child benefits ( which mostly benefits the lower classes because they have incentive and time to breed kids ) . 
  do n't be so sex negative , it 's bad for your progressiveness, 
  do n't get blinded by your progressiveness, 
  they 're right, 
  why ? 
  the blue people are more anti-russian than the orange ones, 
  cute girls , very nice people , close culturally to poland, 
  go to france or sweden and you 'll see how it works . 
  towns taking down christmas trees because it might offend muslims , not offering pork in school cafeterias because it might offend muslims . 
  worst thing is , often muslims do n't actually come up with those incentives , it 's the ` progressive ' people that want to make it comfy for everyone . 
  if the choice is islam , people want their country to have religious values, 
  not really . 
  the only left-wing parties are sld , which are post communists . 
  they ruled in the '90s , lots of corruption and people do n't want to vote for them again . 
  second left-wing party is the party led by janusz palikot . 
  their political programme is mostly about cutting funds from the church , no religion in schools , crosses in buildings , lgbt rights and marijuana legalization , all of which are n't really very popular postulates . 
  also , he got into parliament with quite a nice result , mostly gathering votes from young people tired of the current system , and then he threw away his postulates and started to cooperate with the ruling party . 
  also he was the leader of `` friendly country '' commission , which did n't really do much . 
  as a result , he 's ruined as a politician , and now in the presidential campaign he got something like 2-3 % votes . 
  on the other hand , our right-wing parties are leaning very left wing when it comes to social security . 
   to have floated the idea that hungary might restore the death penalty , and to have commissioned a public consultation on immigration that many say is divisive and discriminatory . 
   this is n't the first time that mr. orban has fallen foul of brussels over his allegedly cavalier attitude toward european values , as defined in the eu treaties , which includes respect for democracy , human rights and the rule of law . 
  if not willing to accept immigrants from africa is contrary to european values , the european values need some revision . 
  exactly . 
  what i meant was , legalizing it is only a fantasy that they conjure up during the campaign and forget about it . 
  personally i do n't care about it either way , but i wish the politicians were n't hypocrites about it . 
   or is western europe just decadent and homosexual in your view ? 
  it kinda is , enjoy your immigration problems , teen pregnancies , racial conflicts and other issues caused by leftist political correctness . 
  but during the second round and when they started to promise everything , he said medicinal marijuana is to be investigated . 
  poland does n't have to bow down to western european/us political correctness . 
  i was deciding between korwin and kukiz and voted for kukiz .
