  yes , poor greece in crisis , still they make twice the money our `` growing rapidly '' econoym does . 
   saved , you know that this kind of system of pensions ( ofe ) are almost totally absent or barely relevant in eu because they are considered very dangerous for both economy and pensioners ? 
  you know that the first country that introduced them was pinochet 's chile ? 
  and the system crashed ? 
  please , read up . 
  you know the pension system is stupid to begin with and people should save for themselves as much as they want ? 
   yes , that 's why tusk is president of eu , whether he has some powers or not it 's sign of our importance . 
  and safety issues are nato responsibility . 
  also we supported sanctions against russia and support not uplifting them , i see they are still there . 
  tusk got his place as a reward for not being an obstacle to german politics . 
  as for the sanctions , the countries are breaking up one by one , hungary and greece already want to call off the sanctions . 
  and do n't forget polish economy is the one hit most by the sanctions since our export depended on russia a lot . 
   we were only country that walked through crisis without recession because we are kept afloat by massive eu funds . 
  as soon as the eu funds end , the economy will crash , and every political party prays it wo n't be their reign when that happens . 
   retiree funds were saved from private companies haha , saved , more like taken by force . 
   poland become important in eu yes , we are very important . 
  ignored when it comes to the energy union , ignored when it comes to ukraine , non-decisiveness when it comes to safety from russia . 
  it might work different for you because you guys make 3x more money on average and stuff like cars , electronics is cheaper there . 
  there wo n't be any electric cars here soon , infrastructure or not . 
  i 'd understand this if this was on a highway or one of the main roads , but not here . 
  i think it was just an excuse for a guy to have his solar panels funded and now he has solar energy for free , as long as he shares some of it with the electric car owners , which there are none and i do n't expect any anytime soon . 
  do n't be fooled , he 's more than meets the eye . 
  the nice old guy is just a facade . 
  in theory , yes . 
  some projects are good , such as roads , new trains/trams , improving airports , improving the factories . 
  but just to give some examples from my village . 
  there is an electric bike charging spot in my village funded from eu money . 
  no one in my village has an electric bike and no one cares . 
  it 's just a socket on the wall , total cost apparently 10.000 pln ( or $ , do n't remember ) . 
  oh , you can borrow an electric bike to try it out , but mostly the people in administration ride it . 
  another thing i saw in a village nearby , an electric car charging place . 
  also funded by eu money i think . 
  makes sense , in a crappy village in the middle of nowhere in a country where there 's like one electric car per million people . 
  hopefully not . 
  those candidates are too different to form a coalition . 
  you might get 3 % from korwin , but lose 8 % in the process . 
   fortunately , president in poland can not do any of this . 
  if parliamentary election will go the same route however ... 
  it wo n't . 
  duda won only because of the anti-komorowski voters . 
  in parliamentary elections pis wo n't get as many votes . 
  go , the borders are open, 
  haha . 
  fulfilling promises . 
  they had 8 years of reign and did nothing . 
  now they will blame the non-po president for not allowing them to pass the laws and ask people to vote for them so that they can overrule the `` bad president '' . 
  people usually pick the same party as the one president is from , so that there is full power and they ca n't blame the president vetoing all their bills . 
  also , the presidential campaign felt like parliamentary campaign , because they were discussing internal and external politics , social securities , retirements , values , etc. 
  because most of that money is wasted and does n't benefit polish citizens . 
  a lot of eu money is wasted on crappy social networks for cats , or some `` find a job in your area '' websites that die after few months because of no activity . 
  instead of improving our industry , eu money is spent on buying german/french machinery/knowhow which is returning the money to them . 
  it 's more of a fad than genes , it 's popular nowadays to be homogenderqueerintersexualwhatever, 
  almost everything in life and throughout evolution was guided towards reproduction . 
  and if you ca n't see the difference between people who lost the ability to do something rather than the ones who could never do it to begin with . 
  good luck, 
  normal is as nature intended . 
  let me know when gays learn to reproduce . 
  because while we should tolerate such people , we should n't pretend like it 's normal when it 's not . 
  i am an atheist and if such vote ever comes i 'll go vote for `` no '' . 
  why do you accept people of different sex orientations but not people of different races ? 
  but they are free to live their lives , as long as they do n't want to marry or adopt children . 
  actually poland was more progressive than the rest of the europe in case of gay tolerance , we just do n't bend over backwards for them . 
  well , if you do it the other way , you are imposing your personal moral compass and world view on the majority . 
  tolerance , yes , adapt to every little whim of a minority , no . 
  when gay people are about 15 % of the population , we can talk about it , but right now in poland they are like 1-3 % depending on the study . 
   think of the women 's vote or allowing black and white people to marry each other . 
  would you really want that to be a decision by the people ? 
  yes ? 
  what 's the next step after gay marriage ? 
  polygamous marriages ? 
  child marriages ? 
  we have to be progressive after all, 
  but if the majority of the people are against it ? 
  should you push such laws against the will of the majority just to create a sjw fantasy state ? 
   sure , and if russia comes knocking the eastern population of the eu can just move west instead of addressing the issue . 
  now now , protect your eastern colonies, 
  why does accepting gay marriages mean `` 21st centure '' and being `` progressive '' ? 
  instead you should focus on countries where being gay is actually punished , sometimes with death . 
  also , in case of europe , the borders are open , you can move to e.g. 
  netherlands to get your shiny gay marriage badge at any time . 
  gdp per capita might be 75 % , but the salaries are 25 % of the western european countries , so fat chance, 
  nice try , you only say that because you barely get any points , 
  no , it wo n't work because of cultural and language differences . 
  at least the drone will know the directions, 
  smugglers putting innocent people on boats 24/7 to ensure civilian losses in 5 ... 4 ... 3 ... 
  gold stars are reserved for gay people, 
  yes , we will catch up to western countries in 20 years . 
  but by that time they will distance us again . 
  i made some modern art using ~ ~ ms paint ~ ~ state of the art drawing algorithms and visceral spatial creativity , how much can i sell [ it ] ( https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/12189440/modern_art.png ) for ? 
  what 's the point of having growth if 99 % of companies are in foreign hands and funnel the money out of the country . 
  ordinary folk do n't benefit from the `` growth '' . 
  he 's probably polish on vacation to the southern hemisphere, 
  this is so tolerant !, 
  for polish people it means africans/arabs too . 
  the article makes a very important point . 
  ukrainian people integrate very nicely into the society , a lot of them learn polish or they learned it by living near the border , and they are very similar culturally . 
  ukrainian people are closer to polish people culturally than say the germans are . 
   could :(, 
  i doubt it . 
  it started recently , and i think the floodgates are yet to open , people there are just getting the signal `` hey , europe accepts everyone , let 's go ! '' .
