do n't have to join eu for open borders, 
  poland no latvia , lots of potato, 
  i 'm polish , and frankly i do n't want to move anywhere else . 
  maybe if i were to find a wife abroad i would consider moving to her , but for now , i like my country waay too much to move anywhere , 
  if you make all neighborhoods shitholes , malmo wo n't feel as bad in comparison anymore ... 
  the problem with climate change regulations like co2 limits ( regardless of whether global warming is real or not ) is that it punishes less developed countries . 
  poland has a lot of coal mines and coal power plants . 
  due to the new regulations we pay a lot of penalties for using coal , even though it 's the same thing other countries ( germany , france ) were doing when we were at their development level . 
  and big polluters like us , china do n't care about the regulations at all , so we 're like a drop in the ocean . 
  fun fact , about the feminism you 're mentioning . 
  there was a [ study ] ( http://www.forbes.com/sites/niallmccarthy/2015/01/14/these-countries-have-the-most-women-in-management-positions-infographic/ ) about which countries have the most women in management positions . 
  in top 10 you have countries like moldova , belarus and latvia , which do n't really have any relevant feminist groups , but have many headstrong women who can fight for what they want rather than wait for things to come to them . 
  polish car thieves maybe ? 
  can we leave eu too ? 
  please ? 
  ahhh ... lovely , `` right wing groups '' vs `` pro refugees '' . 
  why not be fair and call the second group left wing groups ? 
  do n't worry , she 's saying that now because she 's in the opposition and the elections are coming next month . 
  after that she will probably switch her language and talk about obligations towards europe and stuff . 
  wan na bet that number will rise to at least 30k only this year ? 
  7k people come to europe every day, 
  you know poland does n't benefit directly from russian sanctions ? 
  actually our trade with them has died which hit our industry ( mostly food ) bad , also our relationship is bad now . 
  sanctions were imposed after invading crimea and for supporting `` rebels '' in the eastern ukraine . 
  our prime minister, 
  rutkowski is back , 
  [ mission accomplished ] ( http://www.fakt.pl/m/crop/-658/-500/faktonline/635452653469784053.jpg ), 
  our government was only delaying the inevitable , they represent german interests and they will lose the elections in a month , so it 's in their interest to ruin the country as much as possible for the next few years . 
  ctrl + f techland ... nope ... hmm ... 
  call of juarez ? 
  dead island ? 
  dying light ? 
  also it 's missing other games that were popular internationally , such as two worlds 2 , bulletstorm , painkiller and hard reset . 
  that 's intolerant . 
  burnt cars should be dealt with as appropriate . 
  car owner should pay for the additional co2 released in the air , perpetrators should be given additional social benefits until they do n't have to resort to crime anymore . 
  you are if you do n't want them to protest and burn cars , 
  schengen with belarus would n't work because belarus has a schengen with russia , 
  immigrants will cure you of your progressive mentality , 
  polish should be the common second language . 
  over 40 million people speak it already . 
  germany ... camps ... 
  see , we are ok with that . 
  but now germany wants to redistribute the people they get among other countries . 
  and they 'll probably get to pick the nicest people too . 
  did you tell them slovenia is n't germany ? 
  i 'm sure we can forcibly evict some german citizens to make space for the refugees / s, 
  this is the uncomfortable truth that western countries do n't want to face . 
  even our democracy sucks , the leaders are detached from the people and only care about the votes . 
  but we have a fantasy , that the people in the middle east are oppressed , that we only need to lift the dictators off them and they will live in a democracy with free rights and everything . 
  nope . 
  they are n't ready for that , you ca n't force a democracy . 
  in our countries , if a party you do n't like wins the elections , you 're like `` oh well , see ya in four years '' , over there , they plan an assassination/bombing . 
  they have to grow up to democracy themselves and ease into it naturally , anything forced upon them wo n't work . 
  i 'd prefer they cleaned it up instead . 
  also , portugal does n't have any issues with migrants and wo n't have any . 
  then kick them out . 
  most polish people you are chatting with here are staying in poland and do n't care about your welfare system . 
  so the argument `` but but poles migrate too '' is kind of misguided . 
  no , we like being homogenous here and we do n't want the trouble that uncontrolled immigration causes . 
  well , yes , but po is in charge now for a while and they will make most of the decisions concerning the immigrants . 
  so if the blame gets put on pis later , it 's in their benefit . 
  and pis is more pro-eu than you think . 
  i 'm afraid it will end up like this : migrants would be forced to stay in poland , but they will be paid germany levels of money , so let 's say 1000 $ monthly . 
  with that they can live fairly comfortably in poland without having to work . 
  the left control most of the media , this is even more dangerous than the government, 
  i thought this was sweden !, 
  huh ? 
  is n't this sweden ? 
  i 'm sorry , i thought this was sweden . 
  do n't expect any military action like that . 
  there wo n't be shooting at the boats or shooting in the direction of refugees/migrants . 
  that would have been a pr nightmare and impossible to implement in the current system . 
  they 'll probably swim to the boat full of migrants and be like `` plz go away '' `` no '' `` ok , here are some blankets then , have a nice trip '' . 
  not willing will not get hurt, 
  well , one pakistani guy died already on the train tracks some time ago . 
  in the case of poland , our government is just trying to delay the inevitable until the elections next month , and their long term plan is to escape when shit hits the fan and find some nice seats in eu structures . 
  it 's not racist because they are both brown . 
  now if you were to put polar bears there ... 
  we ca n't pay good enough wages for working people , and you propose us to pay people money for not doing anything ? 
  no way . 
  do you really want british feminists to go topless ? 
  tow them towards the italian shore, 
  so they will make sure there are always some civilians guarding the boat so that any destruction of the boat ends up in civilian casualties . 
  well , every few years belarus and russia train for a simulated nuclear strike on warsaw , you 'll get used to it, 
  reminds me of that medal of honor allied assault mission on the submarine where you wave papers in germans ' faces, 
  honestly , we might as well use toilet paper for our elections ... 
  honestly , we might as well use toilet paper for our elections ... 
   and speaking of secular tolerance , how strong are those values in poland ? 
  you 're confusing secular tolerance with secularity in general . 
  we do n't discriminate against people of other faith . 
  that would be do n't leave trash swimming in our seas, 
  most of the public trashcans are very small and they get full very quickly and it can take weeks to clean them out , so people throw the trash to it , it falls down because it 's full and then wind spreads it around, 
  so , how is a poll for accepting refugees relevant for anti-immigration protests ? 
  i am for taking refugees too , but they need to be willing to work and if their home country gets safe they go back there . 
  i am against economic migrants . 
  we will defeat our enemies with the power of tolerance !, 
  sweden shall lead us to glory . 
  that 's the point . 
  in case of morocco vs canada , as an european , not only you have poor vs rich country , but also way different culture vs fairly similar culture .
