  as we 've seen , many people coming to europe should n't be considered refugees at all , some are n't even from syria . 
  i think it 's not about the immigrants . 
  it looks like they want to prevent the refugees that get forcibly put in poland from escaping to germany at first opportunity they get . 
  ahh yes , an article on leftist website stereotyping shy nerds as potential rapists and creeps . 
  thanks , i needed that . 
  umm yes , that 's the theory . 
  but the practice is that even the most militant feminists still go for the manliest , toughest guys and expect them to be the providers . 
  you ca n't fool biology . 
  also , guys that do n't fit the `` old-fashioned '' gender roles are even more screwed , because they are `` nice guys '' nowadays , biggest threat to women ever known . 
  it is , guess why it 's called feminism and not egalitarianism . 
  many people just do n't want to accept the truth . 
  just look at how many western men buy into feminism which is anti-men . 
  am i the only one that reads it as `` we are leaking , but we are still drinking more '' , meaning `` we are in trouble , yet we 're gon na party and invite many more immigrants as if nothing has happened making it worse over time '', 
  well then . 
  time to make our own schengen-like zone . 
  with blackjack . 
  and hookers . 
  did n't sweden offer free houses for returning isis fighters recently ? 
  orly ? 
  i ca n't think of anything more derogatory than belgian . 
  rpg-proof is n't necessary . 
  media backlash proof tanks would be more useful in this case . 
  eu has a say in immigration policy , except for countries that opted out , such as denmark . 
  germany has to abide by schengen rules for granting visa , and all eu countries have to abide by the un regulations that determine refugees treatment , mostly dublin regulations . 
  so germany ca n't exactly fly syrians to eu , if they could , they 'd do it already . 
  border-free movement applies only for people owning a eu passport ( or other right to stay document ) . 
  only way they could do that is to create asylum centres say in turkey , accept asylum requests there and for people who have it granted fly them directly to germany . 
  refugee conventions and other regulations state that refugees are supposed to apply for asylum at the first safe country they come to . 
  this has worked for quite some time , because when escaping war any country works for you . 
  but now , we are dealing with ` refugees ' who do n't want to stay in the first safe country , they want germany or sweden . 
  germany has soft hearts so they said they wo n't deport them to first safe country , but still they ca n't fly them in . 
  also , what hungary did - build a fence on the border , despite the controversy in western media is a perfectly good solution . 
  people can still cross the border . 
  the trick is they have to do it at the official border crossing and they have to apply for asylum in hungary . 
  but of course , they do n't want to apply for asylum in hungary , they want to apply in germany . 
  so they took the route west , through croatia , austria and slovenia . 
  free elections , that worked so well in afghanistan and iraq . 
  western european politicians will utilize this attack to justify enhanced surveillance of citizens , 
  do n't be so happy yet . 
  they are saying that because their voters want to hear that . 
  it 's possible that when eu applies some pressure to them they will be `` yeaaah , but it got signed before , so we have to pass that law , but we will totally reject any more !, 
  really ! '', 
  more like as in `` let 's stop the flow , then we 'll worry about how can we let those people in '', 
  no need to end schengen area . 
  it worked well for a long time , but we have to fulfill the `` protect the outer borders '' part . 
  so is the western europe . 
  you think eu is a charity organization that helps poorer countries gifting them free money ? 
  it 's the guardian , what do you expect, 
  poland built the first oil refinery . 
  they probably changed the definition of gunshot victim to any person that was within the vicinity of a gunshot . 
  so , what was the migration related anti-riot practice about ? 
  how to take care of aggressive migrants rioting or how to take care of privileged whites beating up on poor refugees ? 
  well , it worked . 
   hundreds marched through farmland and waded chest-deep across an icy river , desperate to continue their journey before the weather got even colder . 
  i love this logic . 
  it 's too cold in slovenia !, 
  let 's go to sweden !, 
  the problem is , whenever a roma person does n't behave like the stereotype , if that person rejects the life of begging and crime , it is shunned upon by peers and in many cases kicked out of the community . 
  it 's sad , but usually roma people make careers by not being roma . 
  at first i looked at your flag and was like `` what is he saying ? 
  i thought hungary does n't let them in '' . 
  my mom supported a family of four out of a 250 $ pension or so for many years . 
  you just find ways to deal with the situation . 
  borrow money from relatives/neighbours , share school books , clothes between siblings etc. 
   apart from that , every country is free to leave the european union whenever they wish . 
  are you sure ? 
  as far as i know there is no law for leaving the european union , it 'd have to be prepared first . 
  we can strike a deal . 
  you give us your submarine , we 'll take lw\u00f3w in exchange . 
  we can create our own v4 naval force . 
  czech republic will lend their carriers , slovakia will lend their frigates . 
  main hurdle imho boils down to the fact that you need to use any force to stop the refugees . 
  if they can just walk past the border unbothered by anyone , no law will stop them . 
  even cutting down on benefits is n't an issue , they can either cry in media how racist and intolerant europe is until they get what they want or just disappear and work illegally , they 'd be still better off than staying in iraq or other country they are from . 
  people over 40 vote for the currently leading party , votes of people below 30 is what counts now . 
  unfortunately , for leftist media , people of color ca n't be racist . 
  well , we do n't have nuclear power plants or anything like that . 
  western europe is so high and mighty now because they do n't have to use coal , but they were using lots of coal 30 years ago . 
  when we catch up to their level , we can stop using coal and switch to something cleaner , until then it 's just blocking our economy . 
  i 've been living in a theocratic country for two days now , ama, 
  for me it 's not even about traditional meaning or sanctity of marriage . 
  for me it 's about polluting the public debate with issues which are n't that relevant at the moment . 
  maybe it works in rich countries , because they are rich and have nothing better to do . 
  i 'd prefer my country focus on growing it 's economy and raising wages , reducing corruption etc. . 
  when you open the tolerance can of worms , most of the public discussions will boil down to lgbt `` rights '' , abortion , adoption , every new flavor of the week sexual orientation that pops up , sex quotas in companies , which does n't really help anyone , but it 's #justleftwingthings . 
  when i was in budapest few months ago i saw two gays kissing in the tunnel , not bothered by anyone . 
  well , if you are n't a minister in the government , your only job is to press the button as decided by your party 's leader . 
  i do n't really see him any worse than say niesio\u0142owski or grodzka, 
  who should we vote for instead ? 
  in poland we do n't have a tradition of celebrating halloween , although due to pervasive american culture , movies etc. 
  people here kind of celebrate halloween too . 
  it 's an opportunity for girls to dress up in a costume and put on weird makeup in the clubs mostly . 
  see , leftwing used to be about protecting the weak . 
  nowadays , it seems like leftwing is more concerned about white guilt , privileges , gender quotas etc. 
  we can close the borders for illegal immigrants and use force if necessary . 
  that 's how you usually protect a country or countries from an invasion . 
  korwin voter detected, 
  we are already the laughing stock of europe and submissive towards germany . 
  western europe hates us because we do n't want immigrants , rest of europe hates us because we said we wo n't want immigrants but then at the vote we voted for immigrants . 
  better than having your head cut off,
