i do n't know man , every country has its own selection of beautiful girls , so you know . . 
  / queue the nuremberg rally applause ... 
  no experience with the first two . 
  just like our hookers and weed . 
  it 's the dutch way . 
  that 's because it is inappropriate to serve spacecake at family outings . 
  i do n't know where you found that or who invented it but i never want yo see it again . 
  british food is mostly too much of a good thing . 
  to the point that it turns the stomach of the casual observer upside down . 
  well ... you are american and share a similar style of breakfast . 
  i mostly think of grease in different forms when i think of english food . 
  yup . 
  several years ago it was n't like that at all . 
  well ... berlin was a fucking mess as well around nye with people throwing fireworks on the crowd and a friend of mine from berlin got punched in the mouth for no reason . 
  she was left with two broken teeth after the guys ran away laughing . 
  according to her they spoke german though . 
  another friend does n't even want to spend nye there anymore because it 's downright terrifying . 
  germans seem to have no idea how to use fireworks . 
  every single person was just shooting heavy arrows from their hands for example . 
  you know , the kind that will kill you if it blows up early ... 
  it was absolutely retarded . 
  here is the first summary that i came across : http://news.nationalpost.com/news/world/russian-made-missile-exploded-less-than-a-metre-from-mh17s-cockpit-dutch-investigators-say, 
  the cockpit broke off mid-flight . 
  i do n't think there was much control after that . 
  with less tears, 
  lived in berlin . 
  only thing open on sundays were the turkish supermarkets . 
  everything else was a ghost town . 
  it 's a meme, 
  ( there he is again ! ), 
  is the name of that series i believe, 
  well , we do supply the world with quite a number of models ... 
  slight problem with this title ; last thing i heard over here is that the police would n't tell which side he supported . 
  not that it matters if you are threatening people to the point of getting arrested, 
  close , it 's ` aardappel ' . 
  basically ` earth apple ' . 
  tell the how we translate potato . 
  fuck you heathens with your ketchup on fries !, 
  mayonnaise is the only sauce for fries . 
  the only time that ketchup is allowed to come near is when it is mixed in equal parts with mayonnaise and some chopped onions . 
  that , or when i come to some destitute country that does n't have it . 
  very gut !, 
  was n't that their own choice ? 
  go and compare the regions of dvd and blu-ray ... 
  maybe not . 
  but blu-ray does have it and it has even more fucked up regions than dvd had . 
  europe is clustered with africa . 
  so forget about those us or japanese special editions . 
  i would if i could . 
  perhaps they have a different deal ? 
  screw the sceptics . 
  actions speak louder than words . 
  but imagine how cool it would be to watch some of the local series and movies . 
  even if it was just with english subtitles . 
  there is no true free market competition today . 
  otherwise the us would n't have a car industry anymore and the eu and russia would be without agriculture on an industrial scale . 
  not redtube ? 
  well , are you familiar with altavista , lycos or ilse ? 
  so ... less dick skin = less cells for hiv to maybe develop in . 
  though from that same article :, 
  look up the procedure of adult male circumcision . 
  they leave the foreskin alone and cut away part of the skin on your shaft . 
  what cosmetic benefits ? 
  and pretty much all the medical advantages can be had by washing your dick . 
  hygene reasons, 
  if cleaning yourself does n't help against stds then why does circumcision help ? 
  got ta love cornwall 's `` i want to be a free and independent person but i will still get an allowance right ? '', 
  for now . 
  or change the name united kingdom to divided kingdom and abbreviate it as dk . 
  meanwhile the dutch are still pissed at a couple of romanians that burned some stolen paintings and are waiting for some other paintings that are still in ukraine ... 
  an / s would have made the upvote/downbote choice easier . 
  especially when experience should have taught us by now that spreading them out causes the least problems . 
  it 's the concentrating of any group of people without letting them integrate that causes problems . 
  until i see a picture i am guessing you might be looking at a bike street where cars are guests ? 
   them nasty syrians . 
  why is that ? 
  because `` they are not culturally compatible '' ? 
  that 's classic anti-islamic retoric . 
  i am aware poland is a deeply religious catholic country but that does n't mean it can not work nor that it can dodge its responsibility . 
  it 's the immigrant paradox : they both steal our jobs and are just lazy welfare sippers at the same time . 
  / s anyhow , i think historically there are more examples of lots of immigrants causing a golden age for a country . 
  think the united states ( 20th century ) and the netherlands ( 17th century ) . 
  people without a sense of humor . 
  or the ones who just want to get on the downvote train . 
  use that / s or face the downvotewrath !, 
  so you think istanbul would consider joining the eu ? 
  as said before in this thread ; lower educated people run a much higher risk to be replaced in the workforce by immigrants and sometimes automation . 
  higher educated people run a bigger risk to be replaced by automation but probably not until a machine can do their job ( almost ) as good but much cheaper . 
  he is an idiot that will try his hardest * not * to be held responsible . 
  you can always complain and gain votes if you never `` get a chance '' to exert any influence because as soon as he does n't get his way he just pulls out all support . 
  zip it shorty . 
  there is more than one false claim in here . 
  like it being a peaceful protest . 
  it was , until they were asked to leave and started throwing bricks at the police . 
  then they brought in the riot police and dogs . 
  oh and of course the whole being in negotiations for a new time and place while calling up people to come protest . 
  and do n't mind the threats if turkey would not get their way, 
  it 's basically the same as paying taxes . 
  rich people pay more , poor people get more . 
  the thing is , most of the uk is not that rich .
