  between the tiny village of santa cruz and sines that road has had four lanes since as far as i remember . 
  it 's not really an highway , it 's a regular road with the profile of an highway and it was built many , many years ago . 
  when i was younger and spent my summers with my grandparents in that area i used to go through it a lot . 
  a few years ago it was meant to be turned into an highway and extended to beja but then austerity hit and it was left unfinished in it 's current state . 
  i 'm chill . 
  i just feel this kind of posts can use a warning like the one i wrote . 
  maybe because an hipotetical european army is far more likely to have to go on a peace keeping mission to a french speaking country thant to a german speaking country . 
  but i find it idiotic to determine the working languages of the units beforehand . 
  in case you have a unit with a majority of spaniards and italians maybe it would make some sense to have those two languages as working languages on that unit alongside a third more popular one in europe like english , german or french . 
  i tend to dislike this kind of posts , and they are a bit too frequent . 
  these can mislead others to think that one country might invest on roads a lot less than the other - or even worst , create the idea that one country is less developed than another in the same magnitude as one road is better than the other - while in reality it will only tell you about the investment in this particular area of each of the countries . 
  maybe that is a very populated area of romania and a not so populated area of bulgaria so the bulgarians might want to invest first on roads in another place , or in other kinds of infrastructures . 
  or maybe it has to do with timings , maybe romania got the resources to invest on this road before bulgaria did . 
  i remember in particular a similar post that got reposted plenty of times of a situation like this on the border between spain and portugal , the road on spain 's side was great , and on the portuguese side it was terrible , yet as any portuguese will tell you , until some years ago portugal invested massively on road networks , to a point that the investment started to draw criticism in our own country for being so excessive . 
  some people felt that we were building fantastic roads that were barely going to be used . 
  yet here we were , on reddit , discussing some backwater road in the middle of nowhere that redditors felt should be improved , exactly the kind of unnecessary investment portugal did n't need and should be diverted instead to other more useful things . 
  some roads just are n't used often enough to justify bigger investments . 
  it 's the same in portuguese , and we probably have the germans to blame for , they are the ones who started calling them letten . 
  eesti can into my heart . 
  beautiful kerning !, 
  those are very common in portugal , in fact i live in lisbon and have gas delivered that way . 
  my house was built in the 40 's so it 's gas system is n't connected to the public system - since there was no public system in this area of lisbon back then - and it 's not worth the cost of changing it because i , like many others , only use gas for cooking . 
  do you know if ` gas ' means gas delivered through a pipe system or just having gas at home no matter how it 's delivered ? 
   why am i being downvoted ? 
  i thought reddit was pro free speech and net neutrality ? 
  i did n't downvote you , but what has one thing got to do with the other ? 
  net neutrality means that service providers wo n't treat internet traffic differently and freedom of speech means you can write anything you want . 
  that does n't mean domain owners wo n't censure you in their own paid for domains or that people wo n't react negatively ( i. e. downvoting ) to what you write . 
   neonazis and their secret plan to become new ` jewry ' . 
  ftfy, 
  we are ? 
  what 's the source ? 
  europe does n't have to be divided at all , these are just informal groupings of countries . 
  and as informal as they are , countries can be in more than one group . 
  since when has western europe got to look like that to be western europe ? 
  portugal is the westernmost country in continental europe and it looks nothing like that . 
  as far as i 'm aware religious opposition to scientific developments has been unheard of in europe in many decades . 
  roman is troy !, 
  turkey ca n't into europe but europe can into turkey !, 
  that 's probably the vatican . 
  tell me about it . 
  what the hell is eurosonic ? 
  we 'll think about it . 
  we 'll discuss your case in the next rectangular meeting . 
  that 's a very catalan way of thinking about it . 
  `` why is croatia bad at geography ? '', 
  no pastel de nata for you !, 
  sure does . 
  best year of my life . 
  the link is dead , but sef only deals with foreign nationals in portugal , and i remember seeing similar numbers for immigrants . 
  plus the article itself says that those are only the legal africans in the country . 
  as you said there are no statistics on ethnicity in portugal so at most you 'll only be able to find estimates , not that i 've ever seen any . 
  your thesis is valid my only issue was with those figures . 
   wikipedia puts the afro-portuguese population at 150,000 . 
  that 's a pretty low estimate , it includes only legal immigrants of african origin in portugal . 
  it does n't include black portuguese citizens nor illegal african immigrants . 
  you are right i should have been more specific when there were at least three east indian companies , yours , ours and the british . 
  edit : according to wikipedia there were seven in total , an austria , a swedish , a danish and a french on top of the three i mentioned . 
  and we have a very old history of fucking everyone , and i mean literally fornication . 
  there 's plenty of people with partial non european ancestry and sometimes it 's very hard to tell . 
  growing up i had classmates with indian or macanese grandparents that looked much like everyone else , i can say the same about some relatives in my extended family who are part moroccan . 
  cristiano ronaldo had a cape verdean great grandmother and most would n't even know . 
  our second to last president jorge sampaio has partial moroccan jewish ancestry . 
  tv presenter catarina furtado is part goan . 
  and i 'm not even bringing up the ones where you can tell like our current part-indian prime minister . 
  the ones with partial or full european ancestry are even more inconspicuous , and often impossible to recognise if it was n't for their exotic surnames . 
  most immigrants to portugal come from brazil and africa , including muslims from guinea-bissau and mozambique . 
  more like the east india company . 
  after losing the indian ocean trade monopoly portugal got by for a while on brazilian gold , albeit with less wealth than before , and not too long afterwards after brazil became independent portugal impoverished even more despite keeping all its other colonies until the xx century . 
  they were also mostly footballers who could n't make it to the pros . 
  well , this post is about the protests in front of that particular mosque is n't it ? 
  is that andalucian ? 
   my diet consists on francesinhas . 
  all the time . 
  i really hope you are an olympic swimmer . 
  those are n't just nasal vowels , they are all diphthongs with a nasal sound and a non nasal sound , which are quite uncommon . 
  that says that the most impactful germanic peoples were the suebi who were between 6 % and 12 % of the population in their kingdom that was in modern day galicia , half of portugal and some surrounding areas . 
  i would wager we are more likely direct descendants of the remaining 88 % to 94 % . 
   we do n't have any influence in it now , anyway . 
  because you do n't want any , no ? 
  you are the second largest economy in the eu , virtually tied with france , and not too far behind germany . 
  and you are also the second most populous country . 
  because russian was the lingua-franca in eastern europe during the cold war , and it 's probably still a very popular second language there nowadays . 
   1960s portugal looks like 1950s spain i 'm sure that varies a lot inside both countries . 
   he was voted the greatest portuguese ever in 2007 though , beating people like d. afonso henriques , vasco da gama , fernando pessoa and aristides de sousa mendes i would n't say that was representative at all of the general views on him . 
   when in fact we are more likely direct descendants from the suebi and visigoth source ? 
  it 's possible i guess , but can you tell it from that picture ? 
  and peri-peri chicken , as they call frango de churrasco . 
   i 'm not sure if england/uk and portugal are friends , we just have had very aligned interests for many centuries . 
  i think this is a very good summary of the alliance . 
   just for chinese people . 
  it 's not just for the chinese . 
  this is especially interesting since just twenty five years earlier the whole [ pink map debacle ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pink_map ) happened . 
   cities ** proper ** basically how many people live inside the city limits as defined by the territorial division on a municipal level . 
  in other words , useless . 
  that area is in the rainshadow of the peneda-ger\u00eas and mar\u00e3o ranges . 
  the ranges are the ones seen [ here ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/08/portugal_location_map_topographic.png ) on the top of the country between the three [ topmost ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/viana_do_castelo_district ) [ coastal ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/braga_district ) [ districts ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/porto_district ) and the first [ inland district ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vila_real_district ) right next to them . 
  the alentejo region might have this stereotype of being just meadows and pastures but there are still really vast cork and holm oak forests covering huge areas of it , especially in the set\u00fabal and \u00c9vora districts . 
  in fact if i had to i would bet that alentejo does n't have any less trees per km ^ 2 than estremadura , ribatejo or beira baixa . 
   with a strong `` r '' you mean a guttural * r * ?
