  not named after cuba though , that town predates the discovery of the island by columbus . 
  london square , bern avenue , paris avenue , berlin avenue , chile square , rome avenue , madrid avenue , ceuta avenue , bethlehem street which is in the bethlehem ( bel\u00e9m ) area of lisbon , buenos aires street , mexico avenue , bras\u00edlia avenue , brazil avenue , rio de janeiro avenue , uruguay avenue , venezuela street , bolivian republic avenue , city of prague avenue , city of c\u00e1diz street , city of rabat street , city of cardiff street , ukraine avenue , padua street , city of bratislava avenue , united nations avenue , etc. 
  there 's a whole area where streets are named after cities in angola , mozambique , guinea-bissau , cape verde , s\u00e3o tom\u00e9 and pr\u00edncipe , daman and diu , goa , and east timor , and another area where they 're named after foreign rivers , seas , oceans , capes and other maritime features . 
  there are also many places named after foreigners like the albert einstein street , roentgen promenade , yitzhak rabin street , mahatma gandhi promenade , santos dumont avenue , saint thomas aquinas street , calouste gulbenkian avenue ( although this armenian was a very important man in portugal ) , milton poet street , edison street , newton street , victor hugo street , cervantes street , commander cousteau street , amundsen street , captain cook street , eiffel street , edward vii park and a bunch of streets named after popes . 
  why are you joining the ` no ' votes with the ' i do n't give a fuck ' ? 
   but they do n't want an independent catalonia because they do n't support an unilateral declaration or on top of not supporting an unilateral declaration ? 
  that still does n't really answer my question , i do n't know what defines the basin i 'm looking at . 
  but from that map it ca n't be the drainage basin , which if it was , portugal would n't be part of it anyway . 
   they 've used them to brainwash the catalans with nationalistic-xenophobic bullshit , lie about history and annihilate spanish language from everywhere i guess a catalan would call this them just undoing the castilianisation processes they have been under spanish rule . 
  what is the mediterranean basin ? 
   is named pedro fuckin hipster, 
  dude , by what criteria is aluminium wrong ? 
   there is no u in color . 
  trucks are called trucks , not lories . 
  when i 'm sick i go to the hospital . 
  as much as it irks me personally , it 's aluminum , not aluminium . 
  because you say so ? 
  officially both color and colour are correct . 
  lorries are just as right as trucks , and it 's the same for aluminium and aluminum . 
  it 's the same in portuguese , * ouro/oiro = gold * , * \u00e1ureo / dourado/doirado = of gold * . 
  here in portugal there 's hermann joseph von krippahl better known as herman jos\u00e9 , he was born in portugal but he is a german citizen , not portuguese . 
  he was probably the most famous talk show host here in portugal in the last decades . 
  if i stretch the definition of celebrity a bit there are also : the serbian born chef ljubomir stani\u0161i\u0107 who has appeared plenty on tv shows , most notably anthony bourdain 's * no reservations * . 
  the swedish born film maker solveig nordlund . 
  several portuguese olympic athletes like the bulgarian born shot putter tsanko arnaudov , french born alpine skier arthur hanse and russian born swimmer arseniy lavrentyev . 
  there are also some footballers like french born adrien silva , english born tiago ilori and german born c\u00e9dric soares . 
  i looked it up and apparently it means the opposite in english . 
  how should i translate it then ? 
   i 'm looking at you , portugal yeah , do n't trust names that much . 
  most of those parties were founded in very revolutionary times just after the conservative traditionalist anti-communist dictatorship was toppled . 
  i usually vote for fictional characters , i add a box and write a name in front of it . 
   did you know that the church actively supressed autopsies for centuries leading to a very low anatomical knowledge base in europe in the middle ages ? 
  that caused countless deaths . 
  because that was the roman tradition - and the catholic church inherited much from the roman law - as far as i know it did n't have anything to do with theology . 
   i 'll sabotage my paper sabotage as in casting an invalid ballot ? 
   fuck the eu . 
   two great forces marry and take back ~ ~ the whole country ~ ~ the remaining moorish lands . 
  by far most of spain had already been taken back before the catholic monarchs reign . 
  i know , i know . 
  but to the ` catholic monarchs ' , and everyone else in that era , the only spain there had been before they invented the new one comprised the whole peninsula . 
  in general , their orthography is/was simpler than ours . 
  ` ver como os espanh\u00f3is ' it 's a portuguese saying or adage or something of that sort . 
  when someone grabs something to examine it even though they are n't supposed to handle it , people will say something along the lines of ` why are you looking at it like the spaniards ? 
  ' , implying that spanish people always grab things to look at them . 
  it 's a weird thing . 
  i wish we still had that rule . 
  we got rid of it several decades ago , and brazil got rid of it with the latest orthographic reform . 
  sorry , i really do n't understand , would n't aficionados spend their money in completely unrelated ways to animal quality of life ? 
  i mean , i can kind of get where you 're coming from when you talk about land , the land prices would drop and conservationists would more easily be able to afford larger tracts of natural land for animal conservation . 
  although you are ignoring a bit the fact that land is already dirty cheap in many areas of inner portugal and spain , so that 's not really the issue . 
  what i really do n't get is how conservationists or the cattle industry would have more money to improve their animal 's quality of life . 
   they united the `` catholic '' spain always pretending we do n't exist . 
   the resources we waste how come ? 
  do you think aficionados - bullfighting fans - would start investing in improving other animals quality of life just because they would n't be able to invest in bulls and bullfighting ? 
  so , to sum it all up , the portuguese flag is green and red because those were the colours of the political party who managed to topple the monarchy , it has an armillary sphere to symbolise our now lost union with brazil , it has castles on it to symbolise a king 's connection to his spanish - blergh - family and it has silver bezants on the blue escutcheons to symbolise our now kind of lost ability to issue currency . 
  yeah , no wonder we learn a bullshit explanation in school . 
  this flag would n't last another day if people knew the real reasons behind it . 
  portuenses tell jokes about lisboners ? 
  i think i 've never heard a joke about porto in lisbon . 
  little known fact , there are also [ happy fados ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=biz4oawamdk ) . 
  the sad ones just sound better . 
  also , i would argue that the brazilian bossa nova , which is generally sad , sounds way better than samba too . 
  it 's obviously not the church who is providing the counseling . 
  portugal is a secular country , if anyhthing like that had been proposed there would be an epic shitstorm with people left and right accusing the lawmakers of attacking our secularism . 
   this new development raises the question whether the church or the state will do counselling . 
  what do you think ? 
   the chelsea physio she is n't portuguese , she 's gibraltarian . 
  those are stereotypes . 
  except for porto being far more popular up north than anywhere else . 
  edit : someone asked me if there was n't a basis for this stereotypes , i wrote an answer but the other comment was deleted meanwhile . 
  i will post it here anyway because i like old football history and this is somewhat interesting . 
  sporting was founded by a group of upper class young men and it 's first facilities were paid for by a viscount who was the grandad of one of them who asked him to do it . 
  that viscount was actually elected as sporting 's first president . 
  sporting was popular among the upper classes in that era which is n't to say that sporting was the ` upper class team ' , most teams those days were created by the upper classes including the one that was created by the family that brought football into portugal , the club internacional de foot-ball . 
  sport lisboa , the original club that would later join with another to form benfica was founded by a group of former students from the casa pia charity school ` behind a pharmacy ' , which sounds very humble on the paper until you realise that the reason it was founded in that pharmacy was because it belonged to one of them , who was an hereditary count - sporting 's viscount 's title was n't hereditary . 
  :( not to mention that the casa pia back in those days was n't exactly what it is today , the sudents were n't that miserable and they received a far better education than most , which is the reason why they became architects , sculptors and businessmen . 
  i should know this too , my great-grandfather grew up on casa pia and he was just a few years younger than benfica 's founders . 
  on top of that many of those ` poor ' students who founded sport lisboa in that pharmacy then joined sporting because sporting had the best facilities in lisbon , including the , at the time , sport lisboa president . 
  many of those students would later become board members at sporting and one of them was even the most important president sporting had in it 's first decades . 
  this effectivelly mixed up the not so poor students with the upper class kids , so i would argue that , while having a basis , it 's mostly stereotypes . 
  sadly , it has n't stopped classists from both sides from using it has a weapon against the other club . 
  why does blue represent the monarchy but not white when they were both introduced to the flag at the same time ? 
  do you mean the ekd ? 
  what 's their view on same-sex marriage ? 
  no , because japan was already known to europeans before the portuguese arrived there . 
  he is n't a native english speaker , you should just be glad he knows enough english to communicate a little with you . 
  we are talking from the perspective of europeans , those lands were unknown to europeans before those voyages and thus they were ` discovered ' from our perspective . 
  if this term does n't work for you from the perspective of an american use another term . 
  but for us it works and does n't have any superiority complex associated to it . 
  that was n't my point . 
  i ca n't really see how a proposal to split the euro would ever look like that . 
  have you seen how few the eurozone purple areas are ? 
  germany minus bavaria and a big chunk of the ruhr , plus the northern half of the netherlands , finland , estonia and most of latvia . 
  and that 's it . 
   romance catholic i 'm pretty sure you have n't heard of `` romance catholic '' either , probably roman catholic . 
  it does ? 
  no , not really . 
  portugal does n't have a relationship with it 's former colonies like the uk has . 
  you ca n't forget that just 40 years ago we were at war with most of them and even if that issue was partially forgotten with the democratic revolution and the recognition of their independence there is still some mistrust between both sides . 
  they fought wars of independence but in the end it was portugal who let them go after the carnation revolution toppled the dictatorship .
