finland is better at making legit statistics . 
   there are plenty of authors who have written about forms of hegemony , so you need to use more than a single word to make a reference . 
  gramsci 's happens to be explicitly the most dominant referential point when speaking of hegemony . 
  its the first thing which pops out when you google it , but somehow you believe that it was too obscure for you ? 
  the reason why this was an issue has more to do with you than anything else . 
   of course there 's a cultural compenent do democracy . 
  it 's you who wanted to reduce it to a set of rules for picking rulers . 
  noticing some of the dominant patterns in democracy is not actually equal to -- `` reduce it to a set of rules for picking rulers '' . 
  the thing you commented initially is :  `` democracy has safeguards in the form of rights and justice to prevent abuses and mistakes based on short-term passions of majorities . '', 
  so , here you wo n't propose or suggest anything . 
  you are just saying something which is not related to anything , which is somehow my fault , correct ? 
   that 's just a pretentious way of saying `` you 're wrong '' . 
  i ca n't really affect your way of interpretation . 
  you do n't seem to be happy with whatever answer you get . 
   i do n't give a shit what you are . 
  if you have pretensions , make them true by showing that you are at least able to express your ideas coherently . 
  you are right in that sense that you do n't seem to give a shit about anything . 
  i think i should n't even bother to explain ? 
   you 're free to disengage at any time , but if you are unwilling to explain yourself ... my willingness to explain is only limited by your attempts to sabotage the discourse . 
   ... then i do n't see why anyone would agree with you when it 's not even clear what they should be agreeing with . 
  surprisingly , its quite obvious for me why you , or `` anyone '' if you will , is struggling to understand when presented the current context . 
   what are you smoking ? 
  you 've probably skipped some classes at school if you have never heard of gramsci . 
   democracy is not a black and white categorisation . 
  we certainly would n't consider a society like ancient greek cities like athens democratic today , and yet they still are considered one of the roots of democracy . 
  or for that matter , our own democracies a century or even half a century ago . 
  intent and direction of growth matters a lot already , no human affair is ever perfect . 
  the reason why you do n't understand hegemony is the same reason why you think there 's some kind of degrees of democracy . 
   and ? 
  your opinions do n't hold up if logic is applied . 
   and ? 
  please make an effort to articulate your thoughts and line of reasoning . 
  you 're very obtuse , and implications that may seem self-evident in your mind are not necessarily so for the rest of the world . 
  i 'm not a walking & talking textbook who can discharge information at command , but i have quite wide capabilities when i 'm able to work in a context where people have elementary level of knowledge about humanities and politics . 
  in this sense your discourse is tautological because it needs constant reaffirmation of things which i see plainly as obvious . 
  the reaon i think you want these statements for things i probably take for granted , is due your hope that i make some kind of mistake you are capable to exploit . 
   i did n't say that . 
  / / what ? 
  when you said :  democracy has safeguards in the form of rights and justice to prevent abuses and mistakes based on short-term passions of majorities i wanted to point out that majorities are consisted of individuals , and individuals can also express impulsiveness . 
  individuals suffer equally from `` short-term passions '' , unlike what you tried to suggest . 
   and what may that mysterious extra factor be in democracy ? 
  hegemony  no , it would n't . 
  why would you assume so ? 
  because human rights are fleeting . 
  india is considered as a democracy , but the caste system is still in place unofficially . 
  coercive methods are almost always needed . 
   and ? 
  the world does n't work accodring to optimistic expectations . 
   what are you trying to say ? 
  pretty much that democracy functions as long as there 's something which keeps it functioning as it should . 
   democracy has safeguards in the form of rights and justice to prevent abuses and mistakes based on short-term passions of majorities . 
  individuals ca n't have short-term passions ? 
  what ? 
  single person can be manipulated easily , but a manipulation of big masses is harder to perform , and it can be objectively deduced . 
   much like i have an alarm clock to wake me up in the morning . 
  i do n't like it , but all in all i choose to go to work anyway rather than follow my natural urge of sleeping until i wake up naturally - and i use my alarm to realize that . 
  there 's always some extra factor which decides which time is the right one . 
  nobody want 's to be late from work . 
   human rights etc. 
  are the alarm for sleeping democracies . 
  that would suggest that people are similarly educated , understand the human right in a similar manner , and understand the equality in a similar manner . 
  there 's too much optimism in play . 
  when there 's much people around , all kinds of differences start to emerge . 
  some are taller than others , some want to sleep longer , some are thinner , some are fat . 
  some do not even care about democracy , they are just happy if they find pasta from their nearest market . 
  but the most optimistic ones believe that politicians want the best of their nation , as theoretically , when they get money for their decisions , they stand away from all others who go to work and do whatever they need to make their living . 
  ready, 
   i am not sure how you can say that in an ideal democracy the will of the people should be heard then you go on and explain why this is a really bad idea . 
  democracy works fine as long as people are oriented towards the basic rules of the game . 
  you either accept the rules and take part in the society , or you do n't accept , and you wo n't be part of the society . 
  this is fundamental : if do n't participate , you do n't vote . 
  in this case you have no right to judge what those people voted for . 
  in a large society you can always move away if you do n't like what those people voted for , or you intentionally worked yourself into a condition where you made yourself a victim . 
  i mean everything has a cause behind them . 
   the underlining principle of every just government is the the consent of the governed . 
  i 'd say representative democracy is precisely about reflecting people 's will . 
  political leader is always representative of the people , as well as he or she is similarly elevated to his or her position from the ranks of common people . 
  it would be suited that the leaders possess the similar will as the people , as that 's the only reason for their election into their position . 
  in other words political leaders should be allowed to reflect the will of the people back to them . 
  that 's the only possible way to have representative democracy . 
   essentially the reason why we as individual transfer the monopoly on power to the government is because we do that under the pretense of a social contract , a certain set of rules everybody has to play by . 
  that , at least theoretically , is where the government draws its legitimacy to rule from . 
  in return this means that even a majority can not vote against those rules , because otherwise , why should the minority accept its claim to rule over them ? 
  indeed , but there 's good reason to question this . 
  social contract does n't really hold up when the elected representatives can , with a great majority , change the rules by which they were elected . 
  this new predicament is not however not voted , it is adjusted afterwards . 
  i mean if you buy something from the shop , and it turns out to be something else by the time you arrive home , its not really the thing you put your money into . 
  the reason why i stress the importance of ideal democracy is just to point out that the democracy we have today has its flaws , and it does n't even want to improve itself . 
  its slowly sliding into something else . 
  the overall hypocrisy for modern democracy is , just like what varoufakis tries to express , is to disguise the needs of the elite into something innocent which can be then voted on . 
  yes , we indeed vote for some middle men who probably do things to benefit the people , but the moment when they think the people are not good enough to decide what 's best for them , its better to question whatever they are doing . 
  the act of voting is direct expression of the will of people , and if politicians think that there 's something wrong with that , they are practically questioning their own legitimate position as a representation of that will . 
  the limitation of the will of people is n't democracy , that 's the point . 
  : : : edit : : : ready, 
  you dry their noses and make magic dust out of them, 
  yes yes , i agree that democracy is bullshit , but in ideal democracy the will of people should be heard . 
   in order for a democracy to worker and be legitimate it has to have some form of protection in place so that 51 % of people can not vote for 49 % of people to be put into gas chambers . 
  hold your horses j\u00fcrgen !, 
  who was talking about gas chambers ? 
  if ideal democracy is about direct will of the people , in the cases of life and death , the population with less probability to win , will for its own good compensate the result by turning into more effective methods of protest .
