if that was a skin it price would be over 9000, 
  lol in lithuanian `` kale '' means bi * ch :d, 
  best free week ever : o, 
  u forgot lolhentai ;(, 
  i think eune is the toxiest . 
  those polish people say the word ku * wa atleast 10times in a match . 
  my ignore list is huge too . 
  so epic . 
  i want this so much :3, 
  yes voli yes yes yes ty riot i luv u < 3, 
  meh my pc is a potato so i get lags on everything, 
  why riven is still 6300 ? 
  because ... dead teemo = good teemo, 
  rip english, 
  jatt cursing in 1min or i kill you, 
  downvoted , real etho is better, 
  make for eune too plsss, 
  greenpencil is a girl or a boy ? 
  downvoted for misleading title, 
  the post was removed :( can someone say what was in this post ? 
  the post was removed :( can someone say what was in this post ? 
  haha its so funny gj , do you have your real work ? 
  im lithuanian and poland sucks, 
  let the war begin, 
  well think again , im lithuanian, 
  how is lithuania not from europe ? 
  so many gays in reddit lol !, 
  they said they were not playing seriously and now they stepped up a lot, 
  his orianna is very good too, 
  best idea evar roit pls, 
  roit pls remove fiddledicks, 
  same, 
  ugly face, 
  lol , i remember watching your minecraft videos and unsubscribed long time ago cuz your videos sucked :d, 
  relevant name, 
  happy coke day !!!!!!!, 
  its already preseason, 
  not funny man , it just shows how immature you are, 
  lolking says it 's 57.09 % , 
  getting in to a game now and it crashed over 5 times now, 
  zuna is fat !!!!, 
  kha overnerfed so hard omg, 
  soon \u2122, 
  because you are n't bjergsen, 
  yesterday played against lee as renekton and i absolutely wrecked him . 
  cait can only farm and poke with aa 's, 
  obligatory tits or ass ? 
  pm me the link please ir got deleted, 
  someone is mad, 
  lmq vasilii said lmao and it sounded like lomo, 
  yep, 
  flash on f for flash ignite on d for damage m8, 
  flash on f for fuck off ignite on d for death, 
  both teams didnt have double ap what are you talking about ? 
  trying to make your name relevant ? 
  well , not today, 
  because you 're only looking at her boobies, 
  can i use the cg files in the download or i have to take them from that folder only ? 
  i did everything right and tried both automatic and manual and it still does n't work and the tbb.dll file version is 2.1 still , any ideas ? 
  welcome, 
  ohhhhhhhhhh, 
  why qt whyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy, 
  tagged , saved , screenshoted , bring it on . 
  captain sparklez used this in his video :d, 
  xpeke got xpeked, 
  relevant name, 
  3150 , guess who ? 
  too late, 
  / r/rule34lol disagrees, 
  the bots get leveled up only to lvl 10 so the account can get refs . 
  you do n't see them probably because you are lvl 30, 
  omg you were my favorite in internet icon and you play my favorite game < 3, 
  eve scales best actually, 
  happened to me today and fked me over so hard ... 
  whats with the downvotes ? 
  he 's poor !, 
  365 days i want to go back in time, 
  not this again ... 
  quickshot : `` jree should not have came in to that one '' when he couldnt do shit, 
  the new thresh prince is in town everybody !, 
  its not for summoners rift tho, 
  you ca n't run from being delicious :\\ ^ ), 
  its already up on reddit , check before posting . 
  whats with the downvotes on the post ? 
  i will never understand downvoting on reddit ... 
  you ca n't run from being delicious :\\ ^ ), 
  its full start drafting . 
  unlimited is from bulgaria not lithuania lol, 
  source : http://lol.gamepedia.com/unlimited, 
  a lot of people have that much , nobody gives a shit anymore . 
  press tab and ignore ... 
  was in the last patch aswell, 
  i run 9/0/21 and it works very well ( plat 2 ), 
  very sick bro , keep it up !, 
  its like normal dodge , you lose 3lp . 
  idk about other four but definitely genja with his brain anyone could rule the world, 
  oh wow red side 56 % win rate . 
  did n't expect that . 
  no you do n't, 
  he is blind in all of his skins :d,
