  on the contrary of course , this happens every elections , my point being simply the fact that our beloved leader is more orban than orban , hence the audience in the eu . 
  i wrote :  which is a leading power in the world . 
  to try to avoid bringing those out - they are strong but to some extent must represent us interests in asia , so please do n't twist it into :  are they `` single-nation states without natural resources yet with strong international position '' ? 
  i give up , 
  i can only encourage you to make a research on your own on the subject . 
  food production for example , and the more wealthy farmers are , they 'll more likely buy a german made farm machinery and uk made tractors . 
  money circulate and have positive influence on both developing and developed economies . 
  well i was trying to find a propper comment , but / u/yousoundquitedumb, 
  what a bold philosopher you are . 
  after becoming enemies with russia , we now must become enemies with eu , and germany , because this is what wiped us off map for 120 years . 
  please be real , you must pick side and stick to it . 
   this is literally what happened with the past government , except that it was n't publicized . 
  citation needed, 
   but still they forget that theres no independence if its not our goverment that decides but western politicians . 
  we had something similar once , just the orders came wfrom east not the west . 
  you have no idea what you are writing you know ? 
  if you want to see where the current changes lead to , go live in hungarian utopia for 2-3 years . 
  nationalism is not patriotism , make yourself a favor and try to find one country that is a single-nation country , and has no significant natural resources , which is a leading power in the world . 
  what is funny about that ? 
  getting money from eu is not a charity action , there is a mutual benefit . 
   democratic just getting rid of that part, 
  well if that depended on me , i 'd say we sit in this together , so lets do it , lets invest in refugee camps . 
  the more the merrier, 
  this does not compare , i am sure many poles ( me included ) would welcome refugees and be hospitable and as helpful as possible , problem is with refugees themselves . 
  ** the don `` t want to stay in poland ** , they simply run away . 
  we could take much more than 12000 , problem is they treat my country as a prison and flee to germany / nordics . 
  this is a bit insulting , life ai n't a box of chocolates here , but you can make decent living . 
  i seriously think we could do more good in the refugee camps . 
  please do n't say it loud, 
  usually ... 
  you forgot `` it 's tusk and merkel fault '' , and `` germany are conspiring to destroy poland '' , and your favourite `` lizard men are denying our right to own firearms '', 
  i think you really need your pills ... 
  no , it is you living in a world of delusions, 
  no , you lie , you got paid to do this ? 
  i am not sure how is this related to demonstrations . 
  i would also like to point out , that the semicolons are your friends . 
  for all those who ca n't find it in the right wing circle-jerking on this thread - the demonstrations are not anti-government and are not pro-opposition . 
  they are the effect of public outrage , after our new government decided to ignore constitutional court sentence , they then commented that it was not a `` sentence '' but more of a guideline and they do n't need to follow it , which in fact breaks constitution and the rule of law . 
  nobody wants to overthrow democratically elected officials , it is more of a show that rules apply to everyone , should this movement fail , i do n't really know why do we need any constitution in poland . 
   in general i am against pis and it 's actions but i 'm not afraid and i do recognize government legitimacy about 50 % of pis voters say that these days  i am bystander there is no such thing, 
  this gov promised that as well ... 
  sure , [ a lie . 
  ] ( http://www.khaleejtimes.com/article/20090704/article/307049975/1036 ) i ca n't find anything solid on a supposed budget change , but at least nobody promised early retirement or 500 zl for a second child , which is outright lie . 
  there will never be enough money in budget for such social spending without impacting taxpayers wallets , which is something different to what they promised . 
   they got this budget from the previous gov which had a habit of making `` optimistic '' plans right before elections . 
  [ citation needed ], 
  welcome to the club . 
  i am a liberal and i am for helping refugees settle in poland , it 's not easy but you can make decent living working honestly and respecting the law . 
  despite what some might say , you will receive credit for your hard work and no one will point they fingers on you because you are arab / jew / black / vietnamese etc , at least not more than it could happen in lets say , france . 
  ** but the bloody migrants just do n't want to come here , so why force them !? 
  ** , i will be first to assist anyone who would like to settle in , but how am i supposed to help someone who 's treating my country like a prison ? 
  trump seems to be an entertaining fellow, 
  or maybe they just love anal ? 
  i still think it 's better to ask them than make theories . 
  i do n't really understand how is that related to reproduction :p [ to be just , better check german child benefit programs . 
  dunno , i 'm polish ? 
  ask german maybe ? 
  we have no money for this , even now current gov tries desperately to find it , but in my humble opinion they will fail utterly . 
  what we really need is focus on economy and trade , i can tell you from my own experience that there is no better motivation for having a kid than stable job . 
  this is not a good idea , this did n't work well in yugoslavia . 
  i fully support eu troops to cross-train until they know each other by second names , but common military ... nah . 
  because russians still openly feel sentiment towards him , and russian authorities not only allow it , they [ support it . 
  ] ( http://www.unian.info/world/1074007-workers-day-in-moscow-communists-with-stalin-portraits-novorossiya-propaganda-anti-us-slogans.html#ad-image-2 ) do you imagine similar demonstration to be allowed in germany with hitler portraits and swastikas ? 
  which we do pretty heavily , unfortunately parts of it are crap , and victim to a really bad management . 
  i would like to point how well `` polish '' howitzer krab ended up , and it supposed to be mostly made in poland ( except for the cannon and turret if i reckon correctly ) . 
  we do have very decent small arms production , we do good artillery radars and manpads , thanks to rosomak we also have nice troop transport , rest is shit unfortunately . 
   he vetoed bad bills and actually bothered he vetoed every bill of the previous gov. 
  regardless if it was good or bad , he is the pis lackey and nothing else , to the point it is even a bit disgusting , i did not vote for previous president for the same reason - no guts  as far as build quality , local ai n't better . 
  you must have heard about how chinese ~ ~ built ~ ~ tried to build a highway in poland , they did n't do too well  proper honest inspection during construction is all that it takes for concrete to not fall apart now if that 's what it takes for you to accept that nuclear plant is well built , i hope they build it in est poland , at least nothing important gets destroyed . 
  so analogically , if turks were flying over crimea every day , to make landing approach when returning from bombing transistria , do you think putin would just let it be ? 
  deal is to build chinese nuclear plant , i hope you 'll support raising it ( since you are so supportive of the president ) near your house , chinese are known for quality building , especially outside china . 
  well you write that you understand but you do n't , so unless you are democratically elected official please do n't speak for `` people '' , your opinions are your own and you have no mandate to state otherwise . 
  oh so you are an elected official then ? 
  in that case reveal yourself , make ama !, 
  which people are you talking about ? 
  who elected you to speak for `` people '' , maybe people want something else ? 
  you know term extends further than your facebook friends . 
  also remember all polish migrants are car thieves , even if they are your doctors , it technicians and waitresses , they always think about car theft , it is lingering at the very edge of our consciousness when we are abroad . 
  i bet that at the time when i write this comment , someone in germany looses his passat . 
  unfortunately for some muslims , other muslims decided to adjust the meaning from original to `` i have a bomb and i 'll blow myself up '' . 
  uh , brace yourselves , hes going to be around for 4 more years . 
  as much as one can agree or disagree on decisions made by eu governments during migrant crisis , pulling ww2 whenever they can ( believe me this guy loves that sort of moves ) is just low , and this is not how i want my country politicians to make international discussions . 
  plus maybe some badass special ops on the ground to piss them off , no ? 
  it means he learned nothing , only deepening his ignorance , should you actually care and do some research on how iraq imploded , after americans created a power surge there , you would know the civil war erupted around sectarian division , and the only group that was interested in making any nation were the kurds . 
  he is quite ignorant of the problem . 
  if this was easy like that , syrain war would have ended by now . 
  he does not understand that nation-states are new to arabs , they do n't fight for land or common language or culture , because frankly there is little difference between them . 
  pretty bad sign for future politician who should understand the complexity of the modern world , where ignorance is no longer a shield . 
  trrrembleeeeee before muslims, 
  you do n't know our history then , first republic incorporated multiple nations and religions , and we were at the peak of our power then . 
  then due to some dumb decisions and later divisions we became this homogeneous sad shithole . 
  sure you know it because there are so many of them in poland, 
  how dare you refuse our holy polish law to hate and fear what we do n't know ? 
  what 's your point of view ? 
  tremble before every muslim , forever inbreeding in our sour polish sauce ? 
  see , you are giving a good example of terror attack that was a win , you 're terrified . 
  i find no confirmation of this anywhere else , so i would not take it for granted, 
  we do n't owe you our independence , we even borrowed you our [ national hero ] ( http://www.history.com/topics/american-revolution/tadeusz-kosciuszko ) to help you get yours ... 
  then they will pack up their stuff and move for nordics , and i think this is where second stage of the problem starts , because there will be nowhere else to go ... 
  i do n't think they care , they come and say `` deal with us '' ...
