  true that , best of luck . 
  bit too late to try to fix that now , no ? 
  he always does at the end of his speeches , he always was a mad hatter among polish politicians . 
  i is funny how it is easy to go `` evil banks '' and `` good people '' rhetoric , and just downvote anything else . 
  many seems to forget that the bailout replaced high interest rates loans from private creditors with almost no interest loans , this was done to help the greek economy service the debt , as well as save the banking system of the eurozone . 
  i for one am completely against further lending and bailouts , greeks are still way more wealthy than polish , given that it is hard to justify further lending . 
  shit is about to hit the fan , he knows it and decides to run . 
  what a pitiful argument to make , why would uk accept 750 000 immigrants from poland ? 
  in germany there is 2 000 000 polish !, 
  if we do n't accept the africans what sort of discussion do you want to make to ukip supporter ? 
  not to mention nuber we are to accept is tiny compared to our own immigrants . 
  zhirinovsky ... and everything is clear . 
  as a sidenote , he could not live in netherlands for five days , because he is on sanctions list , he would not be allowed in . 
  man , corrupt politicians is only a part of greek problem . 
  most of it is the fact that greek citizen does not want to be responsible for greece as a whole . 
  they want someone to blame which is not themselves . 
  i traveled to greece 3 times as a tourist , i 've only seen cash registers in big shops and at hotel . 
  not once have i gotten a receipt for food i 've eaten , for drinks , for scooter i borrowed , not a penny of what i spent went to greek budget , and this is the real problem . 
  should have let them default in 2010 , now the guy would be happy , because he would start getting pension again . 
  nice try , but you get hit for [ that ] ( http://www.un.org/apps/news/story.asp?newsid=50215#.vzeyzfnkg2i ) . 
  once this is over , we can all be nice to eachother again ( not speaking for ua guys tho ) , play trade and economy etc. 
  sitting still works toward their ( separatists ) disadavntage - they are not a coherent nation-army , they are many , mostly foreign militias , often with different views on the conflict than official ( russian ) authorities . 
  the more it is peacful on the frontline , the more it is likely this whole thing will implode due to conflict of interests . 
  said but true , you ca n't blame the majority in poland for being xenophobic though . 
  you always fear what you do n't know , we are homogenous society , unlike yours , there is no pakistani shopkeeper or nigerian teacher at school , so common folk gets most of the information from tv , which is `` terrorist this '' terrorist that '' , and so they fear to accept any difference as possibly good change . 
  if you take a look at the history , before partitions this was a commonwealth of many different cultures or even nations , now diluted to `` this '' . 
  we will get our shit together , but 25 years since regaining real independence is too short , there is a genetation that needs to go before people here will stat accepting new reality . 
  thumbs up guys , keep up the good work !, 
  excellent riposte , in that case denying them extra income from working on sunday is the way to fix the problem !, 
  maybe he just started to comprehend the consequences . 
  he really lacks any integrity , i would not be surprised if they withdraw from this letter and deny everything , after all he just called referendum to let the folk decide . 
  i think eurozone wants just tsipras and varoufakis out , since they proven to be difficult to negotiate with . 
  i just read about this stuff , i am not on the ground , but i imagine this would need to be some sort of super-politician , who would need to appeal to eurozone and keep the greek national pride intact . 
   well ... the saying goes : `` if everything else fails ... blame the germans '' . 
  has worked so far for a lot of ppl . 
  we know something about it  on the other side : yes , what he said was obvious . 
  if someone would now propose to give a 3rd bailout , with basically no rules and tried to bring it into bundestag ... that would be his end . 
  i am not surprised at all , if someone would try walk into parliament and say we need to go dutch to bail out greece , he would have a riot . 
  how much do i love the mass hysteria people can get into after reading something that is put bluntly , but is not surprising after all . 
  in the end if the greeks vote `` yes '' in the referendum , tsipras will resign and we will be back at negotiating table with someone who has social mandate , if they vote `` no '' they will have their democratically elected default , which they seem to want , so whats the fuss ? 
  thanks for the insight , i wish you guys best of luck , i fear you 'll need it . 
  i think most has a feeling of standing at the edge with bungee line attached , since they made their minds , they want to jump . 
  they will be angry or violent towards anyone who tries to stop them thing is they are not being told that the line is unhooked and nothing will soften the fall in the end , if they vote for no more savings , i am really curious on the documentary bbc will make in 3 years or so . 
  colleague of mine ( it engineer ) told me recently he would burn the famus rainbow in warsaw . 
  i asked him `` why ? 
  '' , to shorten up becasue gay is evil , and he would not like his kids to be raised with gay ppl cuz they deviant . 
  i asked him does he know any homosexuals in person , he told me he does not , i asked him does he have children , and he does not . 
  he aint dumb either , so at some point i failed to understand what is the cause of that form of thinking . 
  man , the conrete is cracking , but it happens sooo slowly ... 
  it 's easy , they ar all lined up cuz lady in front can not make her mind if shi wants to withdraw 50 or 100 . 
  i 've been in that situation many times . 
  i think many greeks would rather default than take any cash from turkey . 
  do it then , if it fixes both your and their problem , why no try it ? 
  good to see assumptions and preconceptions still make those comments and downvotes . 
  this is good and bad argument at the same time . 
  simmilar applies to many countries , poland included , but when ritch bailout poor parts of state , it is more like helping your little brother do develop and stand on his feet , especially you have much more controll over what happens with the money . 
  but bailing greece ( the way i feel it ) is like suddenly giving all your hard worked savings to a cousin , who was living on a credit and had fun , while you worked your ass of to save money ( bear in minf i mean the time that debt was created , not the current situation ) , not ok emiotion wise . 
  especially that right after cousin gets the money he can spend them all on vacation , as you have no controll over it . 
  this is why we have union , not the federation, 
  i am not sure if anyone linked this befroe , this is the case of argentina , if i recall correctly this is what i watched to get an idea on what happens when country runs dry : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zsqa-yhe36a, 
  this is very naive of you , this is not happening because everyone now wnats missile shields , this is happening because one side suddenly became agressive , and i fear this is not the nato here, 
  if you need amusement , i am at your service, 
  http://www.happy-wallpapers.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/12/pregnant_belly.jpg this what i meant writing ` belly ' , in case you did want to learn something . 
  i can see the concrete of your mind is uncrackable . 
   go back to school . 
  no , i am to afraid we 'd meet, 
  yup , have any ? 
  is it not possible for rightys to avoid attempts forcing their own convictions on others ? 
  as with many things in life one should be able to decide for himself what does he choose to do with his own belly . 
  jokes aside , it is catholic taliban that forces us to stick to this primitive ban . 
  if you believe that most future mothers would suddenly want abortion because they can , you are grievously wrong . 
  truth is that if you want abortion you will get it , regardless if it is legal or not . 
  and you proof is ? 
  it is plot by the british to reduce the immigration , i can see right through it !, 
  cuban missiles were offensive , i understand if we were installing pershing missiles aiming at moscow . 
  not to mention why any of our nations does that in the first place . 
  but those missiles are to shoot missiles , you are aware of it right ? 
  they were not invented because peaceful lack of nukes in ussr , and their peacemongering diplomacy . 
  your username alone is worth an upvote , 
  this is a hippie crap and you know it . 
  if we were in stable , conflict-free environment , and all only focus how to increase trade , i would agree , but now ? 
   that 's the kind of mentality that german empire had before/during the wwi . 
  nevertheless it collapsed . 
  i am not telling we should cause a world war , or increase size of military . 
  i am saying we should be respected in the terms of military strength , and driving a 30year old tanks and apcs is not a way to do it . 
  so what do you do if you find thousands of armed russians knocking at your door ? 
  cry to merkel over phone to send someone ? 
  ah i know , heal , educate and retire them with fat pension . 
  ah yes fuck them , retarded mindless crowd without understanding of world around them , unable to make a living because they are too dumb to dive a forklift, 
  this is why we need some of those migrants back , we need you back , to influence the society and push for a change , to show how things can work , and that you can do politics without constant insult and inner war with your opponent . 
  sadly the bad , undeveloped and middle-ages poland lives mostly in the minds of its inhabitants . 
  depends on what diploma do you have , if your lifetime ambition was to study english philology , just like 500k other guys , there is nothing wrong here , you just picked a bad direction . 
  i would not be so pesimistic , of that 1.3 million maybe 300k will actually leave , and most will be back because of being homesick . 
  we can only hope that by the time they are back , economic situation would be good enough for them to stay . 
  i do n't entirely agree with the latter , mainly because my colleagues and friends from old work ( mainly engineers and programmers ) are starting to return . 
  of the 20 guys i knew to leave 4 years ago , 10 are already back and another 4 are looking for jobs here . 
  as for the minor jobs you are entirely right , it will be years before you can make decent money with them here , and some of these guys will probably never return . 
  i could only add that in my honest opinion , this is to some extent caused by the the parents of students , who force their kids to study to `` be somebody '' , which in turn produces massive amounts of sociloogists , ` manageres ' etc. 
  who then have no work , and leave to do minor jobs . 
  i rememver my host in coratia talking to us in the evening , we were showing him milky way and my father explained in poland we call it ` mleczna droga ' .
