  in addition :  the sad process of putting communism with its corruption and demoralization behind funny knowing how many former communist party members thrive in our glorious leaders `` law and justice '' . 
  we sent them to penal colony on an island , uk or something ... 
  good i am very happy , your polish brothers from 1938 approve ? 
  as your friends murdering in jedwabne ? 
  do they approve as well ? 
  do i keep the spirit up ? 
  as for kaczy\u0144ski , i do n't need to humiliate him , he does excellent job by himself , problem is he is dragging whole nation with him , that 's what i do n't like . 
  yes yes , soros and petru , they hypnotize us and imprint that in our brain . 
  we had a pope !, 
  and he was appointed saint ( or blessed ) , that should be + 50\u00a0000\u00a0000 to catholicness !, 
  you can keep being good at soccer ... for now . 
  come on what competition ? , here 36\u00a0000\u00a0000 of true catholics , and there only 5 000 000 ? 
  because in the head of standard right-whiner here , there is no such thing as critique , there is only attack , which you must fiercely deflect with whatever retarded argument you can muster . 
  we ar polan and everyone else is wrong . 
  it is the usual jewish-reptilian conspiracy , aimed to destroy the only true catholic democracy in the world , so we can be messiah of nations ^ s ^ s ^ s, 
  hurray , we can now spy on those evil muslim terrorists ... but we did not let them into the country at all , wtf ? 
  edit : as rightfully pointed i sneaked too much polish to my english . 
  no , you 're right it is not . 
  they point back to km, 
  he 'll learn fast enough once the living standard in poland falls down . 
  bullshit , protests are not ant-gov , they are against breaking the constitution, 
   both pro- source needed rest seems legit, 
  and white !, 
   also im a student that cleans toilets for shit cash during the summer , so no please well you can clean toilets in our right-wing paradise , we are very hospitable and make small poops . 
   they are doing it all from the power they have been delegated by the people . 
  if that was the case it would not be a problem , but the whole process of eu control was started because they refused to comply with constitutional court order , which they have no mandate to do . 
  as for the violence , i meant process was violent , no one is beating up any anyone , it 's just ppl are being fired over night , not just big fishes , but reporters , [ and normal specialists and clerks ] ( http://natemat.pl/165583,po-trybunale-czas-na-rewolucje-w-urzedach-pis-chce-ustawa-zwolnic-fachowcow-i-zastapic-ich-politykami ) ( link in pl ) . 
  instead of making fixes , they break stuff even further just for the sake of getting moar power . 
  when they won elections , i really hoped they could be normal conservative party , but the 're just crazy . 
  you can find some political stuff on / r/poland and http://www.thenews.pl, 
   yet po wanted to prevent that . 
  citation needed , i think you 're using your imagination here . 
   pis actually wants to keep what it promised [ they already broke some promises ] ( http://www.se.pl/pieniadze/newsy/pis-obiecywal-ale-teraz-nie-zlikwiduje-podatku-miedziowego-akcje-kghm-spadaja_741786.html ) , i will save that post and amuse you with more stuff as they meet the reality of stupid socialism they offer . 
  wan na see what is happening ? 
  drop your well paid job and come over !, 
   do you have any sources that there has been violence who said there was violence ? 
   that they are trying to accumulate all power [ here is a member of their party stating ] ( http://wiadomosci.gazeta.pl/wiadomosci/10,114927,19472716,co-pis-chce-zrobic-z-prokuratura-kontrolowac-ja-wyjasnia.html#mt ) that they want state controlled prosecution in order to impose their understanding of peoples justice . 
  he knows what he is saying - he used to be communist prosecutor . 
  they violently taken over state tv and removed requirement for state officials to have a formal skill contest before they are appointed , so they can be removed all at once !, 
  not to mention they disobeyed constitutional court order !, 
   do you think there will be sanctions against the uk poland is not a uk , if the poland gets sanctions , i imagine more pis supporters will move over there . 
   are you just pulling shit out of your ass ? 
  thank you for your insult , i really appreciate it . 
  and bicycle riding !, 
  in that case you can just admit you ca n't match the strength of my superior arguments , and that i convinced you to be pro-eu , lgbt loving , syrian huger . 
   of course im a paid spammer , why on earth i could be against tusk who asked the socialist faction to support this move against poland ? 
  / sarcasm citation needed , i was led to believe he was against it . 
  also move was not against poland , but against our retarded gov. 
  with orban wannabe on top of it ( although he has no guts to lead this directly as orban did ) . 
   i do n't like the eu and i believe that this will only aggravate people towards the union  this will only bring it 's downfall faster . 
  i hope you will stick around building our glorious economy , or maybe no first job yet huh ? 
  you mean break your own constitution ? 
  violently accumulate all power ( and i mean all ) in hands of one party ? 
  cause demonstrations within first 3 weeks of the rule , or maybe propose social care that you 're country ca n't afford ? 
  because if you mean macho stand up to the eu , it is empty , there is nothing concrete to it , if the gov will attempt to quit the eu or its policies will cause sanctions , they will be least popular gov. 
  since communism . 
  i think quite the opposite , should you care , you could watch last prime minister tv speech , they 're scared ( and rightfully so ) . 
   keep at it donald what does he have to do with it , unless you 're a paid spammer ? 
  this is still not related , are n't you taught how to read with understanding ? 
  edit : corrected as per bigots advice, 
  so you choose pis into power so they can do the same things po did ? 
  something is wrong with your rationale . 
  this is a straight lie , but you right-whiners love to lie like this . 
  i see more and more of those posts , and i want to see how you stay in country after we quit the eu and all the fancy regulations and laws are being withdrawn . 
  sorry , i prefer having to deal with immigration crisis than be poor . 
  reminds me of early 90 's , uff rough time to be youngster . 
  saudi arabia would be a paradise for you !, 
  off you go then . 
  you were right and i was wrong here , i apologize as it seems emotions took over my logics there, 
  you 're right , i was incoherent there, 
   now you have a pack of european politicians strongly criticise the new government while they did n't voice any problems when po was actually breaking our democracy were silent when po was in power . 
  citation needed, 
  can you translate ? 
  the only biased thing here is your brain . 
  how can you call this biased if it favored pis all the way !? 
  they went from 41 % to 33 % . 
  better go read some wpolityce or watch republika.tv if the real world is too hard on you . 
  because what ? 
  kaczynskis respect for constitution ? 
  i had same feeling laughing at my friends falling for po style anti-pis rhetorics . 
  but since the tribunal i am sure of nothing anymore . 
  i thought that you managed to click `` half a year '' to compare . 
  [ here you go . 
  ] ( http://wybory.millwardbrown.com/ )  polls shows pretty much unwavering support as well . 
  data needed . 
  you source is biased , wpolityce is a regime newspaper . 
  no it is not, 
   public media is somehow in opposition to the current government . 
  i did not notice , citation needed . 
  what you might not realize , is what our political scientists say : pis did not won those elections as much as the po lost them . 
  most of the support pis got this time , and what brought them to power is a former po electorate , disappointed with last 4 years of rule . 
  pis hid all its craziness and pretended to be just a `` normal '' conservative party , with very small sentiment to the style orban is representing . 
  what they show now is completely different from what they presented in the campaign , and many voters are changing their moods . 
  the real outrage will start when people find out what they 'll need to pay for ruling party social propositions , if it 's going to be combined with good and constructive criticism from eu all the better . 
  please go ahead and read why it is different now than it was with [ previous gov ( link in pl ) . 
  i was trying to explain why they do that . 
  in my humble opinion , the constitutional crisis is the cause of their interest in our politics , i might have been a bit vocal about that , did not mean to insult you, 
  who dares to criticize out new beloved leader mr kaczynski and his minions !, 
  is it because he caused a constitutional crisis within first month of his rule ? 
  no ca n't be .
