  he tod us he does n't do drugs , and it is hard to get them downtown . 
  worry not about poland , when putin completes his masterpiece of changing russia into even more shithole than it is , you can go and heil him more . 
  we have a lot of knowledge about partitioning , that is right , what is important is to have the partition with master boot record, 
  likewise mr beaten dog , likewise, 
   you do n't have any facts about belarusians being famous prostitutes in britain . 
  neither you do about toilet cleaning , i hope we settled this  kremlin propaganda ? 
  official un information about refugees . 
  ukraine is close to the default and living conditions is even worse than in greece . 
  saakashvili , former president of georgia , new governor of odessa 's oblast ' said that ukraine needs 20 years to get back to yanukovich 's living standard . 
  ukraine would default with or without yanukovitch , problem with him was he and his lackeys were such thieves they cut the tree they were sitting on . 
  what do you think forced folks out on maidan !? 
  good jobs and warm food at home !? 
  think logically for a second , how desperate one has to be to live on square for month during winter . 
  deal :p, 
  well if you consider that most of this land is undeveloped desert , places around you with roads , factories and , um peapole , start to look tasty :p, 
  hey hey , we expect a fair piece of that cake !, 
  i am sure they will , especially ones from spain or portugal . 
  believe me or not but some of them even end up here for work . 
  pretty funny you are , tehre are certainly more belarusians that stay in pl than the opposite , as for rest of your failed arguments :  and since polish people famous for being good toilet cleaners in britain you need a legal work permit to do that , this is why belarusains are famous prostitutes in britain  and your position is definitely retarded because i am definitely in a position of critisizing such attitude towards this awful war . 
  your position is retarded , because you do not criticize the war , you repeat kremlin propaganda , completely failing to understand why there is war in first place . 
  i do n't blame you tho , after all those years of living under a boot , you all behave like beaten dogs , getting back to same master because he feeds you , to afraid to start living on your own . 
  from perspective of a country that accepts every single of you poor bastards , i will tell you this : you will live in poverty and lie as long as you gladly turn your butts towards east and spread your buttocks , accepting rubles for it to keep your joke of economy afloat . 
  and i will still help all of your funny students around here , to get off your soviet mentality , and get something else to wear than black sweater . 
  you definately are in position to criticize you know . 
  you are not the brightest kid are you ... 
  it seems that you are commentign but you do n't know or understand whta , you certailn good at finding typso howerve , so have fun . 
  yes , yes i am sorry , you can certainly go and listen unbiased opinion on how russia is not fueling the conflict on / r/russia , but regardless to what extent you wish to lie to yourself , if not for russia , whole thing would have been over year ago . 
  there is plenty of press on the subject , so you can go and make yourself fammiliar with it . 
  on top of that , when putin decides to roll through moldova and take a part of romania , i will be cheering with you . 
  please go support russian imperialism somwhere else, 
  pretty funny , reading through some comments , i watch every day in the news here how another thousands of pepole die in donbass cought in the corossfire , yet you post a shell picutre and somehow folks get crescendo of hysteric comments with some hippie crap . 
  what the hell is wrong with you ? 
  do you think they only fight every wednesdey 9-7 ? 
  i also do n't uderstand what is the commotion caused by artillery shell , they fire those at each other since april 2014 . 
  dude just check ones comments before you start discussion , i see your effort is wasted here, 
  better ask all those christian missionaries who teach birth control beyond calendar is heavy sin , if they feel at least a little bit guilty about it . 
  uk gets bad press form trying to reject the eu nations migrants, 
  russia these days is a superjoke with nukes , neither their economy nor the population make them superpower anymore . 
  please do not grant him his salary , he does not get payed so well if ignored, 
  dude , your comments section has 1000000000000000000000 repetitions of words `` russia '' `` proof '' and `` propaganda '' , go earn your dollars on / r/worldpolitics, 
  i honestly do n't see how this kind of behavior is big news , i would not expect them to publicly admit that there is a substitute medicine with the same active substance for 15 % less . 
  this is common practice for big business . 
  damn those polish , so eager to go to uk / s, 
  you know , russia has every mean to end this conflict , stop it if you care so much . 
  whats wrong about it ? 
  do not feed the troll , this is a right-wing anti-everything guy , he will smash you with his blunt arguments regardless the topic, 
  because cameron is in the fight , now first to back off will ` loose ' and the one that stays will ` win ' . 
  what actually solves the problem is not so important . 
  why ? 
  imagine that headline `` cameron looses fight against merkel '', 
  i do n't think that the brain drain is so bad these days , lots of my colleagues ( engineers , scientists etc ) have recently started to return home . 
  bulk of emigration is minor jobs , and it will be years before we can fill the gap enough to pull these guys back in , not to mention that ther might be other nations willing to fill these positions , leaving the emigrants on thin ice . 
  you do [ this ] ( http://culture.pl/en/article/eu-certified-regional-products-from-the-heart-of-poland ) in order to promote your stuff , works like a charm . 
  lol no , i could not find anything on top of my head , then i found [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/poland%e2%80%93serbia_relations ) and it seems we 've been getting along nicely, 
  oh if you go by these standards then 1 ) germans - our earliest arch enemy 2 ) russians 3 ) austrians - partitions ( also see russians ) there would be few more to squeeze on the list , depending on which border are you closer to . 
  western poland hates eastern poland with passion and vice versa , our politicians have seen to it . 
  plese go ahead and list me pis acheavments during their rule, 
  please , do n't be silly , they exorcised the presidential palace . 
  problem with pis that it is their politics , they are all banners , no real deal when they get in power . 
  i am old enough to remember that and i am far from being hysteric . 
  it just seems some young folks need to learn their lesson , problem is they will not bear the costs . 
  nah it is not that bad , pis resembles more of orban and his party than le-pen . 
  their main issue is that they really want to rule , but ca n't really handle the country once they get in power . 
  this is why they only lasted 2 years last time they were ruling party . 
  kukiz is a retard , he only appeals to folks who want to ` fight the system ' without any idea what the system should be once the old is gone . 
  either you are too young or too brainwashed to remember superb trio of pis , lpr and famed ` samoobrona ` directing the non-stop orchestra of hysteria , belief that it will be different this time is naive - there are no new politicians in pis , and they will be eurskeptic if church tells them to . 
   also to pictures opposition as `` anti european '' is a typical , primitive simplification especially if they supported acession . 
  i guess if you have a different opinion on internal eu policies you just have to be an `` eurosceptic '' and just a bad guy overall . 
  [ this about `` different views on eu '' ] ( http://natemat.pl/85321,pis-manifestuje-w-rocznice-stanu-wojennego-nie-chcemy-niemieckiej-unii-europejskiej-koncentracion-lager-europa ), 
  wait until pis wins the elections by the end of the year . 
  well you can have fun paying for duda promises from your salary in the meantime, 
  i am not aggressive , i am simply trying to understand how can you vote for someone who is not only not representing your views , he stated openly he would oppose them . 
  i wish you no harm either . 
  sorry-whom did you vote for ? 
  was that not the ubercatholic lawyer from krakow , who can now veto over everything that would not fit his view of things , because they are different from jp2 teachings ? 
  but he can now veto over every pro-lgbt legislation parliment could pass , becase `` episcopate has told him so '' , but after all , he is saint because he is lawyer from krakow . 
  very good you only listened to that `` right '' propaganda , not the bad one , if you are really atheist pro lgbt , you surely chose the right person to represent you, 
  you are only homophobic , anti in-vitro katholic in that case . 
  not a very different pedigree . 
  not if you skipped your thai boxing lessons, 
  yup , you grasped the sense of it perfectly, 
  given the ongoing presidential elections , i feel obliged to educate you on [ how we vote in poland . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nymiywppql4 ), 
  you are taking this out of context , which streches more than one post . 
  i never said that policeman should not be punished , there msut be investigation and fair trial , it is easy to jump into conclusions having on-side of story and 1 min of video , but i guess you 're just this type of guy . 
  of course guy got beaten because policeman had a bad day . 
  i think it is pointless to continue this argument , so spare me a reply . 
  no it is not my argument , i wonder where did you read that ? 
  you on the contrary claim `` because he is a policeman , he will not hit me '' is plain stupidity , every policeman is human , and can get violent . 
  on top of all that , when you are with 2 kids and elderly dude , you do n't pick a fight with bullies with clubs . 
  i am really not trying to justify this violence , and i do think that police officer should have kept his cool , regardless if there were slurs or not . 
  he should be punished for his actions , which does not mean he does not deserve to be trialed fairly , and all the circumstances should be taken into account ok ? 
  what i find strange tho is the fact that after first hit the policeman shields his weapon as if this was all over , i wander what has happened when camera was showing the boy , that caused this dude to get beaten up seriously . 
  well you must have failed all history lesson at school , you also must believe that all folks are dumb except for your enlightened person . 
  truth about life my kid is that people rarely resort to violence , unless provoked and in all such incidents the truth usually lies between arguments of one and the other side . 
  i become tired by explaining i am not justifying the police , but i really am not , i simply try not to bash or hate anyone , based on 1 min movie without voice , but you know better it seems . 
  i am jumping because you are jumping , my argument should simply being that should the guy not have an argument with police , the incident could be avoided , this does not make this his fault , or takes the responsibility off the police officer . 
  also what is strange , you can see clearly after guy was hit and put to the ground , the police officer is putting his weapon away , so why the guy gets beaten up after that ? 
  so you have n't been in a riot , a tense public demonstration , a football game or any other potentially violent situation , but this does not stop you from being on-sided , completely rejecting all arguments based on your own lack of experience , nice !, 
  ah so you would stand up to a potential 3v1 with your kids at the line ?
