  edit : spelling/clarity, 
   it also paves the way it will take years before they will be able to produce enough for their market . 
  exactly , did you read the article !? 
  they only have any ` growth ' because of cheap exports and low ruble . 
  if the low oil price will continue and ruble will go up they will be in a different trouble . 
  i think best option would be lithuania and ukraine , but make it fair this time . 
  unite with atlantic , 
  i believe that about 20 million is what they can prove , but 60 is what is the real estimated number . 
  unlike germans in ww2 , russians are not known for well-documenting that . 
  cats are bathing with troll, 
  crimea river, 
  if putin would rebuild lagest country in the world into prosperous economy , that is able to challenge the us , then he would have lots of support , and not from extremist factions , but from general populations . 
  but instead he chose not keep the oligarchy and not make any reforms , why ? 
  because he cares more for his personal power and prestige , than he cares for his nation . 
  i would try to find honest job and save some money first, 
  no , it is like gentleman 's club , that suddenly discovers one gentleman wants to be both in the club , and a prostitute at the same time . 
  i guess you missed then fact that greece is still a part of eu , and eu is not in good terms with russia , so unless you leave the union there is not much you can reset at this point . 
  dude , you do n't seem to understand what the fuss is about , he is talking about ` reset ' with russians and forgetting the past and at the same time demands war reparations for wwii . 
  i fear that the realities of running troubled country overwhelmed them , and observed from distance , the seem to be running amok . 
  i 'm not getting your point , as long as medjilis is working within law , i can see no problem with it , meddle with local politics ? 
  good , if they have enough support , make a party or whatever they want . 
  if they have laws or religious things , they can live with them no problem as long as they are doing that within the baundries that were given by the lawmaker , that 's democracy . 
  as to hostility vs current crimea ` authorities ' , you ca n't blame them really , no need to love your occupant . 
  that it is not ok to supress minority because the are not in line or otherwise critcal of the goverment . 
  i never said that , i am not russophobe as you would like me to be , and i am far from generalizing and calling anyone stalin , even putin as much as i do n't like him does not deserve that . 
  ok i re-though what i wanted to write , forced russification and removal of all opposition is ok if you get rid of all `` referendum '' nonsense and terat crimea as conquered territory . 
   they 're irrelevant in the big picture of things there . 
  sure man sure , like hearing uncle stalin agian , irrelevant here , rusophobe here , an obstacle that needs to be silenced or removed huh ? 
  well oddly enough that was the first thing they ever did , there was no `` maidan '' in donetsk , no peaceful protests etc , just sudden and violent outbreak and occupation of government buildings , and immediate proclamation of ` republics ' by ` some people ' , as if ... orchestrated . 
  so please stop the romantic bullshit with `` youth of donetsk against kiev '' . 
  what kind of man starts discussion after he robbed police station from guns ? 
  thanks to mr putin , they were brainwashed and pushed towards violence as only solution , and now it is war as they wanted no ? 
  man i do n't envy you , we still did n't get rid of all socialism leftovers , including some peoples mentality , and here nobody really liked it in the first place . 
  i imagine your change is even more painful , and mr. president is not making it any easier . 
  folks when they are 22 can be pretty jumpy and make harsh decisions , i also assume he joined azow because they did not ask any questions . 
  what is saddening tho is the fact that he will shoot other 19-22 yr old russians that are aligned with the other side . 
  almost like civil war in russia . 
   the term strammer max ( literally `` upright max '' or `` tight max '' ) originated in the 1920s in saxon slang , where it initially referred to an erection how can you go from erection to sandwich ... edit checked on redtube, 
  i am really in two minds about it , on one hand it looks like pretty piece to rally some public support , but on the other hand ... what does he have to loose ? 
  not like he stays there when guns fall silent , he will move back to motherland , and no one will find him unless putin will see it bolster his own image . 
  here : http://m.onet.pl/wiadomosci/swiat,jrs7j good luck with google translate, 
  my westerm media showed this , maybe you choose wrong media ... 
  it is nice russia does help , but as a side effect you also drew a russian influnce map around the world . 
  i think the real answer to that question is in the minds of citizens . 
  there is no real way to measure it , i can see it progressing in poland slowly but surely , and the big part of it are ppl that return from emigration . 
  uh ... again ? 
  well i am pole , i work in poland for us based company , my boss is german ( well technically a bavarian ) and i believe we have excellent and very open relation . 
  on the other hand i know germans in one team that have boss from poland and they are happy with him as well . 
  i think the eu is changing us in a good way . 
  because it happened before ww2, 
  were you all dishwashing ? 
  coming in next episode : tsipras sells half of greece to chinese , and the other half to russia , pays the debt and still has enough to go on vacation . 
  because oil prices are expected to go up , everything else requires reforms which russia is unwilling to do , because it is not a country for its citizens , it is money factory for top 10 richest russians, 
  i think you have rich imagination and no reading skills , russia will continue to shrink until oil prices boost , simply because it utterly failed to reform itself after fall of ussr and this is now having biggest impact on their economy . 
  for putin it certainly was , it boosted his popularity and allowed to flame nationalism among russians . 
  on the other hand with south stream cancelled , i can see no real advantage of having it , and for sure they pay for it dearly . 
  you need a new assault rifle my dear romanians, 
  grief is strong in this one, 
   most organisations present agreed that the only way towards peace is to exit nato which they consider to be an instrument of the usa to justify aggressive foreign policy . 
  dana feminova , speaking for world without wars and violence said , `` although i do n't share the opinions of putin in many areas , i have to agree with the analysis of our former president klaus who said that russia has no responsibility for the ukrainian crisis . '' explains most of it really . 
  as mankind history proves it , it is best to be defenceless to keep your values and way of life . 
  i know i know you got bombed because of sloba peacemongering , that had to be it . 
  surplus of [ beryl ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kbs_wz._1996_beryl ) here if you need them , no dependability problems . 
  in case of war i do n't think there will be `` good '' and `` bad '' way , every sacrifice will count regardless of motives . 
  hey man , too bad i can upvote you only once for this comment, 
  title is misleading  polish general stanis\u0142aw koziej , the head of the president 's national security bureau , has told newsweek how ** he is concerned russia could reproduce the tactics ** that have led to months of deadly conflict in ukraine, 
  i think you should redo your flag into `` serbian that happened to live in canada '' , you failed to do your homework on this conflict before commenting . 
  pt-91 is old junk , ukrainians have better soviet-era tanks , as they inherited some of the industry after fall of ussr , rosomaks ( or patria apc ) we have few ourselves ... , the need training , comm systems , artillery radars and anti-tank missles . 
  but first and foremost the need trainig to be able to contain this situation . 
  i google translated some of the comments , i vote we should start building a huuge wall, 
  i also feel compassion . 
  he is brainwashed , sorrounded by reality that paints the world black and white , and discourages any individual thinking . 
  in addition , putin is in power for more than half of his life !, 
  question is , are these people broken and lost forever ? 
  as you probably noticed from my colleagues , idea of pro-russian party is pretty failed given public attitude towards russia , which is diving since crimea annexation . 
  it really is as farfetched as trying to put african american in kkk leadership , there are just some things money ca n't buy . 
  russia youth - new hope for the nation ... look how well it all works , he was a conscript , sent to fight war abroad , but he never asked any questions , or doubted in the sense of all that killing . 
  beg to differ about the latter case , so i can say we are split here ... 
  i have no idea where this information comes from , i never heard of that party before now . 
  for comparison this is the latest poll for political parties i [ know of ] ( http://www.tvn24.pl/wiadomosci-z-kraju,3/sondaz-tns-poparcie-dla-partii-politycznych,526138.html ) . 
  pis is currently the opposing party po is current ruling party, 
  putin has 86 % approval rating , so technically 86 % russians can be criticized for supporting his policies , not to mention that this is not / r/russia , so rhetoric where you try to justify russia actions by comparison to usofa is out of place . 
  one takes responsibility for what one does , no comparing . 
  i am not sure if you called me an idiot or suggested that i called putin an idiot , neither is true , i simply stated that his rationale no longer is understood or approved by the rest of europe . 
  it is not a new 3rd reich because it is too weak , and lack one ideology to bind its people . 
  what is worrying about russia is that it is practically a dictatorship , with dictator starting to behave irrationally , at the same time sitting on the worlds biggest stockpile of nukes . 
  well as with everything , there are bad calls and good calls , this is definitely the latter, 
  one man 's craziness is anthers reality . 
  human beings need to eat and drink , they need to have a place to live , stuff to do and means to look after their children . 
  if this is satisfied , there is no strong push for a change . 
  if you add to it a mix of propaganda , repressions and bit of brainwash during childhood , you 'll see it is not so impossible . 
  i am not sure about medicine students , but i believe they stressed in tv that they are only summoning people that were trained . 
  in addition in 36million people country , 12 k is roughly 0,03 % , so a vague chance anyway . 
  edit : math corrected , not to prolong my humiliation, 
  nice , next allied forces should pay germans for wwii . 
  they only summon around 12k people that already had military training , and most likely for couple of weeks . 
  from what i 've read they are testing if the system works . 
  what tv interview shows there is no widespread panic among the ones being summoned . 
  they will run away and the company will be in ruin ... 
  war wiped most diversity in poland,
