   something i always find strange when i come on here is people acting like russia is somehow uniquely evil . 
  but has n't the us harassed and harangued its neighbours in much the same way russia has ? 
  dude , you are trying to whitewash `` the people '' because `` the people '' are never to blame , which is bullshit , putin does not pull the trigger in donbass , `` the people '' do . 
  economics in russia was collapsing before the sanctions , and it would collapse anyway , problem is not western sanctions but the lack of will for reforms in russia politicians . 
  putin may be using strategy of delusional fear to justify his actions , but does not make his supporters any better . 
  hello mister russian apologist , you can apologize all you want , and tell us russia is good because us , which is not an argument at all . 
  you compare one bully to another trying to justify the latter for his crimes . 
  russia is bad for russia does , which has nothing to do with us . 
  as i wrote above , i was not aware of political context of this change , but for the first part of your reply : in long term you need to adapt your schooling to the `` average '' teacher and student , while leaving options for above and below average students . 
  i read the article , but somewhere i missed this context , if this is a repression for participating in politics , then of course it is wrong . 
  i wrote from my own perspective , where when external matura exam was introduced , it became apparent what is the real level of polish high schools . 
  well if you assume every teacher is intelligent and really cares about the students , then i agree it is not as good , but if you take average , with corruption , protectionism and nepotism , then standardized testing is much better . 
  believe me or not i have first hand experience of both . 
  poor students fear of being objectively tested . 
  i think the idea was to hurt the economy , but not make them desperate , besides swift is a double-edged weapon . 
  i think what should have been done long ago is training and defensive arms for ua military . 
  the ukraine situation needs to be settled first , we must not forget why does all of this taking place . 
  as soon as ua territory is back in ua hands , and the dust settles , i still have st. petersburg to visit . 
  it is because of age , some of these peapole are old `` soviet zombies '' , fed with propaganda and socialism style of living ( they are used to life where sate would accomodate for everything , your work , food , aprtment etc. 
  they feel tricked by capitalism which offers more income , but at the price of having to decide for yourself ) . 
  they are dissapointed because most of them are unable to adapt to new reality , so they vegetate off crappy social that poor state can afford for them , and remember `` old good times '' . 
  some of them are young `` natinals '' to whom putin is impressive because of his `` macho '' style , and oppersion of sexual minorities ( well to be honest all minorities ) . 
  to round it up , putin would like to be countweight for us ( which he is too weak for ) , and this is serbia , that was bombed at the clinton order . 
  same here dude , guess where nato land forces would muster in case of all out war ? 
  do n't worry , they threaten us with iskander missiles every wednesday , to the point where i stopped caring anymore . 
  i guess after some time you get south corean style attitude towards your aggresive neighbour . 
  eve : online , uspoken number of hours taken with my multikulti corp, 
  i planned to go on vacation to russia , visit st. petersburg and moscov , but that was year ago ... 
  i am sorry ode to joy i [ had to . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=owgzdynpaso&amp;list=rdowgzdynpaso#t=8 ), 
  too bad i was wating time on replying , got my lesson tho, 
   that got redneck really fast . 
  i often get emotional over putin apologists , sorry  then why are you using english ? 
  so you can understand , apparently everything non-english is to difficult or propaganda  really ? 
  you read them all ? 
  such an obvious lie ... [ polish newspaper ] ( http://www.tvn24.pl/aneksja-krymu-polska-i-finlandia-nastepne-w-kolejce,525710,s.html ) for one , but you know , you 'll need google translate for that , and it will change it into propaganda, 
  they will mop up them ruskies ... 
  are you retarded ? 
  eu has 24 official languages , besides this story is described in all of them by different media , plese leave this subreddit if you do n't like it . 
  oh well , i guess you 're right . 
  we will be here should you make your minds . 
  russians need those rents in dollars now, 
  there are only 2 kinds of people in crimea now , happy or beaten ... 
  russian propaganda aimed at west makes me laugh , but russian propaganda aimed at russians make my brain spin around with spinal column , which causes my tailbone to tcikle in my arse . 
  lets have that ww3 already , because i ca n't stand that russian nonsense anymore, 
  no it could not , as this article is not bashing israel, 
  brings me warm memories of protests in warsaw every year during independence [ day ] ( http://www.strategic-culture.org/news/2014/11/12/over-200-arrests-warsaw-nationalist-march-ends-clashes-flares-water-cannon.html ) , i must admit however that police here can be much more heavy handed , which is good, 
  hey mind you evil redditor !, 
  you must never blame greeks for their current financial condition because you get downvoted to oblivion . 
  many greeks on / r/europe proven me that all those money they now need to pay back were stolen by evil politicians . 
  people are never at fault because they are , well the people !, 
  well i wish you that little by little you 'll get to something decent, 
  at this pace you 'll run out of politicians soon, 
  well i do n't wish you greece that russia will hug you as it hugged us after ww2 . 
  once you become dependent , they wo n't let you go easily . 
  hey man i do know there was some bad blood between our nations , and i do not justify any of the poland moves in 1938 , but can you please point out where that `` truth '' is still `` valid today 100 % '' ? 
  well if all your morals cosist of that kind of thinking , then there is no problem with that . 
  i personally liked him , even though many of things he proposed or planned to do , ended up watered down , because he was trying to please everyone and not pleasing anyone in the end . 
  he was a bright contrast to his opposition , as he was good rethor in my opinion . 
  fot the same reasons i think he is perfect where he is now , i guess he got tired of poland national politics , as debate here tends to get very aggresive . 
  i really appreciate your reply but this is wasted effort . 
  truth is that there was an alliance , and it was worth crap to us , i also did not intend to bring this as an argument to udermine nato . 
  many of my coutrymen including myslef believes the alliance will work , i simply wanted to make a point of why some may be bitter towards alliances with the west . 
  if you take a look at the wwii history , you will notice that being part of military alliances with the west did n't do any good to us , this is now taking toll . 
  people are not panicked , but they want to be prepared `` just in case '' . 
  i can see why :d, 
  i know why , because it tastes like sweet fish, 
  i was tricked into eating it because i am huge fan of haribo , i still have trauma :p, 
  do n't forget the lakrids , it should be banned by un, 
  well i 'd say they should run referendum before making such decisions . 
  eu should disregard the note if it is lawless in iceland . 
  ah so you were there and had one ? 
  or is this just your personal opinion ? 
  if it is the latter one please spare me the rest of it . 
  from what i 've read in the news , this is voluntary , basically state sponsored 1 month of survival camp . 
  it is funny to observe though how many cowards come to advertise their cowardice , as if looking for acknowledgement . 
  i come to ease your cowardly burden , russia has so many bombs , than in case of all-out war you will vaporize before you get drafted . 
  you 've got a point there , i did not intend to blame citizens for the crisis either . 
  remember that in democracy ( greek idea ) `` the people '' are putting politicians in power . 
  i really feel for the greeks , but they seem to be making wrong choice over and over . 
  to me you can build a huuuge fucking mast and sail away , thank you for the documentary . 
  well i wish you to be in greece when they bankrupt , as you seem very fond of the idea `` mate '' . 
  if you want to know more about how it looks like on the ground , there is good documentary on the very argentine that you used as example going bankrupt , and it does not show happy faces . 
  as to greek debt , in the very basics of lending money , it is all very simple - you borrow and you need to pay back . 
  greek problem is that the loan was consumed rather than invested , but you can go all varoufakis on poor germans blaming them for it . 
  i know , i wanted to make a point that they do n't seem to care much about signatures and papers and various treaties they obliged to honor . 
  the only law they seem to follow recently is jungle law . 
  since last year i was lead to believe that russia thinks russia has right to deploy whatever they want , wherever they want as long as there is single ethnic russian there, 
  this one is needed badly , hope this will make putin [ ] ( http://imgace.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/09/sadimir-poutin.png ), 
  i love how this thread is about butthurt greeks complaining that austerity is unfair , but forgetting where the debt came form ... germoney is fun and nice when they lend you money , but now when they ask them back huh ? 
  ah right isliamists , ekhebullshithem . 
  i would not underestimate them , russian propaganda is holding 140 mln ppl at bay , and these are not ussr times , they are no longer completely isolated from independent media , i think they are doing better job than china , since they do n't need the `` great firewall '' . 
  also russians are all but dumb , they can be primitive to us at times , but this does not determine they overall intelligence . 
  sadly thye live in orwells book since forever , so their perspective is largely flawed . 
  do you seriosly think we are ready for this ? 
  yugoslavia was united in 1945 , it had one armed force , and it still ended up as it did in 1990 , eu officialy exists since 1993 ... 
  this is just ridiculous , who are they suposed to vote for ? 
  this is the president , it already seems as there was never anyone else ( i guess all competitors are dead or detained now anywyas ) . 
  they have whole generation of kids that grew during his presidency , not to mention state-of-the-art propaganda machine . 
  [ here you go ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/germany/11420627/german-army-used-broomsticks-instead-of-guns-during-training.html ),
