  thanks man , i 'll try it , i wnted to get some reliable data on this conflict for a long time , and i found this [ slovenian documentary ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7l5qm-qrjqg ), 
  well serbia sure tried hard enough , in my very private opinion all supporters of sloba earned serbia every last us bomb that was dropped . 
  i do n't think we should discuss that any further , lets have a drink and think about the future, 
  i doubt it did changed anything , you had this home war coming with recognition of croatia or without it , not to mention srbian green men were first on croatian side of the border , not the other way . 
  nope , serbia did by commiting attrocities , they ( de ) in fact tried to broker peace until the very end , it was usofa that got tired and pulled the trigger, 
  1st - how can nato be aggressive on ua if it has no presence there ? 
  besides breedlove was stating obvious , no one should be hoping that 2nd minsk agreement will be any better than the first , as putin proved he is not intrested in stopping the conflict . 
  2nd - it is fun to embrace european values in another country , that aspires to be part of the union , but when that country gets in trouble we try to look the other way as much as we can . 
  3rd - merkel with hollande will loose any arguments to deffend their indifferent stance once uk and pl soldiers start train the national guards in ua, 
  tell them to go away as this part of poland is traditionally taken over by germoney , wait for germans :p, 
  oh no , why my [ beloved country ] ( https://welections.files.wordpress.com/2010/07/poland-2010-runoff.png ) , you too ? 
  yes , you missed the article to read, 
  how can you build stable western-style democracy when fighting war with your biggest economic partner ? 
  is he out of his mind ? 
  i do understand being disappointment should last year be calm in ua , but in these conditions ? 
  lie , ppl . 
  got fired from public tv for that transmission, 
  what you write is reasonable but seems too subtle for pis . 
  i think they did it for one thing - to bump their support using the mass hysteria . 
  damn what a presenter , and now say `` bloowjobb '', 
  sure , just not what we need . 
  we seek to replace aged mi-8 , black hawk is not only too small , but also export version is ill-equipped compared to caracal . 
  sure you can buy sedan istead of pickup , it just wo n't make the job it is designed to . 
  i 'm pretty sure when we 'll seek to replace sokol , balck hawk will be strong competitor . 
  sure , we could teach military to fly on brooms because stick is made in poland . 
  feel like polish citizen for 30min and stuff yourself with [ this ] ( http://www.polamjournal.com/library/holidays/paczki/paczki.jpg ) . 
  you can always treat it like a research into foreign cultures . 
  i find window on pic # 3 disturbing . 
  what are you , a motivation doctor or what ? 
  we will get to that , it is a simple time x money calculation , it 's just not our time yet , because you need a lot of money for good r&d . 
   polish economy will have to shift towards making machines which turn that product which require resources which we still do n't have and must buy abroad . 
  but maybe fuel was not the most happy example . 
   you realize this actually makes polish products more competitive sure , you just need to carry them around to sell them , this needs fuel , and we buy this for dollars you know ...  stock markets are going down everywhere except ours is going down hard , not to confuse with glorious party social spending plans , that require them to tax everything around . 
   investing in children is a long-term thing . 
  unless you plan to raise them as mad max style wasteland army , it is good to have running economy when they grow up . 
  pis is not a leftist party ? 
  they 're basically like commies , only catholic . 
  did you noticed i mentioned german newspapers in my post ? 
  that 's because i did not . 
   not everybody in poland came out as a winner from the growing economy . 
  of course , that usually requires work , they will be poor compared to west for another 20 years ( well maybe 30 given pis economic genius ) . 
  we could slowly grow in order to be that 3rd economy in continental eu , but no , patience is evil , lets fuck it up now . 
  i do very well however remember gangs of white catholic men molesting everyone around just few years back in poland . 
  you know my city still has places where you do n't go , because white catholic men will beat you and mug you . 
  so catholic . 
  i am not retarded , this is how i know . 
  should you care , try to take flaps off your eyes and take a look around . 
  if opposition says you do it wrong you can say its whining if opposition and eu tells you you 're doing it wrong , maybe you should start wondering if opposition , eu and rating agencies tells you you 're fucking up your economy , you should have a warning light . 
  ** but no , everyone are wrong , only pis is right **, 
   safety  money are you always this panicked ? 
  it seems i was born into a nation of cowards ? 
  125 years of foreign oppression and we retained our ways and culture , but no 12000 syrians ( of which 11900 will run away to de at first occasion ) are going to ** destroy our nation . 
  ** good , you can be piss-poor but no arabs , gratulations . 
  and when you ca n't find a job , you 'll go to uk to work and live with arabs . 
  super . 
  splendid , so you voted for idiots that will ruin the economy for social care that we ca n't afford because you are afraid of couple of thousand arabs ? 
   poland do n't want to be next france where terrorist attacks are standard news in newspapers . 
  there are 31 000 muslims in poland , in order to reach france level , we would need to accept ~ 2 000 000 immigrants . 
  i think you are just panicking . 
  to add to what i wrote above , if we assume most of the refugees are in fact economic migrants , and their target is germany and scandinavia , i doubt any refugee we accept would stay longer than couple of weeks , before running away to the nordics . 
  we should accept some to probe out solidarity with the eu , but then start thinking on building eu border control that could stem the tide , and let us actually decide who is coming in . 
  so , you support limiting your privacy ? 
  ** anyone can be screened for 18 monts without court order . 
  listen , i am not being bitter about , i know this very well . 
  i am not trying to judge british , i realize it had to be a tough call , what pisses me of is this :  britain sacrifices hundreds of thousands of men and bankrupts itself to defend poland against a germany that would have otherwise been friendly to the uk history stays in the past , but lets at least be hones about it . 
  so you ignored it , fine . 
  french and uk forces had every occasion to obliterate german industry during first days of the war - most of german army was engaged in poland . 
  but no . 
  super allies . 
  [ source in polish ] ( http://orokuow.bloog.pl/id,330290435,title,plany-wojenne-zsrr-wojna-nuklearna-plk-ryszard-kuklinski-poswiecenie-od-3-do-10-mln-polakow-atomowa-pustynia,index.html?smoybbtticaid=61658f ) , i could dig up something more , but in general it is about ryszard kukliski and nato-ussr nuclear war . 
  i doubt much changed in russian doctrine since then , their influence zone might have shrinked , but they still keep sizable nuclear arsenal . 
  poland is a transit country , in case nato goes east , main military and supply bases will be located here . 
  boom !, 
  ah , in that case did you read the first link , or ignored it ? 
  this has one purpose , to politically aid new polish conservative government , so it will in turn aid british conservatives in ep . 
  technically there is absolutely no difference if there are 1000 uk troops or not , in every nato-russia conflict scenario , poland ends as nuclear wasteland . 
  they actually did very little , [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/phoney_war ) you can educate yourself . 
  it of course ended with this glorious [ evacuation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dunkirk_evacuation ) . 
  if not for relentless defense of uk airspace by brave pilots , and constant supply from us , who knows what would be left of uk . 
  do n't get me wrong , i did not called korwin retarded . 
  i respect him for never pretending that he is someone else , regardless of how extreme his views are . 
  i just do n't like political showmanship . 
  would you like to have a retarded lawyer representing you in the court , because it is fun to watch when he babbles ? 
  you mean , you read onet.pl . 
  gratz . 
  ah , so the situation , where government without constitutional majority , tries to bypass constitutional court order ( which according to lawyers is breaking constitution , just so you know ) does not alert you ? 
  when they pass a law where you could be screened by secret services just `` because '' is a ok ? 
  when they pass laws over night without consultation , or any debate , it is fine right ? 
  you must be commie then , because you sure love your party . 
  enjoy . 
  this is probably worst bullshit i 've read in ages, 
  you see , you do n't get the point , first - the book is not about commies , it is about their children - not only we must stigmatize commies , but their kids too . 
  second , it is pure insinuation . 
  problem is who decides who 's trustworthy and who is not . 
  if you can switch your brain off and take stuff like this for granted , bravo . 
  nope , [ i 'm afraid no such thing as reformed commie . 
  so what ? 
  i do n't rant and call anyone who is not like me a commie , while keeping communist official as advisor . 
  money ? 
  can you please explain i logical way how is that related to crime rate ?
