well once you make your mind mr. gb if you want to stay or you want to go , if you choose to stay , start building your influence . 
  it is hard to treat you serious if no one knows if you really want to be in eu in the first place . 
  we are sometimes lead to believe that you treat rest of countries as necessary evil , and isolate yourself . 
  i meant that he made it very clear who is his real `` ally '' , and although he might not have executive power , he might inluence policy makers to oversee the arms deals . 
  well , if you take a look at current [ czech president ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/milo%c5%a1_zeman ) , i am not surprised he would be encouraging such practices, 
  ok so you 're that kind of guy , end of story then , too bad i wasted all that time, 
  if you are not interested in crimea coverage , i 'd start with [ donetsk takeover ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wetleab1xmy&amp;list=plw613m86o5o5zqf6wjr8zuc7uwyv76h7r&amp;index=74 ) , you can check if this is kind of self proclamation you 'd support . 
  i think you should go and try vice news coverage of early days of this insurgency , and then comment on the matter . 
  well assuming that russian minority in donbass decided to self-proclaim their own state , i wonder what holds the turks from doing the same in koln ? 
  i do understand that you would be still supportive of such self determination . 
  learning turkish yet ? 
  uh lenin varoufakis on class war ... we 've been through that , trust someone with first hand experience and do n't go down this route . 
  look [ currently the total number of muslims in poland is estimated at around 31,000 , most of whom are sunni ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/islam_in_poland ) , and yet the country did not cease to exist . 
  we should keep our heads cool , panic and hysteria are never a good advisor . 
  otherwise i vote we make change -  uk will deport 800 000 polish and take out 12 000 migrants instead . 
  simple right ? 
  i do n't understand that hysteria surrounding the refugees in poland . 
  there is no real way of holding them here if they do n't want to . 
  but it has to be done our way , hysteric , xenophobic yelling causing disgust all around eu . 
  same to you, 
  i agree , we need a long term solution , but hysteria is not helping . 
  you are either retarded which excuses you , or under age which excuses you as well so rejoice i hold no grudge, 
  oh so you know me ? 
  i do n't think so , please if you have no idea about something at least do n't comment like a retard, 
  maybe they will , i say we should give them a fair chance , i really do n't get why go hysteric about it before anything happened , next year there will be 4,500 migrants assigned to poland , for comparison , there are 58 500 seats on national stadium in warsaw . 
  lets keep calm and see how this develops , in case of shitstorm seal the borders and then be radical . 
  uuu it seems that you are one of those right wing cowards , too afraid of muslims to accept them . 
  you did not see a single of them arrive on our land and yet you are hysteric , warrior nation my ass . 
  um no - you do , did n't you hear ? , it is best to be polish conservative in london , or chicago, 
  it says that `` we are sorry for polish pm short sighted politics , and after the elections situation will be much better '', 
  i like polish foreign minister views on that , we need to deal with situation at hand , if it is by quotas fine , but we also need to plunge the eu borders , and out there start making strict selections - take real refugees and turn economic migrants away . 
  at the same time we should be more engaged at refugee camps and at the root of the problem - in syria itself . 
  i also do n't really understand the outrage in poland , it seems my countrymen went into some sort of hysteria over 12 000 migrants in fucking 38 million ppl country . 
  yes , do it before arabs eat your kids !, 
  what sort of bullshit is that ? 
  do you thin after the elections we will quit eu ? 
  you are manipulating what is in the article to reflect your own views , if you are so afraid of islam go hide on north pole , you are obviously xenophobic and do n't deny that . 
  the article title is biased and misleading on purpose , the source mentions not a word about migrants from syria . 
  so am i supposed to sympathize with this family ? , the article made me feel just the opposite - `` refugees running from violent civil war are picky about their location '' i ca n't really make my mind about it , i am for helping refugees , but how can we help them if they do n't want to !? 
  our ` quota ' would be sent to poland , and run away to a richer country at first opportunity , and yet even in promised land of germany they are unhappy . 
  what am i supposed to feel about that ? 
  sure , would you leave your family in a war torn country ? 
  i 'd send them first if i had a chance, 
  especially given how arabs treat their women, 
  there are some significant differences between then and now 1 ) europe is smaller 2 ) population is extremely dense compared to us in 1880 3 ) many european nations developed extensive social care , as the opposite , folks on that boat were heading into vast nothingness , you can easily say that they laid the foundation of current us power with their own hard work . 
  4 ) not to forget , that huge migration almost wiped indigenous population, 
  we can and in fact we should , he is encouraging such behaviours , they are on the rise because of his politics . 
  why would local authorities change their minds over something that was in place for past 30 years ? 
  that was first `` rum '' i ever tried , damn this brings back memories :d, 
  damn you germans !, 
  you always have to do it do you ? 
  of all kinds of death , that 's the one i 'd choose , it has fantasy , romance and pleasure in it, 
  it is very similar then , the only power that president has is veto over parliament laws , this veto however can be overthrown with vote . 
  do n't worry , the current president is kaczynskis old minion , he already promised he will follow his great heritage bla bla . 
  also kaczynskis party is favored in polls for this years parliamentary elections ... 
  here it comes again, 
  i seriously doubt that ` some ' nukes are option here . 
  i fear in case nuclear warheads are used , it will be a ` all in ' . 
  then boom !, 
  and suddenly everybody looses , even putin . 
  most useful post evet !, 
  i can go on vacations safely knowing i 'll never get thirsty . 
  i seriously doubt it , in addition as far as i remember it is 2000 over 2 years or so keep calm we are all but migrants wonderland . 
  one has to work to keep yourself afloat . 
  i can find absolutely no reason to hate greeks , them greek politicians can piss me off tho . 
  picture is a satire on reception of immigrants by ( mostly ) our right wing opposing party . 
  truth is that once the immigrants land , majority will be much less hostile than it may appear . 
  it is far too few refugees to create any minority to speak of . 
  muslim or not the 'll just blend in . 
  it is well known that the [ separatists are firing from inhabited areas to draw return fire into them ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sdfawje53os ) . 
  i would n't be surprised this is the same case here . 
  imagine queen of federation , how awesome is that . 
  she could rotate with other monarchs we still have around . 
  did n't jesus cheat death ? 
  may not be enough space left for the brits tho / s, 
  the britain is like [ this . 
  ] ( http://reactiongifs.me/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/queen-elizabeth-double-middle-finger.gif ) they do seem to forget tho that they are an island , and greeks love them islands . 
  so my guess is , should greece collapse , who is going to get re-settled ? 
  if you are from denmark then i am a martian, 
  cry me a river, 
  well maybe it was not very appropriate , but certainly very funny ( for a german joke ), 
  if i was no such fan of czech/slovak beer i would downvote . 
  but we 're getting better , now booming with ` crafted ' beers . 
  instead get an upvote , for classic budweiser, 
  regardless on how things really work for state debt , people will stay people and will be subjeced to simple emotions . 
  i did not wanted to dabble into economy because i am by no means expert . 
  i wanted to point that by being more constuctive and polite greeks could work this out , even if it woud not appeal to the troika , it could be much easier for general populations of countries that lent them money to sympathize , and in turn make compromise easier to reach . 
  i love that thinking . 
  i will go to my bank where i have mortgage , i will tell them i can not make money because i spend money paying it , so i wo n't pay , and then i will ask them what their proposals are . 
  i do n't know about you but this seems pretty impudent to me . 
  not to mention that austerity is a nonsense if you 're not collecting [ taxes ] ( http://greece.greekreporter.com/2014/02/06/cash-registers-ghost-receipts-latest-greek-scam/ ) . 
   he 's lashing out on the only the only people who try to solve this fuck-up i 'm sorry do what !? 
  where is the solution ? 
  there is nothing now , crisis has deepened if anything . 
  the only notable thing syriza accomplished was pissing off everyone around eu , mostly germans , to the point where they ( syriza ) requested war reparations and called the troika proposals terrorism . 
  how is that supposed to accomplish anything ? 
  i understand you can disagree with troika propositions , but what actually happened is syriza even managed to insult general populations of the countries lending greece money with poor populism . 
  tl ; dr syriza has yet to show that they are anything more than talk, 
  witness meeeeeeee !, 
  i totally agree , just for the sake of adding a bit of mad max into the usually homogenous soup :p,
