  is this a sign of intelligence ? 
  i understand that you might want to stand up and fight the system on your own maidan , but this is a football game . 
  wit all that said i would like to point i am not justifying the police violence here . 
  do n't get me wrong , i of course agree that the violence should not be used , unless in response to another violence , my point simply being that provoking tense , armed , police does not speak good about the guy intelligence . 
  knowing such incidents , truth is usually somewhere in the middle . 
  situation was tense so it looks like policeman resorted to violence too quickly , but i can bet guy was no saint either . 
  i was writing about my homeland , that you kindly put on your list . 
  are you dense ? 
  how overthrowing an unwanted communist regime is considered a bad thing to you ? 
   `` to undertake systematic efforts to identify , capture and destroy vessels before they are used by traffickers in accordance with international law '' . 
  title is misleading , makes you think eu asks for help with blowing up boats full of people . 
  sure , skok affair , putting to prison for ivf , military intervention in ua , fierce anti-russian rhetoric , he is the same if not worse than komorowski . 
  i am just afraid that if he gets into power , he will ` veto everything ' because he can . 
  i really wish there was more liberal candidate with some real charisma and rhetoric skills , but we seem to be in shortage of those, 
  so why is this post here ? 
  neither you discuss what is in the topic , nor you have reason to criticize what was written here so far . 
  real problem is that the info wall that was erected between us does not show how ` average ' russians are thinking , they show stuff like ` night wolves '' with stalin flags , elderly people on crimea with red flags etc ( this mostly comes from rt and public channels ) . 
  so do n't be surprised you need to explain real feelings for stalinism form time to time . 
  very pretty and utopian , but what with cultural assimilation issues ? 
  poland is still too poor to make for a valid emigration destination , but the arab ghetto in aarhus i was in was not vey nice experience . 
  american cars are better , obesity is worst in eu, 
  if we split it will be bad for uk as well as eu . 
  ah , you 're right , so you are disappointed that poor people were let in your rich kids club , that is an excellent argument indeed . 
  very nice considering where uk got their living standards from . 
   stop analyzing why other free adults do n't want to join your 730 million + country with free movement from former communist countries , who are n't up to standard . 
  what 's the ` standard '  stop implying british people hate eastern europeans or pakistanis . 
  but we are not up to ` standard ', 
  happy independence day !, 
  we must never forget what is the cost of freedom . 
  i do n't think they have interest in this becoming their territory , more like `` argentina freedom fighters take falkland gov builings '' , and then : `` referendum shows 140 % support for joining motherland argentina '', 
  you watch out , when russia steps in , next referendum outcome might be a unpleasant surprise , they are really good at this . 
  i for one am happy that were not allowed in . 
  but you are also right , form media standpoint i am not sure why it was top news in polan . 
  this explains it , thank you !, 
  why speesart has pirate flag ? 
  you relize that size does matter right ? , i woulnd not like to point fingers to the world biggest hegemon being a centrilzed entity , how do you explain that ? . 
  in addition , i believe you are mistaking military progress wiht everything else , you must surely know that europe was a constant battleground and nationalistic paradise until some 25 years ago ? 
  and not even now wer are free of that shadow . 
  all in all , i agree only if your measure of progress is through rifled barrels and armor quality . 
  ask yourself : should we achieve this unity earlier , would we not be even more powerful ? 
  even more developed ? 
  this of course comes from youtube user who accidentally is from donetsk , also you can see ukrainian all over these soldiers ... first comment states `` do not downvote the vid as we must spread the word '' , then comments go `` bandera '' `` ss '' `` ukropy '' etc etc , you get the drill . 
  why down votes , its the truth , we do get shitload of germoney from eu , 
  i can see why, 
  um , you do know that beyond that 25 years we were socialist shithole , with no market economy ? 
  give it some time . 
  also since you seem to be the wise one around , maybe instead of just spitting at your own boots , fix the system ? 
  how can you write this when people starve and haz no money or works ? 
  state is dysfunctional , and we can not even can not !, 
  / s but seriously , i asked my colleague who is that kind of polan person , why he keeps complaining . 
  he got a new job and and earns two average salaries now , he could not answer . 
  vote no because otherwise evil homosexuals will , they will , um ... 
  they 'll get married !, 
  or even worse , they 'll want a ceremony !, 
  in church !, 
  that defies all that christianity stands for , you know that peace and tolerance and stuff , but them gays should know their place !, 
  you realize this is complete bullshit , yes ? 
  aw heli is an experiment without even the proper certifications to fly over sea , and no combat record at all , the black hawk export version is a pitiful thing compared to what marines would use , not to mention caracal is the biggest of them , and we seek to replace mi-8 . 
  last but not least , i am not willing to see our military to die because of crap helicopters , that was chosen because we had to keep 1000 factory workers happy . 
  proof or just random whining ? 
  because i read it was best of three . 
  ha , like anyone would have any doubts that poland as middle ground between nato core and russian federation , in case of all out war would be a first nuke target , as you need roads and bridges here to travel either way . 
  btw , russia threatens with nukes , um again ... 
  i think they are after kim dzong il record or something . 
  you see , problem with russia these days is none of their neighbors seem to know where their border is . 
  also how do you imagine you can make a situation worse ? 
  there were 3 attempts to stop the conflict , and third one fell before it started under debaltseve, 
  he does , you do n't . 
  you post a biased and oversimplified to the point of pain piece of opinion , and tell people to get a job , ridiculous, 
  of course , it violates russian exclusive permission to send troops to ua . 
  if you miss it / r/worldpolitics will bring you all good memories back , as the do n't do anything else , 
  no , it is because his politics , propaganda , his image and all he does is aimed either at russians raised under ussr , who are a bit brainwashed to this day , and young russians who know no other president for their entire life . 
  there is a generation young men there who knew no one else . 
  how they are supposed no to support him ? 
  after all he is the president , fighting evil west and fascist kiev . 
  you realize that current russian economical position is his fault ? 
  not even because of war and sanctions , but because he completely failed at reforming anything ? 
  this is why they are the biggest country in the world and depend on import for all things except oil , gas and weapons , does this make a good politician to you ? 
  do n't get me wrong man , i am not , and never was russophobe , i was all for putin when he was fighting oligarchy and giving russians that little pride back , they needed to get off their knees , but at some point i think he lost it , he became a part of the system he was fighting . 
  you earned your 200 dollars man , but you guys could try to change it a bit as this is the same thing repeated for over a year now , it 's getting boring . 
  getting a bit emotional , did i touch your rusophilia too hard ? 
  i really do n't get people like you who remotely have no idea why putin is having such high support , simply because you never were a part of soviet union , or lived our little orwell paradise . 
  i can honestly say , that as much as i find the zero tolerance policy appealing , i could not rest easy knowing that i am shipping these people back i.e. 
  syria , where they die . 
  a bad politician , mind that to be popular you need to represent something more of a value than self-interest . 
  oh he is suddenly so nice and soft , and in the mentime tanks are rolling . 
  i hate russian way of making politics , i thought us style was decietful but this is just disgusting . 
  you smile and talk softly to one dude while kicking another ... 
  some time ago i developed a convinction that putin does nothing without a purpose , and this purpose is puting being at power , hence i do not belive this dude can say anything honestly , evertyhing will serve some other purpose . 
  it is chlidish to assume that rf wuld suddenly make a generous decision to pay for gas transfers up front , if the deal did not have second more ` political ' side , not to mention their financial condition is far from good now . 
  you go to non-gay mars uh ? 
  i think cuba slipped out of his hands , it will now bath in us dollars from tourist and exports , i doubt they would want to train guerilla warfare any time soon . 
  lifitng embargos on cuba and iran are the best moves i 've seen from us since a long time . 
  i do n't see how is this comment related to mine , or to the article ? 
  i think the previous ruling party in ua is still in the parliament , doing ok , so do the communists . 
  eu anger is where it should be what murders ? 
  this is one murder , or you plan more ? 
  i wonder if the right-wing groups that may be responsible if this was a political thing realize that they do more harm than good to the country ? 
  they must understand that it is hard to beat putin at his own game , and this is preciesly the news he needs . 
  this of course is purely my own speculation and humble opinion .
