ok . we 're having a misunderstanding here . 
  a large part of russia is in the area that technical definition of continental europe bounds . 
  the `` european continent '' . 
  moscow and st. petersburg are certainly not in asia , after all . 
  as i said in another comment , 40 % of `` europe '' is in european russia . 
  but , i propose we look at things a little differently . 
  dividing eurasia into into two continents does n't really make sense from a geographical perspective in the first place , does it ? 
  it 's all one continent . 
  nowadays we draw the line on a river and call it good . 
  so why do we do it ? 
  cultural boundaries , of course . 
  now , if you have n't traveled to heavily russian-influenced ( i 'm thinking of ukraine ) areas of europe , i would encourage you to , you will hear a lot about this struggle between `` europe and russia '' , or `` the west and russia '' . 
  in order for this struggle to exist , we need something to oppose europe , right ? 
  and what is that thing ? 
  therefore , i do not take russia to be european . 
  they are in their own cultural space . 
  after all , what do you call all the russians living in siberia , and who have been for hundreds of years ? 
  asians ? 
  absolutely not . 
  europeans ? 
  maybe closer , but ultimately i would argue that they are neither . 
  they are russians . 
  so really , our whole dispute is over the technicality of where we draw the line as to what is really `` europe '' , culturally , geographically , or otherwise . 
  sorry for the long response . 
  wait , this is n't governmental spending . 
  this is total expenditure . 
  all this means is that our doctors are paid waaaay more . 
  which sucks . 
  except if you 're a doctor . 
  european is * definitely * a culture . 
  and so is north american . 
  this is not to say that every european or north american has exactly the same culture , but by and large there are many more cultural similarities between european countries than there is between europe and north america , and vice-versa . 
  he meant the caucus mountains . 
  you 're clearly not aware of the radical cultural changes which take place as you exit europe and move into russia . 
  spend some time in some heavily russian-influenced places , like ukraine , belarus , and of course , russia , and you 'll see what i mean . 
  that may be , i have n't been, 
  sure , got its tip in the european continent , but anybody who refers to kazakstan as european is being absurdly ignorant . 
  it 's a different type of heterogeneousness , though . 
  when an american travels abroad , you might hear them say `` wow , europe is so diverse !, 
  you can take the train for an hour an be in a totally different cultural zone ! '', 
  but really , the us is much more diverse in different ways . 
  for example , many parts of the bay area are vietnamese , philippino , chinese , ect . 
  you can go into the districts and really feel like you 're in that country , it 's the only language you 'll see written or hear spoken . 
  i like to call it `` pocketed diversity '' . 
  you can go from east to west coast in the usa and see a hell of a lot less change than going from lisbon to warsaw . 
  but europe lacks this pocketed diversity , and is only starting to get it in large cities like berlin . 
  this is true , but bulgaria/slovakia/ect are definitely * not * part of `` european russia '' . 
  they are definitely more culturally european than they are russian , the past 20 years of reintegration have crushed that element . 
  in terms of being `` culturally european '' . 
  every russian i have met laughs at this prospect . 
  moscow is decidedly * not * a european city . 
  it 's a russian city . 
  petersburg is closer , but still , a hundred years of isolation from the west is no laughing matter . 
  it 's a matter of common culture . 
  i mostly hear people say that the usa is bigger than the * european union * . 
  which is true . 
  the usa is ~ 8,000,000 km ^ 2 , and the eu is ~ 4,500,000 . 
  europe , including `` european russia '' is around 10,000,000 , but the european part of russia is hardly ever really considered part of europe and makes up ~ 40 % of its total area , so when really talking about `` europe '' , we can say it 's around 6,500,000 km ^ 2 . 
  i concur  i found pirin national park amazing , and i live in the alps . 
  i always assumed it was because the german ( most common ) name is `` die schweiz '' and so they for some reason used the `` ch '' . 
  ok well writing that out now that does n't actually make much sense lol, 
  yeah , apparently they like you guys down there . 
  props for being a good example of a nation state !, 
  tolerance , yes . 
  respect , no . 
  what are you talking about dude ? 
  he has the power to legitimize children !, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/president_of_austria#responsibilities on a serious note , though , he does have the power to dissolve the national council ( `` auf vorschalg der bundesregierung '' ) . 
  yeah , that makes absolutely no sense . 
  it would just create a huge amount of instability , with a ton of displaced russians . 
  germany and other western countries are some of the only ones that will give syrians any sort of work permits . 
  lebanon , turkey , jordan -- all of these countries provide places to live and food , but it feels awful for most people to just sit and stagnate for years , which is really what they 're forced to to . 
  therefore they choose to come to west , where whey can work ( eventually , if they are granted asylum ) , their children can go to school , and they are n't stuck in a camp until syria becomes a place they return to . 
  and that day probably is n't for 10 + years at this point . 
  edit : so it 's more about giving them lives that are n't sitting around for years , yes . 
  i met a finnish guy once who kept saying this . 
  i was skeptical at first ( i always thought he was from the north pole ) , but after about the 30th time i conceded . 
  ( usa ), 
  that 's not what i 'm saying at all . 
  i 'm saying that 's how the current system is setup . 
  military cooperation between eu members outside of nato has been pitifully small . ', 
  join military operations are how armies learn to fight together . 
  these have been either non-existent or few and far between , if i 'm correct . 
  well russia only had a very small number of troops in eastern ukraine and they only participated in a few key battles . 
  and they kicked ass in those battles . 
  but eu countries have no idea how to work together . 
  russia 's army will function as a single unit , but outside of nato europe 's armies are very hard to mesh together . 
  they can make educated guesses with  50 % accuracy , but nobody can make a 100 % claim . 
  yes i 'm sure he would be floored to rule great slovenia . 
  that was his master plan when he married his fourth wife . 
  but seriously , yes , you can have him . 
  what i find really weird is he was one of 23 syrian asylum seekers to be denied ... out if * 100,000 + * . 
  he was stupid enough to register in bulgaria , so he was clearly not sent by isis -- he must have joined them after . 
  anyway , sounds like a very mentally unstable person , it 's so sad that isis can take advantage of these people . 
  i was taking about a separate report , not the stuff in the video . 
  also , schei\u00df t\u00fcrken you should translate as `` fucking turks '' , shit is n't really an adjective in that context . 
  i mean , the other reports were from `` reliable '' eye-witnesses as well . 
  and yes , i totally trust the police report . 
  no no no the allahu akbar part . 
  i do n't trust any `` eyewitness accounts '' at this point .
