according to wikipedia abortions are allowed under the following circumstances :  when the woman 's life or health is endangered by the continuation of pregnancy ,  when the pregnancy is a result of a criminal act , or  when the fetus is seriously malformed in ireland these are all banned , apart from risk to a woman 's life . 
  it can always be made more restrictive . 
   another issue are teens who 've already started their sex lives but are too ashamed to buy condoms , talk with their parents about getting a prescription for the v-ring or the normal contraceptive pill . 
  sounds like it might be a good idea to work on these issues then ? 
  maybe improve sex education , you could even toss out condoms to teenagers in schools and avoid any stigma from buying them , rather than making it even more difficult for people . 
   the question is ... should it be prescription free or not ? 
  it 's a contraceptive , just like a condom , so either they 're both prescription free or they both need a prescription . 
  and the title is fine , unless poland is n't banning prescription-free emergency contraception . 
  yeah , sinn f\u00e9in would definitely have expected to do better than they did . 
  although i am incredibly surprised by how well fianna f\u00e1il are doing , i guess irish people have short memories . 
   so the lib dem situation was more about perception than reality really . 
  i feel labour suffer from the same thing . 
  labour got a referendum on gay marriage , and i doubt we would have gotten legislation for the x-case without them . 
  and unless sinn f\u00e9in do extraordinarily well labour are the only realistic way i see abortion being dealt within the next five years . 
  i also think that a fine gael and labour government is much preferable to something like fine gael and fianna f\u00e1il , but then i am giving my number 1 to labour so maybe i 'm biased . 
  i just hope labour can get maybe 10 seats ( if they 're lucky ) and are n't facing a lib dem style wipe out . 
  it 's pretty bizarre , especially considering it leads to situations where [ a clinically dead woman was kept on life support because she was pregnant ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/dec/26/ireland-court-rules-brain-dead-pregnant-womans-life-support-switched-off ) last year . 
  blaw-ha-na , the t is silent . 
  blah-thane-ah , i 'm not sure if that 's clear , but they basically just pronounce it as if it were an english word . 
  it was pretty neat being able to pick up words when they 're used , but the way they pronounce dol bl\u00e1thanna drove me a little crazy . 
  it 's also interesting that ireland 's support level is 80 % but the margin in the referendum was 62 % in favour to 38 % against . 
  seems like quite a large difference . 
  yeah , i do n't want to see eastern europe get carved up . 
  also , we 've had trouble with russian planes near our airspace and had to rely on the raf to escort them away . 
  i 'd much rather we had a common army to do that ourselves . 
   why would n't it ? 
  well i thought they did n't have any control or say in eu affairs . 
  that it was all a bunch of eurocrats in brussels dictating laws to them . 
  you say that like it makes it ok . 
  i 'd vote yes to an eu army in a heartbeat , though i 'm aware i 'm a minority . 
  i really hope we 'd join though , the last time russians sent planes near our airspace it was the british that escorted them away ... 
  you know that teaching children about lgbt people would probably be a once off talk right ? 
  and quite frankly , it would do a world of good to any child that happened to be lgbt . 
  seeing pictures like this really makes me think we need to do something similar here . 
  while the recent march in dublin was great , an event like this could achieve so much more . 
  well , the circumstances covered by this bill are , at least enough to warrant ireland being told off by the un for similar restrictions : [ members bluntly told the irish delegation we were in breach of international human rights by denying women who had been raped , who had a diagnosis of fatal foetal anomaly , and whose health was at risk access to abortion in ireland . 
  ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/news/social-affairs/abortion-laws-again-under-fire-from-un-human-rights-body-1.2678849 ), 
  when i first heard of this law i thought it was just a copy paste of the irish equivalent . 
  but that 's so much worse !, 
   they just need to find a legal way to do so the uk can agree to free movement with the eu . 
   as does the main opposition party . 
  they made the deal in the first place , of course they agree . 
  yeah , farage also seems to think ireland could be the next country to leave . 
  despite a poll showing only [ 9 % ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/four-out-of-five-irish-voters-say-uk-was-wrong-to-leave-eu-1.2712755 ) of voters would vote to do so . 
   they could n't go to germany or anywhere else so they came to the uk . 
  ireland and sweden never activated it . 
  they came her too , to such an extent that polish is the second most common language . 
  the mechanism you 're referring to was a choice , blame the government of the day for not using it . 
  i 'd totally go for a more centralised european government . 
  we had 14 years of fianna f\u00e1il government [ flouting warnings ] ( http://www.irishexaminer.com/ireland/mccreevy-warned-of-economic-danger-ahead-of-giveaway-budget-230644.html ) about our economy , and i 'd really rather we not return to that . 
  also , it 's not like we would n't have a say in this government . 
   in ireland complaining about irish huh , the british sure do assimilate quickly to irish culture !, 
   people want the eu to have less power , not more . 
  which people ? 
  i want the eu to have much more power than it currently has . 
  if the eu did have more power they could act in times of crises , instead of waiting around for two/three years as things get worse and everyone bitches at them to do something . 
   ireland is n't part of the schengen zone , just like the uk is n't . 
  this was to avoid border controls . 
  i 'm aware , but the issue is with the uk ending freedom of movement . 
  any eu citizen right now can get a flight to dublin and simply walk across the border into northern ireland . 
  if the uk are serious about maintaining control of who comes in , there has to be a check somewhere . 
   we wo n't allow a border to go up across our island . 
  the british government are the ones to decide this , they have full control . 
  if the uk says no to free movement of people from the eu , what can the eu realistically do ? 
  the uk is the one hardening the border . 
  especially if it is the environment portfolio , i really do n't want the uk interfering in that considering [ this ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2016/jun/03/eu-dilutes-proposal-halve-air-pollution-deaths-uk-lobbying ) is their attitude . 
  it depends . 
  if voters believe abortion will be limited to circumstances such as fatal foetal abnormalities and rape , then it should pass no problem . 
  but if voters believe there 'll be `` abortion on demand '' then it would really struggle . 
  this plays into the question of what will replace the 8th amendment . 
  the government could hold a referendum on simply altering it , or removing it from the constitution entirely . 
  the two main parties want to essentially ignore the issue , so they 'll do whatever is least likely to alienate people . 
  well , if that 's the deal the uk wants so badly , then yes ? 
  i certainly wo n't say no to some extra banks and financial services moving from london to dublin . 
  people seem to love using lisbon as a stick to the beat the eu with , it lost the first time because of an abysmal campaign by the yes side and sheer dishonesty from the no side . 
  i voted yes to lisbon twice . 
  i remember some of the shit the no side was spewing . 
  telling us we 'd lose a commissioner , [ when voting no was more likely to make that happen ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/news/ireland-may-lose-eu-commissioner-1.906489 ) . 
  they said we 'd have abortion forced on us and we 'd be conscripted to an eu army . 
  and the thing i found most annoying was the phrase `` do n't know , vote no '' , which sinn f\u00e9in has put up all over the country . 
  if you genuinely do n't understand the issue and do n't have an opinion , then do n't vote . 
  the nerve !, 
  suggesting a democratic decision be adhered to as soon as possible . 
  [ not that far in the future !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sdr6_eeubdw ), 
   bill proposed by fine gael fine gael would never do such a thing in a million years . 
  fianna f\u00e1il and labour likewise would n't touch it . 
  there simply is n't the political will for a vote on this . 
   there would be no issue passing a bill mandating an in-out referendum in the parliament . 
  sinn f\u00e9in and aaa-pbp have 29 seats between them , where are you gon na get the other 50 to pass a bill like that ? 
  nevermind the seanad . 
   the feasibility of irexit completely depends on how great/shit a deal the uk get now . 
  if the 5th largest economy in the world has shit itself to the degree we 've seen so far , how do you honestly think we 'd do ? 
  yeah , we speak english too !, 
  ( sorta , at least ), 
  a german mep is talking about stripping the british commissioner of his portfolio : [ there were early warnings of difficulties ahead . 
  the german mep elmar brok , who chairs the european parliament 's committee on foreign affairs , told the guardian the parliament would call on juncker to strip the british commissioner , jonathan hill , of the financial services brief with immediate effect and turn him into a `` commissioner without portfolio '' . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/jun/24/europe-plunged-crisis-britain-votes-leave-eu-european-union ) i have no idea if they even have the power to do this , or would act on them , but the next few days are gon na be pretty interesting regardless . 
   this is a meaningless threat it 's not a threat , it 's a simple acknowledgement of what a leave vote entails . 
  you ca n't have your cake and eat it too , it 's remain or leave .
