  and guess what ? 
  it 's french . 
  edit : google may survive without afp , but french press wo n't collapse because of their retreat . 
  i do n't know a single person who does n't get angry at queue-jumpers , except utter assholes who do the same . 
  every year , the front national have a special memory day for the french knight who removed the foreigners from france . 
  otherwise , not much . 
  we also poke at the belgians for being simple-minded . 
  why do belgians sleep with an empty glass and a full one ? 
  one if they 're thirsty , and one if they 're not . 
  are n't italy the guys who keep changing sides ? 
  they never surrender . 
  just backstab the former allies . 
  my family 's `` winter residence '' is near a military airport . 
  we got it for cheaper than usual ... that 's because it 's hard to sleep with a sonic boom at 8am . 
  makes a great alarm clock though, 
  there 's no such thing as netherlands . 
  maybe you mean holland ? 
  and to be fair , they softened a lot since last elections . 
  2012 : we had jean-marie le pen . 
  who was notorious for accusing the former president to be on the payroll of jewish societies . 
  or advising to isolate every sero-positive individuals . 
  and he made a couple statements about the holocaust ^ ^ denial . 
  now , we have his daughter , marine , who , for now , has n't screwed up with racist/anti-semitic statements . 
  this does n't apply . 
  france and uk have a bigger population than benelux/austria . 
  they are currently converting to html5 , like youtube ... still in beta though . 
  however , do n't forget that politicians can have multiple jobs at once . 
  it 's not uncommon in france to have someone who 's mayor , deputy and minister . 
  what about problems with potato ? 
  with a bit of brainstorming : ilie nastae , nadia comaneci, 
  is quite famous ... in france . 
  tbh , savickas was the only guy i knew in your list . 
  jump over the gate . 
  or sneak in after someone . 
  free as well . 
  that 's because other countries can afford servers for their own websites . 
   france - driving on the highway is quite expensive ( coming from germany where it 's free ) france was ranked between 1 ^ st and 4 ^ th ( depending of the studies ) on road quality fun fact . 
  romania was third to last . 
  better than haiti and moldova though . 
  well , we can stick with a single voice . 
  i know that it 's always the same guy who dub stallone . 
  since the beginning of his career . 
  i think it 's the same for freeman ( morgan , not gordon . ), 
  pommes = fries ? 
  wot ? 
  pomme de terre ( literally ground apple/soil apple ) = potato frites = fries . 
  page . 
  thanks palin . 
  my bad . 
  was rather thinking of the incas and mayans , which are still included in south ` murica, 
  try to pull a cart through a mountain or a rope bridge , will ya ? 
  why would you use a wheel in mountains , when you have slaves and animals to carry stuff ? 
  wo n't beat the time where they took a `` propaganda '' poster made by the us . 
  the poster was made for team fortress 2 , in an update that opposed the blu team soldier ( ` murican military ) to a red team enemy . 
  also , garlic makes everything taste better . 
  fuck you if you think otherwise . 
  it seems that `` ville '' is also a quite isolated word . 
  most of the romance languages used the latin word * civitas * as a root , that led to * city * , * ciudad * ( spanish ) , * citate * ( romanian ) , * citta * ( italian ) . 
  the french word comes from the latin * villa * , which was either a farm , or a country-side house . 
  or on the other hand , saying `` bonne journ\u00e9e '' for hello . 
  it 's also the case in france ... look where we 're at . 
  basically , hollande has promised a lot of stuff , but has done absolutely nothing , except being a decent figure-head during the terrorist attacks , which is why he is n't that low . 
  he used to poll at 13 % public opinion for a while . 
  in france , if you exit by the front entrance , you tend to say it . 
  either that or have a good day, 
  we had 15 \u00b0 c in paris today . 
  one week away from christmas . 
  did n't even need a sweater . 
  walked around in a shirt , one week away from christmas . 
  wacky weather indeed . 
  the problem is that in those 50 % , how many are fn ? 
  i 'm pretty sure that most people supporting fn actually voted for them . 
  while people who did n't vote would otherwise vote for a less radical party . 
  the 2002 election was completely different . 
  the problem was that the right and left votes were a lot more scattered than usual , while the fn kept all their votes on one guy . 
  when it came to the second turn , there was a huge landslide against the fn , and they basically got the same amount of voters as for the first turn . 
   guys form a religious affairs thing like turkey from france : we ca n't . 
  the constitution does a separation of church and state . 
  here , church stands for all kinds of religions . 
  so the government ca n't take part in religious decisions ( ok , small exception when it comes to alsace . ), 
  look at this american , think he knows more about the us than someone who 's never been there . 
  yeah . 
  but if you break your leg , you are n't bankrupt . 
  who seem to be more present than france though . 
  outside of / r/france , i do n't see much frenchmen on reddit . 
  we use a lot more of french websites . 
  we also have luffy in street fighter 4 , who won the evo 2014 tournament . 
  also a few other player . 
  myrmidons got eliminated from the smite pl though . 
  and why that ? 
  they require as much team coordination than `` real '' sports , require huge amounts of training , are organized into leagues and championships , are able to muster sponsors to fund their tournaments . 
  i 'm getting a lille bit angry at all those puns . 
  but good music does n't require lyrics to be understood . 
  a catchy tune and a good clip can do a lot of good work . 
  that 's why gangnam style has 2 billion views , even though there are n't 2b people speaking korean . 
  to be a bit more relevant to the topic , that how the older eurovision worked . 
  people would sing in their language , and the rest of europe would vote , even if they did n't understand . 
  levi strauss used denim for tents , before noticing that worker 's pants would get wrecked very quickly . 
  he used the very sturdy denim to make pants , and sold them as jeans . 
  the blue dye came from genoa , but the fabric was made in n\u00eemes .
