  that 's hardly a random number , seems pretty specific to me, 
  would all mutants be forced to live in that country ? 
  could non-mutants choose to live in that country ? 
  what if my mutant ability is to sneeze without blinking , am i forced to move away from my birth country ? 
  i did n't see this happen myself , but i must have been seriously close to this dude while this happened, 
  while i do n't doubt some people may piss in the cups , it 's unlikely that was the case , there are plenty of toilets ( although it can take a little getting to them ) and people will just piss against the bar or some other place instead of a cup , there 's no real discreet way to do that with everyone jumping around you, 
  also the weather and mood were great so throwing beer is all good fun, 
  yeah if you use sound that gets flagged by the content id system the actual copyright holders get to decide whether it 's viewable on mobile and there 's nothing the uploader can do, 
  i know what op is talking about , though maybe it 's not quite as pervasive as op is describing it to be, 
  honestly , i 've never noticed it as being something out of the ordinary ( which makes sense since it seems to be ordinary here ), 
  i guess it 's cause we like water and boats ? 
  except for the fucking cans that for some unknown reason do n't stack properly, 
  they 're probably a type of credit , used to pay for things at the club ( or some other place ) , think of them as coins, 
  they 're common at festivals so people at bars do n't have to bother with having to give change , they are made to snap in half so things can just cost a multiple of half a ` coin ', 
  seeing as you said you found them in amsterdam , [ search for consumptiemunt in google image search ] ( https://www.google.nl/search?q=consumptiemunten&amp;tbm=isch ) , i would n't really know what to call them in english, 
  if you want 4 you take them from the top you greedy bastard, 
  should not be or do n't have to be ? 
  my parents like putting their eggs in the fridge when it 's really hot out , i personally do n't see the point but figure it could n't hurt, 
  cool , thanks for the quick reply !, 
  it 's just a video , really, 
  this is the actual file : https://cdn.mediacru.sh/bldznmrf7xfw.webm, 
  of course , as video is `` the recording , reproducing , or broadcasting of moving visual images . 
  '' ^ [ 1 ] a gif is a video as well , just one whose container format does n't support an audio track, 
  [ video ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/video ) - from wikipedia . 
  retrieved 24 august 2014 . 
  i do n't know if there 's any trick to not blacking out , but i can tell you that apparently when you drink so much you ca n't remember what happened it 's not that you lost those memories , but they never properly formed in the first place ^ [ citation ^ needed ], 
  it 's just something i read somewhere ( probably reddit ) that i thought was interesting, 
  yeah sure , we used to have this exact mic in one of our cars, 
  you can just buy these sets , hook it up to wherever it needs to be hooked up to and hide the wire behind the interior, 
  the reason they 're not synchronized is because the rotating images did n't start all at once ( since you did n't click them all at once ), 
  if you reload the page they should be synchronized, 
   florida fish & wildlife *** conversation *** officer set up video surveillance after he went to investigate a tip of someone killing tortoises in a wooded area after several shells were found . 
  i agree he said nothing wrong and did n't refer to 4chan as a person directly , but she said :, 
   do we even know ? 
  who is this ' 4chan ' [ pause ] person or website ? 
  he had a great opportunity to explain to her that 4chan is a website , and either chose not to for some reason , or was ignorant himself, 
  yup , where ` sweet ' is the endearing kind of sweet , not the sugary kind , of course, 
  actually lul means dick in dutch ( you can use it to refer to a penis or to call someone a dick , so the translation works very well ), 
  so `` for the lulz '' is kinda like saying `` for the dickz '', 
  this only works in writing though , it does n't sound very similar, 
  ah , true enough, 
  actually this marketing campaign with the glass bottles requires you ordering them online , but you can choose your own name ( from a whitelist ) so even people with uncommon names can typically get their name, 
  and before someone accuses me of working for coca cola , i do n't , but i do work for a company involved with this campaign so that 's how i know, 
  sounds cool , but i ca n't seem to open the mhtml file it creates . 
  whenever i try to open it ( i believe ie is set as the default program ) it briefly flashes a window before closing again , chrome ca n't seem to make sense of it either . 
  any tips ? 
  edit : i 've managed to properly open it ( and not as plain xml ) in firefox by installing the [ mozilla archive format addon ] ( https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/mozilla-archive-format/ ) , which works for me since that 's the browser we tell people to use at work anyway . 
  could you expand on what that means ? 
  because i have no clue, 
  my reasoning exactly , i 'm not gon na keep something looking good by making it look shit , either i should n't have bought it in the first place , then , or just accept it 'll break, 
  haha , everyone has their own justifications for doing the things they do , i 'm not saying people should n't use cases or buy certain phones if they do, 
  but i like to keep nice looking things just that : nice looking . 
  if i 'm gon na make it look shit it was n't worth buying something nice looking in the first place , no matter how immaculate it might look underneath its covers , i 'm not gon na see it anyway . 
  i want to enjoy all aspects of the device , that includes its looks . 
  technically , when you lose your car keys you always lose them in space, 
  and you can still find them a lot of the time, 
  i 'm guessing it has to do with localisations , the size of the text was probably chosen for a message in a different language , and this one happened to not fit very well . 
  on the other hand , english is common enough that a message like this should have been checked, 
  what 's more annoying to me , however , is that they did n't go with word wrapping to solve this, 
  it sort of makes sense though , if the picture was of your inverted screen , it would look like a normal screen when viewing it while inverted, 
  now that would be weird, 
  i guess i 'm starting to forget fishman island already because i 'm not sure what you 're referring to , could you elaborate ? 
  thanks , could n't have asked for a better answer !, 
  man , great collection !, 
  i saved 3 of them , and had about 10 of them already saved . 
  quite liked the rest but i 'm very picky , so these numbers are actually really high for an album of 150 !, 
  i do n't believe the oxygen is in its gas phase when travelling throughout the body , it 's bound to the red blood cell . 
  i 'm no biologist , so someone please correct me if i 'm wrong, 
  always be at least one level of recursion ahead of the others, 
  is that a facebook reply to a tweet on tumblr ? 
  an explicit conversion like this is known as * casting *, 
  for more information , see http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ms173105.aspx, 
  gardens are typically meant for living things, 
  hey there , i 've got a 2012 nexus 7 and i 've managed to get your app to crash a couple times now, 
  it loaded perfectly well at first , but as a developer myself i know how annoying debugging can be when things actually go well , so i figured i 'd load it up a couple of times to see if maybe it just happens occasionally, 
  and on the fifth try it did crash !, 
  and the sixth , and the seventh . . 
  see , it does n't crash after loading the splash screen itself , it crashes after i close the advertising ( which did n't appear the first four times i loaded the app , but has appeared the next ~ 4 times , and it crashed every time i closed the advertisement ), 
  i 'm not an android developer , so i do n't know what a logcat is , but i got you a screenshot of the stacktrace : http://i.imgur.com/unzcr4x.png ( this is all of it , it did n't scroll any further ), 
  hope this helps , i 'd be willing to provide additional logs or info tomorrow , but i 'm about to go to bed now, 
  edit : oh , and this is on android 5.0, 
  actually , i 've never had an amazon ad ( probably has to do with the fact that amazon does n't operate in my country , the netherlands ), 
  i have had it crash with admob ads , and also with google 's own ads ( [ these ones ] ( http://i.imgur.com/3qe7ek6.png ) ), 
  so as far as ads goes , it does n't seem to matter who 's providing the ads , or at the very least it 's not limited to admob ads, 
  that can be true , but i do n't believe it 's a large issue over here , if it even is an issue, 
  i do n't personally know anyone whose employer or colleagues would frown upon them taking a day off, 
  what 's the backstory on this picture ? 
  i 've seen the movie , but have n't read the comics . 
  is this rorschach at the end ? 
  gotcha , thanks !, 
  that sounds like a good idea , i 've added it to my to-do list ( like , i literally wrote it on there , i wo n't forget ), 
  is n't hpmor 's explanation that we simply project intelligence onto them by having expectations of their behaviour , or something along those lines ? 
  if that 's the case they 're not sentient but simply a force of nature , i 'd say it 's not just morally acceptable but commendable to destroy these things which only cause fear and eat souls, 
  if that 's not the case , i 'd suggest making a deal in which they do n't hurt anyone ( since destruction and isolation do n't seem very nice , and they ca n't help their nature ) . 
  i do n't know if they 'd ever agree to such a deal since canon does n't give us too much to go on here, 
  really ? 
  i got some for $ 1.42 / l just this week, 
  which means `` you have to learn it on an old bike '' in dutch , referring to being taught by those more experienced . 
  it 's usually used in a sexual sense , but very lighthearted, 
  you did , there 's quite a few youtubers in the video,
