  that is the smallest tub i have ever seen, 
  really , you can use any programming language you want for your back end , at the end of the day all it has to do is send the correct text to the client ( the browser ) in the form of html and such and optionally the right headers to help the browser with some stuff but most of that is done automatically by the web server ( e.g. 
  now some languages are a lot better at this than others and some are specifically designed for this purpose . 
  php , for example , is a very easy language to use for this purpose but you could use other languages as long as you can get them to communicate with the web server, 
  also note that php does n't have to be used for webpages , you could write all kinds of software with it ( for example , using php scripts from the command line ), 
  true , but they could never sue him for it as that would mean confessing about the stashes in the first place . 
  i know superman is about being ethical , but i 'm not sure how he usually acts when being ethical means breaking the law . 
  technically on land , so not sure if this qualifies as marine engineering : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/maeslantkering, 
  for everyone that wants more : / r/lasercleaningporn, 
  unless you use an extract , right ? 
  i 'd assume that negates any downsides custom sql might have, 
  what keyboard is that ? 
  did n't kaya get better on her own later on ? 
  i believe it was on a cover story , she 's also studying to become a doctor herself ( or already succeeded ? ), 
  i 'm sure it 's not just you , but personally , i love the relaxed quiet outros using the game 's ambient sound instead of this playing really loud at the end . 
  i typically lay back when watching youtube videos and i always felt like i had to rush to pause the video or lower the volume as soon as possible since this would just be so much louder than the rest . 
  it also really takes you out of the game if you 're watching a couple of episodes in a row, 
  if i 'm playing a game and that game uses 22 % of my cpu , that 's barely anything and i 'd consider it fairly low . 
  however if simple background processes randomly take up 22 % for no apparent reason , that would be quite a lot, 
  because while you 'll hardly ever have multiple heavy foreground processes running , there can be a ton of background processes running at any one time , if only a few of them act up like this one does , then that could be enough to cause a serious performance impact on your pc . 
  nevermind the fact that on a quadcore cpu , 22 % could mean nearly 100 % of a single core , if that happened to be the core that 's also running some foreground process you 're using , it could definitely cause performance issues, 
  that 's true , if it 's only momentarily then that would n't be much of an issue , i did kind of forget about the fact that it was a spike, 
  i wonder what would happen if i bought a game in advance like this , but my friend buys the game himself before mine gets delivered . 
  does he get a second copy , is my gift returned to me , is the gift cancelled and is my credit returned to me ? 
  wow , my brain was really confused about how it went from black to red without me noticing for a solid 15 loops or so until i realized it goes around twice , with both a red ball hanging from a black ` string ' and a black ball hanging from a red ` string ', 
  pro tip : use , and . 
  while having the video paused to go through it frame by frame . 
  it 's easier to remember those keys as also being the keys for < and  for backwards and forwards , respectively, 
  i agree about the root password if ssh is gon na be disabled for root anyway . 
  but ( and i know you 're far from the only one ) why the hate for nano ? 
  a server like this is not gon na be something i develop and write any code on , i 'll use a nice ide for something like that . 
  typically whenever i need an editor in a shell i 'm only commenting out or adding some lines in a config file or checking some log file , and if i need to find something in a large file i 'll just grep it instead of using an editor . 
  i understand that plenty of people require more than a basic text editor , but that does n't make it inherently bad , does it ? 
  ah yeah , i guess i can understand the frustration there, 
   thanos has blasted galactus so hard he shot him like 200 feet ** and wrecked his helmet **, 
  is n't the physical form of galactus dependent on whoever is seeing him ? 
  is there really a helmet to break ? 
  yeah alright , that makes sense, 
  not to mention the fact that it seems to grow straight from his nose , how weird would that look when you 're just starting to grow it out ? 
  personally i nearly always maximize my windows , even though i 'm using two uhd monitors . 
  i know it 's not necessary to fit the content and i do snap my windows to split my screen in half or in quarters sometimes , but i prefer maximized windows since they 're less distracting, 
  in case anyone is wondering , this is art of the guild wars 2 dragon [ the shatterer ] ( https://wiki.guildwars2.com/wiki/the_shatterer ), 
  i have a similar issue where steam is putting serious sam hd : the second encounter at the top of my library when sorting by recent . 
  every . 
  single . 
  day . 
  it also always says i purchased it today . 
  i 'm fairly certain i do n't actually own the game , though, 
  that 's why you also get coins, 
  popup ads are the worst , i 'd much rather sit through a 15 second ad at the start than have something block part of the video when i 've already moved away from my mouse and keyboard, 
  is it on youtube or did she stream it somewhere ? 
  i tried looking for it but could n't find it, 
  thanks !, 
  any idea why five of the videos in that playlist are marked private , though ? 
  i do n't know man , i 'm pretty sure i was around 10 when i learned the first 150 pok\u00e9mon, 
  to be fair a lot of the time it 's used interchangeably in the netherlands as well , more so in holland itself than the rest of the country , but it 's still fairly common to refer to the country as holland elsewhere, 
  it 's hard to say , different people have different views on this and there 's no clear boundary where services end and microservices begin . 
  there are some which take the whole microservices thing to a more extreme level and say that a microservice should n't be more than a few hundred lines of code ( not counting libraries , i 'd assume ) . 
  but in the end lines of code is a pretty terrible metric for just about anything . 
  fixed it : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9n8ipxo6rks&amp;t=2m50s, 
  also kills is pretty useful when defending, 
  a buddy and i went to hamburg last year and we were thinking about going there , but even when you 're right there where you buy the tickets there 's almost no pictures or videos of what 's inside at all . 
  so we decided not to because there was just no way of telling whether it 'd be worth it or not and that seemed kinda suspicious to us . 
  i mean there really was n't right then and there , we were on holiday and did n't have any internet since roaming is expensive as fuck, 
  this is pretty much it , in the end , it 's always just a cost/benefit analysis . 
  does it cost more resources to continue to support it than it generates ? 
  or even if it does n't , could you more spend those same resources more efficiently or effectively on something else ? 
  actually , it seems like only the shots from inside the guitar have the rolling shutter effect , you can tell because the strings seem to vibrate and move in a pretty unnatural fashion . 
  also , those were probably made with a phone or some such since they 're easier to get in there . 
  yet all the outside shots simply seem to show the strings moving slowly , but not unnaturally , so that 's probably the result of a global shutter which simply runs at a lower framerate than the frequency of the strings , which makes sense as the string are probably going pretty fast . 
  i 'm not really an expert on cameras so i could be wrong, 
  why not just set the keyboard language to us international with dead keys ? 
  allows you to type '' + o to get \u00f6 and such . 
  the only tricky one then is \u00e5 , which is alt gr + w for some reason . 
  still easier than alt + 0229 though . 
  at my work , we mostly use mercurial ( i do n't know why , the decision was made before i worked there ) . 
  and i have to say i personally really like the `` history is immutable '' philosophy as it keeps things nice and simple and you will never lose any work , but potentially your revision history looks a little less pretty ( which is unimportant anyway in a 5 + year old repo of 10k + commits ) . 
  however git seems to be infinitely more popular and i 've never really understood why that is , do you have any opinions on this ? 
  my provider lets met disable voicemail , so i did . 
  i rarely make or get phone calls anyway , if people need me they can just send me a message . 
  man , i 'm really digging this, 
  although i like bonfire , the best part of this mashup to me is easily the gravity falls theme . 
  i think i would enjoy that part on its own almost as much as this mashup . 
  this version of the theme song sounds very similar ( maybe exactly the same ? ), 
  to the version in [ this mashup ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/mashups/comments/5tqx5e/mashup_of_childish_and_gravity_falls_theme/ddohf4q/ ) posted by / u/mapierce271 , does anyone know the origin ? 
  edit : nevermind , i seem to have found it https://soundcloud.com/kiddie-deedee-kidd-death/gravity-falls-theme-song-hip-hop-remix, 
  really nice , do you have the script for the one made in processing available anywhere ? 
  actual source is linked in that video 's description : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-s_sbzubp6c, 
  thanks !, 
  that saves me the trouble, 
  the network tab in the devtools contains a lot of information , some of it is hidden but all of these things should be available by default . 
  open your network tab, 
  check the box next to `` disable cache '' to make sure you redownload everything, 
  refresh the page, 
  click the `` font '' filter to only see results for font resources, 
  look at the bottom of the tab to see the total amount of data downloaded or at the sizes for the individual files, 
  do be aware that fonts loaded through data uris will not have any size associated with them , as their download happened by downloading whatever file they were in . 
  here , i made an image that highlights all the important parts : http://i.imgur.com/lr0hdhk.png, 
  / r/hmmm, 
  they could just chroma key the blue screen to make it green,
