  [ it was jimmy carr ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7c9gnnlyjua&amp;feature=player_detailpage#t=317 ), 
  also aladdin, 
  had the same issue and ops solution did n't work for me either , the drivers that were released earlier this week fixed the problem for me, 
  oh man , and then sometimes they get stuck in a twisted or otherwise weird position and it just feels so wrong, 
  i miss changing teeth, 
  it 's always had the opposite effect on me , i always felt bad for whoever got that because it makes it sound like it 's an afterthought, 
  `` we 've got x , y , z. . oh and we also have this guy '', 
  can you get to the batcave and back without using the fast travel system , then ? 
  i 've only played for about an hour or two ( on pc , so that bug should n't be an issue for me anyway ) so i 've only been to the batcave twice, 
  i assume they 'd all connect to different pipes , so it 's probably not an unnecessary amount, 
  so to add to this , it 's an entirely separate power from the one power and does not come from the true source, 
  yes , the one power comes from the true source , and is of course made up out of saidin and saidar, 
  oh wow that fits really well , is this confirmed ? 
  does that justify birgitte getting the memories of her old life back in tel ` aran ` rhiod ? 
  or is it normal for anyone in that place to have memories of all their rebirths ? 
  damn , those monitors look nice , is the bezel really as thin as it seems , or is there still a black edge inside of the screen ? 
  i guess that 's to be expected , still really nice looking monitors, 
  yes !, 
  i 've read about these before . 
  unfortunately this wo n't be ideal for a three monitor setup in portrait , but for two monitors ( or three in landscape ) this is awesome, 
  and with the oculus coming to satisfy my gaming needs , i likely wo n't get a third monitor anyway, 
  to be honest , it 's not hard being nice to people with down syndrome , they 're hilarious most of the time, 
  well that explains why the pride needed simba to come back and to take care of scar instead of just doing the job themselves, 
  another childhood mystery solved, 
  wow , i 'm still getting comments on this ? 
  honestly , it was n't a joke , just an observation, 
  i wanted to hear this , thanks for that, 
  are there any objections to having an elephant as a pet , provided the owner has the resources to care for one properly ? 
  the guy who made the video where the gif is from also uploaded the raw video of the wing and the isopropanol, 
  it 's not sped up so at just under 5 minutes might not be that interesting , but i thought i should mention it, 
  and do n't forget about [ mandrills ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/30/mandrill_at_singapore_zoo.jpg ), 
  they 've got blue in all the right places, 
  dutchman here that can pronounce the `` th '' sound, 
  i kind of place the tip of my tongue at the edge of my front ( upper ) teeth . 
  then while speaking your breath will push the tip away from your teeth so the air can escape , the more you try to keep the tip there the more `` explosive '' the eventual burst of air will be , and the more pronounced the `` th '' sound will be, 
  it 's a little tricky to explain it like this , so play around with this, 
  just keep in mind that it 's a sound made with your tongue and your teeth , not your bottom lip , so it should n't ever sound like an `` f '', 
  edit : maybe a simpler approach to describing it would be to say a `` t '' but instead of pressing the tip of your tongue to the roof of your mouth , press it to your teeth, 
  you know we 're * in * / r/artisanvideos right ? 
  i was almost going to suggest he goes there , before i checked the address bar, 
  out of curiosity , where do you live ? 
  because it 's illegal for tobacco companies to advertise where i live ( i thought this was a common thing ), 
  they 're real , as in , they 're a real comic, 
  i do n't know who makes them , though, 
  the fault there is n't in liking it , but doing it, 
  i watch a decent amount of let 's plays , but i definitely do n't watch some `` anonymous person '' as you put it . 
  most of the time i watch more for the people playing the game than i do for the game itself ( although the game definitely has to be fun as well ) . 
  as a result i feel like i know the person playing the game to some extent , i know their sense of humor ( i mostly watch the let 's plays for entertainment value , although i do get invested in the stories of the games ) their playstyle and personalities . 
  often someone is n't that entertaining on their own but they can be hilarious together ( i feel this is true for al lot of people involved with the yogscast ) . 
  of course if you mainly watch for the player 's personality , how do you start watching ? 
  for me it started with wow beta videos of totalbiscuit , quickly followed by the yogscast as tb did more reviewing than actual playing in his videos . 
  i just wanted to see the new content before it was out ( and seeing as wow is so big there was no risk of burning myself out on the game by seeing it all before it 's out ) . 
  at this point i found the yogscast guys to be fairly entertaining , and i was looking around for more of their stuff to see if it was any good . 
  unfortunately their wow stuff had a fairly large backlog and i did n't feel like dropping into the middle of it , so i started watching their minecraft series they had just started , and i was hooked from there . 
  i have watched playthroughs of games instead of playing games myself as well , for example jesse cox 's playthrough of beyond two souls . 
  i do n't own a ps3 and do n't plan on buying one but was interested in the game , and enjoy this particular person 's playstyle and commentary , so it was great watching him play the entire game . 
  often seeing these people have fun in a game makes me buy games as well ( often the case with co-op games ), 
  yeah i 've noticed that when comparing americans to the dutch , i live in a fairly protestant area of the netherlands , yet i hardly hear any religious people speaking about their own religion, 
  you can tell it 's a big deal to them , but they 're not talking about it a lot ( not to me , at least ), 
  i 'm not religious , in case anyone 's wondering, 
  is it her title , though ? 
  i 'm fairly certain it 's just her last name ( `` van oranje '' in dutch means `` of orange '' ), 
  maybe it 's also a title , though , you never know with nobles, 
  am dutch . 
  you just got me super confused as well . 
  can anyone elaborate on public schools that are private schools ? 
  it sounds a little contradictory, 
  i really like that factoid , but it 's not true , there are a lot of people out of sight, 
  even if you disregard resolution and clarity , a lot of people are inside buildings and approximately half of humanity is on the other half of the globe, 
  if i take a picture of a house , i ca n't just claim that the people inside are in my picture, 
  the one going on right now, 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's the other way around , you pull on the chains which moves the weights up and gravity will pull the weights down again, 
  as a dutch person who only read the english version , i 'm now very curious what they changed in the dutch versions, 
  yeah , i do n't know enough about pluto 's distance to the sun compared to ours to make guesses about its size , but at the very least should n't the surface of pluto be dimmer ? 
  then again , pluto 's atmosphere is n't like ours and might let more light through, 
  in case anyone is genuinely wondering why this is , the boxes are as deep as they are high , and the image wraps around, 
  one of them is simply rotated 45 \u00b0, 
  where does the cost come from ? 
  supply and demand ? 
  or is the process of making them actually that expensive ? 
   this is not true . 
  hair , nails and skin are composed of cells ** that are alive ** or were once alive . 
  hair cuts do n't hurt simply because the cells are dead . 
  emphasis is mine , here . 
  i 'm going to make another assumption , and say this occurs mostly in skin , not hair or nails ? 
  what live cells would you find in these places ? 
  simply the ones that have n't died off yet and are in the process of doing so , or are they actually still serving a function ? 
  it 's probably the novelty of it , as someone who does n't live in amsterdam i 've only met a handful of americans in this country, 
  i guess living in amsterdam it might still be fun , but i do n't have enough experience with tourists to comment on that, 
  do n't worry it 's strange to us as well , we just kinda roll with it, 
  in case it has n't been mentioned : fake nails, 
  i find them disgusting and the definition of the word tacky , and i mean each and every kind . 
  from the long weird claw ones to the fairly short `` normal '' looking ones . 
  yes , i realize there are some very expensive high quality ones out there , but they still look like shit to me . 
  at best they can look tolerable , and sometimes i do n't immediately notice they 're fake , but i still have n't ever seen a case where someone looked nicer because of it . 
  for anyone curious, 
  this is great , i was recently wondering about the movement of our sun , and if it orbits anything itself ( other than the sense in which our entire solar system orbits around the center of our galaxy ), 
  how do the other planets affect this orbit ? 
  seeing as they are n't lined up this illustration is probably oversimplified to describe a system containing only the sun and the earth ? 
  how is `` prefer not to say '' any different from `` yes '' in this instance ?
