  i mean , what would be the odds of that . . ), 
  but it is n't as if someone just randomly came here and claimed their partner had such an iq , because then the odds would indeed be .003 % that they randomly got it right, 
  seeing as there are 210,000 people out there with such an iq , there must be more than a few people out there whose partners have such an iq , and one of them decided to post on reddit about it, 
  i do n't see why reddit has to claim that this probably is n't true , because it 's rare , the fact that this is rare is sort of the point of op 's post , her boyfriend is in a significantly rare position , and she feels this might affect their relationship and thus came to seek out help, 
  of course instead of help she 's got people debating probability ( i 'm sorry , op ), 
  really ? 
  is that just a coincidence or were you aware of this before posting here ? 
  because if that is just a coincidence , that 's pretty cool, 
  also , i would love to have this image in full hd myself , so please do post it !, 
  well , i am willing to concede that op 's boyfriend probably does n't have an iq of 182 , i think you 'd need some very special tests to accurately measure such a high iq, 
  but if op 's story had been different ( e.g. 
  `` my boyfriend has an iq of 182 , it 's been verified by several psychologists using these methods '' ) i would 've believed it ( i 'm assuming she is n't lying , i 'm giving people the benefit of the doubt here ), 
  i still think it 's wrong to dismiss the chance just because it 's small , rare things happen , and given enough different people post enough posts on reddit it is likely that a true rare event gets posted here , but following your logic we should never assume it is true because it 's rare, 
  also , the chance that someone has an iq of 182 ( or higher , i guess ) is .003 % , the chance that someone who posts about someone having an iq of 182 is right is not .003 % ( unless they randomly picked a person from the entire population of earth ) , these are two different scenarios with different probabilities , i 'm not saying the chance that such a poster is right is 1 , but it is a lot higher than .003 %, 
  i do hope you 're not taking any of my posts as angry ranting or rambling ( i 'm definitely not angry ) , i 'm a bit bored and discussing this with you has been fun so far, 
  yeah i know you 're not dismissing it , that was a poor choice of words, 
  i do n't know , i feel as if we 're just starting to repeat ourselves , and we 're both not convincing each other, 
  i may very well be wrong ( i think there 's a large chance that this is the case , but i think there 's a larger chance i 'm right , hence me not changing my mind ) but even if that si the case i probably wo n't see that any time soon with these arguments, 
  it 's late ( somehow it 's always late when on reddit ) , so i 'll leave it at this, 
  nice , do n't spend too much time in the bath washing your balls though, 
  they 'll get all wrinkly, 
  i 've got a birthmark ( i think it 's a pws , i 'm not really aware of other types of red birthmarks ) on my right shoulder , it 's not as dark as yours though and a bit smaller , also i 'm not sure if there are gaps in it or if it 's multiple stains, 
  it was very tricky getting that angle right without looking, 
  i 've had people looking at it funny , once or twice someone has expressed concern about it ( as in , they thought my parents might be beating me ) but it 's in such a unnoticeable place that it 's never bothered me , i 'm quite fond of it really, 
  there have been amas by guys who can , apparently it feels more like giving than receiving, 
  i remember that movie , but it feels like it must be at least 15 years since i saw it, 
  it was so weird that i always thought i must 've imagined it , until this day i have never seen or heard it mentioned anywhere, 
  have an upvote , good sir, 
  here in holland 010 is often used to refer to the rotterdam area , i do n't know if he 's from holland though, 
  mostly yes , i would love to see what happens on earth ( and beyond ) in the following centuries or millennia, 
  but it all depends on the kind of immortality , i would n't want to live on floating through space once earth is gone , i 'd want to be able to die in some way at least, 
  i 've got one too that seems to be done by the same guy who did your 4th one, 
  [ check it out ] ( http://www3.picturepush.com/photo/a/6791066/img/6791066.jpg ), 
  what does this man have against his wife ? 
  but it * did * leave its tracks, 
  looks very interesting and i 'm very excited to try this out with my dual monitor setup, 
  which will probably have to wait until saturday :(, 
  i would love to pm you with suggestions or bug reports ( if i encounter any ), 
  is this something that you 'd appreciate or are you far too busy and would i just be bothering you ? 
  might a reply on this thread be better in that case ? 
  as a developer i do wonder how you made this as windows does n't offer the option of different wallpapers per monitor ( i have no idea what kind of apis and options there are available to applications ), 
  am i right in assuming that you basically just create a single image out of multiple wallpapers ( after cropping and resizing and such ) and span it across all the monitors ? 
  if that is the case i am a bit curious how this approach would work on monitors of different sizes, 
  in any case , very cool application ; have all my upvotes, 
  another upvote for you !, 
  and upvotes for all lefties i spot, 
  i have had the exact same picture that op posted resting on my hdd for ages now, 
  all that karma . . 
  came here to say that , just putting `` the '' in front of `` alterations '' would 've worked as well, 
  now you 're thinking with super-hydrophobic spray !, 
  i 'm dutch and i received sex ed in my second year of high school , i was 13-14 i guess, 
  although that was nearly 10 years ago so things may have changed, 
  edit : not the sex , i 'm sure that still works the same, 
  just sit down and bend forward so you can aim it down, 
  because it 's obviously a joke !, 
  it 's to show how facts can somehow make bill gates look like a nicer guy than steve jobs . 
  i mean , he ca n't really be such a good guy , right ? 
  right ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  the picture quality is great, 
  you 're right that the sound is the same , but like scaletta said you should leave the second `` y '' unspoken , while pronouncing the `` a '' the same way as in `` yay '', 
  how have you not heard about minecon ? 
  also how do you still think minecraft is being made by one person ? 
  the guy who started minecraft also started his own indie game studio named mojang ( seriously , that 's not ringing any bells ? ), 
  to celebrate the release of the game he organised a convention in las vegas, 
  most of them are working on other games though , i think mincecraft is being made by two people , maybe three, 
  when pronounced on its own this is true, 
  but there is definitely a subtle difference between `` j\u00e4germeister '' or `` yaygermeister '' ( try to put emphasis on that second `` y '' if the difference is n't clear to you ), 
   how have i not heard about minecon , are you serious ? 
  not very, 
  dm ; hs, 
  it does , it means forward, 
  as in , that button and the one next to it can be used to go back a page or go forward ( if you 've already gone back ), 
  if only . . 
  when you say you have been given the option to make money [ off ] your videos , you 're talking about the youtube partnership programme , right ? 
  if so , i had no idea that they offered this to people who have no videos and ( virtually ) no subscribers, 
  i 've never done any video editing or even uploading on youtube but if i knew that i could make money off of it ( i.e. 
  if i was a youtube partner ) i 'd be very inclined to take it up as a hobby, 
  could you perhaps link you youtube account so i could take a look for myself to see what makes it so special ? 
  but winter 2011 has n't started yet, 
  try took look ? 
  that 's not even a little okay, 
   death by hot chocolate would be an epic catchphrase on a tombstone, 
  i do n't know why but you referring to an epitaph as a `` catchphrase on a tombstone '' just made me laugh out loud, 
  i 'm glad you 're glad !, 
  honestly , though , i realise that might 've come across a bit patronising , but it really was n't !, 
  depends on the game , using your mouse for direction and just using wasd for forward/backward/strafe works fine, 
  and i have a shit ton of keys right next to those , and that number gets multiplied for every modifier key there is, 
  they do lack gradual speed increasing/decreasing , i 'll give you that, 
  [ here you go ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jyhajfi1rlg ), 
  eyes , probably, 
  really ? 
  that 's . . not very appropriate for a present, 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sting_\\ ( percussion \\ ) ), 
  i also just learned this after looking it up, 
  that leaves about a billion though , still a fair chance for a lot of people then, 
  so ... reddit ? 
  thank god for mutual intelligibility , anders had ik dit niet begrepen, 
  to be fair , aubergine is also the english word eggplant, 
  i 'm dutch , it 's no excuse !,
