the welfare states in northern european countries have not restricted prime-age employment there , while the euro crisis and macroeconomic problems it caused have increased unemployment and restricted gdp across the continent . 
  there is n't a contradiction . 
  read the last part :  severe financial crises and depressions can happen to economies that are fundamentally very strong , like the united states in 1929 . 
  the policy mistakes that created the euro crisis -- mainly creating a unified currency without the kind of banking and fiscal union that a single currency demands -- basically had nothing to do with the welfare state , one way or another . 
  and he 's clearly saying that the fundamentals of the northern european economies are strong , even though the euro is undermining that . 
  the article you linked to talks about fundamentals , while this one talks about the monetary failings of the euro . 
  in the article you link to he 's talking about the long-run performance of labour markets in europe , not the short-run macroeconomic problems . 
  [ krugman has been saying ] ( http://web.mit.edu/krugman/www/euro.html ) [ the euro was a bad idea ] ( http://web.mit.edu/krugman/www/euronote.html ) [ since the 1990s ] ( http://www.gaelgiraud.net/wp-content/uploads/2012/12/lessonsofmassachusettsforemu.pdf ) . 
  full article text because of paywall : the closest greece has come to leaving the eurozone was at around 6am on monday morning , just as dawn was breaking over brussels . 
  alexis tsipras of greece and angela merkel , the german chancellor , decided after 14 hours of anguished talks that they had reached a dead end . 
  with no room for compromise , neither saw any reason to carry on . 
  grexit was the only realistic option . 
  as the two leaders made for the door it was donald tusk , the president of the european council , who moved to prevent the fatigue and frustration from triggering a historic rupture for the eurozone . 
  `` sorry , but there is no way you are leaving this room , '' the former polish prime minister said . 
  the sticking point was the size and purpose of a privatisation fund to be backed by sequestered greek assets . 
  ms merkel wanted the $ 50bn of sales to be devoted to debt repayments ; mr tsipras saw that as a national humiliation that would cede control of assets worth almost a third of greek national income . 
  his alternative was a smaller fund , whose proceeds would be reinvested in greece . 
  a compromise was ultimately found after more than an hour discussing nearly a dozen different structures . 
  it was to be the coda to a weekend that featured one of the most exhausting and fraught negotiations in a seemingly interminable crisis that has provided the eu 's sternest test . 
  after almost nine hours of fruitless discussions on saturday , a majority of eurozone finance ministers had reached a stark conclusion : grexit -- the exit of greece from the eurozone -- may be the least worst option left . 
  michel sapin , the french finance minister , suggested they just `` get it all out and tell one another the truth '' to blow off steam . 
  many in the room seized the opportunity with relish . 
  the finnish finance minister lashed out at the greeks for being unable to reform for half a century , according to two participants . 
  as recriminations flew , euclid tsakalotos , the greek finance minister , was oddly subdued . 
  the wrangling culminated when wolfgang sch\u00e4uble , the german finance minister who has advocated a temporary grexit , told off mario draghi , european central bank chairman . 
  at one point , mr sch\u00e4uble , feeling he was being patronised , fumed at the ecb head that he was `` not an idiot '' . 
  the comment was one too many for eurogroup chairman jeroen dijsselbloem , who adjourned the meeting until the following morning . 
  failing to reach a full accord on saturday , the eurogroup handed the baton on sunday to the bloc 's heads of state to begin their own an all-night session . 
  as the hours passed and sunday turned to monday , the prospect of a grexit seemed to grow more probable , participants said , heightening divisions between sleep-deprived politicians and diplomats that have developed over six months of mostly frustrating negotiations . 
  a senior official in the room believed that germany was now the country that appeared to be acting in bad faith -- no longer the greek prime minister alexis tsipras . 
  at one point , mr tsipras had to endure a lecture from the slovenian prime minister , to which italian prime minister matteo renzi objected . 
  eventually , fran\u00e7ois hollande , the french president who has battled to keep greece in the fold , ushered ms merkel and mr tsipras into mr tusk 's office to finalise a compromise on the privatisation fund . 
  although they were ultimately successful , the negotiations appeared to strain the franco-german relationship long at the heart of the european project . 
  `` there was in germany a rather strong pressure for a grexit . 
  i refused that solution , '' mr hollande told reporters after a deal was reached . 
  on the privatisation fund , in particular , mr hollande gave backing to mr tsipras . 
  it was a question of `` sovereignty , '' the french leader said . 
  `` nothing would have been worse than humiliating greece , greece did n't seek charity , but solidarity from the eurozone . '' mr hollande also insisted that the possibility of a temporary greek exit from the eurozone -- a controversial initiative mr sch\u00e4uble had managed to insert into the eurogroup proposals -- be removed from the final document . 
  in the end , some bleary-eyed diplomats emerged unsure who had prevailed in the marathon session . 
  but they seemed agreed as to who had suffered most . 
  `` they crucified tsipras in there , '' a senior eurozone official who had attended the summit remarked . 
  `` crucified . '', 
  from that table germany , france and italy will each have a veto right for this . 
  from [ this ] ( http://www.esm.europa.eu/pdf/faq%20esm%2008102012.pdf ) :  in a number of areas the board of governors take decisions by qualified majority ( defined in the esm treaty as 80 % of the votes cast , with voting rights equal to the number of shares allocated to each country ) . 
   the esm treaty includes an emergency voting procedure , whereby financial assistance can be granted if supported by a qualified majority of 85 % of the votes cast . 
  i think it 's contributions . 
  [ in which case finland only has 1.8 % ] ( https://twitter.com/huopainen/status/619966816576761857 ) . 
  headlines in newspaper columns are usually written by an editor , not the author of the article . 
  it 's probably the same on the internet , and they try to come up with a headline that will get the most clicks . 
  a few people have pointed out on twitter that if tsipras wanted to lose , he could easily have said that a no vote would mean leaving the euro . 
  i thought that any deal had to be agreed by the eurogroup , and the finance minister has to be the representative to that ? 
  the argument only works for countries that do n't have control of their money supply . 
  countries that do can offset the impact of austerity on gdp with monetary stimulus . 
  if he 's right , the economics of the situation means that the status quo is just not a viable solution , regardless of whether it 's politically convenient . 
  how do you expect greece to pay any money back if their economy continues to collapse ? 
  you need to have an economy to collect tax . 
  does the ecb have to cut off ela to greece after this ? 
  if so , why ? 
  bbc live coverage is [ here ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/live/world-europe-33400127 ), 
  older people probably have more savings and are less likely to be unemployed , so they 'd be most affected if greece left . 
  greece has 50 % youth unemployment , so the young probably have little to lose . 
  euroscepticism is the radical option in greece , not the conservative one . 
  full imf report is [ here ] ( http://blogs.ft.com/brusselsblog/files/2015/07/greece-dsa.pdf ) ( pdf ), 
  full imf report is [ here ] ( http://blogs.ft.com/brusselsblog/files/2015/07/greece-dsa.pdf ) ( pdf ), 
  having a monetary union without a fiscal and banking union has already been economic suicide . 
  [ ecb decision likely means greek banks stay closed ] ( https://medium.com/bull-market/ecb-decision-likely-means-greek-banks-stay-closed-4e7754c30526 ), 
  fta :  however , relatively little of argentina 's growth over the last five years ( 2002-2007 ) is a result of exports or of the favorable prices of argentina 's exports on world markets . 
  this must be emphasized because the contrary is widely believed , and this mistaken assumption has often been used to dismiss the success or importance of the recovery , or to cast it as an unsustainable `` commodity export boom ...  during this period ( the first six months following the devaluation in 2002 ) exports grew at a 6.7 percent annual rate and accounted for 71.3 percent of gdp growth . 
  imports dropped by more than 28 percent and therefore accounted for 167.8 percent of gdp growth during this period . 
  thus net exports ( exports minus imports ) accounted for 239.1 percent of gdp growth during the first six months of the recovery . 
  this was countered mainly by declining consumption , with private consumption falling at a 5.0 percent annual rate . 
   but exports did not play a major role in the rest of the recovery after the first six months . 
  the next phase of the recovery , from the third quarter of 2002 to the second quarter of 2004 , was driven by private consumption and investment , with investment growing at a 41.1 percent annual rate during this period . 
  growth during the third phase of the recovery -- the three years ending with the second half of this year -- was also driven mainly by private consumption and investment ... however , in this phase exports did contribute more than in the previous period , accounting for about 16.2 percent of growth ; although imports grew faster , resulting in a negative contribution for net exports . 
  over the entire recovery through the first half of this year , exports accounted for about 13.6 percent of economic growth , and net exports ( exports minus imports ) contributed a negative 10.9 percent . 
  that was the original title that the bbc used . 
  they must have changed it later . 
  how do you know the property market is overheating ? 
  [ house prices in the eurozone are still below the levels they were at in 2007 ] ( https://i.imgur.com/xeaxugd.png ) ( [ source ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/housing_price_statistics_-_house_price_index ) ) . 
  that 's no overall house price growth in 8 years . 
  the average house price growth rate between 2005-2015 was 0.9 % . 
  you think the most important problem in the eurozone is too much demand ? 
  with inflation at 0.4 % and unemployment at 10.3 % ? 
  there 's a massive divide in the polling based on their methodology . 
  polls done online put remain and leave within a few points of each other , but polls done by phone usually give remain a 15-20 point lead . 
  and phone polls were more accurate at the general election . 
  look then at portugal , which never had greece 's big boom , and check the whole time series rather than just the beginning and end . 
  in 1995 , gdp per person in europe 's westernmost country was 37 per cent of germany 's . 
  convergence -- driven in part by slow growth in germany following the tech bust -- pushed up portugal 's average income to 54 per cent of the german level by 2005 , and it stayed there until 2010 before steadily sinking . 
  for comparison , czech output per person , relative to germany 's , has been relatively stable since 2007 , and grew far more rapidly in the period leading up to the crisis : in absolute terms , the improvement in living standards among the four central european countries has been truly impressive : these successes were exactly what the architects of the euro area hoped would happen to poorer members after joining the single currency . 
  the founders dreamed of building a unified european economy with transnational supply chains centred around the core of germany , austria , and the benelux countries . 
  technology transfers , foreign management , and new investment in plants and equipment would foster convergence across the bloc . 
  ( read `` one market , one money '' or the delors report on `` economic and monetary union in the european community '' for more context . ), 
  and in fact , a recent study by the international monetary fund demonstrates how the central europeans prospered because of their rapid integration into the core of the euro area . 
  bilateral trade between the central european countries and germany soared from 1995-2012 : the only other countries with a comparable level of economic integration with germany are austria and the netherlands , and even they are less connected to the greater german supply chain than hungary and the czech republic . 
  the central europeans are the only ones to experience a meaningful increase in the german content of their exports , which also suggests they were the ones to experience the greatest integration into the greater germanic supply chain : the eastward expansion of the german auto industry played a big role in all this . 
  the number of cars made in germany itself has been flat at around 5.5 million each year since 1992 , but thanks to massive direct investment from abroad into their automotive sectors , the four central european countries have gone from making a little more than 1 million cars on behalf of german companies in the mid-2000s to about 3 million by 2012 : the auto sector contributed to more than half of the total growth in exports since 1995 in the czech republic , poland , and slovakia , and to a third of the growth in exports in hungary . 
  cars and trucks account for a comparable share of total exports in the czech republic and germany ( 17 per cent ) , while slovakia 's auto sector is even larger , at about 22 per cent of exports . 
  the imf thinks the tight integration of these countries into the greater german economy led to productivity gains significantly beyond what would have happened otherwise . 
  delors 's dream came true .
