  no , i mean it can taste good , but it 's just a gross thing/idea . 
  nah , i think serbia 's pretty cool tbh . 
  i do n't think of it as generally worse than , say , croatia or albania or something , they all have different aspects that are good and bad like any other country . 
  which would explain why . 
  yes . 
  i ca n't imagine them all being mad in real life , though that would be quite a nation if that were the case . 
  first past the post , and honestly , potentially incorrect polls . 
  serbians are always angry ... 
  i 've never actually bet one who was n't arguing or angry at literally every single thing ever . 
  to be fair , cheese in general is just a gross concept . 
  i am lowkey looking forward to fewer far-right eurosceptic meps tho . 
  i ca n't be the only one who thinks the whole name thing is dumb , right ? 
  it looks like it 's lost in its own brain . 
  that * is * the best kind of correct . 
  much needed , may it continue to make europe strong , and macron look good keep le pen out of power !, 
  :d ( as you can see , i 'm banking heavily on a good term . ), 
  i just jizzed my pants . 
  because the uk left the eu . 
  that 's a huge change that will likely swing the vote . 
  yes , but a direct tax on the company will encourage the company to change , which if the planes did n't pollute , or polluted significantly less , that the number of passengers flying wo n't matter . 
  also , it 's kindof dumb to think that this will keep people from flying , like either it 's your only option or your flight is stupid short . 
  maybe on a flight to berlin or something there could be a change , but it 's so fast i think people will just pay extra anyway . 
  i do n't think it will work as well as planned . 
  yea , corsica is a far better example . 
  calais ? 
  they collaborate with rodina tho ? 
  idk m9 . 
  prettymuch sums it up , a federation of smaller states would be ideal , but i * do n't * want to dismantle all countries , i think regions like brittany , scotland , catalonia , etc. 
  should be able to decide on their own if they want independence . 
  sure , it might be sad to see brittany go , for example , but just as good an ally as a region , i say . 
  yea , but in those rare relatively sensible one-time cases i would n't want anyone getting arrested , fined , or jailed . 
  lmao , hold a referendum , if the people want it , give it to them . 
  yea , i suppose after several repeat offences action could be taken , but once might be a little much . 
  i can see a wall possibility after several offences/warnings though . 
  gah , i wish ireland would unify already , and scotland would declare independence , and catalu\u00f1a too . 
  edit : i just made some enemies . 
  he gets around , wow . 
  wow . 
  i 'll never understand the infactuation with genital mutilation , whether it 's in somalia , europe , or america . 
  fine then , no ifs . 
  but for my argument you do n't need ifs . 
  like i said this is n't any more immoral than what any other religion does , atleast the major ones in europe . 
  i think the approach is just a little to extreme , for kids , in school , fine . 
  but public places ? 
  i do n't think you can just force `` unity '' onto people because it 's what you believe it means to be norwegian or french or whatever . 
  i think people take the veil thing way out of proportion , particularly when you compare it to other mainstream religions . 
  i think , for adults that wish to wear the veil of their own accord in particular , it 's a bit of an overstep by the state . 
  and as for la\u00efcit\u00e9 , which everyone * loves * to point out , france is secular , yes , but that is not state atheism , again , the veils in public thing , while slightly off-topic , i believe that it is an overstep by the state . 
  but in schools , again , fine , it 's a child , i understand . 
  however , in the same vein , i do n't think you can prosecute for that , just make them take the veil off . 
  \u2248 10 $ is a pretty big price hike for a drink tho . 
  i always think it 's strange , in a good way , that poland is so pro-eu and so right-wing all at the same time . 
  it 's an unusual mix . 
  edit : i 'm talking farther right than the epp or something btw , i 'm aware that you can be pro-eu and centre-right . 
  lmao , how hilarious would it be if the uk had another election ? 
  i 'd say pretty funny , though that 's probably an unpopular opinion . 
  i just really want to see a pm corbyn . 
  yea , i feel that taxing the company rather than the consumer is a far better idea . 
  wow . 
  damn , that 's a sexy plane . 
  just * are n't * worth it ftfy, 
  parents tell their kids what to wear all the time , even if the kid does n't like what they 're wearing . 
  i 'm not defending the parents , but i 'm not sure it deserving of the label : child abuse . 
  i mean , would n't it be hypocritical of the state to not allow their parents to make their kids wear face-veils , but allow christians and others to mutilate their kids for religions reasons ( circumcision ) . 
  i mean , even if it 's not as popular in norway as it is in , say , america , it really should n't be allowed . 
  it plays towards this dichotomy that seems to exist . 
  like , that muslims doing x is bad , but christians and jews doing y is ok , even if y is significantly worse than x. 
  they 're not the same thing , but i do n't think europeans would have as big a problem with veils if christianity had a similar rule , it would be commonplace , much like , to tie it back to my example , circumcision . 
  if muslims were the only ones doing we would be banning it left and right . 
  i worry that this all stems from a place of fear and misunderstanding . 
  to be clear i think circumcision should be illegal and that forcing your kids to wear religious items , like a veil , should be restricted/illegal in certain settings . 
  a shame really , yabloko seems like a nice party . 
  i would be totally against it is it was n't a child , i think that 's what makes the exception here . 
  yes ? 
  mmmm ... idk . 
  on one hand i feel like banning things like this in school is kindof excessive , but there is also the fact that they are children and do n't have the choice because their parents force them to . 
  shit, 
  unfortunate . 
  lol , britain , what a clusterfuck . 
  meanwhile just across the channel france is a borderline one-party state ... 
  `` best macedonia '', 
  are the going to change the name to `` we do n't claim greece 's land '' because i think that 's the only name that will appease greece . 
  ** is a foreigner . 
  yes !, 
  stand up to putin !, 
  also , question : are their any russian parties that if they were to somehow gain power would actually try to make the system less corrupt ? 
  like , yabloko , the communist party , civic platform , the ldp , and/or civic platform ? 
  ( those are the ones i know anyway . ), 
  i wish lord buckethead won theresa may 's seat . 
  yea , but the loss of his domineering personality is unlikely to be replaced , a blow to russia even if mostly symbolic . 
  to be fair , the communist party has . 
  those 96 people prettymuch run the country so ... hollow victory . 
  it would be better than him remaining tho . 
  i mean from a stupidity standpoint . 
  it 's just dumb that any of them are in power . 
  that 's true , duterte verymuch falls into this catagory . 
  lmao , more like just an anglo-american thing . 
  per usual [ france 24 ] ( http://graphics.france24.com/france-legislatives-2017-resultats-vote-1er-tour/ ) got that good shit . 
  yea , but it 's been done before in france , twice actually . 
  how polish of you .
