  macron 's recent comments about encryption have thoroughly put me off ... 
  : / sooooo ... america is european ? 
  we 're a cheeky bunch , we are . 
  yea , understand now . 
  also , my tone is obviously note obvious when written i just want to put out there that i 'm not actually mad . 
  lol, 
  unfortunately a use would inevitably develop a nationalism of it 's own , and like scotland ( hundreds of years on and still vying for independence ) in your uk example , there will probably be separatists along with federalists ( or supranationalists ) . 
  this would be something that a use may be able to overcome given that if it exists in this hypothetical than it must have overcome the nationalists that came before it and likely still exist within it , giving it experience to deal with the problem , that is n't a satisfactory answer , but it 's honestly the only one have . 
  and when i previously referred to peace on the continent i was thinking about germany and france , however a use would likely function as a deterrent , russia knows full well that it would loose to * today 's * european union , never mind a hypothetical federation , ( unless russia 's economy booms out of nowhere , which wo n't be happening any time soon ) . 
  yea , it is pretty stupid to be totally honest , but i was just detailing how i think it works in my subconscious . 
  :p and like i said , bosnia and herzegovia and kosovo are definitely european for me , so location also has something to do with it . 
  let 's maybe take it down a couple thousand notches please . 
  i think / u/kamrouz is right , it 's probably the religious difference and the fact that armenia ( while bordering iran and turkey ) fits quite snugly next to azerbaijan and below georgia ( both countries with actual land in europe ) that throws me off . 
  oddly bosnia and herzegovina and kosovo do n't have the same affect on me , but they are in the middle of former yugoslavia so ... 
  yes , but capitalistic competition does n't necessarily have the added side affect of massive nation states threatening to destroy the world , even though the space race * did * further human space travel capability , with private companies ( perhaps with the addition of a global space agency competing aswell ) you can get the benefits of competing space organisations without the threat of nuclear holocaust . 
  were they referring to french lands in america ( guyane , martinique , guadeloupe , saint martin , and saint pierre and miquelon ) ? 
  because i know , however france remains mostly in europe with both land area and population , i suppose guyane is justification enough , but i still think it 's a pretty hollow argument . 
  like one global nationalised space agency ? 
  an interesting idea , however the competition between companies will push each of the companies to excel in an attempt to out preform the others , if anything this would exponentially increase the rate of scientific development rather than impede upon it . 
  come to think of it ... that is * pretty * american of him . 
  you bring up a good point with the space race , but imagine how far we could go if we were united in our efforts instead of forced to be divided !, 
  we are lucky to live in an age now where space agencies frequently collaborate to work on new projects ( esa+roscosmos and more recently cnes+jaxa ) , without this cooperation it would be much harder to obtain the resources and funding necessary for these missions unless you are a superpower like the united states and old soviet union . 
  turkey is bicontinental the same way armania is in asia ( geographically speaking ) . 
  but as far as politics and culture go i generally think of turkey as asian and armenia as european . 
  i know it does n't make sense , that 's just what my brain works , my brain jumps to asia when i think `` turkey '' and europe when i think `` armenia '' . 
  that moment when you forget what contenet you 're on . 
  edit : i mean , it 's got `` america '' in the name ... 
  it 's like when morocco tried to join the eu , like , hahaha , that 's cute . 
  just ... his closeness to ch\u00e1vez really puts me off , even though i want him to win , i only half agree with what he wants to do . 
  what has nationalism brought but suffering and despair ? 
  the time has finally come for humanity to unite , it is our inevitable future , or we will perish . 
  we should start where we can ( in europe and the rest of the west ) and work our way out from there to establish a more unified and interconnected world . 
  the european union is humanity 's best attempt yet at international integration , and it works , not perfectly , there is vast room for improvement , but it is europe 's , and by extension , the world 's best hope for peace , and it does its job well . 
  '' '' in case anyone wanted a translation ' is not on the sign in case anyone was wondering ' is on the sign , however . '', 
  is also on the sign under : `` in case anyone wanted a translation ' is not on the sign in case anyone was wondering '', 
  i ** knew ** it !, 
  i half agree with him . 
  xd better him than le pen any day tho . 
  why would you want that ? 
  idk , i guess i think east asia , the middle east , the indian subcontinent , and southeast asia , and armenia just does n't seem to fit , despite its close proximity to the middle east ( obviously ) . 
  i would draw the lines of the continent where they are generally exepted on a physical map , but politically & culturally i consider armenia european . 
  :( a sad day for humanity indeed . 
  the alternative is calling it n asian country , which just feels wrong . 
  edit : it honestly varies anyway depending on where you think europe ends and asia begins . 
  for me europe honestly as no business calling itself a continent , so its borders can be as flimsy as europe wants . 
  alot of people do , it 's a council of europe member too so ... 
  all is well then . 
  sad to see . 
  with any luck the wake caused by the crisis should settle down soon , i hope . 
  to be fair , even a blind person could see it coming from a mile away . 
  not to diminish your pride ofcourse . 
  good question , that is ultimately what matters . 
  uniting the military can add to beurocracy , it need to be coupled with other reforms aswell . 
  i mean , russia will probably be pissed , but you can read it either way , correct me if i 'm wrong , but is it not common to know both anyway ? 
  lol , rip . 
  i 'm not saying that there will be none , i 'm just saying that the current amount is unnecessary and excessive and it does n't have to be as bad as it is , eu army or not . 
  it 's possible to have both to a certain degree . 
  oh my god , i love every single one . 
  i think you 're confusing integration with beurocracy . 
  personally , i 'd like to see a more federal , more democratic european union . 
  i also believe that , for the most part you can have both and do not have to choose between one or the other . 
  for example : the most democratic countries ( mostly parliamentary republics ) like sweden , norway , finland , germany , etc. 
  can manage armies and maintain a highly regarded status as the world 's most democratic nations . 
  it 's not perfect , but i love it . 
  true , but there 's just something about maltese , i honestly do n't know what though . 
  not to be human rights activists , but simply to protect us interests in the area , turkey is a vital ally and erdo\u011fan has already been warming up to russia . 
  edit : so what i 'm saying that it 's not the autocracy that will get him overthrown , it 's where turkey heads under his potential new powers . 
  yea , perhaps russia will be absent and unable to veto again ( like in the korean war ) ? 
  i would n't count on it , but that would be the opportune time to push for un intervention . 
  ok , fine , you 're right , jumping to conclusions is not the right course of action . 
  examples ? 
  i can see un intervention as appropriate , but one country acting recklessly ( syrian government 's alledged gas attack ) does not grant others the right to act recklessly aswell ( us missile strike ) , even if they are n't necessarily equally as crazy . 
  were that the case we would all be dead from following north korea 's example . 
  well , i am , so there 's that . 
  i wish i could learn maltese , it 's so unique . 
  edit : for an eu language , i mean , finnish and hungarian are weird languages , and spanish has some arabic influence , but maltese really stands out . 
  unfortunately not well , m\u00e9lenchon likely suffers the same fate . 
  lol , rip, 
  the cia has definitely already planned a coup ... 
  lmao , i like to think that it wo n't last 7 + years . 
  ah , my bad , idk why i did that . 
  i see what you did there . 
  for clarification : i was referring to finances , i do n't see romania starting a world war . 
  jeez , i was n't aware it was so common , why tho ? 
  does this only happen when they immigrate and live near eachother , because afghanistan does n't have a large kurdish population . 
  finland is in the eu so more than likely finalnd will be dragged in with the rest of nato and the eu . 
  i guess not joining nato has the advantage of not being overtly hostile towards russia , but , as i said , finland is to going to be able to sit a war out , at best finland gets a week-long grace period . 
  well ... not to throw them under the bus buuuttt , ukraine , ukraine is literally , like , etymologically and actually a border region , romania is likely spared from war for atleast as long as ukraine holds out , which , not to brag , but the west 's combined power is capable of winning just about any war so it likely would . 
  to be fair : uygurs * are * turkic . 
  afghans and kurds are not quite notorious for fighting with eachother , kurds live in iraq , iran , syria , and turkey . 
  not in afghanistan . 
  i like alot of what m\u00e9lenchon stands for , and i would love to see him win , however , it would be wrong to pull france from the eu . 
  the eu is no perfect organisation , but it gets the job done , and reform can be done from the inside , particularly from a position as powerful as france 's . 
  i would like to see reform , less bureaucracy , and a government much closer to the citizen 's control , a uniform voting age across the eu ( preferably 16 ) , and party-list proportional representation , either individually by country or across the eu completely ignoring national borders . 
  i think the eu can be fixed and doing what britain did and running away from its responsibilities is not the right course of action . 
  as far as nato goes i honestly do n't care either way , france will be part of a war between the west and any external force for the whole of the foreseeable future . 
  and if leaving nato shuts america up about the whole 2 % of gdp spent on defence thing , that would be nice . 
  that would be wacky indeed . 
  i used to like hamon , but following m\u00e9lenchon 's performance in the first debate he swayed me with his support for a sixth republic , unfortunately neither hamon nor m\u00e9lenchon are likely to win the election , unless m\u00e9lenchon continues his remarkable accumulation of support over the coming weeks . 
  this election is wild .
