  it 's the same as using `` franco - '' instead of `` french '' or `` anglo - '' in place of `` english '' . 
  they function as either prefixes or conjunctions . 
   many ( of course not all ) users of / r/china are expats who post nothing but about how they hate china [ u sure ? ], 
  ( https://www.reddit.com/r/china/comments/66e4q3/he_thought_shoving_an_eel_up_his_ass_helps_with/ ), 
  holy shit , just give catalu\u00f1a the damn referendum , i do n't know how it 's acceptable for spain to even talk about blocking this thing , self determination is a right for all peoples , let them have their say . 
  and besides , the spanish government is n't exactly swaying people to want to stay by playing games with the catal\u00e1n government over independence . 
  i 'm saying that since we 're talking about russia , we should `` hide [ our ] crimeas '' it was a jab at russia for its illegal land grabs . 
  russia 's tryna make us jealous with their eu lite . 
  britain 's finna get their election rigged by russia and join the eaeu . 
  yea , not smart . 
  i mean , yea , that 'd be nice , but it 's also russia so hide your crimeas . 
  shoutout to the police and their [ super high-resolution logo . ], 
  that 's pretty cool , any sign of the british govt giving scotland that second referendum , i did n't think think that they were even allowed to block it . 
  lol , if the american authorities ( i 'm in america rn ) ever find my europe flag hanging on the wall behind my bed ( true story ) imma get the firing squad , wish me luck . 
  to be fair , 12 * is * a really nice number , it 's divisible by 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 6 , & 12 , realy easy to draw in a circle , it also creates a nice balance so that the stars are n't so impossible to fit in there like america , or , dare i say , brazil , shits hard man . 
  if he wins his presidency better be really fucking good , europe needs it . 
  breaking news : the flamingo party wins outright majority in the riksdag !, 
  [ the romans do two better than even themselves . ], 
  ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/year_of_the_six_emperors ), 
  what did he say ? 
  oh , so i was 5 or 4 lol , no wonder i never heard . 
  lmao , yea , but i 'm just saying that it seems like everyone is always talking about how different italy 's north and south are and this is just unexpectedly illustrative of that . 
  i do n't think he expects all of his demands to be met , amitiedly i made it sound that way , it 's a union of 27 countries , he 'll have to negotiate , obviously . 
  and besides , if we do n't have atleast one powerful leader serious about making the eu more democratic , the eu will fall apart , eurosceptics feed off if the fact that the eu is n't as democratic as it honestly should be . 
  really ? 
  wow , i never really thought about it . 
  yea , it 's pretty meh . 
  yea , i figured there was some catch , as bad as that sounds , it just seemed a little too good to be true . 
  no , he has said that he will refuse further integration * unless * ( edit : * most of * ) his reforms are implemented , he does n't want to integrate into the union unless parliament has more power . 
  he also wants to reform the ecb , the way it lends money , etc. , etc. . 
  i 'm not sure how well that will go for him though . 
  i did n't even know that , though i feel like i should 've . 
  it looks really nice , is it propaganda ? 
  like , staged ? 
  or was it just like this . 
  i really want to believe that it just was like this . 
  yea , but estonia should be at the top of this list , because : estonia :d, 
  i feel , that 's pretty unfortunate tho . 
  the ultimate test has proven beneficial . 
  i 've always found that odd , like , how has that not changed yet ? 
  yes yes ** yes ** !!, 
  everyone likes france . 
  the discrepancy between north and south italy is now very apparent to me . 
  i just looked him up , i love his buildings , just wow . 
  that curved one smack-dab in the middle is very pretty . 
  now if only america would do something about that president of theirs . 
  well , ideally it would n't matter , but good to know . 
  imagine the paper cuts ... 
  he 's not communist . 
  it 's s beautiful , this sets the standard for libraries . 
  i know , i hope he wins so bad . 
  even then it might not even happen then tho . 
  :( but there 's a better chance . 
  that 's not every kid , at 16 now i 'm still closeted ( from most people ) but that belief that you had was just silly , and i dare say that would n't have even crossed your mind if education was more comprehensive . 
  i think that 16-year-olds need to be empowered , they need to be told to think about their decision , and they need to be passionate about their decision , they need to know that they can not be put in a box and that a stereotype can never truly define them . 
  more importantly they need to know that their opinion may or may not be the same as their parents , but so long as they are thinking critically , whether you agree or not should n't matter , because at the end of the day your opinion is not dependent on what your parents think . 
  if we can turn young minds into independent and critical thinkers , this will no longer happen . 
  :p atleast m\u00e9lenchon is trying to change the eu for the better , marine le pen just wants to leave ( not helpful ) and every other major candidate is just going with the status quo . 
  the baltic states are still protected by nato with or without france , also , france is still in the eu and will be brought into the conflict anyway . 
  he wants to create a sixth republic , a parliamtary republic with a voting age at sixteen , he wants to write abortion rights into the constitution as well . 
  he also wants shorten the work week and other basic socialist stuff too . 
  rekt, 
  and in italy , if it holds snap elections too , that 'd be crazy . 
  yea , atleast until another uk snap election , or if m\u00e9lenchon wins he may draft a new constitution and implement new elections before the end of his hypothetical term . 
  god , that would be nice , however unlikely . 
  i 'm hoping for m\u00e9lenchon in france and spd in germany ( likely in coalition with the left and the greens ) . 
  i 'm calling it now , it will . 
  that is unfortunate . 
  significant improvement from `` the big library '' . 
  lmao, 
  next i bet he imbeds a penis into a cinema . 
  ew , what a gross person . 
  ok , so the lib-dems would join a coalition with labour ? 
  plot twist , before 2004 it was moonshine . 
  yea , very frustrating . 
  parliament needs more legislative power , currently the power rest to much on the commission and council both often completely unelected ( if i 'm not mistake on a seat in either of these bodies can be held my an elected official just as well ) . 
  i thought about approving the curriculum , and honestly , i 'm not quite sure , i 'd like to say a committee with members from all major parties , but i 'm not sure how feasible it is , it 's possible that they make a good curriculum apolitical in approach that encourages debate and discussion , or it could just fall apart . 
  ok , wtf did estonia do to you ? 
  oh my god xd, 
  i give you that , it * can * be abused , but there is no such thing as a perfect system , we can not abstain from something because it has potential be abused , like a car for example , it is in everyone 's best interest that you drive safely , noone wants to get in an accident , but they happen , and there are might even be a couple people ready to drive into a crowd , but we can not ban cars , they are to useful to modern society , the same way this education ( which should honestly already be more thoroughly in place ) is essential to democracy . 
  not as president , that comes with significantly more power than any other position in france , definitely more powerful than european parliament . 
  he will be in a position to enact real change to france and europe , because the eu is going to listen to 1/27 heads of state over 1/751 mps . 
   it would be a difficult implementation . 
  but not impossible , it 's something we 'll need , so it will have to be done . 
   teaching students reliably and sensibly about candidates is not feasible in our world . 
  not true , it 's quite possible , i 've witnessed it first hand , we talk about politics on a daily basis in history , it 's basically one huge debate half the time , and everyone has a different opinion , it 's glorious . 
  i do n't care who it helps , these people deserve rights , and some early education in civics in school should allow 16-year-olds and any future voters the tools they need to vote intelligently . 
  we could also have an earlier and more comprehensive civics course , or better yet perhaps a `` voting class '' where you learn about candidates in past/upcoming elections , their merits , what they stand/stood for , and how plausible it is that those actions that they proposed could generate real change and action in the real world , and why or why not . 
  there is not shortage of topics for one or more years of this class , and it could start around 6 ^ th or 8 ^ th grade . 
   these populists should go drown themselves in a bucket . 
  criticise he policies as you wish , i 'm simply saying do n't judge his ability to preform before he actually does . 
  yea , i suppose , but there 's always a crisis , and the situation in turkey is tragic too , however , humanity always seems to progress , relapse , and learn from her mistakes . 
  unfortunately , we 're apparently heading towards another relapse , whether the eu will survive this , we will see , but i 'm worried that we wo n't stop until we 've thoroughly ruined ourselves once again and have to pick up the pieces , only to vow to never do it again because of how destructive it was . 
  unfortunately we 've been doing this since the dawn of civilisation , and it appears to be the only way we learn the big lessons . 
  this is one of the reasons why i want m\u00e9lenchon to win in france , i truly hope and believe that he can use france 's position to change the eu , give more power to parliament and save the union , because , as you said : `` the e.u. 
  seems to be breaking at the seams ( even if lepen is n't elected , the anti-e.u. 
  parts of her platform needs to be address one way or another , or there will be a `` lepen '' in the future ) '' . 
  my sincere hope is that with m\u00e9lenchon 's reform , that can be prevented . 
  no problem !, 
  crazy kids .
