fair point , i see what you mean . 
  well then i guess we 'll know soon enough ... let 's hope not . 
  i know how the military sees itself , but clearly what they are doing has been tried many times to no avail , something needs to change so that the military does n't have to intervene all the time to `` restore order and democracy '' , these things should be self regulating like in most other democracies . 
  if they do return turkey to true democracy then let 's hope it 's the last time this has to happen . 
  ok , that does n't mean that turkish military should be conducting a coup d'\u00e9tat every decade or so . 
  if he were n't currently trying to escape to gernmany , i might think the same thing , to be fair that is the first thing that popped into my head . 
  sounds like someone needs to do something about their military , my word ... 
  true true , the fifth republic did come from one . 
  and in south korea there were three or four in just its short existence . 
  and ofcourse thailand comes to mind aswell . 
  when things calm down it will be interesting to see if they take the country in a good direction . 
  i see , after dong just a bit of research on the turkish parliament i saw that there was one in 1980 ... 
  interesting , but still pretty unnerving . 
  edit : * doing, 
  d : this is so bad . 
  wtf ? 
  i did n't expect this at all , i never fully trusted erdo\u011fan 's turkey , but this is some next level crazy shit . 
  i wonder how this will go , pretty concerning for this to happen to a nato member ... 
  ( \u256f \u00b0 \u25a1 \u00b0 \uff09 \u256f \u253b \u2501 \u253b why are n't you all blue, 
  it 's rather stupid ... 
  it 's an infringement on free speech , there obviously need to be regulations in place for free speech ( i.e. 
  : yelling `` fire '' in a crowded movie theatre ) but what the french government does by criminalizing genocide denial is too far . 
  brexit does seem less like a bad thing for the eu as time goes on . 
  the european government might step up their game , so to speak . 
  and the u.k. gets it 's hot second alone before they realize what they 've done and come back with zero exemptions to the treaties that make up the eu . 
  i do n't know if that 's how it will play out , but i 'd be pumped if it did . 
  ouch ... 
  i feel it . 
  i was terrified at first , but now i believe that this blow will only make us more unified . 
  britain was never 100 % on-board with the whole thing anyway . 
  thank you for the clarification . 
  i 'm not sure the exact situation of the nukes . 
  i was simply aware of the fact that nato nuclear weapons sharing provided nukes to turkey , germany , begium , netherlands , and italy . 
  i would n't be surprised if the u.s. still called the shots on these though . 
  either way i guess it does n't matter becuase , as you said , germany could have functioning warheads within a year . 
  xd no . 
  i believe germany has jurisdiction over about 10 . 
  mmmmm , i do n't know . 
  this , much like some bans across europe on denying the holocaust , it 's kindof infringe-y on the whole `` freedom of speech '' thing ... even if that speech is in promotion of radical islam . 
  vive l'europe !, 
  there are polish people absolutely everywhere i swear ... 
  yea , it was quite surprising when the nationalists of western europe met and were like : `` yea , we 're best friends '' . 
  i 'm sure that will last until about three seconds after any of them take power ... 
  that 's so awesome , the north european plain is amazing for building huge cities !, 
  ( if no one flattens them ofcourse . ), 
  do ... do you think the western far-right knows that they `` disagree '' most with the far-right of everywhere else , but are at the same time have more in common with the far-right of everywhere else than any other western political faction ? 
  they must not . 
  it 's quite fascinating , really . 
  i like how estonia 's islands cereal fanatics , and the rest of the country is like : `` meh . '', 
  ( i know that it 's not supposed to be like that . ), 
  turkey 's all about that cereal . 
  there 's always something so awe-inspiring seeing large distant structures , both natural and artificial . 
  it 's amazing how flat it is , you can see warsaw over a field of flowers from what appears to be kilometres away . 
  that 's so frustrating . 
  true . 
  no , but the internet is famous for being untrustworthy . 
  to be fair if they choose their sources wisely there wo n't really be a problem , but how likely is it that everyone in greece ( or any country ) actually checks ( let alone cares about ) the correctness of their news sources . 
  i 'll be hoping for macron , the socilaists are not going to win , and a choice between fillon and le pen is almost worse than the choice america had ... 
  merci beaucoup . 
  gdp of germany = gdp of africa o_o that 's quite the fact , my my . 
  $ \u035c $ just what we need !, 
  god fucking damn it greece !, 
  i 'd always thought the idea strange , any nato or eu member has virtually nothing to fear , unless a hypothetical war goes nuclear , the west wins , every time . 
  hey , that 's pretty good . 
  that 's the same road ? 
  that 's amazing ... 
  lmao, 
  like father like son . 
  : , ) they grow up so fast . 
  but we could chance the name , perhaps the european federation . 
  wow , did n't realize that the faroe islands were all that into leaving . 
  kindof sad . 
  :( that would be cool to have a new country though . 
  * shakes fist *, 
  yes !, 
  united states of europe !, 
  ( eventually , i do n't want to rush it , but it needs to be the end goal . ), 
  the netherlands = sri lanka, 
  -_- the sweden jokes are so fucking old , just ... stop . 
  weird how those two words mesh ... ma\u00f1ana is both morning and tomorrow in spanish . 
  unite europe !, 
  still higher than i had anticipated ... 
  romania has one stark contrast , damn . 
  ha , already got that one . 
  yea , that 's what i mean , i 'm not afraid because the chances of an attack on me are minuscule . 
  ayyyyy !, 
  anyone actually not afraid of travelling at all tho ? 
  like , i feel like i 'm totally alone in that terrorist attacks do n't scare me . 
  like , it 's devistating and sad but i still travel as i normally would , nothing changes for me . 
  well that depends on where you start , but yeah . 
  duh , the ruling party in america actively sucks israel 's dick on a daily basis . 
  that 's two attacks on the transgender community in america and counting , props to the uk for allowing transgender people to keep their rights in this instance . 
  it still shocks me that so much of west was so awful just 50 years ago , like , a criminal offence ? 
  i already knew this , but it 's just as surprising each time i read it . 
  honestly a good idea , turkey and america make me uneasy . 
  damn , they got that prime ad space tho . 
  that bitch ought to be in jail for life . 
  i wish it was iceland cold all the time , and that this was considered really high . 
  ( in the voice of patrick star ) : `` touch . '', 
  lolol , we have an advantage over the uk now , next stop , light blue !,
