  mainly because they are nothing like our `` vampires '' which are closer to ghouls and werewolves . 
  i would agree with less mp 's but keep the 2 chamber system just refine it so it works as the name kinda suggests . 
  the main thing that is proposed ( from what i have seen ) is loosing the bicameral system and having less pm 's , while the 2nd big thing i saw was reducing the number of signatures needed to run for something . 
  besides contradiction , the bicameral system is actually good for us cause it sort of prevents blitz laws that could really fuck up our country . 
  aka all the protest did was replace psd with pnl . 
  wonderful . 
  the m48 , m60 and leopard 1 can be destroyed from the front by all french and turkish at weapons . 
  the leclerc and leopard 2 can actually withstand hits from a quite large category of at armament and take out the m48 , m60 and leopard 1 from a longer range than those tanks can take out the leclerc and leopard 2 . 
  it 's clear that you are not getting my point . 
  that pure size is a bad measurement . 
  but sure go ahead with your measurement . 
  france has 406 mondern mbt 's ( post 1990 production ) the amx leclerc turkey has 354 modern mbt 's as in 354 leopards 2a4 france has 410 fourth generation jet fighters , 95 dassault rafales and 315 dassault mirage 2000 turkey has 239 fourth generation jet fighters all f-16 of both generation c and d france has 51 modern attack choppers all eurocopter tigers turkey has 37 modern attack choppers in the form of ah-1 cobras and supper cobras france has a professional army of 115,000 men turkey has a professional army of 77,000 men and 325,000 conscripts . 
  that is just a quick comparison . 
  one can go more in depth . 
  it does though . 
  because there is a difference between size and effective size . 
  sure one side might have more raw numbers but it does n't matter if only a small number of their units are actually effective at fighting the enemy . 
  it does . 
  the same way an army equipped with muskets will get destroyed by an army equipped with machine guns . 
  no they do n't . 
  they do n't really know what they want . 
  they want no more coruption . 
  but they have 0 idea how to achieve that . 
  what most likely will happen is that pnl will get majority in everything . 
  even though they are just as bad if not worse than psd . 
  basically they have been asking for resignation of a lot of politicians and now they got it so they are shouting about no more coruption since nobody has any plan or if they do they do n't agree with each other . 
  so amazing protest we got here . 
  the point i am making is that protest is more of a emergency / last resort civil action to show unhappiness . 
  but people in romania rarely take any civil action besides protest seriously . 
  the only reason the corrupt make up most of our political class is because we let them . 
  bs peddlers stay in buisness only as long as people buy it . 
  what i find a bit annoying is that people take civil action only now after shit hit the fan . 
  why did n't they do anything before things got to this point ? 
  when the people are protesting and stability is going that is the right time for foreign groups to do their bs . 
  i hope that the people will be smart enough to not do their bidding . 
  the guvernament is pro eu . 
  and did n't go against the imposed sanctions on russia . 
  and most of our parties are like that . 
  i wish they were n't with how eu is going to shite but they very much are . 
  did n't he change his mind and said yes to the refugee quotas ? 
  i agree that i may be wrong , though i am not convinced yet . 
  i hope to god i am wrong and we wo n't get anywhere close to that bs of anarchy . 
  as for the new political class thing . 
  i would argue that it 's the duty of the citizens to be that political class by being politically active and actually choosing good people . 
  though one can argue the system is very rigid and stacked . 
  but i am worried that we will end up with leftist and liberal governments like sweden that will end up screwing up our country . 
  though i recognize i should have more faith in my people . 
  there are not many sources but reporters asking people what they think , and in more than one i saw people asking for anarchy . 
  fair enough it might be the out liners , but i do n't want those people to get any publicity or power because of it . 
  i am all for people taking a stand against corruption , but not people asking for anarchy , i am actually happy that the mayor resigned and that ponta finally resigned because of outrage , but i for example do n't agree to the foreign minister resigning . 
  we need prisons not just because of politicians under arrest . 
  my father had the bad luck of ending up under arrest and he can attest of the poor conditions of the facility as well as how crowded and overpopulated they are . 
  just what reporters manage to get from some of the protesters . 
  what i see here are a small group of agitators , some entitled `` anarchists '' who are taking advantage of the genuine unhappiness and angry sentiments against the government of the majority . 
  this can be seen just from the footage of the protests we need reforms , not another revolution . 
  and considering how the world is going right now we really need stability and preferably a strong government with a proper external policy . 
  `` anarchy '' will just make us weak and vulnerable like how we were in the 90 's and late 30 's . 
  they also apparently want anarchy , the resingment of the president , higher wages and to form their own parties . 
  anyone see anything wrong with that ? / s not to mention that majority of them are in the 20-30 years range , with obvious agitators from the local sports hooligans . 
  right now i would n't really mind the riot police starting to disperse them . 
  for the same reason westerners call us thieves . 
  but in this case it 's a bit more rooted in reality do to the high ammount of gypsies refusing to adapt , i think it might even be the majority sadly . 
  but hopefully this will eventually change and they will adapt . 
  so are you saying that we are enslaving people ( even though slavery was not limited by race , see barbary slave trade ) . 
  have segregated public spaces so the coloured 's do n't mix with whites . 
  do n't allow coloured 's to get high ranking positions . 
  and let 's not forget counting them as 3/5 of a person . 
  cause if you know that is not true you will figure out that painting your face brown is not really racist , maybe offensive to overly sensitive people , but everything and anything is offensive nowadays including telling people that obesity is a disease and harmful to them . 
  my god your reading comprehension is bad . 
  i never claimed that gypsies are all the same . 
  far from it . 
  i said the opposite . 
  i only said that some of them act as stated above , majority , but not all of them . 
  i also never stated or claimed that they ca n't be successful people , i only stated what some of them do , which is true no matter how much people like to hide the fact . 
  hopefully the next guy wo n't be as bad . 
  but knowing the shinning ammount of coruption and incompetence in our main parties i would n't be surprised if we get someone as bad or worse . 
  except the gypsies refered to in such complaints are not adapting . 
  they refuse to send their children to school even though it 's free , then they send their kids off to beg , steal or salvage scrap , then they marry those kids of early and they produce around 8 or 10 kids then they proceed to seclude themselves into their little clans which quite often are involved in organised crime . 
  this cycle was attempted to be broken by even the communists and they failed . 
  and now western europe calls us racist while all the while dismantling their gypsy camps and deporting them to romania and blaming it all on us . 
  because all of the gypsies come from here . 
  nato is the cooperation between nations in case of war or other military conflict . 
  that means eastern european members also have to do their part as much as the us . 
  but it stops at military and it has nothing to do with our laws and policies and culture . 
  or theirs . 
  so what you are saying is that black americans ca n't think for themselves or defend themselves and are so weak and fragile that a simple joke will destroy their simple minds . 
  and that they need the tought police to make sure that nobody ever makes a joke about them cause it 's sure as shit that they ca n't defend themselves or take the joke . 
  fuck that and fuck the american centrism that brings all this stupid outrage . 
  this is eastern europe we do n't give a fuck and we are allowed to not give a fuck . 
  do n't look at pure numbers of equipment . 
  check how much of it is modern . 
  for example romania has 1000 tanks , but 700 of them are t-55 's which ca n't penetrate an abram 's armour from the rear . 
  france . 
  after them it 's uk . 
  you do know turkey is investing a lot of money on the military and military tech . 
  so never say never . 
  i am surprised nobody made the mix tape joke yet . 
  if ksp has thought me anything is that we just need more boosters and struts . 
  this was just 1 small fire . 
  what if we get another quake .
