  eu already stomps on it 's members sovereignty without also having the tools to control them militarily . 
  that amount of money is nothing . 
  we spend 1 billion euros just for new apc 's . 
  and that is just one contract from a small nation . 
  also you forgot fuck carol ii and his corruption and incompetence that led to this . 
  hungary , greece and serbia have really good relations with russia while the relations with eu are deteriorating . 
  and all those 3 have certain bones to pick with other european nations . 
  hey you are still valuable to us . 
  without you we would be the worse in eu . 
  cause poland will not hold . 
  there are just 4 rivers and a lot of plains between france and russia . 
  while baltics have no chance of holding if gottland falls in russian hands . 
  romania is more lucky do to the carpathian mountains helping stop a russian invasion . 
  not you but the greek ports ... 
  what was the line again ? 
  `` germany will fight to the last american '' and if nato keeps going this way all we will be left is with usa baltics , poland and romania and at the first chance of war half of europe will backstab each other . 
  that is funny coming from someone english . 
  considering uk is cutting military spending more and more while eastern europe is building proper armies . 
  you do know that most owned land in romania is housing followed by agricultural land . 
  and such a taxation reform as in your post would backfire as the reason the land is unused is do to lack of infrastructure and local agricultural companies , what such a thing will lead to is selling of land to foreign corporations at a more alarming rate . 
  destroying any possibility of a locally owned food production . 
  reduce poverty by taxing the majority of the population more . 
  genius !, 
  you can . 
  it has been done and worked 4 times in our history . 
  that is nowhere in scale to the 1940 pogroms in moldova . 
  and looking at that one the people basically got pissed off enough by thieves that where gypsies because one of the 4 guys murdered a romanian . 
  the police should have intervened and stopped it and settled it in court . 
  it had nothing to do with fascist propaganda it was do to poor police handling and poor education on both sides . 
  yes a hundred years ago . 
  now the far right is basically dead . 
  and banning them from speaking will just built resentment and give them a reason to actually hate . 
  are you scared of people saying that or what ? 
  if it is stupid which it is people with a brain wo n't follow it . 
  stop treating your fellow countrymen as close minded nazi 's . 
  from a legal point of view if something is legalized it 's accepted and considered normal . 
  and people will eventually take advantage of that because if you give them a finger they will take your whole hand . 
  yes but what if someone does engage in pedophilia should n't he be jailed to protect society ? 
  but by not banning it and giving the ok you are promoting it , you are normalizing it . 
  by making it legal you are literally saying that it 's normal for people to have sexual relations with animals . 
  that will lead to degeneracy . 
  that people are born that way and they ca n't help themselves . 
  is the main one iirc . 
  that is why you encourage company 's just the problem is it 's hard for the state to make sure only local companies are supported and not multinational corporations . 
  people owning land is good because it promotes independence and self sustenance . 
  which is arguably correct because the same arguments for homosexuality can and are used by people who want to legalize pedophilia . 
  remove bans on incest and zoophilia . 
  that totally wo n't end up with inbreeding , degeneracy and germany being the laughing stock of europe . 
  because we want to encourage land owning , which is a good thing . 
  for money it would make more sense to promote formation of agricultural companies and with tax and food from them the project could work and not piss of anyone . 
  remove all hate speach laws and anything similar . 
  we had enough censorship with the communists and should be fully removed . 
  where the heck would we get the money ? 
  the government barely affords milk , bread and some apples . 
  not to mention our schools lack the facilities for canteens . 
  i am not pro pnl . 
  personally i think all our political parties and nearly all our politicians are shit . 
  but even just looking at the guy it tells you that he is a spineless weasel not to mention he has a past proving it . 
  and he is also smug when he can get away with it . 
  what a spineless dog he is . 
  well vlad tepes is spinning in his grave right now . 
  we have less then 1 percent muslims and they are not in the capital . 
  the russian 4th army which is the most well equipped , largest and well trained army in the area . 
  well some of them do want to be liberated . 
  and it 's quite obvious transistria is just a russian puppet state meant to control moldova . 
  the poll does n't give the age range so for all i know they are asking grandpa to grab his pitchfork . 
  plus there are people in the diaspora that might return in case of a war . 
  roads from germany . 
  well now i know i am one of roughly 8 million people in my country that will fight for it . 
  or liberating moldova . 
  olanda ( holland ) and tarile de jos ( the low countries ) in romanian, 
  to be honest the tisa line was only of use for the army . 
  it has fertile land and a bit of industry but it ai n't much . 
  and nowadays only the crazy wanabe legionaries ever say it should be hours . 
  but that are a minority and people mostly care about moldova now . 
  the reason for them not to fully conquer hungary was in part us and their policy of nations self determination used to justify many of the new borders and not allowing hungary to exist would have been seen as hypocritical and reduce the strength of the claims for the new land . 
  as well as the risk of a new revolution which would have ruined the stability of both serbia and romania in the long run as well as having high costs . 
  what i fail to understand is why they did n't want to give romania the tisa line . 
  that was one of the promises made by the entente to romania if they where to join the war . 
  i guess it falls under the self determination doctrine in part as well as making sure no state from the little entente was so strong . 
  as to create a new empire in s e europe . 
  and i remember the 1923 date from history class . 
  the dacian crowd you can sort of excuse . 
  because we do have some dacian traditions left and bits of language and all nations search for their ancestors . 
  and they where also thought that is school . 
  but the most annoying buggers are the wanabe legionaries . 
  who think romania should start from austria and end in crimea and that all non romanians from the hungarians to the russians to the jews for some reason . 
  my knowledge on this event goes this way . 
  in 1918 after the union with transsilvania the romanian army moves to the some\u015f line where the new border was marked . 
  the hungarian army there refuses to accept that demarcation line . 
  small conflicts happen . 
  romanian army wins them and enters oradea . 
  in the meantime the hungarian guvernament resigns and the communists come into power . 
  they start pushing for a greater hungary and conflicts take place with most of hungary 's neighbours . 
  mostly skirmishes . 
  but romania send the entire army west . 
  war is eventually won by romania and the romanian army enters budapest . 
  romanian army starts taking hungarian assets as war reparations as do to the conflict they have been denied to receive war reparations from germany or the ottomans . 
  romanian army wants the new border to start from the tisa line . 
  while france uk and us pressure romania to pull back .
