  but the war is usually not talked about much . 
  but as one of your examples survival/unification was the goal at the time , a goal not reached and failure payed in blood . 
  with people seeing the previous king as incompetent and us forced into the war by our allies falling and surrounded by fascists and communists forced to take a side . 
  subjugation as communists took over . 
  we where a resource provider and the 3rd biggest force on the eastern front . 
  we kicked the ass of the germans , russians and americans but the latter is my opinion and of those who read into the battles . 
  people do n't really know about our ss volunteer units as they where small insignificant and most of them did n't see combat as they where formed at the end of the war . 
  as for the romanian army , people just do n't know . 
  i have great respect for them but generally people do n't know and during the communist regime most of the soldiers who fought for the axis got persecuted . 
  role of our partisans : useless and non existent, 
  yes you can , you can do that anywhere . 
  there are centers but they do n't want to stay they want to get into germany immediately because free welfare . 
  romanian ? 
  i mean with it you can more easily learn spanish and italian as well as latin alphabet slavic languages , but it 's relatively hard to learn and germanic speaking people have it the hardest at learning it . 
  spanish is the most spoken european language so that is the most useful , after that if you want to travel around europe , german and russian are really useful for learning other european languages . 
  while the french will smell the tea and mock you even if you speak french . 
  spanish , german , russian and french . 
  but you can just do fine with english . 
  ffs . 
  culture of fear my arse . 
  wolves , foxes and bears are constant sources of trouble for farms and foragers and forest villages . 
  and i love the fact that we have the largest wolf population by not exterminating them like the cultured west . 
  and i love the fact that they used a folk story as an example of fear . 
  well we need to make europe happy by showing how inclusive we are so we added something for wales . 
  well we see ourselves as the grandsons of the dacians and romans . 
  with decebal , trajan and burebista as our ancestors . 
  with trajan even mentioned in our anthem . 
  zacusca is more seasonal food , as it 's usually made in the autumn and preserved and usually opened in the spring . 
  another dish is ciorba ( sour soup ) which has just too many variants to mention all in a post . 
  mamaliga , yesterday . 
  sarmale , a week ago . 
  mici , today . 
  except the serbs , they are ok . 
  and to the west , north and south . 
  well refusal to speak the official language turns you into nothing more than a drag to the nation and society . 
  i do n't care if you are hungarian , russian or roma . 
  i have nothing against people speaking their native tongue . 
  but for the love god learned to speak the official and required language , same as everybody . 
  how is it racist ? 
  answer me that . 
  well though luck either learn it or get out , nobody is stopping them from doing either . 
  why should they get it in hungarian , just so they could sit as a small enclave in the middle of the country , btw they already have hungarian education and services . 
  romanian being neither mandatory nor supported which is stupid . 
  how is romania being unfair ? 
  they are treated the same as romanians , why should they be special ? 
  and why should n't one speak the language of his country ? 
  it 's a stupid thing to not speak the language as it is detrimental to you . 
  for example : do to lack of education the roma are such a problem for europe and europe does n't let us force them into the education system . 
  as well as the roman empire lasted hundreds of years because assimilation and failed as soon as it stopped . 
  because they live in a different country than hungary , they live in romania so they should at least speak the bloody language . 
  and nationality and ethnicity are not race , and i have no grudge with the hungarians here as they are just normal people , i just hate the people who think we are keeping the local hungarian population in slavery or something . 
  also how is it racist ? 
  they already have hungarian as a language . 
  they can spend all their life without talking one bit of romanian . 
  which is stupid in my opinion . 
  why should the state pay for their stuff once they no longer a full member of the state ? 
  and considering most of the local elections are won by the hungarian party they are n't under represented by any chance . 
  what would they gain from it again ? 
  grolsh is shit . 
  hertog jan is meh at best . 
  the netherlands ... good beer ... u wot m8 ? 
  and uk underrated ? 
  the fuk ? 
  because you built the relevant argument on one question and a incorrect statement . 
  one ca n't compare useless autonomy to landless peasants . 
  and to answer the first question yes , because in the case of hungarian autonomy in the middle of romania it is as it 's just spouting what politicians want you to spout and get them to their goal . 
  as for the second thing . 
  people do n't realize that nations are built to assimilate the people and cultures in their land till it results in a homogeneous easily distinguishable blob on the map . 
  how would they be more free than they already are ? 
  they will be probably less free as the autonomous region could n't afford to pay for as much education or healthcare . 
  what would they gain from it ? 
  europe has plenty of military equipment and trained troops . 
  it would n't be that hard to organize operation to blow up the boats and arrest the traffickers on shore . 
  first there needs to be some certainty that the hungarian party wo n't forge votes or bribe like they did for the presidential and local elections . 
  they are when you need state money to keep your region afloat autonomy is crazy . 
  there is no practical reason for them having autonomy nor do the majority want autonomy as it would be useless . 
  autonomy would make them worse of than they are as they want autonomy is one of the poorest counties of the country . 
  besides it being a stupid thing , it is not exactly 90 percent hungarian . 
  it 's 70 percent in one county , 80 percent in another and 20 to 10 in the other two counties . 
  not to mention most hungarians do n't care or do n't want it as they would gain nothing . 
  a hungarian in romania can live his whole life without speaking romanian once so they are n't exactly oppressed . 
  considering they want autonomy in some of the most poor counties of the country and not to mention in the middle of the country . 
  they are pretty extremists . 
  how about soviet deportations of ethnicities ? 
  or the large famine that affected ukranians in a larger percantage then russians . 
  or how about the targeting of intelectuals and preists ? 
  old m\u0103m\u0103lig\u0103 , more effective than depleted uranium !, 
  every time i look at my country i see opportunity , i see history and i see people scared of sticking up for themselves and their brethren . 
  the country is full of riches yet nobody is willing to fight for them . 
  everybody is stuck in the comunist era of helplesness . 
  what we need is to get our head out of the ground and look to our past to see what we really are and to move away from this learned helplesness . 
  that is what i want to happen yet the incompetent and corrupt will just keep the status quo . 
  oh please just look at uk or germany or even france . 
  there are big corporations backing the current governments . 
  i would rather eu just dies . 
  and so does the puppet government they have here . 
  eu was a good idea till it became a political union . 
  now it 's just stalin 's wet dream . 
  a corrupt and incompetent central government of europe hell bent on destroying any sovereignty . 
  fuck no .
