  and what is left is easy flat lands with not a lot of forests until you get to the north west . 
  now romania could spread out like 80,000 to 100,000 men on a border of 200km . 
  so actually defending part is easy . 
  the real question is : will our politicians actually do anything and if so will it be too late ? 
  i had the misfortune to watch normal romanian tv this week . 
  and they put on dramatic music for everything . 
  and i do mean everything, 
  with partitioning germany and austrian peace deal . 
  culturally , maybe . 
  if we are to talk about music and traditional clothes , and i would argue that the music and clothes also are similar to the polish . 
  but the language is neo-latin , the cuisine is a mix of turkish , hungarian , austrian , russian and even french influences , and the romanian orthodox church is neither russian nor pure greek , especially with us having the same calendar as the catholics with just easter normally on different dates . 
  an army which achived nothing . 
  my how wonderful . 
  not to mention the majority of that army is made up out of eastern europeans and japanese . 
  after sending lenin there and giving him money so he can start his `` glorious revolution '' . 
  not if you did n't fail geography . 
  it 's also hard for them to be united when western europe let russia die and become the soviet union without even flinching . 
  i know like around 10 in my class of 33 that fast decently at least . 
  i am not one of them . 
  we are so united . 
  until people mention russia or the balkans . 
  cause how can `` we '' be united with them . 
  a person from the continent of europe . 
  why should european be different from asian or american ? 
  i am reasonably christian orthodox . 
  as much as the norm . 
  i pray before family dinners , i go to church during easter , and i fast on important days . 
  just like pretty much everyone in my community . 
  like that is the norm for nearly all romanian villages and small towns . 
  i do n't know to which extent people belive , at least most older people i know trully belive while the young ones is hard to tell . 
  if greece would get the all clear from germany they could use their armed forces which consume 7 percent of the gdp , to stop the flow of migrants . 
  but that will never happen . 
  so your costs of living are around 50 percent to twice as much as here . 
  but your pensions are double , triple compared to ours . 
  question : what are the living costs in greece ? 
  well expect to be treated the same way when you are old and on your death bed . 
  you seem to forget that our politicians are just as corupt as the ones a decade or two ago . 
  it 's just that they are corupted by the `` good '' side , with german , french and other companies buying them . 
  so we would require to get rid of them if we ever wanted to leave . 
  which would fix the whole carrot on a stick problem . 
  here is the thing i am not against economical cooperation between european states . 
  i am against the eu which is a economical and political union between european states . 
  except you ca n't . 
  i can understand your point on my natality argument . 
  but it does n't work for my point about higher education women not having childern in a larger percentage than lower education women . 
  also a thing to note same thing with higher education , and iirc high iq as well lead to a higher percentage of men also chosing not to have children . 
  can you stop sigh-ing long enough to explain how it is wrong on so many levels ? 
  can you read . 
  apparently not that well . 
  higher education women are less likely to have children ( as in any ) . 
  and a career normally requires higher education , though not always . 
  one can put the two together and realise that pregnancy is not a valid reason for the disparity . 
  romania should leave eu . 
  calling it blue warsaw pact is more do to it sounding better than caer . 
  nato is actually good for the countries as it is a proper cooperation between members . 
  but what if the public choses to organise under companies ? 
  romania should leave eu asap . 
  and so should everyone . 
  eu is nothing more than a blue painted warsaw pact . 
  less likely to have childern . 
  as in fewer high education women chose to have childern . 
  as in any children . 
  and other statistics show that when they do have children it is at a later age increasing the health risks of children . 
  it does matter if it is a parent or someone hired . 
  it is showed that spending time with a biological parent is better than someone hired for the childs development . 
  it totally is with natality rates going down the shitter to the point where germany is worse of than japan . 
  not to mention that higher education women are less likely to have children . 
  so how does pregnancy affect carers when they do n't get pregnant ? 
  romanian border with serbia is easily defendable . 
  though i am not sure the politicians will do anything , or if they will do it on time . 
  let 's see : union dominated by one member who bosses the others around , union full of corrupted politicians who sell their country , technically the union is a democratic cooperation partnership but the union also sanctions some of it 's members , bullies them or otherwise forces them to do the union 's bidding . 
  but hey at least the warsaw pact did n't have the euro . 
  i would rather just shoot myself , it 's quicker than letting bruxelles do it over decades of pain . 
  what if we do n't ? 
  eu even if it fixes the refugee crisis is still rotten to the core . 
  at this point eu is no better than the warsaw pact , actually it is worse in some cases . 
  what are their policies , proposals and stance on things ? 
  i keep hearing stuff about them yet not anything about their plans . 
  yes . 
  a warning shot is a warning . 
  if you fail to heed that then prepare to face the consequences . 
  heck a meer decade ago people where shot by border guards if they attempted crossing illegally , as that was the law and the norm but aparently that does n't apply to migrants . 
  i remember that like 10 years ago someone got shot and killed trying to cross the romanian hungarian border . 
  and i also remember that the border guards where in the right , seen as in the right and portrayed as such , not like much attention was brought on that since it 's just normal . 
  but i bet you we will see all western media calling bulgaria a nazi hell hole with waffen ss borderguards . 
  that is a corporation not a person . 
  the pentagon one makes sense , most of the other ones are neutral . 
  but the higher taxes on oil , coal and gas will lead to higher prices punching the automotive industry and electrical industry in the nose driving their prices up , meaning that less people will be abel to work do to transit costs . 
  not to mention those companies will move to russia or saudi arabia or other new drilling and mining sites leading to the us being dependent on them or having to pay a lot to stay independent . 
  also he has no solution for the massive spending . 
  minus the pentagon one . 
  prove it . 
  all i see with him is this : `` free healthcare , free education , tax the rich and use the money to pay for guvernament funded jobs , pay off the student loans . '', 
  all short term things that will increase guvernament spending and debt . 
  tell me has he even ever mentioned guvernament spending and debt ? 
  yes . 
  because they are just buzz words . 
  no actual plans or addressing the real problems like guvernament debt and overspending , heck with guvernament suported jobs he wants to make he will make that problem worse . 
  his plan is more taxes , more spending so therfore indireclty more guvernament . 
  which is the last thing us needs .
