  80 percent of the buildings in bucharest are not going to survive a quake . 
  meanwhile experts say we are due a 8.0 quake on the richter scale . 
  we need to think of our safety more . 
  nah , it 's ok . we are thicker skin than we appear . 
  first off . 
  i am not a native english speaker . 
  so yes i was incorrect in my use of sentience . 
  but my point still stands though it 's not sentience but the ability to reason , as well as other things like the ability to understand that not everyone knows what you knows , developed in humans at the age of 4-5 iirc . 
  secondly your point of view is easy to understand . 
  just because people do n't agree to it does n't mean they are dumb . 
  understanding is not agreement . 
  so stop being so high and mighty and learn to take a joke . 
  i never said that they are equal to bricks . 
  but tell me can a cow direct an orchestra . 
  sure there are many fuzzy lines that need to be drawn . 
  same have to be drawn for humans as well , prime example is abortion . 
  i never said this was easy to do . 
  but one good thinking exercise is : what if we met a sentien alien specie . 
  would it be right for us to exploit them , harm them , even kill them or even more extreme eat them ? 
  and i think most people will say no to all of it . 
  but a dog or cow are not sentient , if i stop giving a dog food it will stop following me . 
  also one can tame a dog or cow or what ever but you ca n't tame a sentient being like a human , you can train and teach a human but you do n't tame him . 
  when a dog attacks you it is because he acts on instict , he does n't rationalize , he does n't think what he is doing is wrong . 
  just like a tornado does n't think about the houses it recks . 
  they are just another part of nature . 
  but at the same time i do n't think we should hurt them just to hurt them , and a farm animal should be not made to suffer uselessly . 
  but i belive that we should use them for the betterment of our species . 
  and trust me . 
  i understand your point of view . 
  i truly do . 
  i do n't agree . 
  i do n't and i stated why , you say that i have hidden my real reson . 
  but i have not . 
  what real reason would i have besides thinking that they are just another element of nature also there is a more self centered argument that i do have . 
  if for our own progress we have to endanger or harm the other . 
  as in other species . 
  then in my opinion it 's a given . 
  my argument lies in the previous two statements . 
  animals lack our capacity for reason therefore they are just another aspect of nature . 
  just another piece in the matrix like wind or water or the sun . 
  so we should use them for the betterment of our species , animals might feel pain , but only a few species feel sorrow , few of them make plans fewer still use tools , i would say that killing a simple chicken or cow for food is more than reasonable , so is taming and using the resources they provide . 
  it 's like building a windfarm . 
  another way to look at it is from an economical way of reason . 
  a farmer invests time and resources to provide the cow with food , shelter , safety and care , the cow recives those and in exchange it provides milk or meat or leather . 
  while if left alone the cow will have to graze , defend it 's self and care for it 's self . 
  i live in god dam rural romania and i can tell you that most city kids only see a cow if they have relatives in the countryside . 
  i can remember a distant relative from germany only saw a donkey once he got here . 
  and he was like 12 . 
  yes i do feel like we got somewhere . 
  i understand where you are coming from , yet you did n't change my mind , and i still think mister piggy belongs in the frying pan . 
  and about hypothetical questions like would you do this or that in that situation are valuable . 
  because i am asking how much is your principle worth , some discomfort or your own life . 
  sure this does not counter the ethical point but it puts it in a perspective . 
  example is stealing is wrong , but starving might make you not think about it for a while but some people would rather die than steal . 
  since this is getting more in detail and maybe more personal . 
  but why should we not kill animals and treat them like humans , when they are not the `` same '' as us , compare a bug to a chicken to an elephant to a man . 
  those have different mental and emotional capabilities . 
  i mean the lion does n't question if it is ethical to kill the gazele , because it ca n't comprehend but we can . 
  so do the animals that ca n't comprehend that deserve such well treatment , and if nature does n't care why should we ? 
  and another question is : what is more important stopping suffering or death . 
  if an animal has a broken leg , it can live but it will forever suffer , do we put it down or let it suffer ? 
  and another little question . 
  if push comes to shove and it 's either you die or you hunt what do you chose ? 
  here is another point , might be more empirical but here it goes . 
  how about hunting . 
  it 's not done just for food , now it 's done for conservation and preservation purpose mostly . 
  like removing invasive species , keeping the ratio of predator to pray in check and so on . 
  what is the vegan stance on that ? 
  also on the pig argument . 
  if the pig dies naturally , ca n't it 's meat be eaten ? 
  that is on an industrial level . 
  imagine small farms , those do n't have the same practicies and techniques . 
  and one animal that does n't suffer , or should n't if properly kept are pigs . 
  also about a degree of suffering is always there : what about pets . 
  can a vegan have pets . 
  also why limit it to animals , it has been shown that certain plants can feel pain , would those also be included in vegan mantra ( i guess ? ), 
  fair enough on the whole empirical vs ethical . 
  i will still argue that a supplement industry for 7 billion people will cost a fuck ton . 
  but here is another point . 
  the whole vegan ethical idea is to reduce animal suffering by removing animal products because they are made with suffering . 
  but does animal husbandry really make the animal suffer ? 
  a cow that is fed , sheltered , cared for even loved , does it really suffer when it is milked , even if it does n't feel pain ? 
  most of the species that provide us with meat and other products have been bred to a point where without us they would die off . 
  like cows for example , which can not even give birth without human aid . 
  so if demand dissappears so will those species . 
  that is just if they can be removed . 
  the costs to provide everyone with substitutes and supplements for protein and vitamins found in meat , eggs and milk would cost a lot more than the animal production costs right now , cause a whole new industry would have to be made . 
  there are also other points like vegan farming using more artificial fertiliser , the fact that nearly everything we have is somehow related to animal products and so on . 
  not really . 
  not if you start looking at it more in depth . 
  well l what do you expect . 
  i think that over 80 percent of children nowadays never have seen a cow with their own eyes . 
  i do n't think even 5 percent of people under 20 have seen how an animal is slaughtered . 
  same for orthodox . 
  not like you need bread . 
  i only ever eat bread because of sandwiches , and if possible i would cut that out as well but the daily commute makes it hard . 
  also never learn how a sausage is made . 
  hint : it involves intestines . 
  so tl ; dr : sweden is screwed for obvious and not so obvious reasons . 
  `` they made their choice '' no they did n't .
