  not to mention the whole tax the rich is a bit silly when they pay their taxes and pay a larger percentage of the total taxes than the poor . 
  taxes up the arse totally wo n't lead to people leaving ... it 's not like scandinavian countries lack small businesses , have ridiculously high cost of living , and the guvernament still having to take loans despite all of that . 
  i do n't see any mexicans in this statement , where do you ? 
  it talks about germans , syrians , merkel and the gulf countries . 
  no mexicans there . 
  you disagree , better say dismiss his curent statement/argument based on previous ones that are not related . 
  heck you even call his perfectly ok statement xenophobic garbage without any proof of that . 
  yeah i feel like most of it is just preaching to the choir . 
  reddit is dominated by 16 to 24 year old socialists and liberals , and so is most social media . 
  a lot of his campaign online is just spouting buzz words and frazes like : `` healthcare ! '', 
  `` tax the rich !!! '', 
  `` minimum wage '', 
  the guy is a socialist . 
  i would n't trust him with a nation like the us in a million years . 
  socialism and big countries do n't mix . 
  especially when he is more woried about increasing taxes and eliminating loop holes rather than just reducing spending . 
  `` xenophobic garbage '' can you point out what part of what he said is xenophobic ? 
  that man might be a carrot and says a lot of stupid things but this ai n't xenophobic . 
  at not any point does his statement show senseless fear or disgust towards a foreign group . 
  where do you see the xenophobic garbage ? 
  alcohol does n't really expire . 
  beer or wine might get bad but even that if stored properly can last centuries . 
  if you think that serbia 's own war crimes diminishes the pain caused to the victims by these war crimes and that it allows people to completely dismiss the suffering caused by them because `` oh look the other side has done more ! '', 
  then you are indirectly creating excuses for these sort of actions by using a flawed logic . 
  the same logic that excuses the allies from their crimes in ww2 . 
  just because one side hurt more innocents does n't mean the other side has done nothing and that the innocents in the enemy nation did n't suffer . 
  in op 's post : war crimes committed against serbs . 
  not in op 's post : `` serbia did n't commit any crimes !!! '', 
  your capacity for reading : sub par, 
  it 's moldova where fully automatic ak-47 assasinations are still a thing . 
  if people call romania a corupt shit hole , moldova is ten times worse . 
  no that wo n't happen . 
  in latest pols romania and russia where nearly equal in percentage oposed to gay marriage . 
  and romania has no anti gay propaganda . 
  translated into english : germany yells at cloud . 
  booze lots of booze and it 's cheap !!, 
  romania took greek refugees during their political turmoil in the 50s and 60s . 
  under communism and after a disastrous war . 
  we also took ukrainian refugees in the past year . 
  and have taken some political asylum seekers in the past decades . 
  but not millions of them . 
  we took a thousand at most . 
  because we know that there is a limit to our capabilities . 
  and also we made sure that the people we helped , needed help and where not scaming us . 
  thank you for a proper article . 
  as for the risk . 
  is it just inhaling smoke from a smoker at close proximity or is there an actual distance limit ? 
  that article is bs . 
  it does n't explain how 2nd hand smoke kills . 
  only that it does and here are the numbers . 
  if actual smoking takes decades to kill how does 2nd hand smoking kill ? 
  most of it is useless anyway . 
  it 's a desert after all . 
  requirements are in percentage of gdp not set value . 
  and considering the fact that eastern european armies are more competent in military exercises , and are procuring more weapons . 
  germany spends 1.4 romania spends 1.6 poland spends 2.1 estonia spends 2.0 greece spends 7.0 eastern europe spends a lot more than central europe . 
  us actually spends a lot on healthcare . 
  problem is the costs are still high and service is still shit . 
  as for the army thing . 
  us kinda has to spend the most since nations like germany do n't even bother to respect the agreements they made as part of nato and actually have a proper military . 
  market logic if it is more expensive than people are willing to pay you are either going to lower prices or make no money since people wo n't buy your product if they ca n't . 
  paris is also nuts . 
  this site has a decent comparation rate . 
  sadly no cost of living and commodities comparation https://www.ifitweremyhome.com and it shows that costs for healthcare , oil and electricity are ussuwlly higher than the income increase . 
  but norway is not as bad as france . 
  disposable income is relative to prices . 
  stuff is a lot cheaper here than there . 
  that study compares some of the factors that affect happiness . 
  not an actual poll or study on how happy people are . 
  for example western nations have a bigger class desparity , have higher std infection rates , have higher taxes , higher divorce rates . 
  so on and so forth . 
  except someone still pays the full cost . 
  in this case the guvernament using tax payer money . 
  all the power to the riot police . 
  a few busted knees will calm down even the most violent dumbass that decides that loosing a game is justification for a fucking riot . 
  shhhh !, 
  i reject your reality and replace it with my own . 
  joking aside we are one of the nations that consume the most beer ( might have been wine so correct me if i am wrong ) and one of the largest alcohol consuming nations . 
  and also a relatively happy nation . 
  happier than germany iirc . 
  cheep booze makes people happy . 
  happy people are peaceful people . 
  also we do n't have taxes up our arse like norway . 
  a beer there costs 10 euros , while here it costs 0.5 euro . 
  how can people live there ? 
  no no no ... you forget that poc in africa had a beautiful tolerant culture until white men came in and ruined everything . 
  economy , money and war are all evil cis white men inventions to opress poc . / s shit posting aside . 
  most of africa 's economies are growing if not booming . 
  and people keep saying that the west is draining their natural resources . 
  forgetting that for oil trade as an example it needs to be refined , while africa has no refineries so they just sell off the oil to companies that can refine it . 
  more like germany and german companies are and have been bribing officials around here . 
  from an economical point of view getting out is the best idea , and so is from a national point of view . 
  sadly the politicians are bought . 
  we do n't linch them , and abortions have been legal for a long time . 
  but we still find gay marriage and abortions moraly wrong . 
  for some obvious reasons the west likes to forget or mock us for having them . 
  cause germany totaly does n't have the most powerful blackmail in europe . 
  the euro . 
  all the nations that voted no have their own curency and polands guvernament went against their people . 
  russia is not accepting thousands upon thousands of refugees and has actually commented on how stupid germany is with the issue .
