do n't give stupid people stupid ideas . 
  its right around christmas so pig is getting expensive already , we do n't need them throwing pork on a field . 
  danube , charpatians and the worse transport system in europe . 
  we are fine . 
  we are already at full refugee capacity of 1500 . 
  but we are lucky enough to have natural borders . 
  only border issue i see is the banat area where neither the danube nor the charpatians act as a border and the migrants will use to go into hungary . 
  but hungary is building a fence . 
  b yes they are . 
  and gasoline is n't it needs to vaporize to produce a fireball , it is flammable but not explosive . 
  c minority ? 
  i am sorry but most goods in europe are delivered via trucks . 
  not to mention the same problem that plagues trucks also plagues long range travel . 
  for short range you do n't even need cars , we still use them though we should n't , we should use public transport . 
  using electric cars to replace petrol city cars is trying to fix the symptom not the cause . 
  a no it is n't . 
  you need to mine lithium for 1 billion vehicles . 
  think of that . 
  not to add manufacturing , other resources and such . 
  a tesla costs as much as a truck or a fancy 4 door saloon or a sports car . 
  b no petrol is not prone to explode , and diesel does n't even burn unless under special conditions . 
  you are using hollywood car crash kaboom logic . 
  c so you do n't even have an idea how to address the most important part of automobile technology . 
  transportation . 
  you still have n't proven me wrong on the following : a : cost . 
  not just actual money but also resource and energy cost . 
  b : safety . 
  a lithium battery is a lot more dangerous than a petrol or diesel tank . 
  c : range and refuel . 
  you say 380km 's , now factor in a large truck that has to transport goods from one side of europe to another . 
  a vehicle weighing multiple tons that has to get quickly to its destination and ca n't afford to wait 1 hour for each 3 hours of travel . 
  a battery must still be made , which requires mining lithium , and processing it which is fucking expensive . 
  costs go up . 
  most of the cost in an electrical car is the battery . 
  the engine is actually quite cheap . 
  define normal is it 100-200 km/h or is it 60 and the reason why tesla has such a performance is mostly in part do to it 's light weight . 
  and no i am not wrong . 
  you just refuse to acknowledge that you are wrong . 
  at what speed is 400-500km 's , at what tow weight ? 
  and apparently was just built last month . 
  one . 
  still a lot for just 100-200km 's and imagine the cost added to a transport company . 
  and for all over the world my arse . 
  there is none in my regional capital that has 250k people . 
  sorry if i am being skeptical of an idea that would cost trillion of euros . 
  you need special charging station . 
  cause a normal socket and power supply would take days to charge an electrical car . 
  now imagine you have to take a truck from rotterdam to warsaw . 
  can you afford to wait a day to charge after each 100-200 km 's ? 
  except electrical cars have the same problems with the only advantage is acceleration . 
  costs are similar , infrastructure is as lacking as electrical cars . 
  but have advantage of being closer to petrol . 
  for example they do n't take hours to charge up . 
  just a simple refuel . 
  making 1 billion electrical cars . 
  which use lithium batteries only used in laptops before on a major scale . 
  sure you can totally recycle the 2 billion acid batteries from petrol cars to make electrical cars . 
  not to mention if a lithium battery is pierced it will have a thermal reaction which produces a lot of heat making it a potential danger in an accident . 
  do you even realize the costs we are talking about just for the cars let alone the infrastructure ? 
  the lithium must be mined , and processed , so is the gold and silver used in circuitry . 
  and ore mining are refining is more difficult than oil as it requires explosives , refining agents and metallurgies , deforestation and so on and so forth as well as lots of energy . 
  not to mention the electricity for the cars might be made by coal fire power plants . 
  i am not referring to cost in money but cost in resources . 
  electrical cars are simply not viable . 
  saying we need electrical cars is like saying we need to stop using paper and just use computers to help the environment . 
  global warming period it 's self will be short . 
  what will happen is an ice age which will destroy northern and central europe . 
  part of the solution my arse . 
  electrical cars do n't work . 
  they cost to much resources to make and have to low autonomy . 
  we need hydrogen cars , but those are still costly do to requiring platinum . 
  from what i understand this change is anyway supposed to happen , yes our pollution ai n't helping , but this is inevitable . 
  plus there is n't much we can do as alternatives to petrol/diesel do n't exist . 
  and no a 50,000 euro tesla is n't an alternative . 
  more like 1000 . 
  the balkans have nearly always been like this since rome fell . 
  why ? 
  if it gets to expensive for russia they will eventually pull back the 4th army . 
  which would mean unification might actually be possible . 
  now someone tell me where the magical jobs for the migrants are now that one of the german industrial behemoths is getting into trouble . 
  this is a very rich state with a lot of money and influence not god dam north korea . 
  no they are not trolling . 
  not necessarily destabilise but cia is know to have bad secret ops on our teritory in the past . 
  even a base . 
  and cia is known to not take the smartest decisions . 
  look at the soviet-afgan war or mk-ultra . 
  well the cia part is true . 
  and a lot of terorists can sneak across the border with the refugees . 
  not to mention the way saudi arabia is acting with no refugees but we will build mosques for them in germany policy raises a fuck ton of suspicion . 
  we have a liberal president and a socialist party as the majority in parliment . 
  muh far reich neon nazi party iz totally taking over !!, 
  we had more effect than you . 
  its not like romania has sent troops to nearly all nato operations and will send up to 10 000 troops to afghanistan while the french do nothing . 
  sports hooligans have been since ancient history both voices of the working class , political activists and political tools . 
  look at the byzantine empire . 
  `` dying for gods and lines on maps that mean nothing anymore '' sure ... 
  it 's not like mere 70 years ago millions where fighting for `` useless '' lines on a map . 
  heck 20 years ago the same was happening in the balkans . 
  and you just calling national borders which separate cultures , religions , doctrines , political views and many other aspects useless then you need to wake up from the 1st world `` everything is a social construct '' view . 
  for as long as humanity existed there has n't a single year of peace .
