  after that everything went in radio silence mode as the dna began their investigation frenzy . 
  most of the major ones . 
  marx is not as bad as people drooling over che guevara , lenin and stalin . 
  most people who wanted to emigrate did so in 2007-10 period . 
  the rest might just go and work in western europe for a few years and come back or you just get the small percentage of people who want to go out of the country . 
  according to our latest data 0.13 percent is the emigration percentage per year that is roughly 24,000 people in 2006 . 
  but not all were headed for western europe and numbers went down . 
  the news do n't even bother covering it . 
  and our president and government said we will take in ~ 1600 refugees into our asylum centers . 
  which we did . 
  the rest of 4000 is probably not refugees but just immigrants . 
  because a large number of algerians and moroccans came in before the crisis began , roughly 1000 . 
  add to it people from central africa , se asia and far east europe and you end up with 5000 . 
  which is less than 0,03 percent of our populous . 
  that is a bad thing for any government or competent state . 
  you want as little divides between the populous as possible . 
  our news channels are to busy reporting the daily car accidents and murders as well as having a 2 week long focus on a guy who married 2 women . 
  why are there so many algerians coming to romania ? 
  like 600 of them came here . 
  that where not the requirements for getting in the us in the late 1800 . 
  you only needed to be desiease free and able . 
  that changed in the 60s once stuff like the welfare became a thing in the us . 
  so us should tell 75 percent of their populous to fuck off ? 
  people always strive for a better living . 
  some will try to work hard at home for it others will seak it abroad . 
  does n't mean either wo n't work for it . 
  think of the us before ww1 . 
  not all the people there stayed in the us some went back . 
  only problem i see is people leaching of welfare . 
  a way to stop it is making it so only citizens that pay taxes recieve it . 
  here is the thing a lot of people who move to a different country do so for money . 
  and once they earn enough they will go back to their native nation . 
  `` weapon programs worked great '' sure they did with the lack of radios , poor aircraft technology to the point where they bought the engine for the mig-15 from uk by promissing them no to use it on war planes . 
  just look at how stalin treated his aircraft designers . 
  by sending them to research prison . 
  problem with r european is not the concept or the staff . 
  the idea is simple . 
  free speech with no or hardly any moderation . 
  the problem is that a lot of people ca n't voice their opinion in places without that policy will turn to places like r european to voice their opinions . 
  anonymity further compounds that . 
  and currently conspiracy theorists , ultra nationalists , actual nationalist socialists and so are the ones that are normaly silenced so they will make up a large percentage of free speech forums . 
  if we went back to us during the red scare and somehow got the internet there the opposite type of people will turn to those forums ( marxists , communists and etc ) i go there to see some news bits that are never reported here . 
  but discussion will always end up with someone saying some stupid theory about something unrelated . 
  also that subreddit was so god dam germanophilic it was ridiculous up until the refugee crisis . 
  remember last time you did that russia . 
  you ended up with the worse air force in ww2 . 
  crowd mentality . 
  the more people there are the more people think `` someone else '' will do something . 
  why ca n't i chose both beer and wine ? 
  my transylvanian heritage demands both . 
  and blood !!, 
  depends where in europe you are asking . 
  cause i can tell you bosnian muslims are looked down upon in certain parts of the balkans . 
  also most rational people who have a problem with muslims or islam ussually have it against muslims who are against separation of church and state , or who wish for sharia law , or that legitimise revenge or honor kills . 
  something i can say that the tartars and turk muslims in my country are very much against . 
  while polls and studies on imigrant muslims have a large percentage for sharia law . 
  iirc 40 percent for one uk poll . 
  so i would n't really call those people biggots just cautious . 
  let 's see . 
  muslim native populations are in : bosnia , saudi arabia , indonesia , nigeria . 
  is the native population the same race in all those nations ? 
  so explain me how muslims are all the same race . 
  next you will tell me that black christian preachers in the us are of the race christian . 
  islam is not a race . 
  so racism is not the correct term in your statement . 
  also islamophobia is a silly term , i never heard of hinduphobia or conficiuphobia or christianophobia . 
  what is so good about multiculturalism ? 
  you are willingly creating divides between the population , sure when you have economic growth and no war for a while it wo n't have any major visible effects . 
  but as soon as shit hits the fan you will end up with a major population of traitors , turncoats , dissenters or just people who want to do nothing to help the nation . 
  and that is during a war , during economic disasters you will end up with populations rebelling , fighting each other and a high chance of foreign intervention against your sovrenty and risk of civil war . 
  you want an example of that ? 
  look at syria and iraq . 
  syrians , kurds , iraqi , yadzi , shia , sunni , christians forced in the same nation with only dictatorships keeping it from going kaboom . 
  end result : two giant messes of civil wars . 
  the talks about eu started in the mid 90s . 
  and even in the 2000s they demanded privatisation . 
  except that prices are lower here for most things . 
  even certain imports . 
  due to simple market logic . 
  eu did n't do anything of much relevance . 
  because of eu we got : massive brain drain , population loss , capital being bought by foreign companies , we completely lost all communist industry in the forced privatisation not to mention a third of a trillion in that period do to coruption , selling short or just things going missing . 
  and for what ? 
  some random eu funds that nobody takes do to all the red tape around it , a new border system that we overpayed for , and becoming the laughing stock of western europe ? 
  i do n't understand why people praise the west so much . 
  yes you can earn twice or three times as much but you pay 10 times as much for living , taxes , healthcare and energy in a country like norway or france . 
  i as a fellow skeptic . 
  ( though never a federalist as personally it 's a dumb idea to give up sovrenty i rather prefer just simple cooperation . ), 
  feel similar . 
  though not sure on the whole right/far right since our nationalist party just took a blow , and the democrats are corupt . 
  but i agree on the whole boycott of german french and dutch products . 
  also you should add something about brain drain and how our government is paying for education for doctors , lawyers and engineers that just work abroad . 
  i personally will join the armed forces and stay in romania . 
  the army measures 50,000 men . 
  10,000 of them are in some random third world country nobody cares about . 
  the rest are in the country . 
  the police is actually not that high in percentage . 
  but technically do to the high competition we should have more competent police . 
  anyhow i would give them like 20,000 spare or even 30-40 000 if they start bringing the town guards ( politia comunitara ) the serbian border is easily defendable . 
  half of it is the danube followed by mountains . 
  a decent percentage is swamp lands .
