  it has always been a us versus them situation . 
  the cold war and its end has n't changed that . 
  war is normal and inevitable . 
  and if you want to send women as soldiers than you have no idea how a nation or the army functions . 
  because men are expendable . 
  from a pure strategical level a population can recover if half the men die , not if half the women . 
  men are expected to be the soldiers for about 12,000 years of human history . 
  and that wo n't change , nor should it . 
  and its not like european soliders are getting killed there protecting their country from the taliban . 
  romania has and is going to send more troops there to stabilise the nation while countries such as uk have been pulling their troops out . 
  though afghanistan is by no means safe it is a lot safer than iraq do to the presence of a large coalition army bringing stability to the region . 
  it will take decades if not a century for the country to stabilise but it will happen . 
  just give it time . 
  also on the topic of refugees do you think that during the past 2 decades that europe has n't accepted any refugees or asylum seekers ? 
  cause they have but rather than taking millions they took ussually a small ammount . 
  around half the capability . 
  and it worked . 
  shoot the legs , taze him . 
  shooting him in the face is not the only option . 
  and remembering how our police works . 
  first they fire in the air , then the ground , then the legs and finally center mass . 
  cause you know serbia is totally in the eu and member of schengen and syrians are totally eu citizens . 
  close down borders and if germany wants the refugees it should manage the transportation from serbia to germany not just force hungary to fuck up its transport and police departments because germany wants to destroy it 's self . 
  cause it would make nations dependent on eu not independent . 
  it would be a bitch to manage . 
  countries like germany which spend nothing on military would gain it for free for not doing shit . 
  and i am joining the military to fight and risk death for my country not for germany not for brussels and not for eu . 
  if you are such a smart ass , know it all , comedian . 
  why do n't you tell me what his responsibilities and powers are . 
  and what do you want us to do with them ? 
  since the communist regime the government has tried to integrate them and they failed . 
  and now if we attempt anything eu countries like sweden yell at their top of their lungs : : `` racism !!! '', 
  no i did n't . 
  he has to give the last word on laws and he has yet to give it for the anti legionary law . 
  how about speaking with the people on more matters than getting rid of the prime minister . 
  for example we still have n't heard from him what will he do with the anti-legionary ( a law that goes against our constitution may i add ) will he let it pass or not . 
  i hope he does n't . 
  our president actually has duties . 
  we are a [ mix ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/semi-presidential_system ) of presidential and parlamentary republic . 
  so both the president and prime minister have duties . 
  not to mention he has n't done shit at home since he has been elected . 
  the president did something ? 
  wow in all seriousness i am surprised he agrees with the prime minister . 
  not really . 
  hungary is n't , slovakia is n't , poland is n't , estonia is n't , czech are n't and dissent is growing everywhere even in germany . 
  no we are not happy to take them , why the heck should we even . 
  its not our fault . 
  its us ' s falt and they take none . 
  there is not fucking way we can take 4000 when we only have 1500 spots available . 
  all of them are corrupt or incompetent . 
  so i guess i will see who is the less . 
  as for actual policies : stop being a ger/eu/us puppet , fix the bloody infrastructure , make new infrastructure , and do something about the brain drain . 
  [ treceti batalioane romane carpati ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z1ex1vegirq ) romanian battalions cross the carpathians [ drum bun toba bate ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=arzoir24omc ) fair well , the drum beats [ pui de lei ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ltbn1nivlnw ) lion cubs [ t\u0103ticul meu e la r\u0103zboi ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=50txyycygi8 ) my father is at war [ canta cucu-n bucovina ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f-wcmfgdmow ) the bird sings in bucovina [ cantec de catanie ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5zhep0jbvue ) conscription song, 
  and also hated by a large chunk of the catholic church as he is doing stuff not that catholic . 
  oh god the socialism in your post is dripping . 
  you also know that a lot of europeans live in poverty already , who also need help . 
  why are the refugees special . 
  yeah they gathered in oradea and took busses to budapest from there . 
  no they will create xenophobes as the immigrants will destroy the economy and people will look for scapegoats . 
  `` oh grenade attacks happen but other than that its a safe city '' i get your point but that is my first reaction to your post . 
  seriously even moldova does n't have that , they use assault rifles . 
  well fall of comunism , caroll ii was an idiot , 1848 revolution , muh vlad tepes , mircea the old , stephen the great , michael the brave and iancu de hunedoara , inter war period , communist period . 
  in malmo grenade related crimes are a norm ... 
  so yeah in sweden it 's already there . 
  sure ... with all that automation technology we are developing , time and resources required to train the immigrants being larger than for a native you sure will get more jobs ... 
  worse case scenario : civil war best case scenario : people wake up and realize what they are doing is not only stupid but it 's destroying europe in the long run and their own nations . 
  considering that most of the hardship that befell our country and all of eastern europe is do to ww1 and the utter failure of the entente to save russia and stabilize germany , we are here not because of eu and western europe but despite all their failings we are still here . 
  we where once a great kingdom brought down to ruin by a bad king , treachery and incompetence of our allies . 
  and after that we ended up as a communist tyrannical state , yet with a better economy then in the 90s . 
  explain that to me . 
  damascus , safe capital under syrian government control . 
  why would they flee and why would they even be allowed ? 
  these countries survived for 100 years without eu . 
  then when communism fell the 90 's killed them with the forced and speedy privatization which led to massive corruption and poverty which was caused by eu and it 's requirements for acceptance . 
  then eu complains about corruption and poverty in the east . 
  i am pretty sure they could manage fine if the eu-pupets for governments would be removed . 
  how would we be fucked exactly ? 
  and no russia is not a valid answer . 
  which is a good thing . 
  it 's not showing war as awesome it 's showing that tanks are fucking awesome . 
  not all of them are tanks , or ww2 or even real . 
  except it would happen after a war . 
  no not colonialism . 
  what happened to italy during 1945 was not colonialism , what happen to japan after 1945 was not colonialism . 
  hitler and stalin where also human . 
  so are serial killers . 
  edginess aside . 
  just because they are human it wo n't make the fact that europe 's increasing unemployment and rising violence and crime are in part do to the migrant crisis . 
  also part of the refugees are economical ones , seeking welfare . 
  i for one do n't mind people migrating from one country to another as long as they are willing to work and adapt so they become a driving force of the country , not a dragging one . 
  but currently all that i am seeing shows me that a large portion of these refugees are n't fleeing from danger but rather going for wealth , which is respectable except they do n't want to adapt and change . 
  depends what you mean by invasion . 
  a quick 1 year one wo n't do shit . 
  a 100 years of building up stability with a standing force is the only way to stop the current mess . 
  but public opinion for such a thing is non existent . 
  any yes it does improve opinion . 
  or just go nord to uzbekistan . 
  1939 war begins , 1940 antonescu takes over power , 1941 we join the war , 1943 disaster as stalingrad , 1944 we switch sides , 1945 help liberate europe and the beginning of the installment of the communist regime . 
  fighting ? 
  in the main country as in wallachia and moldavia life back then was good , transylvania was given to the hungarians and we where and are pretty pissed about it .
