  the russian 4th army made sure of that . 
  basarabia and bucovina , the two romanian regions east of the prut river . 
  that is how they are known . 
  one could go further into semantics and split basarabia in two and also add the region of bugeac/budjak, 
  ca n't we just send the army there ? 
  i mean they have nothing much to do now besides preparing for the 1st of december , it 's not like the air force is ever going to be used on the 1st . 
  i would pay money for us to gtfo eu . 
  but that will never happen with our politicians on european companies payroll . 
  so the ukranian trigger word is civil war aparently . 
  and it triggers a large production of salt . 
  how the fuck do you want to call it then . 
  there is no openly declared war between ukraine and russia . 
  but the separatists want to join russia , have got some russian help . 
  yet at the same time this is not a purely russian controled movement . 
  so how should we call it . 
  the big complicated fuckery in ukraine ? 
  some is not being very ... civil, 
  what about the nations that joined before the lisbon treaty ? 
  uk is going to have a referendum over soon . 
  so we will find out what happens then with eu law . 
  and that is the bad thing . 
  why would it be the eu 's decision if something a nation has done is legal or not . 
  that is the decision of the people of that nation . 
  and if they let the guvernament ban that then they do n't really care or they are for it . 
  history does n't have a mandatory philosophy book that ends with : `` philosophy is useless '', 
  humanities do n't pay the bills . 
  exception is geography but depending on your nation that might not be considered part of the humanities . 
  nor do they teach you anything that relevant bar history , which you can learn on your own with ease , same with literature . 
  there is no good reason to get a humanities degree , bar university work . 
  i currently regret studying humanities in high school . 
  i ca n't even imagine university . 
  1 . and 2 . 
  we sent un forces , and where forced by us to embargo serbia . 
  which was more or less backstabbing serbia . 
  also we do n't recognize kosovo . 
  something happened there ? 
  4 . and 7 . 
  we have neutral to cordial relations with russia and if not for the eu imposed sanctions which fucked over out agricultural economy our relations might have even improved . 
  but we do n't really care much about the georgian situations other than condemning it as a breach of sovereignty but in reality we did n't care as we were not affected . 
  our only real quarrel with russia is transnistria and moldova , but so far it has been kept under the rug . 
  we sent a ship to the conflict . 
  as for the conflict it 's self . 
  our oil industry before the conflict had good deals with libya over crude oil import , with romania even helping libyan oil industry develop in the communist era . 
  so we were worse of because of that conflict as for other effects we got around 1000-2000 people back in the country . 
  none of the refugees or migrants want to come here , we have made accommodations for 1600 of them and evacuated our nationals from there . 
  the only direct effect is germany and sweden killing off eu , which considering their policies would have happened anyway at some point . 
  we only got 5000 people in romania this year . 
  that is refugees , migrants and just normal immigrants . 
  with a population of 20 mil , we do n't give a shit . 
  and the majority of migrants just see my country as a third world corrupt shithole where everyone is poor and stupid . 
  fictional bs my arse , do you even know the statistics ? 
  nobody is coming to romania and all the people in bulgaria and serbia just want to get to germany and sweden cause they are the ones who asked for it . 
  and from your own data you should know that we have 70k soliders , as well as 50k police , 30k local police and 15-20k riot police . 
  we have hard power , we do n't have to use it . 
  or maybe you should be more careful about what wars you start . 
  cause the ally part means you also have to take into consideration your allies opinions . 
  which us has n't for the past 60 years and then you wonder why everyone hates the us . 
  what problems in our neighbourhood ? 
  we have no disent or open conflict close enough to care . 
  ukraine is none of our buisness it 's just german intrest . 
  considering our land claims over ukraine it would make more sense to join on the russian side . 
  and the reason we sent those troops is because the coalition requested it . 
  as for syria . 
  we do n't care and have not much reason to . 
  we said no to the quotas and we will help the serbians and bulgarians close down the border . 
  and what did the us do during this period ? 
  oh yeah fund the rebels and start this god dam civil war . 
  and now you are blaming us for not having any boots on the ground . 
  speaking of that . 
  i do n't recall us ever sending troops to help the french in their african conflicts . 
  but france did sent help to lybia and afghanistan . 
  also speaking of boots on the ground . 
  romania is going to have up to 10,000 troops in afghanistan by 2020 . 
  not to mention that you guys left the corrupt and incompetent iraqi guvernament and army to fend for themselves , against the rebels you funded . 
  so what was that about boots on the ground ? 
  5 more weeks and it 's our turn . 
  where the fuck did you get the 0.5 number . 
  let me guess your arse . 
  highest eu nato spenders . 
  greece 7.7 , poland 2.2 , france 2.2 uk 2.1 estonia 2.0 . 
  romania 1.6 and going to go up to 2.0 . 
  germany is one of the lowest at 1.4 . 
  so 0.5 my arse . 
  also talking about budget how does the massive overspending on military equipment , development and the giant waste of resources going for you ? 
  remember : war harder !, 
  not smarter . 
  is n't hungary also your relative . 
  and if so can you take him back ? 
  when studying past events it is ussually good to asume that the people back then did n't have all the information we have in the future so people back then would n't expect the outcomes that resulted . 
  think of ww1 . 
  but currently politicians are just stupid . 
  cause we totally have no armies of our own and nato is just the us alone with the other nations just letting the supreme us overlord do his bidding on their land . 
  just because the politicians do n't want to use them because they might appear `` inhumane '' does n't mean we do n't have them . 
  a giant amount of ear cancer causing crap that you can bearly call music . 
  that is the main cultural export . 
  ceausescu is more complicated . 
  cause a lot of things indicate to him being nothing more than a public imagine to nothing more than a useful idiot . 
  especially considering how quickly his regime fell apart and how quickly a `` democratic '' one got installed . 
  i know that before this whole crisis 200-300 spots from the 1000 available asylum center spots where under use . 
  when it began our government decided to start making a few more buildings to increase capacity by about 600 , that was in the news before we said no to the quotas imposed by the eu .
