  and the current border is established . 
  the romanian army stays in hungary till 1923 . 
  in the meantime the fascist party builds up and once they leave they come to power . 
  the end . 
  not really . 
  they are some butthurt over it . 
  but transsilvania functioned as a semi independent voievodat ( duchy or small kingdom ) around 1400-1600 . 
  and during the 1848 revolution the romanians and even some saxsons in transsilvania fought against the hungarian rebels . 
  as well as multiple revolts in the area show that they do n't have a strong claim of the region . 
  no the occupation came because of the comunist that came to power began waging attacks on serbia polonia czechoslovakia and romania . 
  romanian army saw that and counter attacked . 
  they won and controlled hungary east of balaton till 1923 . 
  yes because of britain and france hungarian border with romania does n't start from the tisa . 
  the romanian army wanted the border to start from the tisa and if it was n't from foreign pressure the romanian army would have gotten that and to maintain their troops in hungary . 
  because they themselves do n't want it . 
  only a small minority in the poorest region wants autonomy but they got no suport . 
  have you actually been in transsilvania ? 
  hungarians get to study in hungarian , they do guvernament buisness in hungarian they can easily move to hungary and get citizenship they keep all their culture and traditions and do n't even have to speak romanian at any point . 
  but according to budapest we are using them as slaves or some shit like that . 
  and here is the kicker , only a small minority from one of the poorest regions in romania wants any kind of separation . 
  and it 's not to join hungary , it 's because they want autonomy . 
  this idea of us oppressing the hungarians it 's just some bs from budapest . 
  cause that is the only way to explain why the : serbs , poles , ukrainians and russians in romania do n't want any autonomy or being united with the `` motherland '' and are not oppressed . 
  nah the trick is to do it during winter . 
  they will never expect it . 
  we could always conquer them ... 
  not being [ depressed ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_suicide_rate ) over something also helps ... 
  then why is romania happier than france and as happy as germany ? 
  ca n't wait to see some belgian border guards try to stop contraband coming in from ukraine and moldova . 
  that is n't as insulting as us and uk ambassadors coming into our parlament and saying we are corupt and we should do something meanwhile lobbyists get payed millions and politicians receive millions as donations . 
  that is why i hate the greedy bastards in power that are just on the payroll of big companies . 
  if the eu is supposed to be democratic why can political parties and politicians receive money , why can companies sponsor politicians ? 
  f no . 
  why would anyone want to give up their independence to be ruled by belgium germany and france . 
  eu was supposed to be just an economical union initially then it turned political and with that you can already see disagreement and what harm it has done in some states , and i do n't want to imagine eu as a full on nation . 
  here in romania it is ilegal . 
  and people keep saying we are the most corrupt . 
  quite the irony when us and uk say it . 
  data is wrong , we have 200,000 gun owners . 
  as someone living in a country with less than 0.01 percent jews . 
  what is supposed to happen now that they are no longer here ? 
  in our generation war . 
  of civil , total or worse type is bound to happen . 
  people do n't realise that economies where cracking and failing before this crissis , while guvernaments where trying to keep it quiet . 
  now with this whole migrant crisis the whole system is bound to fail soon , leading to war in the near future . 
  and nobody in charge seems to want to change the status quo and stop this from happening . 
  so the next half a century will be fun fun fun . 
  i live in the mountains . 
  there is no way i can protest . 
  and how should the rest of the people impose themselves against you ? 
  go up there and punch you in the nose ? 
  this is mob rule not democratic rule no matter how you look at it . 
  i would say that one way to do it is start small , start with a few small communities , make them to send their kids to school one way or another . 
  eventually in a decade or two the effects will show , and in two more decades the thing will stabilize to the point where active enforcement will not be needed . 
  and then you move to the next community but this time it might be easier as some of them will start seeing the benefit of education and less force will be required . 
  and after three decades you move on to the next one , and the next one . 
  and eventually , in one or two centuries things will have changed . 
  problem with that idea is that it will cost a lot , it wo n't have immediate returns , it requires a lot of long term planing , it builds up dissent and it will be a thorn in foreign politics for a long time . 
  when the problem is in the magnitude of hundreds of thousands , there is an obvious reason why the police ca n't go around and force them . 
  when they are outnumbered 10 to 1 . 
  not to add that a lot of romas live in rural areas . 
  and also a decent percentage is migratory . 
  all of these put together give us a reason why we ca n't really force them . 
  our government added laws that if kids do n't go to school they loose their benefits , but that did n't have much of an effect . 
  i understand that we do n't really have solutions that we all agree on or that are flawless . 
  but i hope that we can have here a decent discussion on this topic . 
  after all , all human arguments done in a civil way will better all parties involved . 
  if you give a man a fish he will eat for a day and starve on the next . 
  if you teach him how to fish he will eat forever . 
  if we `` help '' them , we do n't really help them , yes we should never let anyone die of starvation or hypothermia , and anyone can end up in rough times . 
  but if the only reason they will be above poverty is because of outside help , and as soon as it is gone they will become poor again then at most what we did is prevent the inevitable . 
  what we should do is make sure the kids get educated so they do n't en up in the same situation . 
  we like to think that the only reason people end up in such a state is because of bad luck . 
  but that is far from the truth . 
  same thing also applies for crime . 
  and not just that over 90 percent of people that end up in jail will end up in there again . 
  but also because their parents where poor or connected to crime or their neighborhood or their friends . 
  so what we need to make sure is that the kids get out , because for the parents it 's probably too late . 
  so then explain why we should feel so bad about them , i only feel bad about the kids who will probably end up just like their parents . 
  i am not saying that you said i should feel bad . 
  but whenever poverty is brought up a lot of people immediately say that we should feel bad and that we should do something . 
  they had 2 kids plus the man has another from a failed marriage . 
  ok . people will hate me for this opinion . 
  but if you are so poor that you live in a mud hut . 
  why have kids , and three of them ? 
  and will they send their kids to school . 
  right now all of them are under 8 years old so they are too young , but will they actually send them to school ? 
  are there gon na be less or more than yesterday ? 
  and how is it going so far ? 
  is mister klaus still seen as some god and are they buying the pnl bs ? 
  would it be safe to move them this soon ? 
  nah that is just the saxons and their wanabe bunker houses and general way of being . 
  they are really shy and do n't want anyone to be able to see their houses insides . 
  the capital . 
  for obvious reasons . 
  bran or `` dracula 's '' castle . 
  it 's the worse one to visit , ussually crowded and not really that much to see there . 
  sighi\u015foara , alba iulia citadel and huniady castle in hunedoara are much more impressive and generally have more interesting things to see . 
  we hate vampires . 
  for obvious reasons .
