he wants to `` renegotiate '' the treaties and apply terms that he knows will never be accepted by all member states , and then use that as an excuse to call for a frexit referendum . 
  anyone with their eyes open can see this . 
  that 's your opinion . 
  i disagree with it since he never said anything that would make me think that . 
  it seems obvious to me that he really wants to negotiate and want to look as strong as possible during those talks . 
   however his strategy is to hide his true opinion with this `` renegotiation '' ruse to appear more moderate we ca n't have a discussion if you assume people thought based on your own projection instead of what those people say . 
   but if a considerable percentage of his voters are against leaving , he is really shooting himself in the foot . 
  it 's not the main aspect of his program ( far from it ) . 
  the main thing he will do is rebuild the constitution which should lead to new elections ( if there is still a president , which is likely ) . 
  he does n't really care about shooting himself in the foot , he has strong ideas and he will defend them , whatever happens . 
   an alliance with le pen also wo n't drive his popularity up . 
  that would never ever happen . 
   and which allies does he have on the european stage ? 
  i see him in a very weak position to be honest . 
  i 'm not so sure , but we will see . 
  i do n't think anyone would benefit from seeing france leave eu . 
  at some point , negotiations will need to happen in some way . 
  he will follow through with a referendum . 
  he 's going to do exactly as he says . 
  but there is no way anything is renegociated if he starts with `` i want to change this , but if we do n't then it 's ok we will happily stay '' . 
  then if there is a referendum it will be the french people choice to decide . 
  m\u00e9lenchon is not anti-eu . 
  he wants to renegotiate the treaties and the only way to do so is to threaten to leave . 
  i highly doubt french people would vote to leave the eu because a lot of m\u00e9lenchon voters ( myself included ) are strong defenders of staying in the eu . 
  we are not like the uk on that matter . 
  m\u00e9lenchon is extremely intelligent and has a very coherent and peaceful program . 
  i was against him at first because of his anti-eu position , but after listening a lot of him , it makes much more sense to me . 
  it 's a completely different approach than le pen who is filled with hate . 
   he is anti-eu and pro-russian it 's way more complicated than that . 
  he is pro-eu , but not in its current form . 
  he wants to renegotiate the treaties and threatening to leave the eu would weight a lot in the process . 
  his stance on eu and russia is completely different from le pen . 
  i 'm strongly pro-eu but m\u00e9lenchon position on the matter fits perfectly with my views . 
  and if there happens to be a referendum , i highly doubt we will leave . 
  i know uk said the same but i think we love eu way more than they did . 
  it 's mostly dissuasion so we can actually change the way the eu works . 
  the 50 's called , they want their opinions back . 
  i lived in sweden for a year and a half and i can say that duolingo helped me a lot to learn the language when i was there . 
  careful there , that looks dangerously close to a democracy . 
  that would be great too !, 
  any idea on how we would do that ? 
  ... what ? 
  sometimes i just wish we could let the young educated women rule the world ... 
  i feel like the world would be a more peaceful place . 
  climate change is quite an issue if you live on earth . 
  why ? 
  i 'm not dutch but i know many people that wo n't vote for the french election because they disagree with the electoral and democratic system and the very fact that we have to vote for someone to govern us . 
  it 's a bit more complex than that but the fact of voting validate the idea that these elections are good in themselves , which you can disagree with . 
  i 'm not saying that they are right , but not voting can be very well defended by a rational and political stance . 
  i did n't mean to go ad hominem and i 'm sorry for that . 
  it 's just that saying `` there will be more rapes '' is something that is true no matter what candidate wins , because rapes wo n't stop all of a sudden in any country . 
  unless you meant `` the frequency of rapes will increase '' , but this is something you have no way to know , and since most rape victims do n't even talk about it , there is no reliable statistics about the real number of rapes . 
  so overall it 's a pretty meaningless prediction , very provocative ( talking about rapes usually affect people in an emotional way ) , and pretty irrelevant to this thread and the comment you were answering to . 
  it 's the type of comments i see a lot on hateful subs like / r/t _ d ( but also many anti-trump subs , hate is on both sides ) and does n't really have its place on a serious political sub . 
  hence my comment , but i agree i did n't have to be aggressive with you . 
   show me where i said it would randomly vanish well your comment randomly vanished , so i ca n't . 
  it really depends on the opinion , some of them are even illegal to express , so a downvote can be legitimate . 
  also saying `` allez marine '' is not really an opinion . 
  i think it 's fair to downvote opinions when they bring nothing to a discussion or a thread , as it 's the case here . 
  edit : and enjoy your wine my friend , 
  i was too young to really feel pride unfortunately . 
  i hope we wo n't have to wait 14 years for the next time , 
  well she definitely plays a large role but voting the brexit is still the main reason for this . 
  lol, 
  this is officially the first time ever that i 'm proud of my president . 
  this is a strange feeling . 
  such an original joke . 
  he is really really * really * smart . 
  i think that 's a quality that translates on most subjects . 
  but if it works , if he manages to reduce unemployment and increase foreign investments in france , if he reduces poverty and weaken the fn , he will probably be the most liked president in the 5th republic . 
  it can really go both ways . 
   reducing legal powers of labor which is not at all what this law intends to do . 
  yes , macron stole all the votes from the left . 
  only far left is remaining . 
  now he 's starting to eat the right too . 
  soon it will be only the center and the extremes . 
  another poll from elabe done yesterday and today ( so more recent results ) gives : * em 33 % * lr 19 % * fn 19 % * fi 12 % * ps 6.5 % link : http://elabe.fr/les-elections-legislatives/, 
  poll done a week ago so not very interesting . 
  61 % of french people are happy about this government . 
  i repeat , 61 % of ** french people ** are happy about a political decision . 
  this is unreal . 
  that 's not true . 
  i vote for france insoumise but i have to agree that it 's well balanced and he put competent people in their domain of competence . 
  it 's not leaning towards right or left in my opinion . 
  at this rate of good decisions and his opponents shooting themselves in the foot every day , he can reach 40 % i think , maybe more . 
  he can steal 5-6 % from the right and another 3-4 % from the left ( hulot is a huge relief for people like me that like his program but were scared about ecology ) . 
  he 's president and banker at the same time ? 
  that 's actually impressive . 
  yes , definitely . 
  he 's not just very weird , he 's the weirdest person i 've ever talked to ( and i studied fundamental mathematics so i met a bunch a weird people ) . 
  but he is a genius , a real one , and he is able to compensate his lack of relational skills with great understanding of how things work . 
  definitely would n't be my friend , but probably a good deputy . 
  you can be sure that whatever he says and thinks is led by reason and logic , i do n't know if he ever felt a real emotion tho . 
  all my close friends and family that voted for m\u00e9lenchon in the first round ( me included ) are supporting en marche for the legislatives . 
  he has a very pragmatic approach that , in my opinion , goes beyond left and right classification . 
  what i want is a france united and optimist that goes in the right direction , and i think he represents that . 
  the fact that he is able to put his ideas into actions , listen to other people opinions and do compromises is more important to me than being liberal or protectionist . 
  it 's a different way to think politics , and i hope it will stay . 
  you can try to register for isis if you want that to happen . 
  it seems you would get along with each other .
