   educate people so you can achieve freedom next time . 
  thanks for the advice , i already educated you on what populist means so i guess i 'm on the right tracks , 
  obviously not , but those were the two choices we had in the second round of this election . 
  i did n't vote for neither of them in the first round , and i agree that liberalism is not the answer to all our problems . 
  f rip le pen and the fn, 
  it seems that we use different languages indeed . 
  in france we do n't call honest someone who lies 20 different times in a 2 hour debate . 
  also populist means you think the world is `` the people '' vs `` the elites '' which defines perfectly le pen . 
  i hope it 's more clear for you now , i know it 's not easy to understand another country election from the outside . 
  the problem with fascism is that it does n't even sound great . 
  it 's 3 in the morning and i do n't notice many riots . 
  you seem to know a lot about terrorist agenda ... 
  is poland like this place where everything is reversed and you have to say the opposite of what you mean ? 
  i 'll take your muslims if you take our fn voters . 
  deal ? 
  am french , can confirm everyone here is old and a male . 
  in the french political spectrum , fillon is more like far-right . 
  macron was centrist and m\u00e9lenchon was leftist . 
  hamon was the socialist party candidate . 
  but france is more leftist that usa so that may be why you 're confused . 
  you realize the populist lost , right ? 
  your comment does n't make sense . 
  depends who you ask obviously . 
  but the second round has the lowest turnout since 1969 and a lot of blank votes ( 12 % ) so yes , a lot of people believed that both choices were bad . 
  the main difference is that in our country the one that gets the most votes actually wins the election . 
  well it 's the french presidential election . 
  and it 's like trump had less votes than hillary and at the same time did n't become president . 
  so it 's pretty weird , what kind of democracy is that ? 
  rest in putintears \u2122 ? 
  i 'm literally dead right now . 
  oh no , what have we done . 
  at this rate , trump supporters and isis members will become best friends pretty soon . 
  you 're confused . 
  the candidate who wnated open borders was philippe poutou , a far left candidate that did 1.5 % on the first round . 
  i know it 's difficult to understand because we have actually different candidates in france , and the one with the most votes win ( it 's called a democracy , it 's pretty nice ) . 
  that 's a weird name for a candidate . 
  no i do n't think so . 
  but you seem to know a lot about sharia law so you tell me . 
  honestly , keep it in mind somewhere . 
  it would be a great club . 
  well we just elected the most pro-freedom of our candidates so we 're working on it , 
  different country . 
  but it 's ok , americans are known to be bad in geography . 
  the racist lost , the pro-european won . 
  it 's ok , even if 35 % seems high , she did less than expected . 
   while i did n't follow the election that closely , i do n't recall seeing anything about brown people being evil and scary . 
  well then believe those that followed it closely . 
  she is racist , xenophobic , antisemitic , sexist , anti-democratic and homophobic . 
  she also stole public money and tried to lie and use fake news to disrupt the elections . 
  le pen , she lost heavily . 
  yeah because terrorist attacks are the bright side right ? 
  it really feels like far right supporters and islamic terrorists have exactly the same goals . 
  maybe you should start a club or something , you have so much in common . 
  there are more salty american tears in this thread than immigrants in our country , and that 's not even close . 
  wow , macron only just got elected and tourism is already booming ? 
  he has n't even started yet !, 
   sad day for ~ ~ those who dreamt of a better future . ~ ~ racism , intolerance and hatred . 
  ftfy, 
  you seem to know a lot about this , we know you 're a fan . 
  thanks we will !, 
  i 'll try to wave at the camera for you if i 'm on the news , 
  well who does n't like a good old duggin ' ? 
  outdoor work is fun and healthy . 
  well yes they are , or maybe they did n't know who they voted for . 
  none of this . 
  le pen solutions were overly simplistic and inapplicable . 
  also terrorism is really not the only priority ( and i live in paris ) . 
  i did n't vote for him in the first round , but he is definitely a decent guy with principles . 
  and we also avoided the worse , so it feels pretty good . 
  the polls ( which were on point ) predicted an easy win for m\u00e9lenchon against marine . 
  her only chance was to face fillon . 
   more opportunities for raping , rioting & mutilating the genitalia of little kids in peace !, 
  great , i know what to do tomorrow !, 
  if the robots can be moved abroad , they are probably already there . 
  ... would be what happened if the tax was made in a very idiotic way . 
  well they definitely won in france . 
  macron was way closer to hollande politically than hamon . 
  everyone want to `` combatte climate change '' in europe . 
  the question is how much . 
  what are the stances on ecology for cdu , spd and die linke ? 
  ca n't they join with one of them ? 
  it seems like spd is close to our ps , which the green party joined in france ( and it failed , but m\u00e9lenchon had very similar views on environment issues ) . 
  they never led by more than 20 % . 
  honestly , there is not a chance she wins . 
  but there is a chance she gets 40 % , which would be already a sad result . 
  what do you mean ? 
  there is no real worry for them to win , but the fact that they get 22 % is pretty scary . 
  both . 
  legal migrants usually live in poor areas and they hate illegal migrants . 
  they are the ones that suffer the most from illegal immigration . 
  yes . 
  actually immigrants are the ones that vote fn the most . 
  it 's an interesting phenomenon . 
  no , immigration as a whole from those countries . 
  he is leading by 20 points , and after two weeks of racism and antisemitism , he will probably lead by 30-40 points . 
  do n't worry , we got this . 
  but most french people would be against that ( pretty much everyone that did n't vote for her ) . 
  but it 's still two rounds so fn should have very few seats ( they had 2 seats out of 577 in 2012 ) . 
  we wo n't have le pen , it 's almost certain since the electoral system is made to avoid such situation ( even if it 's still very much flawed ) . 
  the problem is that fillon is almost as bad and has a much bigger chance to win .
