  however , with britain not committing itself , germany and france ( and the other countries in nw europe ) do not have any choice than to partner with each other . 
  it 's ironical in the extreme that the reason why britain is hesitating about the eu is basically that they seem to feel left out in the cold with their vision on the eu , but other countries have no choice to follow france and germany if britain does n't commit itself to staying inside the eu . 
  and thus the rhineland economic model prevails on the mainland , and britain feels even more left out , and the vicious circle is closed ... 
  i agree with you . 
  the longer i think about it , the less i get why britain is prepared to lose ( a lot of ) influence in the world due to the fright of being influenced/forced into doing things the uk does n't want . 
  when you 're not part of the club , but still dependent on them , they decide for you , but without you . 
  i really do n't see how this will help the uk in the implementation of their economic and other policies . 
  if there is business logic for other commonwealth members to use the uk as the trading hub to and from the continent they would already have done so in a major way . 
  but there is n't really . 
  transport by ship : rotterdam , antwerp , bremen and hamburg handle the shipping from and to the mainland eu ( see : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_busiest_ports_in_europe ) . 
  valencia : 4.206 teu ( felixstowe is at place 6 with 3.400 teu . 
  the first five ports in the eu combined are 10 times the size of the largest uk port . 
  the trade with the commonwealth is n't really showing up , or is it ? ) . 
  by air : the busiest cargo airports in the eu are ( source : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/world%27s_busiest_airports_by_cargo_traffic ) : 1 . 
  charles de gaulle , paris , france , 2.4 megaton 2 . 
  frankfurt , germany , 2.3 megaton 3 . 
  heathrow , london , 1.5 megaton 4 . 
  schiphol , amsterdam , the netherlands , 1.5 megaton ( basically same size as heathrow ) 5 . 
  findel , luxembourg , luxemburg , 0.7 megaton road , ferry and train to and from the uk always go via mainland eu so these statistics are irrelevant . 
  thus when britain would leave the eu not only the city is at risk , but also the economic position of heathrow as a semi-major airport cargohub in the eu , and also felixstowe will notice i suspect . 
  dreaming dreams is nice , but cash is better . 
  my bet stands safe and firm . 
  edit : corrected felixtowe to felixstowe . 
  one note from adam posen stands out to me : `` then posen 's defense became more technical . 
  he said the problem was n't a sudden collapse in the capacity of workers and factories . 
  the problem , more simply , was that there was n't enough demand to support full production . 
  the private sector , in other words , was no longer able or willing to spend enough money for the economy to function at its peak levels . 
  if the government or bank of england could do more to stimulate the economy through any number of tools at their disposal -- like more quantitative easing and infrastructure spending -- demand would rise , and everyone 's productivity would shoot back to normal . '', 
  one of the reasons private sector in the uk is not willing or able to spend enough money in increased production is the uncertainty created by british policymakers towards the relationship of britain with the eu . 
  people from inside and outside britain will not invest in britain to set up businesses which are based on exports to other markets as long as britain 's relationship to the ( rest of ) the eu is n't cleared up . 
  it 's just too much of a risk compared to investing in markets which are more consistent in their policies like the us . 
  the non-uk part of the eu will also have a consistent policy as long as the socialist tendencies of france can be kept in check by germany and the rest . 
  basically britain will have to choose : have a relatively autarkian economy or integrate with the rest of the world , to begin with with the eu . 
  i see a far flung list of countries and a question comes to mind : why would this amalgamated collection of countries , the uk included , do business together instead of these countries and the uk doing most of their business directly with the rest of the eu ? 
  to make it more visual : why would an indian ( or middle east or african country ) company trade via london to the eu ? 
  they would have basically to choose between a market of 450 million vs. a market of 60 million . 
  tough choice . 
  not . 
  additionally to the above : distance in a geographical , political and cultural sense is still a real limit to trade . 
  for those really interested : interesting reading on this subject is to be found in the books by pankaj ghemawat ( e.g. 
  world 3.0 ) . 
  until now i had n't and i definitely not classify them as a good cause . 
  besides : i was talking to silence_hr . 
  herewith i place a bet that if the uk leaves the eu before 1/1/2014 i 'll donate eur .100 , - to a non-political good cause of your choosing . 
  i 'll repeat that bet until the lord almighty summons me and/or kingdom comes . 
  i suspect i wo n't have to donate to the selected good cause due to this wager ( at least until at least one of the repetition limits above is met ) . 
  there seems to be a problem with the garonne since it 's drainage does n't seem to reach the sea . 
  also the scheldt river drainage system is n't mentioned . 
  in the netherlands , the flevopolders drain in the ijsselmeer , which mainly is a closed off estuary of the river ijssel ( i.e. 
  rhein drainage ) and local river eem ( of stratigraphy fame : the eemian interglacial is named after the river ) . 
  the drainage map of the province of groningen in the n.e. 
  netherlands is also a bit purist since the dollard and the westereems , which drain the eastern part of the province , are different parts of the ems estuary . 
  only the western part of the province drains via the small river reitdiep directly into the waddensea . 
  scoring you scored 45/45 = 100 % . 
  this beats or equals 100 % of test takers . 
  the average score is 28 . 
  and i 'm a europhile . 
  apparently i know what i 'm talking about geographywise . 
  i disagree wholeheartedly . 
  if we enable non-subreddit related subjects subreddits will become an unstructured mess . 
  that there are a lot of americans on this subreddit is nice , but they are guests in the europe subreddit . 
  ;-) and , personally , i do not care about overlords ( apart from the results of operation overlord ) . 
  this subreddit is about europe . 
  since the usa is not a colony of the uk anymore , this post ( although nice ) does n't belong here . 
  tabloids = rupert murdoch ? 
  stop pumping the gas from under our feet an ' git away is a better option . 
  we already have groningen , so what 's the problem ? 
  given that the subject of this reddit is ` europe ' : what is the relevance of the death sentence of saif al-a . 
  for this specific reddit ? 
  as expected : http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2015/jul/24/barack-obama-uk-eu-european-union-hostile-eurosceptic-reaction no. 10 in denial . 
  ( david c. puts fingers in ears , `` did not hear you , barack '' , and still thinks that there is something to negotiate with the rest of the eu ) . 
  is there already a reaction from ukip and the conservatives to obama 's words ? 
  or are they choking on their anger ? 
  at least also some font like it is used in asterix and the olympic games . 
  ;-) ( one small village , etc. , ), 
  yes , that 's how one generates traffic to the site . 
  let 's see if things turn out better producing f-35 's compared to trains ... 
  indeed , if it were a video we would hear the hollow muhahahaha laughter . 
  that gove fellow is extremely hypocritical re accession of turkey given the continuous support by contiguous british governments for that same accession : see e.g. 
  the following wikipedia article https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/accession_of_turkey_to_the_european_union and search for milliband ( 2009 ) and cameron ( 2010 ) . 
  oh , and guess who was education secretary in the cameron administration in 2010 ? 
  as written above : monetary compensation can make laws ( which should be there for the common good ) unsustainable . 
  isds in its current form seems too skewed in the direction of large businesses/multinationals to be something to want . 
  the discussion about holland vs. 
  the netherlands is an internal thing within the netherlands due to the dominance of holland within the united provinces ( old history ) . 
  sverige is a name which i only learnt in secondary school . 
  understandable , however actually only two provinces in the west of the netherlands are actually really called holland ( north and south ) . 
  people who live in different provinces do not really see themselves as hollanders , but as dutch . 
  i always say that i 'm from the netherlands , never that i 'm from holland . 
  oh dear , it is still april 1st for 18 more hours ( cest ) . 
  the lady however , is most welcome in the eu ( as long as she leaves vladimir p. @home ), 
  this is funny for one second , but it 's getting seriously irritating for a longer time . 
  get our europe subreddit back !, 
  i 've lived in the first version of the cold war long enough . 
  those guys aaa-rated junk-bonds . 
  veerrry reliable . 
  do n't make me laugh . 
  smeared out over the diverse subgovernments is perhaps more accurate . 
  those lamps are very nice . 
  are they for sale somewhere ?
