  apparently this is a recurring phenomenon in that region . 
  are you a fast talker ? 
  i seem to remember an us lend-lease act during wwii where the usa basically financed britain . 
  without that lend-lease it is quite doubtful that britain could have continued fighting . 
  for financial life-support after wwii see e.g. 
  all well and good , but the other eu-leaders ca n't give in too much to cameron 's a la carte wishes especially if granting cameron 's wishes would place their economies at a comparative disadvantage . 
  if i was an oil-tanker , i definitely would prefer rotterdam instead of the shallow waters of the coast of sri lanka . 
  that struggle was finally lost in 1804 when the ommelanden lost their position in the states of groningen . 
  i was referring to your description in the post above , not to the map ... ;-), 
  the five ommelanden ( humsterland , langewold , vredewold , hunsingo and fivelingo ) were the only part of groningen which were not directly controlled by the city of groningen . 
  these were governed by local lords and freeholders . 
  the other parts of the province which were directly controlled by the groningen city council ( gorecht , oldambt and westerwolde ) . 
  blaming the eu for belgian policies is disingenuous at best given the call by eu country governments for subsidiarity ( minimum interference of the eu in local policies ) . 
  yes , agree , dutch abroad can also vote in our general elections . 
  why does the uk disenfranchise their citizens living abroad ? 
  the eu has been written off so many times by ( mainly the anglo-saxon ) media that it becomes something of a running gag to continentals . 
  ( europe in ruins !!!!!, 
  what , again ? 
  2 days ago we were also in ruins , etc. , etc. ), 
  those messel pits deliver magnificent fossils from the eocene . 
  it 's a world heritage site . 
  great stuff . 
  nah , german is just pedantic dutch . 
  clogs ... not clocks . 
  hopefully enough to be ready for whatever tank battles will be fought in the 21th century . 
  this is ozzie news , not europe . 
  always nice , those attempts at character murder by the uk newsmob . 
  gold just as pure as the gold of the karlsschrein . 
  looking at height maps you aachen people still have to dig a canal to the sea ( we can help with that if we can have the dirt to heighten the netherlands ) even if all the ice on greenland and antarctica melts ... ;-), 
  do not forget the christmas flood of 1717 . 
  dutch-sea = 2-2 . 
  and the elisabeth flood of 1421 ( start of the biesbosch ) : dutch-sea = 2-3 . etc. 
  all vague symbolic waffling . 
  and # 2 is totally unrealistic . 
  does the uk want a `` veto '' on measures which have to be taken to make the euro effective ? 
  that will simply not be sellable to the consumers on this side on the channel . 
  or as the yankees say : glwt . 
  squishy ???? 
  there are a lot of dutch cheeses with a harder consistency than cheddar . 
  nato is much more interesting in this regard than eu . 
  that may be , but we do not have to listen to the wailing and moaning any longer . 
  yelling kitchenmaids they are ( with apologies to all the real , hardworking , non-yelling kitchenmaids everywhere ), 
  agreed . 
  especially the difference between southern states and northern states is relevant . 
  personally i think the eu is doing actually pretty good and what we 're going through are typical growing pains for some economies that profited from artificial tricks ( like devaluations ) in the past to try to get their houses in order . 
  one of the main risks with devaluation was always that what one gains on one hand by devaluation ( cheaper repayment of debt ) , one loses by the increased cost of new credit , the loss of consumption due to increased costs of imported goods and services , etc. 
  what ( younger ) people seem to forget is that the euro effectively existed looong before the real thing , by the pegging of the local currency to the d-mark . 
  so afaic this article is just a bit of empty waffling . 
  lawyers usually only argue on one side of the debate so let me throw in a stone from the other side : government aid to private business can be ( and usually is ) detrimental to competition . 
  if the government aid is given in the form of tax breaks it 's in my opinion therefore just and correct that the eu commission looks into that . 
  that 's an overseas mountain : 1 . 
  mount scenery ( saba ) - 880 m 2 . 
  the quill ( st.eustatius ) - 600 m and a bit 3 . 
  vaalserberg ( the european part of the netherlands ) : 322 m and a bit . 
  wow , that 's even less high than the highest point in the netherlands ( in the southeastern part of the country : vaalserberg ( 322,7 m ) ) . 
  no worries : students in the uk ca n't process any thoughts and we dutch wont remember anything we 're supposed to have learnt ( stubborn ) . 
  lets go to the pub . 
  strasbourg is a nice city ( been there ) , but is compared to brussels still a nice provincial town . 
  however , at this moment germany wo n't kick france on this one , so indeed nothing is going to happen for the next couple of years . 
  btw do the french europarlementarians have homes in strasbourg ? 
  if not , then it 's a losing battle for strasbourg if even they live in brussels ... 
  i 'm not bothered at all by these little acts of little men . 
  if push comes to shove mutti merkel or p\u00e1pa hollande will have a quiet word with some people and that will be that . 
  not entirely true . 
  if citizens of one or more eu states belong to the intended audience ( in other words : if services are rendered by an entity to citizens of eu states ) the appropriate local laws stemming from the relevant eu directives apply . 
  and that entity can be charged e.g. 
  in a court of law to change or terminate the services rendered to citizens of eu states . 
  it may be thus clear that the eu directives do not protect non-citizens of eu states . 
  citizens of non-eu states have to hope that their state can protect the citizens on its own . 
  indeed , but a vw jetta for me and a bmw 5-series for the lady . 
  strange pov of author brodkin : as if he did n't expect that fb also has to comply with the law in other jurisdictions than the usa , even if those laws are different . 
  i see , and the jobs the city provides to britons directly or indirectly do not count either ? 
  i dare to hope that uk politicians are wiser than to follow these are cheap populist dreams which will cost the uk dearly . 
  referendums are dangerous things since you 're asking laymen a question which is usually too simplified to give real info on the consequences of making a particular choice . 
  and no , we do not say the same , our povs are diametrically opposite : you state that you want to leave the eu , i definitely do not want britain to leave the eu . 
  the consequences of a single curency are indeed not to be underestimated . 
  i 'm quite sure that of the architects of the euro , kohl and mitterand have thought it through and deemed ` no more war ' via integration , starting with a single currency , to be the best model to achieve that end . 
  btw your remark about bloc voting suggests that the diplomatic strategy of the uk has been in the past to play countries on the continent against each other so no bloc against the uk could be formed . 
  this strategy is correct if the uk wants to keep going at it alone , but with support from a common market . 
  there is however one problem with this strategy : it all hinges on the playing off of each other of the other countries . 
  however , from this time forward the countries in the eurogroup can no longer gain substantial benefits from partnering with the uk , compared to partnering with other eurogroup countries . 
  furthermore : why should a major country outside the eu ( like the bric countries or the usa ) partner with the uk compared to partnering with the eu as a whole and having easy market access to a bloc of almost 500 million people ? 
  whoops : uk diplomatic strategy dead . 
  what we see a lot on this list from the uk side is a lot of dithering and insecurity about how to proceed . 
  the uk simply is too large and economically important ( the city ) an entity compared to e.g. 
  norway that it can continue to allow itself to dissociate itself from the rest of the continent . 
  the uk faces an important choice : start integrating further into the eu and be able to still use its soft power to influence decisions , or leave the eu , after which the financial centre of europe will not longer be london and the british economy will be even further in shambles than now . 
  you may think that london can remain important as a financial centre if the uk were not longer to be part of the eu , but know this : there is no chance in hell that the eurocountries will allow the primary currency market for the euro to be outside the eu . 
  the further consequences for london ( and the uk ) , if that scenario were to take place , would be just as inevitable as the current integration of eurocountries which was caused by the creation of the euro . 
  please be so kind to read up on the institutions of the eu and point out where the democratic deficits are . 
  and please no rhetoric , just facts : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/institutions_of_the_european_union, 
  let me pose it to you this way dageshi : when people grow up they learn that sometimes not everything in life is fun , but sometimes things which are n't fun , still are necessary . 
  i 've grown up a long time ago . 
  i hope you 'll be doing that too one day . 
  please stop this childish behaviour : ` whine , whine , yammer , yammer . 
  i don wan na brussels sprouts . ', 
  exactly . 
  the screamer sentence here is that ` we need to be at the table ' . 
  and to be at the table the uk needs to remain an eu member !, 
  all the rest by cameron and his circusclowns is poppycock .
