  court not equal to vw . 
  verdict sounds fair to me . 
  when the fix can indeed take place as stated by vw and the customer waits a bit until this scandal has blown over , there is no issue really which warrants vw to have to take back the car . 
  cooperation : fine , dependency : not so much . 
  define `` good '' , please . 
  he can try to bond whatever he wants . 
  slovenia is a nato member . 
  stirring sh \\* t with the usa usually ends up badly for the sh \\* tstirrer . 
  you 're meaning kindergarten ? 
  yes !, 
  that 's what i was looking for . 
  it is the hardest thing to do , but it is the right thing to do . 
  now only : who is going to do it ? 
  which is very costly and in the long run not feasible ( unless a new berlin wall would be built , which would be rather ridiculous and even more expensive ) . 
  yes , they can as long as it is eu policy , not german policy ( hey sovereignists : enjoying this ? ) . 
  that they do n't is quite telling in my view . 
  indeed , what are the alternatives to merkel 's ideas ? 
  voicing dissatisfaction is the easy part ( whine , whine , yammer , yammer ) . 
  formulating viable alternatives is a whole different ballgame apparently ( that 's for states ( wo ) men and other grown-ups ) . 
  the referendum in the netherlands is just as weird as the uk referendum since a lot of opponents here admit that they have n't even read the treaty with ukraine . 
  basically these opponents judge on another agenda based on a mix of dissatisfaction with the current government , dissatisfaction with the eu , dissatisfaction with nato , etc. 
  in other words : part of the people will vote one way or the other for wholly different reasons than the actual subject the referendum is supposed to be about . 
  people take upon themselves ( in the uk and the netherlands ) a rather grave responsibility ( also on behalf of the generations after them ) when voting in these referenda . 
  i 'm not sure if all people fully appreciate this fact . 
  you seem to be focussing exclusively on the immigration issue as the brexit wedge . 
  or are you referring to another ` motion ' ? 
  sorry , but i 'm afraid that you 're missing the point . 
  the rest of the eu does n't vote in the uk referendum , but we 're still fully entitled to an opinion which makes light of the brexiteers . 
  here on the mainland we have the impression that you guys are missing out on some serious fun , therefore increasing the referendum frequency could help with that . 
  replace britain with the eu and i 'm in . 
  ;-d . ah , the wonderful life outdoors , punctuated by the odd snake or shark attack . 
  i can hardly wait . 
  the reverse take-over is starting in 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... 
  and drink wine and eat well during the strike . 
  given that the uk still will be a kingdom ( a rather directive governance model ) , even in the case of a brexit , i wish you success with your endeavours . 
  the uk governments were always very supportive to turkey 's eu accession talks . 
  see e.g. 
  this paragraph from wikipedia : current major opponents of turkey 's accession are germany ( though there is some internal dispute ) , and euc president jean-claude juncker . 
  france and the united kingdom support turkey 's accession , though only the uk has been continuous in its support . 
  more here : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/accession_of_turkey_to_the_european_union, 
  yes , and that 's exactly why the uk has to stay otherwise the uk 's wishes will weigh much less in other eu capitals and brussels . 
  ok , whine away if you feel like it , but limit the referendum frequency to max . 
  once per 10 years otherwise it will get boring . 
  no indeed , diplomatic language is usually a bit more circumspect than the blunt dutch language i chose . 
  however , in the end the results are basically the same . 
  the eu has also to reform in some directions ( e.g. 
  deepening of eurogroup cooperation ) which are not always aligned with uk interests . 
  that 's simple . 
  many mainland europeans expect that a brexit will be avoided , but that the whining of the eurosceptics will start right again after the referendum for further ` reforms ' . 
  that has to stop or in the end it 's better for the uk ( england ? ), 
  to go . 
  yes , we definitely want the uk to remain , but not at any price . 
  that 's already started . 
  us diplomats told poland that they can forget the nato base as long as pis keeps trying to tinker with the polish constitution . 
  no , dutch should be the language !, 
  less complex than german . 
  they tried that once after the battle of agincourt . 
  did n't really work out somehow . 
  lord haw haw said hi from berlin ( and after the war got his neck stretched in a british prison as a ` thanks ' ) . 
  and there were a lot of people who strived for an early peace with germany in wwii . 
  see for example lord halifax , etc. 
  if not for churchill i 'm not sure that the uk would have held out to hitler and his cronies . 
  exactly . 
  then the negotiations start with ex-eu partners who will negotiate from a position of strength and a strong wish to prevent others to walk the same path as the uk . 
  also : what will scotland do ? 
  or wales ? 
  all the while the eu rules will hold sway over the economy of the uk . 
  really , i 'm a bit irritated about grown up people who seem to chase a pipedream with going for brexit . 
  the dutch form would have been that they would have used the british system , but had the actual screws turned by the local elite . 
  if say 60 % of acme products have to be produced according to eu standards , and us and eu product standards converging , then producing to non-eu/us standards would n't be very viable . 
  yes , the uk is currently in the top 5 of economies , etc. 
  but how much of that is contingent on uk eu-membership ? 
  that 's the $ 64k question . 
  if the economy would go south after a brexit , that would eventually also show up in defence spending , etc. 
  so to brexit , or not to brexit has to be looked at in relation to the pros and cons over a wide range of subjects , not as separate items . 
  or especially not through a single theme lens like immigration . 
  yes . 
  its not a dream , but reality . 
  and reality always has its plusses and minuses , but walking away from reality is fanciful to me . 
  please spare me the self-righteousness !, 
  with such an unfaithful and boorish husband , she is fully entitled to be angry . 
  i 've stated my opinion in my previous post . 
  sorry , but it takes two to tango . 
  ( part of ) the uk is threatening to to leave the eu , we just point out the less nice consequences of that decision . 
  basically , it 's just the same scene as when a puber wants to leave the house ( after a row , and thinking through the consequences , they usually stay ) . 
  not necessarily . 
  it 's france 's sovereign choice , absent eu regulations which would decide otherwise . 
  yes , but that was because you were travelling by boat or plane and that there was an active ira in those times ... 
  i guess those border controls were at least to protect the transportation systems to the continent against terrorism or hijacking . 
  also the uk never has been part of schengen , so that did n't help either to escape border controls when leaving the uk . 
  that 's back to its roots : hsbc stands for ` the hongkong and shanghai banking corporation ' ;-), 
  also article on bbc site : http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-eu-referendum-35712463, 
  is it true that standard practice is that passports are checked when leaving a country ? 
  when i was a child , there were still passport controls when driving from the netherlands to germany . 
  the only ones who wanted to see our passports in that situation were the germans , not the dutch . 
  yes , they had requested it . 
  this action has occurred before and then the st\u00e4nderat ( swiss upper house ) said no . 
  it is n't over until it 's over . 
  then further diversifying the scottish economy with ex-london city financial services would be an excellent idea , or would n't it . 
  it is not inconceivable that scotland would become independent after brexit and the city moves to edinburgh .
