i do not want to be in the shoes of all the security people who let him in at all the hotshot meetings ( e.g. 
  the coronation no less ) . 
  ( guest list verification ? 
  huh ? 
  this kid was at max a fraudster , however it could have been much worse if someone with worse motives would pull these kind of stunts . 
  question : i see a lot of reference to splitting the uk debt , but how about splitting uk assets on a per rato basis ? 
  scots pay taxes which are partly converted into assets which benefit the whole of the current uk . 
  or are scot taxes already devoluted into only scottish assets ? 
  me neither . 
  re : oppressive : we 've got a torture museum in amsterdam . 
  where 's hong kong ? 
  i do n't get it : the netherlands , slovakia etc. 
  are part of the eu . 
  therefore the eu sum is incorrect . 
  how can they calculatie the consequences of eu reforms if it is n't clear what those reforms exactly are to be ? 
  sounds like someone is putting up a finger in the wind while calling out a number ( ` yes , that sounds about believable , mr.johnson ' . 
  ` ok sir humphrey jr. , jot that down , will you ? 
  there 's a good chap ' ), 
  slightly ? 
  i think that 's a bit of an understatement . 
  in other regions they might say that the telegraph is frothing at the mouth like a mad dog . 
  is putin also against renewable energy , and how is he frustrating the introduction of renewables ? 
  if i have to choose between fracking to fsck putin or start/keep using renewables to fsck putin , the choice is n't difficult since using the latter the eu can keep fsck ` ing putin and his successors until kingdom come . 
  the dutch ` r ' is also socially influenced : some parts of the dutch uppercrust tend to gargle the ` r ' ( speaking with a potato in your throat ) instead of pronouncing a rolling ` r ' , which is the average . 
  oh , did he get ` suicided ' , then ? 
  and do not forget : this is not caused by the eu , but by policies from westminster . 
  exactly , we 've weathered an economic storm together . 
  the sails are still torn , and the ship 's weak points became very visible . 
  strengthen the hull and repair the sails , and we 'll be sailing smoothly again . 
  given that those spaniards were fishing illegally , this is not caused by the eu , since the eu does not approve these illegal activities . 
  it is also worth mentioning that enforcement of cfp fisheries quotas is a task for the eu memberstates . 
  it looks like westminster is letting the spanish slip away and is blaming the eu . 
  usual song 'n dance really . 
  nick clegg has other foreign ties as well : his mother stems from a dutch patrician family with ties to the former dutch east indies ( modern indonesia ) . 
  if you 're not at the table , you 're on the menu . 
  old adagium in international politics . 
  the european star empire . 
  why is access to the eu for australia via the uk important anyway ? 
  force of habit ? 
  there are many other eu countries which can serve as entrypoints to the eu from an australian perspective . 
  the hague was the capital of the county of holland before the burgundians , but the 7 provinces each had their own capital . 
  that 's also true for all those german principalities and kingdoms , tens of capitals there before bismarck . 
  this map is only going to work if presented in the form of a time-series . 
  the difference is that it would be given over voluntaryish by the germans to the americans . 
  that 's in my book quite different than being robbed under ones own nose of the data without knowing it . 
  another attempt to taint the messenger instead of acting on the message . 
  nothing to see here , move along . 
  = roggebrood , drop en leverpastei . 
  scandinavia and the netherlands share excellent foodtastes . 
  yes , europe should increase the use of renewables a.s.a.p. 
  my thoughts exactly . 
  next , all these kinds of payments will be done in euro . 
  this overstretch of power is directly detrimental to the standing of the usa in the world , but : terrorism . 
  right . 
  then the way europe is governed , and the way the uk ( minus scotland ? 
  ( independence referendum there is before eu referendum cameron ) ) should be part of the uk eu referendum . 
  they are n't in the eu ( yet ) , so the impact of them not joining is basically the continuation of the status quo . 
  i just am wondering : will all parties involved accept the results of the referendum given the consequences ? 
  i mean : if the vote is stay in : will the eurosceptics then resign to the choice of the majority or will this referendum thingy be repeated ad nauseam if the initial vote is to stay in ? 
  the public has indeed to be informed about the pro 's and con 's of staying within the eu . 
  but who will do the informing ? 
  murdoch & co. will do the contra position , no doubt about that . 
  branson & co. for the pro scenario 's ? 
  oh , then the great uk firewall of cameron can be limited to the houses of parliament . 
  see no evil , hear no evil ... 
  not always , my granddads were also about 1,90 . 
  and one of my great-granddads was actually 2m + ( so we 've shrunk a bit ) . 
  genetics are also in order , people in the north of the netherlands are a bit taller than those nearer the belgian border . 
  i 'm from the north and no male in my family is under 1,92 ( my dad ) , and the shortest female is 1,78 or thereabouts . 
  yes , and it 's called the duivelsberg . 
  the germans got rid of two devils after wwii . 
  the important/interesting thing is that it was perceived by a slap/snub by almost all of the uk media . 
  rupert m. is working his butt off to keep the ` special relationship ' intact since he hates the eu . 
  hahahaha , as long as the usa keeps the intelligence distinction between the ` five eyes ' and the rest intact : riiiiiigghhhttt ... 
  at least for entering the french state elite schools ( grandes ecoles ) you need to be brainy and sharp . 
  money does n't help in entering if you 're a dunce . 
  sure , but we 're neighbours , so there are plenty of ways to influence france on this issue from within the eu ( basically , it is internal squabbling ) . 
  the u.s , china , and other governments from outside the eu need to be treated differently , just as the usa does itself . 
  see for example the tiering of us and partners in intelligence : tier 1 : usa tier 2 : english-speaking first world countries tier 3 : rest of nato . 
  there is no reason why the eu could n't cooperate with the usa on terrorism . 
  however , the economic and other interests of the usa and the eu do not always coincide . 
  therefore eu institutions and companies need to be protected against ( economic ) espionage by third parties ( usa included ) . 
  this is also to be taken into account in relation to the free trade agreement between the eu and the usa which at the moment is under negotiation . 
  ukip reads , translated back from dutch into english , as `` youchicken '' . 
  seems apposite . 
  the author of the article seems almost apologetic to me in relation to the germans being sensitive ( and rightfully so ) concerning their privacy . 
  and who is he talking to anyway ? 
  the word robot is of slavic origin . 
  robot as a mechanical working device was coined by a czech . 
  see : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/robot#etymology, 
  junior partner in ` special relationship ' : look here ` senior ' , we 're really tough , huh ?!, 
  just as you wanted . 
  ( strangles freedom of the press ) senior partner : facepalms and groans . 
  ( starts damage control ), 
  which is still relevant . 
  the patent consequences of gmo are just as relevant as possible health issues . 
  it would place the control over food production in the hands of gmo seed producing industries instead of a country itself . 
  the thought that a monsanto and such would be able to be the feudal lord over the food production in other countries is too despicable to contemplate . 
  in the netherlands we just had a change from a queen to a king . 
  the dutch anthem is independent of the gender of the current monarch , so no change was necessary , however , naval ships changed from hr.ms .
