  ( her majesty 's ) to zr.ms ( his majesty 's ) and all preambules in law texts , etc. , had to change as well . 
  it was non-trivial , but after a couple of months everybody is now used to the fact that there is a king again ( the netherlands was reigned by three different queens between 1890 and 2013 , i.e. 
  the whole 20th century ) . 
  first : what is middle class ? 
  in the time of my grandfathers in the netherlands people belonged to the middle class if they were employers or self-employed . 
  clerks , etc. 
  counted , depending on the exact role , as lower middle class or working class . 
  factory workers and agricultural laborers were always counted as working class . 
  in short : what social class ( es ) are we actually talking about ? 
  groningen in the netherlands ( a bit of a mini-amsterdam with lots of good student watering holes ) . 
  in other news : opposition leader criticizes incumbent chancellor in run-up to elections . 
  sigh . 
  you call this flat ? 
  at the horizon i see low bumps . 
  that does n't count as flat to us dutch . 
  our landscapes ( apart from parts of the east and south ) are flatness incarnate . 
  since most telegraph readers wo n't read german newspapers , it will for some falsely further strengthen their anti-euro bias . 
  another sign that content from ( some ) msm needs to be fact-checked by the reader ( but most readers are too preoccupied with other things to do so ) . 
  my point was primarily about photographers ( like the article from the register ) . 
  their position on this subject : http://thebppa.wordpress.com/2013/04/16/the-copyright-fight-david-bailey-weighs-in/ ( from the above out-law link ) . 
  store your data at an eu provider and only link to it from facebook , etc. ? 
  ( and have a good robots.txt ) . 
  dutchman here : not a peep in dutch msm about this . 
  it 's another disqualification of old media . 
  crime is without borders , let 's help each other to fight it , please ? 
  it is n't exactly a break from eu policy since the eu and the ecb actually deemed the planned dutch austerity measures excessive and counterproductive . 
  very strange analysis : the english ( tabloid ) media are themselves apparently underinformed due to lack of foreign correspondents , which , according to the author , is the primary cause of the overhyping and misrepresentation of mainland europe events in the english media , while at the same time the role of the ( uninformed ) media in shaping public opinion and the role of foreign interests ( murdoch ) is downplayed ? 
  have your cake and eat it too ... 
  and emigration ? 
  those are two different handicaps of which i do n't see how the combination would lead to a kingship . 
  glasses which are too dark can prevent you getting out of a fix . 
  no , i do n't . 
  i know the eu is n't perfect and should be improved by increasing the scope and depth of the co\u00f6peration between member states . 
  and besides : i loathe doom - and naysayers . 
  they are spectators and are usually not the people who make stuff happen . 
  sure , but one can exaggerate . 
  mr.happy camper is wrong , but also mr.only doom and gloom . 
  yes , this was episode 32768 of the telegraph fictional saga ` the collapse of europe , the eu and the euro ', 
  interrogations can always be seen as applying psychological pressure . 
  nothing new to see here . 
  she wanted a sugar daddy and this is the price to pay . 
  seeing a photo of it does n't do the real nightwatch justice ( photos of it are almost always too dark ) . 
  when seen in the rijksmuseum lighted by soft sunlight through the matted glass above the gallery of honor , where the nightwatch has pride of place , the intensity of the painting 's colors , together with its composition , is extremely stunning and at such a moment it really becomes apparent why rembrandt is one of the greatest painters of all time . 
  with greetings from paoa fraudopoulos and mama corruptitis . 
  this is a very refreshing blogpost . 
  why ? 
  it does n't focus on the immediate cause of cyprus ' current predicament , but analyzes the deeper causes why cyprus is where it is now . 
  it focuses on the cypriots themselves : what should we do , what can we do , etc. 
  it chastizes the pundits like krugman , who seem to know from afar what is best for cyprus ( and the eu and the euro ) in a very diplomatic way . 
  further makes this blogpost me wonder why no investments were made in footing the cypriot economy on a more sound ( diversified ) basis while the getting was good ( i 'm afraid i just answered this question myself ) . 
  i think , now the troika has killed off the ( unsustainable ) cypriot banking sector , the troika is morally obliged to help cyprus get on its feet again ( but then feet of flesh , not of clay ) . 
  the biggest risk herewith is the current political constitution of cyprus , with actors who seem to focus on their short-term self-interest ( archbishop of cyprus comes to mind here ) instead of focusing on the interest of cyprus . 
  another nonsense article from the telegraph . 
  the euro is a harsh mistress to those countries which were used to walking away from their debts via inflation . 
  it 's simple : grow a diversified economy and stay in the eurozone , or crash and die by massive loss of trust when leaving ( because the remaining euro countries are still next-door ) . 
  all other options are out of the window . 
  the politicians of some countries need to be chastised for dropping the ball in a major way in this regard . 
  but instead of introspection : blame merkel . 
  in the dutch news this morning was an item that laiki bank and bank of cyprus were open in london and that substantial withdrawings have taken place there . 
  can anyone confirm this ? 
  self-pity is n't helpful . 
  the netherlands , belgium and luxemburg are also small countries , but they seem to do quite nicely . 
  the actual problem is the political process within some southern states and economies which are n't diversified enough . 
  these states need to keep reforming their economies and the eu should keep the pressure on the local elites to prevent complacency and self-interest getting the upper-hand . 
  please read this : http://www.cyprus-mail.com/category/tags/archbishop-chrysostomos our friend the archbishop is preaching to his own interests ( hellenic bank ) . 
  if the russians go , hellenic bank goes down and the orthodox church on cyprus will take a major financial hit . 
  and btw . 
  chrysostomos means golden mouth in greek . 
  it is to laugh if it were n't so sad for the average cypriot in the street edit : last paragraph added . 
  how will this influence the uk economic flexibility ? 
  the uk looks more and more like just another rhineland economics state . 
  now that would be ironic given the ukip position on the eu . 
  well spotted . 
  the wolves are getting quite frustrated since all their propaganda and sabotage attempts fail until now . 
  i guess nothing goes above putting in a good days work and producing goods people want . 
  it immunizes you against all the ` service economy ' fraudsters and leeches , who preach that producing in europe is too expensive and at the same time jack up their bonuses to stratospheric levels . 
  this crisis will be the economic ruin of many a fraudopoulos . 
  disclaimer : every country has its fraudopoulosses , not only cyprus , but also in all other countries in europe , the us , and elsewhere they are present , and they will be thrown for the wolves in this crisis . 
  if french are gloomy already , what are moods of citizens of the countries to the north of it ? 
  depressive ? 
  what an unadulterated piece of piffle this article . 
  please also depict the bacchanals held before the bill became due . 
  thank you very much . 
  nah , only the telegraph . 
  the telegraph is the ideal medium to make you think about ( mis ) information spread by msm outlets . 
  the problem is that people which are n't educated to think analytically and critically will gobble this all up . 
  ah , this circus clown is at least partly responsible for the mess cyprus is in and he has the gall to lecture the eu and imf ? 
  do n't make me laugh . 
  germany is also hindered by the economic situation in europe but still shows stronger growth than the uk ( and little chance of being downgraded by the three stooges ) so i do n't get the economic situation in europe argument of the article . 
  no money from moscow , no money from eu and imf until conditions are met . 
  cyprus has tried running with the hare and hunting with the hounds for long enough . 
  looks like cyprus has to start creating a normal economy . 
  another inflated bubble that will go pfffffffttttt ... more to follow . 
  i would think foreign owners of a cypriotic bankaccount would be definitely worse off in a cyprus euro-exit than under the current scenario , given that a massive devaluation of the cyprus pound is to be expected to get rid of the debt . 
  i would n't be surprised at all that the haircut suffered will be a multiple of the current proposed haircuts for bank account holders . 
  a classic case of getting from the frying-pan into the fire , if you ask me . 
  cyprus is a case of bad political management on so many fronts that it 's not easily repairable and the clowns who now run the show over there aren helpful either . 
  it is also ironic to observe that the eu is in this trouble due to too few possibilities by other member states to reign in rogue states like cyprus due to the sovereignty discussion . 
  it puts it again in stark perspective that any country who wants to be a member of the eu has to forfeit on some aspects of it 's sovereignty , especially on those aspects which are economy related . 
  oh , and anyone who thinks that the cypriot banks will be alive and upright after an eurexit of cyprus lives in la-la-land in my opinion since the main attraction to place foreign money in cyprus is that the currency is hard ( euro ) and no questions are asked .
