  the uk will never leave the eu if they 're really would focus on their national interest . 
  they would n't be able to veto any eu decision anymore , including a possible eu membership of scotland , if scotland would become independent . 
  people in the uk who think it 's in the interest of their real elite to leave the eu are mistaken . 
  cap is already aligned with the interests of your overlords . 
  the rest is just show . 
  yesterday there was a documentary on dutch television about cap . 
  one group of people in the uk stood out who receive a lot of money from cap : the old nobility . 
  case in point : hm the queen receives 8 million pounds of cap subsidies , etc. , etc. 
  if the uk ever leaves the eu the members of the house of lords will go broke ... 
  as long as the uk does n't play within the eu but stays whining ( wan na veto this , wan na opt-out of that , etc. ), 
  on the sidelines in the hope that by not looking reality in the eye everything can stay as it is , the wake-up call will be harsh and will be rung shortly . 
  the influence of think tanks must be enormous , given the title . 
  france wheeled and dealed with britain to try to contain germany by turning germany into a production plant without influence ( containment of germany seems to be a permanent french preoccupation ) , and germany basically said ` nice try , bye bye ' . 
  who was naive here is left as an exercise to the reader . 
  personally i would say that for a possible fusion between the netherlands and flanders firstly belgium has to be split up in an orderly fashion ( what would happen to brussels , etc. ? ) . 
  if at a later time a fusion would be in order it can be dealt with there and then . 
  but it is n't in the cards at the moment . 
  basically it 's the same as germany , austria and parts of switzerland fusing because they all speak german ... 
  the citizens of the dutch caribbean islands ( bonaire , saba and st.eustatius ) have the full dutch nationality and are therefore already eligible to all rights which accrue to that nationality including the right to vote or be a candidate in elections for the dutch and eu parliament , etc. 
  the same holds for some other territories overseas of france , the uk and denmark . 
  for more info see : http://europa.eu/legislation_summaries/development/overseas_countries_territories/index_en.htm, 
  according to the dutch national broadcasting organisation the ship in the meantime has entered the moroccan harbour after obtaining permission from authorities . 
  when flanders and wallonia really want to split , give brussels the official `` washington dc '' status and role for the eu it now already unofficially has . 
  then flanders and wallonia can do whatever they want . 
  in the meantime the germans said yes ( under workable conditions ) , and if dutch polls are representative , a centrist cabinet will be in the works in the netherlands , which will be less europhobic than the current government . 
  so guardedly we can say that things are looking up for the eu and the euro . 
  i 'd think that swedes shouldn '' t take it serious since as a dutchman i know that sometimes tourists think they actually can see that hansje brinker guy with his finger in the dyke ( an ex-gf of mine worked at the amsterdam tourist office ) , or that the netherlands are carpeted with the old-fashioned variant of windmills ( not the big white ones , that is ) and that everyone is using delftware daily in the house . 
  swedish chef falls to me in the same category as a bugs bunny cartoon where he 's talking about the shams eliaiseeai , i.e. 
  it 's funny when knowing that the productions are made by americans who live 3500 km from europe . 
  and i 'm a neoliberal democrat , whatever that means . 
  this test is indeed more nuanced than the political compass one . 
  keeping the pound without having a say on its monetary policy would be worse than joining the eurozone since at least all countries within the eurozone have a say about its monetary policy . 
  becoming independent without having a say on your monetary policy is n't independence in my opinion . 
  your opinion is duly noted , however i 'd be very interested to hear specifically the opinion of scots who identify themselves as such in this regard . 
  the only ones who should determine when or if scotland is to be independent is the scottish people . 
  if they would choose independence , they would definitely be welcome to join the rest of the eu ( of which they now are already a part through the membership of gb ) . 
  just a question though : would the scots be open to joining the eurozone as well ( since ireland is also part of the eurozone ) or would the scots prefer their own currency ? 
  ah , good old schlieffen-2 . 
  ;-) i have to warn you however for the german maritime reconnaissance team in weymouth . 
  it 's not for nothing that they have n't won medals yet . 
  if life was this easy , we would n't need politicians , we just would await the next report by merrill lynch and implement it . 
  ;-] in this report the premises are ill defined , the way of calculation of the diverse factors is ill defined , the weighing of factors on total is ill defined , not all costs and benefits are taken into account , etc. , etc. 
  it 's basically an asswiper . 
  just checking : do you have andorra and san marino ? 
  these are just growing pains and people are realizing more and more that we 're all in this together for all euro countries . 
  we 'll come out of this stronger and wiser . 
  optimism is always the best way to deal with crisis . 
  by the way : glad to hear that the empire is now behind you all on the other side of the little pond . 
  questions : when are you going to deal with the city of london and hereditary interests ? 
  let 's go over the odd ones out : norway : is the saudi-arabia of europe . 
  invests money wisely . 
  small population . 
  basically they can sell their products on the world market . 
  relatively little trade with neighbour countries . 
  switzerland : neutral in psychology . 
  has lots of offshore banking . 
  however chf is linked to euro . 
  in 2100 will probably be part of the eu . 
  :-) outside monetary union , but within eu : denmark : eu member , small population , at the moment heavily hit by economic crisis . 
  would probably have been better off within monetary union . 
  also neutralist tradition . 
  neutralist countries will need more time to test the water before further integration with rest of eu is accepted . 
  great britain : it is not in the interest of the elite ( which is still pretty much really an elite by birth ) of gb to integrate further in the eu ( city of london banking regulations , hereditary interests , some people have n't let the empire behind them , etc. ) . 
  press aids elite in letting the gb man-in-to-street think that the eu is the worst thing on earth . 
  personally i 've got my hopes up for the scots when and if they would become independent in that their openness to the world will make them also less skittish about the eu than their neighbours south of the border . 
  if cultural proximities play a role , the eastern part of the netherlands would definitely belong to central europe . 
  further stirring the elzas pot again is not very smart . 
  i 've been there and it is now anno 2012 definitely french , i.e. 
  western europe . 
  also : the northeastern part of italy and parts of ex-yugoslavia are part of central europe ( unless the alto adige is meant ) ? 
  first : being brought up in a religion is certainly not directly related to personal belief in god . 
  there are a lot of people who socially still go through the motions of religion , while when you talk to them personally , they are at most deist . 
  also : countries with an official religion suffer from religious inertia . 
  if the church of england would n't be a state religion a lot of people would state their religion otherwise than now in the census . 
  concerning can i take a right turn on red ? 
  in urban areas generally no ( you 're liable if you would hit traffic going through green especially pedestrians and bikers ) . 
  your opinion of pointless differs from mine . 
  that 's ok . glty . 
  sorry , taunting without argumentation earns you my downvote . 
  do not underestimate the pain and grief and anguish they have caused . 
  my grandfather was tortured by them and he got off extremely lucky ( i.e. 
  with his life and able to return to his family ) . 
  if you lose your freedom the light vanishes . 
  the canadians primarily liberated holland , together with the poles . 
  yup . 
  but they were all ( except russia and china ) under the uk crown , so they apparently do n't count in the minds of some oldfashioned britons . 
  and do n't forget canada !, 
  many canadians ( and poles ) lost their lives in the liberation of the netherlands and we honour their memories up to this day . 
  undemocratic governments ( like hitler 's ) can not be steered by law or treaties ( peace in our time ? 
  remember ? ) . 
  democratic governments however can . 
  your comparison , therefore , is flawed . 
  on this side of the channel we remember the nazi occupation , when all the echr stands for was lost , so we 're quite happy with the existence of the echr . 
  if britain wants to live in splendid isolation , be our guest , but do n't come complaining if the 1 % ( lord this of lady that ) of britain takes away your civil liberties . 
  for some reason eu citizens can not apply to jobs at nasa . 
  see http://nasajobs.nasa.gov/jobs/noncitizens.htm such is life . 
  sorry , the causes of the crises in both countries are far more complex than just the ecb interest rates : ireland : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2008%e2%80%932012_irish_financial_crisis low corporate tax rates , are in my opinion a larger part of the problem than the low ecb rates . 
  easy money is only a risk when compounded by bad policies , but it 's always easier to blame some entity from outside than take just the blame yourself , hmmm ? 
  spain : see : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2008%e2%80%932011_spanish_financial_crisis again : it 's the local policies which are to blame , less the ecb interest rate policies . 
  in short : central bank policies do not protect against the human condition of stupidity and greed ...
