  then england would be truly diminished on the world stage and be reduced to a rustic sort of shire . 
  interesting times would those be as the chinese say . 
  the first offer from the eu side after brexit will probably be the best . 
  it will be downhill after that . 
  probably not a german gun then . 
  if the no-voters would not expect such an outcome , then they would be extremely naive . 
  voting on brexit without a reasonably clear picture of the most realistic scenario which would play out after a majority for ` no ' is bordering on the insane in my opinion . 
  thus for those who think that leaving the eu will lead to not having to comply to those pesky eu-rules any longer : i 'm afraid that you 'll be sorely disappointed . 
  at least the meeting minutes of dutch government meetings ( ministerraad , every friday ) are a state secret until a certain period has passed and no one can say that the dutch government is n't part of a democratic state . 
  also : given the possible reaction of financial markets and/or adversarial governments its wise to be a bit secretive about what is being discussed within the eurogroup . 
  because people like him are useful idiots to vladimir the tea-lover . 
  you 're german , right ? 
  do n't let stark facts get in the way of fanciful british dreams . 
  it wo n't help . 
  yes , but john bull will get a stiff contract from their erstwhile partner european union ( and will be hit on the head by a certain german handbag ) . 
  and who will be running the brexited show then ? 
  my sincere condolences in that case . 
  as a dutchman i already have got a bike . 
  if india and pakistan and other commonwealth nations want to needlessly increase the price of their products in the eu they 're utterly free to export to the eu via a brexited uk . 
  however , i 've got a feeling that it is not going to play out that way ... 
  what does ` supported ' mean anyway ? 
  if more than financial then the patriot act rears its head . 
  so that the uk can not fall back on what was agreed upon in this deal as a start for the association treaty negotiations with the eu when leaving the eu proper . 
  yes , alas these were exactly my rather cynical thoughts . 
  it 's sad , really . 
  this was explicitly part of the negotiation result on the insistence of france and belgium . 
  if brexit then the current deal is off . 
  if laws or treaties could n't be challenged in court , there would be no trias politica , and thus no democracy possible . 
  rule by decree would then become the norm . 
  well , we know enough examples of how that would end , do we ? 
  what people ( often by the looks of their flairs , of uk extraction ) seem to forget a bit is that the 27 other eu countries were also signatories with just as much rights and interests as the uk in this deal . 
  thus if people from those countries want to challenge ( parts of ) the current deal in court they 're fully entitled to do so by law . 
  i therefore do not see all what all the huffing and puffing about legally binding or not , really is about unless i would be cynical . 
  gdp per capita of mississippi was usd 28,944 in 2012 ( last year i could find ) . 
  gdp per capita of the netherlands was eur . 
  43,335 in 2012 ( x 1.09 to convert to 2016 usd ) = usd 47,235 . 
  gdp per capita of the netherlands = 1.6 times gdp per capita of mississippi . 
  so , what 's your point exactly ? 
  your analysis of the reasons of non-accession is understandable but not nuanced enough . 
  the six core countries of the eu : the benelux-countries , germany , france and italy ( almost half of the eu-cititzens , and far more than half of the eu-economy ) are looking at further strengthening their relationships . 
  if the rest follows or not is up to them . 
  the majority of the countries which have n't joined the euro yet , are still in the process of normalizing their economies : bulgaria and denmark : their currencies are pegged to the euro , so effectively they 've got the euro without the ease-of-use . 
  this while denmark maintains that it has an opt-out . 
  she 'll be right . 
  croatia : only in the eu for three years and still working on economic reforms . 
  czech republic : only in the eu since 2004 . 
  hungary : only in the eu since 2004 ( current government strongly nationalistic ) . 
  poland : see hungary . 
  romania : only part of the eu since 2007 . 
  sweden : accession to eurozone will take place via referendum . 
  united kingdom : beyond rescue . 
  not every part of the us is rich . 
  look at the deep south . 
  however , everyone in the us pays with the dollar . 
  the euro is a political project : yes , but a project which justify the means . 
  good , weakening russia and saudi arabia is good for the stability of eastern europe and helps weakening islamists and weaken the wahabitic version of islam which is good news for minority and woman 's rights . 
  all this is just negotiation foo-foo . 
  threaten to draw the boris-card . 
  strange , the countries with are geographically closest to the uk ( nl , be , fr ) all score below 50 % remain . 
  award of the order of merit =  gag order included ( the fatherland gave you an order , no criticism allowed any further ) . 
  nope , no conversion to the guilder anymore for a long , looong time ( and i do not miss or care about it either since the last time i paid in cash is about half a year ago ) . 
  speaking about numerous : how about learning chinese ? 
  yes , we 're cynical but we place our bets carefully ... 
  oh my , another troll . 
  best of luck to you too !, 
  best of luck to you . 
  i 'm just as sceptical about the national parliaments who seemingly only see the trees instead of the forest , as about the eu where things seem to be the other way around . 
  but in our neck of the woods some party is needed to look further that just smallminded local interests of national elites given that russia and china and the like will take our cake from us without a second thought if we let them . 
  to stop these kinds of powers each individual european country on its own is much too small ( that 's even true for germany ) and to let the countries in europe work together , some form of a level playing field is necessary where nobody wins all , but also nobody loses all and that 's the reason the eu exists . 
  if the uk wants to fight that fight on the world stage by itself , so be it , but personally i think it 's a rather risky bet with rather long odds on a successful go-at-it alone strategy . 
  i was referring to something being dismantled , so what has love got to do with it . 
  yes definitely , however before hitler came to power a lot of people had german relations , also quite a lot of dutch intellectuals studied in germany ( heidelberg , rostock , etc. ) . 
  the borders were softer before wwi . 
  concerning german hegemony in the current era : the netherlands is a creation of sand and silt flowing down the rhine and meuse . 
  that 's also true for the economy ... from a trade perspective dutch feel a strong relationship with the british , however how that would work out were the uk to leave the eu is to be seen ... 
  8 of the 15 current german cabinet members have doctorates , with two of them ( dr.merkel and dr.wanka ) , in physics / mathematics respectively . 
  germany has happily returned to the old adage of ` dichter und denker ' instead of ` richter und henker ' . 
  mk it should be . 
  they get shafted harder when they lose the protection from the eu . 
  we wo n't have the work of our fathers after the war be dismantled because one country keeps yammering . 
  polls are steerable by formulation of the questions and are part of the negotiation strategy of the uk ... and brussels knows it . 
  and the polish workers in the uk ? 
  it 's not for nothing that modern actors have a voice . 
  a german dubbed sean connery is just for a moment hilarious and after that just very sad , etc. , etc. 
  also one can carry me away when a love scene is dubbed . 
  it sounds then just as romantic as reading a train table . 
  proof ? 
  excellent . 
  this is the correct stance with regard of protecting the economy by usage of strong encryption . 
  the example of china does n't count in my book since china is not a democracy . 
  the secrecy tendencies of the uk government are widely known ( d-notices , etc. ), 
  and the us is ( slowly ) coming out of 9/11 paranoia . 
  the netherlands sets the correct example here within the eu and nato . 
  let 's image for a moment each of the 28 member states of the eu knocking on e.g. 
  google 's door one-by-one . 
  they would each get a lolly and after that would be shoved unceremoniously out of the door . 
  very good that there is an eu . 
  as if farage is subtle ... 
  happy 2016 !, 
  are measures taken to slow down the runoff ?
