  if one or both of these conditions go , i think cyprus offshore banking loses a lot to all of it 's ` lustre ' . 
  ( edit : last paragraph added ), 
  why does cyprus need an out of proportion banking sector anyway ? 
  the republic of cyprus has a population of ca . 
  that 's comparable to say amsterdam , or liverpool . 
  it is simply not sustainable in the long term . 
  basically the cypriot population will now be bleeding due to cyprus having become an offshore banking center for russian interests ( to put it diplomatically ) . 
  this since they are now partly subsidizing the oligarchs , who would have had to pay more if only foreign accounts would have been hit . 
  privatize the gains and socialize the losses all over again ... 
  his attitude ( and that of his entourage ) to freedom-of-speech is ` fascinating ' . 
  although it is still ( a little ) better than sarkozy 's ` weed the malcontents out first ' before he came on site . 
  do france 's presidents take a leaf out of the sun king 's playbook ? 
  check the conditions !, 
  with my broker the broken only has the shares in `` depot '' , but i am the owner . 
  i get also invitations for shareholder meetings and such with my voting rights in relation to the number of shares i hold . 
  this is a milestone of european cooperation which is hopefully the beginning of a renaissance of european science . 
  what is this ? 
  a dickens story placed in the 21st century ? 
  un-fcking-believable !, 
  defence \u2022 increase spending by 40 % , double the size of the territorial army and increase total armed forces numbers by 25 % . 
  \u2022 buy three new aircraft carriers and 50 more lightning fighter jets . 
  \u2022 arm four new submarines with us nuclear missiles . 
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------- what is this ? 
  pork city ? 
  the left wastes money on welfare issues , the right on defence . 
  taxpayers are slaughtered anyway . 
  churches in europe are at the moment mostly populated by the white-haired part of the population . 
  this is just a picture of the misinformation spread by msm at times . 
  germany has a 5 % sperrklausel to eliminate extremists from parliament . 
  i doubt therefore that merkel really is worried about this party . 
  afaik the inhabitants of gibraltar want to stay with the uk too . 
  however , i would prefer for gibraltar a construction a la andorra , which is a co-principality of france and spain ( formally the bishop of urgell ) , where the uk and spain would share responsibility for gibraltar . 
  amen to that . 
  if the islanders want to stay with the uk , argentina has no leg to stand on . 
  1 ) no , already too many britons in respect to total area covered by / r/europe 2 ) no , nomination should be as transparent as possible, 
  the eu consists of the individual memberstates . 
  legislation is done by the eu if enough memberstates will support it . 
  the individual countries thus had 30 years to do it . 
  they did n't , the eu did . 
  since ukip appears to mainly absorb voters from the conservatives , the presence of ukip decreases the chance of a conservative majority and therefore increases the chances of a labour victory or a labour/libdem coalition . 
  if that happens , anyone who wants a 2017 referendum can keep dreaming on . 
  nope . 
  the time for running is over . 
  italy just has to face the future and after the next elections do away with these clowns . 
  and that debt is overwhelmingly owned by uk pension funds and banks ( also boe owns a sizable chunk ) . 
  so basically it 's pumping money around at a premium . 
  since pensions often are a percentage of wages , the best strategy from the uk government perspective to lowering the debt is by decreasing the amount of gilts pension funds need . 
  that is by : 1 . 
  lowering pensions 2 . 
  keeping wages in check 3 . 
  throw in some inflation debt gone , but patient dies , since consumption is hit bigtime . 
  ` brilliant ' this . 
  alternative : increase productivity , and/or innovate ( like the germans with their clean technology investments ) . 
  why does n't the uk choose this path more ? 
  bmw , daimler and volkswagen are known by consumers to be excellent value-for-money ( design quality/tco/reliability ) . 
  if other carmakers want to compete with that they should aspire to fulfill the wishes of their ( potential ) consumers better than now . 
  i sincerely doubt that scotland would n't be granted eu membership if it wishes to be an eu member after a possible independence . 
  ( expecting more scaremongering the coming year until the referendum ) . 
  this can be generalized , ask yourself the question `` could my country negotiate better on subject xyz with the us on its own than as part of the eu negotiation team on subject xyz ? '' . 
  i daresay from the power of numbers that negotiating with countries outside the eu ( especially large countries ) should always be done with the eu as primary negotiating party . 
  furthermore , the real meat of the piece : `` this situation might thus lead to competitive advantages for operators based in the eea-efta countries , and more fundamentally risks undermining the legal certainty and homogeneity of the single market , '' the report reads . 
  nice shot across the bow of the eurosceptics : do whatever you wish , but we 'll make sure that the economic playing field remains level . 
  further analysis of the westerwelle text : first praise with faint praise ( women 's quota on executive boards are hardly life-or-death ) , and then put the daggers in : - the eu 's rules must apply equally to all member states ( = a la carte for the uk : forget it ) . 
  - while self-restraint is a good thing , repatriating powers on a large scale would be an altogether different matter . 
  i fear that , as goethe put it in his famous poem der zauberlehrling ( the sorcerer 's apprentice ) , we might be conjuring up forces that we ca n't control . 
  ( dear sorcerer 's apprentice cameron : start behaving like an adult please , thank you very much indeed ) . 
  - we firmly believe that there is one overriding lesson to be learnt from the financial crisis and the process of globalisation : we need more , not less europe . 
  ( dream on , cameron about less europe ) and the final zinger : - one thing , however , is not negotiable from germany 's point of view . 
  for us the european union is far more than just a single market ; it is a community united for peace and the shaping of our common destiny . 
  ( dear david , when the uk wants to be in the eu , that eu will entail more than only the single market you dream of . 
  regards , guido ( and angela ) ) . 
  and norway has little influence to bring to bear in this matter . 
  ouch , basically westerwelle says politely on behalf of germany that cameron can keep dreaming of his a-la-carte free-market-only eu menu until kingdom come . 
  ah , but the core is agreeing to the regulations relating to the common market . 
  those who expect that being part of the common market will not influence other areas of law is sorely mistaken since the common market is based on a concept of a level playing field for business . 
  any country which wants to belong the the eea will have to abide by that concept . 
  and the eu will set the tone in that debate since that will be representing a block of 450 million consumers and businesses and the uk , norway , switzerland , etc. 
  will perhaps account for 70 million . 
  in short the uk loses a large part of its influence on the decision making process while still having to play by the eu level playing field rulebook . 
  http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/2013/01/23/united-states-united-kingdom-eu-referendum_n_2536758.html http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-21076219 google is your friend, 
  a question and a remark :-) - do n't the scots and the welsh want to stay where they are now ? 
  - in this way we 'll also be rid of those pesky englanders participating in european sports championships ( they can keep their commonwealth games ) = more medals to us ( on average ) . 
  yay !, 
  that is not really an argument against a federation . 
  look at the usa where the debate between the federal government and the states on subsidiarity is as old as the republic . 
  officially it 's a directorial federal republic . 
  it all depends on the mutual respect for each other within the ( con ) federation . 
  to again look at switzerland : the swiss confederation is built from cantons , where the smallest has a population of about 15.000 ( appenzell-innerrhoden ) , while the largest has a population of 1.253.500 ( zurich ) i.e. 
  the largest canton by population is more than 83 times larger than the smallest and the swiss now are already successful in this configuration for centuries . 
  an eu federation could also work quite well given enough give-and-take from all member countries . 
  language difference is n't the most persuasive argument against the forming of an eu ( con ) federation since in switzerland , which is a confederation , four languages are spoken : german , french , italian and romanche . 
  since the euro will entail even further integration between at least the eurocountries ( and the spin-off stemming from that from the other countries within the eu ) , it is quite possible that at a certain point in time a situation will be reached that calling or not calling the eu a ( con ) federation will just be a semantical ( and perhaps for some an emotional ) thing . 
  from context i read that aethelstan means the mainland . 
  otherwise it would be nonsense since the the uk and ireland are geographically just as much a part of europe as , say , the netherlands . 
  before the euro the dutch guilder was also already divided in cents/centen and the french franc in centimes . 
  so the rationality of the decimal system has been preserved when the euro came into being . 
  one test question should be where zagreb lies in relation to brussels . 
  it 's a behaviour children usually grow out of after a certain age . 
  destabilization of the french-german axis is a negative goal to strive for . 
  if you would have said that britain could be a partner for either i would wholeheartedly agree .
