  by the nsa with love . 
  one tit to rule them all . 
  culture appropriation intensifies . 
  i hope it 's homegrown , if not you 're financing terrorists . 
  what was the context for animosity ? 
  civil wars do not need calls , do not need songs , it do not wait for my typing alone in my room . 
  they happened . 
  sometimes expected , sometimes unexpected . 
  i am not the kind who light candles and read poems . 
  is it blue and dark or white and gold ? 
  indeed they do not focus on projection forces . 
  because it 's simply not their aim . 
  they need raw materials , they send their people there . 
  build a compound , ~ ~ take ~ ~ buy the stuff , and think of the next material they will buy.no army , no big speech of the great communist china . 
   no longer the largest holder of u.s debt i did not look into it for a long time . 
  do not need to be the biggest.lehman brothers was not the biggest bank in usa . 
  a threat ? 
  not a military one at least . 
  why buy so many of your us dollars . 
  they can destroy you by take possession of all your factories without a single fire shot . 
  china is a big country , with a lot of people . 
  and the main problem for big country is to hold it together , not to crumble under your own mass . 
  imagine , china at war , can mobilize 2 millions soldiers every year for a hundred year . 
  and if they all die , it remains 1 000\u00a0000\u00a0000 people . 
  good luck !, 
  and with spain and portugal dictatorship supported by us , i think we can create an holy southern alliance against the heretics . 
  like a southeast asia treaty organization ? 
  facing real communists ? 
  yeah , it would be great . 
  you won so bigly in asia . 
  his legacy , like his nickname `` sarko l'am\u00e9ricain '' will be forgotten . 
  from 1946 to 1958 was a long time . 
  patience is the mother of all virtues.and a civil war help things to change . 
  from chaos will emerge order . 
  it 's not a ~ ~ conversation ~ ~ conservative or liberal matter.or it 's both . 
  core values of a civilization is so powerful that nor time nor space can taint it . 
  if my neighbor could use my shower anytime he wants , i 'd feel less at home . 
  maybe that 's just me . 
  [ especially if he known for pissing in the shower ], 
  it was quite happening in france too . 
  i am worried to witness the same failures are repeating in a short time period . 
  more armed men in the streets and control of the internets in uk , as in france ? 
   was reported to police for trying to radicalise children here is the key element.it is not a question of money or organisation . 
  it is a question of will . 
  the absolute certitude of your own superior ideology/way of live must prevail . 
  lagarde 's list , could be a good movie title . 
  is it not why the germans are here ? 
  to tell everyone their right place , in the right order ? 
  praise de gaulle , praise his [ legacy !, 
  it 's quite simple . 
  they occupied my country just after the germans . 
  they are still occupied some country still in europe . 
  and then they finance the european union project.the doom they did in the past still echos today . 
  i guess you can not . 
  until 200 000 people may go back to a poor country they are from , that nobody want back . 
  and then things change . 
  you known , it 's like the euro bank in 2008 was not supposed to do that quantitative easing . 
  they did anyway . 
  reality is always stronger than [ written papers . 
  ] ( http://cdn.playbuzz.com/cdn/13fb2b7b-2687-409a-8f52-6cbad2b07c2c/6cd5d289-6051-48a9-a705-1119501b82c4.gif ), 
  that 's very true . 
  the funny thing is everything in his program was possible in the 5th republic . 
  not so sure in his 6th . 
  one was controlled and finance by usa ( and still is in some way ) , the other not . 
  not a relevant comparison . 
  freedom is less efficient . 
  i think the issue will be settle country by country , as a bargaining chip for trade agreements . 
  that 's how i do it . 
  [ here you go ] ( https://youtu.be/1efzrwn7sqc ), 
  it 's fucking rothschild , get at least that fact right . 
  [ say what ? 
  ] ( https://assets.vice.com/content-images/contentimage/139399/freedom-fries-thumbnail.jpg ), 
  we face the british empire , the aryan master race , plagues and stuff . 
  and we still here . 
  do you think we fear islamists ? 
  people wearing dresses , barely mastering technology . 
  you are the one with fears and insecurities . 
  if a civilization can not protect itself , it deserved to disappear . 
  it was the capital of the eastern roman empire , where a lot of the current catholics doctrine is from . 
  it 's a crossroad of civilization . 
  i think it 's hard to process for the weak minds . 
   i the undersigned emmanuel macron , president of the republic of france and chief commanding officer , authorize yoan , hazal , juliette , elouan , sol\u00e8ne and yaz to have sex with your teachers , whatever your parents say . 
  you 'll need a priest outfit , i 've been a bad boy . 
  i need a confession , eat your body to forgive my sins . 
  next info : passive or active ? 
  some rain at last . 
  it is a beautiful thing , the red bricks make it interesting . 
  it 's not . 
  it 's a click bait . 
  [ you greeks get it . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/vowjtneoryg?t=5m33s ), 
  i always said they are the decedent from the lost atlantis . 
  you 've read it first on reddit . 
  when you undergo a bombing , 80 dead a week . 
  your tolerance to empathy goes very low . 
  why ? 
  because we were talking about irak . 
  i could talked about ahmad shah massoud who were fighting taliban too . 
  yah huh , you get it . 
  not use to see a korean alone .
