  they were dead silent for years.and i blame them the most as they are the ones with premium information about the threats to my country . 
  i remember in me youth : `` turkey will be the downfall of europe ! '', 
  no fuckface , it 'll crumble on its own weight . 
  it is the history of mankind , your empire will fall if you ca n't control its borders . 
  is not an island some kind of volcano ? 
  i 'd search if i were you . 
  when the north and the south work together , nothing is impossible . 
  outrage mode on / why the fuck this generalization , this was about italian mob , not just `` the italians '' . 
  clickbate mfs . 
  where the fun in that ? 
  [ mfw ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/hbcorxlnijysi/giphy.gif ) i head d. trump `` our country have the higher tax rate in the world . '', 
  france offer `` help '' to ben ali ( tunisia ) during springs revolutions , put islamists in libya and armed islamists groups in syria . 
  french officials should shut the fuck up . 
  but we are the 3rd country with jews in the world.maybe there is a link . 
  no cars nor shops nor books were hurt during this scene . 
  take that germany . 
  for france , you can clearly see the anglo-german invasions , and the part who remained pure . 
  it is in their interest to lie , are you not aware people pretend to come from war zones , that their can not be send back . 
  regular people lie everyday , the migrants even more , on their age , origin , family , what they done there . 
  quite simple . 
  they are many ways to handle this , and i see no discussions , no reflections in europe . 
  only reprimand , talking about feeling , and useless outrages . 
  i raise my skull mug full of beer to that !, 
  adding more bureaucratic agency resolve nothing . 
  the same difficulties remains , to accurately known from where these people came from , the text that forbid to send back to war zones , etc. . . 
  the legislation need to change , and it costs a lot less money than bureaucrats . 
  and then , each countries must report on how effective they are to do their job . 
  that 's it . 
  some ex colonies do well , other do n't . the difference is not in the past status but in the people living there . 
  you understand that i talking more about the numbers of clouds more than their shape or colors ? 
  good one bloke . 
  german clouds , best clouds . 
  i do n't known if the land is accurate , but the sky is for sure not . 
  it ca n't barely handle earth , forget space . 
  it 's [ the cross of lorraine ] ( https://travelfranceonline.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/flag_of_free_france_1940-1944.svg_.jpg ) , give that gold back !, 
  why do n't you ask nato headquarters ? are they the ones handling nato bases or i miss something ? 
  i 'm sure they already have written a little tax evasion paragraph for future aliens visitors . 
  this brexit is like the dallas \u2122 tv show for the press.you can miss a lot episodes , and still be bored by the story they tell . 
  swiss are germans ( except for the lazy part in romande swiss ) , do not tell them , they get angry . 
  i think it 's a mexican cultural appropriation !, 
  ho yeah , that 's a good one . 
  ya do n't need spyin ' , you stole the engineers . 
  like the nazi ones to go on the moon ( if of course , you think there was an actual moon landing , you starting to deny your own good stuff , you worries me america ), 
  i remember in my youth i used cia data to known how many atheist there are in the world . 
  that was great !, 
   padeira de aljubarrota [ ho man , you also got a gal who kick invaders asses !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kj55xnxjzty&amp;t=28s ), 
  i am glad i mention `` something big '' . 
   portuguese forces led by afonso henriques defeated forces led by his mother teresa of portugal and her lover fern\u00e3o peres de trava . 
  i understand now why tv novella are popular over there . 
  that 's why some people got rich , investing in areas nobody else were willing to do . 
  indeed , they are yours . 
  after long and hard thinking , no i say . 
  til : viktor orb\u00e1n was pm at 35 !, 
  it 's your macron !, 
   holland ho yes , how a so little country can be such a pain in the ass . 
  not as much as england , of course . 
  how fun must have a war without germany ... 
  one of two article , it is a start , we are making progress . 
  unfortunately the ref . 
  is not a direct link , just name and site . 
  baby steps . 
  you known that some celebrities complain about wiki as they can not change fact , themselves as a reliable source.but it is the way it is.wiki have rules and procedures , you must follow them . 
  you known that they are in california and florida in the states ? 
  nothing in common with north of france weather . 
  i am sure any country like spain , portugal , italy , even greece could handle a simple amusement park.with planning and working together.we are talking about europe the richest place on earth . 
  some context . 
  for me the hypocrisy is that juncker as pm has deal special tax rate for his shadow state luxembourg , and macron used also when he was banker ( and probably as an civil servant ) . 
   he should be looking at positive internal solutions to simplify their taxation system even if he do that , by long and hard negotiation . 
  it still will be higher than ireland . 
  no matter the case . 
  he want to be the next merckel , and you 'll be the next greece . 
  as you economy crumbled for its monolithic economy . 
  i be interested in the ireland bashing for planing a huge tax scam in europe , but we have much more important shits to deal with the next 5 years . 
  yeah i remember that . 
  that was fun . 
  by the way i have absolutely no knowledge of arm conflict anywhere in time between spain and portugal.did i miss something big ? 
  edit : i am blessed with great answers . 
  '' ... it does not work . 
  as am i constantly linking my own article to random people while they still prefer to read the ones from the bigger encyclopedic in the world . 
  what am i doing wrong ? '', 
  from mcdonal 's to exxon mobile , trough brazzer , yes . 
  us government is everywhere us company are doing deals ( as they finance they campaign ) now you known . 
  [ want to known more ? 
  ] ( http://echocardioblog.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/03/starshiptroopers2.jpg ) and where there are no us company , but if you pay in $ , they can intervene also . 
  it was a different time.now , with european octopussy , they can do much more shit like that legally . 
  all right . 
  so no regional stronghold as it is an internet movement . 
   in france the statutory corporate tax rate is 33.3 % while the actual effective tax rate is lower than ireland 's 12.5 % at 8.2 % . 
  the argumentation in the article is quite bizarre . 
  yes rate varies , especially for big corporations with armies of tax lawyer . 
  because our system is complicated , like a judicial system in a civilized country.you do n't do the exact time written in the code book . 
  on the other hand , on shady countries ; where its own people try to flee from it , time to time , there are a perfect low tax rates . 
  i was sure this question was coming , but not that late.do you want to have a easy journey , or you want more time to explore the possibilities ? 
  off topic but i did n't heard ( biased ) news in my country from the 5 star movement for a while . 
  still strong ? 
  or falling apart ? 
  it does n't have a leach ? 
  i was thinking of a slogan based on maga , but i lost it . 
  here the interesting story about disneyland paris ( formerly called eurodisney ) a google translate article , seems fair in translation .
