   considerable parts of india was under dutch rule at one point or another yeah , i had memories about that . 
  ai n't the dutch the first to open trade in japan , i saw a 3 part movie about that , long time ago . 
    retains 50 % of the 50 % happiness benefits from a luxury resource if your last copy of it is traded away i knew it comes from somewhere b ), 
  taking islands , ports here and there . 
  that was a smart move.or just an indication of their military limitation . 
  ho shit , you 're right !, 
   rachid nekkaz , a french-algerian businessman , to celebrate the defeat of last summer 's burkini ban on some french riviera beaches . 
  here we go . 
  someone from a dictatorship state comes to give lessons . 
  while his country in the 90 's was plagued with islamists killing spree in backcountry , 150 000 dead . 
  fuck that guy . 
  well , art is always subjective . 
  for me , it 's two thing.first it seems to be build by recycling material . 
  so it 's a good intention . 
  then it has a [ sd ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/super_deformed ) japanease vibe , plus a good detail , it is holding some sort of pike , like a guardian . 
  or maybe it 's just a secret weapons hiding inside to counter a russian invasion . 
  it 's not a country , it 's a proto state sucking the money of drugs , tax evasion , human trafficking , and so on . 
  a paradise in the center of europe . 
   0 connection to the place and its internal issues yes my man . 
  that 's the beauty of human mind . 
  i do not need to be a chinese ancestor to understand the japanese invasion and hate . 
  i do not need to be a mix race brazilian to understand the troubles of rio de janeiro . 
  and i do not need to be a leipreach\u00e1n with me bag ` o'gold . 
  my doctrine is very simple , a divided country , is a weak country , wherever you are , in anytime . 
  you focus on the `` foreigners '' thing , but that 's do not matter . 
  i said it should be easier.if they were native for a 1 000 years , the problem remains the same , they have to go one way or an another . 
  well , they gon na say they got the best of the best in there , as they get rid of the king 's influence first . 
   japanese i was surprise for that one too . 
  here it is , i could learn some russian regions , but wait . . it 's in russian !, 
  they do n't give a shit about translating in english . 
  fuck it . 
  i least they have our number , great . 
  that 's the magic the the internets , perverts around the world : unite !, 
  i heard about the new world . 
  you are generalizing . 
  i 'm talking about fucking england , ireland and scotland . 
  look at a map these are close to each other .400 , 1000 , 2000 years does n't matter . 
  you own the land you have by defending it , if you ca n't , someone will defend it better . 
  you can be an iraqi family back 3 0000 years ago , and still get your land stolen by some random blokes . 
  the ones who want unity is the republic of \u00c9ire . 
  the romans , the mongols , the arabs , the ottomans , the french , the americans , look are those who create unity and those who create division and witness the great nations . 
  it a good time to melt in that demonstration to meet some slutty chick who like it raw . 
  to my knowledge , only the quebec example is relevant . 
  as they propose a secession from the main country . 
  even then , i am thinking , the french and english ancestors were there in the same time but not at the same place . 
  is there in south american , any group demanding a ~ ~ state ~ ~ region or province to be tied up to spain or portugal ? 
  i do not think so . 
  the landscapes are gorgeous . 
  i am quite surprise to see so many women in the black an white films . 
  til : colonization of northern ireland from scottish and english . 
  so they are not the same people . 
  as so , it should be much more easier to take back the lands from foreigners . 
  i often forget that holland was called `` united provinces '' . 
  i live in a regions with lots of english people ( and hollanders , they 're everywhere ) . 
  they do not need to integrate as they do not ask for the nationality of the country they are in . 
  they stay for a short , or long time and then go . 
  if you do n't known what culture you are , you definitively known what culture you are not . 
  they usually stay with their own . 
  if they try to push cricket as national sport , gon na be time to take arms . 
  that 's a thing that goes both ways . 
  when a country fall , it 's faster than everybody forecast too . 
   and includes part-time employment . 
  that 's a very important information , raw number means nothing . 
  just remember , that is one testimony.do not trust it , unless it 's been confirmed by two different sources . 
  these people lives in deception and lies . 
  yeah maybe , especially if they 're rookie . 
  but , it was not about storming the place i guess it was blocking a way or positioning a barrage or something . 
  we lay down our back to let them jump on us and cut the branches . 
  they known what they doing , they can make shitty movies unprofitable in us , but get they money back because they sell internationally . 
  [ for science ] ( https://bs.phncdn.com/insights-static//wp-content/uploads/2016/12/2-pornhub-insights-2016-year-review-country-germany.png ) in fact , i mistaken with another one with france ( region by region ) , and the german speaking region was into bondage , while the south was into anal . 
  i did some jokes about that and did my karma whore . 
  haha !, 
  you saw the pornhub blog about that , did you not ? 
  that 's quite unfair , the japanese ( who are basically the germans of asian ) like bondage and are quite in love with themselves . 
  not if you known what you are doing , it 's a trade after all . 
  even so , it means it was rotten by diseases and parasites , deserving to die . 
  i hope the chain of command will go smoothly.for the bataclan , army soldier stationed nearby were not able to do anything when a police agent ask for backup . 
  as they take command only from an army officer . 
  i do not blame them , as they did as they were told and trained . 
  the worst things was the different department of police special units were struggling to take the lead in the events . 
  think of the polar bears and the ozone hole galloping like a horse . 
  this is irresponsible !, 
  you need to use it as a compost . 
  sometimes you have to cut the branches to reach a big and stronger tree . 
  that 's why the tree allegory is brilliant . 
  it has roots , a body and multiple branch . 
  his aims is to grow higher and reach the sun . 
  you are talking of the now . 
  still , and long as we have our books in our language , we known who are , who we fight , who we loved . 
  even the global show like the voice , they are fast food . 
  fast consumed , fast forget.only the deeps roots stay strong . 
  man , did n't see that one coming . 
  genius . 
  a famous quote from macron was `` the nonexistence '' of french culture . 
  looks like a concerted attack from the globalists from within nations . 
  the only people they made me think of that kind of thoughts are the talibans blowing up statues to get rid of the proofs of culture before islam . 
  and absolutely wrong . 
  people who loved each other , may ending hate each other . 
  when you hate someone , it 's for life , unlike love . 
  and finally , people kill themselves for love , hate keep you alive .
