  in the context of this poet lived , it was . 
  if you work all day with rustic tools , and 2 of your 5 children are sicks of nasty disease . 
  you have little room for entertainment . 
  scientists  all, 
  never been in a war for centuries.nobody fear them . 
  that 's the gold protecting them , not the iron . 
  did n't say if he did that to visit his mistress , i am disappointed . 
  some context about `` villefranche ''  a villefranche or a frank city was a city composed of `` bourgeois '' who had freed themselves from the strict feudal system of a lord . 
  it also happened that a lord wishing to promote the settlement of a region attracted migrants by granting a city franchises ; this is particularly the case of the bastides . 
  many french cities bear the name of villefranche , mostly in the south of france . 
  poets are overrated . 
  a bunch of self centered with bipolar disorder ( like the actors in these days ) who did nothing for mankind . 
  hail to scientists and engineers who made my day to day better . 
  there was a popemobile back then . 
  not very effective . 
  it miss a fish in the middle . 
  [ i understand you embrasse the `` modern '' stuff ] ( http://urbanmilwaukee.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/1280px-flag_of_milwaukee_wisconsin.svg_.png ) . 
  that 's not for everybody . 
  naked gal , that 's the way to go . 
  it has a japanese vibe , has n't it ? 
  did n't read a good rant for a long time . 
  thanks for that . 
  it 's the beer of the proletariat and the military , beware filthy bourgeois . 
  and he detested the jews . 
  i think you are biased . 
   catherine the great the german efficiency , once again . 
  he ca n't be . 
  he was n't german . 
  and a big point is everybody who were unhappy about the situation were killed . 
  so no complains back then . 
   and of course the classic : `` hitler build the autobahn . '', 
  but he was only recognize for the railroads . 
  history is unfair . 
  saint denis !, 
  that 's make sense . 
  we were the first to recognize the people 's republic of china . 
  now , we do n't recognize our own country , so ca n't recognize others . 
  what they gon na do ? 
  stop selling coca-cola in russia ? 
  stop welcoming russians in hotels ? 
  for the last 5 000 years , countries acquired land trough war , pressures or marriage . 
  the eu bureaucrats ca n't stop poor unarmed people coming in , surely they ca n't do shit against russia . 
  big up to yugoslavia resisting the most powerful man of the xx ^ ^ th century . 
  it is not wise to commit a crime while you are being film . 
  you would make a bad criminal.a shame to the profession . 
  and the french , do n't forget the french . 
  we 'll come and we will beat you with your own rotten fish , and give half your lands to russia , and the other half to denmark . 
  it 's wrong , from an english , and worst an aristocrat is using that foreign word . 
  chocolatine is the word of the true french and proletariat . 
  [ winter is here . 
  ] ( http://cdn2-www.superherohype.com/assets/uploads/gallery/game-of-thrones-season-seven/dc2_83oxgai_muv.jpg ), 
  i must say , you stole this one from no one . 
  i already thought it was corn dog . 
  ho , it 's a female painter . 
  is that common in germany in that time ? 
  and she only got 2 languages in her wiki page . 
  sad.the patriarchy at work !, 
  it shows how difficult it is , to talk to international audience . 
  even if one day , kek forbit , we talk the same language worldwide . 
  it will still exists different appreciation of simple word like this . 
  i may have a bit of an explanation . 
  in france , supermarkets are tainted with a connotation of negativity , they have a long history to pressure local workers and local producer of goods and food . 
  they had to be heavily regulate to avoid situation of monopoly , to make sure they comply on workers rights and good trade practice with other . 
  fyi : [ bosnia war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bosnian_war ) . 
  i am glad your learn something today . 
   peace on the european continent serbia is not in europe ? 
  i though that 's were wwi started . 
  only on even days . 
  thank for the links . 
  but i can see this :  spain two and italy two . 
  spain also offered four on a bilateral basis . 
  the bilateral agrement are better than eu deals . 
   the commission can not send planes or equipment itself via the mechanism so , it only depend on the good will of the countries . 
  the commission is a intermediate taking money for not much worth efficiency . 
  where were all the european aerial firefighting while portugal was burning ? 
  a waste of money and time i suppose , build an european army instead . 
  more profits for his friends . 
  it 's always a pleasure hearing from an ancient head of state profiting from drugs traffic , human traffic , taxes evasion giving lessons of life and democracy . 
  yeah !, 
  strike !, 
  go for it !, 
  even better . 
   prime minister robert fico , has strongly backed the workers and back by the representative of the people ?!, 
  it 's a dream . 
  well , first of all . 
  being jew , that 's help a lot . 
  finance , media , sponsoring `` initiatives `` all around the world . 
  from the left to the right , everybody can have a. . . distrust of this man . 
  a public figure who speak a lot and take positions . 
  usually in theses circles , people talk soft and quiet , among themselves.that 's why even within his circle , people may despise him for being too much into the light . 
  most ( all ? ), 
  monarchy derives their legitimacy from god himself . 
  so just ask him the question and wait for the answer . 
  stonorway , the village who will survive all of this . 
  maybe it is still time to buy some lands there . 
  good luck rosbeefs !, 
  indeed . 
  on the other hand , be more careful with those who are using their money but are not so famous as this bloke.they 're the ones more efficient , as nobody knows what they are doing . 
  thanks est europe to kill our life expectancy so bad !, 
  you regulate * everything * that is paid in $ .
