  and the two characters above him have their hands on their heart.coincidence ? 
  american spy !, 
  indeed , if your appreciation of freedom is based on a communist monarchy , well everybody 's freeeeeeee . 
  the good relation in asia , classic optimism.just like before wwi , everyone has trade with each other , no major famine of illness , and then the worst bloodbath europe has never seen . 
   in fact if you look at the freedom index you will see that allies and those countries who are friendly with the us are more likely to rank higher than those that oppose the us . 
  it has nothing to do with the yankees . 
  saudi arabia was terrible without us protectorate , and france was magnificence before joining nato . 
  and please no do not bring `` africa '' , it 's a continent and not a country , i known it 's hard for a wasp to understand.this place is too messed up for so many different reason . 
  half the screen is covered by his face.he 's american after all , it 's all about them . 
  plus , i can clearly ear the violins , i 'm sure the nazis did bother to do that for the showers . 
  why is that . 
  after all , this museum got lots of visit because of the german filming their own camps . 
  how could you deny this man of filming stuff . 
  it is hypocritical . 
   `` however , inside a former gas chamber , there should be mournful silence . 
  it 's not a stage . '' the video is down , so we ca n't see if there are any reenactment or not . 
  it is a bad way to treat your patrons , financing you in the usa . 
  i what about to declare croatians , the most vulgar people of europe . 
  i hesitate now . 
  i counter testimony that . 
  i ear both equal . 
  region influence i guess . 
  the marshall plan was something subtle , a block of freedom in the interest of the state go better , like a junkie in a rehab . 
  but also in the interest of the state giving you the money . 
  s.k matter is a war ( there is no peace agreement , only cease fire ) each part of korea backup by a bigger country . 
  so for both part of the same country , all decisions are bind by external power . 
  the two are so different in their way of living that it seems one is free , and the other is not , but in a larger scale neither of them are . 
  look are usa pre revolution , seems a free country , people can come and go , dress as they want , but summit to a king and higher power . 
  trading a master for another , is not freedom . 
  that was nice to ear some good things about the emperor . 
  anyway , you give a lot of example to do not count on distant allies . 
  you only choice is to create the holy polish roman empire . 
  destroy ? 
  is there any orthodox plan to purge catholicism in poland i did not heard about ? 
  i do love conspiracy theory . 
  yes , bring your neighbor to table , that 's a good move . 
  anything but nato . 
   your israel analogy is wrong . 
  i should known bringing the jews and poland was bad idea . 
  i do not want to play the game , who was the most mistreated in the est by russia the last 60 years . 
  but i remember poland disappeared from the map at some point . 
  i do n't want to see the same tragedy happened again . 
  especially in a period of relative calm in eu . 
  i say the same things to germany , keep it cool , be reasonable . 
  well , i was thinking it was a giant marketing coup for a mobile phone company . 
  false flag operation exists it seems . 
  fortunately the medias can tell us the good ones from the bad ones . 
  be prepare to be an israel in the middle of europe then . 
  when your opponent see you going a or b , you can choose c. go for the unexpected . 
  i was saying i learn that some time ago , stored for some reason in my memories . 
   this must hit russia 's ability to maintain a large modern army russians and americans won major conflict with a bunch of peasants and fishermen . 
  one had the number , the other did not . 
  is that enough to judge the future of a nation ? 
  in the latest o.stone interview , you can ear putin talking about a small well trained and equip military . 
  so , he knows were he is going . 
  ^ ^ ^ do n't ^ ^ ^ blow ^ ^ ^ up ^ ^ ^ my ^ ^ ^ cover , ^ ^ ^ tovarish . 
  ze english talking about the sun . 
  how hilarious . 
  the native neighbors wants to talk to you about that . 
  you are literally the expelled selfish heretics from europe . 
   france ( 13 % ) if you had a border with germany , you 'd known there are no gods . 
  i would say that the military-complex educated him rather . 
  and how much money it bring to the land of the free and opportunists . 
  these sentences were well put together , i feel like a 8 years old typing . 
   this means they will stay in the same place as the chinese economy will outpace them and their relations with the western nations are uneasy . 
  i used to learn that russia and china had some beef long time ago . 
  do you thing they will take the upper hand ? 
  i guess this was the input of german efficiency . 
  lots of paperwork and lots of administration bureau , but not a single one to be able to complain . 
   the most powerful political organ of the eu ( both executive and legislative ) still amassed me how casual this statement goes by . 
  a major struggle of modern civilization was to separate the executive , the legislative and the judiciary . 
  and cheery on top , non elected . 
  almost a trinity of evil . 
  it was a hard bargain to change shits when we were 12 , now that we are ... what is it , i lost count 10 years ago , 27 ? 
  it is much more easier to get the hell out of this , than change a major thing . 
  we are always between two election in eu , i do not see how relevant this argument is . 
  in liquid form , experts say . 
   this pro-american , anti-russian streak runs deeper than the current populist mood , making poland a natural and increasingly potent american ally . 
  here the thing . 
  the americans come and go . 
  russia will always be next to poland , until the end of time . 
  in this article , they are quoting south korea , a puppet state of the americans . 
  `` woman would really be the equal of man on the day when , at an important post , one would designate an incompetent woman . '', 
  yes , and the the little paper the un give was to protect a city . 
  things turn differently , did it not ? 
  the chaos theory tell us every actions we do , have unseen consequences . 
  except for iraq and libya , we exactly knew that will happen . 
  edit : without image link cercei l. ripping the letter . 
  funny you mention this , as it is a french intervention too . 
  i like to read that little tale for time to time , that give me some juice . 
  yeah , when we save a `` president '' ( 4life baby ) over there , who had 3 factions fighting each other , deciding to unite against you . 
  i think you do a pretty good job for the years to come . 
  let 's talk stability . 
  saudi arabia , good road , airport , cars , all the good shit . 
  nothing to do with terror , right ? 
  a heaven , a safe space , a paradise on earth i may say . 
  france is this area since 2013 , waste of time , money and resources . 
  it protects the interest of a small bunch , using states resources . 
  the good side , you can spot them easily ... everybody under 1m80 . 
  for a distant view maybe .
