  involving usa or not . 
  is it the same kind of law i heard in war machine movie , preventing afghanistan to produce agriculture other than papaver ? 
   36 people accused of hateful postings over social media , including threats , coercion and incitement to racism . 
  [ wow ] ( https://i.makeagif.com/media/12-30-2015/huhs44.gif ) . 
  too bad they ca n't catch the allahakbar ( generation viii . 
  acetone peroxide edition ) . 
  a decade ago , the french government arrested `` terrorist '' [ who were stealing stuff on railroad ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/julien_coupat ) . 
  ho well , they were easy to catch , living in the same place , working in the area.like regular people . 
  it was a big story back in the day . 
  to show how well the french government were dealing with `` dangerous '' activists.until real terrorist appears.and you saw how government does n't have a clue of what 's happening . 
  animal free flag . 
  no prejudice on how a dragon must look like !, 
   czech republic even in alternative dimension , somethings never change . 
  ok , it 's like spain . 
  i am derobespierre and i approve this message . 
  is italy a federation ? 
   once controlled the world * half you are welcome . 
  they were overrun by muslims in the past , they feel nostalgic . 
   women and men shall pray together and preach together at the mosque hum ... 
  i think i get it , it a honeypot . 
  this mosque will be a target for terrorists , and they 'll catch them all !, 
  [ great , while listening this ] ( https://youtu.be/fu-wbj4r3f0 ) . 
  gbm ?!, 
  that 's a troll right ? 
  the dancing 3 feet star . 
  and ... al , an eagle ... so original ... the two heads fools no one . 
  just finish part i. 
  that 's pretty good so far . 
  i just was bothered by the edit sometime . 
  i do n't known how the different part are organized . 
  just finish part i. 
  that 's pretty good so far . 
  i just was bothered by the edit sometime . 
  i do n't known how the different part are organized . 
  just finish part i. 
  that 's pretty good so far . 
  i just was bothered by the edit sometime . 
  i do n't known how the different part are organized . 
  not a church , thanks so much !, 
  may the queen be with you , always . 
   the necessity to compromise or the inducement to small parties to sell their support for the highest bidder.a minority of people profits much more proportionally to the population they represent . 
  that 's what happened when you disrupt the darwin natural process , these people have children and the bad dna persists . 
  it was a hard one to catch  cyka blyat this orientation geography is still relevant to this day.a mountain , a river will stop or slow down any armies . 
  [ mfw france24 is on strike ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/zgfp9ehc5v5cm/giphy.gif ), 
   string cheese what the fuck is this monstrous heresy !, 
   to several different types of cheese arg  mozzarella grotesque  or a combination of mozzarella and cheddar enough of this . 
  i summon on this day the 99 guardians of the pl\u00e2teau de fr\u00f4mage , to unleash a holy war . 
  or very unlucky to lost themselves . 
  i remember palm branch . 
  maybe their version of bible is bad translated . 
  i remember strongly , that 2-3 years ago , i found in wikipedia there are something like 47-49 % of catholic in germany . 
  i was convinced it was 90 % of ~ ~ here ~ ~ protestants . 
  well , for the haitians , as the king of france was chosen by god himself , slavery in haiti is divine intervention and blessing . 
  the u.s of a has never been a monarchy if i am not mistaken . 
   this global without getting most things right that is true.but usually it is for the benefice of the people , living there . 
  as we can see for many decades now , this do not benefit the american people . 
  just a selective group , entrenched in their walls and gates . 
  an aristocracy without a king and without a church . 
  the worst possible combination . 
  you choose s.a or s.a choose you ? 
  who knows . 
  what i known , your bad decisions because of oil is petty excuse . 
  everywhere i look , asia , central asia , south america was all bad decisions . 
  there is a pattern here . 
  golden shower and dungeon latex role play costume . 
  i get it . 
  too busy suing blasphemy . 
  hum , so there are south/north division within germany . 
  dirty lazy southerner !, 
  please ... 
  it 's a joke , [ where are the gold and costumes ? 
  it does not come with the full moon . 
  you must earn that shit . 
  yes . 
  where was all these western cocksuckers under eltsine , when the country was corrupt and unsafe ? 
  not a word , not a whisper . 
  i just learn you can be an ex wife of putin . 
  i would have never gamble on that . 
   obviously he is pushing his agenda then whether you agree with him or not . 
  sure , contrary to all other hollywood movies with no agenda at all . 
  it must be so relaxing to be you . 
  these holidays are the only period in the year where they work ... 
  i did n't google shit . 
  i 've known that political movement since 2nd iraq invasion . 
  yes asad , yes hussein and yes gaddafi . 
  but you choose the salafi and their golden globe . 
  do n't cry if a boat or planes blows up . 
  here we go , the language of cthulhu . 
  damn , i just lost 20 minutes , from `` what 's a high chancellor '' to the page of the last anglo saxon king . 
   should provide help otherwise yeah , that 's the key element . 
  negotiate how to handle this , not shoving refugees in their throats . 
  [ here 's one . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ba%27ath_party ) hope 1947 is old enough for ya . 
  i hope poland , hungary and the czech republic will sick together in that matter . 
  it is not the duties of just arrived countries to clean up the mess caused ( again ) by germany in europe . 
  a wonderful piece of reich $ mark propaganda . 
   the heated discussions about austerity of recent years have been misplaced of course . 
  funny enough , i am the nationalist bloke , and i am the only one disgust how the `` cure '' was provided to greece and other countries . 
  and the constant comparison to us is unbearable . 
  subliminal nazi propaganda by bell ring .
