   in 1979 , the american group disneyworld - at the height of its reputation - approached the french government as part of a competition between several european sites that could host a new disney park . 
   the contact is quickly established directly between the lawyers of the american giant and the advisers of valery giscard d'estaing at the elysee . 
  at the time , a committee for examining foreign investment projects in france still exists ...  the administration is working with the americans to develop the most favorable conditions possible : extension of the new town of marne-la-vall\u00e9e ; community-based management of road and public transport infrastructures ; development of the rights to build , at the convenience of disney ...  at the end of the discussion , a few weeks before the final choice ( madrid was still well placed ) , disney 's interlocutors tried and succeeded in a poker stroke : they said to their elysian interlocutor : it will be france , on condition that the applicable vat be reduced from 17.6 ( `` normal '' rate at the time ) to a reduced rate of 5.5 % [ sources in french ] ( http://www.atlantico.fr/decryptage/tva-francois-fillon-eurodisney-171113.html ) here how america works , not big on state expenses , except in other countries to pay for they shits . 
  i do n't care man.do you how many country have a dragon on their official lag ? 
  yeah , right . 
  it 's so cool , you can not forget in your new flag . 
  i blame the jews for that . 
  if you missed it in all that glorious effect and transitions , the two nuclear power plants and the eiffel tower are cock and balls . 
  this map is just wrong , all these dots over corsica are hunting accidents . 
  they never try that shit again . 
  now they have amusement park with horses and knights . 
  they are happy . 
  what ever you do , be the best . 
  people do not have enough storage to remember everybody . 
   ~ ~ one of ~ ~ the symbollic figure ~ ~ s ~ ~ fify, 
   united kingdom and where the fuck is the welsh dragon ? 
  you should celebrate every time you see poland on any map . 
  no credit for op u/docteur _ faustrol ? 
  that 's a shame . 
  just putting [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/issei_sagawa ) here . 
  that 's a great shared bond with usa . 
  the revolutionary flag is above the monarchist flag . 
  that 's ok for me . 
  that generation handle poorly the situation . 
  they can only blame themselves . 
   how can someone provide a reference for something that did n't happen ? 
  at last some good fucking argument.yes indeed that 's difficult . 
  but guess what crocodile dundee , i am not the one with a fucking degree . 
  use your juice brain to knock off that reference instead of wasting your time with me . 
   which means , unless you can produce an actual source based on genuine evidence well , apparently you can not either , cat hunter . 
  that 's why you are not the wiki reference . 
  now go eat kangaroo sandwich or wild cat roast chop and disappear into the desert . 
   paris now i believe you . 
  they do that to everybody further than 50 km from paris . 
  she was from czechoslovakia ? 
  i understand the technology gap she suffered . 
   if we have trees in there ho , come on , you blow your story . 
  just tell which region of france and it may explains a lot ( some of us are dragging us down ), 
  muh , that 's boring . 
  you were more fun in the 80 's with the star wars project ( sdi ) . 
  that 's was baldy and american , not just planting it in the ground like now . 
  you ca n't be shamed to acquire knowledge , whatever method or media you used . 
  thanks for the update , i saw that quick i thought he was some kind of meme . 
  most of you have no sea border , you do n't really known what fish taste . 
  that 's cheap practice . 
  maybe , i say maybe , you must look it without bad intents.they were thinking `` well , they had it hard , they are not ready for the good stuff yet.they need time to adjust '' . 
  here we go i found the quote  `` even though we might sell a product across europe , we always adapt that product to reflect local taste and preference england and germany !?!, 
  forget what i said , whatever the issues is . 
  i 'm with you against them . 
  with cat subtitle : i have more confidence in a 16 years old collaborative site than a person who quote himself . 
  it is quite fascinating times . 
  uk , who nobody known how they get in eu in the first place , slammed the door ( as their feet were stuck in it for 40 years ) . 
  turkey who really wanted to come in , does n't gave a shit anymore . 
  and the latest countries in the est are annoyed by eu patronizing . 
  and of course americans , cheery on top , putting missiles everywhere on the late iron wall . 
  i am quite optimistic to get rid of that blue and star flag before i died . 
  apologies accepted , now begone . 
  still , the golden truth of yours ca n't break the emptiness of wiki source . 
  must be disturbing . 
  or the cat lobby must be very strong , digging their claws deep , in every layer of society . 
  meowwwwwwwww . 
  one man 's claim with a pretty picture , against a collective collaboration of faceless anonymous ( bond by rules and non profit ) . i stick with my people . 
  hope you no mad bro . 
  no context ? 
  seems the worst things can spread everywhere . 
  ho shit , was indeed thinking of albania ( hope that 's the good one ) and their amassing wall of bunker . 
  you are the author of the blog.you actually quote yourself as source.interesting . 
  anyway , this information is on two differents wiki pages with source citation . 
  what are you not involved in wiki and dispute that claim ? 
  p.s : the cat thing a joke , do n't care about cats . 
  i eat them if somebody told me they taste like chicken . 
  damn son.throwing big name at the start , you must build up the tension . 
   to approve the sale of patriot air defense systems to romania , a $ 3.9 billion deal likely to infuriate russia another win for europe . 
  at least romania have a lot of bunker to stock them . 
  edit : but not as many bunkers as the great albanian people , who are definitively not the same as romanians great people . 
   unfortunately , the wikipedia entries for both pope gregory ix and the bull vox in rama perpetuate the idea that this pope and his bull caused a massacre of cats here we go , took some time.i known with a title like teaching x to atheists , i 'll find a gold nugget . 
  you see , wikipedia has it flaws , as it is done by men . 
  but at least their got the scientific methods of self control , citations , and community discussion . 
  not as easy as writing a papal bull saying you ca n't be wrong . 
  i usually do n't think in term of holiness . 
  but they claimed to be . 
  at last !, 
  i can see your secret base , emerging from the sea . 
  where the tens of millions caravans go to conquest europe !, 
  for the world : it 's 12,7 cm x 12,7 cm size drawings . 
  i like the style , does it have a name ? 
  noble view . 
  but ai n't gon na be effective . 
  if you have time to loose , check the history of the templar , witness how noble views and gold protects you from cunning , plots and cowardice . 
  i known few of the situation , sure thing i would n't pay that debt as a first step . 
  it 's almost 10 years , 10 fucking years of that shit . 
  10 years of unnecessary suffering and chaos . 
  a world war is shorter than that . 
  in fact , when it started , if you used all your weaponry , let 's say , against turkey ( i am sure you 'll find one or two reasons ) , all these country would have gladly paid to ease your pain . 
   a common fiscal policy or eurobonds you do n't known anything about germany , do you . 
  i known i still have work to do to be a better man because i did click that stupid link . 
   1 . poland `` i would guess there are a lot of hot chicks to bang '' how can one confound poland with ukraine ? 
  i ca n't blame you , i barely understands the voices in me head . 
  can you confirm : are there any dutch remaining in netherlands during holidays ? 
  sneaky netherlands .
