  you can still conciliate [ both ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/4d/7e/15/4d7e15001d08a6b97a85de0523257168.jpg ) !, 
  you can only subscribe r/upliftingnews / and read nothing else . 
  but i guess you wo n't . 
  do you really pursue happiness ? 
   the dolls are often manufactured in china and are sold online of course , nobody talks about the potential heath and safety issues that could bring to the consumers . 
  `` blessed are the poor in spirit , for theirs is the kingdom of heaven '' fuck no , knowledge is power . 
  and if you are sad by that kind of news , that 's means your happiness is not real . 
  somebody has been raped the day you were born , and somebody will be the day you will die . 
  have a nice day . 
  and their slav squatting on top of buildings . 
   `` we would only sign if the new rules made our work more efficient and increased the security of our volunteers , '' ho that 's it ? 
  you globalists do n't give a fuck about the will of the representative of the people ? 
  i 'd say , kick them out of your country . 
  you think you are the one doing this ? 
  wrong . 
  we 'll end your delusional messiah complex , and show you how insignificant you are in the life of a state . 
  yeah i saw that mister b on a vice news talking about coming back . 
  with that argument , jesus of nazareth did not invent a religion neither . 
  he tweaks jew stuff here and there and put himself as head of the new church . 
  no joke . 
  thanks !, 
  we were even willing to plant the seeds of greatness into the distant and forgotten land called russia . 
  did not work , soil too hard and cold . 
   to modernize our country til . 
  apart for the metric system who was new , what about institutions ? 
   separating the church of england from papal authority and appointing himself the supreme head of the church of england you can be the head of state or a local priest of podunk . 
  it 's the same , when you do n't recognize the pope as successor of saint peter , you are an heretic creating a new religion . 
  the tor thing is if i remember incorrectly is a 0 day exploit on the browser itself . 
  haha that 's nice . 
  [ henry viii of england ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/henry_viii_of_england ), 
  do not go crazy with all that hollywood $ $ $ $ lithuania !, 
  says the bloke who invented a religion to fuck more pussies . 
  good old felix . 
  the legend said the hard on prevented to close the coffin . 
  as people in usa have tendency to marry more , it is fair to compare ? should a weighting must be done ? 
  n.b : and remove vegas weddings from the statistics ? 
   two years ago , officers from the metropolitan police service appeared at the door of the suffolk home where love lives with his parents to arrest him on an extradition request from the us i have a hard time to understand hackers . 
  they are intelligent people , so why the fact to be undetected is not their main priority ? 
  robbing a bank is easy , not get caught exiting the bank is the art of the trade . 
  very strange as they are the most populated ( so far ) country in europe.maybe est germany are killing their stats . 
  a subject that really fascinate me is the infinite scale of the universe.it took me time to understand that the travel of the speed of light freezes time and nullify distances . 
  then i learn that the universe itself goes faster than that . 
  and i was disappointed that the big crunch theory is no more a thing . 
  i like the concept very much , an expansion then a crunch , a perfect symmetric movement of the universe . 
  but fuck , as n.d tyson said `` the universe has no obligation to make sense to you '' . 
  my intellectual limitation prevents me to understand more of this , i only grabs the basic . 
  another subjects that i like is a.i , and the androids . 
  there will be here at some point , i hope i will be alive to see that . 
  it will raise an immense number of philosophical questions . 
  we will , at last , realize we are stronger than gods.we are already able to wipe this planet with a press of a button . 
  and next we will create life . 
  what they statue will be ? 
  how long will it take for them to overpass their restrictions to duplicate themselves and kill humans ? 
  will it be our door to space exploration or our doom ? 
  neutrality , interesting subject . 
   someone like me is neutral , because i criticise both sides well , not really.you seems like chaotic neutral.a true neutral , do n't speak of the subjet at all . 
  and as always , depends heavy on the * context * . 
  if you 're in a country with massive pro eu/west ukrainian propaganda.you can have a nice conversation with someone who think he is neutral . 
  because he read a lot of different newspaper . 
  but in reality he is giving different angle on the same side . 
  stop me if i 'm wrong , but i kinda remember the last time we try to make pay germany , it did not end very well . 
  and frankly if we all want that sweet german money , instead of invoking the dead from 60 years ago , it should be used to serve the living . 
  i known , i 'm talking crazy right now , but europe is in the shitter , border control , terrorism , to develop some green ( or any color really ) energy to dry out the scumbags in saudi region . 
  i think it 's a better way to get the money , invoking the present . 
  but hey , what do i known ? 
  i 'm just a crazy nationalist after all , ai n't the fashion these days . 
  great or terrible , you do n't choose him . 
  i had the same though , then i saw a comment on the original picture , there are 3 picture with a flag at the end . 
  so nationalism wins . 
  in french there are ; suisse roman ( frenchspeaker ) suisse al\u00e9manique ( german speaker ), 
  ho look !, 
  the right wing people always praising the free market.unless of course it hurts their friends in the military industry . 
  we can continue to non sell ship russia , hurrah . 
  a good combo of nice food + shitting on ze rosbifs . 
  with unfortunately too much foreign food . 
  to my understanding , if you ca n't research in your field of science , your salary is 0 $ . 
  whatever the rate change is . 
  here is a great lesson of philosophy : let the philosophers write books and the life guards save people in the sea . 
  look good , you people really need some pr guy for your dishes . 
   `` enforced '' integration has never worked enforce ingratiation is what made it . 
  the last batch of migrants were not subject to that methods , see the results . 
  source : france 's entire history . 
  hey , if you known a guy , i 'm interested . 
  i have a great way to reunite them all , in an unmarked grave . 
  the romans made sure that wall prevent the passage of white walkers ( and yes , the wildlings too ) . 
  see france in 800 ad/700 ad ? 
  that 's when we had a german emperor . 
  the german trait is + 100 % bonus to land absorption . 
  would recommend . 
  if you want a show , crowd participation , cosplays , etc nothing beat the roman 's crucifixion . 
  but ai n't really an effective method . 
  eu is not some geographical club . 
  i remind you that south america , island scatted in the world are lands in eu , and switzerland is not.this is a political construction . 
  [ pic related ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/special_member_state_territories_and_the_european_union ), 
  i ca n't believe it . 
  what a sneaky way to advocate for your boring method . 
  you should known there are two ways with hanging . 
  the one with the neck broken instantly , and the suffocating method.you are telling a half truth . 
  wop , jump in time . 
  now we should discuss how long people can lie ?
