  true . 
  but with oil !, 
  the tactical retreat was a military move to consult some general about their loyalty and a possible military operation . 
  he made a lot of people shit their pants `` what 's the old man gon na do '' . 
  he hesitate to purge the communist rebellion with fire and blood . 
  instead , he dissolved the parliament and wins the election . 
  at the time , the main french military force , 30 000 men were stationed in germany . 
  one , she is not a man . 
  and two , her major discovery is in 1898 , so she belong for the greatest of the xix century.three , her french heritage is disputed ( see below ) . 
  and no , it 's not dishonest . 
  you are never disappointed . 
  on the 2nd paragraph , yes it is a very debatable point of view . 
  i hesitate to take this example . 
  at least once refuse to listen , and did not burn paris . 
  and when american soldiers drop their thomson , it 's for preferring the german mp40 . 
  do n't known , ask your jew friends if the waiting was worth it . 
  it fair to say he is more known to lead the africakorps than the western front ? 
  all right . 
  i do not known who told you or what you read for misleading you in that matter . 
  i was about to shit on americans , but it 's zi english zis time . 
  the title looks like a click bate for a study , it 's never a good sign . 
  sometime i rant about scientists who put a 3rd eye on a mouse for some reason . 
  when i read this , i want to give them money for putting a 4th eye because it 's real science at least . 
  and get rid of psychology and cognitive `` science '' . 
  ho and another thing , do you known how much european do n't like black people ? 
  man , a lot . 
  just look , africa is there , just under us . 
  but still we prefer colonize the americas . 
  yeah , that 's right , do not want black people near us , even as slaves.not gon na happen . 
  america love black people , they give them free boat ride !, 
  ** wrong , false , inaccurate . 
  ** first , the algerian war was handled by a centrist/socialist coalition for many years . 
  second , he obtain power in 1958 with backup of people thinking he 'll keep algeria in the french not so more empire . 
  he did not . 
  obtain a peace treaty . 
  then the extreme right attempt on his life several times . 
  you are literally claiming the contrary on what happened , and worst of all giving the link of your false claim . 
   de gaulle decided to open a series of negotiations with the fln , which concluded with the signing of the \u00c9vian accords on march 1962 . 
  a referendum took place on 8 april 1962 and the french electorate approved the \u00c9vian accords . 
  maybe some terminal ill patient ? 
  so few info on that picture , like the drug used . 
  greatest man of france for the xxth century , and the xxi st , so far . 
  looks like a statement . 
  a good one would be `` too young '' . 
  the low rate of trade union is that you can benefit from deals made by them even if you are not a member of that union . 
  to my knowledge , that 's not the same in other countries . 
  people are cheap , do n't want to share a % of their salary for something they get anyway.if french trade unions were so weak and so few , they could achieved nothing . 
   epsecially when the state ca n't afford that longer funny , because people criticizing when the state is poor do not want it even when the state is rich . 
  the poor state is not an argument for them , it 's an excuse . 
  it 's an old idea created by the right . 
  but we known now the socialist party , or its new form : macron is here finish the job . 
  there are some limitations , or requirement for that measure to take place ( from memory ) . 
  the salary must be in the same area around 15 % from previous . 
  the location of the job must be in a perimeter fixed by law . 
  i think there is also a consideration about family status , married , children , a parent to take care of , etc. . . 
  so you just need some baltic germans to make estonia great again . 
  what are you waiting for ? 
  what is your point ? 
  to be clear i am talking the period from 1920 ( independence ) to before the war . 
  not te period befor and after the war . 
   that estonian gdp was higher than finnish ( $ 3771 vs $ 3589 here the problem , numbers do not mean shit if you do not known the context . 
  i am reading a lot of wikipedia . 
  and just for these two country , i have to make sure how estonia was govern at the time , and how finland was too . 
  is there a civil war in finland for example , to understand the fall of gdp against estonia , or something else . 
  here that 's help  the backbone of the estonian economy became agricultural exports to the west , due to tens of thousands of small farm holdings being established as a result of land reforms that ended the baltic german economic dominance here something that do not help  communism persisted as a threat to stability in the early 1920s but receded after a failed december 1924 estonian coup d'\u00e9tat attempt . 
  so i have to do that to every country in your little picture to understand how accurate it would be to acknowledge these numbers . 
   you would be as poor as us right now so the supposition france under a communist dictatorship could have been from very bad , bad , mediocre , or very good if they used all the resources from all other country into france as a propaganda tools for the rest of the world . 
  or we could just took the path of communist china and do something entirely different . 
  no enraged that these worthless generals thought a wall could stop germany ( better to have a ocean or english chanel for that ) . 
  they should have been shot to the last one . 
  and nobody should have the title `` general '' before wining a battle . 
  i do n't known how many movies you saw on normandy assault , but it would have been a catastrophic failure if all the german forces was on the west front . 
  you could argue , they would change their strategies , and may not attack on that area in the first place . 
  you and i are speculating on alternative facts  ussr would have fallen so do n't act like you own the truth . 
  well , it serves my point , as these few troops caused a great delay on the allied advance to germany . 
  my view remains the same , all german troops , fresh or veteran , bleed slowly in the eastern front . 
  that 's why himmler wanted to achieve a peace with the allied , to focus on the strongest enemy . 
   he claimed that hitler would be dead within the next few days . 
  hoping that the british and americans would fight the soviets alongside the remains of the wehrmacht , himmler asked bernadotte to inform general dwight eisenhower that germany wished to surrender to the west . 
  so what ? 
  any country before the war was in better economic shape than after . 
  and the gdp do not tell if all the money was or not in the hands of few rich families of lands owners . 
  it was split in 1939 and confirmed in 1945 , before the war ended at yalta conference . 
  operation name relevant . 
  to avoid communism all over europe , as spooked you were from it . 
  it did n't prevent usa to wait 3 years . 
  thanks the japanese for that by the way . 
  i quite known that as where i live , it was the das reich path to the north for reinforcement . 
  they were stationed as recovery from the eastern front . 
  they were not full strength as they bleed over there . 
  do not put words in my mouth . 
  i known the `` generalissimus '' did n't believe the german invasion for some days and did not do shit , was n't prepare at all . 
  and the 20 millions soldiers death are here to testimony that . 
  you were underwhelm with wealth before the soviet with german landlords ? 
  let me check ... ho !, 
  it made the russian progress faster . 
  did not make the difference for the winning . 
  nothing to do with the allied . 
  all veteran troops were on the eastern front facing the red army . 
  without it , they could even put foot in europe .
