  i already made my original point . 
  no new bureaucrats non handling things . 
  the constitutional court in france , judge are chosen by politicians , and ex-presidents can siege . 
  great , it 's the season to rip some shirts . 
   dnc hack survivor you must fucking shitting me . 
  * check the profile *  always : feminism , coffee , minnesota , brunch ho i see . 
   blame it on us . 
  i am the only one that read `` blame it on u.s '' ? 
  russian trolling , best trolling . 
  france , just few time ago refuse to deliver boats to russia , and they brag about it . 
  i got so many examples that our government ca n't even took the moral high ground . 
  and what about that public statement ? 
  are we doing diplomacy like the germans now ? 
  or the americans ? 
  this is grotesque . 
  you see that kind of behaviors ? 
  `` you were commies , now take the crumbs and be grateful '' . 
  that 's the pro macron legions , and they do the same approach with poor people here.this condescending way of doing things . 
   we are frustrated to hear that the funds are suddenly used as a tool of political pressure or it has been all along the case and you just realize it . 
  i tried to explain that to people . 
  an obvious statement that need to be remembered . 
   poland-bashing wo n't hurt macron at home if i may.the `` polish plumber '' taking the baguette from the mouth of the hardworking french was an issue some years ago . 
  and it is strongly associated with the ( hard ) right . 
  he 'll be the white knight of `` european values '' with merkel , shitting on the conservative government . 
  if this shit goes wrong and prevent cd project red to develop their next game , i 'll call for an international force to occupy poland . 
  for the greater good . 
  well people , this is democracy . 
  people screaming at each others , pretending to be the sacred guardians of the constitution , etc. 
  de gaulle called the parliamentarians the `` loudmouthed '' , doing the exact same behavior just like before the war . 
  i think poslish are reasonable people . 
  it 's gon na be all right . 
  p.s : it 's still a thing to call each other `` comrade '' ? 
  or it 's a bad translation ? 
   pending the investigation , russia 's consumer protection agency advised parents who do buy the toy for their children to only buy it from authorized sellers well , that 's just prevention . 
   it 's like they learned nothing from the cold war . 
  i think they do n't give a shit about other seeing their movies and buying their cars . 
  they never have , and probably never will . 
  their day to day interest is to hold their huge country together , like the chinese and india . 
  just remember , they got the nuclear bomb 11 years before we did . 
  so if they want shit , they get it . 
  damn turks . 
  ho shit that press x in the middle of a fucking cinematic . 
  this behavior is not dead yet . 
  yo , long temps pas vu . 
  ha fuck . 
  well , we get rid of our king , was easier to do that than understand your german stuff . 
   these states employed relatively large mercenary armies , and the war became less about religion and more of a continuation of the france -- habsburg rivalry for european political pre-eminence . 
  the hate of the prussians is stronger than a 2 000 years old faith . 
  i already knew about that , and i 'm cultivating it in my country for a good reason . 
  it 's always a problem when you ask a soldier to kill foreigners who believe in the same super magic power as you . 
  it slows them for their jobs.give them second thoughts . 
  ca n't have that . 
  you explain how coffee went to spread to the population ( reminds me the introduction of chocolate in european courts ) . 
  but why the product coffee in the first place ? 
  was is a merchant who had opportunities to buy big for cheap , was an aristocrats who started the hype . 
  or just a whole population who prefers a distinctive taste than another ? 
  ( laughing in french ), 
  it 's a `` software '' problem , they say . 
  de gaulle was like that too . 
  not a big fan of public insubordination . 
  but he was a military man . 
  what 's sweetface excuse ? 
   bs patriotic nonsense ho , i start to see now . 
  you are like all these vegans who pretend to care about the animals , but they just want you to not eat meat . 
  he is a well respected technician and historian of the military . 
  again , it is not the tread about the opportunity of an intervention somewhere , it 's about money . 
  we 'll have many other occasion to talk bout that in the future . 
  as this map seems shitposting , it raises an interesting question . 
  as you can make a strong link between ex colonies productions , why italy or other choose a product more than another ? 
  what are the true influences ? 
  ps : country on the est , choose a goddamn side . 
  we did not killed them all . 
  some where allies in the revolution , helped us crushed the foreign invaders . 
  and the military family is strong among them.the catholic faith too , unfortunately . 
  a myth talk numerous time by pierre servant , the presentator of france 2 every year for le d\u00e9fil\u00e9 militaire du 14 juillet . 
  and a regular expert on france 5 . 
  you should write them . 
  and maybe the budget cuts , the unforeseen war in libya may have , maybe something to do with it . 
  as our troop are now begging for fucking yankee 's planes to transport them in africa . 
  and then you talking about the place to go , that absolutely not the debate about the budget and what we were talking about . 
   footprint are we talking global warming here ? 
  do you known how many country in europe can intervene anywhere in the world in less than 24 hours ? 
  two , uk and france . 
  and the rosbif are gone to the larger shores , it 's just us . 
  i would gladly brag about that all day long , but unfortunately for me , i have informations within the army that role can not be fulfill at its best capacities . 
  i do n't give a shit where the money is from , that line or that line in the budget ( and the politicians do n't either when they distribute their gifts to their friends ) . 
  i want the soldiers , and the gears well prepared for their missions . 
  i remember the first time i saw putin on the news , it was its introduction to the world as prime minister . 
  he was next to this huge boris guy , venerate in the west to avoid a bloodbath in his country . 
  and i thought `` well what a contrast '' , what can that little guy can do ? 
  is he really in charge , or they find some accounting in a back office somewhere ? 
  here years later , while europe is in a semi chaos , this vlad knows where he is from , where he is , and where he wants to go . 
  they were cutting the military budget for years now . 
  instead of maintaining it . 
  and to go back to the previous situation , it will not cost that we spare , ho no . 
  it will cost much , much more . 
  these worthless politicians scumbags . 
  the intelligence agencies were still set as they were fighting communist spies . 
  ai n't no commies who shoot down bourgeois like ducks in the fairground . 
  this general position seems `` courageous '' , but it ai n't .
