  it 's a case-by-case doctrine now . 
  the last person who tried to change the senate was c. de gaulle . 
  by referendum . 
  despite by the left `` populist method '' . 
  did n't end well for the most prestigious frenchman of the xxth century . 
  who do you think will be able to put that trick today ? 
   with other parties to get shit done . 
  and that 's how you do not get it . 
  french political history is filled with people stabbing each other in the back , left and right , ** within their own party . 
  ** jacques chirac was the master in this trade . 
  the old generation is fading away , but i do n't think politicians state of mind will change that fast . 
  neither did i. 
  did not use `` all '' and `` you '' either . 
  just saying people taking arms in their homeland are often labeled terrorists . 
  happened in all latitudes and longitudes . 
  and i 'll take frog 'n' chips any day . 
  `` suicide '' in [ lithuania ] ( https://i.redditmedia.com/93yocraj9vck2ifjkcp_x5gncnnvimdcokgifyktdr0.jpg?w=424&amp;s=c840f16e1391fc61a2e145d7da009529 ) . 
  and he lost the element of surprise.unwise . 
   he is a serious racist you prefer funny racists i guess . 
  it 's so difficult to find reliable sources on that 's happening over there . 
  still , from people coming from low water resources , it 's triggering . 
  i saw it as `` make europe great again '' by reviving nation states . 
  time of prosperity , science , philosophy and confidence in future . 
  without fear , without remorse , without mercy . 
  all that potable water wasted ... gas is much more efficient than liquid . 
  or in palestine , i heard the beaches are great . 
  ha an italian bloke . 
  since we heard a lot from poland and hungry . 
  how about the big boot ? 
  there are some migrants , but in a near future when libya will fall as expected , what italians will do . 
  give me some insight in italian politics in that subject . 
  front national can have 19 % or 25 % without any representative . 
  it 's how the system can work . 
  or they got a lot of free time . 
  the minister is a good example on how is it different from the theory of the text and the reality . 
  for example in the constitution ( of france ) , it is the prime minister who appoint ministers . 
  but , in really it 's the president who validate the ministers , if he do not want a person for any reason ( even if the prime minister is not the party of president ) and the pm ca n't do shit about . 
   it 's how democracies work again , this word is very interpretative . 
  for example france was considered a democracy in 1936 . 
  but half its population could not vote : the women . 
  dictatorship on the other hand is very universal . 
  you search for the gdp on these periods , i salute you . 
  but i do n't trust them now , i do not trust the numbers of this period either . 
  ( goldman sachs cheat the numbers of the greek state to force their entry in eu in 1981 , by the influence of a french ex president by the way ) . 
  this is what i known of greece from today : they sells lots of their property and lands to foreigners , their life expectancy is shorter , their youth fled and they are poorer . 
  thanks for the insight . 
  and i 'm thinking , you can brag to foreigners like `` hey i can speak 4 languages '' and the only one is very different is english . 
  you kinda cheat . 
  commission  the commission is composed of a college of `` commissioners '' of 28 members ( . . ) even though each member is appointed by a national government appointed is an important notion . 
  and there are those with executive powers . 
  the council is indirectly elected in some way . 
  and finally the parliament , a joke as for decades they were no consequence to their vote . 
  they are here for the show . 
   which is n't actually different than the specific regions of my country/populace getting out-voted by the majority . 
  well , that 's in theory . 
  because no one elected in my country would have done in a region anything close that was impose to greece . 
  after 5 years of german occupation in my homeland , any regions in france was in a better shape 5 years later than greece is now . 
  and i saw no german tank in athens . 
  before you go ... is there any gold or silver in your name , it 's for my listing . 
  i may have mislead you , i was not referring specifically to individuals quoted in the article . 
  i was referring to all those behind desk pulling the strings . 
  like in my youth , i was not shitting on g.w. 
  bush , but the military -- industrial complex behind him . 
  i do n't care much about individuals , too much names , too much nationalities to remember . 
  i aim those they serve , hiding in darkness and corruption . 
  hey for a latin dude , how different these languages are from each other ? 
  accents , words here and there , or major differences ? 
  p.s : i just can tell the `` herbata '' dude seems to play solo . 
  ha , i was wondering when these references will appear in the tread . 
  i am quite amassed how germany can push for a federal union without any set of tools attached to a federal money system . 
  you have a high efficiency at building stuff , and high efficiency at destroying them . 
   quo without massive transfer of wealth to poorest regions ? 
  you mean ... like ... a real country ? 
  ha ha !, 
  not gon na happened . 
  5 public servants gathering around looking at stuff doing nothing . 
  so it is in all countries the same ... 
  24 fps , it 's a shame . 
  but 1080p , ca n't always have all . 
  i hope poland and hungary will smack down these unelected eurocrats . 
  after all 60 years of bolshevism , this e.u should be easy to handle . 
   the multiethnic society is a necessity , but when you read that , you known do n't need to read the rest of it . 
  an old politician trick . 
  i guess `` cassation '' is the highest court in the country . 
  it 's a bad sign when you have to put your best lawmen to rule on the basics core value of your country that the man from the street should have told you without hesitation . 
  it is a better argument . 
  the alliance to counter the warsaw pact may played a role . 
  i can reply that alliances made wwi also . 
  ho boy , they were [ so happy ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/9f/french_heavy_cavalry_paris_august_1914.jpg ) to go to that war . 
  [ on the pictures ] ( http://static.ladepeche.fr/content/media/image/zoom/2013/11/07/201311071727-full.jpg ) you can see that . 
  but nato preventing war or not the result would be the same , fire and destruction in europe , while quiet and peace in the us soil ( and making money from it ) . 
  the wars lead by men are insignificant next to the power of mother nature . 
  her diseases , natural catastrophes , famines have kill much more than all warlords combine . 
  science through medicine has saved and will save more people than any politics or diplomats ever will . 
  damn , i follow you on the first sentence.but  there would have been no wars regardless of the eec/eu . 
  this statement is as false as the propaganda eu = peace . 
  it is not an argument in the first place , so the opposite can not be applied . 
  as a child , she is bound by the laws of men to her parents . 
  they must provide food , shelter and her well being . 
  until she comes to an age of free will .
