  but in reality , they are far from each other . 
  i will not ague the doctrine difference in english , gon na be too hard for me . 
  just for the practice of power . 
  hamon participate ( was sub minister ) in the less socialist government france had since wwii . 
  even the grotesque sarkozy nationalized a company to protect the interest of france . 
  the last holland government just give billions in tax cuts to private sector . 
  some burst of hypoglycemia , but i 'm ok . 
  thanks . 
  i gain 1kg , just looking at the picture !, 
  i was about to talk how pissed i am to see americans discovering nuttela . 
  it 's our stuff , our pride . 
  and i known , at some point in time , they gon na desecrate this marvelous creation . 
  like this [ nsfw ] ( http://i2.cdn.cnn.com/cnnnext/dam/assets/170221095659-president-of-iceland-wants-to-ban-pineapple-pizza-exlarge-169.jpg ) . 
  instead , i will talk about a great man : arnold schwarzenegger . 
  he achieved his passion in his own country . 
  went to the americas , become a successful actor , with an unpronounceable name , and barely speaking the language . 
  finish as governor . 
  a great career . 
  ps : special thanks to bill burr . 
  that 's why you do n't have to do that to visit a doctor . 
  me : mother !, 
  i have a strange thing on my dick !, 
  what should i do ? 
  mother : i do known my son . 
  go see a doctor , stupid cunt . 
  me : thank you mother , what i will become without you . 
  who knew creating more countries will multiply the problems . 
  who knew !, 
  worship the heart tree . 
  for the old gods !, 
  first of all it 's giving them what they want . 
   if mental health was n't such a taboo a taboo ? 
  really ? 
  i 've a few subject in me head i consider taboo , but suicide is in it . 
  you think of religious people ? 
  they talk about suicide , for some of them is forbidden and for another encourage ( follow my look ) . 
  but they are not afraid to talk about it . 
  your example you gave me just enforce my thought . 
  and the guy who killed `` american sniper '' . 
  i do n't want anyone i known taking a plane , and the pilot decide his suicide will be crashing it into the mountains . 
  but i guess no one are talking about the dead , because they are not here to complain how bad they feel about life . 
  i do think of them . 
  it does not require this sub attention , for sure . 
   nobody on * all * sub fify, 
  interesting story . 
   and in 1964 she attempted suicide by overdosing on her medication and  just before the execution hepnarov\u00e1 collapsed and had to be dragged to the gallows . 
  disgusting creature . 
  the fake suicide attempt , and killing random people . 
  i should enforce a law that 's any failed attempt of suicide is punishable by death . 
   he wanted to avenge attacks on the bataclan theatre and champs-\u00c9lys\u00e9es i can understand someone doing that few days afters the attacks , in a bloodlust . 
  but two years later makes no sense . 
  and why this place ? 
  did he discover salafi activity , or it is just 10 minutes away from his home . 
  we are miles away from the worthless poets . 
   that decided to follow science because they were inspired by science fiction from jules verne to h. g. wells theirs motivations and personal traits are irrelevant . 
  as their invention do not require to read or do their hobby , to be able to enjoy and to use their creations . 
  did the creator of the aqueducts read 100 poems or none ? 
  its building bring water to the city nonetheless . 
  theirs motivations is irrelevant , for glory , money of pussies . 
  only the accuracy of their results and recherche . 
  as it will lead others to more test and piratical inventions without reading a single page of shakespear . 
   science is much closer to poetry than it is to technology the double meaning , the repetition , the juxtaposition of word to seek the deep soul of man . 
  very close to science indeed . 
  or not at all . 
   the society was built upon how pompous of a statement . 
  as many as 95 % of any population did not known how to read for centuries . 
  you known what is the base any civilization ? 
  agriculture . 
  when you do not need to spend all your day chasing food . 
  literature is way down the list . 
  i could trigger you a little more , if i talk about the hierarchy within science itself . 
  but i feel you did not choose you domain maybe , a family thing to do . 
  abandoning your old dream of literature . 
  and that 's why you are so salty about it . 
  it 's a hobby . 
  i am not at all . 
  a regular bloke , science enthusiasm . 
  sure there are scientists like that , as in all large population sample . 
  but whatever the traits of scientist , at the end , his works and discovers benefit for all , where ever you are in the world , and use it to discover more . 
  indeed . 
  science at its dawn was attached to many other disciplines . 
  now it has its own specialist in many domains . 
  it does not dismiss my pov about poets . 
  there are many nuances between worthless and less important . 
  and i did talk about * arts * , talking about literature , and poems in particular . 
  but the triggering is strong . 
  it alters a reasonable mind . 
  no a lizard !, 
  all the things you describe have a important role , noble gentleman.but not as important . 
  and science improves forward , always . 
  all the rest go back and forth . 
  i do not think it 's a reasonable statement . 
  people sang , dance and did arts since dawn of time . 
  painting in cavern thousand years ago . 
   that 's where poetry and arts play a big role . 
  but here the big difference . 
  we can counts , evaluate how many lives has been saved by science , how many workers live longer with better working conditions , how many cripple can walk again or use their hands again , how many baby were saved from difficult labor . 
  people who got water , food and medicine in remote area . 
  and so on . 
  and you can not .
