  it 's very common for the european left to look at fascists in the me and say ` they do n't mean it ' or ` they do n't know any better ' or ` its not their fault they 're fascists - it 's * our * fault !, 
  ' , and i think thats a very racist position to hold . 
  you say america ( who people love to blame for everything under the sun ) is to blame for the ecxistence of the taliban , and i disagree . 
   maybe we should allow russians to dump modern weapons , tactical equipment and a nuclear warhead or two to syrian government , instead of simply supporting it you do n't think russia has sent asad modern weapons and tactical equipment ? 
  are you crazy ? 
   there are radical movement in almost every country . 
  those are kept in check because rarely they have access to any meaningful arsenals or resources where did the taliban get all of its weapons and ammunition ? 
  again , you 're crazy to infer that the taliban is today using weapons and ammunition given to the mujahadeen by the us . 
  the taliban gets their aks and ak ammo on the black market , and the us does not manufacturre ak47 's . 
  where do they get them from ? 
  you tell me . 
   first of all : ussr , not russia . 
  no matter what the us propaganda says those are two different countries . 
  of course the ussr was not a ` country ' but i let that go because english is n't your first language . 
  but you 're crazy if you do n't think russia , which was as much the ussr as the us is nato , was n't the force behind the soviet 's invasion of afghanistan . 
  are you * really * trying to say that russia is n't the country to blame for the soviet invasion of afghanistan ????? 
  i 've literally never heard that russia was n't in charge of soviet union policy before . 
   we actually celebrated independence from ussr every year . 
  my father 's country too . 
  if they would have caught him escaping they would have sent him to the gulag . 
   the reason it 's still a smoldering ruin is because no one is willing to allow afghans to figure solutions for their own problems . 
  so you want the us to leave tomorrow . 
  what will happen then ? 
  civil war , tens of thousands if not hundreds of thousands dead by the rend of the year . 
  or do you think all afghanistan needs for peace is somehow simply for the us to leave , and afghanistan the next day would turn into a hippy love and dope paradise ? 
  what are you basing the premesis of your opinions on ? 
  your personal random guesses , shaped by russian media ? 
   they do n't even have a real government at the moment , just puppets . 
  the taliban were a real government of afghanistan , and there 's no way you would call them us puppets . 
  they are also armed to the teeth with many guns and bullets made after the end of the cold war and are willing to die - so you would support a taliban government ? 
  or at least the fighting of a civil war of epic proportions ? 
  and you call yourself anti-war ? 
   ca n't or do n't want ? 
  you position is clear : `` we did nothing wrong '' `` we are the good guys '' `` evil russians doing evil things because they 're evil '' `` axis of evil '' etc. 
  this is just rediculous blabbering . 
  i could make fun of you too , but i do n't want to stoop to your level . 
   however , it 's not uncommon even among american students who come to germany to study . 
  even after spending 5 years studying in the same auditorium with a few , i 'm still amazed with the way they teach modern history in the us . 
  you makre this jump in your post to this , just to insult americans . 
  but you know what i know ? 
  i know that americans do n't spend five years studying in europe , we do it one semester , as a study abroad during a bachelor , or at the most three semesters during a masters . 
  so you have spent five years at the same university with zero americans - we do n't go to germany for an entire bachrelors , except if the person is a dual citizen . 
  so why infer you 've spent five years with the same person/people from the us . 
  and you want to know what else i know ? 
  americans do n't really interact much with preople of slavic background with an attitude like you have - we can smell it a mile away . 
  know how i know ? 
  i too studied in germany for quite some time , and it was apparent in a day or two , who the student or students were , who were from former ussr countries , who held anti-american views . 
  its really obvious , even though i 'm sure you tricked everybody ( you tricked nobody ) . 
  you were one of these guys who nobody really talked to that much or showed that much interest in , right ? 
  thought so . 
  and finally , i wonder how it was that you were able to afford all those years studying ? 
  did you have a job that paid all of your exprenses , like very few university students did ? 
  or were you at least partially paid by the german state with a generous scholarship ? 
  whether you were or not , the least you could do to repay the kindness of the german state for all they have given you , would have been to study hard enough that you learn about how the world actually works instead of just doing barely well enough and solidifying your own anti-globalist views !, 
  i do n't disagree !, 
  but he was shot in the chest , do n't tell me police in the eu do n't shoot to kill . 
  the ` k ' in your ` afaik ' is the problem , because you do n't know . 
  lol, 
  me too , i do n't know why the snarky attitude above ( then again that 's kind of how europeans just are on this board ), 
  i feel like i can only answer sarcastically to you , because i ca n't take anything you say seriously . 
  time to step away from this convo for me . 
  and why did the us get involved in afghanistan ? 
  so ultimately russia is to blame , not the us . 
  this game is fun . 
  and the taliban is mos def subsisting only on weapons given to them during the cold war , sure . 
  or do you think grown men ca n't make their own adult decisions just because their skin is brown ? 
  because afghans are totally capable of achieving a stable , free and open society with a thriving economy all on their own . 
  we 're basically filling the role of un peacekeepers , with the mandate of being able to deal with kamikaze attacks as best as we can . 
  that 's true in the case of saddam that nobody should have tried to help iraq , and that the famous murderous dictator should still be in power today , and that isis is basically iraqis and that iraqis basically ca n't help themselves . 
  which is why i did n't support the invasion at all . 
  why should we put our ass on the line to try to help people like that ? 
  people who always hated us and always will , by the way . 
  syrians all hate the us too , i hope they never thought we 'd intervene , and thank god obama did n't start bombing assad 's runways or anything there , that war is their business , not ours . 
  you 're ~ ~ such a di ~ ~ so mean, 
  sanctimony much ? 
  that 's the famous problem of conjecture which bedevils policymakers in the position to try and actually make the world a better place - you can never know what would otherwise have happened had you taken no action . 
  your anti-americaism is leaking again cametosaybla [ * preempively shielding face from all but certain incoming attack from the ever-innocent cametosaybla , sure to contain many incendiary sanctimonious word missiles of truth * ], 
  it is n't about being called american , its about the what would america do ? 
  and doing the opposite . 
  its exactly what merkel did and why she 's supported by europe 's mighty left . 
  and btw , its my observation that you germans are quite well-versed in mildly passive aggressive ;-), 
  what are you basing this on ? 
  i know a guy in germany who recently caught two in the torso ( lived ), 
  i would hope he would use that experience/inertia to get a job somewhere in the political sphere . 
  his country could probably use him . 
  considering your flair and the current time , i guess you 're also just a little tired ;-), 
  der spiegel has done essentially the same thing already . 
  and by the way i lived in flensburg and kiel for six years , have a masters degree from the university of flensburg ( which as a resident of hamburg i guess you 've heard of ) , so there 's that . 
  i 've been to hamburg , where you 're from , like twenty times , so no need to talk shit based on my flair and the information you collected in r/europe :d though i know you wo n't respond to this post . 
  first i thought you were american , then i thought you were a european living in america , now i realize you 're just a european guy in his early twenties talking about america based on things you 've read about the us and a few conversations you 've had . 
  you talk as if it is n't a `` huge amount of effort '' to move halfway around the world and integrate yourself into that country 's society . 
  do you see how that could be perceived as irritating to the people from that country ? 
  i do n't go all over the internet and talk shit about germany even though i lived there for years , because after a few years , unless you deserve it , living somewhere you * chose * to live is great . 
  i wonder about your  `` western '' experience when all you do is talk shit . 
   and carlin was n't living the american dream . 
  he just happened to have a lot of money in america ; you can have a lot of money in any country and culture . 
  i do n't know how to respond to this assertion ( semi-colon and all ! ), 
  except to disagree and restate what i said previously . 
  in russia ya 'll work for a dollar an hour ? 
  damn .
