  / europe has gotten so much better re : popular opinion on the us since 2013-ish . 
  that period was ruff . 
  during the disaster in the philippeans , germany 's performance was a laughingstock , logistics capabilities and all . 
  to be fair , the only reason why cyprus is n't in nato is because turkey does n't allow it . 
  cyprus is a member of nato 's paertnership for peace program . 
  its in our interests that europe is safe , secure , peaceful and prosperous . 
  do all politicians say what they think ? 
  why do you say 10 years and not 11 - did you just pick an arbitrary number ? 
  can german politicians see the future ? 
  is a country 's defense based on concrete rock solid threats ? 
  would a serious politician ever publicly say they think a country might invade another country ten years out ? 
  are you just basically guessing ? 
  if so why write a random guess about what others may or may not think about events happening ten years in the fut ... *** kopfschmerz ***, 
  that sentence hurt my head . 
  so many questions, 
   point ? 
  there are many people who can speak russian in the world , too many even . 
  does n't mean a thing . 
  is your english so bad , that you ca n't see my obvious point ? 
  my point is that i 'm not anti-russian , and your cute little assertion that i 'm somehow a republican neocon bush supporter who believes in bush 's axis of evil bullshit , that the russians are somehow the bad guys and we 're the good guys and that the russians are evil , is a fucking joke . 
  you really could n't see that that was my point ? 
  did you think i was mentioning that in a vaccuum , while forgetting the baseless and frivolous charge you hurtled at me ? 
  what did you think my point was - that i wanted to opem up my life to you so we could become pen pals or something ? 
   sure not . 
  this is why they have their own contingent there . 
  even as you 're looking at videos from there you can see that saa is using equipment produced in 80s at best . 
  rusty tanks and planes , no guided munitions . 
  probably never versions of aks but that 's about it . 
  russians are using their own equipment . 
  guess they learned their lesson well after all those weapons left all over the place were turned against them . 
  look what kind of info you can find with six seconds of research : http://lmgtfy.com/?q=russia+gives+assad+weapons here 's one of the articles-http : / / mobile.reuters.com/article/iduskcn0rh15s20150918  the syrian military has recently started using new types of air and ground weapons supplied by russia , a syrian military source told reuters on thursday , underlining growing russian support for damascus that is alarming the united states . 
   `` the weapons are highly effective and very accurate , and hit targets precisely , '' the source said in response to a question about russian support . 
  `` we can say they are all types of weapons , be it air or ground . '', 
   the source said the army had been trained in the use of the weapons in recent months and was now deploying them , declining to give further details other than saying they were `` new types . '', 
  so you can see how someone in my position might not trust your opinion , when you say russia has given syria only a few aks , when even a child could refute that assertion ? 
  didm n't you ever do research before making claims about what 's going on in a warzone ? 
   they 'd never achieve this success if not for the us . 
  this is just juvenile whataboutism . 
  you 'll blame everybody except the taliban for the existence of the tsaliban . 
  and i think that afghans wanted to organize to fight the russians/soviets regardless . 
  you do n't think that had anything to do with them forming into the mujahadeen ? 
  human agency ? 
  or are afghans in your opinion just mindless robots with brown skin ? 
  are you just regurgitating some superficial accusation you once heard some teenager say ? 
   right . 
  `` chill , it was a joke , bro '' . 
  speaking about stooping on `` my level '' . 
  i have no idea what yuou 're trying to say . 
  do you speak in a language other than reddit memes ? 
  we use that phrase to describe a situation like when a friend tries to give his buddy a blowjob/rimjob/zjob while drunk , and it does n't really apply here . 
   i 'm an engineer and even my russian diploma , yeah i remember you saying this , maybe take out an ad on reddit ? 
  and i 'll reiterate my point that its a shame that you studied in germany for so long , did n't make one american friend while you were there and just try to smear your old classmates years later on the internet when its clear to all you just lacked social skills and are bitter ( at god knows what - because the history knowledge of a few american students really set you off !!, 
  yeah right / s ) , and furthermore during all that time you apparently never learned how to do a simple google search . 
  you just come off as a little bitter man , and i feel kind of sorry for you : /, 
  i 'll take two or three tom sawyer 's lawyers , four four to the floor terror beats , and five yes five czeched-in czechs please !, 
  like us with our arizona bay, 
  you have no idea lol, 
  you 're right i totally do n't care !!, 
  enjoy your many future reddit posts about bush and iraq , and about how it was so not the right thing to do . 
  ok , who lives in canada because everything in canada is perfect , right ? 
  no student loan payments , credit card bills , mortgages are so much more affordable somehow , everyone there welcomes with genuine friendliness every person who hails from the former ussr - unlike the cold americans : in fact there 's almost no culture shock for such people when they move to canada - its like a perfect utopia !, 
  george carlin did n't even live the so-called american dream ( tm ) and he can be reduced to the size of his bank account !, 
  the fact that we 're even talking about him right now is in no way an indicator of him having led said dream !, 
  / s really , i 'd expect a more nuanced and measured view , without making teenage-esque blanket statements from a guy in his 30s , especially one from ( ? ), 
  north america . 
  sure , i figured it 'd be pretty rare though, 
  i guess english is n't your first language , so its ok that you were n't connecting that i was responding to when you said  turkish cypriots and people of turkey had nothing to do with each other , and same goes for the turkish settlers at the north and the turkish cypriot community . 
  turkish cypriots use turkish money , the name of their ` banana republic ' as you call it ( your country ? ), 
  begins with the word ` turkish ' , the way you describe yourself starts with the word turkish : how much clearer can it be that turkish cypriots and turkey have ` something ' to do with each other ? 
  you say that turkish cypriots have been in cyprus for thousands of years but that 's a lie , its only been a few hundred years and that was always through force . 
  no wonder the conflict is so intractable , you stand stead-fastedly behind a clearly fraudulent claim as a rightful ` cypriot ' , which is why the eu allowed the roc full eu membership even though the rules of the eu state that no nation may become a full ms that has an open territorial conflict . 
  the eu basically told you guys to quit your bullshit . 
  that article took a second to read ;-) i thought there was no way you 'd be consistently launching those stones at the us from the pure glass house of citizenship of the dubious at best trnc . 
  both sides are guilty , and though greek cypriots were brutal , so were the turks in the north . 
  remind me again why turkey is the only country in the world that recognizes the turkish republic of northern cyprus ? 
  and for that matter , if ` turkish cypriots ' and the people of turkey have nothing to do with one another , why is yor ( internationally non-recognized country ) called the * turkish republic * of northern cyprus ? 
  one might further wonder for starters , why your official currency is the turkish lira ? 
  so many questions . . edit : finally , how was it that turks had lived on the island for thousands of years when the ottoman empire only conqurered the island in 1571 ? 
  genuinely curious , is there something i 'm missing ? 
  sure , because everything the us does in the world is necessarily bad for the world . 
  as if erdogan is n't anything but a pure negative stain on humanity , only doing things to try to turn turkey into a regional power . 
   i 'm from the turkish cypriot community mate now i understand even more , all turks ` dislike ' ( * wink ) the us . 
  and if my sources are correct , turkey basically just exported a large number of turks to cyprus simply to be able to hold at least the northern part of the island , which means you 're ... well . . at heart just turkish . 
  greek cypriots there for thousands of years , turks there for forty , and ya 'll have the same right to use ` cypriot ' ? 
  that does n't make much sense, 
  remind me , has cyprus and cypriot greeks slaughtered any turks en-masse lately ? 
  or have the peacekeepers kept you guys from killing turks these days ? 
  thank god the brits are there , or there 'd be [ mass graves ] ( http://www.worldbulletin.net/world/128235/mass-grave-of-massacred-turkish-cypriots-found-in-cyprus ) containing hundreds or thousands of turkish cypriots littering that barb-wire island . 
  the island with the dark cloud over it . 
  ha , no , nobody is saying you hate the us . 
  i know you jumped to that extreme to try to defend yourself and i do n't think you truly thought that 's what i meant , but whatever . 
  i mean , you 're acting like people have n't studied this phenomenon before . 
  based on my admittedly superficial observations , i 'd say that you 'd fall under katzenstein and keohane 's variety of anti-americanism called [ social anti-americanism ] ( https://www.princeton.edu/~rkeohane/publications/antiamerinwpch1.pdf ) . 
  i do n't think that you are so positive about other aspects of the us , maybe you are - such as in the areas of fashion or entertainment . . but even so , it 's been shown that extreme positive feelings for the us and feelings of anti-americanism can be [ complementary concepts ] ( http://www.andymarkovits.com/docs/gps-obamamania.pdf ) . 
  i do n't begrudge you , on some level i understand it , but i 'd just like you to understand that nothing you say in the negative about the us is new or notable in any way , and from my eyes ( someone who 's studied this stuff ) , you just come off as a cardboard cutout of a reddit user - and with all your hubris . 
  and believe me , i 'd love it if you actually said something interesting !, 
  by the way , both my father and my best friend speak fluent russian . 
  things are n't always what they may seem , and its not so easy to just put people in a little box . 
  but alright , first , i was n't being serious when i said russia is responsible for the taliban . 
  i think afghans are full stop .
