  for most countries , this would count as normal . 
  for germany , it remains complicated . 
  this explains to an extent why the us acting in its own self interest in int ' l affairs , and being clear it is doing as such , is greeted with a certain naive abhorrence especially from germany . 
  it 's normal . 
  ( and if anything , iraq was * against * the us national interest btw ), 
  why havent the mods taken this down ? 
  and let me guess - you 're above it all , innit ? 
  you 're better than them all i reckon edit : what are you talking about that the ` common mouse kills millions ' ? 
  are you just making things up and writing them as though they are fact ? 
  also , as a un soldier , you should n't talk about the people of the us as though we are terrified of every little thing , like we ca n't leave our bedrooms . 
  we invented the un , and we fund it . 
  you should know better . 
  it 's very insulting , this language you use to be honest . 
  and daesh is not engaged in warfare , they are engaged in large-scale terrorism . 
  they are not soldiers , they are terrorists . 
  you do n't think daesh is engaged in terrorist activity ? 
  or maybe you think the us is more dangerous than northern iraq and syria ? 
  hell , during the 2000 's , the civil war in iraq ( iraqis killing iraqis ) killed around a million people , you do n't think that had anything to do with terror ? 
  you european kids man , i tell ya . 
  you were trying to make it sound like there were only a hundred or two hundred raped in sweden in an entire year lol, 
  this got x posted on / russia, 
  what are you a monk . 
  speak for yourself, 
  you write as if you know the answer , and nobody does . 
   in 1975 there where 109 charged for it , and in 2013 the number was 178 . 
  an increase , but nowhere near 1700 % . 
  you 're doing it here , too . 
  the topic is women raped , not those successfully prosecuted for raping . 
  for clarity , because you seem to be trying to obfuscate for some reason , in 2014 , there were 6,700 rapes reported to the swedish police . 
  the truth is in the middle . 
  tbh , just at 5 in the morning ( and then just fast as fuck ) . 
  the normal stall is where its at . 
  holy shit that 's the most useless thing i 've ever read about anything evrer . 
  good thing !, 
  ( the downvote option is there for posts that do n't contribute anything of value , no ? ), 
  i always fly with an e cig , because it magically transforms every handicapped toilette / normal stall into a smoking area . 
   most of americas airport are old airport goddammit . . 
   schiphol  he accidentally went outside checks out, 
  what would hitch say ? 
  i for one am happy to see the government taking a firm stand against shitposting . 
  if you try to help everybody , soon you will become the one who needs help . 
  it seems to me there 's an element of chauvanism in the feeling that europe can handle this million-and-counting asylum seeker influx without too much problem . 
  i wish that point would be made more often . 
  wait . . words matter on / europe ? 
  was the 12 stars of europe trophy designed by / europe ? 
  maybe an amalgamation of the eu flag drawn from memory only ? 
  his arrest * did * unite / europe and / murica for a day , so putin 's not wrong per se , i just do n't take reddit as seriouslty as putin does i guess, 
   when it comes to fascism ( which the national front is close to i hope we 'd all agree ) speak for yourself, 
  i was actually disappointed to see iran on the list . 
  i recently purchased my ticket from eu back to the states from expedia.com , and i was given the usual two options of ` aisle seat ' or ` window seat ' . . but then i noticed a new third option i 've never seen before - ` next to fat man seat ' . 
  know which one i chose ? 
  true that, 
  i see what you 're saying , but in northern germany i just saw a few good bands who were really doing interesting things , and a huge amount of mediocre stuff , which greatly disappointed me . 
  what i 'm really talking about are jazz musicians for a bluesy post-rock project . 
  it was just hard - for example , it was crazy difficult going to germany as an american and telling german musicians you 'd like them to start a band with you and you 're the band leader . 
  as happened once with me re : a music project i had w / a german guy for 16 months , those dynamics just have a tendency to break the project down . 
  it 'd be the same thing the other way around , us americans and germans are probably equally as hard headed !, 
  plus things like , theoretically i would never be able to promise my german bandmates i 'd be in the country a year from now . 
  that ` feeling ' of uncertainty actually had a greater chilling effect on my music career than all other things combined . 
  if i 'm american , i should start a serious music project in america , no need to get fancy ( after all ) . 
  ha nah , apart from having a little too much fun , one thing the us does well is jazz ( of course ) ; i want to start a serious post-rock band with the best musicians possible . 
  in europe , they teach children classical music , while in the us , we teach children classical * and * jazz . 
  it 's those who were in jazz band in high school i 'm looking for , and if you find such a person in europe , chances are they already have too many music projects going on . 
  that 's sort of what i thought at first , as well . 
  and during the time i was thinking that , i was with a friend who would in no way ever just fling out disparaging words about large groups of people , and he used the word ami in referring to me . 
  and i asked him about it , and his answer basically satisfied my curiosity , that it is n't a word that is spiteful in and of itself , though i think it * can * be ( i.e. 
  germans have a tendency to shorten up some words so they 're kind of cute , and that 's an example . 
  i understand why , because always using the word ` american ' gets to be tedious in a certain way , from for example my perspective of such a long time in europe , because its so ubiquitous , so famous , such an always-there influence , that when you just use the official ` american ' word in normal conversation , it gives you this feeling like for the moment you use it , you turn into a coca-cola advertisement or something . 
  saying a slightly different version of the word ` american ' kind of lets you keep/claim your identity for that moment , and lets you get on with your point . 
  and i do n't like the ` usual ' things about the us that most europeans do n't like anyway , like now that i 'm back i have to be a soldier in the grocery market not to get fat . 
  big up germany - your grocery stores got me to under 10 % bfp with almost no effort on my part . 
  germany : come looking like you , leave looking like brad pitt in fight club :-) europe does n't fuck around with trans fats , and now i have to deal with a world of them , so i say ami . 
  whatever . 
  after living in de for 6 years ( just returned home yesterday , today most chill day ever ) its become comfortable for me , plus i know people on this board will understand and such, 
  i meant posters with ami flair on / europe . 
  he uses such hyperbole that even if i may agree to one extent or another , everytime i read one of his posts i cringe . 
  i do n't like that feeling , so i 'm saying something . 
  exvampireweekend , are you still going on / europe , with every post you make being cringe-inducing ? 
  why ? 
  you make us all look bad . 
  at least use some sources or balance your comments with qualifications or caveats or something , jesus . 
  with a title like this , i think everyone would think this is bullshit . 
  what happened then , praytell ? 
  actually , after six years of living in germany , and years browsing / europe from time to time , i have to basically agree ( though the one thing i 'll recommend forever to single people is to live in berlin for a month or two , it 'll change your life ) . 
  my point was that by her statements , she was essentially officially sanctioning illegal activity . 
  it is n't uncharacteristic of merkel , it * may seem * uncharacteristic . 
  they may seem uncharacteristic of merkel , because she just invited a million migrants from the middle east to illegally come to germany . 
  that does n't sound very blatantly anti-refugee to me , anyway . 
  i notice a lot of germans on / europe weave between making sense and then sometimes not, 
  i finally see what you 're saying . 
  you 're saying that you feel closer , more friendship , with european countries today such as germany , even though you guys fought * two * huge world wars together , than you do ` friendship ' with the us , even though we fought * with * you , because basically britain and germany are both * european * . 
  and live today in basically the same place and share basically the same fate . 
  and that ww2 argument ( the uk and germany are closer than the uk and the us in your opinion ? 
  what about ww2 ? ), 
  gets blunted , when you say `` ah , nah , the us fought in ww2 for only its own interests and did n't actually give a damn about us '' . 
  now i get it . 
  so it does n't matter really what i say , you 're talking about your identity here ( or , more to the point your european identity ) , so there 's no real point in me responding . 
  what are you talking about m8 ? 
  your ` freebies ' was the american blood spilled on european soil during the 20th century you twat . 
  age of acquarious ( sp ? ),
