  mfw some brit googles a few german words and tries to use them to make a german person feel guilty about not allowing the entire me to live in germany forever, 
  from this post , i half-way regret writing ` from the bottom of my heart ' to you earlier . 
   there is no such thing as the american dream , and as george carlin so elegantly put it , `` you have to be asleep to believe in it . 
  george carlin * lived * the american dream . 
   you better be prepared to pay huge living expenses , like rent , insurance , taxes , credit card debt , education debt , etc. 
  rent and insurance are not an american phenomenon . 
  and `` credit card debt , education debt '' are not living expenses . 
  i 've never had a credit card , and i 'm fine . 
  get a debit card instead . 
  and regarding all these ` stresses ' about living in the us - i met a guy from poland from the plane from chicago to europe , first time he 'd been back for years , and he looked and seemed fine to me . 
  pretty cool guy . 
  he did n't have white hair and a tic or something , which is what you 're kind of making it seem like . 
   there are some things here that will really make you raise your eyebrows ( and then wonder if that 's what you want for your kids ) finally , i 've never seen a thing and it made me wonder if i wanted to move to canada or europe . 
  i lived in europe for years for other reasons than some thing i saw . 
  it took me five years in germany before i felt comfortable . 
  i think you 're talking about something universal , and then prescribing it as something ` american ' , because unconsciously you 're all about american exceptionalism and somehow think what you 're describing is n't the way it is everywhere . 
  you think in russia , op is n't seeing things , which make him wonder if that 's the place he always wants to live ? 
  that 's the point of his post . 
  sure it does , because to truly support the eu , you already have to be willing to give up a part of your national sovereignty to a relatively faceless/unaccountable supranational institution , something even a centrist would never * inter alia * be willing to do . 
  the greeks for example could explain why probably better than i. 
  based on using the same methods i used in researching/writing my masters thesis on the eu , actually . 
  this is actually why the us does n't invite leaders of the eu to the us . 
  we think they 're laughable . 
  give me a realistic solution , fanboy , and i 'll be all about it . 
  do n't just say that a cartoon is brilliant because it says `` let 's improve things !!! '', 
  even a five year old can say that . 
  in any event , i do n't have such a strong opinion about us immigration/us-mexico border policy one way or the other . 
  i think we 're doing a pretty good job of everything right now . 
  i do my thing , you improve things for everyone , deal ? 
   the credibility of the commission what credibility ? 
  the ( handsomely-paid ) eu commission is a farce . 
   i will never understand why this was n't the immediate approach we took . 
   honestly ? 
  because we 're cheap . 
  nope . 
  the actual answer to this question , which few would ever admit , is simply that such an approach would have been too american . 
  and there 's few things germans want less than feeling/being called ` too american ' ( even if it means importing 2-3 million refugees , apparently ) . 
  i 'm thinking about writing a paper on that aspect of the crisis . 
   door handles were pulled multiple times holy shit . 
  i met an afghan guy in a club in northern de a frew years back , he was with a guy and a girl , and a minute or so after i started talking to him ( i was trying to be nice ) he was literally yelling allah akbar at me . 
  its nauseatingly pro-eu/leftist, 
  if only a higher percentage were christians , there 'd be almost no problem ( s ) . 
   so if we actually want to solve migrant / immigration problems the only real solution is to work to improve things for everyone how fucking sweet . 
  south park is n't the answer to the world 's problems ( nor will you find any legitimate answers on south park . 
  childish humor - sure ) . 
  i went to grad school with an idiot from azrerbaijan in northern de who broke some car windows one night drunk . 
  you guys built the mold for the current crisis . 
  germans felt they needed to live up to you . 
  what a shame, 
   i always thought jordan was one of the more `` advanced '' countries in the region . 
  jordan is definitely a shithole . 
  anyway stop being so naive . 
  so you just made ten paragraph-long posts , over the last two or three hours , the last one ending with  anyway , it 's irrelevant so , eh . 
  i 'm not even sure what your point is other than you 're really into yourself . 
  fuck man . 
  just stop . 
   `` they came here with a big dream , and then go to an asylum home and see it 's a gym with 300 people , '' majeed said . 
  `` they 're disappointed . '', 
   that disappointment is keenly felt . 
  hussein hotuman , 27 , lost his job as a tailor in iraq after his company shut down and said he came to germany hoping to start over . 
  he had plans to go to school , work , and eventually start his own business . 
  yet only one month in , however , he decided to head home on the same flight as agho . 
  this is the description of an economic migrant , not a war refugee fleeing death . 
  anyway , its good at least that the iraqi said :  i 'm not saying that germany is not nice . 
  it is nice , but it 's for european people it is also for legitimate war refugees , until their countries are once again safe to return to . 
  economic migrants need to simply get to the back of the line if they want to legally immigrate to germany , and follow the law full stop . 
  germany wants a slightly weaker rather than slightly stronger euro , what are you talking about ? 
  and southern europe would have a chance . 
   i mean the guy is an idiot anyway . 
  his opinion doesnt really matter , he should have known that this is both pointless and bad for his carreer . 
  i strongly disagree . 
  instead of staying quiet like a little mouse , sometimes it is necessary for an individual to speak out for what they truly believe in , damned be the consequences . 
  to my mind , the professor the other day who spoke up to merkel was a watershed moment which changed everything . 
  of course , her sarcastic , flippant answer was atrocious . 
  in any event there may yet be a chance that germany stops its open borders policy allowing 1-2 million refugees in next year , but her supporters are still very vocal . 
  the apartment i was staying at north of hamburg last may got robbed/torn upside down . 
  any sources ? 
  or are you just ~ ~ pulli ~ ~ guessing, 
  this article is basically saying that britain is a child that needs the eu as a parent . 
  like , if an alien read this article , they would wonder how britain even * existed * before the eu . 
  a lot of elites are for the uk staying in the eu is for sure . 
   the talent will leave for australia and new zealand and will take earnings and savings with them . 
  moreso canada and the us . 
  brexit would probably be best for uk long term , if the only positives people keep on mentioning is related to money . 
  the brain drain alone trumps the economic arguments for the uk staying in the eu . 
  one way i could say it , is the refugee crisis occured somewhere between the ` european way ' and the ` american way ' ( i.e. 
  european policies/social ideologies and those of the us ) . 
  certainly , the ` american way ' as it is would have been overkill and nobody would have ever expected europe to adopt them , but in europe , the ` american way ' was a dirtier word than what it needed to be . 
  there was too much effort put on defining europe 's identity in opposition to the us than necessary , and that extra effort left europe exposed . 
  for example , when obama awarded merkel with the medal of freedom two or so years ago , among those she invited was the most virulently sdu anti-american turkish background female politician , and merkel was back in germany the next day , no fanfare , barely reported on . 
  anything more would have been political shoot-self-in-foot . 
  neo-realism was shunned in the european academy ; people were told and belireved that nations are not important . 
  leaders were not honest with the people . 
  nato conventions were protested , militaries highly weakened - in germany , if a member of the military wanted to talk to students about security matters , they were protested too . 
  israel was always demonized , the far left was held up as the gold standard , and so on . 
  the answer to the hypothetical question ` huge numbers of refugees - what if ? ', 
  was always answered with a pithy ` refugees welcome !, 
  ' , which ended the discussion . 
  europe was failed by its leaders , but the leaders were enabled by the people . 
  this crisis was 20 years in the making .
