  your post history is hilarious, 
   i 'm not saying europe gets the short end of the stick , it 's just that i think that the eu-usa relationship benefits us equally . 
  we ( the us ) get to trade with a rich man ( you ca n't get rich trading with a poor man ) , and you ( europe ) get to not only trade with a rich man , you get to * be * a rich man ( instead of a poor bombed-out man ) . 
  if we 'd be poor without you is debatable , but we certainly would n't be bombed out . 
  because oceans . 
  that means lady europe benefits more , everything else being equal . 
  that 's the place we should start from , but a lot of europeans seems to deny this reality for [ / / insert : `` reasons '' \\ \\ ] . 
  the us is like rodney dangerfield , ca n't get no respect . 
   i think that is the necessary next step if the eu eants to keep it 's soft power projection . 
  annoyedpicard.jpg there will never be an eu army , because you will never get 28 and counting nations to agree on military and defense policy . 
  it 's hard enough to get * one * country to agree on its own defense policy . 
  an ` eu army ' would be in a state of perpetual gridlock . 
  researchers have used the word ` condemned ' to refer to the rules of the eu in the area of national defense , in that all of the countries ( as opposed to qmv , or 51 % ) have to agree to any ( csdp ) action . 
  its highly disingenuous for the german finance minister to be saying things like this , because he is certainly aware of its impossibility . 
  soldiers with eu patches on their shoulders killing people ? 
  calling in airstrikes delivered by jets with an eu flag painted on the side ? 
  this quote is just a small part of the overall transparent and actually kind of pathetic effort on the part of germans ( german politicians ) to ` do things ' to try to shore-up the eu dream ( which is so important for their national economic situation , which is why its the finance minister saying this ) , especially during the refugee-seeker crisis caused by their chancellor . 
  i can find no better word to describe my feelings as to what is happening in germany today ( after having lived there for 6 years during which obtained a dual masters in studies from denmark ) edit ( from the wiki , though my use of the term is not fully illuminated with only this clarification , and i am specifically * not * calling germans * nationalists * . . if anything , i 'm calling them chauvinistic anti-nationalists , though there are inaccuracies in that attempt at clarification as well so i 'll just stick with the one word for now ) - chauvinism as nationalism edit  in 1945 , political theorist hannah arendt described the concept thus :  chauvinism is an almost natural product of the national concept in so far as it springs directly from the old idea of the `` national mission . '', 
  ... [ a ] nation 's mission might be interpreted precisely as bringing its light to other , less fortunate peoples that , for whatever reason , have miraculously been left by history without a national mission . 
  as long as this concept did not develop into the ideology of chauvinism and remained in the rather vague realm of national or even nationalistic pride , it frequently resulted in a high sense of responsibility for the welfare of backward people . 
  yeah the comments section on spiegel is an anti-american schlacht . 
  i never had to use it before i needed a word to describe you germans and the refugee-seeker crisis . 
  fine , you 're chauvinists . 
  you got me . 
  because there is a point to be made about the importance of humanitarian ideals . 
  but there is a point , after inviting half a million asylum seekers from the me into your country , a million , two million , three million , that humanitarianism turns more into chauvanism . 
  some point where you must think your country is so good , that you can handle a million , 2 , 3 million middle-eastern asylum seekers into your country * and ya 'll can handle it no problem * . 
  in my opinion its more chauvanistic than humanitarian that germans have allowed a million and counting asylum seekers into their country . 
  this is a point that i think is n't made nearly enough , which is why you did n't know what i meant , but good luck anyway . 
  i think the right 's gon na make quite the resurgence in europe . 
  edit for clarity : imo merkel 's `` we can manage '' approach is by its very nature chauvanistic , which means that merkel is a chauvanist . 
  i think there 's not a better word to describe her , and by extension , her supporters . 
  they are all chauvanists . 
   last time i checked , humanitarianism was still a thing in the civilized world so is chauvanism, 
  served with a bleu cheese cream sauce ? 
  yeah i 'm getting sick of the haughty-redditor bleat `` badly-written '' . 
  i do n't know what it is , but things ca n't be so simple . 
  the unfortunate thing is that schengen * is * the eu ; without schengen there is no eu . 
  therefore , its even crazier to me that merkel said what she did , being that the eu is so important to germany . 
  she should have went on tv and given a speech to germany that germany ca n't - as much as it may like to - let all these million ( at official last count ) asylum seekers in , because it will lead to a breakdown of schengen and therefore the eu . 
  of course germans would have understood that . 
  and she could 've during the same speech asked for germans to pay more to house and feed them in places like turkey and greece , too . 
  of course germans would have been willing to do that too - gladly ( gerne ! ) . 
  why she did n't , when this was an obvious and clear option , was just for her own political career . 
  she in essence undercut germany , and turned the legitimate position of a german having reservations about 1 million + asylum seekers ( not refugees ! ), 
  into germany ( ! ), 
  into a position that is essentially socially unacceptable . 
  a really sad tragedy . 
  the thread on / worldnews is full of indignantly outraged brits - `` what about the children ? '', 
  i do n't even think he/she knows what they 're implying , like throwing keystroke darts at a word dartboard . 
   many americans that traveled to europe would put a canadian patch on a jacket that was more of an early 2000s thing , does n't exist anymore . 
  and just to be clear , the feeling 's not mutual ( we love you mooseheads ! ), 
  its called ` soccer ', 
  how are you not yet a mod of / europe ? 
  such thinking is what led to the fall of rome 's solar system . 
  that 's a legitimate point . 
  i was wondering why you 'd write `` on our behalf '' in the first place , because it confers an importance to this back and forth that does n't exist . 
  probably nobody will see this . 
  i thought maybe you were referring to the board or something . 
  it 's easier if you flair up . 
  but that does n't matter , i was ` writing back ' to what you had written , i was n't acting with hostility , nothing i would 've written would have been different if you were european or american . 
  not only was your clarification unnecessary ( the guy 's simple and boring point/strawman was obvious ) , but he can stand up for himself . 
  he 's danish , his english is just as good as mine . 
  of course he was making a snarky point as though people in the us are n't as sophisticated as in europe ( we are , trust me , i just returned from six years in europe a few days ago ) . 
  though your entire point actually * is n't * too sophisticated , you 're ` clarifying ' the surface level of what our danish friend said , and i 'm talking about what 's underneath ( based on , among other things , four years of browsing / europe ) , a point of which the danish guy 's post was only an example of . 
  it 's that you are the one - for some reason ( ? ), 
  who is calling me stupid ( twice ) and not seeming to realise that which is the real irony . 
  how can you begin a reply to someone by saying they look stupid , and then tell them they are making a mistake , misunderstanding , and reacting with hostility ? 
  first dog in space too . 
  some say old laika is still shooting through the stars today . 
  i guess we 'll never know . 
   i do not mean to say the russians and chinese are butt buddies , like the us and canada ( \u0361\u0298 \u256d \u035c\u0296 \u256e \u0361\u0298 ), 
  the us ( navy ) has the freedom to roam throughout the entire world . 
  this means no other country , including russia , does . 
  world police ? 
  grin and bear it ? 
  saying people in the us are too afraid of terrorism is a point that has been made a million times since 9/11 . 
  it 's a boring point to make , and does n't say anything new . 
  in the context of / europe , its also a passive-aggressive way to take a cheap shot at the us . 
  there are plenty of things i ( like and ) do n't like about the us , but i do n't mention them here , because nobody would have much to say because they would n't really know what i 'm talking about ( because this stuff is n't the stuff of current events ) . 
  all i see are these media tropes , ad nauseum . 
  all this thinly-veiled ` whatever happenes , americans are somehow below europeans ' that i 've seen on this board for years . 
  andrei markovits is right - ( social ) anti-americanism is europe 's lingua franca . 
  [ he ] ( http://press.princeton.edu/titles/8238.html ) `` shows that while europeans are far apart in terms of their everyday lives and shared experiences , their not being american provides them with a powerful common identity -- one that elites have already begun to harness in their quest to construct a unified europe to rival america . '', 
  and far too often on here , i find that instead of people ( europeans ) talking legitimately and genuinely , they are just basically talking about their identities , or their common identities as * not * americans . 
  and as such , for me anyway , not saying anything very interesting . 
  i 'm reading between the lines , if you will . 
  and it comes out in people saying things like ` guns in the us kill way more people every year than terrorism , yet americans are more scurred of terrorists than mah guns ! '', 
  - when the * real * subtext of that statement , is ` we 're europeans ( and * we know best !, 
  * ) , we are * not * americans , and through that fact we share a common identity ' , which is why such a boring statement with no real brain juice behind it can be upvoted so much on here . 
  and you do it here too , lumping me in with everyone from my country of 350 million people ( most of whom i 've never met ) . 
  that 's my point . 
  i just want to discuss politics without having to unpack all this extraneous identity-related ` stuff ' . 
  i 'm not american , i 'm from planet earth . 
  but i reckon on a sub like this , it can not be helped anyway . 
  we call that ` pissing in the wind ' . 
  like what * i 'm * doing right now . 
  edit : do n't bro me if you do n't know me 2nd edit : now that i see you 're an american history teacher , that changes things a little bit ( i thought you were a european calling americans stupid , you were coming from a different place than i thought initially ) ( respect ) , but my basic point above stands . 
  and i really hate to bring it up , but who in their right minds would disparage parisians for feeling a kind of fear at times today ? 
   other germans , mainly on the left , fret about a new `` post-post-nationalism '' , as germany tentatively articulates its self-interest abroad .
