  moreso after bush 's blunder . 
  i do n't know what to say , the ` european way ' ideology imports refugees by default . 
  the ` american way ' , for all its faults , is - similar to all security experts globally - like fucking aghast . 
   even so-called communist china subscribed to the capitalist part . 
  just to mention , china 's system is sometimes referred to as bureaucratic authoritarianism . 
  i agree with your point , though i 'd say that elites in the us and increasingly france are taking the threat seriously . 
  this coincides with a more centrist/slight right approach - the left is incapable of dealing seriously with islamist theocracy , as leftist ideology is inherently constructivist/liberal and anti-realist ( and realism/neorealism is what is needed , though europe would have to become much more self-critical and spend more on guns/warfare and less on butter/welfare before they 're in position to properly deal with the threat , which wo n't happen anytime soon ) . 
  this must be a referrence to the end of history thesis - that western liberal democracy has won , no more wars , and the greatest problem for us ` last men ' is , basically boredom . 
  its a profound point , because ever since the end of the cold war , europeans have gotten used to such concepts as ` war being unthinkable in europe ' . 
  however , if europe is still living in history , than war by definition must be absolutely imaginable . 
  for example , remember those sectarian conflicts in iraq ? 
  the civil war ? 
  yeah . 
  europe may just be importing those conflicts . 
  most of the violence in the us is between rival gangs . 
  the author is saying europe let its guard down , and is now paying the price . 
   i could n't care less if my grandchild had anything to do with my culture that sucks . 
  its ironic , i 've noticed over the last few years , that all these things that they view as being beneath them over there - a sense of national pride and patriotism , maintaining a connection to christianity if for no other reason than its historical context in relation to the success of our societal development , an idea of why a strong military is a good thing and why those who serve in that military deserve sincere respect , skepticism of generous welfare benefits and high taxes , as well as a skepticism of putting too much of the fate of your nation in the hands of a few people with limited transparency and standing up for having \u00e0 strong border for your nation . . all those things and more , which they all laugh at the us for , has ended up leading to the refugee crisis . 
  in a few years , london will be more than 50 % foreign born . 
  what about in 50 years ? 
  europe has proven that it is n't willing to stop a never-ending river of refugees , and that was just the first few months . 
  the only way for europe to stop the crisis , is to get at least as tough as the us . 
  and they just sit there laughing at the policies of the us . 
  i say let them laugh now , sure , because in ten and fifteen and twenty years , they wo n't be laughing anymore . 
  because what they will have done to themselves while laughing at the us will be pretty sad and tragic . 
  the uk gives anjem choudary # 25k/yr . 
  in welfare benefits for fuck sake . 
  so , anyway , i 've found its best not to pay such close attention . 
  knowing what 's waiting in the wings behing that sort of humor gives it an air of tragedy that just sucks . 
  of course , if an american says they 're irish or norwegian or whatever , what they mean is that they 're of course american first and foremost , but that much of their ethnic background / genes are from those parts of the world . 
  to clarify , your body does n't know what language you speak or what your culture is . 
  of course what is meant is that the person is saying they have irish/norwegian/korean ancestry . 
  is that what this is all about ? 
  semantics ? 
  you straw grasping motherfuckers lol . 
  you ask about the rules ? 
  for one , if for a thousand years , there was a guy who had some children and those children had children and those children had children for thirty generations , like 1,000 people in all , all living within 500 kilometers of one another after its all said and done , is it really so cool to totally shun one or five of those members just because they move ? 
  i mean , the us is basically europe 2.0 , its not like we 're talking about a different civilization here . 
  i fit right in in europe , as far as i can tell there are only minor differences between the us and europe ( because if we say major , what - are the chinese aliens or something ? ) . 
  it all seems trivial to me , but then again , when i was in germany i certainly was n't telling many germans of my german ancestry !, 
  i did tell the danes of my ( stronger ) ancestry though . 
  when you have a last name that 's common in the country , it 's hard not to identify with it . 
  regarding rules since you asked , for another , i 'll just mention its against the rules to vote and post in a thread that 's linked to r/shitamericanssay . 
  and what are the rules exactly anyway ? 
  what if your grandfather , or father , speaks with an accent ? 
  what does / europe and sas decree ? 
  what if you are asian , yet it was your great grandparents who came over , so even your grandparents speak with an american accent ? 
  if your great grandparents were korean , u/fear _ the_gnomes has a problem if that kid identifies with korea ? 
  or - and this is what i think - are we just talking about * white * people here , when you say  ridiculous ? 
  ( browsing sas for research i reckon ;-) ), 
  why is everyone all talking about you at sas ? 
  what did you do mister ? 
  so you support the idea of your great grandchildren having nothing to do with your culture ? 
  maybe 50 % chance your family will get moved in that crazy future we 'll have ), 
   the problem with americans claiming heritage actually there 's no problem , the problem is just in your heads . 
  i mean you 're jealous of the us so you nitpick to make yourselves feel better . 
  edit : is that the best the sas vote brigade can do ? 
  they even posted your comment up on r/shitamericanssay . 
  i was wondering why this comment thread had so many ` sas-friendly ' comments upvoted , when i realized its just the sas vote brigade coming through . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/shitamericanssay/comments/42fzay/the_norwegian_part_of_me_thinks_this_is_pretty/ really man , do n't come to r/europe talking about your heritage . 
   you think you 've seen migration yet ? 
  you have n't . 
  this right here . 
  you 're kidding , right ? 
  the much-reviled and referenced ` westboro baptist church ' have zero power , zero influence , is made up of like a handful of people , etc. 
  you can not compare them to the islamic extremists in london/england . 
  that scene when the two guys were eating and laughing during the isis executions video . . 
  considering that 99.1 % of police in the us [ * are n't * ] ( http://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/after-dangerous-year-officers-family-colleagues-reflect-n497591?cid=sm_tw&amp;hootpostid=76775d2e1c3a182a2c6ae666dc1c2cf5 ) accused of any misconduct every year ( and most accusations are probably nonsense ) , i 'd bet a nickel that no , u/uaedaien has n't personally witnessed the ` quality of policing ' in the us , nor has u/uaedaien even ever been there . 
  nobody is blaming canada calm down, 
  the one guy who makes it would write an epic poem and be remembered for thousands of years . 
  let 's see a refugee shanty get across that shit, 
  think i 'll skip it * thanks *, 
  we 'd probably jealous too if you guys had an la , chicago or nyc ;-) ( berlin almost makes it ! ), 
  article from 2004, 
   extreme left  this makes no sense checks out guys, 
  the obvious thing is that political parties are just ways for people to have their voices heard in an organized fashion . 
  suppressing views one does n't agree with is n't democracy . 
  they 're not nazis ; if i were german , i 'd probably vote afd . 
  the hero we need , but do we deserve [ him ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=oxrzznw9djk ) ? 
  they 're making fun of you , because europeans believe that even if you can trace your european lineage back 1,000 years , once your father or grand father or great grandfather crossed the atlantic ocean , the only thing suitable in their eyes to call yourself is ` american ' . 
  kind of a shit rule , no matter your identity , but hey \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  in 2014 , the common estimate of refugees coming into the eu during the year 2015 was 200,000 . 
  there 's nothing about you that makes you better than me because of where you happened to be born , so stop talking that dumb shit, 
  can you stop replying ? 
  its annoying seeing the orange message indicator , spanish guy, 
  a core eu is an interesting idea for way far out in the future , my point was basically that countries matter . 
  it imbues the speaker with a certain attractive authoritative quality as well . 
  he meant ` short sighed ' , as in you 're bleating on to the point of wheezing . 
  then they made fun of austrians about their basements and i did n't speak up ... 
  wot 's that m8 ? 
  well that escalated quickly, 
  its the lack of a shared fate , which is why a federal europe is a pipedream . 
  the thing is that merkel 's stance was obvious many months before she actually made her public invitation , just as swedren 's open door policy has been clear , even if no invitation was made on the swedish side . 
  i 'm just being realistic , bastard . 
  i 'm sure they 're gutted . 
  nice to finally have the us ' role in eu dev confirmed . 
   the eu has always been an american project , even if it later slipped us control . 
  paradise festival, 
  nothing came up on the few resources i have , i do n't think street parties like this happen all the time , but with a little research and luck , you should be able to find something really dope !, 
  i recommend a visit to the plazmalab [ shop ] ( http://www.plazmalab.com/shopspage.aspx ) in tel aviv .
