this was the very first thing that came to mind after reading the title of this post . 
  this feels like a zombie apocalypse . 
  i do n't entirely understand this , either , but i suppose removal of foreskin is less dangerous than fgm ? 
  yup . 
  i do n't get the downvotes . 
  as a lithuanian , i completely agree with your statement . 
  most of us are not funny . 
  instead , we 're grumpy , uptight , and butthurt about everything . 
  it sure does . 
  `` i hate them russians . '', 
  `` how so ? '', 
  `` they suck , they 're all bad people . 
  do you not know what they had done to us in the past ? '', 
  `` yea , but that 's in the past , the russians of today have nothing to do with that . '', 
  `` they 're all the same . 
  i hate them all . '', 
  this is pretty much how it usually goes . 
  would you call that a legit reason ? 
  because i most certainly would not . 
  i was never good at history , which lead me to somewhat hating it . 
  so i 'd rather read up on something i 'd actually be able to process and remember . 
  my main concern is not that i had n't learned this or that in school , but that they concentrate so much on making us look like victims , that no one even thinks twice , that hey , maybe there 's a bit more to that . 
  this is also why so many lithuanians have this blind hatred for russians , but when asked why , can not provide you with a legit reason . 
  pretty much , yeah . 
  i really wish we had been taught more about other countries and their history . 
  for example , i live in denmark right now , and i know absolutely nothing about it , because not once have talked about the history of scandinavian countries ( apart from the viking period , of couse ) . 
  never witnessed any racism in lithuania , but it sure is filled with nationalists . 
  i finished high school two years ago . 
  the curriculum is completely messed up , though - history classes start at grade 5 and continue all the way up to grade 12 , and the only subjects we 've ever touched were bits and pieces of ancient history , some renaissance , a semester or so of the history of other continents and countries ( usa and asia , mainly ) , and the rest was the world wars and all that , 90 % of which was all about how the nazis and the russians bullied us , lithuanians . 
  that 's pretty much all they ever talk about . 
  you know how they say that elephants never forget ? 
  well , i think the saying should be changed to `` lithuanians never forget '' . 
  seriously , man , we 're so bitter . 
  see , i did not know that . 
  even though i am lithuanian . 
  they simply do n't tell us that , for some strange reason , even though they wo n't stop talking and constantly complaining about all the other events in which we were the victims . 
  that 's not true , though . 
  a lot of people live in the city centre , the old town , and around it . 
  it 's quite expensive , though , considering the local salaries . 
  but the beer sure is amazing and cheap . 
  you sound so damaged , try to think better of yourself . 
  literally no one else talks shit about lithuania apart from lithuanians themselves . 
  probably the top comment . 
  which local service are you talking about ? 
  are you talking about the drip coffee that has no consistency to it whatsoever , yet tastes like the devil 's espresso when he has a really long day coming up and millions of souls to torture ? 
  the mid-end part does sound similar , but the beginning is different , and the stress is on `` che '' , so it ends up sounding quite different . 
  it 's kind of like if you were to pronounce ikea as * ayyy * - kea . 
  you 're supposed to pronounce it as * che * - key-ya, 
  we call it '' \u010cekija '' in lithuanian . 
  they 're afraid they might like it . 
  they make themselves look bad . 
  the media does n't even have to try at this point . 
  i really like the one with the bottle . 
  i think this would make a pretty easy puzzle , actually . 
  i 'm currently solving one with basically just three blobs of colors , and it 's way more difficult than the ones that have a bunch of smaller objects . 
  damn , now i wan na go home . 
  glogas , for example . 
  though i looked it up and apparently [ grogas ] ( http://www.pasazas.lt/blog/kuo-skiriasi-punsas-grogas-ir-glintveinas/ ) is a thing . 
  so far this conversation has been really educating . 
  wait , what ? 
  i 'm lithuanian , and i did n't even know that was a word . 
  til . 
  danish . 
  it 's gl\u00f6gi in estonian . 
  gl\u00f8gg , gl\u00f6gg , gl\u00f6gi , mulled wine - potato , potato . 
  both my boyfriend and i are ill this christmas , so we just baked a cheesecake and are drinking lots of gl\u00f8gg . 
  we 'll be making tacos today . 
  edit : a word . 
  i have a tattoo of the borders on my wrist , and i still could n't have done a better job . 
  you 're truly an artist . 
  where 's limfjord ? 
  not bad , but you got ta try harder . 
  i 've only lived here for two years , but even i know where aalborg , frederikshavn , hobro , billund , sk\u00f8rping , and some other towns are , and that jylland is separated into three ( ? ), 
  parts . 
  you could also add faroe islands and greenland , but that would probably get a lot of people pissed . 
  if you like good beer , and not just your basic carlsberg , it 's around 7eur per glass in denmark . 
  for someone used to getting some great beer for 1eur in lithuania , this is an absolute nightmare . 
  at least it 's not as bad as [ this building ] ( http://www.standby.dk/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/aalborg-musikkens-hus.jpg ) in my town . 
  now * that * is a mixture of everything they could have possibly come up with . 
  we joke sometimes that there was a contest to determine what it would look like and everyone won . 
  edit : [ photo from a different angle ] ( https://realdania.dk/~/media/realdaniadk/filantropiske%20programmer/samlet%20projektliste/musikkens%20hus/musikkenshus01_helene%20h%c3%b8yer%20mikkelsen.jpg?mw=4000 ) . 
  for me it was the frog . 
  speaking of surviving , it 's already getting pretty darn cold outside . 
  i 've no idea how they 're gon na survive with no proper housing available . 
  and it 's not just grown adults who are at risk , there are children among them , too , so illegally getting into a country with no assurance and expecting for everything to be handed to them is completely irresponsible . 
  this would n't be a problem if everyone just went through proper channels and were a bit less picky about the country they 're being assigned to . 
  i mean , anything 's better than a war zone , and if you 're being offered any kind of help , even if for some reason you do n't think it 's good enough for you , take it and do n't complain . 
  i live in a rather small town in denmark and went out for a walk in the city center earlier this week . 
  came across four middle eastern-looking people begging on the streets , all holding the * exact * same kind of sign , i mean , the wording was literally identical , with the same kind of pathetic excuse ( something about having no job and exactly three children ) . 
  never before have i seen so many beggars around , and especially not at the same time with the same sign in their hands . 
  my point is that the countries most definitely do feel overwhelmed by the amount of people coming in , and they physically can not provide everyone with housing and a job , not that all of them would even want to or have the skills to take one . 
  so there will be people desperate enough to try and come up with alternative ways of earning cash , and honestly , that scares me a bit . 
  i do n't understand the downvotes . 
  some people simply can not distinguish / s. 
  this is actually very true . 
  normally i would agree . 
  but the point of this is that a lot of politicians claim they speak english in their resumes and whatnot , and then get caught lying ( surprise surprise ) and are trying to get out of it , which is pretty hilarious imo . 
  source : am lithuanian , this was on tv several years ago , featuring not just this one politician , but a few more . 
  that 's a pretty old gif , i think . 
  but if you went to northern denmark right now you 'd see something very similar to this .
