  i do not like his politics for a number of reasons , but i do not consider him far right or neo nazi . 
  authocratic tendencies ? 
  yes . 
  yes . 
  nazi ? 
  but there is something in what you wrote about cultural differences that makes hungarians less daring to stand up against such ill behaving politicians . 
  a series of historical failures etched in hungarians culture and mindset ends up in having a nation that is generally less proud and initiative on mass level . 
  we try to compensate with individual success , but it is not defining a good society . 
  those are the ski tourists who forgot to buy motorway ticket and got fined . 
  fixed : grammar, 
  hugs, 
  it 's improving as you see . 
  and you guys can contribute to the improvement , too , by calming down abomination . 
  both parties shall work on it . 
  your google-fu is of black belt level , wow . 
  ok , the mandatory period of 6 hours to to keep it secret is over . 
  reveal the mystery , where was the photo taken ? 
  it 's raining . 
  let me guess , gothenburg ? 
  edit : it 's probably stockholm as / u/wiquzor has identified in the comments below . 
  my shame . 
  i heard about this language reform from a polish girl . 
  so i double checked with her just before writing the response . 
  apparently she has just trolled me , exaggerating the distance between poles and russians . 
  however it was not apparent to me until now that she has just made it up :( my bad , i am going to correct the original post . 
  according to [ wikipedia article ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jagiellonian_university ) it was founded in 1364 , that , and also heard from krakow citizens that it is one of the oldest ... 
  dear romanian neighbors , your government is quite amateur if they allow the opposition making any audible voice . 
  / s you might just come over and get some advice/consultancy on how should it be done properly in a way that opposition does not even has a chance to be visible . 
  ( double / s ) jokes aside , i hope that your fight against corruption will succeed and you will make a good example for the rest of us . 
  the general `` nie ma problemu ! '', 
  ( no worries ) attitude that i like so much . 
  ~ ~ poland have made a major language reform a centuries ago in order to make polish more distinguishable from russian ~ ~ people from southern region of poland migrated to the adriatic ( the white croats ) - also a reason why croatian is similar to old polish they gave us stanislaw lem , and i can not be grateful enough for this the krakow university is one of the oldest in europe , perhaps the second oldest ? 
  there are bison in the bielowieza forest , quite unique in europe . 
  edit : i was told about the polish language reform , but someone has just trolled me . 
  removed from the list . 
  why is it so high in slovenia ? 
  almost the same as in greece . 
  well , we have an audi factory too . 
  ( and i proudly drive an a3 that was manufactured there ) . 
  thanks !, 
  one step closer into space !, 
  i just checked on google maps . 
  * berlin - dubrovnik via slovenia : 1624km/16h56min * berlin - dubrovnik via hungary , avoiding slovenia : 1688km/17h22min, 
  thanks !, 
  my bad !, 
  ... when , exactly ? 
  this is really missing from my archives :(, 
  envy ? 
  by the way , hungary did not invade poland as hungary . 
  austia-hungarian monarchy has invaded the southern region of poland , but that was initiated/performed by the austrian body . 
  i do not want to enter in denial though , it is very likely that hungarian soldiers were also commanded there . 
  in the second world war however , the hungarian soldiers commanded to poland by germany 's request were denying the orders and were actively helped the warsaw resistance . 
  [ video link ] ( https://youtu.be/-ycsh7estsm ), 
  the number of hong kong residents whom i have ever danced with converges to zero . 
  please do not take as insult , but i am genuinely wondering whether russian language for bulgarians would not be rather easy to deal with ? 
  so i would assume , you could list that as a language that the majority of bulgarians speaks on some level ? 
  i am just drawing a comparision with other nations speaking a certain language family , who can easily list a number of related language as `` spoken '' : romanians the italian and french , slovakians the czech and vice versa . 
  you served your military service in the seventies , if you were born in 1956 . 
  soldiers were * not * shot for not cleaning their guns in the 70 's . 
  you are exagurating . 
  not only that . 
  but the fact that nothing really could be `` yours '' as private property , has plagued our recent `` free '' past , too . 
  now , everyone is looking for the immediate quick profit , because the culture of prudently maintaining wealth is just not existing . 
  this is the heritage of the communist times , too . 
  my elementary school teacher was an informer . 
  she reported about me and my parents . 
  our crime was listening to the free europe radio . 
  we call it franciasal\u00e1ta ( french sallad ) . 
  it is not a common christmas dish , rather eaten at new years eve . 
  look , as long as she is not stealing and not lying , does it matter what is her name and which god she believes in ? 
  this defines the term ` hero ' . 
  thank you , lukasz . 
  you can still hear the elderly in csongr\u00e1d using a little more '' \u00f6 '' than in other parts of hungary . 
  same in b\u00e9k\u00e9s with '' \u00ed '' replacing '' \u00e9 '' . 
  then on the border of b\u00e9k\u00e9s and csongr\u00e1d `` pecs\u00e9t '' becomes `` p\u00f6cs\u00edt '' . 
  source : my grandma . 
  we try to educate all roma kids with a `` gentle pressure '' : the families do not get social aid or family allowance if the kid is absent from school for more than a few days per year . 
  when it was introduced , the school attendance ratio of roma kids got from maybe 30-40 % to 98 % . 
  the segregation is still a major problem . 
  perhaps in that grim situation , it was the only thing that he could phrase . 
  personally , i am not sure if i would be able to phrase any sensible sentence with a cold iron on my neck . 
  would it be possible to make him the king and just that the queen does not want it ? 
  or it is legally/technically impossible due to some obscure royal code ? 
  if it is actually possible but the queen does not want it , what could be the reason ? 
  the relatives in the bloodline are objecting strongly ? 
  or that his blood is not blue enough ? 
  haha that 's a good one . 
  the [ skateboarding priest ] ( https://youtu.be/y1wacupmoro ) is magnificent too . 
  it is very likely , that these companies are still selling a magnitude larger quantity to we markets . 
  which means , improving the ee product quality would make it marginally less profitable , but that 's all . 
  also the products in question were often sold on higher price in ee . 
  which means it is mere profit maximalization matter at the expense of a population that has less capability to enforce their interest . 
  that time we were kind of , subordinate of the khaganate . 
  hungary supports your schengen application , if that matters . 
  also in the light of the mass migration from africa and middle east , it is hypocritical to be afraid of internal migration within eu . 
  the article says that he has flown the jet to his own property . 
  now , i am genuinely wondering what sort of property has the facility to land and take off a military jet . . ? 
  he must have been well prepared for such actions !, 
  similar distinction exists in hungary , too : eserny\u0151 ( rain shield ) and naperny\u0151 ( sun shield ), 
  this is how you make someone immortal .
