  there is lots of buzz in the local media about it . 
  i can not talk in name of others but personally i do not like it much , it is very shady . 
  apparently not the complete contract is classified only parts of it . 
  i might understand the classification of several technical details ( not for 30 years , tho ) but it is difficult to comprehend why are several business details hidden . 
  eventually , it is the taxpayers money :( the givernment claims that it is common practice to classify parts of such deals , not specific to hungary . 
  can someone comment on this ? 
  the annoying thing is that i am a diy person and the most recharging and relaxing sunday activity for me is to tinker in my small workshop . 
  you can not imagine how i feel , when i just can not finish what i started with , because a saw blade broke or some special screws are missing , and i can not just drive to a nearby shop to buy more and continue ... and since saturday was the only opportunity to shop in groceries , clothes , whatever household items , my only option to tinker ought have been sunday , which was continuously interrupted by missing gear . 
  so in my case , the sunday shop closing was a disaster . 
  thanks !, 
  of course i need tips  i will contact you when the time comes , 
  [ kind of , yes . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/ae/warsaw_uprising_hungarians.jpg ), 
   i will travel to poland this summer for a week ( no idea where , somewhere zakarpacki or bialowieza forest ) looking forward to meet the always friendly polish people !, 
  yep . 
  for a while `` forging a name.js ring '' sounded something like bugfixing a ring buffer method in javascript . 
  the world `` jewelery '' at the end was the strange one , indeed . 
  i want to walk down on those [ stairs ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ps-v-kzzfec ) . 
  railguns, 
  thumbs up for pioneering in this awesome technology !, 
  the term `` 220v '' has rooted in so deeply , that people are calling mains 220v still . 
  even if the latest european country has switched to 230v about 8 years ago . 
  the harmonization of majns frequency was a prerequisite of the connectability of the country networks , while the voltage harmonization was mostly a consumer convenience and economical matter , so european manufacturers can cover the whole market with one power supply . 
  the ground connection systems and the sockets are not harmonized , and i do not know why ... perhaps it is just too expensive to change . 
  if i understand the article correctly , poland wants to rely on helicopters built by homeland manufacturers . 
  i think it is ambitious , but i can understand and support the idea . 
  i remember that a year ago we had in the news . 
  refugees at the border were freaked out when the hungarian government wanted to fingerprint them . 
  i really could not understand what is the rationale of their reluctance , but stories like this give some explanation . 
  fingerprints are much more difficult to fake than some papers . 
  i dont ' t want to be that guy , but the same happened to me 3 days ago in g\u00f6teborg . 
  it was a ~ ~ gbg taxi ~ ~ taxi kurir ( black or dark blue v70 ) with a young african looking guy as driver . 
  he must have been drugged , because he drove well above 100km thru the tunnels and wider streets . 
  then he crashed the front of the car at the hotels pavement , attempted to reverse back , crashed the rear of the car too , then at third attempt he has successfully stopped at the entrance of the hotel . 
  when the hungarian tribes have arrived to europe 1000 years ago , the polish tribes were already here . 
  they both recognized each other , and the hungarians noted that those guys call themselves lechs . 
  so , since 1000 years , hungarians call them after that . 
  same as lithuanians , we preserved your heritage , 
  ok , just to clarify it , plain and straight : 99.9 percent of the asylum applicants moved to other ( western ) european country . 
  the refugee camps are not prisons , i.e. 
  the refugees are not locked in . 
  therefore , they have just left the camps and kept moving to richer countries . 
  the reason why they applied for asylum in hungary is because according to schengen law , hungary was obliged to register them as asylum seekers , the other option for the refugees was to turn back . 
  ( hu has done it for some time , then gave up due to the futility of this process ) . 
  so the migrants have applied for asylum with no intent to stay in hu . 
  unfortunately my knowledge on the topic is limited , but could you please clarify how much time are we talking about ? 
  how much does this `` church going '' takes ? 
  is it about attending a sunday mass , or there are further duties , like sunday school , at the afternoon ? 
  i mean , if i were the father , i would be ok to escort my son to the church , even attend the celebrations if it is the price to see my child . 
  [ home alone ] ( https://youtu.be/bclzlutlmnk ), 
  i remember about 15 years ago there was a heavy ad campaign to promote bottled ( or mineral ) water . 
  the ads suggested that the tap water is just , contaminated , tastes bad , etc. 
  in fact the effort was successful , the consumption of bottled water has peaked . 
  later on , people have just recognized that only a fraction if anything is truth from that and now drinking tap water is normal . 
  i have a related story : there was a radio report with the head of the water supplies of budapest . 
  you could hear from the voice of the speaker , that this old guy has invested his whole life to bring good quality tap water to the citizens . 
  and , when the reporter has bluntly mentioned that people are drinking bottled water because the tap water is of poor quality , you could hear that the old guy has just screamed . 
  like , what ?? 
  this water bad ?? 
  this is one of the best quality tap water that you can find in european capitals !, 
  he was so honestly shocked by the accusation that it finally convinced me that tap water is absolutely ok to drink here . 
  never underestimate orban . 
  i can tell you from first hand experience that he is surprising us on daily basis . 
  do n't be that sure . 
  orban is already packing up the fencing gear , 
  you are welcome , mate . 
  you are welcome ;-), 
  russians occupied us for 40 years . 
  turks occupied us for 150 years . 
  pretty hard choice which one to feel closer to :d . at least i can say in russian `` do not shoot ! '', 
  while i can not do that in turkish . 
  in the name of the human race , we are grateful for poland for giving us stanislaw lem . 
  i think you are wrong . 
  as i see orban would not mind to provide shelter to immigrants/refugees/whoever if they were culturally closer to european traditional values . 
  i can not imagine him closing the door in front of ukrainians or armenians , for example . 
  or that he would not give shelter to western europeans , if , say , an unfortunate natural disaster would force them leaving their country . 
  his motivation is the fear of the cultural change of europe at the expense of the current population . 
  same in hungary . 
  ask orban if he can send over some fence builders . 
  no worries / s serbia would just transfer them to the romanian border and the refugees will take the serbia-romania-hungary-austria-germany route . 
  so hungary would build fences between hu-ro . 
  ( romanian friends , happy ? 
  orban is fencing off transylvania , 
  like in the good old times . 
  not unethical , in general believe that german people are honest in their work . 
  let 's say , the priorities are different in germany and the usa . 
  i am working with german clients in the automotive industry . 
  i would not call them arrogant . 
  they are certainly proud of their achievements , but in the same time i see them working really hard to be on the top . 
  so i would say it is strong and mature pride , not arrogance . 
  on the other hand , i am working to an american company and i would say that we are brainwashed to praise business ethics over anything else in our job . 
  so the only choice for kosovars , macedonians and serbs to get asylum is to trigger a war ? 
  i have read the actual test report of the golf . 
  i have serious concerns on the test methodology that the test lab has applied to prove that indirect tpms is not working as expected . 
  my observation first then my comment follows . 
  the first test where it has failed was calibrated with one tyre already deflated . 
  the remaining tests where they have proved failing were on the condition that all tires were loosing pressure together in the same time . 
  now , if you understand how the indirect tpms works , it is fundamentally relying on detecting * differences * between the behavior of the individual tires . 
  therefore : 1 . 
  if one tyre was already deflated at the start of the test ( p-01 ) then the system may just not able to detect that it is deflated since it will be calibrated to that very behavior as `` normal '' .
