  i do not know how realistic is the scenario of getting all tires deflated in the same time . 
  in my opinion it is several magnitude less realistic than the most common issue , that one tire got defect by a nail or wear or bad valve . 
  these scenarios were just not tested , except the p-00 which is indeed matching the official tpms test circle . 
  so my impression is that the goal of the report was simply to put the indirect tpms systems in bad light . 
  opposed to the diesel scandal , where the real-life scenarios were not tested , here i see that the test scenarios were more theoretical than the practical scenarios where indirect tpms actually works correctly . 
  can we borrow her ? 
  look , aldi is still better in hungary than the oetker that they sell here . 
  that may give you some insight what big brands are doing in ee . 
  this is a very important observation . 
  the reason i like aldi or lidl is simply because their own branded products are the same quality everywhere in europe . 
  which ironically leads to buying their branded ham or pizza being better quality than the famous brands who are selling inferior products here . 
  on a side note even haribo gummibears manufactured in hungary taste worse and have inferior texture than german or austrian ones . 
  i had to mention this because haribo is a really sensitive topic for me . 
  next time it might be better to send a dozen of 3d printers , hoping that a fraction of them are surviving the landing . 
  then build the bigger gear locally . 
   i did n't encounter people who did n't like me after getting to know me i do n't know you but i already like you , 
  hahaha i liked it . 
  thanks for the laugh !, 
  i 've never heard this saying before . 
  it may happen that it exists in hungarian but largely forgotten . 
  the most plausible explanation on why this was brought up by orban , that his speech writers have carefully picked a wording that was well understood in poland . 
  how do you feel ? 
  added to calendar for next year !, 
  yea . 
  i am keeping an eye on the related news but did not hear anything about 17k migrants . 
  there was a change in the migration regulations in the last days , however : any migrant caught in the 8 km range of the border will be escorted back to the legal entry point where he can submit his application for asylum . 
  but you guys reverse the western order when you write it in the phone or address books . 
  it is a little victory for us , as you say , east asians  . 
  i just searched a german online grocery website . 
  i do not have data on the bulgarian milk prices except the article mentioning 1eur . 
  but you can buy a liter milk in germany between 0.6-1 .2 eur [ link ] ( https://ssl.ecola.com/?p=artdetails&amp;from_page=search&amp;artikel=100001158 ) . 
  considering the lower range , it is still true that you can buy milk cheaper in germany than the 1eur referred to in the article . 
  on the larger scale , of course services and real estate is much more expensive in germany , but if we compare those goods that these elderly people are buying every day , i am not that sure that germany is more expensive . 
  subsidies . 
  when the eastern block has joined the eu , we did not receive the same scale of subsidies on agriculture that the old members have received and receiving since then . 
  the argument was something like , we could not use the large subsidies efficiently due to the lack of technology . 
  this has resulted in hungary the eu sponsored closedown of a dozen sugar factories and liquidation of thousands of acres of grapevines . 
  since when ? 
  we are publishing this since 2007 . 
  not helping much . 
  it is terrible :( the same is happening across eastern europe . 
  i really do not see the end of it . 
  the educated young generations ought to improve the economy to the level that the salaries would be competitive in ee . 
  but if they are leaving , this part of eu remains a poor meat factory for the west forever . 
  most : traditional balkan food . 
  least : traditional icelandic . 
  hands in pockets . 
  it 's disgusting . 
  i do not want to look like a true demagogue , but our health system is in ruins and the poverty is increasing . 
  i am really happy that the central bank has made some tweaks that resulted in billions of surplus , but why was n't it spent on the benefit of the people and society ? 
  very disappointing . 
  this is much more common than you think . 
  i have heard too often that `` look , we are not going to pay you for this project , but you can use our name as reference later for your business '' . 
  it is international , not limited to uk , not limited to retail business and not limited to artists . 
  just to see how valid this is : a certain candy manufacturer that was selling lower quality candy to eastern europe , have changed the product in the past month , after the food scandal has emerged . 
  now they have improved the quality of the ones manufactured locally and faintly decreased the quality of the western one . 
  so at the moment you would not observe much difference . 
  i do expect that everything will go back to the `` normal '' ( say different quality ) after the investigations have closed . 
  these are based on my personal observations since i am an avid consumer of said candy . 
  i want to run this alone and willing to focus on the product development and manufacturing mostly . 
  therefore i would be rather happy to get a service that takes over the complete invoicing process , coming to taxation challenges etc. 
  i am kind of lost , really , how to start , 
  are you talking by experience ? 
  if yes , do you know any professional invoicing service that can solve this relatively painlessly ? 
  i am playing with the idea of starting a small online shop to sell my goods but am bouncing back from the complexity of the above mentioned taxation issues . 
  i do not know why were you downvoted . 
  in large extent yes , it was about nationalism . 
  like , all freedom fights are about nationalism , or ? 
  just look at the jozef bem , a respected hero of the hungaran revolution . 
  he well deserves the fame for plenty of winning battles against the habsburgs . 
  however if you can observe him from the distance , he was the che guevara of his time . 
  wandering from country to country , looking for the next revolution . 
  started in poland , then do n't know where , then hungary , then turkey . 
  so everything is relative . 
  still , you shall understand that this is a very important event in the hungarian history and we are proud of it . 
  thanks and greetings , 
  easy peasy . 
  one of the first eye-opening event of my young-hood was a visit to a croatian museum ( ca n't remember the town ) . 
  jelacic was portrayed there as a national croatian hero . 
  let 's say politely this is not the perspective of him in hungary . 
  in our interpretation he was a main contributor why hungarians lost the independence fight . 
  i certainly do not want to defame your national hero , just telling this little story on two sides of a coin , 
  it is a little more complicated than that , at least in hungary . 
  the law , imho correctly , protects the families with young children in dire situations , like eviction . 
  this means , if the renting family eventually can not pay the rent , they still can not be forced out from the rented property , because that would be against the interest of the child ( you just can not put a kid on the streets ) . 
  therefore landlords are very very reluctant to rent out to tenants with small children . 
  update : there is still legal way to kick out the family with children , it is just not that straightforward as in case of individual tenants . 
  the procedure is often considered lengthy and troublesome for the landlord . 
  this , along with the missed income and the expected flat renovation cost make landlords turning down families with children . 
  it was aired in hungary for sure . 
  i remember cheburashka and the krokodil playing accordion . 
  oh the flow of childhood memories and emotions , when i first saw the [ swedish 20 kroner ] ( http://www.joksankolikot.net/setelit/ruotsi/1997-20-kruunua-taka.jpg ) banknote . 
  i loved the kock\u00e1sf\u00fcl\u0171 . 
  [ m\u00e9zga alad\u00e1r ] ( http://www.mesek.tv/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/mezga-aladar-kulonos-kalandjai-krimibolygo.jpg ) was aired abroad , too ( in germany at least ), 
  no prob . 
  i have a sense on how the swedish media is depicting orban and hungary . 
  take it with a pinch of salt . 
  jobbik 's role is overly inflated in the international media . 
  as a relief , read a little about an [ other hungarian political party ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hungarian_two-tailed_dog_party ) . 
  not everything is black and white ( here : not everyone is a hatemonger in hungary ) .
