  not much about police beating hippies , but about society relating to hippies . 
  my father was a hippy in hungary in the late 60 's . 
  he lived in another city , minding his business while his parents thought he is studying at the university , which he apparently did not ( much ) . 
  my grandma told me , when he came home once in a flower printed shirt and with long hair then my granddad decided to take this in his own hands . 
  he never let my dad go back , took him off the uni . 
  he has grabbed my dad and took him to the first place that was hiring in the small town . 
  which was a restaurant , looking for dishwashers . 
  my dad then went to `` normal mode '' and two decades later he has owned the same restaurant that once hired him as dishwasher . 
  he has never lost his hippy spirit though ; he closed the restaurant every saturday evening and let an alternative music club arranging their parties in the emptied rooms . 
  it 's more like a fear of someones , not a threat , not even in speeches of the governing parties . 
  i can still well imagine that ultras use this rhetoric . 
  but i am not an ultra , nor is the vast majority of hungary , who are , honestly , care not much of romania . 
  is he talking shit about romania ? 
  seriously . 
  cameron is calling you stealing homeless gypsies and you still love uk . 
  orban is , as i see , does not mention romanians in his speeches or not in negative context . 
  he is addressing his speeches to hungarians living outside hu . 
  which may still piss off anyone who is native in that country . 
  i would be pissed off too . 
  but for clarity , it is better to say that you hate hungarians because you dont like how hungary relates to hungarians outside the border . 
  no more no less . 
  i sense double standard in your reasonings . 
  you wrote above that you guys love uk , regardless of what their politicians are saying about romanians . 
  here you reason with a politician for hatred against amother nation . 
  i do believe it is not just orban , but a much deeper hatred . 
  no idea why , romania is not much talked about in hungary , and typically not in negative context . 
  i mean , your excess hatred is rather on directional . 
  edit : typo, 
  pilsudski is considered as a great polish politician in hungary ... 
  i have never heard of his dirty businesses . 
  in hungary , before 1989 in the communist era , there was a law that `` everyone capable to work , must work '' and whoever did not work , was sent to prison . 
  also the police was quite heavy handed that time . 
  this has kind of loosened up the gipsy communities and allowed some sort of integration with the rest of the society . 
  gipsy kids were going to school , adults were working , although often took low wage simple jobs . 
  this attitude had some momentum even after the communist regime broke in 1989 . 
  my dad had a restaurant in the 90s and had quite a few gipsy employees . 
  kitchen staff , waiters etc. 
  they did the job , got the payment , like everyone else . 
  noone in my proximity has treated them differently and they returned with goodwill . 
  things got worse later , due to rising unemployment and emerging racism . 
  now you surprise me . 
  i ca n't remember learning anything of him , mostly about matthias who has ruled the same age . 
  well the curriculum may change continously ( and my memories are fading too ), 
  hungarian here . 
  i dare to say that there is no negative feeling here against modern russia . 
  kind of neutral . 
  certainly noone likes what soviets did here , but , well , its over so it 's better to look forward . 
  so what is better then ? 
  depression and shame ? 
  are n't you proud of being finnish ? 
  i think national pride shall not be the same as nationalism . 
  the latter i deny . 
  however i really do not mind if slovaks , poles , romanians and hungarians and whoever else around are proud of that little , but hopefully growing results of their efforts . 
  so why do you think hu is supporting croatia 's migration to eu ? 
  the scenario that you mentioned is almost unlikely next to impossible , if you see it realistically . 
  yes . 
  sea ... 
  i like how sweden has transformed l\u00e1ngos to its taste with the shrimps topping . 
  kudos  once you might just try the original one , with plenty of crushed garlic . 
  i am just speculating , but i think that the language similarity between romanian and french makes france a favored destination for romanian gypsies . 
  still it does not justify france 's bold attitude on the issue . 
  so what then , will they distinguish people on their origin and race ? 
  bright future , indeed . 
  hungary is checking in !, 
  pm me , 
  good . 
  [ guly\u00e1sleves ] ( http://www.nosalty.hu/files/imagecache/img-421x289-v/recept_kepek/tradicionalis-gulyasleves.jpg ) ( spicy beef soup with potatoes and paprika ), 
  thanks for the info about the movies . 
  i have not seen any of these . 
  my favourite of his historical novels is turms the immortal , but i read the johannes and mikael series too and sinuhe , and the secret of the kingdom and the roman as well . 
  i have read two palmu detective stories and the chinese kitten too , possibly that 's all ... waltari is really a great storyteller !, 
  i did check it now and found [ this ] ( http://tudasbazis.sulinet.hu/hu/magyar-nyelv-es-irodalom/irodalom/irodalmi-animaciok-szimulaciok/irodalom-9-10/a-kalevala-mitologiai-apparatusanak-szarmazasi-rendje ) ( in hungarian ) . 
  its grade 8 elementary school material . 
  it may happen that it is not mandatory. , though . 
  well , i learned it 30 years ago . 
  focus of the studies is certainly changing by the time . 
  it was a more pagan time you know , nowadays i guess the focus is on the christian version of the story . 
  in hungary the finnish kalevala is the part of the elementary school curriculum . 
  we should not learn it by heart but had to read it and analyze parts of the epic . 
  i still remember that the world was meant to be made of a mallard 's egg . 
  sharing some ancient words with hungarian , for ex . 
  kala - hal ( fish ) , voi - vaj ( butter ) * antifreeze refill every fridays evening * has a significant swedish minority , some parts of finland accept swedish as second official language * they had fierce battles against soviets to defend the homeland in wwii * mika waltari and his super thick historical novels oh !, 
  also his children - and detective stories are enjoyable . 
  i suspect its due to plenty of immigrant workers in the tourism industry from slovakia and hungary . 
  i have worked at a software development company in hungary that was owned and managed by swedes . 
  the programmers gave `` funny '' code names to software components and use these in the english users manuals . 
  stuff like `` geci '' as graphical editor for configuration interface ( read : sperm ) or `` segg '' as software editor for graphical gadgets ( read : ass ) were quite common . 
  i do not know how the swedish manager got suspicious but the end of the story is that he has been in looking for each new abbreviation in the above mentioned alternative dictionary till the guys stopped being creative with the naming . 
  this poverty is astonishing . 
  i do not know what is the solution for this . 
  but it is certainly not [ building city walls ] ( http://www.economist.com/blogs/easternapproaches/2013/07/slovaks-and-roma ) nor [ exempt ] ( http://rt.com/news/france-gypsies-camps-dismantle-406/ ) or [ shooting ] ( http://www.time.com/time/world/article/0,8599,1895255,00.html ) . 
  then let 's just keep this belief  probably the vast majority of non-hungarians think that attila the hun was hungarian . 
  which is , indeed , highly debatable . 
  then you may just add [ peter mansfeld ] ( http://www.budapestdailyphoto.com/index.php/2009/09/16/mansfeld-peter ) too . 
  fought in the 1956 revolution as a 15 years old kid , got captured and kept in prison till he got 18 , old enough to execute him . 
  attila the hun, 
  * hungary 's involvement in the prague spring on the side of soviets . 
  * being the last european ally of germany in wwii, 
  i really can not list any victorious wars in the last 500 years of my country . 
  so here is a recent `` achievement '' i am proud of as hungarian : rubik 's cube,
