work : windows 7 . 
  home tinkering : elementary luna . 
  home browsing : osx . 
  i visited bulgaria once on a business trip . 
  i visited an engineering company in sofia . 
  it has honestly impressed me that the ratio of female engineers were very high , almost 50 % . 
  if this is a general trend then i shall say that bulgaria is well ahead lot of countries in gender equality . 
  oh and i loved * your * feta cheese !, 
  for your information , this is how it works in hungary : 1 . 
  socialist government rules , demonstrates that they are imbecile , unable to make any change , rising the ( already high ) taxes to sky and they are utterly corrupt . 
  people got fed up them and they vote for fidesz . 
  fidesz shows severe signs of authoriatism . 
  people do not like it , so they vote for the socialists again , twice in a row not to let fidesz back . 
  in two following periods the socialists prove again , that they are * still * imbecile and utterly corrupt , but now to the extreme . 
  puh , people vote for fidesz again . 
  fidesz shows athoriatism again . 
  now people are looking around , and there is just noone else to chose , whom they would believe are capable to govern a country . 
  the opposition is in ruins , except jobbik . 
  so what i foresee , that hungarians will eventually fed up with fidesz and will vote against them , but it is really big question if there would be any viable option . 
  edit : line breaks, 
  and poland , huh ? 
  one of my high school classmates and friend has became a jobbik delegate in a local government . 
  i am not in close contact with him anymore but i might ask him to answer your questions if you send me a question list . 
  and please do not judge me on this in any way , i am not a jobbik supporter , simply just know this guy in person . 
  i heard this , too . 
  if it 's true or fake , i do not know . 
  but i do know , that the western countries did not help hungary in the armed conflict against the soviets ( do you hear what i say , ukraine ? ) . 
  in fact , the west simply did not want to risk a conflict or a war against su for hungary , it being small and of less importance . 
  i think this lesson is still heavily influencing hungary 's contemporary politics how they relate to east and west . 
  i just hope that they will apply similar caps on the internet usage , otherwise it is just insane . 
  it is somewhat confusing . 
  in the [ proposed modification of the law ] ( http://www.parlament.hu/irom40/01705/01705.pdf ) ( in hungarian ) on page 51 ( pdf page 52 ) it mentions an upper cap of 700huf for private and 5000 huf cap for corporate users . 
  this is 2.3 eur and 16.3 eur cap respectively . 
  however it keeps referring to the subscribers by calling line numbers . 
  so it is not 100 % clear to me if this cap applies to the internet tax or regular phone calls tax . 
  they like us . 
  traffickers just dump those poor fellows at the border , telling them that they are in italy or austria . 
  sopron , the city of loyality . 
  the citizens have voted to remain part of hungary , altough a treaty has decided that the city belongs to austria . 
  knowing the actual difference in prosperity between the countries , this was a very respectable decision . 
  i am not sarcastic . 
  the same happened to me already . 
  i left the us one day after my visa has expired . 
  no one has even asked . 
  do not worry about it . 
  really , what can they do with you ? 
  look at you angrily ? 
  no worries mate . 
  noone will make a problem of it . 
  if they ask , just tell them sorry , you miscalculated it . 
  i have my doubts too but from different perspective . 
  originally , microusb has been enforced on the phone manufacturers by china 3-4 years ago . 
  crediting the eu for this is surprising . 
  yes , with those three words you shall be fine in hungary :d, 
  i know a few sentences . 
  like `` nie ma problemu '' - i think that was the first polish sentence that i have learned  also poland 's cultural impact is quite strong in hungary . 
  only in my district i can name like 5 streets named after famous polish persons . 
  poland . 
  the roadside ads , the cars , the streets , the houses , the people , the clothes , the shops , the restaurants , the parks ... everything is very similar to hungary and feels home . 
  i am really looking forward to voting to something else than fidesz , but wherever i look around , the rest of the parties are even crappier :(, 
  hold back the horses . 
  i have searched thru the official curriculum and this ethics book is not part of it . 
  it did exists and was one of the three that the teachers could choose from . 
  i am glad that this has been rewoked , because this book would have been called contemporary only in the dark medieval ages . 
  indeed , it has been an uproar about this book about a year ago in the local media . 
  i worked at an r&d development company that time in hungary . 
  we often received packages from sweden , from our headquarter . 
  before joining the eu handling each package was pain in the ass , filling in forms for customs , tax declaration , zollamt , delays , whatever . 
  when we joined the eu right from day one i could experience the benefit of the tax union . 
  packages just came by normal post , without any buerocracy . 
  this was a practical , immediate effect of joining to eu . 
  since then i experienced so many benefits of being an eu citizen . 
  i am glad to live in eu . 
  hope hu will not be expelled because of its moronic politicians . 
  i am happy to be the citizen of the eu . 
  t-rex was the biggest predator of its time , while hungary was n't . 
  thats why i have chosen the raptors as metaphor . 
  hungary : velociraptor . 
  once feared while raptoring around , but extint since a long long time . 
  still time by time it is woken up from its fossils in pictures to annoy/scare people around . 
  hungarian : formal does exist and may me \u00d6n or maga ( singular ) and \u00d6n\u00f6k / maguk ( plural ) . 
  if its \u00d6n or maga is difficult to explain . 
  \u00d6n is alway ok and considered more contemporary of the two formals . 
  maga is applicable in limited contexts only and more archaic . 
  if you have read the [ paul street boys ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_paul_street_boys ) then you might just visit [ this sculpture ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/b1/paul_street_boys_sculpture_pb110359.jpg ) . 
  the novel was somewhat popular in a number of countries . 
  [ t\u00e1llya ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/t%c3%a1llya ) , a small village in the tokaj region is famous of its vine . 
  [ this ] ( http://hollokoiborpince.hu/ ) small cellar is proven good . 
  i love them . 
  thanks !, 
  i will try it whenever i visit slovakia !, 
  the brown bread looks very tasty . 
  hungarian with polish so checking in : i love both your pierogi and bigos !, 
  as i heard the origin of these dishes , bigos looks more native to poland ( outsider view ) . 
  how 's the traditional slovakian bread look and tastes like ? 
  is it similar to the german rye bread or the breads in the balkan ( airy , somewhat sour taste ) or something else ? 
  how about semla then ? 
  i heard you have a semla day too !, 
  you guys must have a sweet tooth there up north !, 
  i can share a personal story from eastern europe .
