  this is almost a year old ... 
  they even mention the previous government as the government that was ruling at the time . 
  the south already work much harder for significantly less . 
  specially in the iberian peninsula . 
  please speak in english , other redditors probably want in on the discussion . 
  you 're extrapolating . 
  and in portugal the minimum wage is about half than that of spain 's . 
  and the prices are roughly the same ( actually many things in portugal are more expensive ) . 
  except that in these terms and conditions it 's not even arousing . 
  calling us piigs and lazy ? 
  feelings or instincts are n't rational ; that is correct . 
  by that sequence of ideas we should start eliminating the weaker elements of the human race so that we can subsist as a stronger race in the future . 
  let 's not forget we should n't help those in need because , well if they ca n't help themselves they are weak . 
  it 's the only rational thing to do . 
  fuck feelings , let 's be robots !, 
  those `` tough reforms '' simply fuck everything up even more . 
  we are employing even more austerity measures than the ones outlined in troika and all we 'll get from it is a huge recession because people will spend even less . 
  tell me , if you start working 8.5 hours or even 9 hours per day , receive less 10 % or 20 % of salary each year and have many rights overlooked , how is that good for the economy ? 
  what 'll happen in portugal and other pig-filled countries , as you like to refer them , is mass emigration of people who can afford it because they simply will have a third-world quality of life here . 
  seriously , how does austerity even remotely help ? 
  take away all the money from those who already have so little ? 
  fiscal regulation is fine , but the problem itself in our countries is structural , i.e. 
  : lobbies and corruption . 
  about the pointless megalithic projects , i 'm with you on that one . 
  but what can you do ? 
  and still you have n't answered me : imagine you 're a guy in this situation , what can you , a simple middle-class or poor person , do about this ? 
  besides voting in representives to participate in the fa\u00e7ade that is representive democracy , you ca n't do much . 
  protest ? 
  we protest . 
  referendums ? 
  we sign them . 
  vote ? 
  you can be pretty fucking sure i did n't vote for any of them . 
  now i ask of you , oh wise one , how would you solve this problem if you were in this situation ? 
  talking is pretty fucking easy . 
  i did n't beg for your money . 
  i do n't want your money . 
  please do n't generalize . 
  yes , you 're definitely right about that . 
  upvote for monty python . 
  you could argue we need a sense of humor to appreciate the pun but seriously , we 're already struggling to survive everyday and people start calling us pigs ? 
  maybe i 've just grown too cold . 
  in what way did i cause damage ? 
  why are you calling me a pig ? 
  i 'm sorry , but that acronym is purposely chosen to be insulting . 
  am i only the one who hates it when we are referred to as `` piigs '' ? 
  seriously , ireland and portugal at the top ? 
  what about italy ? 
  they 're not uninspired , it 's the traditional portuguese coin designs . 
  come on , do you really think this would ever be real ? 
  this wo n't ever be implemented . 
  you 're clearly portuguese . 
  our enemy is greed . 
  they 're increasingly going abroad . 
  there are no incentives or even jobs here . 
  also , nowadays , the pay for educated people is negligible , at best . 
  porto, 
  sounds awesome . 
  i too would like to be a bit more enlightened on this matter . 
  i kind of knew they were bullying less fortunate european countries but i never thought about greece 's admission in that way . 
  i ca n't really answer you . 
  as you said , fighting corruption is complex . 
  it 's up to you whether you want to keep fighting for these countries or not . 
  my tax money also goes to help greece a bit , and my country is in a similar situation . 
  i try to think not of the corrupt pigs behind the gov ' t and big corps but i think of the little guy who can barely make it to the end of the month with spare money ( and i wo n't even mention the many who do n't make it ) . 
  edit : i guess i 'm just angry because my professional life starts on this downward spiral we 're facing and my prospects for the future are very depressing and sad . 
  the feeling of being left `` alone '' with only this gov ' t to look after us kind of scares me , it 's simply that . 
  i honestly do n't see how this is detrimental . 
  i think people have a very conservative view of politicians . 
  what 's the problem with the guy having some fun ( provided said fun was paid from his pocket ) ? 
  people should be mad ( and are ) at silvio for other shit , but not for him hiring strippers . 
  so what do you propose ? 
  throw us to the lions ? 
  i have n't heard anything about portugal quitting euro ... edit : scratch that , seems like that might happen . 
  crap . 
  well you see , the `` greater good '' is not for the corrupted gov ` t , it 's for the honest people who try to strive in that corrupted gov ` t. 
  they 're hardly responsible for them ( even if they voted for them ) and are now being the target of every selfish european such as yourself . 
  no , i do n't want you to give money to corrupted and broken gov ` t , nor do i want to do that myself . 
  maybe i did n't explain correctly , with independent bodies who can regulate every country , you could greatly decrease the amount of corruption on every country ( that is , unless said body becomes corrupted as well ) . 
  who knows , maybe have legislation which allows that body to overthrow the gov ' t unless certain criteria for this situation is met . 
  i can totally see your point of view : you 're from a good and rich country and do n't want to give money to the lazy southern europeans . 
  well i 'm a southern european ( portugal ) . 
  i have n't voted for my current gov ' t and still have to endure all the austerity measures , tax increases , health care cuts and increasing rates of unemployment . 
  and even though there are many sleazy italians and greeks , there are many more honest ones and it 's for those ones and for the greater good of europe as an economic power that i would like to fight for . 
  union , not separation . 
  not everyone for themselves . 
  this would n't possible in the near future because of all the implications , like for example , govern these corrupted `` states '' ( countries in present form ) and cultural integration , language , etc. . . 
  it 's an utopia ( which i , as an european , would like to be possible one day ) . 
  but what is possible for now , is to create independent bodies to regulate all countries , who look after the greater good of europe as an united economy . 
  same happens in portugal . 
  how can governments fight this ( if they wanted ) ? 
  on a side note , that 's an awesome domain name for a website . 
  i 'd guess because portugal has a very aged population who does n't want to mess with computers . 
  also , internet is expensive to many . 
  these are n't as high as they portray them , tbh . 
  yes parental leaves are big . 
  there is also a serious problem in natality on the north and interior regions ( well basically in every city beyond the three biggest cities ) . 
  there are many unnecessary funds and social aids in my country , which coincidently are either directed to those who do n't need it ( by means of corruption ) or those who do n't deserve ( people who sit on their arse all day ) . 
  but the bigger problems , as i believe is the situation of ireland , greece , italy and to some extent , mis hermanos espa\u00f1oles , are structural . 
  the notion of oligarchy carried out by banks and politicians creates a structure which is rotten and resilient to change because it would affect directly those who are in charge .
