  let 's be honest here , most people do n't earn that much . 
  can you provide a bit more context ? 
  that was so tongue in cheek that your tongue punctured your cheek ( but i found it funny :d ) . 
  windows 8 does have some improvements in the kernel . 
  i seem to have comitted a gaffe . 
  i read eu when i should have read eurozone . 
  my childhood was definitely bettered because of portugal being in the eu because of the money stream coming from the eu . 
  this allowed my parents to have better jobs then they would 've had if there was no such money funding various types of projects . 
  my childhood was probably bettered but my adulthood was definitely worsened . 
   portugal , you 're supposed to be our m8 . 
  like you have n't broke that alliance numerous times before   but in all seriousness , burning cars is n't very nice . 
  i really do n't understand spain 's point of view on this . 
  this is not spain 's point of view . 
  it 's just the point of view of a very small minority . 
  please mate , you do n't stand a chance . 
  edit : why the downvotes ? 
  i was using the playful tone set by realwizardry . 
  why all the butthurt ? 
  that has nothing to do with our ` lifestyle ' you elitist bastard . 
  this happens with most ` iconic ' countries as well . 
  for example , not everyone in france eats baguettes all the time nor is overly romantic . 
  likewise , not everyone in the usa is a fat , burger-eating , anti-communist , pro-gun , christian , muslim-hater guy . 
  it 's an image constructed for tourism . 
  of course , there are cultural differences between the northern and southern countries but not in the exaggerated fashion that is displayed in the article . 
  catalonia was a country before people even considered crossing the atlantic to colonize your shitty land . 
  that was n't really communism . 
  portugal could theoretically involve galicia . 
  oporto - port wine, 
  we have lots of epic heroes . 
  a more ancient one is [ viriatus ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/viriato ) - the famous lusitanian leader ( celtic people ) who defied rome . 
  damn , it feels bad to be irrelevant ... 
  why 's that ? 
  he did release some pseudo-bm albums since he was released from jail but he has hardly been relevant . 
  he influenced many bands with works like det som engang var , hvis lysett tar oss and filosofem but that 's that . 
  the genre moved on from that second wave onto the third and subsequent waves of bm . 
  why would you say that ? 
  varg has n't even been relevant since the early 90 's black metal craze . 
  was n't windows 95 basically an improved os/2 ? 
  did n't both companies , at one point , work on os/2 but then microsoft decided to follow its own path ( and copied os/2 ) ? 
  and nationality in oss does n't really matter - it is usually maintained by a lot of different people . 
  there are other user-friendly distros besides ubuntu ... 
  im a bit sad that perhaps noone understood that reference . 
  you 're contradicting yourself . 
  so the solution is either not having money or not deposing money in a bank ? 
  you 're faroese and you do n't mention [ tyr ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fu2bgwcv43o ) ? 
  [ adiafa - canta a r\u00f4la , pia o cuco ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vnfr5-4ajm8 ) it 's full of sexual innuendo . 
  basically , the chorus poses the question of why the women does n't put makeup on her labia , given that she spends so much time on her face which , presumably is n't her biggest asset . 
  edit : looking at the top posts , i though this was about embarrassing ` folk ' songs . 
  since i see some serious music in this thread , i give you [ sangre cavallum - o minho n\u00e3o \u00c9 uma fronteira ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wczsxpcdyqk ), 
  this is bad stand-up . 
   considering the daily express and daily mail felt it necessary to cover the madeleine mccann story for months ( years even ) yeah here too ... and that story somehow tainted the view that british had over our country . 
  it 's a stupid law , i agree , but would n't i get sent to the dungeons of the tower of london if i insulted her majesty in her country ? 
  historically , the playstation always sold better than the xbox . 
  same thing happened with snes and megadrive - the sega product sold much better then the nintendo product . 
  with this whole debacle , microsoft will lose even more market share . 
  i feel like i 'm back at the turn of the millenium , when it was cool to dish microsoft because they were evil . 
   and wish they were spanish . 
  over my dead cold inert body . 
   / r/europe floods them with peace . 
  and loans them money with incredibly high interest . 
  and imposes severe austerity . 
  that applies to any kind of dictator . 
   how do people continue to accept this ? 
  i do n't acccept it , i do n't condone it . 
  i loathe these decisions . 
  i think we 're ignoring the elephant in the room here : fifty shades of grey is a shitty book . 
  unemployment ? 
  i can never tell if you 're being serious or not . 
  if you are then you should know that the stereotypical neckbeards you 're thinking about do n't use facebook and rarely twitter . 
  even if facebook/twitter had replicated nodes in turkey , which i 'm not sure they did , if those nodes were down then the traffic would be redirected to the nearest nodes . 
  unless all facebook/twitter servers were down or mind-boggingly stressed . 
  which they are n't . 
  yeah , i ca n't imagine being in a country whose government is disliked yet is reelected . 
  they are . 
  i do n't want to have a dick size contest on who has the highest taxes or cost of living , but trust me , this generation does n't get out of their parent 's homes because they do n't want to - they just ca n't . 
  trust me , it 's not cultural anymore . 
  no they do n't - they simply ca n't afford to live alone . 
  the wages are shit and the cost of living . 
  that was common like 2 or 3 generations ago , not anymore . 
  just to clarify , civil servants will now work 8 hours per day ( as do normal private sector employees ) instead of the moronic 7 hours per day they had , because of their `` special '' status . 
  this measure is merely symbolic and wo n't have any real benefit ( most industries of public enterprises wo n't benefit much from an extra hour ) but it will at least put civil servants somewhat closer to the rest of the employed portuguese people . 
  that said , the other cuts are harsh and somewhat unfair . 
  whether or not they work , i wo n't start that discussion again . 
  they 're called [ gunas ] ( http://imgur.com/govo3iu ) . 
  edit : [ relevant video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lrr2ejl-nbu ), 
   no , it 's not . 
  regulation is trading away `` bad '' jobs for unemployment . 
  you use quotes for ` bad ' as if what i find bad is n't really bad . 
  slavery is bad , for example , which is what many job offers in our country are starting to be ( without the physical punishment associated with slavery , though ) . 
   and the best tool for good wages and good labour standards is low unemployment so that it 's harder for employers to find good workers at a low wage and so that it 's easier for employees to find good work at a high wage . 
  you might argue that . 
  still , for that to happen , everyone would have to take up shitty , quasi-slavery jobs . 
  do n't really feel like paying for the mistakes of previous generations . 
   what would it matter if the government restricted your choice and chose for you that that job was n't sufficient and you could n't accept it regardless of your own opinion ? 
  i would wager that most the population do n't want to be abused  if you open exceptions that will create ( more ) loop-holes in the legislation which in turn will allow more abuse by the employers . 
  now , our country does have rather restrictive law regarding labour . 
  this is both good and bad . 
  obviously it 's good for the employee and bad for the employer . 
  as with everything in life , a balance must always be achieved . 
  but even if the scales are not balanced , the labour laws are n't the biggest impediment to job creation in portugal - all the extra taxes and bureaucracy are ( well , that and lack of funding and innovative ideas ) .
