  what other language would they need to learn ? 
   i find this to be ever so slightly creepy . 
  reddit 's hivemind is as creepy as the general population 's hivemind . 
  it is though an interesting case study for sociology and marketing . 
  always think for yourself and take media with a grain of salt . 
   the language you call `` unintelligible '' is what lawyers call precise , the language you call `` intelligible '' is what lawyers call ambiguous . 
  constitutions should be written in some mathematical model/notation . 
  formal logic systems mayhaps ? 
   until i see decades them actually voting for non corrupt politicians that 's impossible : there are no `` non corrupt politicians '' here ... 
   however , it is a good question on should the taxes go up or down , which is really better in this situation ? 
  essential products and some services should go down while non-essential should go up . 
  that 's a given . 
  and that includes cars also ( i doubt anyone is buying new cars nowadays , except the rich . 
  most people who want a car just buy a 10 or 5 year old used car ) . 
  i wish we could live without a car but alas , the public transportation systems in portugal are utter shit . 
  sometimes you just do n't have an alternative ( and do n't give me the bike argument , portugal is anything but flat ... ), 
   tear down labour laws , when you make firing easy you make hiring easier . 
  clearly you do n't know portuguese employers ... 
  europa . 
  gross generalization , at best . 
  in portugal we have a lot of immigration . 
  some bad comes out of it but some good also . 
  i would never go as far as saying most are criminal ( except maybe the romani ) . 
   i 'm not racist but i do n't like these immigrants in scandinavia . 
  i 'll assume norwegians are like swedish and portuguese are like spanish ... which probably is n't true . 
  that 's full of beautiful people ... 
  the standard deviation for this `` average '' must be steep because normal people i see everyday are borderline ugly . 
  actually , not so much in portugal ... 
  it 's not like if we were part of an european federation we would stop eating francesinhas and drinking super bock or lose other parts of our culture ... as for our identity , well we could use some more efficiency and rigour instead of `` desinmerdan\u00e7o '' ... 
  that 's so easy to say ... what would you do in my position ? 
  i 'll give a glimpse of the current situation : * almost bi-partidary system ( everyone with lobbies on everything , from energy to transports , roads , etc. . . ) * ignorant , apathetic and totally broke people * debt ... debt everywhere * industry destroyed by previous governments * no growth * low wages and even lower purchasing power * poverty what would you , a simple guy who wants nothing better than see this country rise from the ashes , do in such a situation ? 
  well , leave the country is an option , but besides that i do n't see much else . 
  this a system that you ca n't get around with manifestations or strikes ( these serve little purpose ) and the portuguese themselves do n't want to fight , do n't know how and have a culture of being `` smartasses '' and egoists . 
  * sigh * no amount of money will fix , only external pressure and regulation . 
  without that , there 's no hope for us . 
   the battle for a non corrupt portugal has to be fought by the portuguese , that is the only way for real change to happen . 
  this wo n't happen . 
  the cultural problem is too deeply rooted , it would take generations of indoctrination on perceived right ideals . 
  either that or another war . 
  so you 're basically saying we should all die ? 
  if that were so , then there are many more countries who have `` ran out '' of money . 
  it seems to me you 're talking out of your ass . 
  export industries are n't the number one industry in portugal , though , so it wo n't do that much good . 
  well , starving people to death is n't the alternative for sure . 
  neither is choking our economy by lowering even more our ( already way below the average ) buying power . 
  but i guess we 're all just dirty , lazy pigs . 
  sugar ruins coffee for me . 
  death by snus-snus ? 
  you know what the problem is ? 
  we also pay for public education ( including public universities ) with taxes and all that and still they 're expensive as fuck ( for our wages ) :(, 
   one year of univeristy education fuck me ... 
   ask for it when you 're in oporto . 
  ftfy, 
   the only ones to blame are the portuguese people on making poor political choices for the last decade . 
  it 's always the same tired fallacy . 
  i hope you do n't have to experience something like this one day in your country , lest you start to regret the atrocities you spew . 
  small edit : why does it seem to me that it 's always the finns that garness such apparent disgust towards the southern countries ? 
  is it a media thing ? 
  we 're just ashamed that we lost our independence for some 40 or 60 years . 
  nothing personal . 
   after some deep societal reconstruction hah . 
  not gon na happen . 
  unfortunately , not really as a whole ... 
  i failed to see anything from my country in that video . 
  actually that 's a long story . 
  [ well , what does this say about me ? 
  ] ( http://politicalcompass.org/printablegraph?ec=0&amp;soc=0 ), 
  so you 're comparing trimming salary with someone who has little to someone who has a lot ? 
  sure it is bad when your salary is trimmed , no matter what , but when you have little and you get even less , that 's way worse . 
  a shitty and lifeless society . 
  you 're an asshole . 
  national products are usually much more expensive . 
  angola is in antarctica nowadays . 
  where have you been ? 
  rtp has the secret to reach the speed light . 
  otherwise how would you explain the lack of real content , other than it goes by so fast you do n't even see it ? 
  i admit , our politician 's gaffes are just sad , not really funny , but we could go on all day talking about them !, 
  ( there are a lot ), 
  hitler did nothing wrong . 
  edit : come on reddit , you do n't even get references to stuff that was on the frontpage of 3 different sub-reddits for like , 3 days in a row ? 
  tbh supermarkets do give out food that 's about to expire . 
  believe me , i know what banco alimentar gives out and it 's mostly milk and yoghurt about to expire and rice/pasta . 
  you can survive with that but it 's not a healthy diet . 
  this comment should be in the top . 
  people here give barroso too much credit , if only they knew who he really was : a greedy , lying and immoral fellatio practitioner . 
  in essence , a politician . 
  it 's high-middle class in my country . 
  those prices are just ruthless and plain stupid , considering the minimum and average wages ( and we all know that average wages is n't the best possible way to measure what a citizen of a given country will probably earn , at least in sufficiently corrupted countries ; the average is always extremely offset by stupidly high wages from lobbies in state related jobs ) . 
  so following this logic , are the fuel prices high in hungary ? 
  because 20 % off of your salary is a lot ( in my city certain passes can take up to 9 % or 10 % of the minimum wage ) . 
  fucking prices in porto ... and that 's the price for the global transportation network ( the andante ) , if you use alternative ones ( resende for example ) the prices are even higher i think . 
  plus , in the andante network , the fine for not paying your ticket is the price times 100 ... not to even mention the godawful service stcp offers . 
  honestly i would n't mind being governed by a sufficiently uncorrupt and efficient government , instead of my own ( unless that meant even more austerity and even more degrading social state ) . 
  head from merkel ? 
  what ? 
  are you implying fish ministers have no saying in software patents ? 
  no , the first foreign language is always english . 
  i genuinely feel sorry for the greeks nowadays ... 
  you again ... 
  perhaps , perhaps not .
