i have never used antibiotics in my life . 
  did n't this was such a big problem . 
  what you 're not seeing is that giving up borders is basically giving up a part of your identity . 
  specially with our country , which has some of the oldest borders in europe . 
  becoming part of a `` greater spain '' makes no sense - we do n't have that much in common with spain . 
  the only way i 'd accept losing sovereignity is if we were to become eu states ( i know , not a popular opinion on / r/europe ) . 
  we 're not a state , stop spewing the superiority bullshit . 
  the crap you 're talking about happened before spain was even a country . 
  you should know that , since you study that . 
  portugal is its own country with its own language and culture and it never shared any roots with castille or leon . 
  at the most , it shared roots with galicia . 
  yes , i 'd like portugal to unite with galicia . 
  not with spain . 
  it 's people like you that give a bad name to spaniards in my country . 
  stop with your rampant nationalism , noone gives a fuck . 
  you should try to study history in general . 
  have some respect . 
  did i just hear a remix of a riff from slayer 's raining blood ? 
  just so you know , there 's no such thing as 12 am ( only 0 am ) . 
  but you 're in / r/europe , so you can safely use the sane hour accounting scheme . 
  it 's a tough question . 
  besides portugal , i 've only been to spain . 
  i do know a lot about other countries , so this is like choosing your favorite band - there is n't one . 
  it boils down to the mood you 're in . 
  so right now i 'm in the mood for galicia . 
  perhaps next month , scotland . 
  it means to be far away also . 
  you might want to revise your history . 
  portugal had a republic before the dictatorship . 
  anything that is n't superbock, 
  of course there is such a thing as a `` country culture '' . 
  one of the reasons for creating a kingdom in ancient times was that it shared a common culture . 
  many kingdoms would later ( much much later ) become a country . 
  of course with borders and geopolitics , a country may encompass various kingdoms and/or cultures . 
  for example , italy , spain , germany , etc. . . also , rome vs barcelona vs athens vs belgrade really are * very * different from one another and have very different cultures . 
  now i 'm somewhat interested in knowing what it is they ( they as in the people you 're talking about ) think of us . 
  would this depend on the region ( bavaria , saxony , etc. . . ) or the city itself ? 
  perhaps more rural parts of germany are more xenophobic or ignorant of other cultures ( i know i 'm sort of generalizing but this is true for many countries , including my own ) . 
   latino refers to spanish , italian and portuguese people too . 
  not really . 
  portuguese + spanish = iberian culture . 
  it 's a mixture of various celtic cultures , some germanic people ( visigoths , suevs , etc. . . ) , some basque culture and a lot of moorish influence . 
  basically what i meant was `` yes i wanted a reply but i changed my mind as soon as that reply came with insults '' . 
  possibly my choice of words was n't the best , but yeah . 
  i expected an informed opinion . 
  instead i got an insult and downvotes . 
  this subreddit is going downhill fast . 
  well that 's one way to ignore everything else i said . 
  there is no debate though . 
  you have no national pride and i do . 
  you find national pride dumb and i find people who do n't have national pride dumb . 
  we 'll never agree with each other . 
  oh , so you 're one of * those * guys . 
  listen buddy , i do n't care what the fuck you think . 
  most people are proud of their heritage and where they are born and from whom they are born ( unless they despise their family , which people like you normally do ) . 
  yes i 'm proud to say that i belong and descend from people who built the portuguese empire or that fought off romans for centuries or that claimed back the iberian peninsula from the moors . 
  but there is a difference between saying that i 'm proud of these deeds and saying that i find myself superior or inferior to others . 
  i do n't . 
  i respect others and take interest in other cultures . 
  it 's normal to be proud of whom you were born and be proud of your sons and grandsons . 
  not doing that is being irrational and narcissistic . 
  edit : come on , shower me with downvotes just because you disagree with me . 
  because that 's what the rediquette says , right ? 
  what 's wrong with being proud of your nation and heritage ? 
   nidarosdomen ( nidaros cathedral ) , i presume ? 
  oh , that 's the [ mayhem cathedral cover ] ( http://i.imgur.com/6d5tkpe.jpg ) . 
  super bock , always . 
  super bock is widely praised as the best portuguese beer ( both nationally and internationally ) . 
   some guys signing about a fox have had lots of likes on youtube . 
  does this fox perform barrel rolls ? 
  yeah , this is not an informative map , it 's just a pretty infograph to be passed around facebook . 
  does n't infineon have cpu fabs in germany ? 
   yes , it would . 
  it would be a `` coup de gras '' to the region . 
  which is why i already suspect it of being `` in the works '' . 
  banks win either way . 
  if they can catalyze economic disaster , they win the most in the shortest amount of time . 
  i do n't think anybody would win . 
  how would the banks profit from this , even in short term ? 
   to paraphrase and adapt baudelaire to modern times . 
  `` portugal will never be free until the last crooked politician is strangled with the entrails of the last bankster . '', 
  come on now , we 're better than that . 
   the vci around and through porto ( where i live ) has been rumored and even officially commented on as being tollable , and for many reasons , such as too much traffic , much needed income to the region . 
  that would truly incite rioting . 
  vci is too important to be tolled , it would destroy many businesses . 
  history is written by the victor . 
  for all we know , all they managed to spill was a glass of milk . 
  on one hand , portugal needed some of this infrastructure back then ( tr\u00e1s-os-montes had terrible roads ) . 
  on the other hand , one can guess how many favors were behind these ` public ' contracts . 
  and now we pay for this crap , as always . 
  but i did say it was anecdotal evidence . 
  the average is n't neither right nor wrong - it 's just a statistical tool used for analysing almost any scenario . 
  that was n't really my point . 
  no it 's not . 
  and from anecdotal experience from various people i know , the actual `` average '' wage , i.e. 
  the most likely wage you 'll find , is around 600-700 $ . 
  since it 's an average it 's always skewed by bigger wages . 
  with the growing disparity between social classes , the average will be even more disconnected from the reality - it will be a middle ground that is rarely achieved ( people will either earn much more than the average or much less then the average ) . 
  or in portugal 's scenario , the middle class will cease to exist and since there 'll be much more people earning less , the average will be skewed down . 
   this on a country where average wage is around 800 $ / month .
