  once again , what does that have to do with calling every single one of us a lazy pig ? 
  see , this is the kind of thing that annoys people who strive to make a living in a poor country like mine . 
  jeez ... 
  if i were to unjustly call everyone in your country , lazy , stupid and filthy , would you not try to defend yourself ? 
  i mean , you hit rock bottom with your comment `` hurr durr the flag says it all '' . 
  if that was trolling , then you were successful , if not , throw yourself off a bridge please . 
  you people are clearly blind by your stupid media . 
  not everyone skips taxes , i 've paid taxes all my fucking life . 
  besides , germany and the like depend on the filthy southerners to buy their precious cars and whatnot . 
  it 's as if everyone here suddenly knows exactly what 's going on in these countries just because their favorite newspaper shows dubious statistics on a given subject . 
  yes , southern countries are more corrupt . 
  no , we 're not pigs and no , this is n't entirely our fault ( specially the fault of those who try to live an honest life ) . 
  you fucking prick . 
  see , the `` pigs '' as you amusedly routinely refer to , are part of the problem . 
  yes i 'll admit , my country and other like it are corrupt to the very rotten core . 
  but since you like pointing your fucking finger so much , i 'll point mine as well . 
  you know who else is part of the problem ? 
  people like you . 
  yes like you . 
  you go around `` hurr durr dumb southern europeans do n't work and steal our monies '' . 
  this is more than a gross generalization and stupid stereotype , this is simply not true . 
  if anything , people around here do n't work because there are no jobs . 
  and now , mr. northern smarty pants , imagine you are a member of the elite northern vikings but you are working in the filthy countries of the south . 
  picture this , though as repulsive as it may sound to one of your calibre . 
  imagine you 're living and working here . 
  wtf would you do ? 
  would you also be happy if some dumbass northerner called you lazy and told you were the culprit for all this shit ? 
  with all due respect sir , do fuck off . 
   there was apparently a doctor who segment that was cut due to time restraints . 
  not a sadist but i would n't be exactly `` sad '' if some of the people more directly accountable for this situation would lose their heads . 
  * ( hint : i 'd actually be fucking overjoyed ) . 
  yeah , generalize away ... 
  [ moonspell - alma mater ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hxyvngnnzvu ), 
   their profession is consistently one of the most overworked profession . 
  so our purchase power is less than greece 's ? 
  is that correct ? 
  i was under the impression greece is under deep shit ... 
  did n't know agent 47 played the cello ... 
   maybe the point of all this is to make people so poor that in future they will be happy to work for 500 $ a month with no social security 500 $ a month with no social security ? 
  you mean portugal ? 
  every establishment is required by law to have one . 
  there is also a national force whose job is ( among other things ) audit these establishments and see that their book is in accordance to the law . 
  why should spanish people die of hunger ? 
  what are you basing this opinion on ? 
  stereotypes do n't count , there 's lazy people in every country . 
  stereotypical guy is stereotypical . 
  everyone in southern europe is corrupt and/or lazy . 
  it is known ... ... ... fuck you . 
  what 's the point of that ? 
  a regular laptop does more and is less expensive . 
  metal unites us !, 
  i have a problem with high taxes both because i know where the money is being spent ( i.e. 
  inappropriately ) and because our wages are low as shit . 
  abortion is legal in portugal . 
  just reading it makes my blood boil ... 
  nor do any of us . 
  i do n't really get some of those stereotypes , mostly the ones about my country , denmark and austria . 
  weather here was fine and dandy , 
  `` everything behind the wall is south to us ... '', 
  come on , saying that everyone that have families nowadays live in social housing is ... stupid , to say the least . 
  you know perfectly well that 's not the norm . 
  there are many that do ( and even amongst those that do , there are some that - gasp - actually deserve that kind of help ) but what is the problem with underprivileged people ? 
  are you some kind of elitist ? 
  so was portugal . 
  not really . 
  in my country we only have people getting out . 
  ` double dip ' also has double entendre . 
  a bit off-topic : thanks to an unhealthy amount of exposure to reddit branded rage comics , i ca n't read that without picturing a `` poorly drawn pen '' . 
  a touch of brilliance indeed . 
  fuck those people . 
  fuck those people with a passion . 
  more like dataisdepressing :(, 
  well , the romans were common in europe back in the day ... 
   and what the fuck does barroso ? 
  i mean . 
  come on . 
  more like what he did : left his country in the middle of his mandate ... 
  this makes me realize that if i were to go work abroad , no one would recognize in any possible way my college . 
  that looks badass as fuck . 
  that or he does n't realize the timeline tardis thingy has ended . 
  my plan is to eventually move out of portugal . 
  i had norway or sweden in mind but germany would be fine by me as well . 
  good ol' bobby drop tables . 
  taxes are ( or at least should be ) relative to income , so that everyone contributes with same effort , relatively speaking . 
  i can understand the `` well-educated '' qualifier , but what does being middle-class or downright poor have to do with anything ? 
  i 'm with you , we need to share more european culture and have a bit light-hearted mood around here . 
  talking only about this so-called `` crisis '' brings everyone 's spirits down . 
  but with all due respect , bankers are evil . 
  reddit usually goes nuts over these crazy laws . 
  too bad we do n't matter much :(, 
  it 's a different kind of insanity here . 
  sorry man , but got ta downvote you . 
  as much as i hate certain parts of the us , they have great landscapes and some interesting culture ( in some places ) . 
  yay !, 
  generalization !, 
  neither here . 
  that 's it , i 'm going to move to norway : money , vikings and black metal . 
  besides that , i believe the values are a bit too high for portugal . 
  but statistics here never truly reflect the reality . 
  do you really think we have that much purchasing power ?
