  not even worth mentioning . 
  [ an old nordic execution method . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/blood_eagle ), 
  they perform a blood eagle on them . 
  the true hell is in imperial units . 
  here it 's also the same as in winter - a bit chilly with sunshine on most days . 
  seems very residual . 
  that 's the same as saying that the vikings raided the iberian peninsula . 
  i mean yeah , they raided one or two fishing villages but they did n't leave a lasting legacy . 
  the magyars even less . 
  the people who left their legacy here were the celts , who mixed with the native iberian people , the romans , the various germanic tribes that migrated here ( specially the suebi and the visigothics ) and finally the moors . 
  the others are barely a footnote in our history . 
  did they really even come to andalucia ? 
  it 's sad when your top export partner is also your top import partner . 
  sucks to exist in the ass of europe . 
  madeira wine is usually referred to the fortified version of the wine as well . 
  verde tinto , the whole 5l flask . 
  of course , we 're european countries after all . 
  portuguese one is better . 
   tfw you store away all the winter blankets and will have to get them out again, 
  it does n't have that much to do with being further north ( it 's only 500/600 km away from lisbon ) but more to do with altitude . 
  parola in portuguese is a tacky woman . 
  where in southern portugal ? 
  it was 6c when i got into the car this morning in lisbon . 
  people are not nationalistic , you are just a castillan at heart . 
  ham not really but the rest , yeah . 
  we have similar tastes , except i prefer sunshine and warm weather over wind and rain . 
  does it ever get hot enough for sunbathing ? 
  do galicians also feel spanish ? 
  what does it mean to feel spanish - being castillan or leonese ? 
  in the alentejo regions , during summer , you ca n't really be out during noon and physical work is really hard . 
  i guess it 's the same in extremadura and andalucia . 
   it does n't rain that much in portugal . 
  you are probably from southern portugal . 
  it rains quite a bit in portugal and specially in northern portugal . 
  we are not a tropical country . 
  you have the second best . 
  second to us . 
   netherlands  france  belgium  switzerland  england  germany kek, 
  it 's holanda in portuguese, 
  was not expecting silmarillion references here . 
   in the douro valley points for douro and not duero . 
   far-better-than-the-french wine but still inferior to portuguese wine . 
  i am aware of that - i 'm a fan of flamenco . 
  but op was referring to a portuguese , [ which also exists ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/portuguese_guitar ) . 
  except that would n't matter much because spain and portugal held control over a large portion of the new world and trade routes that did n't need the mediterranean . 
  the ottomans simply were not rich nor sufficiently advanced to face what were at the time the two major world powers . 
  i doubt the turks had the money / power to overtake the iberian peninsula around that era . 
  for sure , and cities built entirely on hills !, 
  well , we have surf , good weather and a replica of the golden gate bridge . 
  fish is more common on coastal towns . 
  in the `` interior '' you have loads of meat-based dishes . 
   and as we dutch are germanic we would most likely maintain them much better than the greek what does being germanic ( as if the dutch are not a mix of ethnicities ) have to do with anything ? 
  i could argue , being lusitanian/celtic that i can maintain them better than someone of germanic ancestry and my argument would have the same value as yours : none . 
  you really think you pay my bills ? 
  this is n't greece you are talking about . 
  exactly . 
  it would make much more sense to include braga or coimbra . 
  1v1 knife bro, 
  wine , beer , soda and sugar - it 's receita . 
  oh in that case ( predominantly spicy ) i do n't think so , but in portugal ( and specially northern portugal ) we use a lot of piri-piri and aguardente to season . 
  but with all the body heat it 's closer to 0 ... probably . 
  i think it depends on which southern europe country you are talking about . 
  portugal confirmed as the california of europe . 
  believe me , my country is very much retarded . 
  only slightly ? 
  even in southern spain it snows except here . 
  i think it 's more the inverse - snow is rare except for some selected areas with either high altitude or away from the coast . 
  of course it rains during all seasons ( but much less in the summer ) , else we would n't have a temperate climate . 
  as others have said , it depends , but yeah , temperatures close to 0 at night is common during winter . 
  i lived some 20 years there , 
  someone should take a photo of a portuguese town with the current 10c , clear skies and abundant sunshine and show what winter is like in most of the iberian peninsula . 
  i 'm too lazy to do that . 
  fair enough , you got me !, 
  it 's a joke , lighten up ... 
  i am well aware of my country 's and europe 's history . 
  shit , i 'll probably have to wear a jacket . 
  in lisbon . 
  but in truth , at 7am i was still sleeping . 
  those temperatures are normal for braga , it has its own micro-climate of sorts . 
  i only wanted to have sub-zero temperature . 
  where i am , the minimum i 've seen this year is 7c . 
  i see we share the same curse words . 
  does n't look like anything to me . 
  pretty normal for southern europe . 
  there are places in southern portugal and spain where it reaches 40 almost everyday in august . 
  long and thick . 
  yeah , cod is superior . 
  in my father 's time it was also the christ baby . 
  this globalization trend sort of ended that and we imported the american santa into our christmas tradition . 
  not really . 
  it has a noticeable difference in rents , which are much cheaper in good zones than in lisbon . 
  i think reintegration should be superimposed over punishment but there are some categories of crimes that should resolve in direct punishment , like war crimes or high treason . 
  i am divided - part of me is proud that my home city is shown instead of the capital but the other part is wondering if that value is accurate - i would think it would be a bit higher . 
  they were called kalaikoi by the greeks i think . 
  a good mix of old and modern can make a city more lively . 
  office-related zones could be more modern , shopping / restaurant / bar zones could be more old-school . 
  alfornelos ? 
  in your face spain !, 
   could n't he find space just for one more kilogram ???
