  ~ ~ jesus ~ ~ cheese, 
  do n't know about pumpkins but the bagpipes in northern portugal are clear remnants of pre-roman times and not some celtic revival . 
  nobody expects the spanish walking dead !, 
   some parts of spain are serious threatend to become desserts in the next few decades . 
  hmmm ... andalusian ice-cream ... 
  spanish people are learning desenrascan\u00e7o it seems . 
  you know he ca n't be tusted . 
  we should build a wall crossing the balkans and russia . 
  since we are the westernmost country we are also technically the most eastern country . 
  i thought m\u00e9rida was the capital of lusit\u00e2nia . 
  you never feel guilty while drinking medronho . 
  drink lots of water . 
  those that can afford it , have ac , the others , only fans . 
  when it 's liberated by the us , it 's called liberia . 
  metal as fuck . 
  there are different species of pig that can have different flavour and quality , [ like the black iberian pig ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/black_iberian_pig ) . 
  just thought it was a considerable amount of money for mps . 
  is it within the median wage in austria ? 
   in the austrian parliament they earn 8000 $ + per month . 
  they what ? 
  topkrk, 
  time to divide the universe with spain . 
  i know man , but i did n't remember the sequence so i made something up :d, 
  the latin alphabet ? 
  most houses in portugal do n't have a/c because it 's expensive . 
  micro climates i guess . 
  more like saragosta !, 
  i must have too much moorish blood in me because while everyone else complains about hot weather , i actually enjoy temperatures above 30 degrees . 
  in the end it does n't matter . 
  your work environment should have hooks for whatever versioning system you 're using that format the code to a company specified coding guidelines . 
  and your editor / ide could have an auto-format for your preferred coding style . 
   or wandering thought souq waqif in the shadows real-life fremen then . 
  did n't expect to see a portuguese black metal band on this sub . 
  if you live like that you 're not really a citizen , you 're more like a long term tourist living in your own little resort . 
  all roads lead to rome indeed . 
  `` why does n't spain annex portugal !!? '', 
  well , it 's not as if they did n't try ... 
  multiple times ... 
  i guess when you 're a pressed salted duck there 's only so much you can do . 
  hurr durr look at me i 'm so intelligent because i 'm an atheist . 
  in portuguese , pomar is a field of apple trees . 
  well , in terms of alpha-numeric sorting ... 
  we did n't really stop them at the time though ( iberia was conquered ) . 
  i thought that kind of disrespect for science only happened in my country . 
  i think snow is common in madrid during winter . 
  lisbon not really though . 
  those are actually a minority . 
  most countries have a language that is an integral part of their culture and identity . 
  if you do n't love the language of your home country then you do n't belong in it . 
  just salt it . 
  well i mean in terms of materials it 's cheaper to learn software engineering but still it 's not `` easy '' ( unless all you want to generate is code monkeys ) . 
   programmers in this case closer to the carpenter model than the doctor model haha , no . 
  i hear this all the time but i see no real evidence of it . 
  maybe i 'm just in the wrong area of tech . 
  diversification is needed from the north to the south , including lisbon . 
  our economy as a whole is weak and lisbon relies heavily on services while the northern region relies heavy on industries that are hard to compete on ( like textiles ) . 
  they completly ignored portugal . 
  but truth be told , even before being finished , it 's already one of the most beautiful cathedrals . 
  i have n't seen those prices inside the lisbon council for years , except maybe in zones like chelas . 
  in lisbon you 'd have to pay about 900 euros ( or more ) for a 50m2 apartment and our minimum wage is 500 euros . 
  with cow meat you wo n't die of hunger ? 
  does n't this affect the crops ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=galwqy4e7ls ), 
  how could they be replaced by christianity in bc ? 
  poorer than portugal ? 
  well i mean , historically ... 
  it certainly was the most beautiful on this list . 
  technically we are the westernmost country ( in continental europe ) as well as the easternmost . 
  tbh i 'm tired of the sun . 
  give me some months of darkness for a change . 
  spain is never fine . 
  i 'm not following you here . 
  what 's not masochistic about having everything cut and the average quality of life dropped significantly ? 
  i take it the people who are pro-austerity are the ones that are n't deeply affected by it . 
  not to be pedantic but would n't the masochists be the austerity lovers in this case ? 
  or perhaps you 're being ironic . 
  that 's because it 's the mean - there are salaries which offset by a lot the average portuguese salary . 
  tbh i believe the real average salary in portugal is about 600 $ , probably less nowadays . 
   but he must think i 'm seriously ill informed . 
  well , not you specifically but the german equivalent of the greeks who say germans are nazis ( stereotype waving people , basically ) . 
  or proper beer , for that matter . 
   i would rather have a perfect 10/10 beach and natural , non-polluted land to enjoy then an entire garage of ferraris . 
  but maybe that is just me , dunno . 
  you 'd probably like to have a job and a minimal quality of life ... but maybe that is just me , dunno . 
   it 's the will to improve and ambition that leads to progress , not the `` oh , fuck it , it 's not great but it will do '' type of attitude . 
  now where did i see this before ? 
  oh , right ... 
  the same old tired fallacy . 
  it 's always the fault of the previous fucker in charge of the government . 
  well you know what ? 
  it 's a recurring event that spans the last 35 or so years , not really specific to the times we are living right now . 
  portugal had , has and will continue to have the government and quality of life it deserves . 
  i 'm not really versed in biology or medicine but if it 's a different arsehole then it 's not the same shit , i believe . 
  if you have no culture you 're little more than an amorphous blob . 
  culture . 
  you clearly have none . 
  i would n't call barroso a `` serious '' politician ... at least not an honest one . 
  well , it sounds `` unupholdable '' because it relies on people not being greedy and stepping over eachother . 
  it 's an utopia , sadly . 
  except those that live in english speaking countries .
