  one month he got payed his whole salary with one 500 $ note . 
  can you imagine your salary being paid in full by just one note ? 
  that 's sad . 
  10 $ or 5 $ in my country is a bit too much to be coins . 
  do n't know if you 're being sarcastic but that festival is in spain . 
  that said , please pay more respect to foreign cultures . 
  i respect and understand the american way , even though i despise it . 
  appoligies accepted , 
  you 're right , it 's an american thing . 
  this is / r/europe though ... 
  this has been a free lesson in `` get your head out of your ass '' . 
  treasure it , as it will sure as fuck never happen again . 
   well ? 
  what do you call people that live with their parents ? 
  you call them people , american . 
  you call them people . 
  it actually has everything to do with income , not culture . 
  the younger generations do want to move out but ca n't because they ca n't really afford it . 
  to be honest this is mostly due to the prices of housing in our country , not necessarily because people are lazy . 
  they just say that so they do n't feel bad about not being able to afford living alone . 
  ironic you should say that , like if the same thing does n't happen to us ... 
  galicia and portugal do make some sense together , albeit there may be a language barrier . 
  actually they look much different from pakistani and indian women . 
  as pakistani and indian women look very different from each other . 
  spain has a strong catholic background but the people are anything but overly religious ( it 's a procrastinators view of religion - only go to churches on baptisms , marriages and funerals ) . 
  regarding female features , it 's extremely subjective . 
  personal tastes and opinions , basically . 
  as a matter of fact , i find welsh , scottish or british women below the average european women , in terms of beauty . 
  that being said , i find it ironic that you insult iberian women when your insignificant speckle of a country is best known for liking sheeps . 
  a lot . 
  i feel your pain . 
  what do you think that has been happening here for the past 2 years ? 
  since you mentioned it , i 've always felt that part of the british culture was close to our own . 
  do n't ask me why , i just feel it . 
  why are finnish people on this subreddit always rude and mean ? 
  is it the cold ? 
  because it 's skilled and educated workers that are moving into germany . 
  i 'm saddened that this post is n't getting more attention . 
  this is the truth that the rest of redditors in / r/europe do n't want to admit ( maybe they are or were upper middle class themselves ) . 
   oh , and homelessness is n't a sickness one can catch , anyone can work and buy a house - chances are that if you 're homeless then it 's your own damn fault , only junkies and gamblers lose everything including their own house and ca n't work enough to buy one back , it 's not sustainable to have those who work paying for the expenses of those who do n't or who do but ca n't manage their money . 
  seriously uat2d ? 
  this coming from a portuguese , do you really believe this ? 
  or have you not met anyone who became homeless or near homelessness due to the times we 're living in and the cuts we 've been receiving ? 
  come on , do n't be so neo-liberal . 
  let 's think with a straight head . 
  homelessness is n't always a direct cause of recklessness and even if it were , i think we should n't be so unforgiving to people who lose themselves to drugs and affiliated problems ( and if you want to go into this field of thought , there 's a lot to be discussed such as social environment , education , etc. . . which influence one 's behavior ) . 
  i believe it 's better to at least try to help than to punish ( punishment in this case would be to state that homelessness would be directly dependent on one 's behavior and choices in life , which as you know deep inside , it is not ) . 
  no system is perfect ( certainly not capitalism ) but i do n't think the point of capitalism is having unemployed people . 
   `` meat is meat ''  * -- hannibal lecter *, 
  it 's a silly little thing . 
  it will eventually be one unified galaxy and we 'll have inter-galaxy wars . 
  i would n't choose a country but rather a region : galicia . 
  you did n't even mention the fact that your country sports a badass dragon in its flag !, 
  mostly because of greed . 
  we 're one stupid species and we wo n't last for many more millenea . 
  those are appetizer or `` digestion '' wines ( not sure if that term exists in english ) . 
  those wines are usually consumed after a fulfilling meal ( ever tried a glass of port after being stuffed with food ? 
  in northern portugal we eat [ fried intestines stuffed with flour ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-dqnow_-7qiw/t0d30jma3zi/aaaaaaaadcs/q9kkhdwi1ci/s1600/tripas%2benfarinhadas.jpg ), 
  was n't one of the main advantages of bitcoins not having to deal with banks ? 
  that said , bitcoins are a good idea but they have failed miserably . 
  it 's more a question of desertification and the result of stupid policies made in the past which drove people out of those regions . 
  which is bad , because the north is more rich than the south , in terms of resources . 
  i can see my street , not my house  there 's too few of us to ever populate / r/porto though ... 
  a fellow portuense !, 
   if i had to guess it 's way easier to get used to hot temperatures depends on how much ` hot ' we are talking about here ... 
  there are places where even the shade ca n't save you . 
  [ streisanding intensifies ], 
  brazil does have portuguese influence but their culture is very distinct from our own , imo . 
  i ca n't really feel culturally connected to them . 
  spain is big and contains different cultures . 
  as i said , i do feel somewhat close to galicia in that matter . 
  noone - proudly alone . 
  the best i can do is galicia . 
  if you go west enough you reach east . 
  if i recall correctly , portugal was extremely affected by the agricultural quotas when it joined the eu . 
  many farmers were payed subsidies to stop growing their crops and the country was forced to import from other eu nations . 
  oh man , even in finland the gas prices are lower than ours ... 
  reminds of me [ this town in portugal ] ( http://www.casasdocruzeiro.com/portals/0/aldeias_historicas/almeidag.jpg ), 
  ca n't recall any terrorist attack in lisbon ... 
   primitive `` all politicians the same '' are you seriously calling people primitive because of that statement ? 
  i do n't know if you are portuguese or are into portuguese politics but in my country that sentence rings really true . 
  [ this is lisbon in the winter ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ddaqbya.png ), 
  i guess many countries have food that other countries would consider disgusting . 
  many countries have similar seals for wines and food products : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/denomina%c3%a7%c3%a3o_de_origem_controlada https://pt.wikipedia.org/wiki/denomina%c3%a7%c3%a3o_de_origem_protegida, 
  thankfully not here . 
  carlos burrinho is now banned from / r/portugalcaralho, 
   and there are huge discrepancies in europe , getting a degree is generally much easier in the southern countries . 
  especially portugal is considered a joke . 
  what ? 
  where did you get that stupid notion ? 
  what the fuck do you know about southern countries or their academia ? 
  anecdotal evidence probably , at best . 
  what do people see in this ? 
  this is even more cheesy than regular porn . 
  you have to take what he said with a grain of salt . 
  the weather is n't the same throughout all of portugal . 
  although we will never get -50 c , in the northern , more mountainous regions , we get negative temperatures frequently , as well as snow . 
  there are only 2 or 3 months per year where the temperature reaches ( or surpasses ) 30c . 
  winter in lisbon is between 7/8c minimum to 16c maximum . 
  in oporto it 's 3/4c minimum and 10c maximum .
