  in higher altitudes it 's -5 c to 1c . 
  i do n't know the word in english , we just call it `` carrasc\u00e3o '' . 
  it 's like more rough , with more alcohol and usually less notes of fruits and stuff like that . 
  also it changes from harvest to harvest , depending on the weather during that year . 
  in my experience it tastes less `` pompous '' and more `` real '' . 
  i also buy homemade spirits made from the wine . 
  oh , i see what you mean . 
  here when we drink beer with meals we usually drink about 33cl . 
  this is about i guess two or three cups of wine . 
  usually it has more alcohol also ( between 12 % to 16 % ) . 
  same here . 
  like in most countries ? 
  try to avoid tourist traps next time and also try to avoid lisbon . 
  as if spain is a country and not a bunch of bickering neighouring kingdoms . 
  it 's interesting , people in southern portugal are not very religious but are more conservative in a way or at least are n't that `` sinful '' . 
  in northern portugal , religion has a huge place but people generally are n't that catholic in their actions . 
  many families in alentejo used to live alone in hills and their closest neighbour was in about 5kms . 
  what austerity ? 
  that is more related to lisbon actually . 
  siesta is also somewhat practiced in the alentejo region ( which corresponds to part of extremadura and andalusia in spain ) , because of the heat . 
  i expected it to be better . 
  i expected it to be yellow only in big urban areas . 
  the middle and south of portugal are not that populated . 
  i find it hard to believe that most of the iberian peninsula is yellow or even most of france ... 
  this one is close to portugal 's borders and directly affects tagus and indirectly lisbon . 
  it has been proven that it 's not up to the usual quality standards of nuclear plants . 
  if it blew up , it would affect mostly portugal , spain not so much . 
  it is a very good reason to be worried about . 
  we do n't even have a nuclear plant in portugal and we have to contend with a possible nuclear explosion right in our borders because of spain !, 
  while that is a nice trip , you 're missing out the interior of the peninsula !, 
  lisbon - it has hills , surf , sun , similar landscapes and even the same bridge !, 
  it 's not really against net neutrality because those apps have `` free '' traffic . 
  you can access anything at the same speed as those apps but it will cost traffic . 
  i do n't even remember voting for that . 
  i would never agree to such a thing with the us . 
  i know , my response was in jest as well . 
  it 's a flat bread with meat taken from a spinning thing . 
  it 's not that special really . 
  i think anything in italy is probably better tasting than that . 
  except when they wipe out capitals . 
  pitching in for northern portugal as well . 
  since justice does n't work , at least make them pay for their crimes with blood . 
  like shit . 
  they are n't really dangerous . 
  also , the bridge . 
  i though portugal was the california of europe . 
  i do n't know if he meant related as in ethnicity or related in cultural terms . 
  if he means cultural terms , the only remaining cultural heritage are some traditions which were christianized but remained pagan at heart . 
  if he meant ethnicity , well the germanic people that occupied iberia ( the suebii and visigoths ) did not mix much with the common people and remained mostly as leaders ( basically the nobles ) . 
  the moors did n't mix much with northern portugal and northern spain and did n't have as much influence as in the rest of the peninsula . 
  so you could say there are some traces of the celtic tribes in modern galicians but it 's not that significant . 
  well , there was a strong celtic presence in galicia and northern portugal with celtic tribes like the [ calleici ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gallaeci ), 
  almost like a natural extension to northern portugal . 
  but we do have more experience in revolutions overall . 
  in portuguese it 's also \u00c1ustria, 
  yeah , those temperatures are close to what we get here in southern portugal . 
  til, 
  new york city ? 
  what temperatures do you get during the summer then ? 
  i know the winters are rough, 
  nor do the northern redditors take into account the additional costs of ac for at least 3 or 4 months ( or do you think you can sleep when it 's almost 30 degrees outside at 1am ? ), 
  a big fat raw justice with no lube or spit . 
  never thought i 'd say this , but maybe an iberian union ? 
  til 90 + % of my country is extremely poor . 
  except for poor countries . 
   now that the eurozone crisis is resolved it is ? 
  i would never guessed it , at least here in portugal . 
  1990 was 26 years ago . 
  op 's father could be 14 when he conceived , so op would be now 12 years old . 
  you 're lucky to have that starting salary in portugal for a junior software engineer ... and the cost of living is n't that cheaper in portugal . 
  do you think that people in gibraltar have a british culture ( apart from the british people that spend their retirement there ) ? 
  spain should just close their borders to gibraltar until they fix their smuggling problems . 
  no , it has n't . 
  even if spain was n't a united kingdom before , gibraltar was conquered from the muslims by the kingdom of castille . 
  well i am aware of the portuguese influence but we have n't held that territory for centuries . 
  we have ceuta ? 
  gibraltar should be part of andalusia . 
  it makes no sense being part of the uk . 
  [ this brand ] ( http://www.codfish.no/userfiles/site_1/image/logo_03.gif ) from norway also thanks the portuguese market in portuguese . 
  thankfully . 
  and androids dream of them . 
  ouch . 
  we are worse than americans . 
  are you really that fucking dense ? 
   they have the worst economic crisis in decades , yet i do n't see any ultra-fundamentalist christian takeover happening , do you ? 
  comparing apples to oranges . 
  brazil has a very different culture than that of the middle-eastern countries . 
  rents are higher than in other places , but in general the prices stay the same . 
  i grew up in porto and currently live in lisbon . 
  the difference in wages is about 200 euros , going from porto to lisbon , at best . 
  which is sort of ammortized by the rent difference between porto and lisbon . 
  even in lisbon is hard to earn that much . 
  not the case for portugal - the whole country is equally poor . 
  sure , some regions are poorer than others , but in general we 're poor . 
  as always , these numbers for portugal are way out of touch . 
  i would wager that the real average salary is somewhere between 600 and 700 euros , at best . 
  plus the galicians also have mountains . 
  hmm , there are lots of places in the iberian peninsula where you 'd have walk a bit more than that to find someone . 
  i thought it was more like 1/3 of europe 's population , not really half . 
  irrelevant when considering real countries like spain and portugal .
