   they should care because it 's their job . 
  they ride the gravy train therefore they possess a pretty good safety net . 
  i really ca n't believe this is being upvoted . 
  guys , true communism was never tried , you know that , right ? 
  the actual implementation by lenine never went past the phase of revolution . 
  when staline picked it up he thwarted it into another dictatorship . 
  communism ! = fascism and communism ! = dictatorship . 
  communism does n't promote terror , indocrination , discrimination , theft , oppression or any of those pejoratives you mentioned . 
  if you think it does , please tell me where in marx 's essays you find evidence of such actions . 
  i 'd be happy to know . 
  and i understand you lived in a `` communist '' dictatorship and i bet it was awful . 
  but it was n't communism and / r/europe should think twice before hiveminding and downvoting people with different points of view . 
  seriously , what the fuck is it with all the downvotes in this thread ? 
  we 're not trolls . 
  no , it 's just that if you follow your ideology so blindly that you even use it as a username then you most likely have a skewed point of view that does n't tolerate other opinions . 
  judging from all the downvotes i garnered , it appears people do n't understand or know about reddiquette . 
  i wo n't even debate with someone who uses ideology as his/her username . 
  i suggest you read up on what you just said . 
  no society has ever lived under real communism . 
   the highways that were built were mostly unnecessary and meant only to stuff the pockets of the political elite . 
  no , it ca n't . 
  are you calling me dumb ? 
  and that fucking straw-man argument again ? 
  you do realize ( of course you do n't you bloody dimwit ) , that up until 2008 , only basic school was obligatory ? 
  and that our country suffered one of the most long-lasting dictatorships that trumped education ? 
  of course you do n't . 
  you talk out of your ass and you do n't know shit . 
  and no , people are n't spending more . 
  cooked up figures do n't mean shit . 
  ask anyone who lives here . 
  dumbass . 
  wait a second guys , we have an ` austerity expert ' in our hands !, 
  enlighten us , please !, 
  i bet you 've gone through harsh austerity measures and your country came out successful , well-structured and rid of corruption !, 
  please stop being so blind . 
  nothing is black and white , much less a whole country . 
  excuse me but i did n't dig any hole and using spending increases on the years right before the crisis hit does n't mean shit . 
  what the fuck are you getting at ? 
  because what you just said did n't make any sense . 
  you speak as if you know what fuck is going on in our country ... hint : you do n't . 
  `` socialists '' . 
  we have the opposite - we scorn manual labour as it is seen as the poor/dumb man 's job . 
  well , it used to anyway ; back when jobs where actually available ... 
   so your definition of middle class is what i defined as poor welcome to portugal . 
  everything south of the wall is south . 
  fuck , even hong kong !, 
  and which country is that ? 
  and by what reason ( s ) are you calling southern europe a shithole ? 
  you do realize that education systems vary from country to country , do n't you ? 
  of course you do n't . 
  do some research before talking shit about other countries . 
  high school has only been mandatory since 2008 or so ... dipshit . 
  what do you mean , asshole ? 
   how they lived in misery and the future was so grim and there was n't food available for all always remember that when the regime fell , those same people probably did their share part in fucking up the country again . 
  i 'll explain : * mortgages they could n't pay * always electing the same corrupt fucktards * cunhas * and a lot more i ca n't really bother to enumerate , but you get the point they did go through bad times but they were our countrie 's `` baby-boomers '' . 
  except our wealth phase was short and was only `` wealthy '' in paper . 
  just because hitler adopted an hindu symbol to be the mark of his ideology does n't mean that the original symbol ( of peace ) has lost its meaning . 
  the communists are an opposition party , just like bloco de esquerda . 
  they could n't run a country even if they were playing simcity ( and i do n't mean that because of leftist ideologies , i mean that because they really could n't ) . 
  we were really close to being another ussr . 
  instead we became gradually a corrupted pseudo-socialist country which nobody complained about until the money started running out . 
  that zeca afonso song ( along with many other of him ) urges for an equal and just society , free from the shackles of the tyranny which governed us during its inception , through the ( not so ) subliminal messages and allegories . 
  the feeling represented there is a mixture of lamentation and hope ; a true portuguese state of being . 
  let 's respect that song for what it meant ( and still does ) . 
  i 'd say it 's a great hymn for society in general ( and it 's not a bloody commie song ) . 
   the general expectation is that the government is responsible for fixing everything well , they did fuck up a lot . 
  back here there 's still a significant price difference between those brands and bmw/mercedes/audi . 
  the taxes are also higher i think on the latter brands . 
  actually , car import taxes are absurdly high over here . 
  in the north we make fun of the south . 
  in the south they make fun of us . 
  actually over here when you pay by card the waiter enters the ammount for you and then you check it . 
  i know for a fact mine has . 
  not often do i say this but `` beauty is in the eye of the beholder '' . 
  also , if swedes are choosing to reproduce with what you consider `` inferior races '' then maybe those ethnicities are n't that ugly . 
  you 're always downvoted regardless of your opinion . 
  this time i agree with you . 
  this is a moronic online paper . 
   besides it is very nebulous to who the money actually goes not really . 
  you and i both know where the money goes ... ( hint : it 's not the shitty pimba artists ), 
  the kind of people that post in / r/childfree ? 
  ironpenis would be a manly surname . 
   do not feel the trolls . 
  tfw you feel trolls, 
   fourteen-year-old daughter was cuddling with and kissing the father . 
  i 've never even seen a five-year-old this cuddly . 
  he was n't her father ... 
  they do n't move out because they ca n't afford it . 
  you can still be an independent adult and have strong family ties . 
   fifteen years ago a danish mother on vacation in new york was arrested for child neglect for letting her kid sleep alone in the baby carriage while she was inside a caf\u00e9 or a shop anecdotal evidence but some years ago a baby died because she was left inside of the car in a hot day ( and not for very long either . 
  i 'd imagine the same would happen in -10 \u00ba weather ) . 
  i guess people in the north are cold indeed . 
  must be the weather , 
  there must be a balance - you should n't restrain from giving them love and making them feel safe nor should you over-do any of these aspects . 
  i 've always had the impression that the northern cultures have smaller family ties precisely because of the treatment they give to their childs . 
  it is unlikely though - the political elite was very reduced . 
  there were n't officially rations - there just was n't enough money to buy more than a sardine and half a dozen of potatoes for the entire family . 
  or your just too young . 
  i literally ca n't remember the last time i held on to a 50 $ note . 
  to put this into perspective , i knew a guy who was working illegally for another guy and was earning 500 $ per month .
