  well shit , i hate hamburgers . 
  time to turn in my citizenship . 
  does the pope shit in the woods ? 
  haha , used to be the name i played ut online with , and when i was 11 or so i needed a name to play by , and happened to have a soda can , so ... for here , i just kind of stuck with a handle i commonly used . 
  shit man , i though you were joking about the 2l/day . 
  switch to caffeine free and something and wean yourself off it . 
  i do n't drink coffee and drink a soda can like twice a week . 
  perhaps try sparkling water ? 
  it 's flavored but carbonated , and does n't taste like crap like seltzer . 
  you 've never seen a 3l soda before ? 
  granted , the major companies like pepsi and coca-cola do n't sell them , but plenty of generic and store brands do sell 3l sodas . 
  not just fascist , homofascist . 
  democrats would likely be higher , though somehow i think that despite all the iraq stuff republican support would be higher than i would normally expect . 
  like how when someone with a flag flair speaks , whatever their country did some other time is used against them in an argument . 
  yeah well , maybe i also do n't agree with what my government did !, 
  i am not some official government spokesman , dammit . 
  how much are they paying you guys ? 
  30 rubles per comment ? 
  because they should pay you less since you kind of suck at this . 
  we use the notebook for what we write in at school . 
  `` school books '' would refer to textbooks and notebooks for us in the us , at least . 
  unless that 's a regional us thing too . 
  but yeah , we understood schoolbook in the title to mean textbook . 
  what 's the context ? 
  i really would n't recommend it ; i tried it once out of desperation along the ring of kerry and almost needed a change of clothes . 
  china has been pretty forceful ( well , more forceful than just lodging counterclaims ) in its claims in the south china sea , with pretty much everyone who borders it , has it not ? 
  well and japan . 
  but those disputes utterly pale in comparison to russia 's antics . 
  nor does it really seem like you condemn them either , from your comments . 
  would n't this also benefit the other european countries not named greece ? 
  it seem it would also largely be in europe 's interest , but they 're not the ones making the decision . 
  yeah , honestly do n't see the point in slapping `` russia '' on it as if it 's the official government position , besides trying to paint russia as petty and contrarian to all things western . 
  i do n't think they need help with that . 
  it 's your run of the mill celebrity gossip crap , but from russia . 
  ca n't tell what shade means what on the pie graphs due to the lack of labels . 
  we 'll give him boomsticks . 
  has there been any friction regarding that due to all the tension with russia as of late ? 
  like two virgins swapping sex tips . 
  i think it 's weird since someone likely took another picture and attempted to bucket paint everything in ms paint . 
  which is probably why some islands were missed and some land is smaller ( look at the guianas in ne south america ) . 
  the color of newfoundland and the teal islands likely means it was n't a blank map they used for this either . 
  as soon as you take back schleswig-holstein . 
  i do n't , and i was born and raised in nyc . 
  most new yorkers do n't give a shit , and would be more insulted if a boston red sox fan club was built there . 
  but we include russia , belarus , kazakhstan , etc. 
  and are all okay with that ? 
  let 's not take the joke too seriously , now . 
  capitalist dog , we are all adherents of juche now . 
  edit : newfoundland also seceded apparently . 
  i think he 's a naturalized citizen of texas now . 
  because it would result in a long , protracted war with the soviet union , as any initial success would be due to surprise alone . 
  even if we could have won , it would be a long , long war with the sheer superiority in numbers they possessed . 
  not to mention that the soviets also had the secrets to the manhattan project , and would have accelerated development if they were at war still . 
  it could work as a ternary language , much like binary in computers . 
  this is of course ignoring the complex rules of languages which could modify a base ternary format , but either way i think communication would take a long , long time . 
  not to mention the money needed to develop this new language , and implement it in all these diverse areas of the economy in the eu . 
  it would make europe more linguistically isolated from the rest of the world if implemented , and basically force europeans to learn 2 languages , as you said with the xkcd comment . 
  it seems like a huge waste of time and money , when the only benefit it might have is to placate some language nationalists , and even that 's doubtful . 
  yes , and this was supposed to be kim jong un 's first international trip . 
  likely he still has n't fully consolidated his power , as evidenced by the purges . 
  damn right it will . 
  next we 'll move you from blue to yellow on our `` unhappiness with russia '' scale . 
  see how you like them ` taters . 
  i had to google this , because somehow electronic death metal did n't seem right . 
  well washington did serve as the president when new york was the capital ( and when philadelphia was the temporary capital ) . 
  course she 's still wrong since he asked for the current capital , trying to pry washington from her . 
   the british voting system ( first past the post , aka ` winner takes all ' ) is starting to be seriously challenged , in view of the fact that we now have a multi-party democracy , instead of a simple two party democracy . 
  all of the small parties support changing the system and only the large two advocate retaining it . 
  if i had the opportunity , that alone would make me vote against the major two parties , since first-past-the-post ultimately results in a two-party system , per duverger 's law . 
  sadly stuck with it here in the u.s. 
  so horrifying and complete that almost no basques live in iceland now . 
  monsters . 
  yeah , about 2-3 years ago our winter felt like extended autumn , no snow whatsoever and rarely ever went below freezing . 
  this past winter though we had quite a few times when it was -25 f ( -30 c ) . 
  should also mention that before the snow we had a few 70 + fahrenheit ( 20 + celsius ) days . 
  it 's been dropping into the high 20s ( fahrenheit , so about -2 to -5 in celsius ) the past few nights here in pennsylvania ( northeast us ) , and it even snowed in the middle of the day . 
  winter 's certainly been terrible this year for us . 
  somehow i do n't think the allied intervention in the russian civil war 95 years ago counts . 
  some people struggle with the states though . 
  i remember one idiot telling me how boston was in chicago , and another asked me if i was serious when i said virginia is not a city . 
  well it 's comforting to know my country is only really retarded when it comes to evolution , instead of everything else , i guess ... 
  and was living in the u.s. during that time , and naturalized a few years later . 
  though i am seeing conflicting comments from bell on whether he still considered himself british in later years . 
  i would consider him more north american than british , in the same way i consider t.s. 
  eliot to be british , rather than american . 
  either way , we have phones . 
  yay . 
   telephone because of alexander graham bell ? 
  seems a bit of a stretch , despite originally being british , since he lived most of his life in the u.s. / canada . 
  where do you think they filmed spaghetti westerns in europe ? 
  mostly spain , sometimes italy . 
  damn southerners and their lack of snow . 
  but yeah , even with other northern states , our roads are crap . 
  i expect some ( only some ) construction crews to start popping up now that spring is rearing its head . 
  well apparently the rest of canada merged with the us , while alaska broke away from the us , and then the alaskan panhandle broke away from alaska . 
  or the guy who colored it was too lazy to do islands . 
  and hates turkey . 
  maybe they saved them from when they last hoped we would arrive ... 
  they would 've had it had those silly portuguese not destroyed the iberian union . 
  except for that thing in goa .
