  well the lease on the new territories part of the city was to expire in 1997 , as it was only under a 99-year lease . 
  kowloon and hong kong island were leased in perpetuity , but keeping only a small remainder of the city was n't really feasible . 
  edit : someone already stated this below apparently . 
  well , russia 's actions in crimea has reignited this debate in finland and sweden about whether to join nato . 
  latest poll i saw in september was about 41 % - 39 % favor/oppose in sweden and 29 % - 55 % in finland . 
  russia is making a big deal out of it because if finland and sweden do both join , there is the possibility of a large nato force being stationed just across the large finnish-russian border , and the baltic sea would be dominated by nato save for their port in st. petersburg and kaliningrad . 
  not to mention various other effects that would coincide with nato accession for sweden and finland . 
  fallacy of relative privation . 
  the hell is this crap ? 
  post your vacuous blogspam elsewhere . 
  we 're taking greenland . 
  we 'll take the north american plate part of iceland while we 're at it . 
  the israeli government commemorated the 60th anniversary of the king david hotel bombing , and the plaque basically lays the blame for the bombing at the uk 's feet . 
  you can read the background info in [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_nickel_grass ) wiki link for some information . 
  you can also find sources by using `` yom kippur israel nukes '' as search terms . 
  note that the article says officials denied israel prepping nuclear weapons was the reason for the resupply . 
  bleh , if you want to look at it that way , russia has all of siberia and the russian far east while we have the great plains and everything to the west coast . 
  we make polish jokes for the same reasons hungarians make scottish jokes nowadays . 
  we do n't have any antipathy towards poland , they 're just relics from the past . 
  `` red on black , friendly jack ; red on yellow , deadly fellow . '', 
  well , i guess i ca n't trust you , belgium . 
  germany 's red is on black and yellow , so i have no idea what to think . 
  not even the same type of flowing flag ; japan evens gets a pole . 
  they had a few forts on hawaii as well . 
  the us has more imperial remnants than russia ( samoa , guam , puerto rico , etc. ), 
  in terms of number of territories and population . 
  though kaliningrad was n't really taken during the classic colonial or imperial periods of history . 
  well , it 's pretty much how i hear brits pronounce it anyway . 
  maybe he 's confusing them with sith lords . 
  stalker chancellor did n't have quite the same * je ne sais quoi * to it . 
  well either no one from italy cared to compete or they were n't good enough perhaps ? 
  i have n't looked so i do n't know . 
  but just because you invented it does n't mean you 'll be the best . 
  look at england and football . 
  `` if only i had vitiligo like michael jackson ... '' - barack obama, 
  indeed , though i doubt i would be able to understand a lick of it . 
  the degree of intelligibility is n't necessarily equal for two particular languages either . 
  i remember hearing frisian is the closest living language to english ( putting aside scots ) and have always been curious about it , though trying to read it is unintelligible except for a word here and there . 
  edit : thanks to all the people giving me links and other information , i 'll be able to watch them all later . 
  thanks again !, 
  well you can thank the poles a little bit for that last one , they called them in after the polish expeditions failed . 
  so we 're cowards for not fighting nazi germany and imperial japan until we were attacked , but bloody murderers when we do fight a group like isis ? 
  i admit the us has fought some wars for some pretty shitty reasons , but make up your damn mind besides just foaming at the mouth . 
  it was a terrible accident , and neither the us or serbia knew that the hostages were in that building with the intended target . 
  that 's kind of wrong though , is n't it ? 
  it was only officially changed to istanbul in 1930 , and even before the ottoman conquest the city was colloquially referred to as istanbul or some variation . 
  then again , i 'm arguing about a joke banner . 
  the eu is a little more cohesive than nafta though . 
  we do like canada though , despite them having a love/hate relationship with us . 
  the bigger question ( to me anyway ) is if the coins are n't counterfeit , why did the tourist obtain about 220,000 kroner for only about 15,000 kroner ? 
  so they want what ? 
  for germany to enact the same shit media reforms poland recently passed ? 
  their demand that germany do something about this reminds me all too much of authoritarian regimes who also demand such things when a newspaper slights them . 
  why not just call yourself that now ? 
  i mean , you 're even more decentralized than the hre ever was , and you 're also neither holy , nor roman . 
  just ignore him . 
  an old transatlantic/mid-atlantic accent or a new england accent is one accent that is used as a stereotypical `` old money '' accent of the the upper class . 
  however , in the southeast and western us , there are a couple other accents people associate with the upper class . 
  so ... kebab sound good to you ? 
  we bought it fair and square 149 years ago !, 
  mao and stalin had the decency to keep their genocidal tendencies largely within their borders , unlike that little upstart hitler . 
  i 'm being sarcastic , by the way . 
  even mehmed ii declared himself the caesar of rome after the fall of constantinople . 
  for any live-action material , i hate dubs . 
  i recently watched rumble in the bronx and it was bad . 
  and the overdubs they did for characters who actually spoke english ( mouth flaps matched the words ) were also bad . 
  for anything animated , i do n't care as long as they 're good and i keep continuity between subsequent related series . 
  but seriously , istanbul ( or some variation ) was used before the city fell to the ottomans in 1453 , even among the locals . 
  the turks only officially changed it after the dissolution of the ottoman empire anyway . 
  i 'm american and i have no idea what `` tom and jerry '' is . 
  google is n't helping . 
  also , i do n't personally eat turkey and roasted ham for christmas . 
  it 's one or the other ... i guess they just lumped in all the dishes that may be typically served for xmas , and then averaged the calories of the various dinner permutations . 
  he 's clearly never been here in the poconos . 
  this thread hurts my soul . 
  hey , this sounds really , really familiar for some reason . 
  ca n't put my finger on it though ... 
  well , you did have troops * around * it twice . 
  for those unaware , that 's stalin . 
  that would offend erdogan ; not because you compared him to stalin , but that you called him georgian . 
  he might sue you now !, 
  from what i understand , the law against insulting the president was in place because it is supposed to be a ceremonial position ; one that has very few powers and above the regular politics of the state . 
  however , since erdogan became president , he 's regularly violated presidential neutrality ( and stated he would n't be neutral when coming into office ) . 
  he regularly uses rarely used powers , essentially appointed the pm ( and dismissed him ) , calling people to vote for his party , etc. 
  erdogan has been pushing heavily for an executive presidency , and i wo n't be surprised if he gets it in the aftermath of the putsch . 
  as others have said of erdogan 's current position , his position as president is analogous to medvedev and putin a few years ago . 
  from what i 've gathered , only the constitutional court has the power to ban parties . 
  erdogan has frequently questioned the legitimacy of rulings the court has made . 
  as an aside , erdogan 's two previous parties were banned for violating the secularist articles of the constitution , and the akp almost suffered a similar fate in 2008 ( the ruling was 6-5 for a ban , one short of the required amount . 
  they did lose half of their government funding , though ) . 
  four days after the putsch ? 
  you 'd think they 'd call that immediately , and that all these arrests/detentions , suspensions , travel bans and broadcasting revocations would be part of such a state of emergency . 
  i 'm sure they 'll indefinitely prolong this much like the us and france have done , though the results will be far worse for turkey . 
  that said , is this even a power granted to the office of the presidency ? 
  turkey 's presidency is largely a ceremonial role with few powers . 
  well , until erdogan 's push for an executive presidency and total disregard for turkey 's constitution , of course . 
  how incredibly convenient . 
  i mean , you 're arresting all these other guys , why not arrest these two so you can smooth over relations with russia in the process ? 
  currently requires a password , probably due to the cyber attacks . 
  however , it 's still useless until someone sifts through them and translates them to something other than turkish .
