good , let it die . 
  i 'll show you , just hold my beer ... 
  as a pole : even if you do n't have 2/3rds , you can still get around it with a bit of creativity . 
  it wo n't . 
  the eurosceptics already voted for pis . 
  the others will approve . 
  so is selling weed , and yet everyone that wants it can still buy it . 
  yeah , those italians have to be stopped . 
   there 's no other conservative and actually socialist party around here , they would rather not vote at all than choose some `` liberals '' or leftists . 
  true enough for the hardliners . 
  not true at all for those who wanted an alternative to the perceived corruption and ineptitude of the previous government ; those will shift wherever once the pis government gains that perception . 
   hard to estimate the hardline electorate , but anyway they keep the leading position in every opinion poll , usually with support twice as big as the next party . 
  that 's just four months in , and already they 've lost a few percentage points . 
  are you certain their support will hold for another 3,5 years ? 
  4 out of 6 polling companies show a drop , with the `` average of recent polls '' being 4 % lower than the october election results . 
  that 's not `` steady '' , and it 's just 4 months in . 
  are you willing to bet it wo n't decline further , especially given their economic and fiscal policies ? 
  yep , 15-20 % are pis hardliners who wo n't stop voting for it . 
  you 're very naive if you think the rest are n't going to shift support in time - in fact , it 's already happening as most polls indicate . 
  pollster for se.pl ( 24.02.2016 ) : * pis 27 % * . n 22 % * kukiz 11 % * po 11 % look , i can cherry-pick polls too !, 
  if you 're a software developer in poland and are n't well paid , then you either live outside of the larger tech hubs , or you 're doing something terribly wrong . 
  salaries are going through the roof , and earning $ 3000 to $ 4000 gross per month with 5 + years of experience is entirely possible , with far lower costs of living than in western europe . 
  in the past 3 months , i 've ceased to expect such silly things as logic or rationality from our current government . 
  they 're really great at shouting `` polska stronk ! '', 
  and now `` homosex bad !, 
  '' , though . 
  the actor playing the older guy is openly gay . 
  every polling organization that performed surveys lately , ~ ~ with the sole exception of polska press grupy ~ ~ ( edit : scratch that , their latest poll was done in late october ) has shown a dramatic drop - if it was only ibris , i 'd be inclined to be skeptical , but that 's not the case . 
  you should also remember that during their previous 2-year term pis has caused a lot of people to hate them and vote them out of office . 
  let 's face it , po did n't win two consecutive terms because they were awesome , but because they were n't pis . 
  and pis is not only repeating the same policies they tried a decade ago - they 're taking them up to eleventh . 
  a lot may happen in 3 years , but judging by the current government 's course , i 'm pretty convinced that they 're chances at reelection are slim , and will only grow slimmer as time goes by . 
  their support has already fallen from a high of around 37-40 % to slightly over 30 % ( or even below 30 % , according to some polls ) . 
  that 's less than three months after the last elections . 
  and ruling parties almost universally lose , not gain support in the long run . 
   there are no meaningful left wing media in poland . 
  there is no meaningful left wing in poland after sld 's decade-long , self-inflicted slide into irrelevance . 
  razem might potentially change that , but they 've got a long road ahead of them . 
  it 's against their tos , but not illegal . 
  `` oh no , someone upvotes articles i do n't like ! '', 
  i give a shit . 
  a lot of people i know give a shit . 
  no matter how much random pis apologists on reddit try to tell people otherwise . 
  yeah , let 's ignore the problem , this way it 's going to feel silly and walk away . 
  they passed unconstitutional legislation because of political reasons . 
  they were probably fully aware of what they were doing , and no , it was n't okay . 
  the constitutional tribunal did its job though and caught it . 
  that 's why the tribunal is there . 
  now pis is making the tribunal powerless , so it can pass unconstitutional legislation without opposition from the tribunal . 
  that 's something po never did and is extremely dangerous . 
  it 's a serious blow to polish democracy , and what po did weeks before has little to do with what pis is doing now , except for pis leveraging po 's ill-conceived idea as a propaganda tool . 
  and your point would 've been perfectly valid if anybody was protesting the piece of legislation that pis had passed and that nominated five new judges to the constitutional tribunal . 
  except nobody 's doing that . 
  the problem was first ignoring the tribunal 's ruling and now passing new legislation that effectively makes the tribunal powerless . 
  yes ? 
  let me just quote myself ...  ah , diverting attention from the real issue . 
  the problem is not that pis passed legislation that was later found to be unconstitutional - the problem is that they ignored the constitutional court 's ruling . 
  and , to repeat the question , how exactly does this disprove my point ... ? 
  how exactly does referring to the `` tradition of national betrayal '' change the whole context and make this not a slur ? 
  [ here . 
  except he did . 
  to anyone wondering - this is basically an english translation of pro-government propaganda that is being fed to poles , complete with the `` i did not vote for pis , but ... ''  po ( the former leading part ) has elected this 5 judges a few days after they lost the hustings . 
  2 out of 5 were nominated illegally , i have not seen uk and german press making reports about it . 
  ah , diverting attention from the real issue . 
  the problem is not that pis passed legislation that was later found to be unconstitutional - the problem is that they ignored the constitutional court 's ruling . 
   moreover , citizens of poland have shown po red card , and decided to take them out of the game , thus they shall not designate people to such important function . 
  `` we won the elections , ergo we can do whatever we want '' . 
  that 's not how democracy works , buddy . 
   po for ages designated only its own people and rulled the whole court - i have not seen any reports about it in foreign press . 
  even with this 5 new judges , po still has a majority in the court ( all of them were from the old party ) . 
  and pis can nominate its own judges when the old ones ' terms are over , as long as they respect the law . 
  which they did n't . 
   our current constitution is disastrous according to whom ? 
   pis wants to change it and every rational citizen shall support this idea . 
  `` if you do n't support the current government , you 're stoopid '' . 
   just read the opinion of experts about it what experts ? 
  any names , actual opinions , credentials ? 
   so let me ask you a question , why po and nowoczesna do not want to change it ? 
  do we polish people do not deserve a constitution which is good and well prepared for the current times ? 
  wo n't even comment on that - pure demagoguery . 
   po party is full of cunts , numerous amount of swindles , most expensive highways , number of enterprises bankrupted , bureaucracy and the language of hate !, 
  more demagoguery . 
   they try hard to divide poles . 
  was n't it kaczy\u0144ski who called those that do n't support him `` the inferior kind of poles '' ? 
  nope , wait , it must 've been po , they 're the bad guys !, 
   pis tries to fix what was destroyed by po , all judges ( except 1 were connected with po , where is this demanding by you pluralism ? ), 
  a reiteration of what i 've already commented on before . 
   btw , some say that it is the end of democracy , haha good joke , first of all many countries have no ct , and 2nd , till 1999 government could reject the decision of ct. . dismantling democratic institutions is ok , because some countries do n't have them ? 
   i could talk about this topic for hours , people are just blinded , their hatred of pis and kaczynski blinds their . 
  ehh ... 
  why do you presume to speak for `` us '' ? 
  i 'm fully with the eu on this one . 
  did you even bother to read the paragraph i quoted ? 
  threatening journalists is ok in your book ? 
  from the article :  it appears that tough times are on the horizon for critically minded journalists . 
  those in the media who do n't toe the line are intimidated or suspended , as shown by the case of tv personality karolina lewicka . 
  while interviewing culture minister piotr gli\u0144ski , she asked him questions that he did n't like . 
  eventually , the politician said on camera that he would no longer answer her questions , because the station was `` broadcasting propaganda , and that would soon be over . '', 
   a talk show hosted by tomasz lis - one of poland 's most famous journalists - has been canceled . 
  the journalist is currently the target of a smear campaign .
