i was wondering when we join the royal family ... 
  i know that you are sad and angry . 
  we have had erdogan since 2002 and i 'm not that angry ... get used to it . 
  congratulatins friend !, 
  brexit hits hard even before the uk leaves the eu . 
  toblerones in turkey are even better . 
  c'mon , turkey is better at sth than the uk is !, 
  i would not vote for neither of them but still i would prefer trump over clinton . 
  actually my criticism is towards every country . 
  turkey is ruled by a fascist-liberal-pro-isis dictator . 
  billions of billions dollars are spent in order to kill other people and look at how much is spent for science . 
  do n't you have work to do ? 
  like building a wall between you and mexico ? 
  when i look at russia i imagine that ` there must loads of joking about ukraine ... ' . 
  i didnt understand what you meant . 
  can you put in simpler words ? 
  usa and free speech . 
  murica is so great again !, 
  yes it is that bad . 
  this is a bit fishy because homer was not born in ` turkey ' he was born in a state which is turkey now . 
  how many turkish do know homer ? 
  % 0.5 at best . 
  % 0.1 could be possible . 
  turkey 's rate is what i expected , it is % 0 , i know right ? 
  ` member no isis ? 
  in gezi protests back in 2013 in turkey , protesters stole a construction vehicle started chasing cops . 
  https://s.instela.com/m/poma--i508921.jpg the video : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ipnfxb7kmf8, 
  that woman on the front row made my day , lol . 
  that economy is growing does not necessarily mean that it does improve my life . 
  i totally find bs about everything related ` economical growth ' , yeah maybe it grows but for whom ? 
  if life is getting more and more expensive for me then that growth does not mean anything to me and does not benefit to me . 
  if i had a chance to live in a poor eastern-european country instead of turkey i would go there in a heartbeat . 
  i mean it . 
  this preference is also about daily-life quality . 
  it is fucked up , literally i do n't know how to describe it in any other way . 
  turkey 's data from 2009 !, 
  i think this rate has gone up to % 60 or sth . 
  we are gon na rule the world !, 
  actually 7-8 muslim foundations support this petition/campaign . 
  it is officially over 1m !, 
  another day in the middle east , you 're welcome . 
  google users made an obvious distinction between ` so poor ' and ` broke ' . 
  so smooth . 
  where are we !, 
  thank you mr sherlock holmes . 
  hate does n't solve anything . 
  it just creates more problem . 
  another day in the middle east . 
  i knew that if i had a look at comment section i would be triggered and yes i was right , turkish nationalists just typing their propaganda ... 
  i think yes , it still works . 
  uber got banned last month in turkey , the government also banned booking.com , and we have no paypal since june , yeah we 're pretty much third world country . 
  last tram had me !, 
  this was discontinued last month tho ... 
  it is like when you are saying ` change ' , take that ` ch ' and add ` omar ' . 
  somethink like ` chom : ar ', 
  just wanted to join ... whatev . 
  you should have a look at turkey in terms of refugees . 
  3m refugees are yet to arrive to turkey . 
  turkey is something between 12 % -17 % by the way . 
  awwww that 's cute . 
  now we can accomplish our deepest intention ... make byzantium great again !, 
  it should have been poland instead of france !, 
  r/place !, 
  populist-right parties will always gain support of uneducated , religious , conservative people . 
  this is very sad . 
  i think somebody was trying to make an estonia flag at the bottom of sweden 's flag then she/he gave up ... 
  somebody played with legos and figured out this i suppose ... 
  if you try hard , you can . 
  til we had a wine map . 
  he 's joking ... 
  i think aging in europe is most noticeable in italy , as the chart supports it by having a 1.3-1 .4 % . 
   now we ok love that pretentiousness . 
  make roman empire great again pls . 
  actually when i think about volume of coffee comsumption , my comsumption is something between 8-10 kg . 
  ( graphic does not include turkey . 
  ` member ww2 ? 
  it did fail . 
  wow , really wow . 
  that is a new low for him . 
  i am waiting for the day when tayyip will use the ` nazi ' word towards germany . 
  i am happy that labour lost seats . 
  they get what they have done . 
  turkey = ottoman empire , really bro ? 
  not cool.okay ? 
  not cool at all . 
  99 % flat in turkey , believe me . 
   one positive thing that came from soviet union i am offended as a communist . 
  on 16th of april . 
  i do n't think something like ` average turk ' exists tho ... 
  he is using europe 's actions to gain more support on referandum . 
  if he did n't any benefits , he would n't have , all of a sudden , started this kind of situation . 
  general estimation about referandum is % 52 no , % 48 yes . 
  i do n't think anybody has any concrete opinion on referandum , when we think the last couple of days , incidents in the netherlands , this situation helps turkish-nationalists vote for ` yes ' . 
  all these shenanigans help tayyip and akp , ` yes ' is gaining support each passing day because there are lots of people who are undecided on referandum , i mean literally lots of people , like % 15 of the voters . 
  on the referandum day , they will vote for ` yes ' blindly . 
  akp has stolen votes in the past , there were numerous instances on this . 
  he is pretty stubborn person i really have no idea what will be his reaction . 
  in general elections ,2015 , june , akp could n't get the majority of mps and there were zero announcements , appearances from tayyip , literally we did n't see and hear him for two days and we were like ` wtf happened to him , did he have a heart attack ? ' . 
  if referandum turns out to be vote ` no ' , gods know what happens ... ( link to the election aforementioned : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkish_general_election,_june_2015 ), 
  i can not wait to see the thread on 16th of april .
