cutting expenses instead of giving out increased welfare, 
  i have a thousand of reasons to dislike pis but how did you come to the conclusion that they are nationalist ? 
  please give me something else than not letting in huge amount of unidentified people from the middle east , i puke every time someone calls it ` racist ' ` nationalist ' or ` xenophobic ' and i do n't wan na dehydrate myself . 
  czechy in polish, 
   for the soldiers of the second polish corp fallen on the italian soil, 
  i might be biased but i think our anthem is super cool melody wise, 
  we even had a transsexual mp ( i believe second one in europe ) , anna grodzka . 
  we are not exactly religious fanatics and nationalists , like we are being portrayed here quite often . 
   voted for a very conservative party . 
  when people are against abortions , they are mostly also against homo - or transsexuals . 
  people voted for pis because they offered large scale welfare benefits , not because of their conservatism or anything else really . 
  a portuguese guy hit my car on a parking lot the other day . 
  ergo they are terrible drivers ^ / s, 
  people didnt vote pis because of their eurosceptism . 
  they did because pis offered large scale welfare benefits . 
  why are they disputing over bonapartski , famous polish spaceship engineer ? 
  great news, 
  i always thought serbia and greece are bros, 
  you are missing the point . 
  we are not gon na throw rocks and crucify whoever says so . 
  hell , even obama used the phrase ` polish death camps ' in 2012 and our relations with the usa did not get any worse , and obama is probably the most liked us president here of the last 25 years . 
  but are you suggesting that poland should n't bat an eye on that and just let everyone spew that bullshit ? 
  well this ca n't happen . 
  if anything , just because it 's simply insulting . 
  ignorance is a problem indeed , just like misleading statements like this . 
  we can not do very much about education in other countries , we can not order them to teach and learn specifically about this matter . 
  what should we do about the ignorance then ? 
  play commercials during champions league half-time breaks ? 
  ignorant on the topic person after hearing ` polish death camps ' would n't think they were only located in poland . 
  he would think poles actually organized them . 
  sorry bro i was being sarcastic : /, 
  this really is n't true . 
  and i have no problem with ukrainians . 
  solid point pal, 
   their recognition of kosovo has been controversial . 
  in serbia right ? 
  because i 'm not sure anyone in poland even knows the issues around kosovo . 
  there was never any real talk about that . 
  some people used to heavily imply jaros\u0142aw being gay . 
  i hate this country ^ got ^ a ^ ticket ^ for ^ speeding ^ there, 
  this kind of posts is the reason i wake up every morning . 
  i 'm worried . 
  what 's happening in slovakia ? 
  am i supposed to panic ? 
  or is it just this guy talking out of his ass ? 
   albanian money i 'm not sure if i have ever seen those two words together ^ ^ im ^ ^ just ^ ^ joking, 
  while i agree with you on some points and disagree on some other , let me only comment on one thing that stood out to me  eastern europe : eastern europe has only just gained their independence . 
  therefor it is my believe that the eastern members are simply not willing yet to let go of their just found independence . 
  not only did the ussr take their independence , to a large extant it took their culture away . 
  what you are seeing now in places like hungary and poland is what i believe to be an internal cultural conflict . 
  these countries are not sure what their culture is and are therefor clinging to what it always had been . 
  like catholicism in poland . 
  i doubt you 'll be able to convince them to subscribe to some form of pan european culture/nationality . 
  i 'm not sure if you actually fully understand the processes that made polish/hungarian/czech / lithuanian/romanian etc cultures what they are now . 
  you are right that being under the ussr influence and control played a huge part - but in the opposite direction than you imagine . 
  communism and russian influence forced poles ( and i mean every individual ) into an inside decision - am i a homo sovieticus or am i actually european . 
  people tend to stick together during hard times . 
  there was a straightforward division - ` them ' ( soviets and those who were willing to cooperate with them ) and ` us ' ( the europeans , but first of all poles , who refused to let communism brainwash them ) . 
  it 's the resistance from those ` us ' that created to roots of what polish culture it is today . 
  it is no surprise that , for example , the absolute best polish movies are anti-system movies from 70s and 80s . 
  people knew that polish puppet government is full of shit , that they lie about history and geopolitics . 
  why do you think the society made all those riots and strikes in the 80s . 
  i 'm talking about poland , but that refers to countries like czechoslovakia , hungary , romania etc. 
  our culture has never been stolen . 
  they tried , but they could n't , because we always knew who we are . 
  i know that 's just a tiny bit of your post i 'm picking on , but i felt like this needed to be said . 
  yeah , i 'm on the internet long enough to know that i should open this in a private tab . 
  well , the biggest thing for me is that people who emigrate from cis countries actually work their assess off ( admittedly also illegally ) , instead of waiting for welfare . 
  realistically , if she 's not particularly qualified for high-end jobs , irina would work 60 hours a week in a low paying job and you know what ? 
  i have absolutely no problem with letting her in . 
  sorry dude but you should check your facts before posting , it 's all on wikipedia . 
  well in written language they are kinda similar i guess ( apart from the alphabet difference ) . 
  russian language written in latin alphabet often makes sense for us - a lot of russian words feel like old/countryside polish language . 
  generally i 'd get an idea of the meaning even if i ca n't get some words . 
  also , polish people in general know some basic words like pazalsta , spasiba etc. 
  in terms of speaking , polish and russian have very different accents ( idk if i 'm using the correct word here ) . 
  i mean , often i wo n't be able to realize when has one word ended and another begun when i hear russian . 
  i find russian accentuation very pleasant , sometimes it even feels like slow singing . 
  it 's kinda easy to switch , i can easily say a sentence in polish with russian accentuation . 
  that being said , poles have absolutely no problem with pronunciation of russian words/names , which are tongue-twisters for english speaking ones ( and probably others as well ) . 
  i 'm late but yeah , your last sentence kinda triggered me . 
  small town in eastern poland had a growing ghetto of roma . 
  thefts , assaults , refusing to send children to school . 
  town spent over 2 000 000 zl ( 500 000 euros ) to help roma get jobs etc by various methods . 
  employers were willing to give them jobs . 
  guess how many of them took a a job over 7 years . 
  uh , i would feel okay if my future son ( if he 's heterosexual ) dates a muslim girl . 
  i would be worried if my future daughter dated a muslim dude , because of how they often treat women . 
  sometimes i wish i was n't so curious ... kofola , kinnie and irn bru are absolutely fucking disgusting and i 'll fight whoever says otherwise, 
  it 's a far better city to visit as a tourist than warsaw . 
  also , i was pretty sure it would be either auschwitz museum or wieliczka salt mine for poland . 
  we all know they will . 
  okay . 
  what does that change ? 
  western companies received a huge economic boost thanks to poland entering eu and making it easy for them to access polish market . 
  both sides are making profit on this deal . 
  or you thought it 's charity ? 
  also , do you believe eastern european states should now be blindly obeying whatever merkel says because they received money ? 
  you are throwing slogans around that make no sense whatsoever and make you look disgustingly prejudiced, 
  noone will take the boo-man title from us,
