  kebab is that meat on the stick thing . 
  we call it souvlaki ( kalamaki in athens ) . 
  i do n't think that they serve doner in a pita with tzatziki either . 
  i know but i 'm from athens so it 's souvlaki for me :p, 
  with pork meat ? 
  highly doubt it . 
  i 'm gon na trigger a lot of people but ... that 's souvlaki not gyros !!, 
  guys you are wrong . 
  he was a pontic greek so his name is napoleontas vonapartidis . 
  do you mean nikolas teslakopoulos ? 
  the show airs every 2 mondays . 
  they said they 're gon na make it 2 weeks ago . 
  they made one for greece in monday but they have n't upload it to the official website yet . 
  but it 's on youtube : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ggg4gzgmjc, 
  you are spot on about the cram schools ( i did n't even know they are called that in english ) . 
  nowadays , they are way better than regular schools . 
  when i was in my last year of high school , most of my classmates were bringing their homework from cram school to the regular school , because they rightly thought that it was more important than the things we learned in school . 
  also , the fact that near the end of the season the students stay home to study or go to cram school instead of going to regular school ( yes this is actually a thing ) says it all . 
  i remember going to school near the end , and it was just me and 2-3 other students in the classroom . 
  and most of the times we did n't even had lessons because we were so few that the teachers most of the times allowed us to leave the classroom and go outside , go play football at the yard or even go home sometimes . 
  greece vs literally every country we border . 
  exactly that . 
  people think that because the government owes money , the whole country is poor . 
  that 's definitely not the case . 
  and even with all this debt , greece is still the wealthiest country in the balkans . 
  yes . 
  poros actually consists of 2 island . 
  the first is the one in the photo and the second is the one behind it . 
  most people live in the first island because the second is very mountainous . 
  it 's in the saronic gulf , 58km south of piraeus . 
  whenever i say that my mother is from poros , most people say '' you mean paros ? 
  there is not really much you can do/see outside of athens , thessaloniki and the islands . 
  if you are in greece to have fun , party , etc you go to these places but if you are here to see the ancient monuments , museums , etc you go to continental greece . 
  so we are not even in europe now ? 
  i was expecting a '' pay your debts '' or something like that for greece tbh . 
  that really annoy us . 
  white socks with sandals incoming !!, 
  so , how is the greek team playing if it 's the only team in the league ? 
  here in greece it is not really mentioned because nobody watches it . 
  people here call it rugby because they think that it 's the same thing ( rugby is not popular either ) . 
  that 's the best greek accent i 've heard from a non greek person . 
  obviously he ca n't talk like a native but his accent is pretty close to a native 's accent . 
  wow he speaks greek almost like a native . 
  his accent is pretty much spot on . 
  it 's probably that because there is no way nikos aliagas is the most popular person in greece . 
  because he is famous in france he has a lot of french followers so maybe that 's why . 
  but he 's not that popular here . 
  i do n't think that these numbers include illegal immigrants . 
  really ? 
  i did n't know that sweden has less population than greece and portugal . 
  i always thought that they had big population . 
  oh nice , like we did n't have enough refugees already . 
  i 'm atheist as well and although i do n't like the meaning of the cross in the flag , the flag seems really nice with it . 
  like chalkidiki , nowhere . 
  in greece is : 1 ) football . 
  we absolutely love football . 
  football is like a religion here . 
  2 ) basketball . 
  almost everybody who watches football , watches basketball as well but not as fanatically . 
  i personally find it a bit boring but i like playing it myself rather than watching . 
  3 ) it 's probably volleyball or water polo . 
  volleyball is a sport that mostly females play here . 
  it 's actually not that bad and when i was in high school i used to play when i had nothing else to do . 
  we have a pretty good national team in water polo but not a lot of people play this sport . 
  you were probably here in the summer then . 
  it even snowed in piraeus as well . 
  we do n't usually see snow in piraeus . 
  last time it snowed here was 2 years ago when it snowed for like 3-4 hours and before that it was like 8-9 years ago when the whole piraeus was covered in snow . 
  because dogtooth is weird af . 
  my favorite greek movies are sirens in the aegean and i-4 loufa kai apallagi, 
  not at all . 
  brazilians and greeks have a very good relationship actually . 
  actually basketball is the 2nd most popular sport in most european countries and especially southern european countries . 
  my grandad also helped a british soldier hide from the germans during ww2 . 
  ok , that 's it . 
  i 'm moving to vilnius asap . 
  i finished watching this video and i decided to take a look at the comments . 
  worst mistake i 've ever made ... 
  [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_greek_flags#/media/file:greek_revolution_flag.svg ) is also the flag that was used during the greek revolution of 1821 . 
  for real ? 
  is it like the slang word for face ? 
  i just googled pekin , and turns out that it 's a city in illinois . 
  i do n't think we have rakija here . 
  we have something similar in crete that is called tsikoudia . 
  edit : in wikipedia it says that rakija and raki is the same thing btw . 
  someone needs to tell ramsey to stop playing football !!, 
  i do n't know about corfu but in athens and sparta ( the 2 places i 've lived ) all the fast food stores are open for 24 hours . 
  you ca n't judge a whole country just because you visited a small island and saw a few stores closed at 9 . 
  did n't they tell you not to believe in stupid stereotypes ? 
  huh look at that . 
  the '' lazy greeks '' work more hours than everybody in europe . 
  i thought we would be higher in pork meat since gyros is life . 
  not only anatolian . 
  balkan , greek , armenian , arab , etc. 
  the j2 is not turkish , it 's greco-roman and anatolian . 
  the j2 haplogroup is from anatolians hunter gatherers that mixed with the farmers that lived in greece about 25.000 years ago . 
  it 's you that should be triggered since you 're not as turkic as you think you are . 
  i prefer chicken gyros as well but pork gyros is not bad either ( it 's actually awesome ) . 
  you gave 12 points to your neighbor ( sweden ) as well , did n't you ? 
  greece is really not that hot compared to the countries of mesopotamia .
