you confuse the people of ancient anatolia with the modern day turks . 
  the turks are not native to that land . 
  they were turkic people ( asiatic ) that mixed with the locals ( arabs , assyrians , kurds , armenians , georgians , greeks , slavs , albanians , etc ) . 
  i had to google the word '' derelict '' , i had never heard it before . 
  but you are right , it is derelict . 
  sure , but that does n't mean that you can only find it in ireland . 
  pale skin is common to all europe not just northern europe . 
  really ? 
  you know southern europeans have all kind of looks . 
  my family from my mother 's side are mostly blondes . 
  i was blonde as well when i was a baby but now i have brown hair . 
  just look at [ this greek youtuber ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ma1utv0d7zg&amp;ab_channel=marasamartzi ) who is naturally red headed . 
  i 've been told that we ca n't build buildings taller than the acropolis . 
  that 's not the only one . 
  that 's the tallest one but there is also the tower of piraeus , the palace hotel , the atrina center , the apollo tower , etc. 
  it 's an island not a village . 
  my aunt 's husband is from santorini and they go every year there . 
  i 've been invited multiple times but i never accept it because i really do n't like crowdy places . 
  edit : typos, 
  i always pronounce those words with a gamma . 
  i thought it was right but i guess it 's wrong . 
  it 's really difficult to tell the difference between a '' w '' and a '' \u03b3 '' for a greek speaker . 
  i think you pronounce the gamma ( \u03b3 ) in some words like for example : woman , why , word , where , etc. 
  the theater of epidaurus is also still in use . 
  it 's actually the best thing that can happen to you if you are an actor . 
  every actor in greece is dreaming about playing in epidaurus . 
  it 's like every actor in the us dreaming about making it into hollywood . 
  also , kevin spacey performed in this theater in 2011 . 
  it 's a small island with 2,590 population . 
  i do n't think that there are many houses to rent . 
  eleftheria i thanatos . 
  the '' i '' is pronounced like '' ee '' not like '' ay '' . 
  i 'd say anything below 18c is cold . 
  usually in the winter in athens the temperature is between 5-10c . 
  in sparta , where i study , it 's colder and sometimes the temperature reaches like -5 c or even more at night . 
  and it really depends on where you are . 
  thessaloniki for example is colder than athens but at the same time athens is colder than crete . 
  in the winter ? 
  yeah , it 's quite cold . 
  we like your football , does it count ? 
  the greek islands magically disappeared as well . 
  the 2 languages co-existed at some point . 
  koine greek was still spoken in the roman empire . 
  me , too . 
  i ca n't stand the heat at all and that 's why i really hate summer . 
  i 'd rather spent my summer holidays in a scandinavian country . 
  we got it from the latin '' tabula '' . 
  it was '' tavla '' in koine greek and probably you took it from koine greek . 
  but ultimately it 's of latin origin . 
  there is one but there are not a lot of people there . 
  tell me about it . 
  i was playing fevga against my cousin and at the last part where you have all those pawns ( or however they 're called in english ) in one place and you just roll the dice to start removing them , out of the 5 times that he rolled the dices he got 4 double 6s ... 
  tavli is life . 
  i can play tavli for hours without getting bored . 
  finally , i 've been waiting 2 years for this !, 
  unfortunatelly , the comments section is gon na be a shithole ... 
  there are also some greeks that converted to islam during the ottoman empire . 
  they are considered greek citizens that 's why i said greek muslims . 
  i only talked about their citizenship not their ethnic background . 
  it could also be a greek muslim living in the thrace region . 
  nice , that 's really interesting . 
  yes , both italian have a lot of words that are of greek origin and greek has a lot of words that are of italian/latin origin . 
  [ here ] ( http://podilato98.blogspot.gr/2012/08/daneies-apo-italika.html ) is a list of greek words that have italian origin . 
  we have borrowed a lot of latin , italian/venetian and some spanish words so we have a lot of common words not just this one . 
  yes but in everyday speech we use the word '' krasi '' . 
  that 's because we all took it from the latin porta . 
  i think it 's used in all latin languages , and we borrowed it . 
  i just googled '' vowel harmony '' and it 's actually a thing . 
  we do n't have that in greek . 
  but we like our words to have a lot of syllables . 
  so words with over 3 consonants in a row is always a struggle for greeks to pronounce . 
  the ending is actually - opoulos not - poulos so teslakopoulos or teslopoulos would be more correct . 
  it 's like a cretan trying to speak italian . 
  it sounds really nice . 
  that 's pretty much what everybody thinks of greece . 
  a very sunny place that is always hot and it never rains or snows . 
  that 's not entirely true , we are not a tropical country . 
  it 's usually very snowy , especially in northern greece in the winter . 
  to be fair , not all of us have long names . 
  my last name is 7 letters long for example . 
  the relaxed stereotype is mainly for people from thessaloniki . 
  in greece , we have a stereotype for people from thessaloniki and it 's that they like staying in cafeterias for a long time , drinking [ frappe ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/frapp%c3%a9_coffee ) , playing [ tavli ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tables_ ( board_game ) and every now and then they say the word '' halara '' ( which we usually spell it like '' hallllara '' making fun of their heavy '' l' ' pronunciation ) which means '' chill '' . 
  but of course those are stereotypes , does n't necessarily means that they 're true . 
  and not to mention the huge feud we ( athenians ) have with them when it comes to how is the proper way to ask for a souvlaki . 
  edit : typos, 
  he is talking about the kit , not the team 's quality . 
  we loved teasing you guys since 2004 but now that you won it i think we 're even . 
  and also we love fernando santos here . 
  every greek wanted portugal to win euro 2016 mostly because of santos . 
  it 's nice to see that at least some people have something else to say other than '' pay debts '' . 
  in my opinion , [ this one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ytdtmxrf8lw ) is better than zorbas . 
  hey , we have a better [ sokratis ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sokratis_papastathopoulos ) now . 
  i feel you bro . 
  damned faroe islands ... 
  of course it would be sakis rouvas ... 
  personally i do n't really like graffities , even though i did graffities when i was younger ( yeah , they were not so pretty tbh ) but this is absolutely beautiful . 
  nobody is learning greek , too :(, 
  i really do n't think that territorial claims and claims of historical and national emblems is stupid ( fyrom and greece ) . 
  it 's not just the name . 
  my absolute favorite is : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_afrozersnk&amp;ab_channel=eurovisionsongcontest,
