well , we call it paprikapulver in sweden , so would n't surprise me if it 's the same for you . 
  from the surrounding terrain , or are there other clues ? 
  by that standard not even iceland is `` the north '' . 
  that 's mostly how i see it at least , and i think many other do too . 
  it 's not like finland was ever occupied by sweden , but more like an actual part of the country . 
  i suppose pretty much all power was in sweden , and that the finnish language was supressed and so on though . 
  at the same time , if i stop looking at the language difference , the similarities between finland and sweden are much bigger than sweden compared to norway or denmark for example ( at least from what i can see ) . 
  but then i 'm not a historian , so i might be waay wrong . 
  i would guess a lot of finns being negative towards sweden is because of pakkoruotsi . 
  many swedes do n't even know about it , and i think when they do learn about it , most think it seems stupid . 
  it 's simply not worth learning swedish if you 're not going to live in an area with a large amount of speakers . 
  takes up more space i guess ? 
  also lectures always start xx :15 , so there really is no need for the :15 ( and in the case of 2h lectures 15 min . 
  recess after 45 minutes . 
  for evenings and weekends you often write out dk ( dubbelkvart ) though . 
  i 've heard the concept origins from older days when most people did n't have watches . 
  then they could hear the church bells and then have 15m to get to class . 
  not so sure about the trueness of this . 
  same term exists in swedish as well : `` akademisk kvart '' . 
  the meaning is different though . 
  it simply means that if you have a class ( only used in universities , thereby academic ) then it actually starts 15 minutes after marked time . 
  for example if your schedule says a class starts at 10 , without any minutes , then that means 10:15 . 
  if you want to start precisely at 10 , then you have to write out 10:00 . 
  furthermore , from 18 and in weekends you have a double quarter , meaning 18 = 18:30 . 
  it is still being used by many universities in sweden . 
  i suppose it probably helps if you have some experience playing strategy games of some sort ; like basic game literacy ( you know that you select things with the left mouse button and move them with the right and so on ) . 
  it 's probably the easiest one to get in to out of the paradox titles though . 
  i suppose you could try watching some let 's plays on youtube to get a hang of things as well if you 're nervous about it . 
  sweden is even reimplementing conscription again . 
  and quite soon too , i think from 2018 or something we 'll have conscription going again . 
  now compulsory for both genders , although quite few will do service each year . 
  i have 242h played and am sort of starting to understand how things work . 
  seriously though , the trick is to not try to learn everything at once . 
  pick one aspect you want to focus on and work on that after playing the tutorials . 
  there will be fuckups , but you 'll learn from them . 
  it takes some patiance but is starts to make sense with time . 
  wait , so this is not just something that just ends up happening in my eu4 games over and over , but something that actually happened ? 
  til :(, 
  considering the tories have their own majority in parliament , why would they risk giving that up ? 
  seems like a stupid thing to do . 
  not disappointed in you , just of the situation . 
  it 's just that i like the term football referring to soccer to have as much credibility as possible , for mostly selfish reasons . 
  having pretty much just one country not calling it soccer is a lot less credible than i 'd always thought . 
  i always thought it was a north american thing and that the rest of the english speaking world used the word football . 
  to be totally honest , i 'm a bit disappointed . 
  why ca n't they just use the print screen button ? 
  is n't that what it 's for ? 
  that 's actually some of the best publicity for eu i 've seen . 
  it 's certainly going to be very interesting to see how someone tackles that !, 
  if it ends up being theresa may , she could partly get away with it by not having been part of the leave campaign . 
  boris is in trouble since he sort of said that uk could get something like single market access without freedom of movement , which is ridiculous . 
  but who knows , maybe he could bumble it away somehow . 
  the question is * how * big that nationalist sentiment has been . 
  how big is the part of the population that would be ok with the economy being torn apart for full immigration control from the eu . 
  there were certainly many other reasons people voted to leave for that actually could be satisfied by a eea type deal . 
  and that rather stupid voting system of yours could be pretty good at keeping ukip out in most districts , while at the same time striking against both tories and labour . 
  what 's the worst that could happen ? 
  it 's not like ukip is gon na get a majority vote , is it ? 
  but again as you said , everything is about mitigating damage right now , and it 's going to take some serious political leadership . 
  literally all options have huge implications . 
  maybe the best way would be to hold another general election and let the winners of that election choose the direction to go in in negotiations . 
  that would at least leave a much stronger mandate for the sort of deal that 's finally decided on . 
  it 's not like any of the parties want an election now though :d, 
  some surely are , but the largest number of jobs are probably going to wait and see if there 's a single market deal or not . 
  if they can wait for a referendum they can surely wait for some negotiations too , right ? 
  although with 1/3rd undecided in such a case . 
  it 's really not anything that has been discussed much . 
  i really do n't think it 's anywhere close . 
  people are somewhat upset about roma beggars from romania and bulgaria , but that could be solved by laws simpler than exiting the eu . 
  other types of eu migrants are hardly discussed at all , and is completely dwarfed as a subject in light of the migrant crisis . 
  and for that , we had probably the eu 's most generous policy , so it 's not like the eu is giving us problems with our borders . 
  rather i think people see the eu as a way of getting more influence on that issue . 
  it 's not something that apart from that i think people are fairly eu positive around here . 
  also we only two parties in favor of exiting the eu in parliament now , so a referendum is extremely unlikely ( maybe even more so now ) . 
  what could sway that is if the eu made moves to force us to adopt the euro , but that would be an utterly stupid move considering the potential damage compared to prospective benefits . 
  also large moves towards more federalism , but i think either of that is very unlikely to happen during the uk 's exit negotiations , as it would be stupid . 
  why would they ignore the referendum ? 
  that would be so insanely unlikely if you listen to any of the debate in the house of commons . 
  they wo n't go directly against such a clearly stated referendum , it would be a huuuuge shit on the democratic system . 
  also , most of the bad economic effects could be avoided by activating article 50 and joining some sort of eea deal . 
  it would surely make many leave voters very disappointed , but ca n't see how it would n't be the by far most politically viable option , since it 's technically following the result of the referendum . 
  could also be what the eu is pushing for . 
  keep inside the economy but with less uk whining about the political direction . 
  as for banks , they are surely making plans for what to do in case it does come to a non-single market type deal . 
  on the other hand they could very well stay if it turns out not to be . 
  if you can avoid moving something there 's much to be gained by doing so . 
  definitely leaving , the question really is how . 
  while all options are bad ( staying would be going against poll , ca n't really be done politically , canada style deal would take too long and be bad really for the economy , eea pissing people not wanting free movement off , and being spoon-fed eu regulations ) eea could hit the sweet spot politically . 
  could satisfy critisism towards agriculture politics and political integration just enough to get support compared with exiting the single market over 50 % , while at the same time not be horribly bad for the economy . 
  it also would not be going against the result of the referendum , since it does n't show why people chose to vote the way they did , and there 's no solid promise from the leave campaign that free move would end , mostly hints . 
  while * i * think it would be better for britain to stay this could very very well be the sweet spot for actually being politically viable . 
  and apart from less british influence on eu politics ( i like this influence ) it would really mitigate almost all the negative effects of another type of exit . 
  could possibly even save you from losing scotland !, 
  as for reliability that damage is already done , and as you say , staying vs eea would n't be that different here . 
  and it 's not like france or spain are 100 % reliable either . 
  that 's actually quite sensible !, 
  it 's more plundering and pillaging ( or war missions ) than travelling/exploring though . 
  example from egil skallagrimssons saga : `` bj\u00f6rn was a great traveller , at times he was going in viking , at times on trading travels . '', 
  same in sweden , although our commentators did n't use it . 
  could very well have done so if it was n't on svt though .
