that 's great news , will save me some money and hassle . 
  the negotiations did n't even start ( or are in early stages , ca n't remember ) and we have no idea what the terms could even be so we should n't really speculate in my opinion , but i do get that it might change after uk leaves . 
  so this means that if i have a data allowance on my contract from a uk carrier i can use the data , minutes & texts anywhere within eu ? 
  if i got that right , that 's amazing . 
  i do know that , these are typical strict non-eu immigration laws . 
  but canada has a different policy for refugees that 's a completely different process . 
  i 'm not in favour of the open-door policy in countries like canada or germany . 
  i doubt islam itself the problem as uk and london in particular has had a permanent muslim population for decades now . 
  i think the pressure should be for those that come in to respect the rules and values set . 
  the rise of high-profile terrorist groups and level of sophistication of their recruitment methods ( especially online , having a massive reach and making it hard to trace ) is also a huge factor . 
  i do n't understand your point . 
  there is a clear threat of terrorism in almost every single city around the world . 
  it 's only logical to arm local authorities to ensure that threats to civilians are being dealt with causing as little harm as possible . 
  protecting yourself does n't mean living in fear , it means that you acknowledge a threat and are doing everything in order to save lives . 
  if there were no policemen around the parliament , there is a good chance that more lives would be lost . 
  i have n't been in france so i ca n't comment on that specifically . 
  but i know what i see in london and i 'm heavily in favour of it . 
  true , being a frequent visitor of the central london area ( twice a week ) i see a lot of policeman with heavy weaponry . 
  this is why i believe we did n't count today 's victims in tens . 
  other big european ( and around the world as well ) should follow suit . 
  that 's great . 
  always great to see low-cost airlines expand to put pressure on bigger airlines . 
  that being said i just looked it up and ba offers very cheap flights from london already ( # 57 one way ) . 
  i 'm not pro-eu ( but not really anti-eu either , i just think t has a lot of problems ) and i really appreciate this move . 
  i 'm a soon-to-be 16 years old polish national living in the u.k. and visiting the us is my dream . 
  with low-cost airlines and no visa required this will be much easier for me . 
  definitely true to some extent . 
  people not sharing her ( admittedly ) extreme views will agree with her on that . 
  i had a look at my polish passport ( from june this year so the most recent ) . 
  it 's people ( some with historic meanings ) , rivers and landscapes . 
  i do agree that the proposed designs look worse but i do n't disagree with the idea that the designs should have historic meanings . 
  but my definite stance is that as long as they do n't change the cover , i really do n't care . 
  i know , they used to be polish cities and are now not . 
  i think no one should care and it 's pointless to create such stupid problems . 
  we have more important issues to deal with . 
  is this talking about the drawings inside the passport , mainly designed to catch counterfeits ? 
  who cares which picture is on the 24th page of my passport that 's covered with a stamp . 
  that being said putting cities from another countries would just be stupid and pointless . 
  from what my parents tell me this is by no means new . 
  i 'm a pole living in the uk and i see an article like this every 3 days . 
  some of my friends are even asking me about it : nothing changed around me since brexit apart from the fall in value of the pound which impacts those supporting their families back home . 
  the show is very popular ( roughly avg 5m views on youtube for each episode ) and seems to be having some political influence as well . 
  that 's not true, 
  as for a nation , we definitely are considered eastern europe . 
  we do n't get the visa waiver to the us for instance . 
  in the uk , generally poles , romanians etc. 
  also take lower paid , less skilled jobs in logistics , delivery because it 's still a step-up from what 's available home . 
  that being said i never saw anyone being looked down on or disrespected . 
  rather , the people who are here without the rights to work ( outside eu obviously , india , vietnam etc ) are being exploited . 
  there is a lot of them , along with a market for fake papers . 
  as for the media , well nothing of what i actually encounter reflects what can be often read in the media . 
  there was n't any change of attitude when brexit happened and everyone seems to be trying to make it as painless for us as possible and no one is hostile . 
  as a matter of fact nothing happened outside politics in the uk when brexit happened , media seems to be fuelling most of the drama and controversy . 
  one change is gbp went down which is important for folks who work here and support families back home , especially with pln in poland 's case getting quite strong as our economy is doing quite well . 
  when i stated racism i meant xenophobia . 
  i 'm not used to talking about this really . 
  i 'm a 16 year old pole living in the uk in a 99 % british city , i 've never encountered any kind of racism or discrimination . 
  people know i 'm polish and they 're all nice and friendly . 
  i do n't feel any different and i 'm not treated any differently . 
  i also have 2 friends in very similar situation and we 're really not facing any discrimination or harassment . 
  i do n't believe the current media narrative reflects reality , but then again that 's just my and a few others experience . 
  i 'm a 16 year old pole living in a a nearly all british city . 
  i know literally 1 person from the eu ( italy ) living here . 
  everyone knows i 'm polish and everyone is nice and friendly . 
  i do n't feel any different and no ones treating me like i 'm different . 
  i strongly believe that this was a tragic isolated incident . 
  polish people are really not treated badly or discriminated , even in cities different than london . 
  this seems to be the narrative in the media quite often , and it really does n't reflect the reality . 
  what you have to understand is people can be cruel . 
  how exactly is this article relevant to this discussion ? 
  i think early on , it 's possible that the police were afraid of being accused of not allowing protests . 
  i 'm not willing to generalise the left or right political movements . 
  i also do n't agree that not allowing a government official ( mrs trump in this case ) to leave the hotel is protesting . 
  clearly the police could n't deal with that and the situation did n't allow her to attend the hotel safely . 
  i 'm not willing to accept that this is an acceptable form of protest . 
  yes , i 've seen massive amounts of denial of what happened there . 
  expect this to be downvoted to hell . 
  i 'm all for protests and demonstrations because everyone has a right to voice their own opinion . 
  but this was n't a protest . 
  200 police officers got hurt and this is unacceptable . 
  not allowing foreign government representatives to exit their hotels and attend the event is not right . 
  governments and lawmakers need to look at this and make sure it never happens again . 
  i would n't say it 's needlessly specific , this is what i think # 130 should get me . 
  the phillips are wired and the same price i paid for the beats . 
  i have no way to compare the sound quality but i doubt it 's worth the cable . 
  i would n't say i defended beats . 
  i said that people should n't jump and criticise everyone who uses them . 
  let 's start with what i was looking for : a nice looking pair of preferably wireless in-ear headphones with decent sound quality and noise cancelling . 
  i could get any jaybirds or other brands that people `` respect '' . 
  i decided to go for the beats because they offer all that with the w1 chip that makes my life a bit easier and they charge with a lightning port . 
  people are happy to provide me with a link to an amazon search `` bluetooth headphones '' but none other than the apple airpods ( which in my opinion are n't very practical or nice looking ) offer these features and others are only marginally cheaper ( in terms of how long i will use them for ) . 
  i know i can get headphones with better sound for the # 130 i paid for my beatsx . 
  but i value other aspects over sound quality . 
  that 's the problem with your scientific statement . 
  it only takes into consideration the sound quality and not the overall product including its usability . 
  i respect that people may have a different opinion and in many cases i understand it but i 've personally met many people who just see the b logo and criticise . 
  i agree with that but it 's an indicator how many people care . 
  i did my research before purchasing my main pair and you ran out of arguments pretty quickly . 
  in ear wireless headphones with decent battery life and noise cancelling , preferably charging with a lightning cable and connecting with the w1 chip ? 
  right .
