  it was perceived as a favour to cameron and yes a leave vote would affect the us . 
  the outcome would be handled politically in the same way all democratic results are . 
  i do n't see mr macron or mrs merkel expressing a preferred outcome in the coming general election . 
  so i reiterate , non of his f **** g business . 
  it was non of his f ***** g business . 
  he would have gone off the deep end if the prime minister tried to interfere in us elections . 
  lol , just watch it run and run . 
  yes but equally new suppliers can be found or set up here for uk manufacturers , leading to more jobs . 
  with the eu there are no limits . 
  instead they talk the subject to death . 
  they must be quaking in their boots , about to be destroyed by bureaucracy . 
  so what , it works both ways . 
  although i may have to sell my german car before parts become too expensive . 
  oh , i see , but surely tyrants ca n't be democratically removed and that is the whole point of democracy ? 
   dictatorship of the majority . 
  wtf are you talking about . 
  have n't played that game in years . 
   are the brits really so worried about bruising people 's feelings ? 
  this was first picked up at least 20 years ago . 
  if the offenders are not ethnically white they shouted racist . 
  that word trumps justice . 
  i see your point but if their record on disability is anything to go by the protections will be worthless . 
  remember the changes to dla and the bedroom tax , almost 3000 people took their own lives due to those cuts . 
  they were very vulnerable people , leading unfulfilled lives due to a twist of fate and were cast overboard by the dwp . 
  workers rights . 
  so fuck the unemployed , disabled or those with mental health issues . 
  take a look at british banknotes , it 's no joke . 
   we could use our share of the boe to back it . 
  sorry about your lack of education or are you still in education ? 
  when you grow up , peoples opinions mean a lot less . 
  you have replied to the wrong person . 
  if you are a regular on here you would know that collectiveindividual is a brit hater . 
  they could have chosen any country as an example but got a brexit dig in . 
  same for goods which can be bought anywhere in the world . 
  common sense . 
  sarcasm , hardly a meaningful reply . 
   ten years from now , the seniors ( who traditionally have the highest voter turnout ) will have partly died off . 
  the problem is that the antics of the commission will have generated a lot of anti eu feeling in the uk . 
  it wo n't be as simple as that . 
  i 'm going to start buying co op burgers . 
  i also echo your sentiment about 2019 . 
  just remember this is a lose lose situation and i think the uk is in a better position to recover from it . 
  mcdonald 's burgers , made with british and ~ ~ irish ~ ~ beef ... 
  bet your farmers do n't agree . 
   the youth vote went remain overwhelmingly . 
  err ... it was the youth failing to vote that allowed brexit to happen . 
  oh well said sir . 
  so live somewhere else . 
  national sterotyping , the tool of the uneducated . 
  agreed , bye bye eu . 
   since barnier got his team together he has laid out a clear strategy no , he is limited by his political masters as to his brief . 
  the greedy twats . 
  i 'll smoke whatever they are . 
  i do n't see her point . 
  these things are reciprocal but i do see now why the commission wants eu citizens rights guaranteed , so the eu can operate a double standard . 
   where were you when your mad people are howling anywhere you are not , bigot . 
   emotions , ignorance and greed do n't serve this relationship very well . 
  ouch . 
  none of that applies . 
  cold hard facts apply . 
  we want direct democracy and voted for it . 
  you know what , i like him the more i hear of him and i voted to leave ( still would ) , what a decent guy . 
  not fussed about him , but as somebody who voted to leave it 's only fair to show that good things can come from the ecj , that it is not the tool of the eu . 
  * why are uk people living in continental europe anyways ? 
  it is a hellhole of epic propotions . 
  * no it 's not . 
  i have had many happy holidays in europe , it 's a fantastic place . 
  i personally just do n't think the eu is a good fit for the uk and vice versa . 
  sorry , i 'm missing the implication of that . 
  i know . 
  just painted a brexit shaped target on myself . 
  it 's the mass effect . 
  they were talking about the long game . 
  you sound like one too . 
  it 's inheritable . 
  also 48 % voted remain . 
  so what . 
   during the war which war ? 
  or vice versa . 
  it 's entirely possible to have the hard border between britain and ni . 
  i 'm sure all in ireland would welcome that ? 
  cta was a fudge why ca n't this be ? 
  selective vision where insults are then ? 
  calling a nation delusional is not impolite ? 
  get some perspective . 
  * including delusional britain * britain was fighting the war for two years before either the us or ussr entered ww2 . 
  i try to be polite on here but fuck you . 
  britain did something during the war , what did your country do ? 
  oh wait , do n't answer that . 
  just hold the discussions in a local open air market then nobody can complain about leaks . 
  or do we want to be grown up about this ? 
  * she wants to play theater * wow , the irony and double standards there beggars belief . 
  the only person playing theatre here was junker . 
  all of the horrors portrayed here can be found in london . 
  bring on the fall of the city to provoke some real investment in the north and give the people a future devoid of hopelessness and drug taking . 
  it 's time to redistribute the wealth . 
  good , this will force investment in the regions . 
  it 's poor grammar to begin a sentence with '' and '' . 
  you call me dumb ? 
  i 'm not american .
