  point taken , just do n't call me a moron , it devalues your opinion . 
  it 's about responsible fiscal planning , you know it is . 
  one country can not ignore the eu fiscal rules , grossly overspend then expect another member to pay for all of the luxuries their citizens have enjoyed . 
  nothing to do with dissolution of the union , just about spending within your budget . 
  * ireland, 
  it 's alright some of us are trying to organise an exit from the uk . 
  thank god not all of you . 
  talk about shitting in your own back yard . 
  brought a tear to my eye . 
  god i 'm really sorry to have upset you so much you went ** bold ** . 
  let 's end this now . 
  * whether they work for more or less than someone from the uk is irrelevant , they contribute to the economy and fill gaps where they exist . 
  * so you argue market forces . 
  make a good thatcherite would you . 
  also this is hyperbole . 
  i never mentioned the poles but your assumption they are from a backward country is interesting . 
  i find them pleasant hard workers . 
  you did actually sources please . 
  not to mention , the french would simply deny the ferry to dock . 
  we could do that too and shut the channel tunnel but where would that get anyone ? 
  they need to claim asylum where they enter the eu . 
  no , these asylum seekers are supposed to seek asylum in the first safe country they enter . 
  there is no a la carte asylum . 
  unless you have shengen of course . 
  point taken on non eu immigrants but we had no control over eu immigration . 
  not all are net contributors especially in the building trade . 
  plumbers , electricians etc from low paid eu countries work for less . 
  this lead to a local skills gap when apprentices were not trained due to the availability of this work group . 
  in turn this lead to poor prospects for the young , literally a generation doomed to low paid work . 
  so no net contribution there . 
  * dastardly germans * preferred muttley myself . 
  agreed . 
  some people think they can have a meal at the restaurant and expect the table next door to pay . 
  why not ? 
  and we will have even more control of our borders once we leave . 
  no more eu edicts for us . 
  got the plans for guantanamo ? 
  go build your wall , tosser . 
  that cunt does not represent the uk . 
  jeez he posed for a picture with le pen . 
  he 's american , junker will have the eu even more at odds with the us if the uk employs him . 
  what about the uk stake in eu buildings etc. 
  according to the commission that is not negotiable, 
  britain has paid in approx half a trillion pounds since joining . 
  for that level of investment i would have expected far better returns . 
  how much has your country paid in if you do n't mind me asking ? 
  ok so there is a divorce . 
  the terms have not been settled and nobody knows the final outcome , it 's a continuing debate . 
  we may end up with hard brexit or paying for access to the single market or probably some strange fudge . 
  you do n't want debate , you are butthurt over us leaving . 
  so what do you try ? 
  condescension . 
  i do n't know where `` we '' came from but is does demonstrate that for you this is a sub for people with a unified viewpoint . 
  as for tiresome , yes it is , having to reply to a pedantic europhile who can not see the faults of the eu . 
  you have never asked yourself why brexit happened , why we would leave such an organisation as the eu if it was so bloody good . 
  finally , as long as britain is considered part of europe i will comment here when i choose to not deterred by people like you who choose to belittle those who disagree . 
  you are mixing up european and the eu . 
  look up the definition of european and see if being british disqualifies me . 
  i do n't tell anybody where they should be neither should you . 
  clearly you think that sort of discrimination is ok . 
  i do n't . 
  * it 's clashes of beliefs that are n't compatible * then why the hell are you on here ? 
  it 's a place for discussion not thought police . 
  have you tried r/eu ? 
  last time i looked i was european . 
  my are n't you entitled , how do you fit your ego through doorways ? 
  the solution to your problem is to talk to those who think like you do . 
  you can reinforce your opinions with them . 
  if you want a discussion with people of different viewpoints then talk to people who may broaden your horizons . 
  tip : to have a meaningful discussion do n't insult the other side . 
  do n't behave like junker , he sets a very bad example . 
  adults also understand the value of money . 
  11 billion net going into the eu every year was way too much . 
  adults also accept they may have differing opinions , unlike you . 
  mate , it 's not even taught in schools . 
  the eu was portrayed as a common market since the 1970 's . 
  i 'll accept the newspaper lies , nobody but nobody ever explained to us what the eu was about . 
  i do n't understand why you did n't just kick us out . 
  is there a reason ? 
  if you think the eu and uk being at each others throats is a good thing , it is you who are naive . 
  papers are a very old fashioned , editorialised way of garnering information . 
  so , no . 
  you are confused between romania and remania . 
  are you still at school ? 
  goodwill is essential in negotiations . 
  * gibraltar gibraltar * so good they named it twice ? 
   we just ca n't let it be a success . 
  the problem there is it will create a lot of anti eu sentiment that will last for generations which makes it very difficult to rejoin . 
  better a trade deal , less good than what we have now , but a situation where we all get along . 
  you have to remember a lot of anti eu sentiment in the uk comes from us being lied to from the very beginning by our own politicians . 
  nobody explained the project , it 's not taught in schools and of course the cherry on the cake is the dominance of germany and france , as you point out , traditional protagonists . 
  * we need to work for a far longer future than that . 
  * the eu just needs an effective executive . 
  i get the '' all for one and one for all '' ethos but sometimes '' the needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few '' ( rip leonard nimoy ) . 
  until that is achieved the bureaucratic quicksand will continue to hold it back . 
  * but as someone contributing to its budget that 's for sure . 
  * the money in terms of gdp was never an issue for me , though much has been made of it , the nhs will never see it , bank on that . 
  it was more that we were contributing to an organisation that for me was unaccountable from a british viewpoint of direct democracy . 
   an entire country 's collective ignorance was put on full display for the entire world to witness . 
  qualifications do not = common sense .
