  time for your medication . 
  jeez mate this is the future of all of us in the uk whether you like it or not . 
  put the snp flag away for now . 
  if you want intelligent meaningful discourse you do it in private . 
  this is not reality tv . 
  i do n't get the may hate on here . 
  eu starts project fear with a reported ( for today at least ) 100 billion exit fee . 
  their negotiating position is pay us and agree to all our demands before we think about what you want . 
  how is that not influence . 
  scaring people into voting for parties that want to remain is bullying at best . 
  putin would be proud . 
  not confused at all . 
  if you consider it is a requirement to have a job waiting before coming here most of those people will be contributing . 
   you can blame it on eu hostility if it fits your world view . 
  not unreasonable , except mr barnier has not denied it . 
  i am a leaver . 
  this is just what i expected . 
  oh please , the bill was 60 billion yesterday what have we agreed to since then ? 
  with that point of view godwin was always going to happen sooner than later . 
  what happens to brits abroad if the eu took that path . 
  you will be supporting eugenics next ( no eu pun intended ) . 
  who the eu ? 
  given this new figure comes from berlin/paris just what do you mean by the eu . 
  sounds more like a franco german empire . 
  just because the eu are being dicks we do n't have to . 
  these are all people , whose range of age , disabilty or skills are reflected in uk citizens in the eu . 
  you sound like a bloody nazi . 
  the bill was 60 billion yesterday . 
  what have we agreed to since then ? 
  * may is not seen as a reliable partner for the eu * junker and barnier are not seen as reliable in the uk . 
  just how big is this bill going to be ? 
  you think the uk is on the short end of the stick . 
  if we revert to wto rules the eu has a # 70 billion trade surplus . 
  guess who wins in tariff gains ( not the eu ) . 
  if the eu keeps on this path they will have a very unfriendly neighbour which really goes against why they were formed in the first place . 
  that 's not for you to judge but you seem the judgemental type . 
  i take your point but i have just watched michel barnier saying that a deal is the end goal . 
  there is a # 70 billion trade deficit with the eu . 
  unless the eu is prepared to lose that ( they might ) then there is a need to discuss trade or they will have a $ 70 billion problem . 
  you prove my point , people like you are how wars start . 
  as somebody who has experience of stroke victims your remark is highly offensive . 
  hide behind your reply all you want . 
  i hope it never happens to you . 
  do n't care about people with disabilities then ? 
  what an offensive remark . 
  jeez , i am for brexit but you are such an elitist tosser it beggars belief . 
  i wanted out but wish the eu well . 
  mrs may is not in another galaxy but you are . 
  ask greece , the eu bullied them mercilessly . 
  if that is n't divide and conquer what is ? 
  look at the political upheaval caused by the eu there by the bail out terms . 
  they divided that nation then got their own way . 
  cheap comment , where are you from ? , i might return the favour . 
  tell that to germany who are doing very well . 
  they even have the de facto eu leader in mrs merkel . 
  then use the same argument in greece . 
  i do n't have to divide and conquer , i 'll leave that to the eu . 
  * nobody cares about you believed back then or believe right now . 
  * really ? 
  that 's a pretty extremist viewpoint . 
  nissan is owned by renault . 
  * equal match for a union of 400m people . 
  * i think you will find some eu countries are more equal than others . 
  * two days after the most reliable newspaper in continental europe exposed you as being utterly , embarrassingly unprepared for the brexit process * what a biased point of view . 
  i 'm sure she sees it the other way around but is too polite to make it public . 
  that is not what i said . 
  that particular redditor never has a good word to say about the uk . 
  finally , common sense . 
  you are going in circles . 
  you last said negotiations happened as a result of article 50 . 
  which is it . 
  * all of uk 's problems are now their own . 
  * they always were , including the eu . 
  do n't be bitter , if the eu is a good fit for your country fine , it 's not for us . 
  as for special treatment , if you call paying in # 11 billion net a year special ... you are special . 
  thank you , you confirm it 's an eu problem too . 
  ah , thanks . 
  you really do n't like the uk do you . 
  as we previously discussed , a lot of peoples jobs are at risk on both sides . 
  if it was only the uk 's problem , why on earth are the eu negotiating ? 
  no i am not . 
  you are prevaricating . 
  dodgy south american corned beef has been consumed for decades in the eu . 
  new zealand venison ? 
  how much of that is sold . 
  pick a better one e.g. 
  you could argue the drop in demand for new zealand produce could be offset by leaving the eu and the tariffs it imposes . 
  specialist , novelty items like imported bread are not a great contributor to gdp . 
  supermarkets have been offering cheaper cuts since the 2008 crash . 
  at the end of the day the '' local '' supply chains exist and i 'm sure the french farmers would object to selling in the uk on bicycles wearing blue stripy tops and sporting curly moustaches . 
  love a digestive and a hot cup of tea . 
  trade does not suddenly stop . 
  forgive me for a bit of generalisation here . 
  for example take french and spanish fresh produce that can not easily be sold elsewhere or german engineering output that has an existing market in the uk and is already sold worldwide or tourism and of course services on the uk side . 
  a lot of people depend on these markets and those people are voters . 
  money will talk . 
  sorry , what point were you trying to make ? 
  there is a lot of trade at stake on both sides . 
  the eu has a # 70 billion trade surplus with the uk . 
  money always talks .
