  there is no other way that does not compromise the four freedoms . 
   strong and stable theresa loves you . 
  britain is leaving the eu . 
  how can the ecj have any jurisdiction ? 
  they could of course give uk courts jurisdiction in the eu if you follow that sort of logic . 
  intellectual invertebrate . 
  which are set by the scottish government , you know , devolution ? 
  that money supplements scottish taxes . 
  you know nothing . 
   and it 's not possible for them to give scotland 15 billion when the uk-wide deficit is only 6.7 billion . 
  the deficit is 2.6 % of gdp . 
  gdp is 2.86 trillion dollars . 
  do the math . 
   then there 's scottish oil , lumber , and electricity , all of which will become imports for ruk . 
  quite the rant . 
  i do n't want to reignite the independence debate but you do realise the uk government gives scotland # 15 billion a year ? 
  how would they replace that ? 
   but not because of corporation tax . 
  i 'm interested to know why you say that . 
  corporation tax is lower than income tax here in the uk . 
  the working class continue to pay for the mistakes of the rich . 
  beggars belief how many of the silly buggers voted conservative . 
  i am not debating argument over . 
  welcome , we do n't see many tories on here . 
  you would rather a dictatorship ? 
  insults and bad language have no place in a debate but we live in a free democracy so feel free . 
  you 've just put the thought of david davis naked into my head . 
  thanks for that . 
  democracy does n't work for you then ? 
  and calling us pricks , how childish . 
  tory mp 's should be forced to use these services and see how they like it . 
   an independent body mmm ... , who determines who sits on that body ? 
  and why was/is public sector pay kept so low ? 
  he 's a bit of a hypocrite too . 
  he seems to have forgotten the 11 % pay rise mp 's gave themselves while condemning other public servants to 1 % . 
   in the uk the queen is far more popular than most politicians combined , nobody elected her . 
  yes but she has no power . 
  she is just everyones favourite overprivileged gandmother . 
  belatedly and she never met the residents at the scene . 
  cowardly and unfeeling , she wo n't last long . 
  you can be a tory apologist all you want , it wo n't change the facts . 
  i use a hepa air purifier with the windows shut , cuts the polllen down but you can never get all of it . 
  ** the labour leader is pictured at the scene . 
  ** unlike may who hid . 
  let yourself get fooled . 
  when the press , media and politicians from all parties are saying the same thing how were we fooled ? 
  there was a national lie by omission . 
  very few brits were ever told about the political aspect of membership , successive governments are to blame for perpetuating this . 
  i am british and have always lived here and the concensus has always been of a common market with the sneaky political bits slipped in later . 
  who would question that if there were no dissenting voices ? 
  if we had ever had an adult conversation with all the facts the referendum result would have been different . 
  now before the federalists on here scream '' google it '' just bear in mind most people are not politically minded and just want to live their lives with politics injected into them by newspaper articles or tv . 
  again a lie was told in the media about the eu . 
  so please do n't be hard on us , we were lied to . 
  just like living next to the irish , a pleasure . 
   is there so much in-fighting in the uk parties , that 17 people would vote against her ? 
  the uk is basically a two party state . 
  labour on the left has a spectrum of opinions that range from the far left to the centre of politics . 
  tories on the right range from the far right to the centre . 
  so if , for example , the tories introduced plans to reduce school funding then the centrist tories may well vote against it and with a narrow majority those plans could well fail , embarrassing the government . 
  this makes may a bit of a lame duck because any socially divisive policies would fail . 
  it can happen but usually there is major issue at stake for this to happen . 
  it 's political suicide for the mp concerned . 
  i 'm no expert but as i understand it a simple majority in such a vote would bring the govt . 
  down . 
  agreed but sf have seven seats . 
  it 's still to narrow a majority to govern effectively . 
  even with them it only makes 328/9 , just over the 326 required for a majority , so a very weak government and if there are deaths in those seats they may lose that . 
  as a uk voter this kind of shit is why i get my news online . 
  it 's insidious rubbish but given the potential for a narrow margin , it can make a difference , especially with most of the uk press from the right . 
  mad men do n't save people . 
  absolute hero . 
  oh yes , there are no roads or street lights in northern scotland or even maps . 
  idiot . 
  i do n't see whining . 
  the eu wants to give a supranational court , from a group we will no longer belong to , authority in the uk . 
  it 's like the uk courts demanding authority in china . 
   institute of economic affairs from my understanding they are an organisation that promotes free market economics ( yes i googled ) . 
  in order to show that the free market is working an article debunking this '' myth '' is in their interest . 
  there is also the issue of families . 
  kids often have specific tastes in food and will not eat a healthy meal at all . 
  what do the parents do ? 
  not feed them or get them to at least eat something ? 
  have you ever gone to a supermarket till with just # 1 of goods in your basket ? 
  it implies a lack of funds and people have their pride . 
  if there is no alternative supplier then they go to iceland or worse . 
  and the uk got destroyed , politically , for opposing his appointment . 
  if you are on a limited income that article is rubbish . 
  a six pack of apples = # 2.50 . 
  a large bag of frozen chips = # 2.50 . 
  add a pack of fish fingers for # 1.50 and you can feed four for # 4.00 that 's # 1.00 each . 
  wow are you from the uk ? 
  supermarkets provide most fresh fruit and veg at high prices ( thanks eu ) . 
  people eat crap because it is all they can afford and ( i 'll concede this ) it is easier . 
  downvote me but brexit was the fix . 
  i disagree , lumping the uk and the us with russia creates an image of enemies who you need to be friends with . 
  that only applies to russia . 
  part of the problem in the uk is the high price of healthy foods . 
  cheap , processed and sugar rich foods are all some can afford . 
  you are an anarchist ?
