  no surprise , the tories have been degrading it for years the bastards . 
  it 's called democracy . 
  if you do n't take part , your loss . 
  how would you have us be governed ? 
  they imply he has alienated traditional allies . 
  you do know we pay in almost # 9 billion net do n't you ? 
  we would n't understand them . 
  you already have , did n't you realise ? 
  god , you are such a tosser . 
  i agree , i wish the eu well without the uk , it just was n't for us . 
   all the uk did was obstruct . 
  i think you will find we were the pragmatists who balanced out the romantic federalists . 
  now you will be committed to one outcome , the united states of europe or greater germany if you are a realist . 
  rubbish , we want out of the eu period . 
  farage is a cunt who does not represent us . 
  i think you meant europhobe . 
  that they have . 
  calling me a child shows your immaturity and therefore your inability to grasp the realities involved . 
  true , but when you say the eu you can bet money that germany will not lose out . 
  already butthurt about brexit ? 
  the sooner we are out the better . 
  you stay and enjoy the failed project . 
  strong thinker this one . 
  thanks for the compliment but i find you a bit dim . 
  we have n't left yet , so not true . 
  bold words , is there an election coming ? 
  where is the money coming from ? 
   the british have also decided to leave the rest of the world . 
  the rest of the world is not the eu . 
   already downed opponent we are finally standing tall and free . 
   due to the `` brussels effect '' , the uk will have as much practical say in the laws it 's governed by as lichtenstein does . 
  we do n't want a say , you know ... brexit . 
  i really dread to think what horrors are being kept secret that may mean large armies are obsolete , so i hope it never happens . 
  the tech we have now is deadly compared to ww2 . 
  is europe compensating ? 
  you 're welcome to not spend this amount if you want . 
  you are , just not in nato . 
  the us could . 
   i said overspending out of fear is dumb . 
  so russian bombers flying up and down our coastline in a time of peace is no cause for concern ? 
  it 's not fear it 's preparation . 
  er ... defence , did you read the article ? 
  with the brexit , and with ukraine as motivation , one eu militairy will soon become reality . 
  good luck with the command structure and budget control , they are n't paying enough now . 
   the argument that we can never know the future and thus must constantly overspend is quite silly when you think about . 
  rubbish . 
  this is about the 2 % nato commitment not overspending . 
  why should other countries pay for your defence while you spend the money eg on infrastructure improvements that make your economy more competitive against countries that do pay the full amount . 
   defense spending is a reflection of the threat level . 
  because enemies always give 10 years warning , right ? 
  thanks . 
  mrs merkel seems to be the unofficial president of europe , she is the face of the eu . 
  nothing happens in the eu without germany 's say so . 
  it seems the lease was signed in blood going by the eu 's attitude . 
   or the uk just recently ? 
  what did we do ? 
  finally found someone who uses toilet paper at both ends . 
  calling us retards and cunts could be offensive , but not from you , you 're special . 
   so germans will be exactly as fucking reasonable as they please . 
  and the truth outs . 
  germany controls the eu and that from a finn . 
  you need to take off those eu tinted specs mate , . 
   it 's like a renter one-sidedly breaking off the contract the contract has a two year release clause , simple , it 's called article 50 . 
  the soldiers are under police command . 
  like i said , some learn through experience , not all . 
  but thanks for the reply . 
   there is no universal law , saying , that the older you got , the wiser and more informed you become . 
  for some people i agree . 
  but for others , even without the info wars , experience counts for a lot . 
  history repeats itself , even within decades , the same thing/situation gets a different name but the older folks see it for what it is and know how to vote to affect the outcome . 
  as long as both sides meet their obligations , doing things right , i 'm happy . 
   it 's an accepted view accepted where ? 
   i couldnt care if the next island over sinks into the atlantic by this stage me too , i 'm from the uk . 
  oh , is it time to mention ~ ~ eu ~ ~ german empire . 
   a 11 digit tab have you heard yourself ? 
  11 digits is fantasy land . 
  pretense ? 
  a european arrest warrant was issued . 
  are they supposed to just ignore that ? 
  he did n't say `` do n't vote leave '' he might as well have , telling the uk it would be at the back of the queue for a trade deal . 
  * the conservative party manifesto ruled out repealing or replacing the human rights act `` while the process of brexit is under way , '' * do n't celebrate just yet . 
  should be an interesting debate about the location ownership . 
   just the worst !, 
  you never know who to believe . 
  / www.theguardian.com/business/2017/jan/13/eu-negotiator-wants-special-deal-over-access-to-city-post-brexit, 
  liechtenstein tells may . 
  she must be quaking in her high heels . 
   try to consider yourself as good as we frenchs are so if i go with your logic i should claim to be better than you ? 
  what racist bullshit , i judge the person , not where they are from . 
  so rich for a racist to believe in equality or are you just spouting nonsense . 
  oh , you give a fuck , that 's nice . 
  * general elections are an internal issue , while brexit most definitely was not . 
  * no brexit was in internal issue , i do n't recall citizens in the eu or us being given a vote . 
  you do n't get to decide the future of the uk . 
   i do n't think it 's that outlandish for the us to actually clarify its position . 
  then i 'm afraid we have to differ . 
  yes it will not be easy . 
  yes manufacturing and training have been woefully under invested in over a long time , as a direct result of eu membership . 
  yes we need to find new ( old ) markets . 
  but we will be free from the franco/german or is it just the german empire now that is the eu .
