  we are henceforth known as '' you know who '' to frighten small children ... like junker . 
  i almost died laughing . '', 
  democracy is the tyranny of the majority '' . 
  please no more . 
  the eu is a franco german empire do n't delude yourself even if it appears to be benefiting germany a lot more at the moment . 
  ask yourself where the power lies and who wields it . 
  so misinformed . 
  the overbearance of the eu creates nationalism and populism . 
  people are sick of being told how to think by an increasingly inflexible eu . 
  as for fascism the uk defeated it once and will again , it has never taken root here , unlike europe . 
  * and when you 'll do , if you ever do , we 'll be ready for you * good god listen to yourself , do want a war ? 
  and your the one who attacked the british to begin with . 
  nothing to do with `` taking '' , rather you looking for any excuse to bash the uk . 
  salty . 
  parliamentary sovereignty will be restored . 
  not hard to understand . 
  seek help for those whispers . 
  there are still some of us who are decent people . 
  clearly not you . 
  any decent person would respect democracy and it was more than half , whatever half means to you , probably '' they did n't vote like me , it 's so unfair '' . 
  really , the oldest parliamentary democracy has no constitution ? 
  it 's mostly unwritten but has served us well . 
  the courts interpret it . 
  no it owns weak minds . 
  good impression of the kind of mindless europhile who ca n't take a bit of criticism that is impressed by a few shiny stars on a blue flag . 
   you do n't build the largest empire in history without racking up a body count . 
  the empire has been dead a long time , way before i was born but as a brit i somehow inherit this ? 
  how about the roman empire , if i had a clairvoyant i 'm sure i could find an italian to hate , but i do n't because it makes no sense . 
  you ca n't expect to go around insulting my country without a reply . 
  i choose not to insult yours . 
  oh dear , another hater . 
  is there a special bookshop where you buy all this garbage . 
  err the bmw makers killed many more than the british ever did . 
  at last , you reveal where you are from . 
  it 's a bit cowardly to insult a country from the shadows . 
  as for history it 's just that . 
  how far back do you want to go to find insult . 
  live in the real world . 
  ps nothing wrong with finland but if i was to open a book ( or search the web as we do these days ) i could find something . 
  but non of it relates to brexit or the current elections . 
  wtf are you talking about . 
  you really believe a hostile uk in the west and a hostile russia in the east is a good place for the eu to be ? 
  you probably do . 
  there will be no deal . 
  the commission is hell bent on that , they will turn us into an enemy . 
  enjoy your franco german empire . 
  staying in the eu is mindless . 
  it 's not a community but a franco german empire and the germans are winning . 
  try the eu commission . 
   on your door step costing you billions every year was tolerated while it was in the eu . 
  not anymore we 're leaving . 
  that 's very kind of you . 
  but we are prepared to take a hit to be free of the eu . 
  you must ask yourself why we would do this . 
  a good start might be the current attitude of the commission . 
  on the bright side we still love europeans just not the eu . 
  just junker . 
  the commission has a separate agenda . 
  the blame ? 
  we want out . 
  in denial again . 
  baaaaaad ... an eu sheep then . 
  there will be no deal . 
  the commission is hell bent on revenge for brexit . 
  so why pay . 
  look a bit closer to home for murder , genocide , torture , gas chambers and systematic looting before you judge us . 
  comprehension is understanding , you ca n't `` read '' that . 
  it is obvious there is no deal here . 
  let 's just get on with it . 
  we can be a third country , you can be third rate . 
  brussels ca n't if the uk refuses and walks away . 
  brussels is doing the demanding , but that brexit bill cash is in the uk . 
  why should we pay it to an institution which will be gone in 10 years . 
  once the uk is gone people will quickly see it as the franco german empire it always was . 
  you call us the brits like we have a hive mind . 
  we are not all the same . 
  so that 's generalisation . 
  unsubstantiated claims of murder reek of desperation . 
  the fee structure . 
  dream on , by that logic you could modify the fee structure ad infinitum . 
  you have trouble with what 's in front of your eyes . 
  how can the uk conduct negotiations through the front page of a newspaper . 
  the commission acted very badly if not childishly . 
  a bit slow are n't you . 
  we rise or fall as one . 
  how about a 2 billion unplanned demand for payment because our economy was performing better than expected . 
  i deliberately said snp flag . 
  i respect the saltire . 
  oh , sweeping generalisations and downright lies . 
  no we can not stay . 
  you wo n't like this but this is exactly the sort of eu bullying the uk has been complaining about for years . 
  it 's just laid bare because we are leaving . 
  it 's unhealthy to have a view on him . 
  putin would be proud . 
  publishing on the front page of newspapers is sensationalism not diplomacy . 
  * i doubt if anyone wants uk in eu at this point . 
  * jeez , we voted to leave the eu , not europe and speeches like barnier 's prove us right . 
  if you ca n't see it i ca n't explain it . 
  but i will try . 
  do they talk in private or negotiate through the front page of newspapers ?
