  boasting about a degree in politics shows a lack of common sense . 
  make your point , yes , just do n't try to justify it by acting superior to other posters . 
  jeez man take a breath , you do n't like us , fine that 's your perogative . 
  if there is no deal the we both go into recession . 
  ending talks is n't up to him anyway . 
  just do n't get `` racist '' do you . 
  i refuse to talk to a bigot like you . 
  thank god for that . 
  you should be ashamed of racist comments like that . 
  point taken , it wo n't be easy . 
  you know we are not all nationalistic popularists who voted to leave . 
  personally i am very happy to see the eu succeed , it 's just not for me . 
  wto rules are applicable to any applicable nation , so eu influence is not really a worry . 
  fair point about some eu produce e.g fruit and veg but they are perishable so you need a close market which kind of detracts from the argument that the cards are all in the eu 's hands . 
  as for pleb pies have you met our chavs . 
  that product is for export only . 
  i see an outbreak of mcd occurring in the future ( mad chav disease ) , it 's like bse but with lager and fights involved . 
  calling someone a clown ? 
  he only takes it personally from a brit the rest of the world is occupied by monkeys in his mind . 
  i love an intelligent conversation . 
  you ca n't provide one . 
  how dare you insult nigel . 
  he is our cunt and only we insult him . 
  in yer head mate . 
   but he does n't have much of an official role regarding brexit . 
  apart from poisoning the talks before they begin ? 
  go stand in the corner . 
   you 're going to be even more reliant on foreign trade than ever , including with the eu . 
  just depends where we spend the money then does n't it ? 
  usually the 28 produce a unanimous vote . 
  this time he won 26-2 . 
  oh he is , he pretends to be a comedian when he really is one . 
  i laugh every time he opens his mouth . 
  spying is completely illegal , that stops nobody . 
  are you getting the brexit thing at all . 
  our survival will be in our hands . 
  naughty boy . 
  in yer head mate . 
  another european it 's impossible to have an adult conversation with then . 
  i thought he was a one off . 
   eu as a whole has a trade surplus not if junker has his way with brexit , the eu will lose # 70 billion overnight if he continues to play childish games . 
  there probably are n't going to be meaningful negotiations because of that child . 
  we made his precious eu look bad by leaving he has taken the hump and will put his own agenda before the poeples of the uk and eu . 
  do you really believe mrs merkel asked him to stir the pot like this ? 
  agreed , he strikes me as very genuine . 
  we did not vote for junker , it 's your fault . 
  agreed , he ' a rampant europhile but is very genuine about it , almost infectious . 
  junker is childish spoilt brat , reminds me of sepp blatter . 
  sexist . 
  oh mate , no . 
  britain had the biggest fleet in europe , the germans rarely put to sea and when they did they were hunted and sunk , with considerable loss to both sides . 
  germany had a non aggression pact with russia which germany broke when they invaded . 
  nothing to do with us but i do pay tribute to the soviets , their losses were horrendous but still they fought on to victory . 
  agreed , brexit is a good thing . 
  as for being america 's mole , they can spy very well for themselves . 
  they even bugged merkel 's phone and she forgave them . 
  as for being free of the eu , how is that going to stop us doing `` it '' even more ? 
   all i 'm saying is that the uk is no threat to the eu . 
  agreed only a fool would start a war . 
  this child is hilarious , why did we vote him in ... oh i remember the uk did n't and he hates us for it . 
  i really worry for the eu if he is their chief negotiator . 
  keep on believing that mate . 
  verbal masturbation . 
  i support free speech but you are beyond help . 
  do n't you realise people died so we could have this discussion . 
  over and out . 
  you are beyond help . 
  fuck the politics they died for all of us . 
  we could have just left them to it . 
  hitler was happy for us to stay out of it ( for now ) . 
  we went to war under prepared and under equipped . 
  we could have used the time to arm , train and fight effectively . 
  you have no respect for those that freed europe have you and died doing it . 
  i do n't want to start a food fight here so just a bit of history . 
  britain warned germany not to invade poland just before ww2 . 
  germany did and we declared war . 
  so we do have a history of defending eastern europe with no benefit to ourselves . 
  ww2 bankrupted us . 
  it also tastes of trumps arse if i 'm being honest . 
  i 'm sick of spitting the dandruff out , it tastes of bile . 
  i think you meant we ally with our western partners and there is truth in that . 
  but do n't forget we went to war over poland so we do have history . 
  and i 'm nigel farage 's hat . 
  so who did junker call the morning after the meeting , spain ? 
  italy ? 
  poland ? 
  no germany . 
  wake up and smell the empire . 
   allies ' interests are secondary to the interests of the eu ; same attitude is to be expected from the uk . 
  so it 's ok to withdraw troops from the balkans and not defend russian aggression and put the uk first ? 
  i think not , the two go hand in hand . 
  there 's pr in propaganda . 
  keep on believing those '' official '' minutes mate . 
  every country has it 's fuckwits . 
  ours read the sun , what do yours read . 
   de gaule was right all along , brits can not be trusted , period . 
  he was a back stabbing ingrate . 
  you just hate us which is bad because if you go through life with hate , hate is all you find . 
  oh . . my . . god ... erased from the eu . 
  absolutely hilarious .
