and politicians never plan in advance or discredit / disable any potential problem before it becomes one ? 
   in the us people would already be spending some quality time in jails . 
  yes , the wrong people . 
  this reminds me of british leyland when several british motor manufacturers were nationalised under they same company . 
  the infighting and superiority complexes between eg . 
  triumph and austin led to the downfall of the company . 
  history always repeats itself . 
  it 's not as simple as that . 
  when we leave the eu there will be a skills shortage because young people were not trained in those skills due to cheaper , trained ( at no cost ) , alternatives in the eu . 
  there are many young people who should have had a trade who work in call centres or shops with little hope of improving their lot . 
  i do n't blame the immigrants , anybody would go for a better paid job if offered but i do blame the employers who exploit them and abandon the young . 
  an important part about development of the tornado was a commitment to purchase it by the developing nations . 
  without enough buyers it wo n't get made . 
   one shitty island we certainly know an arsehole when we see one , mate . 
  but i 'm left handed . 
  oh dear another keyboard warrior getting salty . 
  the ` random ' was to emphasize nope , you lost it . 
   you just called a random company pathetic err ... its samsung . 
  the article says so . 
  pay attention . 
  and they sell a lot here in the uk , it makes sense not to upset clients . 
  you insult me again ? 
  grow up . 
  absolutely not what i said . 
  the implication was that they used that as an excuse to not say brexit . 
  as for entitlement , look in the mirror and see who is pathetic . 
  you lost the argument when you began insulting and made it personal . 
  yes , i agree but just say so . 
  they could have gone elsewhere in the uk , what a pathetic excuse . 
  i knew there was a reason my skoda was cheaper than a vw . 
  i take your point but i feel that as this is about european defence i ca n't see the uk going off in a strop if negotiations go badly . 
  in that scenario the uk would be a military rival , not a good place to be for anybody . 
   better tanks rubbish , the german 's were far superior . 
  i do n't see why this ca n't happen , we are leaving the eu not europe . 
  did you hear about the bloke that nicked the plates off the speed camera van . 
  he put them on his car and drove past the van at high speed many times . 
  not bad for a tory . 
  my bad , i did n't realise it was that bad . 
  i do n't expect a reasonable argument from a supporter of that party . 
  crippling nhs cuts . 
  crippling social care cuts crippling local authority cuts a bedroom tax disability cuts that lead to almost 3000 suicides . 
  and all the time setting a scandalously low corporation tax . 
  you are so ready to blame the left when the right cause this . 
  yes , my apologies . 
  funny word friction . 
  the uk got accused of causing it while in the eu and now we are leaving there will still be friction . 
  we ca n't win . 
  common urban nasty toad . 
  you need faith to see it . 
  must be great to come from a country with no drunkards . 
  this is the tories , they do n't care . 
  that was a 2010 speech on his personal opinions . 
  he will be bound by current govt . 
  policy as to his remit . 
  was not aware failed economies were welcome in the eu , ... oh forgive me greece . 
  not european , but welcome , a true friend . 
  as i recall , during the falklands war , we ran short of standard nato ordinance and asked our european friends if we could buy some of their stock . 
  they refused , our people were fighting and dying and they bloody refused . 
  at the time british troops were stationed in germany to protect against the soviets and still they refused . 
  with friends like that who needs enemies . 
  the uk has stealth technology , who knew . 
  agreed , shocking . 
  sorry to hear that . 
  they should be banned and your rights as a worker guaranteed . 
  in the uk bank ( public ) holidays always fall on a week day , but i take your point . 
  you are guaranteed the time though so if you are a nurse and have to work a bank holiday you can take the day off later . 
   large maritime target certainly larger the russian one . 
  welcome to the cfp . 
  could be deliberate misinformation . 
  agreed . 
  i really do n't understand why race is a thing . 
  a child needs a loving home and parents . 
  at some point an adopted child is usually told about the adoption which again makes race irrelevant . 
  what awful discrimination . 
   the eu leadership are upset we 're even making noises about free trade deals with other countries . 
  and yet they are already moving eu agencies ? 
  no we do n't , we grate cheese . 
  unless you are dead , killed by a terrorist . 
  not sure of the eventual deal but you are dead right , the eu loves a fudge and after a year of realisation the uk will to . 
  i waited two weeks . 
  so how far should the reach of the ecj extend ? 
  as for eu benefits , how do you receive them outside the eu ? 
  that is exactly the sort of thinking that lead to brexit and will result in a no deal scenario . 
  why not give them voting rights ? 
  enshrined in a law you wo n't recognize anymore as your own law though . 
  that 's what happens when you move to a foreign country . 
  eu laws do n't apply in the us too . 
  me too , the feckers would eat them all . 
  your opinion counts . 
  no , objective and honest . 
  not an unreasonable point of view . 
  it may come to pass if we can get rid of the tories but you have to bear in mind theresa may 's perspective . 
  she has rabid anti eu mp 's in the party in significant numbers and a majority of people in the referendum who voted leave . 
  she has to be seen to listen to these groups and it makes her position almost untenable . 
  it did not . 
  it was a simple in out vote . 
  it became clear during the campaign people felt that public services were overwhelmed by mass migration . 
  the latest figures show a net migration last year of 588,000 people . 
  if we want to control immigration the only way is to leave both the single market and customs union . 
  otherwise the ecj will have jurisdiction in the uk .
