  i am referring to the actual apple devices btw , not mail servers in general . 
  i do n't think apple would want to cave in over this , as it sends a dangerous precedent , especially with the next usa government considering similar plans . 
  uk is not the be-all and end-all in terms of market-share . 
  companies like apple may ( and hopefully will ) pull out of the market if this daft legislation moves forward . 
  wonder how our wonderful legislators will check their emails then ? 
   fucking state of you . 
  the fucking stateof you for whitewashing this . 
  okay buddy , it seems i was mistaken , i originally assumed you were just a little zealous/naive and misguided , but it 's obvious you just want a good shouting match and/or a rant . 
  it 's reddit , so i am sure you can find like minded people and writhe around in a cozy echochamber , just not with me . 
   when you defend it , your support is inferred . 
  that right there is a textbook mistake in debate and understanding issues . 
  does the term ` devils advocate ' even mean anything to you ? 
   jo cox would still be alive but for this campaign the guy who killed her was affiliated with neo-nazis , a complete loose cannon . 
   suspect 's links to far-right extremism were a `` priority line of inquiry '' in the search for a motive from the west yorkshire police statement . 
  see a trend here ... let me highlight your false assumptions  shame on you for whitewashing it and for protecting this vile campaign . 
  * i did not support and do not protect the leave campaign , nice assumption there . 
  merely pointing out that the super-majority of leave voters are not responsible for implicitly promoting murder . 
  * i am not whitewashing , obviously the referendum and elements of the leave campaign have fostered increased xenophobia , but it is totally illogical to solely lay the blame of jo cox 's murder on their door ( and 52 % of the voting population at that ), 
   the jo cox reference was in incredibly poor taste as well . 
  more than poor taste , a totally ethically bankrupt argument . 
  / u/theworldcrimeleague - holds a binary , narrowminded , simplistic world view if they seriously conflate the tragic murder of a mp by a deranged , fringe britain first man with a history of crime and mental illness with the leave campaign as a whole . 
  such extremist/abolitionist views just degrade any sort of debate and amplify the already rupturing schism that is taking eu/us politics by storm . 
  such regressives just feed the rise of the far-right , while similar views on the right are giving more ammunition to the loons on the radical far left . 
  i should clarify , they have been spending more resources and effort on propaganda to promote terror attacks ( although the attacks themselves are generally decentralized ) . 
  isis have awakened the beast for many dissatisfied western muslims , so from this point forward i do n't believe that the success of failure of isis as an organisation will have much impact , i.e the attacks are indeed here to stay until massive integration reform is successful ( which i do n't believe to be possible in the current climate ) . 
  worldwide terror attacks are really high atm , we seem to be about 5x the average in [ the past three years ] ( https://www.start.umd.edu/gtd/search/browseby.aspx?category=date ) , and i think the fear is more of these attacks will be directed at europe . 
  while it is true terror in europe has dropped dramatically since the 70s/80s , there has been a definite uptick since 2015 , and with isis losing more territory and growing more desperate , i doubt we will have seen the end of this volatile period . 
   the number one reason was ( supposedly ) `` sovereignty '' yeah , supposedly is the key word , tbh immigration felt like the main leave argument almost up until the end where there was a shift to sovereignty and economics . 
   secondly , there 's rumors of a 7 yr brake on immigration true , but i think a lot of nations would be against it , i mean heck the majority of people in this sub seem to be against it . 
  i think the eu establishment is sick of the uk and has been for a fairly long time . 
  i just ca n't see how any government can expect to keep their jobs if they go for an eea style deal . 
  in the end of the day the majority of leave voters wanted control of immigration , something that a vanilla eea style deal does not offer . 
  seems like it would be very politically damaging for the conservatives to go down that route , but ... if the ukip continues to slide in support in the interim then they may be able to take the hit . 
  yeah , i wo n't deny that there are many areas where woman are respected and can speak out , obviously there are moderate/secular areas across the region . 
  i still believe that repression towards women is overall an endemic problem in the region as a whole , meaning that the average woman will encounter highly regressive discrimination/repression through-out her life in the majority of areas . 
  because western culture did systematically discriminate against women , but we gradually stopped , starting 100 + years ago , first via laws , then by culture and attitudes . 
  i am not convinced some arabic/middle-eastern countries have even began the process , actually due to rising islamism many are regressing ( egypt , tunisia , afghanistan , iraq ? , syria , libya ), 
  in syria/middle-east generally a woman would never dare argue or talk back to a man . 
  i wonder if these refugees were ` reeducated ' that in the west a woman talking back to a man is actually permissible . 
  and imo such custom made guns will only get easier to make in the future with 3d printing and other such technologies . 
  i really think gun-control is only one side of this problem , bullying , isolationism and mental health are key components and they never seem to get as much attention . 
  surely a deactivated theater gun would require additional components to reactivate for combat readiness ? 
  unless the replacement components were hand machined in germany ? 
  there are tons of deactivated or display guns in europe , even in the uk which has stricter gun laws than germany . 
  i suppose with the right skills any weapon could be reactivated . 
  the man who murdered the mp jo cox had apparently built a custom gun , with the aid of gun-making manuals . 
  no doubt the politicians will race to blame the internet and tor for this attack , but in the end of the day organised arms smuggling and insufficient border checks are more to blame . 
  ca n't buy a gun from tor unless there is one to sell . 
  perhaps , but this still surprises me . 
  gun smuggling has been a huge problem in europe now for a while now , with countries like belgium becoming market hubs , but i have not heard much on how they plan to stem that problem , which is how the recent terrorists have been arming themselves with kalashnikovs etc. 
   it was critical to understand how the gunman had gained access to the pistol used , he said . 
  they do n't even know how he gained access and already they want to push through gun policy changes ?? 
  reactionism much ? 
  surely it is as likely that schengen-based gun running was how this gun came into germany ? 
  turkey is now split ( permanently ? ), 
  into four/five camps , * hardline islamists ( many fighting in syria , committing atrocities , basically rural/border tribes / isis supporters/sympathizers . 
  * authoritarian islamists ( akp , majority , on the rise ) * moderate islamists ( g\u00fclenists , more moderate but stronger global ambitions and a cult-like leadership structure ) * secularists ( fastly waning minority , many have already left turkey , and the others will probably be persecuted pretty hard in this purge ) * kurds ( religiously moderate , persecuted , minority of militant seperatists that have no qualms targeting civilians ) i do n't think enough unified moderates are left to remove erdogan . 
  his roots are deeply embeded in the military now , the last balance-check on islamism . 
  uk government is both hilarious and totally incompetent at anything to do with the internet . 
  this type of ridiculous policy malarkey is nothing new sadly . 
  i think there is a national security and stability argument for keeping the overall agricultural community healthy , it 's not great to be a massive net-importer of food products , but it still seems illogical why the subsidies are so high and so much goes the the dairy industry . 
  dairy products are very inefficient from a water/c02 perspective and are generally not fantastic for human health either + they have a huge impact of bio-diversity . 
  i do wonder how this will turn out , obviously ( sickly ) the far-right want this to be islamic/immigration related terrorist attack and the far-left/regressives want it to be a far-right hate/racism/terror attack based around breivik 's ideology . 
  i suspect he idolized breivik more because of his effectiveness and not his motivations , but time will tell . 
   he also owned a stash of literature about shooting rampages , including a book entitled `` rampage in head : why students kill . '', 
  should definitely set off alarm bells . 
  sounds like he was a deranged , distraught young lad that wanted an ` out ' that would be remembered , sort of similar to many school and revenge shootings in the us and elsewhere . 
  also remember that the 2014 sydney siege attacker was a shia iranian refugee , who converted to sunni islam shortly before committing the attacks . 
  he had a history of mental illness but his attacks were clearly religiously motivated and he pledged himself to isis . 
  iran is a top 5 state sponsor of terrorism and has played both sides in the past to further their objectives . 
  they also ( officially ) practice a highly fundamental form of shia islam . 
  i come from a region that was ravaged for 30 + years with terrorism . 
  you can not extend solidarity , unity and friendship to people who live in separate and parallel communities , because you have no contact with them . 
  true integration and reform of islam are the two things that are key to solving this endemic problem , and i do n't think such a world view is out of the ordinary or extreme in any way . 
   now is the time where we have to show our best side . 
  solidarity , friendship and unity . 
  then we win against the terrorists sorry but this alone will just not work vs a doomsday cult and the terrorists it inspires . 
  this is a clash of ideology , culture and religion , and peace will only come with true integration . 
  still better to get him alive and find his accomplices ( there will probably be a fair few ) . 
  although if there is even a 1 % chance of civilian deaths , gun them down , negotiation does not work with these people . 
  i wish there was a center-left political party that took a more responsible view on multiculturalism and mass-immigration . 
  until we see them i do n't think much will change as most people do n't want far-right parties running their countries . 
   some media reports suggest the family was targeted for being too lightly dressed hmmm , think i can guess where this will be going ... 
  does not seem to be a lone-wolf terror attack however . 
  eu ( spain ) may very well veto scotland 's application for eu membership if they go down the unilateral road to independence . 
  they need to get uk ( parliamentary ) consent for a referendum in order to secure a future eu membership bid . 
   there was a turnout of 72.7 % though , which is relatively high . 
  i think voter fatigue will make the next turnout lower . 
  in the uk low turnout generally favors the center/right parties ( older voters ) , is the same trend true in austria ? 
  do the greens rely on high young turnout ? 
  not necessarily true , non-eu countries can implement [ the data protection directive ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/data_protection_directive ) to comply with this eu regulation . 
  corbyn is very pro-migration where as that demographic of people is pretty much the polar opposite . 
  corbyn 's opposition to the eu falls more in line with the traditional left 's opposition , ie . 
  lack of accountability and a preference for separatist sentiments and devolved power , in addition to generally opposing trade deals and economic protectionism . 
  100 % true , but labour has been hemorrhaging supporters to the alt-right/ukip for years now . 
  process started under blair/brown , accelerated under millband and now seems to be peaking under corbyn . 
  first past the post makes re-altering the political landscape very very hard - if the uk had a proportional system i am sure we would see a huge change on the ground . 
  about 70 % of labour supporters voted remain , about the same as the liberal democrats and only ~ 5 % less than the greens . 
   syrian society looks much , much more western than for example 1992 poland or bulgaria urban metropolitan syrian society ttfy, 
  the northern ireland public have shown time and time again that they will stick to tribalism and elect the two same parties .
