british tried that in northern ireland . 
  it 's a short term solution - the people being searched and detained become even more radical and disenfranchised over time . 
  it probably depends a lot on the particular shelter - syrian refugees are decently educated for their regional standards and do come from a semi-moderate sufi governed country ... where as many moderate iraqis and afghans probably emigrated from their homeland decades ago . 
  and then there are the north africans who have a 40 % first year delinquency rate . 
  some would say isis are fighting for their freedom ... from a point of view, 
  the loyalist terrorists were amateurs , but far more psychopathically brutal, 
  for now ... 
  but honestly with the way things are i think there is more far right terrorism to come . 
  just another day of the regressive left . 
  to them everything is a privilege tier system . 
  could this be wahhabism/salafism indoctrination . 
  do these saudi sponsored sects have a large base in denmark ? 
  [ wikipedia says no , but do n't know how accurate/updated the sources are ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_mosques_in_scandinavia#denmark ), 
  interesting - i wonder if their will be violence and squabbling over the new accommodation - obviously france is not going to build enough for all of them . 
  is there not more like 10,000 people in the camps and surrounding area ? 
  [ 6000 in october ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-34562209 ), 
  they were not directly meant to support the conclusion of the third - only to illustrate how subjective and difficult such a thing is to judge ... possibly even impossible for any sort of public consensus on the matter - which is why we should mostly try to present the history by the facts imo and leave judgement for the individual . 
  elizabeth committed pretty brutal acts of persecution . 
  victoria presided and maintained the colonial era at the height on it 's power - and can be seen as the very symbol of british imperialism . 
  i think it is pretty difficult to accurately judge if they stood up in their own times or not . 
  people should be educated on the wrongs all our historical figures committed - but i do n't think we need to erase public traces of them . 
  i mean could we not just add an additional plaque to his statue stating the criticisms and wrongs he committed ? 
  the thing is a work of art after all and we generally do n't remove artistic works because of who or what they represent . 
  i think the problem is how far do we take this revisionism - when do we stop ? 
  most historical figures do not fully stand up to present day western ethical and moral standards - but we ca n't erase symbols to them all . 
  what about previous kings and queens , churchill etc ? 
  most people in power have been pretty brutal , probably more so than the common people of the time . 
  this line of action would pretty much be [ the sunk cost fallacy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sunk_costs#loss_aversion_and_the_sunk_cost_fallacy ) but on a national scale, 
   or that germany could even accept more ( 18 % ) lol ? 
  really , even after 1.3 million . 
  a lot of people do n't even stop to consider the logistics it seems, 
  i really hope that is a translation error - because such a statement is just totally unforgivable in this day and age . 
   we have to figure out how this is seen from foreigners ' perspective as well obviously they have no perspective . 
  the do n't care for our laws or equality and think of these women as property and delinquents who are ` asking for it ' . 
  what a travesty . 
  if they do germany 's gender demographic will be irrecoverably skewed for decades . 
  perfect catalyst for future unrest . 
  immigrant integration has already failed if this is indeed merkel 's great plan, 
  they are now creating a new gender demographic crisis in doing so, 
  i think you are indeed correct that culture is the main cause , but religion does play a large issue in this case and ca n't be underestimated . 
  islamic society is highly sexually repressed compared to the west , and compounds an already large culture shock . 
  it can be difficult to separate culture from islam as the two are closely entwined . 
  turkey up until recently was much more secular than north africa/me, 
  i do n't get this logic . 
  with non-assimilation multiculturalism ( sadly most often the european way it seems when you combine muslims from africa and the me with the current magnitude of immigration ) , these north africans literally live in a cultural vacuum compared to ethnic germans and other integrated communities , so blaming men in general for misogynistic violence is just absurd . 
  by extension of this german male culture is likely to have literally no bearing on north african immigrant male culture . 
  it 's like they either just do n't see the problem or just do n't care . 
  from the guardian  barbara steffens , the minister for emancipation in the north rhine westphalia ( nrw ) government , said the new year 's eve incident was `` the tip of a very unpleasant iceberg '' . 
  she called for a `` larger societal condemnation of a male abuse of power '' . 
  sounds like something from tumblr . 
  it is pc to not look at/skip over the huge cultural differences that exist between the west and the middle east when examining immigration policy . 
  the middle east and north africa has huge issues with sexual repression/gender inequality/sexual assault/misogamy . 
  without significant assimilation and integration policies many of these people pose a significant risk when suddenly introduced to liberal western european society . 
  it may be `` politically incorrect '' to say the above but it 's a lot closer to the truth than what many eu politicians have been peddling . 
  and you can not have assimilation/integration with mass immigration on this scale . 
  it 's simply impossible . 
  what you will have is segregation and ghetoisation . 
  interesting how it seems they are gon na go full steam ahead with victim blaming , rather that risk questioning their impractical illogical idealistic mass immigration pc world view . 
   from some pov 's the earth is round , lizard people did 9/11 and the moon landings are a hoax . 
  it does n't mean we should take those points seriously or that they are beyond ridicule or contempt . 
  absolutely with this - but i do n't think opinions can be made illegal and classified as hate speech unless they are actively trying to strip safety and/or liberty away from those they are targeting or are directly trying to cause large scale social unrest . 
  they should be tried in the court of public opinion - but not in the courts . 
  in essence what i am saying is i believe that lgbt rights and true free speech are 100 % compatible - but it seems a trend nowdays that people gravitate towards the absolutism arguments on each side . 
  no i do not consider it a life choice , but from a christian/religious fundamentalist pov it is , i.e. 
  they consider a homosexual act an active choice , and from a literal point of view i suppose it is , as is all sexual activity from a purely semantics perspective . 
  the thing is , with current free speech laws in the uk ( which is somewhere in-between usa and frances implementations from what i can tell ) , this has worked out perfectly well as far as lgbt acceptance goes . 
  i mean probably only a small and declining minority of people actually believe that homosexuality is an abomination nowadays , which to me suggests that the john stuart mill definition of free speech is working pretty well , with the antiquated and bigoted views generally sinking to the bottom of society . 
  on another note , saying homosexuality is an abomination does not really seem to fit the bill of hate speech . 
  it 's making a pretty disgusting statement , but it is not calling for active discrimination or any sort of repercussions to lgbt people , especially as it is referring mainly to the act of homosexuality , not individuals . 
  people should be legally able to call out cultures/lifestyles that they do not like or support ( and this certainly goes both ways ( speaking as an agnostic ) ), 
  interesting , i was beginning to suspect that the english reporting sites were somewhat sensationalizing the legislation - thanks for the clarification . 
   there are far more people starving themselves for the podium than force feeding themselves ... 
  i would certainly not dispute that , but i still think that good legislation should always attempt to deal with the uncommon scenarios, 
   i mean , it 's the same logic that goes into making builders wear crash hats or driver 's wear seat belts . 
  i have no problem with it . 
  is it not more like forcing builders to produce health-check evidence that they are physically capable of the work at hand ? 
  your above example is about physical accessories , the legislation is about fitness and health . 
  this seems more like the health regulation checks that pilots have to regularly get ( although less intensive ) . 
  the only specific references to bmi that i can find are :  `` in the end , parliamentarians agreed to let doctors make the call on whether a model was too thin , taking into account a range of criteria , including age , gender and body shape . . '' from this wording it sounds like the doctors will only make the call on models being to thin , it does not mention overweight . 
  most news sites are reporting the same thing , so it sounds like in practice this will be partially applied only to thin/highly underweight models . 
   because almost no company uses obese models . 
  still feels unethical to limit the law to anorexic models but not to obese ones ( despite the rarity ) . 
  surely the law should enshrine fairness and make a point of condoning and also illustrating the negative health consequences of both extremes , even in the statistically rare cases ? 
  it 's pretty scary that they let these people in first before they can complete any comprehensive detailed background investigations . 
  most of these people on average lack a western standard education , have at best broken literacy and will struggle significantly to speak the languages of their new countries . 
  how good do they think/do they expect their job prospects will be ? 
  realistically i would expect their job prospects to be almost non-existent . 
  what do they really expect in the west/what misinformation have they been sold and where does it originate from ? 
   among its proposals is the repeal of a legal requirement for most state schools to hold daily acts of collective worship that are wholly or mainly of a christian character . 
  non-christian faith schools are permitted to choose their own form of worship . 
  `` the arguments in favour of retaining compulsory christian worship in uk schools are no longer ... convincing , '' the report says , according to draft seen by the observer . 
  instead the commission endorses an inclusive `` time for reflection '' , embracing children of all and no faiths . 
  a ban on all mandatory/opt-out worship would be better tbh . 
  make it a purely opt in , i.e extra time in the playground vs worship - i wonder how many kids will choose the later . 
  first encryption , now crypto-currency . 
  seems the eu only wants to go after the easy targets , rather than nefarious foreign funding + oil that probably accounts for 99 % of all funding . 
  leave my dogecoin alone . 
  unification of ireland would probably by terrible for the roi tbh from a medium-short term economic perspective . 
  the # 6 billion per year block grant would need to be substituted ( which would be # 48 billion alone over 8 years ) . 
  not to mention social unrest etc etc.
