  they give us net neutrality , this startup initiative and break up monopolies like microsoft 's default browser setup , and then we get right to be forgotten , the cookie law bs and these draconian leaked copyright proposals and talk of a digital passport . 
  yeah i think safe zones are a viable option . 
  we can help a vastly higher % of people in these warzones in their own countries than in europe ( order of magnitudes higher ) . 
  safe zone would require getting russia on-board in addition to eu/us . 
  not an easy task . 
  well yeah that is true , but no serious statistician or policy advocate would/should use such sampling manipulation . 
   black people who have died at the hands of police in this country black people die in this country in custody at the same % rate as other ethnicities . 
  not many people die in police custody in the uk overall . 
  blm focusing of this ` statistic ' makes no sense . 
  unapproved protests are one thing , infrastructure disruption is another . 
  hope they get the book thrown at them . 
  yep , seems there will be no punitive actions against the politicians and civil servants that were involved in negotiating this deal in the first place . 
  i suppose the consequence is that ireland will be less attractive to multinational corporations , but it still feels like there is a lack of individual and governmental accountability in this ruling . 
  anyone remember the talk of re-purposing old east-germany apartment blocks to rehouse these migrants/refugees ? 
  banlieue/rosengard v2 if ever i saw it . 
  apple were not the only ones making these deals . 
  it takes two to negotiate a tax deal . 
  this reminds me a lot of the shambolic tax committee sessions the uk had with google and amazon . 
  they only addressed one side of the problem and deflected the blame unto the corporations when 50 % of the problem is the conniving politicians and civil servants that enable this cheating . 
  so , irish politicians and accountants set up a system to enable apple to exploit the global tax system , and the end result is apple gets billed and ireland gets paid ? 
  is a side to this equation that is not being held accountable ? 
  what about the politicians and government that created this loophole ? 
  correct the record has spent 6 million + on influencing online opinion . 
  google has been actively curating results about the latest us election . 
  social media accounts linked to the dnc leaks were suspended the days after the leaks came out . 
  the censorship and manipulation is absolutely coming from many sides . 
  eu nations have every right to refuse muslim migrants if taking them in will introduce significant security/financial and integration problems ( it will ) . 
  pretty much every eu country is struggling with existing ghettoized/un-integrated mena subsections of society , it does not make sense to compound the problem . 
  and to think french politicians were talking about attracting brexit affected tech companies from london . 
  they can keep dreaming with legislation like this in the pipeline . 
  these fences are not a long term solution , they have a devastating effect on the natural wildlife migration between borders . 
  europe needs to stop the migration at the external borders . 
  `` in many branches of islam '', 
  doing a great job france/hollande . 
  keep it up , these are just the people you need illegally squatting in your lands . 
   in germany , many publishers opted to waive the charge in order to still appear on the search engine 's news results after suffering big drops in traffic . 
  wish france/germany & uk would leave the internet alone . 
  i wonder if we are seeing a resurgence in this desperate old-media protectionism . 
  inept and incompetent politicians like hollande give the nationalist right more fuel than ` nationalist trends ', 
  high corporation tax is actually somewhat regressive and penalises local companies . 
  the current system benefits the largest international corporations that pay almost zero-corptax by aggressive tax avoidance measures . 
  imo the only solution is for all countries to clamp down on the large corporation 's abuse of the system , but i doubt that will ever happen . 
   she has received tweets that tell her muslims have `` had enough time here '' , are `` not integrated enough '' and are `` threatening our way of life '' . 
  i do n't think there is anything wrong with the second opinion . 
  i wonder if such a statement can now be defined as ` islamophobic ', 
  i think the eu/schechen could be in a lot of danger . 
  if turkey moves closer to russia , and the eu tries to play hardball , they could easily relax their borders and send hundreds of thousands more migrants into europe . 
  many eu contries have cut their foreign-aid , which could cause large numbers of refugees from lebanon to pour into turkey and then eu over the next decade . 
  combine this with russian funding for far-right parties and rising general tensions , and europe could easily lurch to the hard-right for a decade . 
  printed media have always leaned to the right , not tv news media . 
  bbc and itv lean slightly left of center , sky lean center or slightly right . 
  when i hear him referenced it is usually always in terms of him being a textbook case of far right terrorism , especially when his first insanity defense was overturned . 
  there is one thing i will never understand about the strategy of nationalist politics . 
  why do they push the irish republic/nationalistic angle so hard . 
  they must realise that they do n't need to win over the nationalists , they need to win over moderate unionists , and sinn fein has done a totally rubbish attempt at this . 
  naming parks after republican terrorists , appointing ex ira special advisers , forcing gaelic language down everyone 's throat . 
  they campaign like the roi will consume ni , why do n't they push the join unification angle , i.e that it 's not ni joining the republic but the two states merging ? 
  seems like a more logical pathway to eventual unification . 
  the blockchain separates transactions from a cryptocurrency wallet to an exchange . 
  in order to do what you are suggesting a wallet would need to be reworked to package some sort of encrypted key-message to every transaction made to and from the exchange ( via the blockchain ) . 
  in theory it might be possible , but a lot of work . 
  exchanges would not be happy , and non eu exchanges would be unlikely to comply . 
  the simpler option would be for eu exchanges to implement stricter identity requirements for fiat withdrawls , but that would not affect sending bitcoin to the exchanges , only exchanging for euro etc. 
   digital currency exchanges and wallet providers operating in europe will most likely have to abide by the reformed amld and force eu users to register with their real information so that fius could track down individuals behind suspicious operations . 
  this part is totally unworkable , wallets are opensource and their is no way they will comply with this requirement . 
  a third party would need to develop this new wallet , and users could just ignore it and trade on the many international exchanges . 
  this would destroy the marketshare of exchanges like kraken that have many american and asian customers in addition to europeans . 
  i do n't think these proposals ( they are incredibly vague ) could ever work . 
  i think the eu is dreaming on this one . 
  bitcoin and altcoin wallets are open-source however . 
  not many people will download and install an anti-privacy wallet . 
  such a database sounds insanely expensive to run , matching bitcoin wallets/identities to the users is no trivial task . 
  not to mention there are alt-currencies that are entirely designed around 100 % anonymity . 
  one way the eu could attempt to do this is by working with banks so that when cryptocurrency users cash out into fiat they get tracked that way , but not all of these exchanges are in the eu so this dragnet approach will only encapsulate a minority . 
  not to mention it will likely just make more people cash in and out via open market sites like localbitcoins , which will likely refuse to track users . 
  this just sounds like a huge headache and expense for very little gain . 
  i know the eu has a bit of a hardon for financial regulation ( not always a bad thing ) but bitcoin is a relatively low volume currency and is probably not used much for money-laundering . 
  the flouting/failure of these regulations will lead to a lot of deaths . 
  diesel emissions are particularly hazardous for human health . 
  blood on their damned hands . 
  how the fuck does someone who previously tried to join isis only 2 ? 
  years ago have any judicially-authorized leave . 
  incompetence, 
  apparently crowds of them have already attacked restaurants and shops they associated with pro-coup turks . 
  have not heard much about any arrests . 
  one can only hope . 
  there are a lot of pro-akp turks in western europe . 
  they may * also receive political funding from turkey . 
  i am sure he can engineer crowds of angry akp supporters to turn up on their doorsteps . 
   `` western europe is safer now than it has been for decades and is far safer than most other parts of the world , '' said dr adrian gallagher , associate professor in international security at leeds university . 
  yeah i mean you ca n't argue with the facts , terrorism related deaths are down from the peaks of the 80s , but i think their is a lot to be deeply concerned about . 
  the 80s terror attacks were mainly two demographics : * attacks by separatist terrorists ( eta , ira ) * airline attacks ( airline security is much stricter now ) the new wave attacks are somewhat different : * they do n't have an immediate political motive ( prisoner releases , independence etc. . ) but rather are purely driven by an ideology ( both religious and geo-political ) . 
  this marks them out from the earlier attacks ( they are targeting the west in general , not one state ) . 
  * they are spread more evenly across europe and are not linked to any local specific conflict , and are being committed by a wide range of nationalities * they exclusively target random , high density civilian targets , purely for maximum damage and chaos * they are mostly lone-wolf or small-pack attacks , in theory without the degree of community support and sympathy of earlier separatist attacks ( not 100 % convinced on this however ) * my opinion , but changing a hybrid political/religious ideology is going to be much more difficult than dealing with seperatists, 
  it was the norm in northern ireland for decades . 
  not something i would wish upon anyone . 
  nahh , if they are sent to a prison with many other muslims they will form gangs and end up [ radicalizing ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-32194671 ) many of them , this is what happens often in london . 
   strasburger suggested the government 's position could , `` in theory '' make the next version of the apple iphone illegal in the uk i mean yes in theory end-to-end wo n't effect general web encryption or that of the actual devices , but a lot of reports suggest this legislation is very vague and encompassing . 
  it could in theory hamper other forms of encryption . 
  obviously i have not read the full bill , but i find it 's contents deeply concerning and may set a precedent in the western world .
