  it has a consistent export surplus violating european laws and yet it has n't been sanctioned for it . 
  it imposed sanctions on russia , causing billions of euros of loss among european nations and yet it 's still building the north stream , again , breaking the law it imposes on others . 
  all of these informations are of public domain . 
  that 's not bending the rules . 
  those are the laws of ireland , that happens to have pretty low taxes . 
   come to think about it , m5s went clearly above 20 % only due to di maio and his moderateness yes you 're probably right . 
  yes he uses quite strong words , not that i think that 's bad . 
  but that 's probably bad for his party since most italians are moderate and do n't quite like the `` vaffanculo '' . 
  i believe he 's a mix of right and left wing politics , probably leaning more to the left as you said . 
   i know , i 'm just trying to give some perspective on your rather ... pessimistic view on the greek situation . 
  if you think greece is truly that bad the world outside of europe must seem like a living nightmare to you . 
  ahahah :-) i agree that i might be using some strong words to convey my ideas . 
  however it 's true that greece had quite high standards of living and now it 's been seriously struggling for quite some time . 
  i never said that every country outside europe is a living nightmare , but economic data says that all eu countries enjoy ( enjoyed ? ), 
  some of the highest living conditions in the world . 
  of course there are many others : switzerland , canada , singapore , australia , hong kong etc. 
  where did i say that ? 
  i do n't care about the us system , i 'm fine with whichever system you like the most for your own country . 
  if you like private healthcare or not it 's fine either way . 
  i was n't talking about the usa at all , i was talking about greece . 
  the us system is not something i would take as a positive example , at least in a european perspective . 
  i 'm sure americans like it and i 'm fine with that , but i prefer ours . 
  i did n't say it was destroyed to the point of wwii , that was another frase . 
  the funny thing is that they were depicting the same apocalyptic scenarios about the uk decision to keep their own currency . 
  they said it would have destroyed the economy and so forth , now they 're trying to scare the uk into staying inside the eu using the same means . 
   yes , they may 've returned faster to growth , but do n't kid yourself , it would be from a much lower base . 
  just take a look at island . 
  that 's * exactly * what they did and see the results . 
  3 % gdp growth the following year and everything else doing great . 
  do n't be fooled by the catastrophic scenarios they were depicting , because those are already there . 
  the same applied to italy immediately after wwii when we were forced to use a foreign currency ( a lira printed by the usa ) and it destroyed our economy . 
  it was only after we coined our own that italy grew into an economic super power . 
  this is basic macroeconomics , there are plenty of examples in history but somehow they are not given the right visibility in the press . 
  you need to do a little research . 
  this . 
  they 're not going to get any better by listening to clowns like varoufakis who 's bearing a huge responsibility for their current situation . 
  i would be deeply ashamed if i were varoufakis - i would n't be teaching anybody on economy or finances . 
  actually if you take a look at what happened , varoufakis had nothing to do with it . 
  he resigned and the government did just * the opposite * of what varoufakis suggested . 
  the crisis of greece goes way beyond him . 
  he actually stayed in charge for only 7 months and is not even a syriza member anymore . 
  the current situation has nothing to do with him . 
  it actually is similar to the one of italy , even though we are not on the same level of trouble . 
  i do n't know about romania , greece is doing worse however . 
  i mean as a country , it had a higher developmental level than romania which unfortunately is still trying to fix the heritage of the communist era . 
  now greece is doing worse than it did before , while romania is getting better . 
  mathematically speaking , the trend is negative for greece and positive for romania . 
   but i guess you do n't want to compare yourselves with `` that shithole '' . 
  also you say yourselves as if i were greek , i 'm italian . 
  no i do n't think romania is a shithole , it actually has a much better justice system than italy and lower crime levels . 
   you still have services like hospitals , public transportation and a functioning economy despite all of its problems . 
  i do n't know if you really believe this or if you just want to prove your point . 
  please go take a look at the requirements needed to be treated by a doctor in today 's greece . 
  do n't just take my word for it , see who can actually have medical attention . 
  public transportation : right now they are discussing the sell of pretty much everything public to foreign powers , including athens subway system . 
  it will be just like they did with * all * the airports of greece , where they 've been acquired by foreign countries without any kind of transparency whatsoever . 
  functioning economy : this has to be joke . 
  let me tell you this : i do n't know if the famine was better or worse , i did n't want to insult ireland in any way as you might have thought . 
  my point was that the greek situation is tragic and it saddens me that very little of that is actually shown on the press , usually spreading misinformation . 
  no i 'm not being sarcastic . 
  probably you are ill informed if you are not aware of the tragedy greece is in now . 
  people with cancer left to die without morphine because the health care has been destroyed , hiv rates increased exponentially since hiv infection is a way of receiving the little money they need to survive . 
  death rates now in greece are similar to those immediately post wwii . 
  the resemblance to a famine is really there . 
  well , he 's right on this one . 
   then again it 's europe , democracy left this place a while ago , it 's 19th century aristocracy all over again here . 
  yep , i agree on this one . 
   should the agreement plan submitted by the european commission , the european central bank and the international monetary fund to the eurogroup of 25 june 2015 , and comprised of two parts which make up their joint proposal , be accepted ? 
  this is exactly what they were called to answer . 
  it was that easy . 
  the government was then clear that voting no would have meant for them to probably go back to the previous currency and withstand all the consequences , good and bad . 
  they just ignored the result . 
   if they think that they should not have agreed to the bail-out terms and proceeded to go bankrupt . 
  actually that 's exactly what they voted for in the referendum . 
  too bad the government * ignored * the result and proceeded against the country 's will . 
  did you not see that salvini wants to reinstate it ? 
  he 's going to propose a law to the parliament . 
  actually , even though it was phrased somewhat badly , it is true , that 's exactly what operation triton is for . 
  navies from different european countries patrol to save refugees from outside 12 miles of the coast of north africa . 
  that is just outside territorial seas . 
  italian navy is a big player but many other countries are contributing . 
  on a side note , you are romanian i think ? 
  i like how eastern europeans still freely express their opinion without all that politically correctness bullshit , even if i might not agree with you . 
  ** stereotype mode off **  they would gang on her and rape her to death maybe , do you want this to happen to your women ? 
  yes you have a point , but as i said before i think highly motivated women can be as useful as men , maybe doing something men are not very good at . 
  well if you let in just the women who actually * want * to be in the army , probably they are strongly motivated to do their best , and even if they are not as physically strong as men they can be very useful . 
  motivation can be a strong power . 
  yes the second point actually makes sense . 
  are n't most romanians christians ? 
  or is there a big muslim community ? 
   the only reason why the french economy is so big was a ) france was the 2nd biggest empire in the world and b ) there was huge economic growth after ww2 . 
  well this is kind of an oversimplification , you 're just stating 2 facts but it does n't explain * how * it became a superpower . 
   there is very little growth now and wages have stagnated , with only a 0.3 growth and a 0.1 decrease in consumer spending this is true . 
  and it 's a relatively recent problem , however france abandoned dirigisme quite some time ago , it 's becoming more and more liberal , so the current situation is n't ( fully ? ), 
  explained by dirigisme . 
  there are other factors in the picture . 
  yes it has of restrictions . 
  there 's a term for the political economy of france and it was called * dirigisme * . 
  however it seems that it worked fine for them being one of the superpowers and the second most powerful economy in europe . 
  it is one of the countries with quite high taxes but and extremely developed welfare system and up until 2001 the 1st health care system in world according to [ who ] ( http://www.who.int/healthinfo/paper30.pdf ) .
