  it ca n't be reformed . 
  i wish but we do n't have the balls like you with brexit , most people ( sheeple ) in italy are all for europe not realizing that it 's doing more harm than good . 
  by the way i studied what you guys did before the creation of euro , you looked at the data after ems destroyed your accounts like in italy , and you opted out . 
  unfortunately we did n't have wise politicians like you did back then . 
  and there was the same scare mongering for the uk , they predicted apocalyptic scenarios because you wanted to keep the pound , it was the opposite actually ... 
  keep believing that if you like . 
  yeah i know that ... :-), 
  and we were just fine . 
  we had a growth of 4 % during the 80s in only one year and you know how much it is now ? 
  3 % in a total of ** 16 years ** of euro currency . 
  we had the greatest home ownership rate , every one could afford to buy a house , now it 's not possible . 
  i 'd like to remind you that we became a g8 superpower in those years from the ruins of ww2 , now we 're going back economically speaking . 
  and by the way it 's not true that it worked only by devaluing our currency , there are much more variables involved . 
  i do n't know if you 're just trolling or you really like the idea . 
  the result is that bruxelles will have even more power , and this means that some states , the ones with the most influence , will be treated better , the other ones , like greece , italy will be treated like garbage . 
  and it shows : nobody cares about the million of illegal migrants coming to italy , we 've been left completely alone to deal with huge levels of criminality because the other states , germany , france and the other ones refuse to act on the same treaties they signed about the redistribution of refugees . 
  germany keeps ignoring the limits on export surplus and it 's never been fined . 
  the big states have always a double standard . 
  i could go on but i 'll just stop here because it 's going ot . 
   you underestimate how many imported goods people buy . 
  all of which would get much more expensive . 
  this is a great stimulus to internal production , local economy and also to export more goods . 
  it is widely discussed in economics books . 
   t is widely assumed that it would lead to recession by economists . 
  long-term you might be better off , but short term you certainly wo n't . 
  it is absolutely not . 
  nobel prize winner joseph stiglitz has been quite eloquent on the subject and he pinpointed that most of our country 's economic problems are due to an exceptionally strong currency . 
  i lived through both lira and euros , and i experienced first hand the loss of purchasing power upon entering the eurozone . 
  it is also true that we might suffer a little short term , and you 've been honest saying that long term we will be better off . 
   i do care because the economies of the current day are very interconnected . 
  if you struggle , it will create problems for other countries as well . 
  this is true , and it 's truer even now : germany is doing great and damaging other economies meanwhile . 
  it 's been doing only its interests , and if you do n't realize this , you might as well experience the fall of european union . 
  i believe brexit and all the populist movements are largely due to the extremely selfish policies of some countries . 
   if something like the united states of europe will happen . 
  oh my god i sure hope they will not try to do something like that !, 
  i did n't want to be so blunt , but you said it !, 
   enjoy your savings being wiped out in a matter of months they will be reduced to the real value of lira , which is estimated to be 30 % to 50 % less than the current value of euro . 
  it does n't really matter if you 're buying local products though . 
   and an even more severe recession then . 
  this is wrong . 
  i would love to fully explain it but it 's actually a pretty long explanation , so i 'll just pass . 
  anyway why do you care ? 
  you 're german , this is about italy . 
  ahahah lol we 're still waiting for your response and you did n't reply . 
  personally i hope italy will finally decide to go back to lira , i would vote for the party that supports the idea . 
  actually in many cases it 's the tourists , they found them through cameras . 
  in my village an italian tourist has been fined something like 5000 $ . 
  they do it because in many places you have waste sorting where you need to properly divide biological waste from glass , metal etc. 
  many tourists do n't want to be bothered with that and throw it around . 
  yes it is , but it 's not an everyday food . 
  it 's more of a special treat that you eat once in while . 
  you wo n't find it in main cities though , you 'll have to ask a local farmer . 
  i bet they 're pretty happy because they are the post ww2 jews . 
  sorry jews , nobody cares about you anymore , now it 's all about muslims . 
   what was that big manifestation for `` the family '' in rome then ? 
  democracy . 
  everyone is allowed his own opinion whether you like it or not . 
  and by the way those same groups are present even in the most progressive countries such as the uk . 
  we have a law for civil unions of gay people and straight people as well . 
  this is ridiculous , many romanians are not very accepting of gay people , to use an euphemism , while in italy nobody really cares if you 're gay or not . 
  this is completely misleading . 
   that 's some bad history right there . 
  i guess all the money that i payed with taxes and got sent to your island got wasted and did n't get invested into schools . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  are you really being serious ? 
   either way , i 'll educate you . 
  the concept of italy has been floating around since roman times . 
  it 's obvious that the retarded farmer had no idea what the fuck italy was because he was not educated . 
  hell , a farmer from turin probably did n't even know what milan was ( is it a food ? 
  an animal ? 
  who knows ) . 
  please do n't be a troll and do n't pretend you did n't understand what i wrote just for the sake of criticizing it . 
  the concept of modern italy is very recent , and this is a fact , if you argue that italy has been around of quite some time , well that 's true as it 's also a geographical region , the same way europe is . 
  did you have a bad day ? 
  i do n't even know if this comment was meant to have a some kind of a content in it or was just supposed to be a useless rant that adds nothing to the discussion . 
   piamonte and napoli considered themselves `` italian '' before unification , right ? 
  `` italiannes '' is a rara avis anyway because it is such an old , old , ooooold sentiment . 
  no they did n't at all , there was no italy before , this is history . 
  now they do ( not all of them ) , but most italians are quite fond with their local culture . 
  your comment is so full with assumptions , semi-truths and plain wrong things that i 'll just leave it here . 
  there is no italian-ness and actually that 's a matter of study and it seems that the reason lies in the fact that italy was born very recently as an artificial union of different states , each one with one or more different languages and different cultures . 
  as you know italian language , which might be considered the real italian-ness is actually derived from tuscan language and upon unification was imposed on all the other newly created regions . 
  the only thing that really unites italians all together is during football matches . 
   that does not happen in italy . 
  it does n't happen for anything in italy , but it 's a just a feature of italians , we do n't complain , go on strike united like the french or the spaniards , it 's not just about the regional thing . 
  we 've been having some of the worst politicians of the western world and yet no one really complains , i mean , we complain a lot but we do n't take it to street . 
  we had berlusconi , the last 3 were unelected governments which were matter of national importance so for regional things is even worse . 
  by the way , even during fascism with mussolini local languages were frowned upon , but i guess that 's a feature of most dictatorships . 
  did i just trigger catalonia ? 
   as far as i know in italy there are no `` home nations '' , excluding the handful of greek towns in the south and a few others , apart from sardinia . 
  anyway here you 're being entirely wrong my friend , because italy is one of the youngest states in the eu , and up to 50 years ago everyone in his own region spoke the local language . 
  you can still find many elders who do n't do n't speak well italian . 
  we have 12 minority languages recognized by unesco , and that 's without counting the dialects . 
  you forget that modern italy exists for a little more than 150 years , previously being several different states with their own language , culture and system . 
  despite the name , our regions were actually independent states . 
  well of course as a foreigner i do n't have the right , nor i want to , to tell you what 's best for you guys !, 
  but coming from a region of italy where we have a similar problem in terms of a unique culture , i am a bit envious of how your state handles the matter . 
  that 's because the state is directly discouraging the use of local languages such as sardinian and it created the idea that local cultures and languages are synonymous with poor uneducated people . 
  there 's a stigma attached and the result is that our language is in danger of extinction , and to a slightly lesser extent the local culture as well .
