  a little known fact is that those street criminals are despised by romanians too , and they cause them lots of problems back in romania , but yes i agree that there are some problems with some people from east europe , in italy we know something about that ... 
  anyway , we have our fair share of gypsies , i believe much more than germany . 
  not the migrants who go to germany to work , he meant the other ones . 
   i beg to disagree . 
  lega nord is the same old thing , they supported 20 years of berlusconi for christ 's stake , most of them would love to be in a coalition with parisi . 
  salvini is the exception , he 's different from the rest of them ( i do n't know whether that 's a good thing ) well i would n't trust them with my vote that 's for sure , my point was that their current ideas seem to contrast with the current economical status quo . 
  and yes i know about their alliance with berlusconi , which is ironic being that at the beginning lega was absolutely against him . 
   i beg to disagree on euro being a bad thing as well . 
  i disagree with you on this one . 
   the difference between si and lega or m5s ( although they have loosened up their position before the brexit referendum ) is that the former sees exit from euro as a last resort which everyone in the eu should have to agree on and who wants to change the eu from within while the latter have much more vague stances and positions well at the beginning m5s had a clear stance * against * it , their current position is that there has to be a referendum to decide whether or not to keep it . 
  euro is a huge part of the economic problems of italy and other countries as well , and ems before that . 
   atleast here in germany , the afd is the most neo-liberal it is ? 
  i did n't know that , being that it 's critical of europe i thought the opposite . 
  anyway ukip for instance . 
  well lega is critical of the current european situation , of the euro and also about the old guard i recently heard one of the speeches of bossi in 98 ( i know i know i do n't like him either , but what he said was right nonetheless ) where he predicted how european neoliberalism and the adoption of the euro could be the ruin of many european countries economically speaking . 
  that 's something similar to what i hear from si-sel and m5s . 
  the main difference is about the different take they have on immigration , social matters ( gay rights ) but i think that on the * core * of what really matters they share a lot . 
  i believe that lega , si-sel and m5s have much more in common that they would ever admit . 
  personally i think that it 's a waste that they do n't organise themselves together to get to the government , but that 's just a pet dream of mine . 
  :-) also probably running together for the elections would make them lose half of their electorate unfortunately . 
  i do n't follow them much , but i 'm pretty sure the they are not liberal since the beginning in the 90s . 
  you know why they are not voting for them ? 
  it 's because they are not really organised yet , if they meticulously prepare a political program with a credible national candidate they will get a lot of votes . 
  also i believe many people are fed up with pd , but there 's not a viable right wing alternative so far . 
  ok i was not talking about casapound , but lega nord , front national in france and left wing sel and m5s have all similar ideas in economics that oppose the current neo-liberalism . 
  so as you can see extreme right wing and extreme left wing are similar in that matter . 
  usually those are the more extreme parties , who share similar ideas to extreme left wing parties . 
  so i 'm not talking about `` mainstream '' right wing . 
   otherwise you end up with only more liberalism oh god we 've had enough of that already . 
  but you know , many newer right wing parties do n't like neo-liberalism . 
   somehow i trust a director of the world health organization more than you , no offence well if you take the time to actually * read * what i wrote you will see that i 'm saying the same thing , but whatever . 
   yeah they are nazis , that 's what we were talking about right ? 
  i know little about golden dawn , just what the press tells us , that they are basically new nazis . 
  comparing them to a generic right wing party is not only inaccurate but also ignorant . 
  anyway i see your point of view , mine differs from yours , i 'm just going to end it here . 
   the president is making up shit about the refugees , like saying they are bearers of parasites and will cause epidemics , something that is directly refuted by the who . 
  yes i know what he said , a bunch of bullshit to scare the people . 
  there 's a truth to that however , go read what i said in my previous [ comment ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/59afi9/xenophobic_authoritarian_and_generous_on_welfare/d972kdp/ ) about it . 
   except our # 3 political party is national socialist in its ideology . 
  so while i wish it was a thing of the past , reality proves otherwise . 
  if you are talking about golden dawn , that 's not right wing , that 's on the extreme spectrum . 
  the same applies if you talk about extreme left wing where they advocate the return of communism and other silly ideas . 
   that is literally the definition of xenophobic . 
  you are talking about a bunch of people in greece , i was talking about a political party and the default labels applied to it . 
   more importantly , if you read the guardian 's article , you would read the justification for these accusations , something you have not addressed . 
  i 've read it and i do n't think they 're being xenophobes , and i think this term is being abused nowadays that nazism is a thing of the past , that was an example of xenophobia , not a political party who tries to control its borders and put a stop to an uncontrollable mass migration . 
  yes they are being blunt about it instead of feeding the poles the usual politically correct crap , they are taking matters into their own hands and solving them peacefully . 
  i already explained it . 
  i think it 's mostly the press trying to discredit anything right wing by accusing them of being the same thing over and over again : xenophobes , racists , fascists , populists . 
  i 'm just going to paste what i said earlier :  so refusing to take in tens of thousands of unidentified people means being xenophobic to you ? 
  being in control of your borders does n't mean you 're being `` racist '' , it means you 're being rational . 
  just go back and read my other posts to know my point of view . 
   now , in the spoken english language , when you say `` live with it '' you do n't actually mean `` live with it '' . 
  if you take it literally , that phrase means nothing . 
  what it means is `` deal with it '' or rather `` accept it '' . 
  i 'm sorry , english is not my first language , yes i meant `` deal with it '' . 
  and i stand by that , the people have spoken . 
  of course you can criticise them and call them xenophobes if you want , you can even call them nazis for that matter . 
  and i 'm going to reply and give you my opinion on why you 're being wrong . 
  i think this is a very good news , given this specific situation we 're in europe , in another situation i might have agreed that it was a problem . 
   so what is your argument , that a government can not be xenophobic , authoritarian and populist because the people voted for them ? 
   no that 's not what i said . 
  i said that those terms are used for right wing parties , in this case the government party . 
   i mean you seem to be using democracy as a counter-argument here . 
  i think you 're misreading what i 'm saying . 
   are we not allowed to question democratic choices ? 
  of course you can , that 's what you 're doing in fact , we 're having a discussion . 
  good for them !, 
   sorry , the vermin quote was wrong , he did say however that they bring illness : well it 's true , it 's simple biology , every country has its own diseases that may not be present in other countries or lands . 
  for instance i live in sardinia where we have a viral pig disease that forbid us to export our pig meat to the rest of italy , also in italy we have other diseases that other countries do n't have and the opposite is also true . 
  in italy we had many cases of malaria and scabies among the refugees , that 's why the rescuers in italy always ** must ** wear gloves and masks to avoid the spreading of diseases . 
  of course he was being an idiot for using that argument to scare the people , the problem is not that , diseases are curable or treatable in europe 's health care systems , rescued people are being treated in the hospitals , nobody is left to die , neither migrants nor locals . 
  a single person blabbing insults does not define an entire party , or the millions of people who vote for it . 
  i said * usually * , anyway my compliments for scouring the internet and finding just what you wanted to find . 
  hell if i search well enough i will find a doctor who says that vaccines are bad for you . 
  however that does n't change the fact that usually those labels are applied by the left wing , unsurprisingly , this is common knowledge . 
  no i made a mistake , not the ovp specifically . 
  but the general trend remains to describe pretty much every right wing party as such . 
  yes , usually right wing newspapers do n't describe them as such , so if you 'd like to have a broader view you might take a look at more press of different political parties . 
  that 's what i do , i read both left and right wing press . 
   berlusconi was a populist . 
  he was an idiot that should have gone to jail a few times and that made your country a laughing stock . 
  yes he was an idiot i agree with you on that . 
   nobody has called the ovp a populist party . 
   there in france maybe ( although i doubt that ) , here in italy they spared no words for describing them populist and xenophobic . 
   and they 've never been called populists in any real context . 
  i hope you 're joking . 
  so refusing to take in tens of thousands of unidentified people means being xenophobic to you ? 
  being in control of your borders does n't mean you 're being `` racist '' , it means you 're being rational . 
  also about the constitution , the are trying to do it in italy too ( the left wing ) , the monti government changed an article without a referendum and i do n't see anyone calling them populist or authoritarian for that matter . 
  well , i heard this term also for austrian right wing party , and all the italian right wing and pretty much everything right wing . 
  yes they just did n't like right wing parties so they decided to * change * the meaning of populism to fit the hatred they had towards them . 
  this is not only despicable because many people like these ideas , but also intellectually dishonest because they are attributing other meanings such as : * xenophobic , if they oppose unregulated mass migration * authoritarian , if they try to make new reforms, 
  this is what the guardian or other left wing media are saying , it 's part of a smearing campaign , they are not speaking some kind of universal undisputable truth . 
  and in fact many people do n't agree with them . 
  definition of populism from wikipedia :  populism is a political ideology that holds that virtuous citizens are mistreated by a small circle of elites , who can be overthrown if the people recognize the danger and work together . 
  populism depicts elites as trampling on the rights , values , and voice of the legitimate people . 
  i do n't see a negative meaning to it , quite the opposite . 
  now there 's been an abuse of this term lately where virtually * all * right wing parties are described as * populist * , with a negative connotation to it , which is laughable in my opinion . 
  but yes , if it makes you feel better you can use this term and define them populist .
