  it is unfortunate that many people do n't get this . 
  they really think it is a favour we 're doing to you when it actually is the opposite you 're doing to deustche bank and other european banks . 
  the debt , if anyone cares to take a look at the real data , skyrocketed the moment we joined the euro currency , so we had zero economical growth coupled with cuts to the welfare system and a great increase of the public debt . 
  no they did n't . 
  again , this is just ill informed people spreading post-factual information on the internet : the m5s was pretty clear that all that chemtrail and vaccination bullshit is * not * in their political program and those were just individual positions of some members . 
  well renzi did plenty of those , he inherited that style from berlusconi , apparently it was n't enough though . 
  it did n't . 
  it was just a scare tactic to convince people to vote yes . 
  well everyone knows that in europe . 
   to be fair , they may be happy to have the central government weakened , and more powers ceded to the eu i certainly am not !, 
  the eu has plenty of power , too much , and i believe that 's why many people are becoming euroskeptics since they see this extranational entity with huge power deciding for you . 
   it 's currently hard for any pm to get anything done in italy . 
  it 's not . 
  all the reforms he wanted to make , he successfully made . 
  for instance he changed the work law with the job act , the fiscal system etc. 
  the problem is not that it 's difficult to do things , but apparently it 's difficult to do the * right * thing . 
  the origin of words maybe , but it changed a lot from latin and it 's arguably the romance language that changed the most overall , especially phonetically wise . 
   that 's a bit crazy if i understand it correctly , do you mean to say that romanian just borrowed latin words , but kept the case system from another language , not from vulgar latin ? 
  i actually took the time to look it up , and it appears that the case system * was * inherited from latin . 
  well i already knew that , anyone who takes time to actually look at the data and understands maths would realize it . 
   well , latin is an indo-european language . 
   indo-european languages is a set of different languages , to which latin belongs . 
  the case system is also present in german that does n't derive from latin . 
  it is also wrong to say that it 's derived from latin , not even italian nor spanish or french are derived from latin , they derive from another language called vulgar . 
  the language that is similar to latin the most is [ sardinian language ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sardinian_language ) , and especially the pronunciation that retained the * pronuncia classica * of latin . 
  i know there are a few words in common between sardinia and romanian such as * frate * , * limba * , * limbutu * but has been strongly influenced by other languages and the pronunciation is nothing like other romance languages . 
  it 's not accurate , other sources talk about 20 % ( wikipedia ) to 30 % . 
  it 's also been changed a lot , since historically detached its connection early from the other romance languages . 
  here 's an excerpt from wikipedia :  romanian has had a greater share of foreign influence than some other romance languages such as italian in terms of vocabulary and other aspects . 
  one such study was done by italian-american linguist mario pei in 1949 , which analyzed the differentiation degree of languages in comparison to their inheritance language ( in the case of romance languages to latin comparing phonology , inflection , discourse , syntax , vocabulary , and intonation ) revealed the following percentages ( the higher the percentage , the greater the distance from latin ) : [ 80 ]  * sardinian : 8 % ; * italian : 12 % ; * spanish : 20 % ; * romanian : 23.5 % ; * occitan : 25 % ; * portuguese : 31 % ; * french : 44 % . 
  ... says the one who eats rotten shark, 
  i 'm happy to hear that in romania roma people are well integrated . 
  in italy i have yet to meet a roma worker , i know plenty of romanian workers , none of them are gypsies . 
  i 'll tell you more , they get free housing , benefits etc. 
  and they are well known to cause criminality problems , those are the officials statistics you ca n't argue with those . 
  they are the main group to illegally occupy private houses since they know italian law : in italy a pregnant woman or a woman with a minor * can not * be put in jail in most circumstances , and they take advantage of that . 
  yes it has , for the better !, 
  well , if they refuse work as a mean to support themselves this comes to no surprise . 
  yes , many centuries ago . 
  all the religions had the time to evolve , and they did , except islam . 
   so you agree that it 's not the century-old book that matters , it 's what people make with it ? 
  that is a rule for the catholic religion . 
  it does n't apply to muslims . 
  and in fact many interpret it the way they want , treating their women like garbage , even worse the homosexuals e doing all that terrorist thing . 
  this does n't mean of course that all muslims are like that , luckily many are quite respectable and peaceful people . 
  but it should be acknowledged that there is a problem and it is widespread . 
  that 's the first step for solving a problem , admit it exists . 
   some of you christians i 'm an atheist . 
   there are more christian religions than the catholics . 
  and it does n't matter what the catholic church says , what matters ist that the book itself is equally stupid . 
  and yet you do n't see groups of christians ( nor hindus , buddhists or whatever ) acting on those lines , i wonder why ...  most of this was a widespread belief in our countries 50 years ago . 
  and yes , they would be prosecuted . 
  you are * very * ill informed , because there is an epidemic of such cases here in italy , and everyone who reads something other than `` the guardian '' knows it . 
   just to name one example : breivik . 
  a mentally ill person . 
  one in hundreds of millions , while on the other end the problem is widespread and out of control . 
  just take a look at france , many of those people were even nationalized . 
  anyway i 'll stop here , you go on if you want . 
   i think it is not really that complicated . 
  britain owns gibraltar . 
  this is your stance on the matter , and spain disagrees with you . 
  i think you 're british right ? 
  well i consider britons reasonable people and yet here you apply the old fashioned two standards : a big no-no for russia , and a `` of course gibraltar is ours '' . 
  please take the time to read the history of crimea from 1900 . 
  you might change your mind . 
   anyway , i get that you are not strongly invested in this issue , so cheers !, 
  you 're right on this one , i 'm not . 
  and of course everyone knows what spain did in the americas back then , no need keep a history lesson . 
  you should both admit the spain and the uk have been the bad guys throughout history . 
   the bible is full of weird shit . 
  it does n't matter what is written , it matters what people make of it . 
   nope . 
  the catholic religion explicitly says that any given person * can not * read and interpret the bible any way he wants , that is the job of the pope and the priests . 
  that 's why the pope says that the garden of eden , creationism are all metaphors and the folks should only take the official interpretation of the bible . 
   thing is : if someone actually utters this in public or even takes action , they will face charges . 
  no they wo n't , and in fact , even though terrorists are only a small minority , other behaviors are the norm , such as considering females as inferior beings , beating a wife is accepted procedure by most muslims , public hate of homosexuals etc. 
  as you can see terrorism is only a fraction of the problems . 
   it is n't . 
  this claim has been debunked so often it 's not even funny anymore . 
  you are misinterpreting the data because it 's exactly like that . 
   it does n't . 
  what you argue for is assimilation . 
  they are perfectly free to stick with their customs as long as they do not do us any harm . 
  if someone wants to knee on a rug and pray towards mekka , it is n't any different to a guy sitting in a church . 
  they shall abandon customs that are incompatible with our society , they shall learn our language and work with and within our society . 
  i can see that there is no use to keep on discussing this topic , you clearly made your mind and it 's fine to me . 
  i made an educated opinion on the topic , yours seems to be dictated by ideals only . 
   it was ceded to britain in a treaty it was ceded after being previously stolen and no , i 'm not suggesting that spain should have it back , nor the opposite . 
  i 'm being neutral on it . 
  i believe these are extremely complex situations where the solution in many cases is not very simple . 
  i was just highlighting the irony of a former imperialist country , the uk , who criticized russia for the crimea case while just a few years back stole countries everywhere in the world . 
  which were never moroccan to begin with , and were in the hands of the roman empire . 
   a secular government should n't discriminate based on religion . . 
  i believe a lot of religions are compatible i used to firmly believe that too , especially when i was still a student . 
  then i took the time to actually read the quran and guess what : there are * hundreds * of lines where it explicitly says that `` infidels '' * must * be killed , their hands chopped and so forth . 
  this is unacceptable , i if were to say the same towards any other group i would be in jail , and yet we keep repeating ourselves that it 's fine , it 's just a religion . 
  yes , it is a religion , and historically speaking in the name of religions millions of people have been killed . 
  now luckily christianity and the other main religions evolved and stopped that nonsensical `` convert them all or kill them !! '' . 
  islam has not , and while it is true that not all muslims are terrorists , it is also true that 100 % of terrorists are muslims . 
  so no , it should be not accepted and the law should be changed accordingly .
