  it only fuels the retarted way the political system in greece works . 
  cyprus is part of ourself that was never given back to us . 
  additionally if you look at differences from past elections , the socialist democrats didnt get more voters since 2010 . the moderate just lost their voters to sd . 
  i see , thanks !, 
  i asked because over here the 1st party gets 50 seats bonus and it made me curious if it is in swe aswell . 
  i meant seats , not ministers . 
  perspective, 
  the right will make a goverment if they get with sd . 
  the left cant make one with 153 seats . 
  i read they need 175 seats ... but if you exclude the sd you get left with 300 seats almost equally divided by the left and the right ... the following week will see a historic alliance for sweden , because i dont see the left making a goverment with 156 mps ( despite the previous one being 173 mps ), 
  fist ? 
  not a penis ? 
  i am disapoint t_t, 
  is there a bonus of mps for the 1st party ? 
  i think for now , if the sd gets a voice in the parliament , it wont be that bad . 
  the 10 % percent of the swe people shows that they want the immigration to be addressed now and the sd will push for that . 
  but if they manage to create a conservative alliance with christian democrats + moderate , then rip sweden . 
  ( if i understand the situation ), 
  i dont speak french . 
  i get only the fist . 
  i feel like it says something more . . 
  pretty funny :d . offended by `` bad olive oil '', 
  if you look at the difference from the previous election , all the moderaterna voters went to the sd, 
  the thing about voting for such parties , is not so much because you like them , but because you dislike anyone else . 
  ( i didnt vote for the greek equivalent ), 
  interesting ... one would have thought that scotland 's would be kinda less ... 
  brittany is the little penis that exceeds in the top left of france , and the people there have always been ... revolutionary ... some history sources state that the french revolution started from these people and for completely different motives ... 
  switzerland says hello, 
  there is no actual communist party in sweden ? 
  or it is illegalised and they are in disguise ? 
  good thing we have the greek guy on it now at the comission / s, 
  would the meps ever vote for something based on the country they are from rather than their party ? 
  ( that would give germany a majority in the ep , and it is also a good explanation as to why turkey didnt join ), 
  everything we purchase over here is german, 
  correct, 
  damn it erdogan !, 
  the americans have invested too much so they can prove that there can be a theocratic islamist democracy for the middle east ( turkey model ) . 
  dont blow anything up !, 
  cyprus ? 
  we 've noticed, 
  i have a question . 
  dont countries agree to give away some territories of theirs to europe , so they cant leave ? 
  how 's that gon na work with scotland ? 
  there goes america 's model of muslim democracy . 
  too bad for the turks in western turkey : /, 
  well , france is arming everyone right now anyway, 
  i was being serious, 
  are the casino money any good ? 
  you remind me my country ... : /, 
  i am greek i understand the negatives of having weak links using your currency ... ... . . on point , i wasnt talking only about currency , i refering to the dificutlies that uk would face letting scots go, 
  what if they create a treaty like the commonwealth , just for the 4 countries of britain ? 
  ya , that 's a city, 
  well ... that 's an improvement from the religious genocides, 
  second try : http://cdn01.am.infobae.com/adjuntos/163/imagenes/010/109/0010109703.jpg, 
  does it really matter ? 
  i am chill :p what made you think i am not :o ... and as much i dont like the aggression that happened at early 1920s , i think the name would be gone with the first kemal-like goverment . 
  well ... even the word istanbul derives from greek so i think the best solution would be for us to call it what the people then called it : the city ( \u0397 \u03a0\u03cc\u03bb\u03b7 ) . 
  when on the same time , if you translate the `` istanbul '' part of constantinbul and the `` constantinople '' part , you end up with the word : constantinople ( weirdly enough , you proposed me to call it the greek name :p ), 
  there is only one thrace really ... i can speak for the greek part , that it has its fair share of muslim-turkish people and i am sure even after the population trade ( vomit ) in the early 1920s the variety is in every part of thrace . 
  although i hate when people make arguments like that ( reddit people do it a lot ) , i agree that the turkish part is bigger and has * that * big city that i dont want to mention the name for the cause of our kindness to eachother . 
  imo that 's not a bad way to think ... it 's an improvement from the central european mentality of 1800s ( and a lot later ) of going to war if the people dont like the goverment . 
  excluding americans , the most recent one i can remember is thatcher . 
  the option to catalonia shows that yes ? 
  that face doesnt want to be seen on reddit aswell :p, 
  he could have used the pedo-hollande aswell :p, 
  east thrace :p we still call thrace our part :p, 
  i see . 
  interesting point . 
  thanks, 
  the communism in albania is mostly atheism based ? 
  not like russian communism where is anti-imperialism ? 
  i knew about the muslim numbers , but i had no idea about the catholics :o, 
  arent they orthodox ? 
  you dont ask greeks about their opinion on russians on early summer ... 
  wtf is wrong with them ? 
  do they want the people to vote for politicians that will vote in parliaments for war ? 
  people dont downvote cause you disagree , he makes a good point to discuss . 
  also it is the main reason students want to study abroad . 
  it will most certainly help federalise the labour markets for the european youth . 
  welp . 
  didnt even google it, 
  too bad they are gon na be met with the putin-lover stereotype in the west, 
   there are no winners in war my 4th grade teacher on the war on iraq by bush jr. 
  is there a european comparative mean to measure the value of degrees from unis ? 
  more like due to the huge ** h - u - g - e ** number of russian tourists visiting our country the previous year and this year up until now . 
  to think , they russians surpassed the germans , when in greece we had them as the `` default '' tourists . 
  sry for bed englando, 
  nice . 
  thanks !, 
  that 's a cool site you linked . 
  how trustworthy is it ? 
  then i suppose i am severly uninformed . 
  ye you just have to stand tall and say : one high paying job please . 
  ah , thanks . 
  i know what seasonal work is . 
  how does seasonal adjustment affect unemployed rate ? 
  what ; s seasonal adjusted ? 
  i was talking about the sub-sentece before `` or '', 
  i mentioned brasil with this in mind : get a high paying job there and you are set . 
  same with countries like thailand ( i think ) .
