  norway & denmark be like : blyat !, 
  albania is not slavic ? 
  north germany ? 
  wtf . . 
  maybe i am . 
  ( serious ), 
  gypsies have no papers . 
  they are not your usual illegal imigrants . 
  you can arrest those and even send them to their country . 
  the gypsies on the other hand have absolutely no papers . 
  police or army cant touch them . 
  legally , they are not even real persons ( to an extend ) ... unfortunatelly , they use that to their advantage . 
  they travel around balkans doing all sorts of illegal bussinesses , they are involved in child traficking and other . 
  and if a solution for all the gypsies is proposed , they yell racism racism , because this solution is about all the gypsies ( you can see where they step on and complain ) . 
  to much diplomatic incident afterwards i suppose . 
  it is not on op . 
  it is not in that order . 
  just by a quick glance , that 's the impression it gave me . 
  that 's what i meant . . 
  because the way the axises are made it look as if `` poorer '' countries contribute more , when `` richer '' countries gain by the commission . 
  it caused confusion in the comments and it me personally about 5 seconds to understand it :p, 
  what 's the alternative ? 
  we could use some source : s, 
  it is a bit more complicated than that . 
  i wasnt trying to add greece into all that but whatever . 
  since you mentioned it , the turks are invading water zones and air spaces all the time in aegean ( the see between greece and turkey with all these greek islands ) to search for oil and such ( official reports ) . 
  now they are in cyprus water zone . 
  we really dont like each other i guess : /, 
  * they are too strong to not be an ally . 
  * they are in a strategic location for both middle east and russia * they are the only muslim republic close to middle east . 
  americans are using them as a role model for the middle eastern muslim arabs , that haaving a muslim republic is possible . 
  that was when erdogan was getting money and orders from americans . 
   of everyone that can only speak one language , roughly 65 % are located in the uk . 
  i dont think we should be very criticising at the uk people for that ... 
  francais !, 
  edit : i just mean that the french will not let it go that easily . . and germany is the leading power in the eu in influence so ... 
  less than having to make the argument of which language should be the chosen one :p, 
  well , people dont think all that , or react `` against '' turkey like that out of the blue . 
  erdogan ( to an extend , the media exaggerate ) , to an outsider , seems like against everything we believe in the west , and erdogan acts with the support of the majority . 
  now , the people that shittalk turkey , want to shittalk that majority , and here is the paradox : that majority probably dont have/use internet . 
  instead the turks ( like you ? ), 
  that are `` westernised '' get to be the `` victims '' of that shittalking . 
  we have to also note that this shittalking is not really that uncalled for , even though it gets heard by the wrong part of the turks . 
  `` the kurds want '' is relative a bit . 
  i got the chills watching that ... on another note : i have been living under a rock , what 's with the `` we arent always terrible '' ? 
  why would turkey fight for syrians or for kurds outside of their border ? 
  is it morally correct ? 
  yes . 
  but when you have an army , you dont just try to find half a reason to send them in.also the kurdish resistance is organised by the communist kurd party , which is responsible for terrorist attacks in turkey . 
  i am not the greatest fan of current turkey and their president , but that 's a shitty article to make us not like turkey . 
  you put out a good argument . 
  next time please dont use the : `` vilifying turkey is the in thing now ( in fact it 's always been the in thing ) '' . 
  as it turns your well put argument into shit . 
  hm . . i wasnt on topic . . i wanted to write something like `` minimum requirements '' for being called european . . . 
  we all know now where all that is gon na go, 
  yeah it is obvious that the main focus of my comment is the ancient greece and how much i want to show off for something i wasnt part of . 
  i said the political system would be based on rome or athens and dont tell that neither has influenced uk political system . 
  also the french revolution wasnt about a political system ( not one that survives to today europe ) because it concluded in an empire afaik, 
  * a civil code based on that of the french revolution and napoleon . 
  * politic system from ancient rome or ancient athens ( they are almost similar i think ) that is for the country . 
  for the person is to think in these two spectrums and have a european citizenship . 
  in the european citizenship thingy i include those countries that are basically european but not in the union ( switzerland , norway , moldova , etc ), 
  sweden has as much as germany ? 
  well . . nazi = national socialist . 
  so you can see the `` unintentional misinterpetet ( however this is worded ) '', 
  good way to tell the public that you had sex with a man once . 
  well played vitaly !, 
  hmm ... although i can see why the uk wouldnt want to do fiscal transfers , i dont see how this affects migration , since migration was a thing long before fiscal transfers happened . 
  hmm . 
  it sounded better in my language . . an example is this : they talk a lot about nation and how the nation is this and that and how much the country belongs to home-grown citizens and then ask for votes . 
  other than votes , they can also gain money through other activities . 
  how can there be a polish man that denies the holocaust ? 
  that 's what i meant . 
  actually , i was always under the impression that migration helps economically , but socially it can be bad . 
  the most usual outcome is people selling ethnicism . 
  edit : on the other hand , if you have immigrants to make the working class , your youth can go educate themselves i guess ? 
  it is a complicated matter ... 
  stupid me ( . _ . ), 
  this alliance is the enf right ? 
  anyway , one third of the parliament being eurosceptic is good for the balance . . but far right nationalistic nutjobs that bet on people 's desperation are the worst . . edit : - european national front -, 
  more like to preserve, 
  before 2009 , the average greek was making as much as the average german in terms of real income . 
  ( has to do with both the restrictive fiscal policy of germany and with the overspending of greece , i guess ), 
  after all , the pm promised ... 
  i know right ? 
  when the comments here turn on the sweden vs denmark i try to find a dark place to hide d :, 
  cool artice . 
  brb got ta go to bucharest, 
  are there that many ethnic turks in bulgaria o_o ? 
  the picture says it clear and loud . 
  a 3man it is then . 
  just remind me to say no homo after that . 
  we dont want to be one of those gay faggits, 
  hmm ... problably has to do with the fact that i havent lived elsewhere ( . _ . ), 
  is a 3man hug viable ? 
  two things : 1 ) just loving your goverment doesnt mean that they are doing a good job . 
  it just means that they fulfill your expectations . 
  2 ) in greece , the same people ( those that are hated ) are elected over and over again and they will again be elected . 
  quote me on that . 
  gynaecolog the vagina knight to the rescue .
