  they did get along . 
  well , with anyone except the brits . 
  do you even know what they are talking about, 
  ah , so this is where the straight lines in africa and america come from . 
  i would definitely want a mayor with more chins than eyebrows, 
  elafonisos , as in chania ? 
  so , what everyone is thinking . 
  either make eu a country , or just disband it . 
  yeah that eu thing has been so bad for germany, 
  albania, 
  when people ( not greeks ) ask me where are all the nazis , is that internal propaganda ? 
   greece i see propaganda is working . 
  and sheep !, 
  he does n't understand english . 
  here , let me help you : please-a nah !, 
  people from a lot of places wore that . 
  not just kurds ( i assume the kurds wore them because you mentioned them ), 
  if the violators are only passing by , the heavy border control is just a waste of money, 
  yes . 
  thats exactly what he said . 
  [ it 's like this now :\\ ^ ) ] ( https://www.google.gr/search?q=summer&amp;es_sm=122&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0cacq_auoawovchmio430wowxyaivigusch0h4whp&amp;biw=1920&amp;bih=965 ), 
  turks , knowing us since ... well , way back . 
  they have similarities definitely , but it looks as if that is because greek can be very flexible . 
  it is called greeklish . 
  it is different than what the russians do because we assume that we know english , so \u03c4\u03c1\u03ad\u03c7\u03c9 would be trexw . 
  basically the way the letters are used is tricky tbh . 
  on a first glance yes , but think that : the only way we see the latin alphabet while growing up , is the english language ( shops , city signs , tv , etc ) . 
  so we do n't confuse the pronunciation of letters with a different latin alphabet language . 
  so , in the group of latin alphabet languages , english is like a `` first '' language . 
  that is evident if you see a greek learning german ( after having learnt english ) and pronouncing the german words as if they were english . 
  so basically , if you get the grip of the latin alphabet , it is actually easier to go on and learn the language . 
  so , overall , if through all those visual things using english language ( shops , city signs , tv , etc ) , you get used to the latin alphabet , it is actually easier . 
  but that 's just a thought . 
  we have the math alphabet giving it away anyway . 
  i cant hear you over my euro, 
  you know , countries usually like a sport because they are good at it * checks flair * never mind m8, 
  it 's all van bommel 's fault ... 
  where is a mod to ask source when you need him . 
  i didnt know that . 
  thanks, 
  yes but did it fall by 0.2 % ? 
  can you elaborate please ? 
  i dont see the connection . 
   no other country has contributed so much to germany 's recovery i 'd argue turkey deserves some credit . 
  and for german is niemcy , which means mute , 
  can you explain this to me ? 
  i dont know about it, 
  nd is not the trump style i meant . 
  they dont even subscribe to any conspiracy theories smh . 
  the ones i am talking about believe in chemtrails, 
   dawn in greece completely by passing the regular trump-style party and going head on to the actual nazis ... 
  i can make one from a string , a clipper and a guillotine, 
  i think the consensus was that in the first 150 years they were pretty decent and in the last 100 years they went apeshit . 
  it 's not `` the little guy '' it 's the small state . 
  and you end up with one person 's vote counting more than the other 's . 
  but i am sure you know this better than me . 
  if you take a look at the last british elections you can see how broken that is . 
  come to greece and make your dream come true . 
  i am expecting a drunk schultz to make a funny comment, 
  3 or 4 am ? 
  27 degrees today in greece . 
  it was hotter outside than inside . 
  yeah let ; s start a shitshow when there doesnt need to be one, 
  it 's important to distinguish them and declare them guilty , but taking revenge on them is not . 
  : philipe petain . 
  if you actively hunt them you are making the conflict in society continue , if you end the hostilities it ends there . 
  the fact that if it went through parliament it might not pass , show how bad the first past the post system is . 
  how do i tell good kiwis apart in the supermarket ? 
  an absolute classic, 
  werent the two different entities ? 
  how come they united ? 
  how dare they defend against lies . 
  i clicked a few and they were all the sun and daily mail lol, 
  it just shows that extremists are dumb, 
  the poor arent gon na have any better if we stop talking about it, 
  thanks, 
  anybody knows a good documentary on the maxi trial ? 
  since when is spanish more useful than english ? 
  we all bow down to our irish overlords, 
  meanwhile in france, 
  you are assuming that people will read the article, 
  * grabs popcorn *, 
  or you read the article and stop circlejerking, 
  hey !, 
  get your own buttfuckers !, 
  we worked hard to get these, 
  more like they fuck us in the ass, 
  greece is the guy that drinks to forget that he has to pay the now huge bill, 
  proof proof ??? 
  thye just tourist, 
  eastern europe ? 
  i have seen them in greece if it counts as eastern . 
  they are used when you need to carry more than 5 people ( mostly tourists ) but less than 30 . the backpack is the luggage i think . 
  idk tbh from here he looked like thr frontman of brexit . 
  definitely the one occupying the most headlines . 
  yeah totally powerless to lead a brexit campaign . 
  yes but in the world there would be some net money to be invested in the end . 
  you buy imports , and your seller invests the money back . 
  so you have a deficit in the goods market and a surplus in the assets market . 
   also erdogan 's daughter 's husband damn,
