  we have a recognised muslim minority in greece , and have multiple mosques . 
  we coexist pretty well i would guess , since we wouldnt want to * really * harm our relationship with turkey . 
  they are treated specially , with special seats assigned to them in the parliament , special tests for afterschool education etc. 
  i think that this was done many years ago , and it is like this because in older times , christians might have not been the politest about the muslims : x. also , i dont see the situation changing ( for better or worse ) , because we christians seem to like to forget that they exist ( in a good way ) . 
  though i cant say that i dont care what the germans want , i can for sure say that they are not informed enough on the matter to have a credible opinion , so i think this survey is a little bit overrated . 
  hello there, 
  there is no way this thread can be that peaceful, 
  you are being unfair, 
  there you go, 
   some euro bills are uncomfortably large if you reach the amounts that get you to have that problem , you are fine m8 . 
  i think we are on a different page , boss, 
  no no , you are the pope in this . 
  what would lithuania gain from kaliningrad anyway ? 
  clauzelian reformation any second now ? 
   older ladies often say that a plump kid is a healthy kid we used to have that in greece with mothers in the occupation years in ww2 . 
  we call it `` occupational syndrome '' . 
  basically mothers ( and grandmothers ) feeding their kids all they can even sometimes resulting in kid obesity . 
  rofl grow up, 
  good way making the young not get married and have kids if they plan to emigrate ( assuming they * believe * him ) edit : btw i am just taking him seriously just to amuse it little bit, 
  paying our taxxes like the danish, 
  i bet she uses chrome . 
  what a pleb, 
  so we agree that pitchforking should be the plan b ? 
  on the sidebar above the mods it says `` message the moderators '' , you basically send a message to all the mods . 
  i dont diagree with what the poster claims at all . 
  i agree that the removals have been unfair . 
  but , why would he not try to message the mods for that ? 
  i think you are too harsh . 
  you can message the mods for it . 
  no reason to pitchfork . 
  also , this is probably one mod doing it without the other 's knowing it . 
  with your approach there is the danger of the mod getting defensive . 
  the uneducated/cant-speak-a - second-language/religious/conservative vote is way easier and standard to go for . 
  so , not in this millenium . 
  our tv certainely makes it look like one . 
  honestly , i havent heard of a case where we invade your airspace, 
  yeah basically in percentages ( both population and gdp ) we spent more , but in raw numbers you overwhelm us , that 's why you get to be the bully . 
  in greece it is ( used to ? ), 
  16 % of the gdp , yet employing a big part of th population . 
  and a lot of subsidies come from eu , so a lot of communities would be dead if subsidies were stopped . 
  didnt want it anyway, 
  turks . 
  'cause that 's how it has always been : /, 
   ( although tourists can be irritating ) fucking tourists man . 
  an englishman would understand , 
  dat north italy, 
  oh god . 
  you are like ... so cool dude, 
  strongly worded letter in on the way boys !, 
   what have we done to deserve him voted for him : /, 
  damn , it looks so accurate considering the time bismark lived, 
  who ? 
  to the extremism in general . 
  uncertainety and insecurity does that, 
  is that a reference to ww1 ? 
  you are right and i actually saw it coming . 
  well , there goes me trying to ask in the most polite manner i could . 
  can i ask you something else . 
  what exactly in my comment made it so people think that im a homophobe ? 
  i was always legit curious about the thouggt behind parades, 
  it said modern statehood . 
  which is vague as fuck . 
  can you tell me what you understood from that ? 
  sounds reasonable . 
  follow up question ( if you dont mind ) . 
  so basically the parade 's target is to change what people think about the people parading ? 
  what about something recent ? 
  why do people do parades for things like that ? 
  i mean , i dont give a fuck if you are gay or whatever , but why parade ? 
  \\  modern statehood \\  uk elaborate please . 
  what are baby boomers ? 
  it 's okay guys . 
  we got primary surplus to invest in broken german submarines now . 
  went there , it was a blast !, 
  my mistake then . 
  thanks for the correction . 
  it is in 2012 so i guess the decline should be about 20 % ? 
  nutella is too bitter . 
  watch out , you might be banned ... 
  a mod will ask you for source, 
  what a miracle ... 
  he literally started learning to write serbian ... i think we have the original neckbeard caricature here ... 
  his last name sounds like the emperor justinian ( \u03b9\u03bf\u03c5\u03c3\u03c4\u03b9\u03bd\u03b9\u03b1\u03bd\u03cc\u03c2 ) , but italicised, 
  that 's because this empire didnt really face middle ages as harsh as the west for the general population . 
  the people in the city were held in high regard for some reason back then . 
  he probably just wanted to make them his . 
  they called the emperor tsar because tsar means ceasar . 
  and they use the suffix grad in many cities . 
  fair enough . 
  even by sheer number of populations it is no contest, 
   the protestants have better militaries , anyway . 
  they do ? 
  every generation blames the previous one though . 
  so i got 50 % . 
  i am calling it a day . 
  how much percentage do they hold ? 
  yes you are a lazy genious born in le wrong generation , 
  we are not lazy , we are just really inefficient . 
  i got 15 years old to be able to tell the difference haha :p, 
  no shit,
