  i am greek , 20 years old , and never in my life made that comparison . 
  salaries have been dropped , unemployment still went up , and we still got inflation while the eurozone had deflation . 
  the ppp plumeted and the additional taxxes only made it worse . 
   tsipras ' sense of entitlement to the european taxpayers ' money your taxpayer money were always finding their way to greece . 
  there are a lot of roads and bridges and stuff like that with signs saying : `` 75 % funded by eu , 25 % by greek state '' also , it is not an `` attitude '' . 
  it is purely political . 
  do you really think that merkel wants to see tsipras do well ? 
  or that tsipras wants to see merkel 's plan working ? 
  dont forget that they are not seated in the eu , they are seated in their country , and in their parties . 
   without making it possible to fire state employees they actually created a `` reserve '' where they put all the state employees they wanted to fire , making them effectively jobless . 
  there is actually in the consitution an article that doesnt allow goverments to fire state employees because of some real greek happenings back in the mid 19th century ... 
  the minimum wage was cut a lot . 
  i have people working with me that work for 350 $ . 
  imo that is reasonably low . 
  i think the unemployment is because a lot of these people 's jobs were dependant on state spending , so now , naturally , these jobs just died . 
   a debt cancellation is very difficult to sell in other countries . 
  from what i can tell the debt is slowly being pushed towards the imf where it can be cancelled without a political cost ( but i could be wrong ) and that might take a few years . 
  i dont even support a debt cancellation :p also , imo , it is better to have half the workforce working minimum wage , rather than a quarter of the workforce being unemployed . 
  i would vote yes , but the program doesnt seem to be working so far , so i am not optimistic about how this program will improve . 
   in 2008 romania had to take even harsher measures than the ones you are being offered now in order to get imf money and stay alive and solvent i just want to point out that since 2010 to 2015 , we have indeed taken measures , but the problem i have is that they didnt work apparently . 
   it is not a money issue , it is a political issue . 
  your creditors are political entities with voters of their own thank you . 
   do n't let your pride and nationalism get in the way of the obvious solution to your unemployment problem honestly , i lost you there . 
  -------------------------------------------------------- okay , my turn : after the two first packets of bailout , the goverment ( tried at least ) to be as obedient as possible ( especially the samaras goverment was on all fours and asking for some troika wurst ) . 
  my problem with that : i can definitely live with less ( not because i am well off , but because i understand the gravity of the situation , and , let 's face it , we 've been overspending ) . 
  cut a big part of the ( unsustainable ) economy , i can get behind that . 
  get a surplus is a little bit extreem considering the situation , but hey , we ( kinda ) achieved that . 
  the gdp is on a free fall , but we can still live with that . 
  the real problem is the unemployment : you cant expect from a society to be reasonable at a 25 % unemployment . 
  not being able to work is tearing apart the society . 
  the expected unemployment from the bailouts was to be at most 15 % , which is managable and reasonable for a crisis . 
  i dont mind austerity ** per se ** , but the packages have been unsuccesful so far , so something is off . 
  i dont know what i will vote for yet . 
  this looks so fucking beautiful o.o, 
  i cant understand that unless i see it o.o, 
  i made 2 euros in tips yesterday , how much debt is that ? 
  it 's the northen-southern effect . 
  as time goes by , the eastern europe effect fades , and countries go to the good old north-south split . 
  look at the baltics in 5-10 years . 
   you have to close every windows to stop the heat lol wut, 
  i thought that was lichtenstein, 
  expect luxembourg . 
  these are easy fellas, 
  fuck royals , man, 
   but that wealth and chances are distributed rather unevenly some median stats always help figuring this one out . 
   we want to save greece . 
  but the greeks must want it too . 
  otherwise it wo n't work . 
  since the crisis and until january 2015 all the goverments agreed with everything from the holy trinity . 
  to say that we just dont comply , is childish . 
   1821 hey , that 's when our ancestors removed kebab, 
  communist party of greece that is . 
  czechia is really central europe !, 
  i am personally suprised . 
  it probably has to do with the fact that the capital-rest of the country split is pretty big in greece and the capital is always progressive . 
  fun fact . 
  at the document where the referendum is placed in the parliament , it doesnt have varoufakis ' signature ( among a few others of the govt ), 
  samaras is past . 
  according to nd 's article of association , if the party loses elections , elections for new leader are held . 
  ehm , he didnt really merge corporation with democracy ... basically the word - cracy is from the greek suffix - \u03ba\u03c1\u03b1\u03c4\u03ce / \u03af\u03b1 , which means `` holding/controling '' ( and demos = people ) cpt . 
  debt out, 
  i was furthering your point , 
  the eu plan works, 
   every one of his posts was in both english and french !, 
  i know good english , but what 's an attentat ? 
  i , too , like to ignore solid points and instead point to the other guy 's nationality . 
  where the fuck is crete, 
  i see this flag rarely in football stadiums held by hooligans . 
  i have no idea what is doing all the way here ... 
  you mean * prime * minister . 
  i always find it interesting how same words mean slightly different things in french and in english . 
  frontiers-borders for example . 
  if you are a post-school student ( 18-24 ) , and you go out to clubs at night , you cant be cool without smoking it feels . 
  that 's a rather over the top statement . 
  to be honest , there has never been a thing ever that has stopped refugees and economical immigrants . 
  so trying to stop them feel moot to me, 
  so you propose some sort of black-listing ? 
  exhibits please, 
  how do you do it ? 
  what magic is this, 
  it goes to pay interest rates of those debts, 
  these things are made so they cant have a tl ; dr intentionally it feels . 
  i just linked it incase someone else wants to translate it . 
  i am busy right now, 
  [ it is a law about pension and insurances ] ( http://www.poeota.gr/_download/n.3863-2010.pdf ), 
  the money dont go to salaries and benefits though, 
  indeed . 
  but some politician would complain about it only if he lost from it you know ? 
  eh , proportionally . 
  it is not like we have to project power to the south east asia, 
  absolutely . 
  the leader if their party is minister of national defense . 
  if it was in their hand , military would become like the 60s . 
  i see , thanks . 
  well , makes sense since ukip is the big loser of the current system . 
  the others are right as far as turkey goes but it is one more thing . 
  people here are very conservative and nationalistic things are so enrooted and granted that they dont even interfere with our general leftism in people . 
  having strong military and mandatory service are very valued things . 
  and football . 
  dont forget football .
