  the argentinians took it literally . 
  or so i heard well , i dont think anyone with iq more than 50 really thinks that argentina has rights on falklands . 
  it is just used for votes and propaganda inside the country . 
  does britain have ? 
  there is a stereotype that spanish people talk with `` th '' instead of `` s '' , ( thpain ) . 
  where does that stereotype come from . 
  ( it 's only for spanish people not for americans ), 
  it 's cirillic alphabet by 2 byzantines used to christianise the slavs . 
  bulgarians got it before the russians and also the bulgarian language is older than the russian . 
  also different . 
  i think they considered it very european to mix holland and netherlands up , 
  thanks, 
  then why is it called winter tyre ? 
  oh you mean this doesnt mean chains ?? 
  how does winter tyre look then ? 
  like the off-road tyre ? 
  our donald trump barely got into parliament but i guess we are a bit different, 
  uhm , did you read that ? 
  according to it , `` first '' is an adjective, 
  my bad, 
  a second of a minute is a noun ( second , minute , hour ) a second time is adjective ( first , second , third ) right ? 
  second is an adjective isnt it ? 
  so is lazy, 
  as you know , it sounded var var , not bar bar . 
  well , yes and in these cases it is `` status quo , best quo '' . 
  so you have srpska , fyrom and other abortions , but at least it is going forward . 
  well , language is not absolute is it ? 
  most ? 
  id say maybe fyrom and bosnia are candidates for `` no reason to be independent '' but then again they do have good reasons to be ... 
  well , by ancient greek definition , you either spoke greek , or barbar . 
  i think i saw an austrian with the pikelhaube , so there 's that, 
  they are not a founding member of nato . 
  they joined 1952 and nato was made 1949, 
  i thought you only had places which * were * shite . 
  so , greece sorting out its shite makes it impossible . 
  im sorry man , ottomans are the bad guys and the bad guys only, 
  i know !, 
  i meant i hoped as i was reading this chain that someone would make the comment :d, 
  wtf dude . 
  that 's two strikes . 
  you better be going crazy during carnaval, 
  do it as the english do it in 2016 : get drunk and go poke scotland . 
  i hoped someone wrote this quote, 
  i just call it the united kingdom of chelsea and ... well , not chelsea . . 
   berlusconi picture in the article yup . 
  seems right . 
  now that 's what i call moral dillema, 
  it 's a burst of laughter in order to prevent me from crying . 
  its an advanced skill . 
  you develop it over time, 
  lol, 
   rivals suggest equals ah . 
  there 's the misunderstanding . 
  i meant just `` traditionally not liking each other very much '' . 
  i 'm glad we cleared it . 
  dont you think that the mongols and the chinese were still rivals after the empire gig ? 
  why ? 
  mongols and chinese ? 
   worlds longest rivialry denmark and sweden ? 
  i had to google it : /, 
  because it 's `` development '' not `` growth '' . 
  i am not really accurate , i am just giving an easy explanation . 
  all the other countries are developed so they grow slower . 
  lol, 
  rome fell in 1453 . 
  wicksell seems only relevant to postkeynesian to me which is heterodox . 
  and i thought schumpeter was institutionalist . 
  too bad austrians are in the dumpster of economics side by side with the marxists . 
  the only good thing to come from an austrian is hayek 's price signals theory . 
  then companies will pop up only in the high price and as long as the high price is there . 
  also , i know my economics thank you very much . 
  honestly i dont think we even disagree at this point . 
  yeah the reasoning makes sense . 
  the taxi driver has to have a professional driver license , right ? 
  but i am not sure if we need all those requirements even for the taxi drivers . 
  of course the ones that have them are gon na be against removing them ... 
  there has to be a way to get you to understand what i am saying . 
  uber is the baddy bad and tries to get a monopoly by underpricing and turning in losses . 
  so far so good.now on to the monopopist stage . 
  two outcomes : dont abuse the position ( yeah right ) , stays as is , all is well . 
  abuse the position , this creates room and incentive for the next ubers , and it is not hard to create an app that already exists . 
  my only concern is if the bussiness model is better than the taxi for the worker , and tbh idk . 
  okay now . 
  which question of yours did i missunderstand, 
  wait . 
  after uber becomes the monopolist will they continue to underprice and turn in losses ? 
  because the problem is when they abuse their monopolist position , and when they do that creates room ( and incentive ) for the next company which wont work at a loss either , so no need for constant vc capital . 
  there is nothing against taxi drivers ( though the stereotype is that they are scum ) . 
  we just have a discussion because when uber drivers can offer taxi service for a dime then there is something we hadnt thought when we came up with the taxi plans . 
  nyc and la are not your average cities . 
  in greece taxi drivers work by themselves and they agree on the price ( and never print a receipt ofc ) i know rich taxi drivers . 
  i know low income taxi drivers . 
  makes no difference to the matter . 
  you will find that private monopolies dont spend much on marketing anyway . 
  the point about being for service instead of for profit is a good point in theory . 
  in practice i believe that even public companies would go for as much profit as they are pressured to turn ( though never probably to reach the level of the private ) . 
  but the biggest issue imo is the bad quality of service . 
  what makes you think that the public service wouldnt abuse the monopolist position ? 
  if they abuse their position , there will be room for a third one ( taxibeat , i can go on ) . 
  also , arent taxis abusing their monopolist position since ever ?
