  well thats why their country was setup in the first place . 
  go to work filthy colonials . 
  damn that was one big bulgaria . 
  makes sense how salty they got into the ww1, 
  back then they were city states ( until alexander and his father made an empire absorbing them ) the city state in question was [ pella ] ( https://www.google.gr/maps/place/%ce%a0%ce%ad%ce%bb%ce%bb%ce%b1+580+05/@40.7611281,22.5358892,13z/data=!4m5!3m4!1s0x1357d6e3994c1551:0x400bd2ce2b9aa90!8m2!3d40.7631212!4d22.5260925?hl=el ) . 
  even then though the fact that pella is in greece should be irrelevant . 
  the people making up alexander 's macedonia spoke greek , believed in greek gods , had greek names and hated the persians like all greeks did . 
  now , i am not the one to usually care too much about that stuff , nor i feel any particular pride or confidence thanks to other people 's accomplishments , but i hate misconceptions . 
  good thing the money are gon na go to the nhs now : ^ ), 
  haha and i read about it being some viking thing lol, 
  hmm , these tears taste familiar ... 
  many teams deserved it , but portugal deserved it more . 
  i appreciate a team with a good defence . 
  grats . 
  in greece it has been since 2012, 
  it is in true british spirit to not . 
  exactly . 
  the peace between franco prussian war and ww1 was considered big . 
  well , we fucking wrecked that multiple times . 
  hopefully you win it this time ( as much as i am not that big of a fan ), 
  itt : bad bait working . 
  sometimes my neighbours make me feel like home, 
  i had a guy in a teamspeak once tell me that the steel in south wales died because of eu ... smh, 
  yeah that eu propaganda is getting out of hand . 
  unlike the home grown one, 
  feels good to be yuropean, 
  xaxaxa let the salt flow through you caralho . 
  and dont forget that you lost twice with no ties and shit . 
  and all that home xaxaaxaxaxa, 
  true true, 
  ah good thing someone who knows his shit showed up, 
  they are almost all broken/abandoned . 
  i think they use them to put refugees there, 
  what about your sovrenta, 
  well not hostility either . 
  * ireland waits with open arms *, 
  it was well in the 30s . 
  not to mention that even to the 70s greece had problems with civil war after ww2 and then a dictatorship . 
  when the greece is broke stereotype happened , greece was ravaged by war too, 
  `` i want to leave '' . 
  is that good enough with you :p, 
   `` uk : i dont want anything to do with you '' where did you pull that from ? 
  the referendum ?? 
   uk : we do n't like the way this union is heading we are going to ~ ~ play with you from outside it ~ ~ leave . 
  ftfy . 
  the referendum was to literally leave ... and the eu wants the uncertainty with itself to be over , so uk should go through with what it decided and dont drag everyone in the shitshow this has already become . 
  for once , we can all undoubtedly be sure , that they really brought this shitstorm on themselves and the eu is merely aksing them to be professional . 
  in 2000 greece had more gdp than the rest of the balkans combined . 
  in 1950 it was probably the worst in the region though, 
  thanks for providing the facts, 
  ofc, 
  that happens when it is not elected by the majority . 
  uk : i dont want anything to do with you eu : okay then i dont want you to do anything with me you : eu treats them like scum :'(, 
  yes . 
  and to expand , if norway entered the eu when the referendum happened , these days it would too have no reason to leave . 
  moreover , if uk never joined the eu , it would be in a norway style situation, 
  there is still indpendent foreign policy for member states . 
  eu as a country doesnt have a foreign policy i think, 
  if you think this article is about norway , you are severely mistaken , 
  \u2764 to you too :d, 
  i rememeber plenty of serbian * immigrants * . 
  i went to school with a guy from republica srpska . 
  0 for greece or no data ? 
  it seems strange, 
  yeah the medium will probably be in the better i guess, 
  interesting . 
  the obvious : winning votes by giving money to the military . 
   spitted that 's a weird way to say : `` non-optional civilisation upgrade '' ^ ( disclaimer : i dont actually spit in people 's food ), 
  so you mean to tell me that those weird speaking germans were austrians ? 
  call me a pessimist , but i think that all the negatives of tv and radio will be on the internet even if they are displayed differently . 
  in the end it is on the individual to do the research , but the individual will always just look for the answer it agrees with and surround itself with people that agrees with . 
  even when thr option of actual research might be easier with the internet . 
  if anything , its gon na be worse . 
  look at the shitshow american elections have been . 
  so its rednecks from north england and wales that want out ? 
  maybe half london too, 
  well , you took it a bit out of context . 
  do you think that scottish separatists can achieve anything more ( concessions , referendum ) if they vote in the same way as the rest of the uk and a brexit happens ? 
  good guy wales . 
  letting england win so they dont feel that bad about their national team . 
  unless there are vast differences in the voting results , scottish separatists cant do shit . 
  if they voted way differently than the rest of uk , then they could make a case that scots are different enough to warrant independence . 
  to make ( maybe irrelevant ) parallel , norway and sweden , even though the outcome were on a different side of the 50 % , had similar paterns . 
  with the cities voting for eu and the countrysides voting against . 
  i think it is safe to say that scotland will vote the exact same way as the rest of britain . 
  thats my guess at least and i might aswell be wrong , 
  this and parking tickets . 
  so ... you mean to tell me that we merely adopted taxes ? 
  damn :d, 
  you merely adopted high taxes, 
  you should check out greeks and turks if you think russian hoolingans are violent . 
  i am talking clubs though . 
  the national team is more like family show, 
  its how anglos do stuff . 
  watch a parliament session . 
  its full of people trying to one up the other . 
  they try to have as big as a headline you can get . 
  its not bad , its different, 
  pretty funny stuff really . 
  i wonder how much the cds would go for that .
