i heard that he was talking with one of the potential greek pms back in 2008 ( dora mpakogianni ) through the phone , and that he doesnt generally in albania speak greek cause it would kinda hurt him politically . 
  now that i think about it , it might be crap . 
  even your pm speaks fluent greek afaik :p, 
  greece : ' 45 - ' 49 : post ww2 civil war . 
  the right wing goverment ( backed heavily by churchil ) actively hunted down communists and exiled them in makronhsos , so if you were enlisted in one of the russian-backed organisations during the ww2 , you were being prisoned/exiled . 
  ' 49 - '67 : the greek communist party was banned since 1945 but since 1949 the ex-members werent hunted down ( unless they had ties with terrorist communists ) and they were all in the socialist party . 
  the people enjoyed a growth through the mashal plan , and with the ship sales act ( 1949 , in-greece 1952 ) of the usa , the merchant fleet went through the roof . 
  the people were poor and migrated a lot in germany , usa , australia and canada . 
  67-73 : military coup , the leftists are hunted down again , and even male adult members of their families were imprisoned sometimes ( my grandfather was imprisoned as a suspect because his brother was leftist ) 73-now : junta collapses , democracy prevails , king abolished , european money start rolling in and the people started living by 1st world standard macroscopically , the cold war was a huge rise of the middle class greek from being too poor that he has to migrate , to having enough money to send 3 kids to university . 
  cs source autotrigger never forget . 
  it is not the `` main language '' because of the uk ( i suppose ), 
  this is one month old . 
  i am pretty sure you are a troll . 
  good thing you used the alt acount . 
  i am gon na reply anyway . 
  i didnt say that greeks didnt mix with the slavs . 
  the slavs that came to greece got intergrated and are greeks now . 
  so their decendants are 1/16 slavs . 
  the skopja country claim that they are the descendants of the macedonians as if they were not greeks . 
  well , newsflash : they pretty much were ethnically , linguistically , religiously ( all these things that distinct a nation ) . 
  i included the fact that these are slavs because it is the most obvious reason as to why they live in a fairy tale . 
  and again i dont hate and i am not a racist . 
  i am not even from macedonia ( the actual ) . 
  i just know a bit about the matter and spoke . 
  would my argument seem better to you if i didnt have a flag next to my name ? 
  good point . 
  you are a bit overestimating that . 
  i thing that greece would hold german line cause we like the western way of life more than our religion ( at least most of us ), 
  yes i agree that erdogan 's school of politics ( ^ tm i just made that term up ) is the most religious/conservative but - suprisingly - during these leaders the tensions between greece and turkey have been better than the ataturk-side politicians ( pro-west etc. ) . 
  what i am really afraid of , is when he starts losing his popularity ( while being president ) , then he will become unpredictable . 
  as long as he lets it go inside of his country it is fine . 
  i am afraid what he will do to the neighbours when he starts losing popularity . 
  well . 
  that is one way the russians can get the press off the conflict . 
  it is relative and it is relying on the definitions . 
  we are a bit nationalistic but we wont get mad about it ( talking about / r/europe right ? ) . 
  for example , a post comes up about cyprus , a greek says we got ta get it back , a turk says `` nah '' and that 's it . 
  we will never agree , but we wont push it anyway . 
  if we are racist , that is about definition . 
  i wasnt thinking when i wrote the comment . 
  it was even shorter but i edited it almost instantly . 
  it wasnt to get a response anyway . 
  thanks for the info though . 
  fun fact : the current prime minister ( samaras ) opened the borders at first place in 1992 as the minister of foreign affairs ( although i think this was more of a decision of the then pm ( mitsotakis ) as a liberal politician , since samaras is clear right wing ) . 
  another one : australia . 
  fucking wars and trenches and manfighting in fucking 2014 i cant fucking believe it ... i wonder what the russian public opinion thinks ( i dont consider them being at fault , i just think that they have some fault if they approve of all of this ), 
  i really am not sure how the court system works anywhere to be honest ... 
  too easily influenced by media . 
  i think that 's the main argument against it . 
  i didnt understand can you rephrase pls d :, 
  or , they were legitimately trying to make it work , and after the fall of communism , there was no reason to keep tryharding . 
  ( i think ), 
  that 's why we have things like social welfare , taxes and so on . 
  although if it is good for everyone , that is decided by if the tax , welfare , etc system is effective . 
  for example , greece has a lot of corruption , tax evasion , and the shittiest tax system ever . 
  the reason capitalism has been failing in these particular countries ( i think ) is ( to an extend what you mentioned ) : `` the opponent political system fell , gg we won , time to relax and stop to actually trying to make capitalism a working system , we dont have to prove anything anymore '' . 
  so capitalism stood strong because of the arch-enemy 's strength ... interesting . 
  edit : or i completely misread that, 
  verailles ' palace i think is just too good . 
  worked out for someone else that comes to my mind . 
  it 's fine, 
  that 's racist, 
  even greeks will start migrating to albania if they get a job there . 
  ah yes . 
  i encounter that all the time . 
  good thing it has a name :d . although i would prefer if we just could kappa :d, 
  i thought he was joking ? 
  too much hustle, 
  why ? 
  why would i ? 
  sometimes, 
  by `` noone '' i meant that the greek language is not commonly known . 
  i was confused then : /, 
  so ... you write french just because french exists ? 
  dont they realise they look silly ? 
  i mean , i could admire my language/country/whatever , without showing the language ( that noone would understand ) . 
  dunno , it almost looks like they overcompansate for something . 
  but then again , i dont really care . 
  why do you write french and then english ? 
  the pun israel, 
  that they are indeed . 
  i probably misread the article . 
  why cant the english just digest that the english national team is not doing well because of problems within and not cause fifa want them to ? 
  can you order anything ? 
  like , completely personalised ? 
  these look like bumper stickers :o, 
  * high five *, 
  ehm ... no i shouldnt ... arrghhh . 
  i cant hold it : turks are not always terrible i guess < 3, 
  i know only the racist things : * you pay the albanians 20 euro for a day 's work . 
  * they stole north hepyrus ( pls dont start this argument , i dont really have an opinion on that ) * they are all literally criminals and they are dragging us master race down . 
  til . 
  thanks !, 
  then were the albanians come from ??? 
  they share an `` ancestor '' with the slavs ? 
  can you tell me what cladistic is pls ? 
  the greek goverment is to last until 2016 . it will collapse after not being able for the parliament to elect a president around february ( the talks in parliament about that will start in january ) . 
  then syriza ( coalition of radical left , also winners in eu elections ) will come first , with about 25-30 percent , not being able to form a goverment by itself . 
  it will either form one with smaller parties ( we have about 10 parties in the parliament right now , the leading party needs to collect 40 % in total , in order for a goverment to form ) , or there will be no goverment and with no president , shit is going to hit the fan . 
  honestly , it is unpredictable . .
