  or airports, 
  why ? 
  are they noisy ? 
  dont be fucking shy to remove shitty articles . 
  the european ones are eliminated though, 
  wow . 
  that 's so blatant it 's not even funny . . 
  interesting . 
  thanks . 
  wasnt jesus a jew hence his language was jewish ? 
  goddamn i lovehate british press, 
  yeah . 
  siestas are awesome, 
  interesting stuff . 
  how significant is the basque parliament ? 
  yeah you are right . 
  my point was that the average french person was pretty religious . 
  of course there were radical philosophers that were against religion altogether , but the average french peasant was just angry cause taxes . 
  against the clergy . 
  not against religion . 
  i am sure the average french person was pretty religious then . 
  we call it wolfdog . 
  the good british colonies are either the places where the natives where replaced , or city-states . 
  there are many examples where the british left nothing better than what the french or the others left behind . 
  what 's the difference between philipines , malaysia , indonesia , and thailand ? 
  then dont do it for free you dingus, 
  teachers go right outside of school if they want to smoke . 
  in greece vapes have become quite common, 
  i think he is a united fan, 
  this is one of those moments where you need to apply brain to poes law, 
  actually fucking wow, 
  obviously iceland, 
  i sure as hell am, 
  damn, 
  those homogenous yuropeans from the one blobbly country of yurop ? 
  idk they are all shitty anglos to me, 
  i was talking about the title, 
  americans and their straight lines on borders . 
  wow what an act of aggression against russia . 
  this is literally russia being a victim again !, 
  the whole world is trying to put down russia, 
  well , they did advertise it as the third way . 
  the populism of the left , while retaining the morality and traditions of the right . 
  no wonder is was the most popular thing before ww2 . 
  holy roman bordergore wasnt killed by napoleon after all, 
  there are positives and negatives about anything, 
  i cant see how that would be problematic / s, 
  i thought the new goverment was the anti eu part of the party, 
  i think that if you want to leave your country you should consider the communication issue beforehand . 
  and i see people all the time that just dont care and expect you to speak their language . 
  i dont < 3, 
  everything under 50, 
  also , i 've seen a huge surge of polish tourists in greece . 
  hopefully they will learn english eventually, 
  we dont need to say it, 
  * someone wants to stir up some shit in here *, 
  chicken coup chicken fucking coup, 
  from the 30 years war to 1815 to a world power ... and taking the biggest slice ... 
  the people in the 50s that planned policy werent alive in the 90s . 
  each institution ( / goverment/city hall/union ) has its own . 
  its not all one big global crooked shillary thing, 
  there is a certain planning ( made by people who actually know their stuff and work for goverment ) after taking office and executing the final form of the initial policy . 
  through a referendum all that is scrapped and oneliner policy is being made that is too vague to be productive . 
  cause generally the way the thing works is that people in places like the place barosso was get their retirement position as bribe for helping the coorporation offering them the position . 
  sorry , but i dont like it when a politician elected to serve the public puts personal ambition over that . 
  or , he is an idealist at in his youth , grows old , says `` i fought my fight '' and rests on a chair . 
  ah sure, 
  russians started the sanction . 
  and they spent months saying `` oh those are just tourists ... no military here '' and held a `` referendum '' ... seriously if you have a positive opinion of the russian goverment now is the point to tell me so i can stop replying you, 
   sorta recent unrest in egypt  the shooting in tunis  failed coup in turkey * rubs hands in jewish * now all i need is more stereotypes on how in albania and montenegro you are gon na lose your kidneys . 
  russia sactioning eu and others while pseudo-annexing crimea is indeed stupid hostility . 
  that 's why he wins with 103 % of the vote . 
  i 've heard stories of illegal immigrants being fucked in greece too . 
  you get him to work for you , when he asks money , you get the police on him ... 
  can you point at a reason why ? 
  i could make guesses but they would be too ignorant . 
  when putin says that a candidate would be better for america , you know that candidate will not be better for america . 
   a good economy is joined by a good climate france : so-so at both switzerland ? 
  maybe austria . 
  also , north italy is the shit , i hear . 
  yes, 
  nice one . 
  but really he just wore shoes with heels . 
  btw those primary surpluses are made up . 
  the greek state hasnt returned tax since 2009 and public workers dont get paid in many cases . 
  that being said , even if it is borderline lies , some good news are needed . 
  it usually does when implemented well and when the world is on its high on the economy side . 
  in greece 's case both thing werent . 
  even bono was on that list ... brits are not good with voting are they ? 
  it took me a while but then i saw your flair, 
  rofl i dont even know < -5 c and i havent seen real snow since 2004 ( and before that in the 60s ), 
  thats what i meant, 
  ha yeah . 
  the same things said about the spanish gig in 1981, 
  and it would look even better in front of the guillontine, 
   france yeah good luck with that, 
  it matters for the comparison, 
  so , austria is the last reich ? 
   frankreich  reich this always fascinated me, 
  is the eu in nato ?
