  jesus what a bunch of useless people . 
  edit : i also want to note that the poem in the op was allowed by the junta to be published , because they wanted to * answer * to the poet , who was in an exile at france . 
  well ... that was more like : uncle sam found it there , became buddies , left just in time to not get caught in the flak . 
  i admit , the match with czechs was lucky that nedved got injured . 
  they would have steamrolled everyone . . 
  remove vat . 
  replace it with sales tax as they have it in the usa ( different in every region ) negative income tax that would replace other subsidies ( the amount to be adjusted according to the minimum wage and the unemployment benefit ) close down the state tv at least for a few years harsher tax evading penalties employ european tax experts to `` teach us their ways '' seperate church and state tax breaks for foreign investors in an attempt to attract them invest in solar energy massively i cant think anything else off the top of my head, 
  look at all those oppressed minorites awaiting liberation from the motherland, 
  clinton ? 
  that is hot stuff . 
  we need a final solution with that ^ / s, 
  how superior is porto to lisbon ? 
  hello, 
  im definitely using this, 
  i know . 
  but i can only write the russia/ukranian based cyrillic texts :(, 
  it was proposed by a self post in / r/greece aswell . 
  the op included example questions aswell . 
  the first one was about legalising weed . 
  not just germany . . it is just the anglos being on another planet than the french again . 
  one of the key points that made the king really angry at george papandreou was that he bailed out his son , andreas . 
  nepotism in its purest form . 
  also , the king and papandreou not agreeing at key points because they disliked each other , led to goverments falling . 
  nd : the original leader of the party , defined the party as radically liberal . 
  since it was the only real party being non-left after the junta ( right wing conservatism was viewed and was , part of the junta supporters ) , he accepted conservatives and populists in the party after urging the nation to not start a witchhunt against the ex-supporters of the junta ( possibly saving us from a civil war ) , slowly but surely , as everytime in politics , the conservative populists win over from the inside of the party , pushing the real liberals out of popular favour . 
  * to be continued * pasok : the founder and leader was a devout socialist , was running against the eu and nato in the elections , played a role in the falling of the goverment that led to the junta ( it 's a long story ) , and seemed to have a real vision . 
  he wins comfortably in 1981 , signs the eu membership , opens the base of nato , and does what we call a * kolotoumba * . 
  nepotism was re-invented by the party , a lot of people made good money from the stereotypical corruption in greece ( mostly in athens though ) . 
  * continuing * : of course nd couldnt watch the other guys doing all that and not eating from the slice of the pie . 
  rampant corruption followed from them aswell and we got where we are today . 
   nd and pasok look like parties i could vote for if i were greek yes . 
  on paper they are the moderate parties that love europe . 
  that 's why only they have been in power after the junta . 
  but , the crisis killed them ( thankfully ) . 
  they are the famous greek corruption . 
  how many voters are there in the left platform though . 
  syriza 's big rates are accounted to the fall of pasok ( the mainstream socdem ) and syriza is the next option to centre left . 
  all these years with left platform syriza was at 4 % . 
  oh , you mean volkswagen ? 
  til . 
  thanks . 
  \\  mosquito \\  frozen wasteland explain . 
  i thought mosquitos live in hot swamps . 
  it only counts the american franchises, 
  people cant internet in greece though . . 
  since you cant actually see that money in cash , people dont give value to them so they are `` useless '' . 
  of course we havent gotten to this point , because we believe that the banks will open any day now , so the `` captured '' money still have full value . 
  i pay with my debit anywhere i go now ( i dont even have cash anyway ) , but some places dont accept them . 
  granted , it isnt any really big issue as of now . 
  tbh i much would prefer a universe where we deal with debits and not with cash . 
  where i work we got paid at around 5 of july 150 $ each , and the rest `` we 'll see '' ( it is mid july , and we still dont have our money for june ... ) . 
  also , that 150 $ were given to us to a bank account , so we cant access them as cash . 
  hey , if it starts raining fries i will sure be smiling, 
  that 's gon na make it . 
  my friend , tsipras ' handling has probably been terrible on hindsight , but there are a few pieces of the last 5 months which are positive . 
  i am too tired to go deep now , but i will just tell you this : remember the previous goverment , how they went to eurogroup . 
  board on jet , go there , come back , lie . 
  now with current gov , we got to see a lot more of the inside , and how these kind of politics work . 
  thanks, 
  is he military ? 
  are they allowed to have beards ? 
  diving with the belly . 
  every fucking time . 
  you should get to check out the olive oil . 
  that stuff is made in heaven . 
  there is no alternative to the bailout packages . 
  yeah , as if it is so unexpected . 
  almost as unexpected as the ending of a hugh grant and sandra bullock movie . 
   greece not last this chart is wrong, 
  eh , in a few years west-east split wont matter . 
  the baltics and poland will outdo the south ezpz , so it 's gon na be north-south . 
  also , a few realities you have to accept : * the east-west has to do with the formerly commumist countries . 
  * there is no central europe . 
  the canned that gets exported tastes different than the one they have in a barrel in ireland . 
  if you have been in ireland and have tasted , then i pass . 
  it is sorta like the gordons 's gin you get imported from uk , with the on actually in the uk . 
  they taste different . 
  whatthefuck, 
  `` the republic of ireland is a thing '' - someone british i call it a win guys . . 
  rip . . been watching since you linked it . 
  it 's 3:15 am and i work `` tomorrow . 
  thank man ;p, 
  and all three were born in bosnia ? 
  can someone explain to me what the `` bosnian-croat '' , or `` serb-bosnian '' , etc mean ? 
  mother from one side , father from the other ? 
  i could be looking at that for days . 
  my only correction of your comment is that syriza didnt particularly like the eu either . 
  but you dont win elections without that here . 
  how do you mix this up, 
  there are a million things from says to songs that glorify the one that keeps silent and trash the `` snitch '', 
  i heard once that russia ( since empire times ) has claims of monasteries there . 
  you probably misunderstood my comment , i know about the place , and i know that it is all monks and monasteries , i just dont know in detail its administration . 
  ye , i wouldnt say that it gets attention or tourism , but as fun fact , i think they dont even have electricity there . 
  going and living there is like traveling back in time . 
  tbh i dont remember much about the place , and i dont know anything about the vatican , so i have no idea :p, 
  the nd articles of association state that if they lose election , they change leader . 
  that 's why we have n't seen him campaigning for the yes side . 
  and blind , stupid , conservative , populism . 
  maybe you should check the median wages to get a better picture ( dont know how this will result though ) , also , take into account the unemployment in these two countries . 
  holy shit .
