  but singling out your region and wanting independence because it is above average economically than the rest of the country is selfish . 
  but the other reasons are rational . 
  would you say that the differences between catalonia and spain are as big as basque and spain ? 
  or portugal and spain ? 
  i cant tell if you are serious or not . 
  why do catalans want independence ? 
  are you not spanish ? 
  differences between crete and the rest of greece ( if any ) . 
  it dropped . 
  we germany now, 
  from your comment i understand that you dont understand how fakelaki works :d . 
  and i respect that . 
  you are a flowa, 
  if it works for portugal , there will be a lot of pressure to raise the minimum wage here aswell ... 
  come here bro * hugs *, 
  short higher to lower ? 
  pm is promising anything he can for the upcoming elections of february ( premature elections that is ) . 
  the stats were from around 2004 . on the thing you mention : you are making it way more simple than it is . 
  i once read it on wikipedia edit : largest foreign investor . 
  my bad . 
   imogen bell ( 2002 ) . 
  [ central and south-eastern europe : 2003 ] ( http://books.google.com/books?id=4crpzrjcbckc&amp;pg=pa282 ) . 
  routledge . 
  isbn 978-1-85743-136-0 . 
  retrieved 27 may 2013 . 
  `` show that greece has become the largest investor into macedonia ( fyrm ) , while greek companies such as ote have also developed strong presences in yugoslavia and other balkan countries . '', 
  source directly copy pasted from wikipedia . 
  one thing per post . 
  meanwhile in greece , church is full of fraud and propaganda towards the people . 
  important note : greek state is the biggest inverstor in that country . 
  just saying that other than them trying to lie so hard , we have no problem with them . 
  arent there any `` revolutionary songs '' about your country ( holland ? ), 
  on how the current state was made ? 
  1stly , their percentages are higher , sadly . 
  2ndly , dont the people that preffer them know about that stuff ? 
  they do . 
  these things `` leaking '' only enforce the `` the media are against us '' argument they hold on to like a dog on a steak and gives them reason . 
  they are just a trend . 
  a headless trend that is guided by nd , so for now they are non harmful , to an extend . 
  that 's not in contrary with what i said, 
  they are on their way to meet it, 
  ... wait, 
  we hate when you try to tell us that something in history happened differently from what we are told and we will hate you for that . 
  whats dutch then ? 
  they already own us , so ... you got replaced buddy, 
  as much as i agree , redistributing wealth like that is undemocratic . 
  it is just not correct . 
  b ) we have in common the most important thing , the language and the idioms ( local dialects derive directly from ancient greek ) . 
  greeks are not slavic nor middle eastern . 
  they are just greeks . 
  ancient greeks were not slavic , these people in that country are slavs that speak a language very close to bulgarian afaik . 
  my comment wasnt to choose between the two sides, 
  `` macedonians '' sigh ... 
  european history started before 260bc i believe , 
  that fucking fascist is in jail, 
  while putin has no say in that cause he has done bad things against democracy , the uk people shouldnt be after the comparison of the scottish referendum with the crimean `` referendum '' , nor the aplication of democracy in russia and uk, 
  hopefully he can take votes away from lepen, 
  context : about a year ago , i dont remember on what occurences , the ruling party ( nd ) asked tsipras publically about his religious status . 
  now , his party is a radical left party and you dont become powerful in-party as a religious man , so it is safe to assume that he is an atheist . 
  in greece people are protective of their religion as a part of the ethnicity ( they can get defensive , but they wont provoke anything ) , so the potential future prime minister can not claim to be atheist publicaly ( it would be a political suicide ) . 
  so what does he do ? 
  discreetly and in the party 's meetings he is an atheist , but he went to mount athos ( a very sacred place for the orthodox christians ) and prayed there and recieved blessing from priests . 
  fast forward to today , he went to meet the pope ( probably it was scheduled since then ) , as a `` i care about religion '' and to benefit politically from the popes populistic ( if i use that word correctly ) actions right after he got the title . 
  my take on this whole thing : behind tsipras , there are two parts . 
  * the internal party stuff : radical left , fuck the eurozone , fuck the eunion , fuck nato , god bless che guevara . 
  * the people that are assigned to make him votable : we will negotiate ( not denounce , as he said 2 years back ) the greek debt , we like religion , nato is essential . 
  i am not writing this to make you see him as bad . 
  trust me , there are far more worse than him . 
  lol whos the dude talking in the last comment ? 
  fun fact : in the cypriot parliament , there are seats specifically for people from the muslim/turkish minority , but since the invasion these seats are empty since all the turkish/muslim people in cyprus are in the turkish part . 
  too many seats in the eu parliament . 
  germany to lose no1 ? 
  nope . 
  and of course all these things other comments mention . 
  yes but gdp per capita doesnt account how many people share the wealth . 
  i mean something like : 5 % of the people possess 95 % of the wealth . 
  or something like that . 
   go look up ... before you assume too much . 
  ah , the irony is as rich as the dutch gdp per capita . 
  old bmw with bulgarian plates all around, 
  marks of tools used by thieves that sold ancient marbles , or by soldiers that took them home . 
  my bad . 
  didnt know . 
  we havent heard of human rights over here and the jihadists dont have the balls to go against pitchfork people . 
  now , against the civilised people of europe west ... 
  the shots are real, 
  yes , i meant higher . 
  thanks for the correction . 
  because prices are also lower ? 
  ( if i got what you said ), 
  2 things . 
  *  this method ... 
  in my opinion , the people know that they are stupid/psychos/nazi / wanna-burn-a-jew / < insert other extreme characterism about sd members  . 
  all that `` we need to fight racism '' is just free advertising and view for the sd . 
  the people know that the sd is racist . 
  they prefer comparing themselves to the worst to make themselves seem good options ... 
  but all that only makes the sd stronger , and i dont wan na know what the results would be with a reasonable 60 % turnup . 
  * also , all this reminds me of my country 2 years ago :( edit : formatting, 
  minority goverments as low as 153 seats ? 
  it 100 % is .
