  i guarantee . 
  people like to exaggerate . 
  your definition of fun is strange, 
  no battery . 
  only salt, 
   the predictions were based on continued access to the single market and article 50 not being invoked ... wat, 
  literally putinbots, 
  tbh part of the turkish part of cyprus being so unable when confronted with ankara is the fact that they are not recognised ( not that 's they should , just saying ), 
  can confirm, 
  i think its purpose is to also showcase this, 
   greece and the country that must not be named will come to an agreement over the naming dispute . 
  i 'll eat my shoe ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ shapedbread, 
  as is tradition, 
  that colour used to give me nightmares, 
  does that account for the crazy campaigns before possible referendums ? 
  i mean , if people really believed the shit about banana shapes ... 
  indeed . 
  im greek and it embarasses me . 
  bearlin this joke feels very unoriginal but i havent heard it d :, 
  im honoured, 
  am cretan, 
   anyone daring that 's a weird way to say `` at least 50 people '', 
  of all the low effort bait in this thread , this is the lowerst effort, 
  i didnt make the pic . 
  i just googled european union and got the pic i thought had the coolest effects . 
  i wasnt expecting the spanish inquisition, 
  hopefully never, 
  delicate analysis right there, 
  they count as one firm is my guess . 
   frappe in $ current.year wtf norths, 
  heh thanks . 
  i was just joking tbh :d, 
  museum of oceanography in the meditarrenean ? 
  thanks, 
  why, 
  lol dont worry it 's awesome . 
  and it 's gon na get perfect if you cite one or two sources . 
  ( not that i am doubting you , i actually like this so i would like to see it become even better ), 
  same in greece , only the tobacco brand is different, 
   even tho that 's what pretty much happened , considering oh boy i cant wait to hear the reasoning  how greece lied to everyone yeah we greeks are just smarter than all of you and outsmarted you pretty hard . 
  smart enough to fool everyone , not smart enough to have our shit together . 
  i call it `` schroedinger 's greece ''  huge welfare and shit i am sure you could back this up with numbers if it is true  there is an island where 80 % was supposed to be blind to grab an handicaped check , in some part of the country , people did n't pay electricity , water , the list goes on . 
  in my vilage , grandmas have a word for people who believe these stories , i am not gon na tell you the word i am just gon na tell you to read less propaganda  the idea is for the eu to develop infrastructures and economic project in order to create growth wherever they invest not . 
  the eu might invest , but it 's not its primary thing . 
  also , every country has seen investment from eu , it wasnt investment taken from one country to the other . 
   the problem with greece is that they let money poors in and never checked what really was going on what does that mean exactly ? 
   so the greek never seen an urge to actually develop itself greece is a developed country since at least late 80s  and lived well over what they should how does a person lives over what he should ? 
   german are as much responsible as greek for all this . 
  thats a different thing . 
  the eu doesnt attempt to equalise national incomes . 
  it doesnt have such mechanism . 
  yeah because europe tries to equalise national incomes . 
  oh wait it doesnt, 
   arguing it doesnt without actually arguing thus being shielded from counterarguments, 
  romania and poland . 
  also turkey but they werent that much into ww2, 
  iirc the optimal level of min wage is half the median . 
  median in spain seems to be about 1600 $ [ ^ 1 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_european_countries_by_median_wage ) and the min wage about 750 $ [ ^ 2 ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/tgm/table.do?tab=table&amp;init=1&amp;language=en&amp;pcode=tps00155&amp;plugin=1 ) . 
  so i suppose the slight raise is good in the long term ? 
  all i see is tannu tuva, 
  this just in . 
  tea makes you fat . 
  hmm . . fiscal tools to reduce unemployment always indicate that the ruling party wants to be reelected . 
  i see that in december there are romanian legislative elections . 
  can someone who knows tell me if they are important ? 
  also , shooting for unemployment less than the natural unemployment rate is mostly bad , but governments around the world do that when is election year . 
  that being said it could be seen as a tool to increase the labour flexibility which is a good thing . 
  not even protectionism . 
  outright nationalisation, 
  she is a goddamn time machine, 
  all i see is norway stronk, 
  again evading ... phew, 
  did we ran out of excuses ? 
  jk i know what 's up . 
  because on one hand trump would turbo boost like the dude says and on the other hand it will `` wake '' european equivalents . 
  thats what i call a double edge sword, 
  yeah that 's where a strong comission comes into play, 
  yeah i agree she is the best but it sucks that the german chancellor ( or any of the individual country 's government head ) has to be the `` eu leader '' . 
  it 's akward and it shouldnt be like that, 
  sparta was effective at what ? 
  yeah but then you get stuck with belarus, 
  uns doesnt specify region xd, 
   growth in greece, 
  supported and made by is the difference i am arguing, 
  i doubt it was organised by us . 
  the communists had already been pushed aside for the americans to care . 
  did they collaborate ? 
  sure . 
  but the base of the dictatorship was greek and the elements that made the dictatorship were in greece before the coup and they are today to be seen . 
  in sort there was no reason for the americans to start a dictatorship . 
  i mean , i do n't like complaining , but top9 posts right now at the front page are similar and one has a brain rofl . 
  bbc for news economist for opinion articles, 
  lol including portugal, 
  he said rich , not richer than greece ... 
  you still pay more i tihnk, 
  his esquire, 
  yes . 
  i am not informed in the czech economy , but the rule of thumb says yes . 
  i sometimes use `` church '' and `` temple '' interchangably, 
  4-6 kids before 35 that is .
