  well , comparing 2015 denmark with france or uk , i 'd say you doing pretty good !, 
   i think the british empire did more good than harm harm is not justified from doing good . 
  neither by `` there 's worse ! '', 
  it 's a many years long attempt by lukashenko to legitimise ( in the eyes of eu ) his power . 
  and , as we have always done , we prefer to do business with a dictator as long as we profit . 
  there go the louisiana money, 
  that 's why you dont do habsburg , kids . . habsburg , not even once . 
  giving stuff you found to the countries they belong ? 
  but these countries are barbarians and cant use that . 
  like a farm ? 
  no more landlocked :o, 
  much more like it, 
  thirdeded, 
  fun ?? 
  in my forum about politics ??? 
   nowadays , we have a problem with reckless driving , and highest road casualties in eu ah !, 
  like a true developed ** central ** european country !, 
  bravo !, 
  i am gon na cry, 
  fair enough, 
  shouldnt it ? 
  does poland count as baltic ? 
  and it 's raining here . 
  the eu will put a meme sanction on them . 
  also `` platypodas '' is the modern popular greek that was standarised in 1973 . before that , the nominative of the noun was `` platypous '' , which in ( both ancient and modern ) greek means flat-feet ( flat = platy , pous = foot , leg ( think of octopus ) ), 
  the italians did it , the germans `` forgot '' that they were unified with the east germany , etc. 
  the politicians of then wouldnt leave random nuimbers to prevent them from fast forwarding the project . 
  to say that it 's the greeks that managed to trick everyone for so many years is just naive . 
  90s krugman was the shit though, 
  it is a stereotype , that spanish people say `` th '' instead of `` s '' . 
  like mike tyson . 
  you cant say the letter `` s '', 
  they have a shit opinion on ukraine though, 
  well , we get a lot of german tourists , and let 's just say that english is not their strongest point at least for a lot of them . 
  who 's idea was that smh, 
  honestly i see a lot of people say this about greece , but i have never done it :(, 
  that 's how armies are . 
  they need an enemy , even if there is no enemy . 
  so they make up fantasy enemies from history . 
  in greece ( exclusive to the absolute elites , the ones that are not humans anymore ) , have march songs against turkey , albania , etc. 
   germans speak english eeeh ... 
  cyprus . 
  it is basically another alt greece . 
  prague . 
  cheap , beautiful , and in the middle of europe . 
  i think you mean kringe ? 
  good job corrupting everyone even more . 
  what 's this ? 
  9gag level philosophy ? 
  russians do that all the time, 
  i dont like taking credit for accomplishments that i didnt achieve only to compare them to accomplishments other people didnt achieve . 
  ehm . . i thought the greek ego is older than the latin . 
  yes , they belong where they are !, 
  unless they are at napoleon 's museum, 
  i went out of my way once to give a receipt to german customers in the hotel where i work , and they laughed at me like i was stupid . 
  or the spanish royal family . 
  when juanito starts recognising his kids . 
  welp . . that 's a crimea being left behind . 
  inb4 someone posts this with argentina too . 
  this has been a thing for years now . 
  not specifically on tourists , but i 've been told that sometimes a tax agent might ask me for my reciept as i am getting out of a shop . 
  i tohught beaches were supposed to be sandy, 
  we dont make haloumi here . 
  it is considered cypriot cheese traditionally . 
  though i guess you can buy it here too . 
  now do a per capita for each country . 
  i wan na watch and cry . 
  now do sochi winter olympics, 
  well , pack it up boys . . 
  whoops, 
   i do n't think there 's an established spelling in greeklish that 's just something \u03b1\u03bd\u03bf\u03c1\u03b8\u03cc\u03b3\u03c1\u03b1\u03c6\u03bf\u03b9 say, 
  the populists always get elected , everywhere . 
  the only far left party got elected in 2015 , 7 years in to the crisis . 
  another month , another `` we 'll see '' pay ... * c ' est la vie *, 
  agreed . 
   i do n't get why greece does n't sell directly to us companies like i said :  we just really really fucking suck major dick . 
  i meant from all the oil , the bad one . 
  \\  17c \\  summer u wot m8 ? 
  more like we are sending it to italy for peanuts , they mix it with their bad olive oil and sell it to the market . 
  we just really really fucking suck . 
  there is no standardization happening in here . 
  there is a stereotype, 
  wait until you see a black nazi, 
  what about mongolians ? 
  note that constantine had to take over at a young age , from the sudden death of his ( even worse of a king ) father . 
  one moment you are rich kid swimming in money and doing sports and shit , the other moment you have that thing called `` responsibilites '', 
  franco had no problem joining nato afaik . 
  also , the cia was buddies with the colonels . 
  oh man , i was so salty in 2010 . 
   would go on for a long time not really . 
  the public unrest was there , and the clock was on the countdown for them . 
  you can see that from the last-minute panic moves such as making the country a faux-republic . 
  no i meant something else . 
  but ... muh gold medals ... look at our so important young spoiled brat getting medals and shit . 
  footage from his tottally real military training !, 
  haha , he is so important !!, 
  `` greece '', 
  quantity tax distorts the market . 
  value tax doesnt . 
  and with that we also got rid of the fucking royals .
