  ive never been to paris though, 
  it doesnt have to be a lie to be propaganda, 
  it was supposed to be a kinda correction of my earlier comment . 
  basically , just because she has indian students , it doesnt mean that she is not racist . 
  `` i am not racist , i have like 20 % indian students '', 
  if they looked at you , you were probably dressed weired, 
  `` i am not racist !, 
  i have like , two black friends ! '', 
   most of the big issues which impact europe wind up impacting the us anyway i 'm sorry , could you please elaborate ? 
  i dont see how this is happening . 
  oh that explains the flag ... it wasnt a mistake , it was just a feature in the status . 
  haha, 
  where is she from ? 
  i hope she is not french . . 
  you funny ? 
  you maek yok ? 
  what can i tell you ... . i am probably like that because i havent noticed inequality irl with some ... let 's say exceptions ... 
  or they type `` eu '' and they think eurozone . 
  why denmark is not in ez , is indeed a question . 
  that 's not what i meant . 
  just because they dont have the same participation in the workforce , it doesnt mean that the dont participate in the `` economic life '' of a country . 
  you think we have a problem with gender equality ? 
  i mean does it serve anything to distinct workforce between sexxes ? 
  why count women ? 
  can someone please break down what is shown on that graph ? 
  ye i agree , but i didnt want to go in-depth . 
  that is a much more complex matter . 
  poverty exists in every society . 
  0 % poverty is not a realistic goal . 
  acts like this though are always good . 
  the new generation of european master race has begun !, 
  hahahahahah * evil laughter , but in an european way *, 
  the russians cant speak english so it 's safe ^ imjoking, 
  we only have english people telling us about animal protection all the time . 
  it 's like they care more about animal than people . 
  of the stereotypes about these countries , i like latvia the most . 
  that is because potato is the best edible thing . 
  chips , frech fries and vodka . 
  just think about it . 
  conviniently letting out of this chart greece ? 
  edit : am i missing something ? 
  you are right , my bad . 
  i always make that mistake . 
  so true even in a disagreement between countries . 
  you mean the american generals getting german civilians to the concentration camps so they can testify in nuernberg ? 
  well , he is only `` fighting '' on reddit . 
  because that 's a discussion for another thread . 
  well , for the people in the northeast germany , the `` ivan '' was terrible and for the people in the western germany , the `` americans '' would be the terrible i suppose.but then again the americans hadnt seen as much war as the russians , only the brits might had been as bad as the russians . 
  ( cause they got so many bombs , they could open a bomb shop ), 
   the north korean constant adds negative infinity to the denominator . 
  thus north korea has negative democracy . 
  so you are saying they have democracy / s, 
  a tear of joy is shed to my eye . 
  ^ keep ^ the ^ good ^ circlejerk ^ going ^ guys !, 
  dude that was deep . 
  is half of those effects of chernobyil ? 
  the european union ? 
  they are actually illegal , but there are many legal bents when it comes to traditions . 
  i know . 
  it just seems like such a greek thing to do, 
  heres the most greek thing ever : today is a national holiday right ? 
  but , you might think that its a double holiday so we are effectively missing one . 
  nope : the workers day holiday is moved for tuesday cause we dont wan na miss it now do we ? 
  ugh ... happy easter guys, 
  yeah it was pretty bad today . 
  i had to take a jacket :(, 
  it makes the competition * unfair * for the ones that dont ban it . 
  so the ones that dont ban it are `` punished '' for being thoughtful of people 's health by restricting themselves to a part of the market . 
  not to mention that this might even cause some of them to close . 
  and no . 
  people dont always act rationally on the point of service , and that 's why we think things ahead . 
  i was critisizing the fact that this is how it was : `` churchil , dont piss outside of the toilet '' `` goddamnit i fought a war for it '' basically churchil was the most accomplished man of ww2 imo , which can turn anyone arrogant as fuck . 
  if the opposition wanted to do a , churchil would use ww2 to gain support for the opposite . 
  i agree that churchil and britain were ww2 heroes , but milking it for votes after the war is low . 
   churchill fought his campaign on retaining the empire , something that had already begun to be dismantled under atlee , ** saying that was the whole reason we fought the war ** . 
  damn he was really an asshole wasnt he, 
  caribean influence ? 
  i feel exactly the same way, 
  it 's because gin is unpopular . 
  so only if you have drank a lot of everything you end up with gin . 
  vodka is the mainstream drink everywhere i think, 
  where i 'm from alchoholics drink gin, 
  tbh honest 4 months sounds short . 
  though 40000 dead is a big number, 
  nice, 
  i dont mind people hurting themselves with the drugs they choose . 
  i deeply hate affecting others ( second hand smoking etc ), 
  good on you quitting smoking with the kid and all . 
  my father smoked a lot , and after 15 years of not smoking , doctors can still see it in his lungs . 
  actual rooskies make it pretty easy for those who push for that rooskie boogeyman, 
  small , dense , wealthy , disciplined . 
  at least thats the stereotype, 
  meh , that 's mostly religious so not * just * crete . 
  i am certain for crete though so that 's why i mention it . 
  in rural crete in the 60s mothers would tie the left hand of the kid so the kid would use its right hand, 
  also food, 
  last year i saw a guy in a club in greece with a green stereotypical irish hat on st patrick 's day . 
  whats your point, 
  its choose cause today is also a religious day, 
  those two are not incompatible .
