  i knew too much ibrahimovic exposure would make our kids violent / s, 
  still i insist these feelings wouldnt be caused by religion . 
  and i am certain about it especially when it comes to greece . 
  i guess we have to agree to disagree, 
  if greeks like or dislike russians , it will not be about religion . 
  if we end up ( dis ) liking them , a posteriori it would be said that it is because of religion , but it would be wrong . 
  yes and i want to add that as far as greece is concerned we still have ( sigh ) mandatory service so this adds up, 
  i am sorry to sound like a dick but that is irrelevant, 
  the general population doesnt likwme the whole ukranian conflict ( duh ) but apart from that the view is positive because last summer we had a lot of russian tourists . 
  so , all in all we dislike putin but like the russian people . 
  as far as the lifting sanctions are concerned , this is more about to help our economy and the goverment will gain political profit even if this boost in the economy happens on the suffering of ukranians . 
  this oportunity also falls right in with the small party that is in th goverment ( anel ) because it is the equivalent of ukip . 
  if youwant more extensive answer ask away !, 
  so was greece . 
  then bubbles started popping . 
  that 's what the eurosceptic right sees and demonizes europe haha, 
  hmm . 
  interesting . 
  i never thought about it from the bulgarian point of view . 
  after a certain point though this explanation becomes a `` no true scot '' . 
  especially if certain political parties put labels on them . 
  in greece someone that is * just * a reasearcher is considered a slob by the shitty bunch of people and our unis train us to be professors . 
  let 's have average knowledge of all subparts of a science so we all can be professors !, 
  hooray !, 
  fml, 
  though they arent the ones making the big money feom the iphone . 
  that would be apple i guess, 
  7th pic . 
  the irony . 
  taking hateful antiamerican pics with selfie using an american phone . 
  america still wins haha, 
  hold up . 
  then why did u say that you cant explain wat germany does ? 
  you just explained perfectly !, 
  he is a football player . 
  they are not known for their smarts . 
  also he is in a dry spell which means that he is overstressed . 
  say germany makes a sizeable army uk size ( so to speak ) . 
  the next day , russian propaganda machine starts saying the nazis are back . 
  and stupid people like simple explanations so they believe it . 
  how bad are germans gon na feel for doing the obvious ? 
  thats just one of the things . 
  i imagin there are more serious reaaons but thats one thing that comes to mind, 
  i know that feeling, 
  can you give a eli5 how the drug thing happened ? 
  http://kurier.at/politik/ausland/wiener-arzt-soll-wladimir-putin-wegen-rueckenbeschwerden-behandeln/119.579.544 unsourced austrian newspaper says he just has backpain, 
  if it wasnt for this imperialisation , they would havae followed china 's path . 
  opium wars until they cooperate . 
  it has been quite popular in greece last year too . 
  that 's cute . 
  ofc, 
  because they are two different countries and the growth was made by different means . 
  it 's almost as like it is two different countries with different problems . 
  if you object you are racist . 
  you would classify bavaria as having sub state nationalism at a high level ? 
  i thought this was only about the football club . 
  then again these days german nationalism is only expressed in football anyway . . 
  that 's why he said `` amusing '', 
  what do you want them to say ? 
  `` we are here to make billions marketing your personal data that you unquestionablly feed us in a need to show off to your non-friends '', 
  here 's facebook for example : http://ec.europa.eu/transparencyregister/public/consultation/displaylobbyist.do?id=28666427835-74, 
  happy now ? 
  the solution to that is to educate them and take the necessary precautions , not stop them from coming, 
  i dont think greece will sell it . 
  probably it will rent it for many years but it wont sell . 
  it will result in a turmoil if the state attempts it . 
  sorry for sounding like a shit that cant admit wrongdoing , but i am pretty assertive at what i told you , since i know the peloponese first hand , 
  the peloponese are the most super conservative . 
  the radical radical leftists can only be found in the capital since their numbers are few . 
  also people need to realise that you must get political poker games seriously . 
  i wish we could vote for a german too : /, 
  noone wants that, 
  this is never happening . 
  alongside with all the other not happenings from syriza this one is not happening the most . 
  that 's the first time i hear about it . 
  also it . 
  is impossible . 
  that little white pill you just got wasnt aspirin , 
  weird if you think that traditionally we are in good terms with the arabs, 
   they voted for someone who they thought had `` the balls required '' to force others to provide money . 
  they voted the least of the shits . 
  that is the only reason syriza won : it was simply the only option . 
  it 's not correct to compare nominal wages between two countries . 
  okay . 
  then you and me agree to feel that different things happened, 
  they are not juniors . 
  they are the part of the right wing that didnt support the austerity ( and the whole eu , but they are in power because they have good timing ) . 
  basically your usual right wing conservative populists that have this amazing way of convincing people to vote against the people 's own interests . 
  they fucking disgust me . 
  think of the ukip but without having `` style '' . 
  remember kids never do lebensraum . 
  lebensraum , not even once . 
  our maybe the russians made this comment because they found out about it . 
  good for you, 
  he is not in syriza, 
  `` damn romania revealing the plans '' and `` this time , no italy '', 
  you really want to make me dig from my potato cellphone ? 
  i only saw the mails and she specifically says : `` i have decided to not take any indian male students '' . 
  under what context is that not racist ? 
  usually thw negative stereotypes on the french are basically for paris ive heard .
