  having to report it doesnt stop you from owning one . 
  it 's not `` taking it away '' . 
  it 's common sense . 
  nice question . 
  you know the say that goes : `` it takes one to find one '' . 
  good job my friend . 
  as i read it , it says that it is gon na unify how guns are regulated with emphasys on exchanging info . 
  are you talking about finnish gun collectors ? 
  these are the only ones who will change what they do . 
  they will have to report their guns . 
  reasonable . 
  they are swiss mercs are n't they ? 
   prime ministers ' questions propah banta m8, 
  direct democracy or real full on dictatorship can work . 
  the problem is the corruption . 
  examples : switzerland , singapore . 
  i read the initiative and it does n't affect legal gun owners . 
  did you read it ? 
  you are also writing it in german so merkel reads it ? 
  politics so interesting , they drive comedians out of work . 
  reducing co2 emissions by outsourcing stuff to china , then complaining about co2 emmisions . 
  ah , the european way . . 
   greece  catholic europe well , shit went down while i was snoozing, 
  if lobya taught us anything , is that the danes are more than cool with using a plane or two . 
  there is no independence movement . 
  again like the last time , there is no separatist movement in crete . 
  that was cocaine boris, 
  i meant that the politicians still use the feud to get votes . 
  and it works ... 
  sadly it works for politicians, 
  true dat, 
  i am not a programmer, 
  in everyone 's defence , it went both ways as far as bulgaria and greece are concerned . 
  i would love to work and live in estonia . 
  but the language ... is a barrier . 
  he is not head of state in greece, 
  these people look logical . 
  whom do we blame for the mess we have today ? 
  saudis ? 
  sadly , they exist, 
  where bijk, 
  holy shit these fucking hair lol, 
  perfect . 
  even the degrees hanging on the wall, 
  greek-eng-de . 
  standard stuff, 
  faroese have their own language ? 
  that 's so unislamic of them, 
  holy shit dude you must really enjoy the endless mass of baitcatchers, 
  more than the ones getting less, 
  what they do n't deserve : a-crisis-free-pass privilige, 
  my point was that you cant simplify such matter . 
  there is no clear `` yes '' or `` no '', 
  see how shit it is to simplify it in one sentence ? 
  sorry for the shit argument but i wanted to make a point, 
  was sweden with the axis in ww2 then ? 
  now that 's a fast way to tell everyone that you have never been to greece, 
  which one would it be then . 
  i think mythos is the most standard . 
  not top shelf , not shit . 
  standard chill stuff . 
  i could n't have figured that out without zeeland, 
  why the gap around strasbourg, 
  then you make your own eu !, 
  with kosovo and montenegro, 
  go for it little slav . 
  you can do it !, 
  my first thought is that he looks greek . 
  he probably got his spy job because his uncle once kissed mitsotakis, 
  \\  assuming they will actually stop visiting reddit, 
   no one includes a glass of water and cookie when you order a latte , espresso , etc :o . the civilisation !, 
  `` newfoundland '' that 's some name gore right there, 
  thanks, 
  a completely unrelated question : when are elections in germany ? 
  just in case you are not trolling https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fruit_machine_ ( homosexuality_test ), 
  in canada they used to show gay porn to suspects and checked the how the eye responded . 
   split him in half ah , the french way . 
  expansionary fiscal policy . 
  basically public investements . 
  well , if you assume that there are only two options . 
  they do n't want the money back though . 
  they are just borrowing and creating an endless loop so in the meantime they control the fiscal policy . 
  the dream country, 
  it 's a necessity . 
  though it 's illegal . 
  holy shit bush 's face was the `` i fucked up '' face . 
  numbah 1 numbah 1 woooooooooo undisputed now eat my dust spaniards xaxaxaxaxa, 
  ye , so terrible . 
  oh the misery !, 
  swap places with me ? 
  because of the internet ? 
  i 've heard of polanball . 
  but i expect polanball to stay at polanball . 
  you wouldnt go to some stranger on the street and tell him racist jokes . 
  these things are just polanball things . 
  what is salty ? 
  hey look , someone made an inappropriate joke !, 
  let 's laugh at his country !, 
  that 'll sure show him !, 
  that 's the 60s .
