  +10 suppression -20 food, 
  bible is n't the only religious book m8, 
  there 's more to britain than retirees and pukey/fighty people ? 
  we keep our friends close and our best friends closer, 
  did we just become best friends ? 
  definitely not pro-expert, 
  yea but i mostly can make them up usually unless they are classical . 
   ke boi\u0398 ctpohmip it 's not even funny how not greek this is :p, 
  notice the petain stamp, 
  on top of that : the store probably has insurance so the owner/multinational is not even gon na lose anything . 
  the only ones who lose are the workers and the consumers , us . 
  both making you hungry, 
  warsow is over berlin, 
  thanks . 
  you too . 
   all of 'em ? 
  pedant  i do n't base my beliefs around things that make me feel popular like you do inaccurate, 
   le post-truth brexiteers . 
  they read the daily mail . 
  i didnt say that you did , but you got defensive about it . 
  try to hide something ? 
   you must n't make the mistake i 'm as ignorant as you are in evidencing my opinions there hasnt been any evidence at all in this thread . 
  the discussion is not about this bruh  want to throw the word `` racist '' at me now , like a monkey with its feces ? 
  racist, 
  i already hold the opinion that it is going to be a shitshow . 
  lord buckethead helps me express it very well . 
  it 's better to form your opinion from performance artists than whatever the fuck the sun and the daily mail is . 
  3 % of people think blair is not blairite, 
  the french are as productive as the germans . 
  they have lower gdp per capita because they choose to work less hours . 
  for comparison , they produce the same as the uk while working way less ( and they have comparable populations ), 
  what 's the president 's take on this ? 
  or he stays out of such things ? 
  imagine working more than 6 months in these temperatures and higher, 
  fucky as in ... ? 
  debt goes with gdp not population . 
  i think he just said it so whiner pedants would n't jump on him for being super biased . 
  i mean , how is eu making it hard for britain ? 
  they are making a great job themselves is what i see . 
  right . 
  but the qe is an ecb thing . 
  mmm yes inject me with that hot liquidity, 
  schaeuble doesnt have a say in this though, 
  this was bound to happen ever since romania started to catch up . 
  naturally it has bigger gdp than greece . 
  good shit btw , eastern europe is coming along . 
  oh ja gim me dat sweet qe money baby, 
  you 'd think that corfu would be little venice, 
  it feels like it , because you are . 
  oh i think the french have that sound aswell, 
  hey atleast we are broke , not so poor . 
  also , ch means confederatio helvetica . 
  i think we have a winner . 
  cant pour a fucking beer . 
  czechbros i am dissapoint, 
  why is every sub making discords, 
  amazing . 
  even after all these years , people still bite . 
  awww, 
  [ shamelesly stolen ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/greece/comments/6bidgy/why_greece_doesnt_suffer_from_cyber_attacks/ ), 
  eating souvlaki in your olive hill while gazing at a sea of ouzo with the parthenon in the background , malaka . 
  of course, 
  there is good quality pork and bad quality pork . 
  of course better quality is better taste . 
  i mean what gyros represents . 
  it * is * more quality , but pork is what gyros is supposed to be . 
  dirty , oily , fast , low quality , food . 
  yummmm, 
  a meat so good that when god prohibited it we said : `` yea nah '', 
  porkmeat  all come at me, 
   the song gets decided first , and then the singers have to compete against each other , all with the same song ... what ? 
  wow thats bad, 
  eurovision is one of those things that the participation is most of the fun . 
  despite being a competition, 
  poor germany, 
  [ * polan can into space , 2018 , colourised * ] ( http://episkopisyrou.gr/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/analhpsh1-752x490.jpg ), 
  [ this one ? 
  ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/d9/0c/28/d90c28d8df32f55bb95354db6e42d589.jpg ), 
  renamed to united kingdom of nortern ireland and the falklands, 
  this video would have been so great if he sticked to the things that are actually the fault of recent tories . 
  the birthplace of duduudududdu, 
  i remember doing whole piles of them as a kid . 
  then ate them too . 
  no ragrets . 
  isnt this a joke ? 
  no it is n't . 
  neither the cringy analogy , nor the currency explanation . 
  unpopular opinion inc eli5 is mostly bullshit and person analogies for countries are amazingly crimgey and retarted . 
  there i said it . 
   ireland, 
  thanks for the tag . 
  tbh he doesnt look that bad to me . 
  thanks for the breakdown and for tagging me, 
  yeah that sounds good . 
   i quite like we have someone who wanted to remain as prime minister it 's not so much that , it 's more that she understands the benefits , regardless if she is for or against it . 
  you know what i mean ? 
  she is not a thoughtless lunatic . 
  oh nothing . 
  it 's just that it makes it less absurd for johnson to were against brexit in private . 
  the leader that will take britain out of the eu was against brexit .
