  is quebec latin america ? 
  dat korea on the second one . 
  you took our # 1 . you made enemies for life !, 
  so basically they want their slice of the pie . 
  and now ukip doesnt get it because only one seat ... 
  how did i do ? 
  we just choose to not like them because they wont understand english anyway ^ sorry, 
  seriously the young english people are like the werewolves : normal northen europeans at home , crazy `` russians '' at the holidays . 
  i 've met a few and they were all awesome . 
  `` lolgreece.blogspot.de '' now i could link a `` left.gr '' article that contradicts it , but w/e, 
  please dont start a flame war ( you or anyone else ), 
  it is gon na stay like that at least for this millenium . 
  guarantee . 
  where you from if you dont mind, 
  the greek goverment is given more time . 
  that 's it . 
  no actual progress . 
  lamb imo is not for this y-axis grill thingy as it does not have that much fat . 
  it is really awesome anyway though :d, 
  the turkish use lamb . 
  we use pork and chicken ( i think they use chicken too though ) . 
  it has been up since january . 
  i dont think it was supposed to last all the way today . 
  it was like just a joke :p . 
  i think he means general french aggression throughout the centuries against the german kingdoms . 
  yeah . 
  he was creating an empire , and then all the other powers in europe ganged up on him . 
  he means that gdp has been on a free fall some time now . 
  the only thing that keeps through every stormfront brigade to armchair generals and armchair economists and politics masterminds , is the `` slice of life '' posts . 
  it was `` work '' from the previous goverment . 
  also , gdp doesnt mean much to the general population when you have 25 % unemployment and close to 50 % for the youth . 
  the price level is way higher in greece that developing countries . 
  using the absolutes is not worth mentioning . 
  also `` living like hell '' is not about pension . . it is about being 20 and seeing no future . 
  the true fear is the fear of uncertainety about the future . 
  which we really have right now . 
   all proposed troika measures have also been properly implemented by greek governments i wasnt excluding the implementention . 
  `` i didnt read the memorantum ( before voting yes for it ) '' - m. chrisohoidis ( and many others ), 
  i dont want to follow the negotiations closely because we ( the normal plebs ) dont even know the 1 % of the tip of the iceberg . 
  okay . 
  time to remove the flair . . 
  i mean , i wouldnt mind austerity and all and living like hell for 5-10-15 years , if that meant that these sacrifices would mean something . 
  but how are we supposed to keep taking this ? 
  no it is the final one, 
  my `` black '' income was not taxxed if that 's what you ask . 
  this year i went to a place which is good and organised so i was pleasantly suprised, 
  verbal agreement to labour to pay cash . 
  i ended up getting ripped off about 50 euros last year , but oh well . 
  nono you didnt understand it . 
  she grows the anger into anybody . 
  she isnt angry herself since now she can talk on and on and on . 
  yes . 
  2 years when i was underaged , and once when i was 18 . 
  oh of course how did not make the connection, 
  strange . 
  i always thought it would be more fitting to line out the uk instead of france :p, 
  i started my summer job today , and it 's gon na be the first time i work legally ( i am 20 ), 
  colonisation without the violence . 
  dunno if that 's bad . 
  if you look at him and you see europe , you need to get your eyes checked . 
  if everyone serves in the military , no one serves in the military . 
  okay . 
  i am gon na extensively describe to you the service . 
  you get a service compensation of 300 $ / month . 
  from these , they hold back money for : bed , clothes etc etc leaving to you 8,60 $ / month . 
  now , while you are at the service months ( 9 months generally ) , you get a lot of day-outs ( after the first few months , you get one day-out per two days ) . 
  now , you could always stay inside the camp or go outside and get a break . 
  on your 18 years old , you will never decide to stay in thus going out for a few hours ( like , 8-10 hours ) . 
  while you are out , you are not just gon na sit under a bridge and count sheep , you will go for our national sport : a coffee . 
  this coffee costs money . 
  also , you will spend money for the ship , for when you go on a leave back home for a week or something . 
  all these costs add up . 
  8,60 $ to be exact, 
  also , the imf had the knowledge and the experience with situations like that, 
  yeah but in order to translate it to reality , you measure the median person . 
  ( i dont know the figures at all ), 
  yes but the balanced budget should be really balanced and not saving up the money that were supposed to go as expense , so you didnt really make any money, 
  you are missing some europe there m8, 
  but that 's not gon na look russian :( how are we supposed to get euromonies now ?? 
  xaxaxa helps keep debtors away since they confuse us with russia, 
  they have it ? 
  \\  neo-nazi \\  think, 
  true but when it comes to being efficient , the greek farmer is way less efficient than the german factory worker due to ( among other things ) the nature of the profession . 
  this , however , doesnt take away the hard work either one does . 
  what 's up with the sky, 
  has it been 4 months ? 
  i think it is too soon . 
   a final edit , they appointed possibly the most annoying person as a president of the parliament ( constantopoulou ) who has managed to alienate half the parliament and seems to have issues even with her own party members . 
  how do people resist punching her in the face, 
   slash all the pensions , public sector employment they tried to not cut since the crisis the previous goverment actively * slashed * all that actually ( well not 100 % , but they were not really disagreeing ), 
  i see . 
  but in the end we still lost from the germans : c, 
  smart move / s, 
  exactly my thoughts, 
  i get the ww2 reference for germans , but what do you got on us ? 
  by the time shit started happening we were shakira law, 
  so yeltsin is cameron and gorbachev is juncker ? 
  i agree with everything you say with one small objection on the details : i think many parliaments have the 3 % threshold . 
  i would agree that it would be * solely * so we dont get muslim parties in the parliament if the threshold was similar to the turkish , for example , threshold we saw recently ( 10 % ) . 
  germans passive aggressive , as we have never seen them before .
