  wtf are you talking about !!, 
  those dirty buraeucrats in brussels are deciding shit without us !, 
  well that greece you describe is the present greece . 
  not the hundred years ago greece . 
  if europarliament actually made pan european laws bypassing/not requiring national parliamnents their `` we dont have sovereignty '' argument would be half true . 
  team too weird for my liking d :, 
  i support croatia and belgium . 
  i just like the teams  . 
  also i like france too but i dont like supporting early favourites . 
  maybe we could get special flairs for the event ? 
  of course it is, 
  well , it is the same in greece too , but 80 % of their voters have participated in small part . 
  i am fine with that . 
  potatoes are awesome !, 
  i love how people still fall for it . 
  you are my hero, 
  cozying up to putin are the anti-eu voices not the anit-usa ones . 
   you would n't treat serbian war criminals as heroes and rock stars beck in the 90s . 
  we do ?? 
  all i know is that there are peacekeeping volunteers in kosovo . 
  no they are not . 
  russia only matters to religious nuts which make less that 1 % of the population . 
  maybe russians feel that way ( i know serbs do ) but in greece after the 80s we got pretty progressive, 
  sure, 
  haha nope, 
  nope, 
  nope, 
  nope, 
  people that answer to you have it all wrong . 
  the other greek guy got close , but still not bulls eye . 
  the real reason is this : we really despise war . 
  and the usa is notorious for going all over the world invading countries . 
  so , especially after iraq , usa and uk were pretty unpopular in greece ( many people talked bad not only for bush , but for tony blair too ) . 
  russia has nothing to do with it . 
  not only believed . 
  clinton oficially apologised in the 90s, 
  yes i wasnt talking about food regulations . 
  i was talking about social laws like the death penalty ( not that britain would introduce it , i an just presenting an example ), 
  well , you mean how it will be advertised . 
  in reality , uk will join all the trade and movement agreements that norway has for example , and then noone is gon na be harmed , only uk wont have to have the common european law , and wont be in the european parliament . 
  i tihnk anglo is a codeword for cunt / s, 
  i think wine isnt a spirit, 
  and before that , sweden, 
  france and italy were never full catholic unless it was about heresy . 
  not as much as the iberians , germans , and poles for that matter . 
  arent health warnings like the ones on cigarette packs ? 
  like , ingredients are listed anyway, 
  and by `` the greeks '' you mean this dude that replied to you and a pm thats a sinking ship of humiliation waiting to be voted out . 
  clinton . 
  also the only one to seem to be actually advised/influenced by experts . 
  i do admit though that her vote-gather strategies are terrible . 
  i agree that trump points to actual existing problems , but his solutions are bad . 
  celtic ? 
  a great team ? 
  please expand, 
  oh shit i assumed they were saying `` revenant '' in movies and shit d :, 
  and the protestants are called revenants ? 
  same in crete . 
  2,50 $ is reasonable, 
  the ones that play eu4 sure know it though, 
  t_t ... thank fuck those tags exist otherwise i would have lost my pus lol . 
  tbh im more scared of getting rekt lmao, 
  jolly good, 
  i think these mp lack some light trashtalk  as a brit i think you will appeciate it  ) ), 
  good, 
  its gray, 
  well i agree with you that unemployment benefits and access to education are important . 
  now , saying that we need communism ( i exaggerate to make a point ) to achieve that is delusional . 
  our current system is more than capable of achieving that ( assuming we are talking about places where it hasnt been already achieved ), 
  please ... the `` automation is gon na kill labour '' is the most memey meme in / r/badeconomics and for a good reason . 
  let me explain it as simply as i can . 
  that automated factory displaced those people in asia , but it requires other type of workers while providing cheaper goods . 
  it 's a win-win situation . 
  the stereotypical image of erdogan we have in our heads would looooove if all people in turkey regarded religion on the top of their priorities , regardless of religion . 
  a christian fanatic in turkey would vote for erdogan over the prime opposition . 
  well , that makes him ukip-style right winger . 
  in greece this party ( anel ) is 3,5 % in parliament and it is also in the goverment . 
  wow there . 
  lets not get carried away . 
  liberalism and fascism are the same thing - irl communists . 
  yea russian programmers are something else, 
  oh , my bad . 
  it 's been years since we learned that stuff in school , so i made the connection . . sorry !, 
  i am claiming burgundy . 
  if i can make it : /, 
  ohh i mixed those up . 
  cyrillic comes from the name of one of the two makers cyrillus ( \u039a\u03cd\u03c1\u03b7\u03bb\u03bf\u03c2 in greek ) . 
  he was a byzantine tasked to make an alphabet which would have letters for the phonetics the slavs had so they could use it and have translated bibles . 
  bulgarians recieved it first . 
  and it spread on the other orthodox slavs ( serbians , russians , etc ) . 
  it 's not a bulgarian alphabet, 
  so , tl ; dr , it 's not the spanish that are wrong is those damn colonials, 
  maybe he was advertising a movie he made ? 
  please dont tell that sean penn has said that falklands should be to argentina, 
  are they superior ? 
  did you ask greece if they want it ? 
   serbs damn those serbs get triggered easily, 
   their only claim is `` well they 're nearby our coast '' it 's not their only claim . 
  they have one more ( but it 's just as bullshit as this one ) . 
  when they got independence from spain , spain basically said : `` yeah all this land is yours now and so is this island ( falklands ) '' .
