  do you know what a monopoly is ? 
  but it will easy as fuck for a new/cheaper app to pop up ( like lyft ) if uber abuses their monopoly position ( which they dont have and never will ) . 
  taxis on the other hand are actively protected by the govt . 
  you think people earning less than min wage are the ones to be helped by banning uber ? 
  they are gon na be hurt . 
  and people going to these less than min wage jobs are gon na be hurt because they wont be able to uber their way to work . 
  thats a different thing . 
  what you say is when governments make a min wage . 
  what he says is when cars firstly arrive in greece ( some 100 years ago ) and the administration of pelopponese bans them ( after extensive lobby by the cart owners ), 
   hopefully contribute positively to the overall composition of society but dont you think that it needs to be proven that protecting taxis even more is better for society ? 
  huh ? 
  well . 
  the tories didnt lose their grip on power . 
  it cost them an eu , but they still are firmly first . 
  i wonder why people still vote for them . 
  rush b anyway ? 
  stupid, 
   but you do n't really seem to actually care much about your country so i 'm not sure i should believe you , maybe the other guy that called you lazy and incompetent was actually right . 
  i am not overly nationalist !, 
  that surely means that i hate * the country * whatever that abstract characterism includes !!, 
  also , if you want to get under my skin you shouldnt call me lazy , i am disincentivised to that . 
  oh what am i saying , saltright trolls are never original, 
   losing their homes to banks in greece no . 
  the bank threaten to take the house you set as mortgage in your loan , but they never actually take them because they are worthless now . 
   they are planning to give them to illegal immigrants ? 
  why would anyone do that  my friend is adamant that the eu forced greece to pass a bill that will let banks get peoples houses oh great . 
  bills have numbers and shit . 
  what bill would that be ? 
   the eu is going to basically pay banks to give the houses to immigrants ahhh , sure . 
  conspiracy theories with no base . 
  * tinfoil hat intensifies *  how true is this ? 
  do you think bush did 9-11 ? 
  tell your friend to take his altright conspiracy theories , dig a hole , dump them in , join them , and then close the hole back . 
  cheers . 
  i doubt that, 
  huh ? 
  which countries would that be, 
  so , in essence he gets to do nothing . 
  i think/thought that overall tories had bigger impact on the brexit vote than farage . 
  he was a fringe , until the tories started immitating him so they wouldnt lose votes . 
  and even if he got/would got as popular as 3rd party , his positions were irrelevant since there is a fptp system . 
  what i mean , is that he is only talks . 
  the actions belong to the tories . 
  he is saying it sarcastically , since `` expat '' is used as a sugarcoat for `` immigrant '', 
  in his defence : he is not really elected in britain though . 
  and now his party has lost the one seat they had in parliament . 
  did he play a huge role in the brexit vote ? 
  yes , but his responsibility over the end result is not that big . 
  it 's not like he * actually * influences what 's gon na happen with brexit . 
  i see the link and think : `` ha . 
  i bet he will butcher greek '' . 
  click on it ... well at least i didnt bet on it . 
  no arguing necessarily . 
  just killing time on reddit i guess . 
  yeah i got that . 
  my point was that there would never be a decisive french victory ever . 
  unless revolutions like 1848 . 
  there was no victory for france . 
  just war after war after war and on and on ... 
  what about a longer timeline ? 
  two among many fighting for hegemony ? 
  there was no nobility in britain 's european interventions ( barring ww2 tho ), 
  great way twisting it . 
  if you say it enough times , you might believe it . 
  christian sort-of-albanians who lived throughout west/northwest ( iirc ) greece and took part in the revolution . 
  it worked like that for them because of religion ( and muslim albanians , called `` turkalbanians '' that time , were in the ottoman side obv ) . 
  after the revolution the christians integrated and became greeks . 
  now , you get 2017 nationalist albanians ( ! ), 
  claiming legacy . 
  greek national costume of certain areas ( though i guess you could see it outside of greece aswell ) *, 
  egypt ? 
  wtf is half the island uncolonised by humans, 
  wait until you find out about new france, 
  i am jealous of your nickname to be honest, 
  arent there schools in the countryside ? 
  city halls ? 
  juuuust got ta massacre the right kind of people . 
  pff what am i saying , they are not people !, 
  hello from a 9 month shithole, 
  didnt you see ? 
  alive and well indeed . 
   the birth of domestic eu terrorism these people have been around for at least 30 years . 
  the media just now told them to hate on schauble tho, 
  william the ballsohardmotherfuckerswannafindme, 
  it 's got a lake in the middle ? 
  i can see kammenos saying that stuff . 
  well warcraft was supposed to be in the warhammer universe but they didnt end up getting the rights, 
  i see the stereotype of the drunk priest is not exclusively greek, 
  well i didnt vote for him, 
   get to pick woman, 
  also , byzantine empire, 
  you didnt understand what i said . 
  the interest is indeed to be paid by greece . 
  but without the bailouts , the only difference would have been that greece wouldnt have paid the interests . 
  the primary budget is balanced . 
  any and all euromoney go to interest payments . 
  greece wouldnt have been able to pay them without the bailouts and there would have been default . 
  that would be bad for greece , and bad for the lenders - german and french banks mostly . 
  did it help greece ? 
  sure , but not out of good altruism and the warm heart of schaeuble so let 's not pretend you own the place or have a moral high ground .
