  brazil ? 
  ah , yes . 
  i read that a lot of them also fled during the revolution towards syria since they were scared about their religion . 
  are there turks in crete ? 
  til, 
  that wasnt reproduced the same way as the muslim versions . 
  your statements are correct though . 
  my point was that if you come to a place with christian people and you start drawing a jesus having sex with stgeorge 's dino crocodile , you gon na get assaulted . 
  you underestimate that a bit i think . 
  well , third political power is pretty high for greek standards . 
  also keep in mind that the traditionally centre-right , has gotten a lot more just-right/far-right from 2009 ( getting people from small time far right parties/ex-junta supporters/ex-golden dawn members etc ) , so that draws some votes . 
  even today in greece we see that . 
  they are not latinos , or germanics , or slavs . 
  so , that is reflected in their language . 
  the funniest shit is when you serve a beer to a british person and he says : i dont want the foam , i am not german !, 
  ( said as if `` german '' is an insult ) , to the polar opposite : germans laughing at beers which are not at least 25-75 foam-beer ratio and calling them `` apfelsaft '', 
  do you think they would put that on their frontpage ? 
  you should see what they have to say about gays and other stuff . 
  you know the things that you would n't see in their tv ads . 
  not even they know what they are . 
  wow benedict pic looks like a goth metal album cover . 
  creativity is not about art necessarily, 
  dunno , the knowledge i got from school really kicked off my creativity . 
  no he is not, 
  le persecution, 
  damn he really tries with the accent, 
  lol kittens , we are so corrupt , even the measurements of corruption would be affected, 
  we also have a german bayonet from ww2 . 
  who 's home ? 
  tbf the uk has survived worse stuff . 
  you mean the english sovereignty or the uk sovereignty ? 
  not if you have a variety of accents, 
  ah , straight through the river !, 
  excellent choice . 
  california vs texas ? 
  denying support or actively supporting is the `` being involved '' ? 
  well , the usa can still make a request , and greece can still deny support . 
  they are below see level and i am making a joke about that . 
   center-left is nonexistent , center-right has been reduced to pretty much nothing , the far-left is a bunch of dreamers who either only care about getting a job ( and shitting on their voterbase ) or have really utopian ideas ... the far-right is ... on the whole economy/social aspect of things they 're pretty much left but the whole family feud and omnipresent racism towards our own citizens ( not even migrants who might or might not be a threat but french citizens born in france who actually care about their country ) is a huuuuuge turn-off . 
   idk ... who else could i vote for ? 
  hunting , fishing and traditions ( yes that 's a real party ) ... maybe the royalists ? 
  :d holy shit you just described greece ( even the party of the hunters and the royalists ), 
  denmark : flat bike country . 
  like the netherlands , but they are not drowning and they call their dijks `` bridges '', 
  which one, 
  that 's 1:100 ... holy shit ... 
  what 's german, 
  why would my money hate you ? 
  nothign whatsoever . 
  if anyone tells you something about crete he is lying !, 
  do quebecoisie count as latin americans ? 
  ^ ^ it ^ ^ was ^ ^ cool , ^ ^ unlike ^ ^ mine, 
  just dont take our hands, 
  they can be irritating . 
   not-yet https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union, 
  sony ericsson k700i . 
  that thing was rambo . 
  edit : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sony_ericsson_k700, 
   is clearly not for the benefit of the germans . 
  i dont think that it was made to benefit the germans or anything , but they for sure got benefitted ( is that a word ) by that . 
  what would a clever move be ? 
  i am not an expert , but , in 2008 the americans did a qe and they still havent seen any serious inflation . 
  only reduced unemployment . 
  it took the ecb to 2015 to do the first limited qe . 
  that 's 7 long bureaucraticly slow years . 
  the attitude of `` leave it to the national goverments '' by eu , is shit . 
  from clever monetary policy . 
  not the ecb working for germany etc. 
  \\  ball, 
  it 's not about being white , it is about being relatively close . . 
   rakimelo is particularly good rakomelo * . 
  ( i am glad you like it ), 
  i live ways off kavala ( or bulgaria ) :p . i understand what you say that for large groups , it is gon na cost less for each person , i mean , makes sense right ? 
   very high number of romanians that go on summer holiday in greece i work at hotels every summer and i have seen a total of 2 families ( 7 people ) . 
  thats what i thought until i saw the last pic, 
  that 's what i have problem with, 
  raki doesnt turn white with ice ? 
  you really confused me now ... 
  interesting as fuck, 
  what magic is this, 
  so , that 's the whole deal ? 
  i am glad your standard for public trains is that high guys . 
  good on switzerland . 
  as for the others , prepare for anschluss !, 
  what is this pic from ? 
  i see it often . 
  god bless eukalyptus, 
  1 . you hunt to eat , not for entertainment 2 . you try to make the animal suffer as least as possible 3 . you dont cause ecological damage these 3 things are a no-brainer and i am glad you got them covered . 
  the one point i want to raise is this : to whom do these whales * belong * ? 
  it is the same as hunting birds . 
  do these birds belong to you so you are allowed ( morally or legally ) to make them your food ? 
  also , just because it is legal in faroe , it doesnt mean that we have to accept it and not scrutinise it . 
  on the other hand , i do feel that all the criticism might be overextended because whaling has a bad stigma ( mostly because of the japanese ) . 
  oh well what can i tell you . . it 's not like i know 100 % insight in gun smuggling :p, 
  by fake i mean not russian , ua , etc, 
  in pakistan and bangladesh , people make fake kalashnikovs which they sell in the black market ( good ol' traditions since the british empire , alongside heroin ) . 
  they cost about 1.5 k $ . 
  maybe they find their way to brussels ? 
  well , height must come into play aswell, 
   i almost did n't see anyone who was overweight how do you define overweight o.o,
