  typical centre right that is probably the most popular across europe . 
  basically : let 's make money , but 200 year old nations are important, 
  yes but an imperium needs a caesar, 
  same thing with greece afaik . 
  if one is under 18 , the other one is allowed to be up to 20 . so people that are 18-20 can have relationships with anyone . 
  that 's a huge sacrifice you do for your country . 
  it 's the inner englishman in him that calls him to get shitfaced drunk in prague . 
  there are people here that are legit concerned that any day now turkey is gon na invade cause we have crisis, 
   so who cares a few people, 
  im not greece, 
  by greece i mean where i live . 
  and i live near the sea and in crete . 
  so ... the only ice i know is the one i put in my drink, 
  there is not that much snow either, 
  in greece we would be trying all to fit under the porch and we would be talking to each other how the buss can be so fucking late again, 
  accidentally non-germans . 
  jk jk you guys are cool, 
  get a dog if you have the leisure, 
  i agree but still the choices were pretty fucking dogshit and that reflects what the party has to offer . 
  liberal conservative with emphasis on liberal . 
  there are no liberals in greece . 
  there are only the corrupted by/for the easy euromonies and the ones that aim to one day be like the former . 
  we see this process the last year with syriza . 
  no dude he is gon na fight oikogeneiokratia, 
  i was talking about poland, 
  losing war *, 
  you dont fuck them up , you just tease . 
  heavily . 
  have you ever talked to anyone that went through that all the way to being to the old ones ? 
  i can tell you anecdotes but i dont know how useful they are . 
  you obviously didnt understand what i mean with `` get to shit on the new guys '', 
  every army in the world does it . 
  it 's a universal thing . 
  it varies i assume , but the idea is the same . 
  also , did you just assume that regular conscripts are gon na be useful in warfare ? 
  and even if they are , the circumstances of such warfare will arise . 
  m8 u dreaming, 
  i had to wake up early today . 
  fuck this shit . 
  same here . 
  until you go there and realise that you are just a useless lazy piece of sweaty uniform . 
  oh well , at least you get to take pictures for facebook where you get a lot of likes and get to shit on the new guys . 
  `` the word for psychology in european languages '' . 
  a tear will be shed on my eye ... 
  and the spray is easier to learn than m4 imo, 
  i fucking hate these maps . 
  they are so interesting but we are so alone every time, 
  were n't they broken aswell ? 
  thank god greece is not there . 
  crisis averted . 
  i cant wait for russian tourist credit card drama, 
  about that ... 
  i did not know that . 
  why is that ? 
  how do you make the distinction, 
  so , recognition of the northern part ? 
  lol, 
  bike lane made of solar panels ... that 's the most dutch thing ever . 
  meritocracy , not being corrupted , being progressive . 
  car makers go to certain countries because the labourers are experienced . 
  ( and that is not limited to car makers ), 
  yeah cause farmers can compete with car makers in productivity . 
  future poland ? 
  that 's the joke . 
  it 's the equivalent of `` obama atheist-muslim '', 
  this is just western turkopapist propaganda, 
  hello . 
  random person here . 
  10/10 would swap place with them, 
  this initiative has not effect on people who oppose it . 
  it says nothing about eu, 
  i am sure if you are an athlete noone is gon na take you training rifle away . 
  see you there, 
  my dl is about 6.5 mpbs . 
  if you are a newbie , forming germany is pretty commendable since it is pretty hard imo . 
  oh my bad . 
  i got confused . . ofc it 's the host 's upload that matters ... also your greek flag confused me . . . 
  anyway , can i join to try ? 
  i 've never played mp ever so i have no idea if my pc can do it . 
  are you in greece ? 
  i can hit 60kb/s upload and have really low ping for greek servers . 
  what year are you on, 
  you will host ? 
  well , as reformed you cant become emperor unless there is white peace in the religious league war ( i think ) . 
  if they do , and the protestants win , as brandenburg it is pretty easy to be emperor ( assuming you became protestant ), 
  did the religious leagues happen ? 
  you left hre ?? 
  as brandenburg you can become emperor and benefit from that . 
  i was talking about coalitions making it hard for you :p . basically because ae is double for hre members . 
  that 's actually really useful , but i was talking what additional requirements there are for the multiplayer ( i can run eu4 kinda easily on my pc ), 
  well , that 's a bad comparison . 
  i am sure you can find `` what do you do with a 3-wood that you ca n't do with a 9-iron ? '' . 
  tell me more about the details . 
  ( not the golf details , the rifles ones ), 
  can someone tell me about the system requirements ? 
  elections . 
  what do you do with semi automatic rifles that you cant do with a pistol ? 
  interesting, 
  nothing on the press release . 
  the initiative doesnt say anything about reservist .
