  not even a little apologism ? 
  i am suprised actually, 
  gr8 b8 m8 . 
  also , gr8 catch m8, 
  mid scroll i was like : what am i doing ?? 
  then i noticed the easter egg !, 
  haaahahaha . 
  anyway : happy euro-cake day !, 
  oh come on every country does that . 
  i am scared to check the opinion of my countrymen . 
  my personal opinion is that the only correct , once and for all solution is to make it better for them to not migrate by investing in african countries . 
  this includes putting * friendly goverments in charge . 
  * i am gon na hate myself later for what i implyed there . 
  fun story : the first time the troyka representatives ever came to greece ( like 2010 or something ) , the hotel where they checked in offered them a discount if they didnt ask for a receipt . 
  and by white you mean anglo-saxon-germanic master race, 
  the `` p '' is silent ^ jkdontkillmedontkillme, 
   weekly damn im missing out, 
  that 's easy to say without neonazis in the parliament edit : not that i support the law, 
  wtf ?? 
  that 's like a freestyle rap battle ... is it always like that ? 
  my dad told me that he remembers black clouds, 
  he should go to eastern europe and tell them that they had it all wrong all that time !, 
  i know that feel sadpepe.jpg, 
  finally someone coloured crete  ^ ^ imgonnakillyoulast, 
  greece is the most loyal you french fuck ;d, 
  zeus = iron fist = soviet union ?!, 
  what does prometheus has to do with it ?!, 
  well , i guess if there happens a coup , / r/europe please let me know okay ? 
  honestly , nationalistic shit aside , samast doesnt sound greek at all ... 
  and some fuckups 100 years later still glorify war ... ( not intereuropean i mean ), 
  i meant that you were calling people for being racist while generalising several countries thus being racist yourself, 
  you mean we dont already ? 
  yes . 
  despite their best efforts, 
   people from x are racist . 
  you say that you had a few weeks after you smoke . 
  i dont know detail but does it really stay in urine after such a long time ? 
  so you just propose to lower the standards at to what qualifies as `` intoxicated '' . 
  oh and please know that the same thing happens if they test your blood and they find alcohol and you havent drunk in days . 
  i dont know about you , but i feel safer thinking that the drivers are not high when they are driving . 
  not that i know of . 
  he is the most famous lamoyo . 
  the shit he has pulled to profit are incedible ... 
  coulda been better imo, 
  i agree . 
  the americans ( and the europeans too , we are not little innocent flowers ) would love to see heavy turkish public outcry and then intervene to put a favourable guy ( again ) in charge . 
  but they wont do anything unless.the turkish people tear shit up . 
  greek english ein bisschen deutsch and a little bit of everything to the point i interact with lazy tourists that dont bother to learn english ( im looking at you russians italians and elder french ), 
  only the previous one ? 
  who told you that we got rid of it ? 
  the electorate body is mostly really really old, 
  this sounds like something we would have done, 
  dat ben franklin, 
  also , he matches it with the wrong hat . . what a pleb, 
  relevant name, 
  suuuuuuuuuure . 
  it 's all a lie . 
  we live like kings and we just cook the numbers . 
  the unemployment is because we dont have to work anymore with all them euromonies, 
  fuck pitchforking and mob rule , man, 
  greece implemented austerity though . 
  7 full years of it . 
  dont worry you will turn 19 someday . 
  i meant 1 of the 15 countries that emerged from the dissolve . 
  then we struggle for anything ? 
  hunger is reality . 
  why eat when hungry ? 
  do you question reality ??? 
  listen . 
  the mechanism of free market leads to perfect equilibrium . 
  fact . 
  now , this rule has exceptions . 
  fact aswell . 
  on these exceptions , there are solutions for these * market failures * . 
  some of them , involve the state . 
  boom . 
  there 's your necessity for a state . 
  this paragraph is just commonly known facts . 
  if you deny any of the aforementioned , you might aswell deny that the earth is round . 
  two more things : 1 ) this * invisible force * that creates these imperfections , let 's call it reality . 
  now , just because these happen because of reality , it doesnt mean that we should just let it be and be like `` oh well , i guess that 's just how things are '' . 
  we can act on them and we do act on them . 
  2 ) but this `` thing '' is not reality . 
  there is no `` let 's not influence that , and let 's see what 's gon na happen . '', 
  by choosing not to intervene , you are already influencing the outcome by your not-intervention . 
  the `` default '' is not `` look the other way '' . 
  shit this turned out to be long : /, 
  but you can always homeschool them !!, 
  * duh-duh-duuuun * freedom ensured !, 
  i think that this is a little bit of an exaggeration , but even if it is not : why not ? 
  if the remaining 25 % is of quality ? 
  oh for sure , i am never eating ice cream ever again because of this joke . 
  but it is still a joke . 
   but i have seen people stretch `` colonialism '' to all of turkey and telling us to go back to central asia you shouldnt take such people seriously though ... 
  who 's the face that is reflected on it ? 
  okay now i 've made up my mind . 
  you are joking after all . 
  took me 3 comments , but hey , at least i got it . 
  you were gon na run out of ideas soon anyway . 
  thanks for the laugh ,
