  what ? 
  i should have tried that ( . _ . ), 
  what do you mean trolling ? 
  i cant see it dx, 
  oh poor albanians that never cause anything . 
  oh i am sorry , is that too non-passive aggressive for you ? 
  edit : or is it really serbia and im a major dick now ? 
  untill a proper alternative is present , the people will keep on voting them . 
  dude you are probably 1/16 romanian . 
  jk we can all see the `` positiv '' `` negativ '' :d, 
  all of it . 
  isnt he trolling ? 
  half of each , stronger that both !, 
  greece is left/pseudoleft country . 
  the people dont care all that much about ideology , they only care about which member of the parliament is from the same village as them so he can help us after he gets elected . 
  the left/pseudoleft characterisation is used here because most of the time ( after the 67-73 junta ) , the center-left ( social democratic ) pasok was ruling . 
  edit : anel is the most populistic disgusting political party ever . 
  goldern dawn is anti-eu because the only other right wing party ( nd , today 's majority in parliament ) is pro eu . 
  the communist party is anti-eu because it was anti-eu even back in late 70s when we got in , and it was anti-eu back then because the majority party was pro-eu . 
  if with warrant , i am good with it . 
  if without , i dont like it . 
  agree . 
  imperialism . 
  everyone does it . 
  if they have interest in the area ( political , economical , etc ) , they do have a say in certain stuff there . 
  now , if the moldova-eu trade is something they are entitled with a say , i dont know . 
  im gon na do deeper search and come back to you :d it 's 4am now : /, 
  why are you angry ? 
  did i say something that offended you ? 
  i didnt want to start an argument and it took me 3 of your comments to even realise you are having an aggressive `` tone '' . i just wanted clearification on whether will it be a nato thing or a usa-romania thing . 
  arabs were never a threat to greece . 
  for example , gadaffi was friends with a. papandreou ( pm 81-89 , 92-death ) and even his son ( pm 2009-2012 ) visited him only months before the whole conflict that followed . 
  i dont think that greece can make anyone angry enough to nuke us ... except turkey . 
  edit : our state belongs to germany , americans use the naval nato base as they please ( most recently syria and lybia ) , russian tourists are coming in vast numbers and the chinese get to have our biggest port ( piraeus ) for at least 10 more years . 
  we have every major power pleased . 
  missile shield ** base **, 
  the whole darude-sandstorm meme started when darude performed in a dreamhack event  edit : i just noticed . 
  biggest lan in the world ? 
  the birthplace of dudududududududududududududududududududududududududududududududududududududududududududududududududududududududududududududududududududududududududududududududududududududududududududududududududududududududududududududududu, 
  is it going to be a nato base or just a usa base ? 
  draghi wants to keep the interest rate for euro low ( like the dollar does or yen ) , but that can maybe raise the inflation . 
  now , the germans are very and a lot inflationphobic ^ tm ( because weimar republic ) , but their power is limited since the ecb is by law tottally independent ( with the restriction that it cant just print money to cover deficits ) . 
  it is a twitch face/emote that implies sarcasm . 
  edit : http://twitchemotes.com/emote/_kappa_, 
  depends on the archbishop high in the hierarchy that sets the rules of given religion . 
  he makes the rule and the priests follow that line . 
  if that religion doesnt approve gay mariage , then if the couple want the `` god 's approval '' they wouldnt be a couple in the first place . 
  we just keep unemployment high to keep inflation low kappa edit : / s ( for those who dont get kappa ), 
  if it is a full time job , it is a job . 
  what could work better than turning the greeks against each other ? 
  no regrets, 
  if the king obeys the parliament , i think it is actual democracy ( like it is in uk ) . 
  but then again , if the majority of spaniards want him gone , that 's a democratic appeal aswell . 
  i see . 
  thanks . 
  i looked him up some time ago ( when he was still the monarch ) but wasnt sure . 
  thanks, 
  oh my bad . 
  that 's his son that was prince of catalonia right ? 
  there there, 
  why are they protesting against monarchy . 
  does the monarch ( juan carlos ? ), 
  has that much authorital power ? 
  well ... sometimes it 's good to see what we have in common rather than what we have different . 
  you underestimate the runet . 
  look at all those people waiting for politicians to do exactly as promised !, 
  ah i see ... i should have known ... same thing is here . . 
  ok . for sure he is not stupid ( for being there ) . 
  that move is risky as fuck and there is no way he is that altruistic . 
  where is the `` support from the outside '' is coming from ? 
  america ? 
  that 's a real question ... 
  how come the top parties are also the most hated ? 
  i assume the smaller ones dont give a serious alternative ? 
  can you tell me which of these parties are pro-eu and which are not ? 
  thanks, 
  makes sense . 
  i mean , i would have wanted to migrate to aus too . 
  an improvement since the colonisation i guess : *, 
  where do the uk people migrate to ? 
  i aggre with you . 
  but i really dont like the idea that we are supposed to live in the `` fear '' of getting hacked ... i mean ... in almost the entirety developed countries , we dont live in the fear of getting mugged ( i guess there are a lot of exceptions , but they are still exceptions ) . 
  i just dont think that accepting the fact that hackers are around every corner of the internet should be tolerated . 
  i didnt disagree with you . 
  but i believe that just because you put nudes on icloud , them being leaked shouldnt be a correct thing to have done . 
  dont forget that these pieces get stolen from icloud . 
  the only differnce from the persons that saved nudes at icloud from being smart to being stupid , is that someone decided that he wanted to steal them . 
  another analogy i would put : you put money on a bank . 
  everything is fine and you are smart , until this bank goes bankrupt . 
  you , now , are stupid but you are also a victim . 
  ( assuming the bank did go bankrupt by a bad guy/equivalent of the hacker ), 
  on your analogy , i want to add : also , not every kid that has played on the road deserves to get hit by car . 
  i didnt voice an opinion . 
  i had a question i wanted to ask . 
  i guess he can like catalonia and thinking that it should be in spain . . 
  are you supporting the potential independency of catalonia ? 
  agreed , but the way to push for these reforms is not by making the area independent . 
  doesnt the parliament have seats assigned for catalonia that can push for such issues ? 
  i believe that if you want independence the only valid reason is ethnic differences . 
  hmm ... i didnt now that catalonia wasnt like the rest of spain .
