  on the contrary , they have gone hand in hand, 
  oh come on , it was * a little * imperialistic, 
  that guy took his acting skills in real life and became a governor of an important state in another country . 
  i 'd say he is a very good actor :d, 
  you have snow right now in canada ? 
  god damnit i knew the first one but i was in a hurry so you didnt think i was cheating :d, 
  popokatepetl ye ( that was not cyrrilic   vulkan ou meksiku . 
  kada eruptrira svi na namestai ( j is not in russian i am confused !!!, 
  ) , yer pod ye lava poposomething and balkan or mexico ?? 
  lol is that all you got that 's a greek word . . i hope you are trolling fotografii, 
  what do i win ? 
  okay . 
  give me something in cyrillic a/b, 
  holy fuck . 
  i am speechless . 
  and you have the american flag too . 
  10/10 this is so perfect . 
  funny , thats how we get our shit together too in greece, 
  funny , thats how we get our shit together too in greece, 
   4-5 years ago disguised as turism agencies they are still known where im from . 
  and as recent as last year i had people close to me putting money ... 
  it 's good to be proud for the correct reasons , that is, 
  2/10 no bijk, 
  why are they so . . 
  rectangly ? 
  how, 
  when your diplomatic penis is more important that the food in your plate, 
  lol the captions, 
  i kinda got it . 
  thats why i replied only to you :d, 
  well i wasnt trying to offend people lol, 
  thats just a dude in his boat, 
  is this the one that rules the waves ?? 
  it would be a shame if an anschluss was to happen ... 
  yeah but this is a malfunction of the system , not its goal ... 
  all the new accouts who also happen to be hitlers are regualars from 7 years ago, 
  thrones in general . 
  kings , queens , etc, 
  so it 's an orthodox and catholic thing bar the former eastern bloc, 
  napoleon , is that you ? 
  * eventually *, 
  or you could go 10 years back and see the retards saying how `` in 10 years '' shit 's gon na hit the fan . 
  nice . 
  what does your passport say, 
  unless you give them the czechia treatment, 
  glycksburg specifically, 
  there is a greek facebook page that calls for the return of the royals, 
  yay for steps backwards / s, 
  it 's also the suit, 
  tfw you are eating right now, 
  they hold a title they didnt earn . 
  i am not trying to sound edgy , but they are literally heads of state out of birthright . 
  not that you got ta go republic , just saying, 
  you know , ideollogically it 's wrong , but in practice it 's fine and it has more benefits than costs . 
  thats what i think, 
  there are definitely sources for either side, 
  oook, 
  who decided that cyprus is asia, 
  \\  contributes at ball of polan \\  ca n't handle low effort memes does not compute, 
  [ mfw ] ( http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/671/389/7a9.jpg ), 
  shouldnt then rhodes be asia and greece be a transcontinental country ? 
  turkey has a part in europe, 
  reddit people think that they * win * if they have the last word . 
  i got angry when you tried to avoid the `` argument '' in a silly way . 
  yes i am butthurt is because i am greek . 
  i decide on matters with the only thing influencing my decision my nationality . 
  maybe the only thing you know about me is my nationality so you prax it out and it has to be cause of that little ** important ** flag next to the username oh you said the b-word first !, 
  that means you win all the karma while letting me alone in the corner . 
  i 'm glad we agree :d, 
  rhodes is closer to asia than cyprus is . 
  the rule is simple : the mediterranean islands are europe . 
  that 's it . 
  not arbitrary lines and `` how it looks '', 
  rhodes is closer to asia than cyprus is, 
  `` every muslim in syria is isis sympahiser and every muslim in lebanon is not '', 
  is rhodes in asia ? 
  definitely . 
  but dont you think that dividing them into countries is kinda absolute ? 
  no , cyprus is in europe, 
  what do you mean geographically, 
  if we made straight lines for borders, 
  i wonder how society is in there, 
  got ta be satire, 
  there there wronged child, 
  we use them on people, 
  labourers in big cities . 
  most people dont even know the groups that are there or the people in them . 
  they just vote the same thing they vote in the normal elections . 
  ( though i dont think that this approach is the only/best way to fix this ), 
  the northern-southern europe exchanges had me rofling pretty hard, 
  so . . im a nobel prize winner ? 
  my bad, 
  after obama took it for : nothing this prize is joke, 
  he already has a peace nobel prize, 
  ive never heard anyone irl call it misxos in crete, 
  it is ? 
  ( cretan ), 
  nominally, 
   hammer and schickle  eagle austria, 
  he is a liberal conservative christian democrat .
