  \u03c9 -  literally read as `` o '', 
  how do you pronounce the greek text in your head ? 
  i am curious ... 
  dunno what you mean . 
  europe is massively popular here . 
  same with eurozone . 
  private edu is literally satan here, 
  god save the queen, 
  woah there satan ... 
  suprisingly high for greece, 
  dem turkish \u03b9 haha . . everytime i play dota : dddd, 
  brb moving to finland edit : im back . 
  language impossible, 
  thats gon na be a bummer for the goverment, 
  or , you know , built to do 2 things : comfortably buying broken submarines and stroking our idiotic nationalistic dick . 
  turkey being the same ( or arguably worse , i dont know , i would be biased : / ) , is not a requirement imo . 
  well , i am not gon na shut my ears , yell la-la-la and pretend i * won * while being ignorant . 
  sorry , but imo thats a poor excuse . 
  what the hell is the relationship between romania and the internet ??? 
  its good eitherway , but it seems odd to me, 
  so you define if a country is a superpower comparatively ? 
  thats interesting . 
  fully federaling it for a month . 
  watch nationalists divide . 
  half of them being hipocrites , the other half going crazy, 
  we have a proportionally big military : /, 
  this just has to do with how you define superpower . 
  correct, 
  to be completely honest , i dont understand a few things you say due to simply not knowing about them . 
  so i am gon na agree with you since in a large extend you convinced me . 
  there are cases of reasource rich nations being poster boys and also piss poor . 
  instead of looking it that way `` the nat resources dont help significantly '' , think of it that way : `` what would russia be without these resources '' . 
  not a superpower i assume . 
  thats a long way from serie b. good job to juve . 
   italian football needs to go back to what it once was dont know about that m8, 
  ukraine wasnt really in the same situation, 
  actually , if you remove the people , america would love to have all the frozen desert of russia . 
  they have both the capital and the infastructure to exploit the area 's natural resources . 
  that makes two of us . 
  some german company tried to invest in solar panels in greece but their plans got ... grekt . 
  quite sad actually . 
  you miss the sand ? 
  the way you phrased it , it looked like you were a swede non terrorist . 
  there are domestic far leftists in greec that are terorrists , but lately they have only been getting high and jailtime . 
  also , golden dawn is a a party now , not a terorrist org , so yeah . 
  tourists have maybe been affected by the latter ( got media coverage ) , but i dont think that it is that bad . 
  how has that been working ? 
  what dont you understand ? 
  get off reddit and do your research . 
  i guess you can google `` lump of labour fallacy '', 
  the human is gon na do something else, 
  automation doesnt bring unemployment long term . 
  / r/badeconomics, 
  as with every war in the region , it matters more with whom the great powers will side this time . 
  correction : you overgenerslise inresponse to the article 's overgeneralisations m8, 
  i am still salty about 2010 :( everyone was saying `` spain spain '' and since may i was saying `` netherlands netherlands '' . 
  guess they showed me :(, 
  i concluded by saying that this is not the main problem . 
  i even said that this long term anti-growth would be `` fine '' , if not for the * other * problem . 
  which level, 
  you are overgeneralising m8, 
  the european media have their fair share and our media all they do is echo the parts that say about the negatives . 
  now , the good news is that i havent heard * actual * people from outside of terrible online forums being insensitive . 
  in fact , irl , a group of elder couples from england , at a cafe started talking about the whole situation , and they were seeing things from the greek perspective . 
  these were in greece , granted . 
  yes . 
  great strategy ... you have 140 % gdp debt . 
  what you do ? 
  you make 3 % primary surplus and you make the debt sustainable in the long term . 
  but , in order to make the surplus , you sacrificed 25 % of your gdp , so now the debt is even more than 140 % . 
  so , the strategy made the debt more ( in terms of gdp ) than it was before , without even accounting for interest rates , inflation . 
  and yet , all these wouldnt be * that * important , but the 25 % unemployment is crushing for a society , and is the most unbearable thing of the situation . 
  you cant make this shit up . 
  maybe it has something to do with last year syria when france was the only country from the major european trio that was agreeing in intervention ( merkel downright said no , and cameron couldnt pass it from the parliament ) . 
  then an american diplomat said : `` our best allies in europe are the french '' . 
  maybe that skewed a little bit into this unexpected result . 
   income and birth rates are still negatively correlated true , but what if you add the price level in the mix . 
  and that 's just accounting for the economic parameters . 
  in chad , when a kid is born , its expectetions in life are much `` lower '' . 
  even in our countries you can see the difference between more conservative societies and more progreesive ones . 
  for example , in the conservative society , the kids goal in life is to get married and have 5 kids , do the job of your father and inherit his belongings . 
  in the progressive society the goal is to get a bunch of degrees and a `` good '' job ( whatever that `` good job '' is supposed to be ) . 
  for example , one guy in this thread pointed out that the swedish part with the most fertility rate is the most conservative one . 
  maybe i am not explaining it the best , but i hope you understand what i am trying to say . 
  how are you supposed to have kids if you cant afford them ? 
  of course not ...  ... 
  pm me, 
  golden dawn was like that when i went to school . 
  now it is supposed to be a party though with their newspaper , their putin money and tv attention . 
  if i listen to that i will understand it 75 %, 
  i blame the british / s ( for words like roundabout etc ), 
  you count cypriot as different from greek ? 
  you should learn good russian for when russia comes to liberate the minority inside you xaxxaxaxa, 
  \\  make a wrong statement \\  say `` if you downvote this , it means it 's true '' \\  ?? 
  i was being sarcastic because i made a stupid mistake previously :p, 
  nice, 
  they did ? 
  england its not mi firs langage, 
  thinking that syriza supports putin is ignorant as fuck, 
  so it is either full soviet colony or full europe ?
