  not here though . 
  so you got that going for you : s, 
  yes but we also have edible food so it cancels out, 
  what is first past the post ? 
  is there any sort of special bonus to the winner ? 
  or if they come 33 % and 32 % they will have almost the same mp count ? 
  so , how close is it ? 
  does labour even have a chance ? 
  syriza doesnt support putin, 
  but he even has maradona . 
  he cant be corrupted !, 
  ethnosceptics * . sorry , but if it is gon na be a thing , it must be correct :p, 
  hopefully someone will make one of those really nicely done stickies and we can watch the elections closely , 
   it 's like they managed to find the smuggest , yet stupidest people in the country who are yet convinced that they are the most intelligent . 
  it is always like that . 
  no exceptions . 
  i am just glad that ours speak in greek and you cant see them be fool . 
  haha jokes on you !, 
  first they try to say that there is no climate change , and now this !, 
  what 's next ? 
  smoking is not good for your health ?? 
  agenda ? 
  like , what ? 
  you think territories are open to `` agendas '' ? 
  greeks officially a minority in greece, 
  what if it stayed as it is now ? 
  any change just seems for the worse, 
  exactly . 
  there is no denying either country 's contribution ( even french contribution ) . 
  i hate so much people that try to make this an one-liner while leaving important details out . 
  you can have the last word . 
  your words wont change the border anyways . 
  they do, 
  the borders include it . 
  nope . 
  they are in europe . 
  it counts as europe . 
  this thing is arbitrary anyway . 
  where are all the 60 + elders that vote conservative populist ? 
  i dont doubt you , but you must provide a source . 
  i suppose the ones that oppened them had the passion for the greek food and the descendants are kinda just stuck with them . 
  you are oversimplifying i feel and i am not an expert on the subject ... 
  were are your parents from . 
  tell me about your family tree , 
  hopefully we will live to ser it :d, 
  ah yes i get it now . 
  thanks, 
  there is a basic difference : death is permanent , timeouts scale . 
  what are these greek summer camps ? 
  thanks for your answer . 
  just a minor correction : there are about 4-5 accents in greece , probably your professor has the cypriot one . 
  thanks for the answer, 
  tell me about you, 
  i wouldnt call that a `` raise '' but hey , i could ask one thing : have you met any americans who had greek ancestors ? 
  how were they ? 
  your suggestions are very good . 
  i feel like this place could use a bit help sparking even more discusions and less posts about news . 
  i didnt say that a parliament can override basic human rights . 
  i just said that it could be an opportunity to settle this once and for all : federally , keeping the death penalty banned . 
  yes but you drifted a bit . 
  we were talking about life and death , not timeouts, 
  well isnt a basic human right the right to live ? 
  i suppose that if the parliament favoured the dp it would have been initiated by them . 
  also i dont understand you second sentence . . sorry : /, 
  good . 
  if it gets discussed in a parliament not favouring the death penalty , it will be sttled correctly once and for all . 
  you know it from la vache qui ritt right ? 
  guys i thought that we had this thing discussed . . no need to get defensive . . we all know the facts . 
  oh and also this : dont worry , stereotypes dont go away anyway . 
  well , belgium wasnt supposed to last as a thing anyway ha . 
  thanks m8, 
  athens was insignificant anyways . 
   wolfgang sch\u00e4uble is sitting in a wheel chair because he was shot by a lunatic . 
  what ? 
  i had no idea . . what the hell happened ? 
  this looks like a 3 in 1 . russia media distract , argentinian nationalists gain voice , and it might affect the uk elections . 
  especially in the falkland residents ( i dont know if they vote even though haha ), 
  poor wooden body, 
  thats what you get for bragging on the internets  but what am i saying ? 
  bragging is a swede 's birthright ;d, 
  wow . 
  its almost as if we are all humans ... 
  i actually have no clue on advanced coding so the compiling thing is news to me . 
  also , i think i understand your conclusion : basically it isnt raw better , but if i transitioned i would like it more . 
  but that transition is more dificult than it is useful from my current point of view . 
  thanks for the detailes explanation . 
  yes but if microsoft has all these malicious spyware , cant linux have too ? 
  also , right now i have windows and i am pretty comfortable . 
  what do i need to do that it is only available on linux ? 
  whats wrong with wndows ? 
  at a cafe : `` hey waiter , can i have an ashtray ? '', 
  * he brings an ashtray * `` you know , smoking is forbidden here '' * gives ashtray like nothing is up * gg, 
  varoufakis is a technocrat . 
  the rest you say i agree with . 
  proclaim the rebels of the free people 's socialist democratic republic of liberland , crown yourself supreme leader , declare war at the liberals and flee without surrendering . 
   i think the popular opinion on immigration has changed since 2011-12 these stories were always around . 
  the `` humanity '' in the people to save someone in need is never doubted . 
  but if you ask someone about his opinion macroscopically , he will give you the racist answer of the two . 
  of course , you could always say that it depends whom you ask , an elder woman in the centre of athens , or someone in a rich island . 
  every day something new i guess .
