  cant you just let me forget my mistake ? 
  jeez okay okay i wasnt expecting to take the comment that seriously , wtf . 
  how can you get so mad over an internet comment ? 
  ( i remember your username anyway and hold you in high regards from other comments of your eitherway ), 
  he is saying that he shouldnt be calling out terrorists because he is from corsica, 
  haha look at all that dark red in greece !, 
  communism is on the way boys !, 
   i 'm pointing out the irony of him saying other people are terrorists although he 's corsican til all corsicans are terrorists, 
  the only thing that unites balkans is the antigender, 
   how would do you define each category ? 
  they are defined by the iron courtain post ww2 . 
   are these categories relevant in 2015 , if yes , why ? 
  a little bit , yes . 
  but the western seems to be breaking down to north and south so that makes 3 categories . 
  nah , the olympic comitee is favourable to them so no, 
  not enough data i suppose, 
  now we cant know unless we see for ourselves , can we ? 
  this left is new left . 
  it 's mostly thinking the right is doing a shit job . 
  well , not thinking , living it . 
  it would get in order to get all that juicy gold, 
  you guys are making cameron look good, 
  with just the right amount of water too !, 
  fucking merkel is gon na be the most important pesron of the decade, 
  hey . 
  i am not turkish but i think i can understand your comment . 
  i disagree with you despite not understanding completely the part of balkan turks migrating to anatolia . 
  i think that tourism is the alpha and the omega in this progressive european way of thinking . 
  in greece , the islands and the coastline is progressive like anatolia but if you move from the coastlines , to the mountains , people are religious conservatives voters of the greek erdogan equivalent . 
  furthermore , if anatolians had the 1922 wars in their mind , they would be way more conservative than they are . 
  instead , exposure to people from all around , works miracles into opening the mind . 
  just my thought, 
  `` article '' its not a constitution m8 . 
  its just a set of general rulea, 
  malaka ( \u03bc\u03b1\u03bb\u03ac\u03ba\u03b1 ) is a noun used to charachterise a person . 
  it can be used offensivelly if you are not familiar with the person , or be the expression of familiarity with a friend . 
  you dont use it on persons you specially respect ( elders , father , etc ) . 
  it is a light bad word . 
  its literal meaning is * jerkoff * , which is why it is used for men ( though there is a female variation in malako - \u03bc\u03b1\u03bb\u03ac\u03ba\u03c9 ) . 
  it could be considered to be in the middle to the australian `` cunt '' and `` mate '' . 
  we use it a lot . 
  malaka is love malaka is life . 
  i am a simple man . 
  cyka is my favourite word of all time . 
  dota is full of russians aswell xd, 
  also keep in mind that the pm enjoys a high approval rate ( something like 70 % ), 
  the structure of the economy , the traditions that are reflected on the economic activity , political system , culture , history with the eu , geopolitical position , language ( s ) . 
  just them on the top of my head . 
  they are different countries . 
  yup, 
  you make a good point, 
  you are not wrong , but the key to understanding what makes the united american states different from the european ones , is that the european ones are different countries with actual shit to divide them . . ( sadly , for now ) i agree that a union is more than just economics and politics though . 
  aww :'), 
   you 'll likely notice our euro skeptics more than you would france 's i doubt that every country 's eurosceptics are as determined though . 
  for ( a bad ) example , in greece , both goverment parties are supposed to be anti-eu . 
  ( a bad example , i know , but i guess there are other countries that this can happen ) . 
   would n't survive as the powerhouse it is without being inside the eu i doubt this . 
  the eu didnt make london what it is . 
  the british laws , politics , and traditions did . 
  if the eu made a commercial centre , it would be in the continent ( i think we can agree that the lion 's share in eu political influence is germany 's ) . 
  everyone knows the solution is in absolutes , right ? 
  [ this whole wiki article ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/terrorism_in_greece ) . 
  basically nato = eu = satan type of guys who are seperate because of their position on the ussr 's role after the proletariat takes over greece ( i know . . ) . 
  yes but what the opposition does , it doesnt affect the in-parliament voting . 
  there is no such thing as `` european looks '' . 
  a member of the goverment initiates it , the parties of the goverment have the majority in the parliament , they vote yes , boom . 
  it 's a law now . 
  you should check out galicia in the middle of europe . 
  was very confused when i found out ... 
  i know . 
  but they had something to do with its modern meaning you know ? 
  the brits too . 
  look like an 80s abba style album cover . 
  only one of those had interest in you . 
  the other one made the word barbarian for you . 
  their coat of arms is so beautiful, 
  the swedish would look dope though, 
  i like the french 2 $ coin with the revolution motto . 
  true , but do we need faces on our money ? 
  imo that was becuase they had * no * reason . 
  uk and france felt `` fooled '' after giving up czechia and hitler lying to them . 
  the plan was to declare war on germany and then stall without going for many battles ( phoney war ) . 
  they had understood that germany 's economy was a house of cards ready to collapse . 
  if anything , the `` alliance '' with ussr was good news for this plan since this * ensured * that hitler wouldnt attack eastwards . 
  but then , france got conquered and this whole plan felt apart with the german economy getting strong . 
  but that 's just my speculations . 
  i hope i didnt go full retart :d, 
  they agreed to nulify that treaty just as well as they agreed to realise it, 
  may the god has mercy on your soul, 
  no you cant . 
  it looks stupid :p . you can say it like that though xoxo, 
  * mp * read exactly as * b * in my comment, 
  it has to do with how you * would * pronounce it , if you spoke correctly correctly . 
  tbh , they make zero difference when speaking . 
  they are only there for writing . 
  it is a little bit more complicated than that, 
  it is, 
  oh god . 
  sorry for making you do this ... actually : mporo na diavaso ollandika , mporis esi na diavasis elinika ? 
  read `` d '' as the * th * in the word * the *,
