  dont worry , you will get to micro102 from micro101 and you will learn about them . 
  a state helps with natural monopolies and development . 
  there 's the net gain . 
  why wash a dick when you can just chop it off . 
  thanks anarchy !, 
   that alexander considered you ... he was one of * us * ... dont mention it as the ancient macedonians werent ancient greeks . 
  that 's why we care both about name and history . 
  just i tiny objection : the moldavians there are truly moldavians that seperated from other moldavians ( and romanians ) and called themselves ( the only ) moldavians ( correct me if im wrong ) . 
  it is not the same with : * them * being bulgarian ethnics after a lot of years of serbian rule . 
  they have no connection with the names and the culture they assume ( contrary to moldavians ) . 
  hope i dont come as hateful, 
  noone knows what psoli ( \u03c8\u03c9\u03bb\u03ae ) really means ... 
   tough decisions bring it on . 
  we are `` tough decision '' - ing the last 7 years anyway . 
   north of athens i am not from athens , but generally ( i think ) the people living in the north are filthy rich tax evaders, 
  steroids shrinken your balls the rumours say, 
  you even write the french wiki :o . god damnit arent you a tryhard :p * \u03bb\u03bf\u03bb\u03b1 \u03bd\u03b1 \u03b5\u03bd\u03b1 \u03bc\u03b7\u03bb\u03bf *, 
  at what point it is considered a spam ? 
  i mean the different thread on the same topic we get everyday . 
  shh ... let it happen ... no more facts . . only balkan now, 
  yes but when nordeeurop\u00e4ise come with full pockets we somehow are the most smilley people, 
  dog ? 
  i thought i was roleplaying the pig ... #oink oink motherfucker, 
  that 's why we cant have nice things . 
  there are people that actually believe that kind of stuff and they say these things from their hearts ... if someone wants translation of a greek part i would be glad to help . 
  inderchangeable in serbia ^ jk, 
  yes but you arent lazy on euromonies making headlines all the time about debt . 
  though you have another burden : making it to headlines about the new erdoganistan :p, 
  dude , that 's some unpopular opinions alright !, 
  well , these can be unpopular but they seem true to me . . 
  well , reddit does for sure :p, 
   i also think we should drop the sanctions against russia and focus on getting the european economy on the right track . 
  and that will be a lot easier if we can trade freely with russia . 
  yes , but when the money/ethics line gets crossed ? 
  what 's next ? 
  making bussiness with is ? 
  dude i like your goal but your means are bad ... mob rule is the worst . 
  just give a couple of days to the mods . 
  i kinda trust them . 
  it is way faster to create self posts with one liners than gathering and coming up with general rules on how these should be handled ( i assume they are collectively talking about solving this in general ), 
  well , if it gets taken down in the first place , david will just confirm your argument thus further exposing himself . . 
  let 's see how long will this post last . 
  also i dont think we need a referendum , if david really did some kinky stuff it will just show on the moderation log and they can remove him from the team . 
  unless he is the creator , then we all would have to leave if we dont like it :p, 
  fucking nordics ( & finns ) being perfect and shit, 
  dude . 
  you are overexaggerating what i said : / . 
  though i admit opening the door with some certain phrasing ... anyway . 
  my point is that you cant put the two different sides next to each other since these actions where too different . 
  and as much as i hate holding descendants accountable for what ancestors did , you cant isolate 20 years and say : that 's all there is to the case . 
  but , more importantly you cant possibly call what happened in crete a genocide ( from either side ) . 
  woah , i thought it was some satirical show , but then i read the description and it said that it was a actual news show ? 
   newspaper ads ??!?!? 
  an uncle probably . 
  excuse me but there is a difference between converting to the religion of the conqueror by force ( or by bribing ) and having the religion of your family . 
  and in ottomanempire the religion was your identity and your nationallity ( `` romans '' as christians , `` hebrews '' as jewish and `` turks '' as muslims ) . 
  so when you convert , you pick a side , and when the side you choosed loses in a war , you lose too . 
  and let 's not kid ourselves , the imperial authority wasnt all flowers and peaceful coexistence with the non muslims . 
  you dont understand . 
  it is racist against the white !!, 
  even if you are not making enough money , it is still way better to have a job than being unemployed for many reasons . 
  [ it 's * actually * something ] ( http://i0.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/facebook/000/005/600/its-something.jpg ), 
   eu  greece not there is this how you break it down to us ; _ ;, 
  so is that what we are doing wrong in the south ? 
  or is that an outcome of our misfortune ? 
  nice . 
  though i like felipe : /, 
  well , flag of a country when it was a different state is banned anyways isnt it ? 
  for example , in greece , public display of the flag of the cretan state is banned . 
  ( not that anyone cares about it though ), 
  shoulda told him : `` which one are you ? '', 
  bulgaria . 
  cause euro buddy . 
  i suppose the moderates ( monarchists & republicans ) are closer to indifference ( well , not in basque and catalonia ), 
  how are today 's republicans viewed in spain today ? 
  does it say stop nazi ** & ** islam , or the nazi islam ? 
  can you tell us about that party ? 
  i dont know about other countries , but in ( the leftest western country ) greece he was viewed as a peace hero . 
   i am one of the few greeks that will openly admit to liking albanians , so keep that in mind . 
  where do you live , if i am not crossing any boundaries ? 
  also , imho albanians need one or two more gens before integrating completely . 
  all and all 8/10 sounds quite fair . 
  dont we all :d, 
  hmm . 
  reminds me of silvio . . 
  and nobody likes someone that plays in double terms, 
  greece is like  80 % religious and the church is part of the state which makes the `` normal '' be that you are greek orthodox . 
  now , this dominance of one certain religion over all other beliefs , has many moral downsides . 
  but , it has one upside that you see everyday : this `` one true religion '' is uncontested thus eliminating extremism ( even non-violent ) . 
  so you can be atheist or anything , and as long as you dont challenge the greek orthodox noone cares . 
  as far as the negatives go , i could go on all day listing them but everyone pretty much knows them so i 'm gon na skip that . 
  still better than getting russians though . 
  at least swedes speak english to insult you, 
  in grecostan unis dont let you get the degree unless 8 semesters pass . 
  you can have all what is needed in 7 semesters , apply for degree , not take any course in 8th semester and you will get the degree in the end of the 8th semester . 
  good shit . 
  fucking royals man, 
  two wrong dont make a right either, 
  dont joke like that m80, 
  do we have demographic stats ?
