  they ca n't have offsprings but , i imagine that if they do , it would be a mix of white and black, 
  ~ ~ is there any trace of the original video ? ~ ~, 
  nvm , [ link ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6oy0sodwgny ), 
  it amazes me that this is not the only dacia car in the video . 
  can someone recognize the country ? 
  i 'm curious how far did dacia went on being sold . 
  do you know if the exact period of the worlds was announced ? 
  unfortunately i wo n't make it there , but i want to book my leave of rest . 
  i know the finals are going to take place on 19th oct , but i 'm interested in the group stages . 
  upvoting for fucking celsius . 
  so you have to log in in order to read the sites registration rules ? 
  how does that work ? 
  i actually checked if the op was my boyfriend . 
  wow , great choice . 
  i love that piece . 
  i tried to wake up to star trek tos captain kirk 's epic music and into . 
  '' * aventure , boldly go * '' it did n't work . 
  i only want to say : wow !, 
  she wore mourning like a graceless flower , blind to each sign of fear . 
  * hope link works, 
  does your roommate know he has a girlfriend ? 
   i know i have left multiple games the last 14 days so that is why it is 7 days . 
   still this seems highly unfair, 
  which part exactly ? 
  and yes , this is a rhetorical question . 
  i received this little palm tree a week ago . 
  did n't go too much information about how to care for it , what kind of soil it needs nor what type of palm it is etc. 
  for now i placed with universal soil mixed with a hand of regular sand . 
  i live in eastern europe where winters can be really harsh and it 's not going to benefit from too many hours of daylight until spring . 
  i set it by the window , above a heat source . 
  also it looks damaged because my cat is an asshole to plants . 
  i mainly keep cacti so it wo n't be tempted to eat them . 
  how do i help this little guy to grow ? 
  thank you a lot for the insight . 
  if i manage to succeed you 'll definitely see more of this little fellow around here , 
  i really enjoyed reading your message . 
  had a good laugh , thanks . 
  on a serious note , i feel you . 
  i hope mine grows and yours ... well , good luck getting rid of them . 
  is this current , like from today ? 
  i am asking because [ dec ] ( http://www.dec.org.uk/ ) is a client for the company i work at ... and if it hits and it 's bad , i 'm gon na work some extra hours :(, 
  great insight , thank you a lot . 
  i can only hope for the best for the indian people . 
  honestly , i was expecting to meh at this picture . 
  i have no words now ... 
  i 'm really sorry for your loss , stranger . 
  congratulations for helping a little kitten become that . 
  it was gorgeous . 
  virtual hugs and stay strong . 
  huh ? 
  til, 
  wow , you 're hot . 
  if you 're not telling this to your father , your confession is null . 
  ( be our friend of facebook - like ), 
  girl here , can confirm . 
  dac\u0103 nu func\u021bioneaz\u0103 , it 's personal and it might be upset ... you know , for his testies , 
  i feel like you should have named this `` fuck this tattoo '' instead . 
  am i the only one who knows that isaac had had one sexual experience in his late years with a rather big woman and went `` meh '' after it ? 
  i need to check my facts again . 
  pleasepleaseplease provide the interview link . 
  i 'm dying here to see that voice come out of this amazing lady . 
  bless your heart !, 
  tl ; dr `` never win first place , i do n't support the team, 
  i ca n't take direction , and my socks are never, 
  clean . '', 
  i think they got it in the wrong color . 
  i got sick reading that . 
  sorry i 'm late for this , but mayonnaise ?? 
  how does it work exactly ? 
  in euw is 4am . 
  that confirmation may have to wait . 
  same story here . 
  i 'm on euw . 
  there are a ton of server problems here , lagging , fail reconnects etc. 
  i only received a leave buster warning in 4.5 years of account . 
  still , i 'm worried i will not receive my reward . 
  this is the most stupid thing i 've read here so far . 
  please do n't cancel it and go . 
  can edit with link please ? 
  was getting tired refreshing . 
  bless you, 
  i had prepared so much hate for the new caster , but i was utterly surprised on his first lcs cast . 
  amazing job !, 
  he 's my favourite already . 
  just sayin ', 
  too bad op . 
  you were first . 
  you lucky bitch !, 
  also , do n't iron your clothes naked . 
  use commas maybe ? 
  so accurate . 
  i will use it to explain the whole thing to ... oh wait . 
  i 'm just implying that everyone knows this feeling too well ... but , point taken :(, 
  dude , you 're amazing . 
  thanks !, 
  can you provide the original ? 
  nah , that 's just the tip . 
  heh , thank you . 
  so that 's what happens when some idiot takes things literally . 
  could n't put your family together again .
