  feeding on pure energy is having it easy , as energy does not disappear , their survival is not endangered . 
  all evolution cares about is feeding and breeding . 
  thanks a lot , and try to keep busy , with anything it helps . 
  it was a good joke . 
  came here to say about the same thing . 
  use the unfollow option with courage . 
  that 's how i 'm cleaning up my news fed . 
  my boyfriend asked my one night if i 'm bothered by this . 
  i offered to help . 
  he shortly falls asleep after . 
  i recommend it . 
  very accurate description . 
  i can relate to that . 
  is this place for real ? 
  just like op , i missed my first two and i 've quit on the idea that it should be celebrated . 
  thanks a lot !, 
  oh man , i still find myself filming vertically , i do n't know why i do it , but when i realise it , it 's too late . 
  i once put face-wash on my tooth brush . 
  my nose sent the alarm before i got to start brushing . 
  good advice , thank you . 
  you just gave me the best idea !, 
  brb , have some spreading to do . 
  i 'm really annoyed by the lack of commas '' in the description . 
  good read , anyway . 
  reignover 's build too op ? 
  what are you , some kind of man-bear - ... ? 
  * updating shopping list, 
  and blind , 
  wow , you got shot down instantly  ), 
  brilliant !, 
  recently moved here , and i have to admit ... 
  this is not your every day type of sign . 
  it 's a classic . 
  `` buttplug '' - anything else , better out than in, 
  uuuu ... where and when ? 
  got my pampers/buttplug and spray ready :d, 
  i hate myself for saving this comment . 
  i 'm currently at work . 
  i 'll hate myself even more when i get home and find the comment :(, 
  why rc cola ? 
  can somebody explain ? 
  til, 
  ~ ~ live ~ ~ life saver !, 
  edit : i stand corrected, 
  eu am ni\u0219te pisici g\u0103tite pe abur , if anyone 's interested . 
  oh my , they shaved the sphinx !, 
  it 's a rat . 
  the angst of the moment i 'll receive that phone call , announcing the death of one of my parents . 
  edit : also , the sight of really old people . 
  looks fake to me . 
  are you romanian ? 
  also , done and good luck . 
  he obviously ... did n't ? 
  far stretched man . 
  hug of death ? 
  ca n't wait next year !, 
  my thoughts exactly . 
  but ... his hand, 
  wow , 10 years 0 comment karma ... it 's hard to grasp . 
  you 're a true hero . 
  happy cake day !, 
  * please do n't reply *, 
  you can also make the green colour out of yellow and blue . 
  i can only imagine you can create tastes out of different tastes . 
  still , you can only expect to find what 's written on the package . 
  dick move from them . 
  i do n't know anymore . 
  please do n't poke it with a stick !, 
  fuck :( was so excited about this last update, 
  i totally want to do this now !, 
  your gesture is appreciated . 
  it 's like a kangaroo !, 
  i 'm obsessing lately with a car model . 
  last night i saw an add for that specific model on my android reddit if fun app . 
  surprisingly , i was n't surprised . 
  judging by the zoom-blur , i 'd say pretty small . 
  cigarette pack-like , maybe smaller . 
  as a software tester , yaiks !, 
  edit : ( 8 ), 
  just do it !, 
  where does this guy live ? 
  that place looks amazing . 
  i love thus kind of contribution . 
  thank you !, 
  i 'd be having sex with `` different affiliates '' . 
  i hope you have a great cat !, 
  tell us more about the new job . 
  what is it and did you get to obtain it ? 
  first , congratz on the contest . 
  i was recently hired as a software tester and i did n't even had a computer in the first 2 days :d so , worse things can happen . 
  be patient and relax right now . 
  hope you have your phone charger with ya :p, 
  in this case , it 's not careless driving . 
  it 's a narrow street on which 2 buses were passing each other , near the reporter . 
  i ca n't twist my tongue . 
  this is black magic for me :(, 
  happy cake day !, 
  ... you need to type this ... \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  ... or you lose the left arm !, 
  feelsgoodman,
