  i 'm also a political science graduate , also with a masters degree in european security/integration . 
  i managed to be in the top of the class and did n't have to pay for my studies . 
  do i feel smart ? 
  it did polished me towards a better human ( in the context of a community ) but i 'm far from where i 'd like to be . 
  germany/austria ... tomato/tomato, 
  ^ do n't ^ hate ^ me, 
  wow , that 's amazing !, 
  50 would be my guess . 
  he just confessed to christianity . 
  but i like your enthusiasm . 
  congrats on the paintings . 
  if only i had a hobby of some sort . 
  you 're truly talented . 
  good luck with the rehab, 
  this is better than op 's . 
  thank you for posting it . 
  i was really impressed until i remembered the subreddit it is from . 
  it took you nine days to come here , but i 'm glad you did . 
  congratz on the translation . 
  i enjoy these cartoons a lot . 
  hope there 's more to your translations since automatic cc sucks anyway . 
  thank you again !, 
  five ? 
  it looked right through the phone like is was n't even there ... * sigh, 
  where 's your gold , dude ? 
  if you 're into this , try [ r/morbidreality ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/morbidrealty/ ) . 
  i 've been a sub but i had to give up recently . 
   but i 've seen dumber shit . 
  please elaborate . 
  i 've been following / r/millionairemakers since it got started , but never had the courage to participate . 
  the winner 's posts are most touching . 
  i want to help this time . 
  e boring pe / r/lounge . 
  exquisite . 
  also , / u/primenumbersturnmeon \\ - san does the number of my upvotes turn you on ? 
  edit : like this ? 
  it 's my first time . 
  edit2 : apologies . 
   but as an adult , it 's indefensible . 
  sorry to break this up for you , but you never go full adult . 
  are n't they sour cherries ? 
  i 've seen it a couple of years ago . 
  it 's amazing . 
  it shows how surprisingly far they stretched the hobbit trilogy when the cartoon fitted very well in a single hour movie . 
  enjoy it . 
  edit : [ forgot this ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0077687/?ref_=nv_sr_4 ), 
  pretty recently and it surprises me to discover that `` it 's a thing '' . 
  makes me sad . 
  young redditors will be like : `` yeah , cool , whatever '' . 
  i think the 8 was generous . 
  i did not expect that . 
  i really enjoyed the video , regardless of your title . 
  thanks for using it . 
  because nothing spells * freedom * better than that . 
  it really made me laugh , so adorable with her carrot . 
  wow , congrats for coming out like this . 
  dude , wait . 
  i need to ask a few questions first . 
  are you still there ? 
  phew !, 
  look i 'm not doing well myself . 
  i moved in a new town , feel pretty much alone , have n't made any friends and i 'm really not good at it . 
  maybe you can help me ? 
  write to each other maybe ? 
  if he 's the closest thing to a family and your friend , please do n't hurt his by hurting yourself . 
  nothing will help him recover from a loss . 
  he needs a friend 's shoulder to lean on , as well . 
  do n't take that away from him . 
  you 're questioning his decisions . 
  i 'm sure he 's along side you for a reason you ca n't see yet . 
  i feel like i should thank you , really ... thank you !, 
  imagine how confused soy would be without milk . 
  i , sometimes , fall asleep like that . 
  i can tell it 's painful . 
  indeed i did . 
  thanks, 
  mr. pickles !, 
  the second line was totally unexpected . 
  brilliant !, 
  edit : apparently , i 'm up to date with this meme . 
  apologies . 
  somehow , for feeding on pure energy , can it be considered highly evolved ? 
  oh man , i 've always missed my cake day :(, 
  as a non parent , it makes me really happy to see parents acknowledging it . 
  i feel like people should live a happy life and make as little compromise as possible towards their happiness . 
  op , i feel you . 
  is it a random page or something you 've actually read ? 
  also , i think you 're too worried about your relatives , especially after you 've dead . 
  well what did you expect ? 
  i bet he does n't carry around a underwater pen . 
  i feel really sorry for laughing at this . 
  upvote for you . 
  flood inc ? 
  how convenient that you 're on the `` right '' side of everything and you have all the rights already being fought for . 
  today is my first day at the new job . 
  got up early , washed , ate , feeling confident and shit . 
  2 hours in , i 'm sitting on a couch , redditing . 
  i 've been told i need to wait some more . 
  uff ... take them off !, 
  but during earth 's time , species had gone extinct and i 'm pretty sure not all of them had lived an equal amount of time .
