do n't mind if i use it :d, 
  and it 's gone, 
  i hate that champion and its burst . 
  i know every time i 'm losing mid lane when i see her in champion select . 
  and wireless, 
  tnx a lot, 
  that was actually the first registered meta back in 2009, 
  miss fortune . 
  it was a bad game for us . 
  after i stole with ulti the baron we sieged mid lane 's base turret . 
  my stats where really bad 5/9 or smth and my team was 11 kills behind . 
  friendly j iv went balls deep tower dive as our last chance of doings something to penetrate enemy base . 
  and i start hitting people . 
  after i heard triple kill i realized what i can do so i started focusing on whom and when i hit . 
  went quadra , ryze the last one standing flashed away but i got low hp and he decided i 'm too juicy so he came back for me . 
  i killed him and he managed to pop my ga. 
  i revived a hero and won us the game , no deaths on our side . 
  after victory screen i immediately asked for a glass of whiskey . 
  my hands were shaking very hard . 
  ( i 'm an adult so alcohol is ok ), 
  i do n't know french but still it made more sense . 
  i always pick my nose while sitting on the toilet . 
  also i rub my hands really fast when i make contact with the toilette sit to compensate for the chills i 'm getting . 
  it depends . 
  if i catch a discreet eye and a sudden change head turn , it 's fine . 
  i mean , i look too ... at women and men alike . 
  it 's funny though , when some people stare without being aware that you see them , and when you get an eye contact with them , they panic and ca n't react immediately . 
  it usually ends with a smile for both sides . 
  then again there are those jackass dudes that make it so obvious at what they 're looking at and they even want to make you aware of it by whistling or making loud commentaries . 
  we hate those guys . 
  we would pretty much like to : ( cartman 's voice ) * kick them in the nuts * . 
  could we ever make it so we can be able to see the full spectrum through our own eyes ? 
  our eyes would be opened for so much more . 
  ok . snails , slugs , worms , earthworms , leeches . 
  pretty much everything mushy and without a skeleton , that moves . 
  not to mention the icky trail they leave behind . 
  i know they 're harmless but i simply can not walk by such things , therefor i hate rainy days and dewy mornings . 
  my reaction to these things : jump , squeek , cry then slowly back off scanning carefully not to step on one of them . 
  i feel the need to add that i 'm not afraid of spiders , bugs , lizards or snakes . 
  as an european i dislike the time those matches will be played at . 
  yellowpete is too nice to deserve this, 
  there were these twins once . 
  one of them was my class mate . 
  one day he invites me to his birthday . 
  i ask him : `` who else will be coming ? '', 
  he says : `` x , y , z and a few of my brothers guest '' ... and , truly amazed , i asked him : `` wow , it 's your brother 's birthday too ? '', 
  its look is of a bulldogs . 
  where is your god now ? 
  i actually think it 's a good idea . 
  working 9-18 i often miss the first matches of the day and i have to bother friends to keep me updated via sms . 
  plus while working i could n't pay too much attention to the video so a radio transmission would be a bless indeed . 
  i would love to know moar about supporting properly . 
  i restarted client , got loggin queue of over 20k and not i 'm stuck on the reconnect button which seems to be dead ... so yeah , ca n't play, 
  edit : as i was writing this , loading screen finally popped . 
  not sure that 's sarcasm ... yet again , what do i know . 
  we need so see you !, 
  i 'm a dog person but i own a cat because ... i ca n't help it !!, 
  does anyone remember any of the dyslexic replies of the sheriff of rottingham ? 
  this is a treasure . 
  thank you !, 
  this is probably the first time i am going to `` not watch '' something ... seriously , thanks for the link , but nop , nop , nop . 
  happened to me first time i got glasses as well, 
  what building ? 
  they are muricans , they 're suppose to be loud and annoying : /, 
  i do n't really want to read this thread ... but i ca n't resist ... ^ help, 
  pffff ... se cunosteau ( din vedere ) ... faith in humanity not restored . 
  when people are asking me `` why do n't you wan na move and live in the states ? 
  `` this ^ is among the first reasons ... god , america is `` blessed '' !, 
  i just ca n't stand his voice . 
  i did n't know they 're preparing it already :d good news !, 
  nope , you were n't : http://plantsvszombies3.net/, 
  yeah , just water them a few times a week , everything should go `` smoothly '', 
  i think you put it upsidedown . 
  it should not grow in that manner . 
  it 's belly must not be exposed , otherwise ` thorns ' will emerge from it 's roots and they hurt ... so bad . 
  [ silent strike ] ( https://soundcloud.com/silent-strike ), 
  heey ... this is my favorite show !, 
  if cat would sneeze on this thing ... it would be gone in a blink of an eye . 
  if relevant , yob : 1945, 
  witness here . 
  i was in the waiting room of an er once . 
  doctors had their hands full so i had to wait for some time . 
  in a close er room there was an old male patient , with some kind of respiratory problem ( as i understood from his family which was waiting outside ) . 
  the patient enters a coughing crisis . 
  it lasts for 7-10 minutes . 
  powerful expectorations were heard . 
  we all start exchanging looks out in the waiting room . 
  the coughs continued and intensified , ending in a one horribly loud cough ... so loud that it got every nurse , assistant , patient stopped for a second . 
  it sounded like something broke out the poor man 's body , suspended in his throat and then got out ( which it probably did , rumours were about a piece of his lung ) . 
  it was literary his last breath . 
  doctors started cpr , family was stunned in shock . 
  we all just heard a man dying . 
  i left immediately . 
  my health problems were not serious enough . 
  people were dying in there . 
  i wanted to work for [ rspca ] ( http://www.rspca.org.uk ) . 
  they are now clients for the company i work for ... somewhat i feel like i 'm doing something for them . 
  well in my country the best of the students are financed by the public budget . 
  so i did n't pay for my education . 
  also i work in a different field than the one i studied at .
