  actually ukraine tried to join nato but was denied . 
  then yanukovych came and took that off the table completely . 
  i think you and i know very well how * democratic * these elections are , how confused people get during these times and how hard it is to decide what 's the best path . 
  russia has interest in any territory that will help them have a vaster sphere of influence against nato . 
  ukraine in nato would have prevented this because russia , as crazy as it is , will not go to war with nato . 
  well , hopefully those relations based on trust can be formed on other grounds than military support , even if we still need that in this day and age . 
  from the comment section  the visa requirements were implemented because the romanian government was advertising to their roma population that canada is a good place to go . 
  the government was providing kits , instructions , on how to claim refugee status . 
  lmao what the fuck, 
   can you really expect the us to trust romania , a country who the united states saw as an occupied region for most of us history up until 1990 and really say its citizens should be equal to those of france , a nation who the us has had strong relations with for more then two century 's now . 
  trust is built up over time . 
  are you serious ? 
  the west has good relations with us because the us helped them during ww2 and after and they built a good relationship . 
  the east was left to rot under communism until 1990 . 
  we kind of had to help ourselves . 
   eu question seriously ? 
  within 2 minutes you tried to insult portugal and romania to try to convince us that eu should give uk special treatment . 
  i still think the eu wo n't agree with these proposals . 
  well , the gross minimal income here is 277 $ . 
  paying 5 $ for internet ai n't bad even with such a salary . 
  link to that report ? 
  dude , wth @ link ? 
  i find spanish to be the easiest after english , but that might be because we speak a romance language . 
   a lot of older eastern europeans would speak russian i do n't know russian . 
  not even a bit . 
  i think i 'd try to talk with my hands since i 'm surrounded by slavs . 
  but i 've made an experiment with some slav friends . 
  they can somehow get the idea of what i 'm saying when i use short sentences , but not the other way around . 
  i guess it 's the slavic influence on our language that helps them . 
  someone should make a list with things like this , things some people do n't know about, 
  you can but he 's talking about going there and saying you do n't want to live anymore so they should just kill you and take your body . 
  lol, 
  good for slovenia for being the most informed !, 
  honestly i think you exaggerate a bit . 
  yes , there 's still a weird mentality that you can discover in some places , but we 're constantly evolving . 
  at least romania is . 
   there was an old montenegrin film called `` lepota poroka '' in where they follow a montenegrin village getting accustomed to the city life . 
  at one point in the movie the man says to his wife `` so you have n't made dinner ... you know i 'm gon na have to discipline you for that '' to which his wife responds `` well ... ok , you are my husband '' honestly i wish we 'd do more to change this mentality . 
  it 's a lot less common in young people , but we should completely eradicate by teaching our children ( boys and girls ) that violence is absolutely never okay and if it happens , you get the fuck out of that relationships . 
   you know that opening scene from borat ? 
  yeah that was filmed in romania and those people were real inhabitants of romania i barely remember it so i do n't want to comment something beside the point . 
   there used to be a running joke in herzegovina ( both east and west ) . 
  every now and then , gypsies would roam through the village and all the women would collect the kids playing outside and bring them in to the house while shouting `` quick kids hurry , the bulgarians are coming ! '', 
  well that 's just dumb lol  people ( and not just old people ) in moldova still wear this in the capital city , albeit in small pockets , but it 's there . 
  here you can see balkan mentality in action . 
  1 . people wearing that is not a problem honestly . 
  it 's stupid to say that 's backward mentality . 
  2 . shit like that can happen anywhere . 
  it 's not balkan specific . 
  people just need to be taught that they need to chill and accept others . 
   serbia 's russophilia adds to the ordeal as russians themselves are very similar to the balkans , not geographically but they definitely have a lot of brutality in their country . 
  disappointed . 
  our only good neighbour :'( ^ ^ / s  `` where are you going ? 
  out ? 
  look here missy you be back here by 11:00 at night ! '', 
  - balkan fathers to their ( usually mature ) daughters i 'm not sure this is balkan specific . 
  and i do n't think that it should be considered backward mentality . 
  more like being way too protective . 
  it can be worked out , but there 's also a lot of crime in certain places so the worry is understandable . 
  i need more context than what you 're providing , i also wonder what you mean by mature . 
   my female friends who come from albania and bulgaria say that they have to get a man to walk with them outside during the day . 
  these are n't even rural areas , it 's sofia and shkodra . 
  i do n't believe that . 
  your friends might be too paranoid . 
  idk about albania because i do n't know much of what is going on in the country , but i certainly do n't believe that about bulgaria . 
  ... i think you have a bit of a misconception . 
  yes , some shit happens , but the way you wrote certain things sounds a bit overly dramatic . 
  have you been to any of these countries ? 
  i 'm not sure how to feel about this ... 
   maybe it 's a semantic argument , but if we provide a service which you find irreplaceable , does n't that put us above you ? 
  i 'm not sure it 's irreplaceable . 
   sure , nations do n't do a thing out of the goodness of their own hearts , but you have a loooooot of work to do to even out the disparity between us . 
  the absolute best you can offer us in terms of benefits are all nebulous . 
  so you 're saying that because you think the east does n't benefit u.s. enough , you 'd be fine with the east being russia 's sphere of influence once again ? 
  as in , `` welcome back soviet union , we 'd rather have you than those ee countries not paying their 2 % to nato '' ? 
  sure , even in this scenario russia would n't be what it was , but you 'd have to be a fool to underestimate russia . 
  you 'll excuse me for not contradicting you right now . 
  i 'd be called silly just for trying to argue with the stupidity of your comment . 
  by all means , continue speaking shit . 
   and ? 
  the agreement has run its course . 
  and i disagree , it is a favor . 
  we receive nothing out of it , and you guys get whatever is needed . 
  that 's bullshit , and it wo n't last much longer one way or the other . 
  run its course ? 
  russia is still a big threat . 
  it 's not called the soviet union anymore , i 'll give you that . 
   how you gon na disagree with yourself in the same sentence , homeslice ? 
  i 'm not . 
  we need the u.s. in that case , which is a member of nato , but the east has thrived before . 
  listen , you might think that the u.s. is doing europe a favor in helping it against russia , but you have to stop with the superiority complex and realize that u.s. has an interest in impending russia to extend its sphere of influence . 
  it does n't just benefit ee , but also u.s. 
   this is why people hate eastern europeans , you lot think you 're all such strong brave warriors when you 're really irrelevant and entitled nations who use my military to goad russia into war . 
  says the one who does n't know what russian occupation and communism feel like . 
  also , you 're not as relevant as you think . 
  look at the recent news . 
  bro , the u.s made a commitment to nato , it 's not a favor . 
  and nobody 's holding a ~ ~ gun ~ ~ knife to us 's neck . 
  sure , we need u.s. military power in a aggressive russia scenario , but you 're not above anyone . 
  i know we should be spending more on our military , but our country is n't as economically developed as other .
