   ratas took over as chairman of the centre party this month after its ageing founder stepped aside . 
  under edgar savisaar , the party did not criticise the foreign policies of russian president vladimir putin and had a cooperation agreement with his party . 
  however , its stance was not anti-eu or anti-nato , and was less close to moscow than counterparts in moldova or bulgaria . 
   `` i am confident that juri ratas will be able to form a strong and willing to act government . 
  estonia 's current direction in foreign and security policy should remain and the leaders of all three parties have confirmed this to me , '' president kersti kaljulaid said in a statement . 
   on saturday the three parties aiming to form the new coalition government agreed to keep to the same security and foreign policies of the previous government , including support for sanctions imposed on russia and keeping nato defence spending at two percent of gdp or greater . 
  so they say , but we shall see . 
  nonetheless , i am , of course , surprised by this . 
   so if they think being entitled to no more than `` any other country '' means it 's time to look elsewhere for allies , then you 're accusing them of abandoning you . 
  well , i do n't know about you , but if you think that getting the same deal as everyone else is ground for saying `` fuck it '' and allying yourself with a country which has a failing economy , an aggressive expansionist foreign policy and that has broken international law twice in the last 10 years by invading two countries then ... i do n't know what to say . 
   all i 'm saying is that the eu actually does have a choice about its relationships with other powers , including the uk . 
  it 's not worth bending rules for uk . 
  the choice is to stick by the same rules we applied to the others . 
  thanks for the link . 
  i 'll look into it . 
   russian friendliness it 's always westerners that think russia is really their friend . 
  you lot make putin cringe . 
  russia benefits uk leaving because it 's easier to influence divided groups than the eu as a whole . 
  this is why russia funds eurosceptist parties that were * never * about the benefit of the people , rather about the votes of having a `` common enemy '' and `` sticking it to the man '' , with no intent of actually solving anything . 
   in your first comment , you accused them of abandoning allies ( you ) in your time of need . 
  i did n't accuse them , i told the op that he has a right to have a say on whether or not what his government does is good or bad , especially since brexit was all about that . 
  that if getting the same deal as everyone else is ground for uk to either remain neutral in case of conflict or to turn to russia . 
  this is n't also just that simple . 
  they are a nato country , they have a responsibility to answer to article 5 if another member country invokes it . 
  unless they want to pull out of that too . 
   the eu has a choice , and if it chooses to treat the uk like it 's not an ally but just a neutral country and not entitled to any `` favors , '' i do n't see how it can expect any favors in return . 
  well , they 're not entitled to any favors . 
  those favors would undermine the eu and possibly the eu 's relationship with other eu and non eu countries . 
  no , what the eu officials are saying is `` you either compromise on freedom of movement with the single market or you wo n't get much . 
  or anything . 
  take it or leave it . '', 
  which is exactly what i said in my original comment . 
  it is n't like the eu is asking for a favor , it 's what the single market * is * . 
  the guy dies in a crash and his face is so disfigured they had to identify him by his clothes do you have any idea how rare that is , especially in a modern car with airbags , a car that has a top speed that 's less than 180km/h ? 
  the headquarters for the company are located in a sri apartment building , and you do n't find that the least bit curious ? 
  that was a very curious case and i agree that the dude died under very dubious circumstances . 
  so i 'm not saying that sri could n't have been involved . 
  there are just too many weird things about this case . 
   in 13 years since the dna has existed , the sie office has brought in 0 reports of corrupt romanians spending billions abroad . 
  i 've seen this news too , but i do n't remember much other than the sie saying it 's not dna 's business or something ? 
   the guy who owns the largest communications and media company in the country , zoltan teszari rds-rcs , is a secretive modest billionaire who just happens to be a judo champion who 's had the same judo master as vladimir putin ? 
  i need more context and sources for this . 
  and what 's the most problematic aspect of this ? 
   and did you know ivan ilievici was mikhail gorbachev 's roommate at the mockba state university ? 
  this was not surprising at all when i found out . 
  the difference between ceausescu and iliescu was that iliescu was a more pro russian communist . 
   we 're still under the thick sludge of a kgb connected mafia that are systematically undermining and dilapidating everything moving in this country . 
  you 're exaggerating a bit right now . 
   i 'm not disputing whether or not they were assholes , but i 'm fairly certain they we 're executed exclusively so as to prevent them from being able to point out the industrial scale thievery that was about to happen . 
  that 's true , they should have been fairly tried and they should have suffered the consequences , but iliescu wanted to make sure that ceausescu would n't ruin his plans in any way . 
  and then he led us into neo-communism . 
  he proceeded to sell everything and let his friends rob the country . 
  * the honest , poor man . 
   whether that 's right or wrong is not my place to say . 
  you 're a british person , it 's your right to say whether or not the government should abandon other allied members in times of need because the eu did n't give uk what it wo n't give any other country . 
  the freedom of movement is not a punishment for uk , it 's an inherent part of the single market . 
  hard brexit does n't mean what people think it means , it just means that the eu will hold its ground and it 's up to uk to choose . 
  she was a huge cunt . 
  she had people killed and thrown in sewers at the beginning of the revolution . 
   why is his wife telling him what to do , and shouting silence to the people ? 
  she was into being a dictator just as much as he was . 
  the polish send their regards, 
  prank gone wrong, 
  y' all send what you have . 
  we do n't say no . 
  ~ ~ send us all of your military and equipment . 
  we 'll gladly take it all . 
  a quick google search tells me that yes , apparently they were involved in a bribery scandal . 
  just our luck i guess . 
  * even worse , romania and germany working together * ^ ^ ^ / s we 're just strengthening our military tbh . 
  most of our stuff is outdated . 
   romanian prime minister dacian ciolos has announced that the country 's defence ministry is planning to award a contract for the delivery of armored personnel carriers ( apc ) to germany 's rheinmetall defence . 
  the company is to team up with a state-run romanian manufacturer and launch a plant in romania that will produce the apcs . 
   `` there will be a partnership , a romanian-german joint venture , which will allow rheinmetall to obtain the contract from the ministry of defence and build an armored personnel carrier that will be first supplied to the romanian military , '' ciolos told local broadcaster europa fm in an nov. 17 interview . 
   under the plan , the new apcs will replace romania 's tab vehicles , which are a locally built variant of the soviet-designed btr-70 . 
  the amount of the planned acquisition was not disclosed , but the romanian armed forces is planning to replace about 1,500 such vehicles in the coming years . 
   `` a portion of the funds will stay in romania and allow to create new jobs here , '' ciolos said . 
   according to the prime minister , the country 's defense ministry is seeking to conclude similar deals with foreign manufacturers for other military procurements . 
  this includes the planned acquisition of new corvettes for the romanian navy , according to ciolos . 
   the prime minister said that for 2017 , the romanian government is aiming to allocate a maximum of 2 percent of the country 's gross domestic product to defense expenditure . 
   eu is increasingly becoming fractured with its members bickering about several key aspects of the union . 
  that 's because all far right parties do is judge the eu to get votes for `` sticking it to the man '' rather than judge eu and invite them to an open discussion about how things can be improved . 
  they 're using the `` us vs them '' rhetoric and it works . 
  the pro eu people are n't too productive either . 
  they should say , `` ok , these are your problems . 
  let 's talk . '', 
  i doubt those far right eurosceptic parties want to talk , but at least the pro eu/eu people can say `` hey , we tried '' . 
   trump has just been elected president and has a rather unclear position on article 5 . what 's clear is that he views nato as a business . 
  which it partly is . 
  sure , such an alliance needs money to work and we all should put in our fair share , but it is n't just business . 
  what 's worse is : 1 . 
  us politicians doubting they 'll help countries that pay their 2 % . 
  as in estonia . 
  2 . refusing to acknowledge that another member being attacked in any way represents a threat to them too . 
  people who think putin 's ambitions end with the baltics are delusional . 
  like i said , i do agree that members should invest more into nato and a 2 % is n't unreasonable . 
  for some it takes longer , some get there easier , but regardless of this , not yet making the 2 % does n't seem to me like a legit cause to abandon another member in case of war . 
  western states should also be given a bit of a warning in my opinion . 
  i know they are n't in immediate danger like the ee countries are , but they should be prepared too . 
   if putin is ever going to make a move , it 's going to be pretty soon .
