  then i 'd say that is a pretty dumb person with no knowledge of history whatsoever . 
  but i can understand why polish people are sensitive to that as it could be interpreted badly . 
  ay , sorry , i sent you a pm . 
  here :  i was just joking with my comment , i do n't think all polish people think of us as gypsies , but a lot of them do unfortunately . 
   anyhow , i agree . 
  most of these maps are okay with everyone else because all they get is nice stereotypes like dutch and bikes and what not , but it becomes obnoxious when the word `` gypsy '' is used in almost every single map . 
  not to mention `` beggers '' and other ugly words always directed at our country . 
  i do n't even remember the last time something genuinely nice was said about us . 
  voluntarily . 
   i did say in another thread that it may be amusing the first time , but when it happens almost every time , it 's not that fun . 
  baby steps ftw !, 
  lol, 
  i think it was half the money from eu , 25 % from the government and 25 % from the beneficiary ( oradea ) . 
  so much snow at once though . 
  i thought we would n't see any this winter . 
  guess the authorities were as surprised as i was . 
  if the suicide statistics are so high during peace time , i wonder what happens when there 's a war . 
  on another hand , that 's a very dark thought i should not be having . 
  [ we actually helped poland in wwii ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romanian_bridgehead ) , but apparently we kind of invaded it at some point too :  stephen iii of moldavia , known as stephen the great was voivode ( or prince ) of moldavia from 1457 to 1504 . 
  he was the son and co-ruler of bogdan ii of moldavia who was murdered in 1451 . 
  stephen fled to hungary , and later to wallachia . 
  with the support of vlad dracula , voivode of wallachia , he returned to moldavia and forced peter iii aaron to seek refuge in poland in the summer of 1457 . 
  teoctist i , metropolitan of moldavia , anointed him prince . 
  stephen continued to pay a yearly tribute to the ottoman empire . 
  he broke into poland and prevented casimir iv jagiellon , king of poland , from supporting peter aaron , but acknowledged casimir 's suzerainty in 1459 . 
  we were good friends with them , but now they 've forgotten us and only play with hungary . 
  thanks a lot !, 
   they did things in eastern europe , krimea , who cares , hahahaha . 
  who cares ? 
  not sure if you 're a troll or just a dick . 
  i just heard that he wants to get friendly with russia ( technically , at least , because you ca n't really be friends with russia unless you 're like russia ) . 
  i 'd prefer if france did n't do that , but they 'll be the ones to choose . 
  yeah , i 'm a bit confused too . 
  maybe it 's because poland was occupied by su until 1941 and then again in 1944 . 
  su annexed basarabia in 1940 so maybe it 's seen as them being somehow part of it too ? 
  i do n't know . 
  i do n't understand . 
  help ? 
  you 're welcome , poland !, 
  you call us gypsies on another stereotype map one more time and we 're coming over !, 
  not everyone behind the iron curtain was a soviet country . 
  romania was n't . 
  and it does n't reflect on our culture all that much besides corruption and nepotism being communist legacies . 
  we 're fighting that though . 
  nah , they were n't . 
  it 's like stealing someone 's money and then using that money to fuel a `` hey , that guy is robbing us of our money ! '', 
  campaign . 
  you do n't run a nationalistic campaign against the eu with eu 's money . 
  do you really think eu 's that stupid ? 
  it has no moral standpoint . 
  it 's just plain fraud . 
  see ? 
  the `` roma '' thing was a conspiracy all along !, 
  they may not matter that much , but they matter some . 
  we do n't need russia 's gas and we do n't want to be defenseless either . 
  we 're upping our defense budget to 2 % this year and we 're improving our military equipment . 
  we 're doing what we can to keep russia away . 
  it all depends on trump 's priorities though . 
  that 's a sad fact . 
  we were ... 
  there are several factors though : - there 's an institution that does good against corruption , but changing people 's mentalities is hard . 
  - psd is a corrupt populist party that targets the demographic that is most present at polls : older people . 
  - the presence at polls is absolutely fucking awful . 
  psd won 45 % of the votes with a 40 % presence at the polls . 
  then they made a coalition with their friends , alde . 
  only 18 % of young people voted as far as i remember . 
  - media . 
  the most watched channel is rolling out psd propaganda . 
   it 's doubtful that anybody would care much about you guys as it is like they did in those other wars , right ? 
  people even forgot we existed . 
  that did n't happen . 
  matter of the fact is that romania can not stay out of the way even if it wanted to . 
  i was trying to translate a nervous laugh into writing . 
  guess that did n't work . 
  yeah , i know , i was just thinking out loud . 
  you do n't even have to be an analyst to see this . 
   `` putin is playing for the long-term , '' morell said . 
  `` the first thing he will want is a summit meeting with president trump that would produce a deal -- the u.s. agreeing to the elimination of western sanctions against russia over ukraine , and the u.s. agreeing not go forward with missile defense in romania and poland in exchange for a joint military effort against isis in syria . ''  morell added that such a deal would have strategic benefits for putin , `` and he is counting that the domestic political benefits to trump -- the vast majority of the u.s. public does not really care about ukraine or missile defense in eastern europe , but they do care about isis -- to override what is in u.s. strategic interests '' . 
  hehehe ... hehe ... he . 
  the title is so funny , i ca n't even take it seriously . 
  sweden is a great country . 
  maybe it was the first time . 
  28739798273 times later ... it 's not even insulting anymore , just plain humourless . 
  a lack of creativity i 'd call it . 
  no variety at all . 
  nobody ca n't come up with a stereotype other than ` gypsy ' and ` dracula ' . 
  the ignorance does n't just make one dumb , but also unfunny . 
  lol . 
  `` we 'll see who takes in your refugees and treasury in the next war , you peasants '', 
  you can use your new appointed title to annex portugal . 
  i mean they 're in double shit with us . 
  the holy roman empire and russia . 
  prepare your butt , portugal !, 
  [ sure . . ] ( https://youtu.be/8ux3oiweliq?t=12 ), 
  i do n't think this image will ever disappear to be honest . 
  not even if tomorrow everything is perfect in romania . 
  jesus will come another time and we 'll still have that image . 
  well , i mean , people will say `` once you 've hit rock bottom , you can only go up '' . 
  we surprise them with a jackhammer . 
  ah , damn , that annoys me the most .
