   cooperate with the post-brexit uk what do you mean ? 
  eu has done nothing but respected uk 's decision and explained to them why they ca n't be in the single market . 
  do you think that will happen though ? 
  i mean , some british officials want to see the eu fail as a project and trump officials are asking when it 'll fail . 
  if that would happen , of course they would work with the eu , but if it was n't necessary for their well being , they probably would n't be very excited to do business with the eu . 
  the difference is that the unification with transylvania is a important historical movement for us as it is when romania as we know it was `` born '' . 
  contrary to popular belief in hungary , we do n't celebrate it to spite hungary , we celebrate it because it means something for us . 
  celebrating 2nd viena award as your national day would n't make sense and it would be just fascist dick waving . 
  and yes . 
  as all diplomats do , you should stand there , be diplomatic and then go home and stab your romania voodoo doll if you want . 
  it 's what diplomacy is . 
  like uk , us , australia , new zealand and canada making their own separate union like in the good old days . 
  except this time without the british rule over it . 
  one of their plans is probably creating a global union of some sort though , but let 's just focus on the first part of the plan . 
  as a big bully . 
  they 've done enough to us and should stay away . 
  we did n't even have very good relations with them as a communist country so you can imagine that they 're quite disliked here . 
  selling bucharest to bulgaria ? 
  well , at least it would n't be hungary . 
  i would move back to romania because i ca n't speak bulgarian and i do n't identify as bulgarian . 
  i would also probably say a big `` fuck you '' to the romanian government . 
  no offense bulgaria , but they would have just sold romania 's capital to another country . 
  - bulgaria is a bro . 
  we 've entered the eu and nato together . 
  we get along with them and have cooperated a lot . 
  a lot of romanians go to bulgarian beaches in the summer because it 's cheaper and less crowded apparently . 
  we 're always lumped together in bad news and there is a very small competitive feeling , but nothing with bad intention . 
  although the dobrogea region used to be bulgarian at some point , i do n't know any bulgarian who really hates romania for it . 
  the only thing that bothers me personally is that their new president is a bit russian friendly . 
  - hungary . 
  this one 's complicated . 
  they hate us ever since trianon because of transylvania , but transylvania was populated by mostly romanians so it was the right thing . 
  we had problems with hungarian separatists that tried to bomb romanians on our national day and there 's always tensions . 
  for example , this year , hungarian fm ordered all diplomats to refuse to participate in romania 's national day because for hungary `` it 's a tragic day '' . 
  our national day is 1 december ( great union day ) which celebrates the assembly of the delegates of ethnic romanians held in alba iulia , which declared the union of transylvania with romania . 
  nationalists on both side tend to get quite wild . 
  i 'd like the countries to be on better terms , but hungary refuses that . 
  they keep accusing us of mistreating the hungarian minority ( which is a lie ) and more recently that our anti corruption agency ethnically targets hungarian politicians in romania ( which is another lie ) . 
  basically our brothers which were abducted by the soviets . 
  this is also complicated . 
  the unification of romania and moldova has always been a subject of discussion for politicians and ordinary people . 
  the way i see it , there 's more people in romania who want a unification with moldova than in moldova . 
  it 's because there 's always some sort of anti romanian propaganda there . 
  their new president is a nutjob . 
  he said he wants to erase romania 's history from the school books , he changed the official language of the presidential website from romanian to moldovan ( moldovan is not a language . 
  it 's romanian with very few words changed . ), 
  and has said that romania gives too many schoolarships to young moldovans as a form of propaganda . 
  it 's a complicated country because it has lots of russians and the transnistria region . 
  - ukraine . 
  well ... they 're in a war . 
  obviously we 're worried . 
  we 're not really best friends , but we 're not enemies either . 
  we had some territorial disputes with ukraine , but it 's not a big issue for romanians . 
  - black sea - da best . 
  hungary also has teritorial tensions with serbia like they have with most of their neighbours . 
  i think serbia has some dubious relationship with russia that i personally do n't like , but other than that i do n't know much about the situation . 
  but it 's the balkans ... and you know how things in the balkans are . 
  we 're not exactly best friends , it 's just that we 've never stepped on each other 's tails . 
  it 's like that quiet neighbour ( and you know what they say about the quiet ones :p ) you have that you say hello to once in a while , but otherwise barely know anything about them . 
  quite obscure . 
  they 're the only neighbour we have n't fought yet . 
  recently , afaik , all the cooperation boils down to refugees trying to enter romania and romania sending them back to serbia as per agreement . 
  have you wondered why russia is frown upon by nato states ? 
  it was okay for a little while and then 2008 happened . 
  it went downhill from there until the present day . 
   because most of europe and all nato countries are against them i think putin is pretty aware that we 're not here to attack them unless russia attacks us . 
  he just does n't care . 
  he only cares about reestablishing russia 's cold war sphere of influence , even at the expense of his own people seeing as russia 's economy is a failure . 
  not to mention that the only thing that keeps russia afloat economically is the fact that most european countries ( save for uk , romania , etc. ), 
  are dependent on their gas . 
   must convince russia that she is not our enemy . 
  with all due respect , i do n't want current russia as a friend . 
  not after they waged a war on our neighbour ukraine . 
  and that 's just one of the reasons . 
  when they will get their shit together , sure , but that 's probably never going to happen . 
  - romanian senator said being a romanian politician is riskier than fighting in afghanistan . 
  military and non military people were outraged . 
  - former romanian president ( b\u0103sescu ) [ being frustrated ] ( https://youtu.be/lxa-9l4ciz0?t=11 ) with former french president ( sarkozy ) and awkward with silvio berlusconi , former italian pm . 
  however , here 's an [ awesome thing ] ( https://youtu.be/g76venlil5i?t=39 ) the same president did : when asked by a russian official if romania plans to annex moldova and form greater romania , he said `` please note , sir , that romania has no experience in annexing other countries . '', 
  - our former pm , victor ponta , [ dancing ] ( https://youtu.be/ptcum44nes4?t=13 ) with his wife on a talent show . 
  - [ this political campaign ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ps_jttlzigy ) for elena udrea , who ran as an independent for parliament . 
  - former pm ponta and psd leader dragnea being [ dragged around in a boat ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qr_yufrfczo ) when visiting teleorman while it was flooded . 
  there are so many more , but some i do n't remember and some need too much context . 
  yes , i 've seen nazi sympathizers . 
  they are usually people who glorify ion antonescu , our wwii fascist leader . 
  but i 've also met people drawing swastikas on tables having no idea what it means . 
   because life in visegrad 4 countries for example has been pretty good lately , barely any people ever leave . 
  i 'd like some stats if you have them . 
  google is only giving me dailymail bullshit . 
  transylvania sure is great , but there 's more to the country than transylvania . 
  i wish people would see those parts too . 
   although i suspect hungarians are the least welcome tourists there low effort . 
  you are welcome to visit any part of romania as long as you respect the laws and act decently . 
  haha , thanks !, 
  norway and the rest of scandinavia are amazing as well and i 'd like to visit one day too . 
  unfortunately , i do n't know as much about scandinavia in terms of history and culture ( cuisine , traditions ) , but i do know your nordic system is great and that you 're the cool guys of europe . 
  pun intended . 
  ~ ~ * ^ looks ^ at ^ answers ^ and ^ sees ^ nobody ^ mentioned ^ romania * ^ :( ~ ~ - germany - spain - france history and scenery . 
   i 'm interested in history and the holy roman empire . 
  * winks *,
