  oh , i 'm sure . 
  going by the comments this person is leaving , they 're clearly a troll or they do n't know what they 're talking about . 
  like fascism . 
   as for 500 million europeans in favor , if you were to do as much as a single poll , you 'd find that nowhere near that amount agrees with this treaty . 
  not only that , but a huge number of people do n't even know what this deal entails, 
  that 's for everyone else to decide . 
  if the netherlands feels like they 're not benefiting from the eu in any way , they surely can decide their own fate . 
  i know , i phrased it badly then . 
  i mean that romanian , the language , and a dialect of some other language that i forgot . 
   romania 's budget deficit dropped to 0.8 % of the gdp last year , namely almost eur 1.2 billion , the same level as in 2014 . 
   it was the third lowest budget deficit in the eu , after lithuania ( 0.2 % of gdp ) , and czech republic ( 0.6 % of gdp ) . 
   in 2013 , romania 's budget deficit reached 2.1 % of the gdp , according to the eu 's statistical office . 
  romania exceeded the official limit of 3 % in 2012 , when its budget deficit totaled 3.7 % of the gdp . 
   austria ranked fourth with a budget deficit of 1 % last year . 
  a number of six eu member states recorded last year deficits that exceed the maximum level imposed by eu laws , namely greece ( 7.5 % of the gdp ) , spain ( 5.1 % ) , portugal ( 4.4 % ) , great britain ( 4.3 % ) , france ( 3.5 % ) , and croatia ( 3.3 % ) . 
   at the end of last year , the lowest shares of public debts in the gdp were recorded in estonia ( 10.1 % ) , luxembourg ( 22.1 % ) , bulgaria ( 26 % ) , latvia ( 36.3 % ) , and romania ( 37.9 % ) . 
   in 17 of the 28 eu member states , the level of public debt in the gdp exceeded 60 % threshold set by the eu law . 
  the highest levels were recorded in greece ( 177.4 % ) , italy ( 132.3 % ) , portugal ( 129 % ) , cyprus ( 107.5 % ) , and belgium ( 105.8 % ) . 
  yeah . 
  i think the signing will be postponed . 
  they said they wanted to wait at least until the end of this year . 
  or so i heard on tv . 
  romanian along with another dialect i forgot about are the most similar to latin out of all romance languages . 
  i like that too . 
  damn ... here , have my upvote !, 
  urss stands for uniunea republicilor sovietice socialiste , which yeah , it 's basically the same as ussr . 
   and i 'm stupidly proud of remembering that `` mare '' is big , not anything to do with the sea , in romania . 
  yeah , `` mare '' is both used for `` big '' and for `` sea '' and i can see how that 's a bit confusing . 
  they 're homonyms . 
  a big bear - un urs mare let 's go to the sea - hai sa mergem la mare, 
  wo n't translate the whole song , but the chorus sounds something like this * cause our time ran out * * in the shadow of the great bear * * but you were left with claws on * * in every hug of yours * * today the kiss on the cheek hurts * it refers mainly to the communist influence and how it 's claws remained . 
  the kiss on the cheek is also something communists often did . 
  no worries my friend . 
  eagles can into gay too . 
  this is not an insult . 
  this is merely a joke . 
  that 's how it should be taken anyway . 
  what 's an insult is that recently , the russian embassy in romania donated 100 euros for a national cause of ours and sent us a video with the message that * we should learn the true history * . 
  this was indeed a mockery because not only they just sent 100 euro which is a very small sum considering an embassy can do better , but our treasury that we sent to russia in wwi for safekeeping has remained with russia . 
  that was a shitfest . 
  people went out and gathered money in coins and paid them back the sum because they felt insulted . 
  i know i was just joking :p, 
  it does n't . 
  the bear is their national animal if i 'm not mistaken . 
  we used to have a song about communism here which was called `` in umbra marelui urss '' and it translated to `` in the shadow of the big urss '' , because urss is soviet union and urs is * bear * . 
   but quite frankly russians make terrible bears , those slavs are usually way too skinny to be bears . 
  sanctions ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  i would say so too . 
  31 % does n't sound accurate . 
  does russia not see the irony in calling us gay while being drawn as a bear ??? 
  not that i 'm mad . 
  i think it 's rather endearing . 
  lol, 
  russia secretly wants to make out with us, 
  i agree . 
  i 'm not a supporter of reunification , not right now at least , but you 're right in saying that some of these people are suspicious nationalists with links to different ideological groups . 
  i 'm sure there are people who go to these marches just for the reunification but you 're always at risk of ending up in the wrong crowd . 
  alabama . 
  where the skies are so, 
  it 's 11:39 am here right now . 
  the weather sucks . 
  around 15c . 
  cloudy . 
  how is it there ? 
  you can not seriously ask that of the eu . 
  that means the power actually goes to the bigger countries like france and germany and there are quite a few countries which would not stand for that . 
  oh my god . 
  is this actually true ? 
  no wait i do n't wan na know, 
  yes , yes i got it before i saw your comment . 
  i laughed . 
  i probably should n't have . 
  hehe, 
  lol okay i am not getting this someone explain edit : no wait i got it oh my god, 
  never implied that they should be punished in any way . 
  and i misunderstood the way belgium takes decisions like this so it was my mistake . 
  yes , it was my bad . 
  i misunderstood the situation . 
   regions ca n't veto , it 's just that countries decide their own decision making process and it just so happens that in the belgian decision making process the regions have competence . 
  in other countries it might be referenda or weird supermajority rules or judicial blocks or what have you . 
  you are right . 
  it was my mistake . 
  this is what i found from 3 days ago :  wallonia fears that its farmers will be priced out of the market with cheap canadian produce and that many of the labour standards they fought for will be obliterated . 
  and i also found this from april 2016  - that ceta provides in its current form a dispute resolution mechanism between investors and states ( isds ) covering most areas of the agreement to take action against climate change and its impacts ;  - the public consultation that the european commission has organized about isds clause in the negotiations of the transatlantic trade and investment partnership ( ttip ) and the highly critical reactions of the majority of participants and the european citizens ' initiative ;  - that for the german judges association ( deutscher richterbund ) , this new proposal from the commission for dispute resolution alters the legal architecture of the eu and undermines the powers of national courts under european law ;  - ceta will enable companies based in the united states to attack european public decisions , belgian and walloon through their canadian subsidiaries as well as the ceta will enable companies based in canada , under the ttip , to sue against european governments , national or regional . 
  the problem stands with countries such as belgium which are federal states . 
  i think this should have been discussed before we went on to make trade deals . 
  * how do we go about it with countries such as belgium ? 
  will it be the national or the regional ? 
  wallonia is n't doing it to spite anyone , it has actual concerns with the deal . 
  or so i hear . 
   which means , in the case of romania , the psd can veto a deal just to make the current government look incompetent . 
  i doubt they would put themselves at odds with the entire eu just to spite the current government . 
  yes , i assumed it would have happened . 
  i knew the romanian issue would be solved , it was pretty simple , but wallonia has different concerns and still need to be convinced of the deal . 
  every country should have a say . 
  we 're a union of countries . 
  not one country . 
  not yet a federation . 
  edit : yes , it 's weird that regions can veto and that should be discussed , but countries as a whole should be able to veto , especially if they have real concerns . 
  i can understand that but truth is every other country besides belgium does n't opposite it and that may be because people do n't know much about it and it 's not in public discussion,
