  over one hundred thousand of these were killed in massacres staged in such places as odessa , bogdanovka , akmecetka in 1941 and 1942 . however , i do n't understand why that matters . 
  in the end , they were all victims of romania 's regime . 
   we had a major recycling reform two or three years ago , introducing obligatory waste sorting into four categories . 
  we had it too , but some of them suddenly disappeared . 
  weird . 
  * looks into horizon * we have a cat cafe too lol i 've also been to budapest . 
  it 's a beautiful city indeed !, 
   the germans did know the jews were taken to ghettos and then deported , they all magically disappeared but did n't care to know where or how . 
  it depends on the way you look at it . 
  the majority of the germans did know about the ghettos ( obviously ) , but , at the beginning , concentration camps were of 2 types : prison camps and extermination camps . 
  i think most germans knew that they were deported for labor and that they were n't going to be treated nice or anything , but did n't know the full extent of the horrors that were committed there . 
  there 's still debate about this . 
  maybe i 'm wrong . 
  what we certainly know is that the locals around the camps mostly ignored the atrocities . 
  then again , even if what i say is false , the germans , unlike the romanians , have gone through a period in which they were fed with propaganda from 1933 to 1939 . not only were they driven by the hate of jews , but by hitler 's nationalistic rhetoric ( the loss of ww1 and the state of interwar germany ) i 've yet to find more about the public opposition of romanians . 
  do you have resources about public opposition ? 
  i 'm genuinely interested . 
  since we barely learn anything about this at school , this is the first time i 've heard of it . 
  however , there 's this :  until 2004 , when researchers made numerous documents publicly available , many in romania denied knowledge that their country participated in the holocaust . 
  i could understand that back then people did n't knew what was happening , but now ? 
  like i said , the subject is barely covered in school ( if it 's covered at all ) while germany has done immense effort to not only educate it 's population on these horrors and ensure this wo n't happen again , but also pay reparations , [ sector in which we also suck ] ( http://www.timesofisrael.com/romania-passes-law-facilitating-restitution-claims-of-holocaust-survivors/ ) . 
  unlike germany , our country was kind of forced to accept that there was a holocaust . 
  well , most germans did n't know about the camps either . 
  so what ? 
  the jewish people still died in horrible ways . 
  i mentioned the ia\u0219i pogrom because it is the most known . 
  also , do n't make it sound like there was n't any anti-semitism in romania back then . 
  i was leaning towards favoring portugal but was sure france would win . 
  happy for portugal !, 
  but also congrats to france !, 
  you had a good tournament !, 
  and griezmann is one hell of a player !, 
  ~ ~ and because i 'm still not over it : congrats to germany ! ~ ~, 
  he was pretty much insane so we can both agree his way of thinking was ridiculous, 
  thank you . 
  i fucking hate it when they do n't include all members . 
   teleki could not decide , since there was no solution , and commited suicide . 
  well , that surely is fucked up . 
  what a bad situation to be in . 
  i guess our geographical positions are rarely in our favor in such times . 
  with romania , it was too late , but our king eventually gathered the opposition leaders and staged a coup d'etat in 1944 . antonescu was later executed for crimes against humanity . 
  after the war , king michael was forced by the communists to abdicate at gun point and was sent into exile by the communists because soviet union wanted us to have a communist regime and the king was an obstacle . 
  funny thing about our neutral king is that like our current president , he is of german origins . 
  and apparently hitler did n't like him . 
  secretly called him an ugly frog and [ this is what he looked like back then when he was young so joke 's on hitler ] ( http://michaelofromania.com/images/photos/michaiiyoung2.jpg ) . 
  he was so upset that the king overthrew antonescu and romania betrayed him that he wanted romania , and especially king michael , destroyed . 
   mr devotte , 28 , later confessed to police , claiming he acted under the instructions of mr senez , who has campaigned against racism and the far-right . 
   # * who has campaigned against racism and the far-right . 
  * what the fuck ? 
  believe me , there 's enough discrimination and racism against roma and other ethnicities , you really do n't have to make it up, 
  yes . 
  thanks for the fix . 
   in total , 380,000 -- 400,000 jews , including the jews of transnistria , were murdered in romanian-controlled areas under the dictatorship of antonescu . 
  there 's no exact number for the roma victims . 
  there 's a different story here . 
  romania was not supposed to enter the war ( our king wanted us to stay neutral ) , but our king was also very young and inexperienced ( his dad had been sent into exile and he was just 19 ) , so ion antonescu easily seized control of the power and joined the nazis . 
  antonescu was a very good friend of hitler 's and romania had it 's own holocaust : the ia\u0219i pogrom . 
  not only germany , but also romania . 
  romania was an ally to germany for most of the time and persecuted the jews and the gypsies as well, 
  that 's actually very nice !, 
  glad people came together and showed their support !, 
  in case of conflict , china would most probably be an ally to russia . 
  it depends . 
  you can be against war and against the actions of your `` enemy '' , by saying `` this is not how you deal with a bully '' . 
  you do n't bully the bully , you find ways to make it so that the bully understands bullying is n't acceptable . 
  that 's not what i was saying . 
  i said that so far , until now , americans are the ones most willing to send nato troops to eastern europe ( romania , poland , bulgaria , etc. ), 
  to ensure their safety . 
  western europe also helps , but they 're not as eager as the americans . 
  of course , that entails some things on the american part . 
  they 're not doing it out of the goodness of their heart , but out of their need for eastern europe to have stability . 
  i also said that while europe has enough military to defend itself from russia ( that 's to say if all those countries involve themselves even just when russia attacks one of them ) , it can not face russia and china without the help of u.s. 
  except if china goes hand in hand with russia . 
  i 'm not defending op or anything , but so far americans are the only ones who seem willing to come to eastern europe and help it sure , that is an oversimplification because this help entails many other things , but my point is that the west is n't so eager to look our way, 
  you do n't just impose democracy and a country becomes suddenly a fully functional democratic state . . it takes years and years . 
  just look at our country from 89 until now . 
  not to mention we have the benefit of being in the eu . 
  bottom line is , both of these countries had leaders that did bad things . 
  bad things should be punished and people should be taught not to repeat them . 
  most of all , people should be taught to have critical thinking in such times . 
  when 9/11 happened , bush started the war on terror by using people 's emotions to spread lies and make ugly things possible , based on propaganda . 
  regarding middle east , i 'm sure that if the `` civilized '' countries would work together for the benefit of the middle eastern people , they 'd be able to make the place safe and preserve it the best they can , but most military actions in middle east are never about peace . 
  for example , when the france terrorists attacks happened , the first thing france did was bomb syria . 
  i think air bombing a country to get rid of its terrorists is not efficient at all . 
  i see what you did there, 
  you 're right . 
  it was so much more than a mistake . 
  people were lied to , especially by [ bush and blair ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bush%e2%80%93blair_2003_iraq_memo ) , and that resulted in mass murder . 
  when they realized they could n't go on with the wmd rhetoric because it was just too bullshit , they transformed it in a `` democracy '' mission, 
  yes colors - government position percentages - people against the invasion of iraq, 
  the iraq invasion was such a mistake, 
  i do n't know who to cheer for because i 'm still bitter over germany , but i guess i 'll just say : * let the best team win * good luck to both !, 
  if you think the 2004 and 2007 expansions are the sole reason uk is out then you have n't even listened to the leave campaign . 
  there 's a latin version ? 
  * goes to listen to it *, 
   the 2004 and 2007 expansions are already considered a mistake by many in the eu and single-handedly made the uk - one of the eu 's top contributors - leave the union . 
  lol, 
  wrong person to talk to . 
  if i had to choose between the three , i 'd choose sanders . 
  then again , would n't eu and nato want to save ukraine for falling completely under russia 's control and ( by force ) becoming an asset to them ?
