   bolsheviks stop using words you do n't understand, 
  it saddens me , but nothing i can do . 
  now i 'm more interested in what happens with scotland and n ireland . 
  well ... remember how the swiss were clever enough to vote no on getting government money ? 
  that would never happen here . 
  we 're not smart enough to realize that would destroy our economy . 
  keep dracula out of this . 
  maybe they parliament and the government will give the petition made today a chance . 
  who knows, 
  well , at least we 're still in ue and not a part of russia, 
  so was all this for nothing ? 
  the europoors of east wo n't be taking your jobs anymore , 
  i like how brits yell about us leaving them alone to democratically choose their path , but at the same time they keep saying `` ahhahahah european union will burn and you are all stupid to stay '' like fuck off, 
  at least now they can control their borders and i do n't ever have to listen to them only talk about the bad easterns and ignore the many doctors , teachers and the like that went there, 
  which is why next time you vote you need to think very clearly . 
  every vote counts . 
  well , what did they expect to happen ? 
  a fair share , but not the majority . 
  sure , the eu has problems to solve , but ignoring the benefits of the eu is silly . 
  stop acting like every other country feels negatively about the eu, 
  big bro finland lol, 
  no one on askeurope is answering my question :(, 
  well , the decision was made . 
  what do you want us to do ? 
  cry ? 
  grovel at your feet ? 
  and then be called `` enemies of democracy '' ? 
  no thanks . 
  yeah , the sheer arrogance is just wow, 
  `` we 're fine , this is fine '' :d, 
  well , it just got over 100,000 . from what i understand , it has to be considered and talked about by the parliament and the government . 
  true that . 
  we 'll just have to wait and see . 
  actually i 've noticed this . 
  the french , and especially the germans , do n't tend to be as rageful as the english . 
  of course , as someone who is pro eu on some level , what you 're saying makes me happy . 
  i remember this joke  biden : sir ... ... . . the teens want to change the national economy to communism  obama : oh no ... . . how many signatures are there  biden : sir there 's ... there 's 100,000  obama : * sheds a tear * then it seems we have no choice ... . . comrade, 
  you 're still in europe , but not the eu, 
  i know , she 's been in romania too , talking about eu and such . 
  well , i guess in the end it is up to the french citizens to decide . 
  i have a feeling that the east and germany will be the only ones left in eu :(, 
  so it is indeed the domino effect . 
  it 's common knowledge that the presence of young people at votes is lower than that of old people . 
  that 's too bad, 
  french redditors , is this a possibility ? 
  how popular is this ? 
  i agree . 
  uk should understand that people are mad about it and emotions can get deep , but ultimately there 's almost half of uk who wants to stay and we should support them . 
  go go scotland . 
  true , the next two years will be quite the ride . 
  rooting for you guys tho ' . 
  can this actually happen ? 
  that 's nice . 
  i hope the scottish take the best decision in this situation . 
  i 've heard there have already been calls for independence referendums . 
  i believe it might go through right now because of the disappointment the scottish might feel towards england . 
  just because uk and some other countries like the netherlands feel that the eu has failed them , that does n't mean that 's the opinion of the majority . 
  i can understand that . 
  i mean , the eu should first and foremost favor eu nations . 
  i 'm sad for the people who voted remain and lost . 
  i can only imagine how they feel . 
  i believe you . 
  i 've seen that scots favor the eu . 
  if the scottish leave uk , will they want to join the eu ? 
  and now the domino effect will begin, 
  guys pls , there 's enough anxiety going around, 
  i think it is possible , but it would spark a shitshow, 
  goddamn it uk :( well it was nice while it lasted, 
  i believe juncker said that out is out : /, 
  i feel sad . 
  it sucks of course . 
  i also feel a bit scared . 
  an unstable eu is putin 's wet dream . 
  i just woke up like 30 minutes ago and i 'm in shock . 
  sure , but it also belongs here :d, 
  [ well , uk , can you please be silent now ? 
  the kids are sleeping ] ( https://youtu.be/wdqayc1sr7g?t=82 ), 
  we do n't really have shootings here . 
  and the police rarely use their guns . 
   gun ownership in romania is regulated by law 295/2004 . 
  romania has one of the toughest gun ownership laws in the world . 
   in order for citizens to obtain a non-lethal weapon , they must obtain a permit from the police , and must register their weapon once they purchased it . 
  civilians can not purchase a lethal firearm . 
   the only categories of people who are legally entitled to carry a weapon are magistrates , mps , military forces and certain categories of diplomats . 
  a psychological evaluation is required beforehand in all cases . 
   furthermore , knives with a blade longer than 15 cm are considered weapons and have a similar regime to those of firearms . 
   in order for a hunter to obtain a hunting/gun ownership license , he must spend a certain `` practice time '' with a professional hunter . 
   minors ( 15 and older ) may also use a weapon , provided that they are under the supervision of someone who has a gun license . 
  however , they can not own or carry one until the age of 18 . 
   the use of guns for self-defense is only allowed if the gun is a last resort option . 
  here , any public display that shows you support nazism is punishable by law , sometimes with imprisonment, 
   farage predicts remain has won polls have closed and nigel farage is predicting that remain has won . 
  holy shit and i thought our order police was bad . 
  it should n't be legal to beat someone up , but use restraining force . 
  those punches ... wtf . 
  good to know :d i 'm sure that there would be just a small number of people with something negative to say , and that it would have been hard to bump into them then , but i was much younger back then and much more cautious . 
  i remember going to hungary and being afraid to talk in romanian because of what people might say . 
  well , not to burst your bubble , but uk has been judging some eu 's members ' intelligence , social status and rights to be in their country or in the eu itself so i guess the uk are n't above those who judge brits ' intelligence . 
  this very much . 
  also , the uk has been very condescending to the eu throughout the campaign so just vote whatever you want and get it over .
