  i do n't blame him though . 
  he did n't have much power . 
  then , the red army came and fucked up the country . 
  - communism . 
  it blocked us from developing along with our western neighbours . 
  and romania was especially bad during that time . 
  it was a punishment for being part of the axis , i get that , but i feel like not everyone was punished equally . 
  the allies helped germany rebuild itself and progress . 
  we were forgotten behind the iron curtain . 
  - post communist period . 
  bad political choices that still have consequences today . 
   defeat in wwii considering the nazis , i 'm sure you 'll agree that it was for the best . 
  yeah , that was nasty . 
  and this is upsetting :  my grandpa was out for a walk with my mom ( 5 years old ) when the tanks rolled into prague . 
  everyone was in disbelief while the invasion army started firing warning shots . 
  grandpa tried to talk the soldiers out of it , telling them we are allies , but he met cold poker faces . 
  ceausescu was a communist dictator in a country that had been occupied by the soviets until 1958 , but even he was against the soviets ' actions and criticized them for what they did to czechoslovakia . 
  he did n't have that much love for soviets and he did n't want them to meddle too much . 
  he was rather closer to nk . 
  the population already hated the red army for what they did in our country . 
  his wikipedia also states :  ceau\u0219escu 's speech of 21 august 1968 represented the apogee of his regime . 
  it marked the highest point in ceau\u0219escu 's popularity , when he openly condemned the warsaw pact invasion of czechoslovakia . 
  most romanian characters in american movies are prostitutes or vampires . 
  or maybe both . 
   not recognizing him as president that 's not something that could happen , no matter where the public stands, 
  with interest so that they make sure our bilateral relationships remain the same . 
  after all , eastern europe is in a delicate position . 
  however , if the trump administration does something that would have international consequences ( like denying climate chance and refusing involvement in the fight against climate change ) , i 'd hope our government would ask the trump administration to be reasonable . 
  he invaded iraq based on lies which he knew were lies . 
  he wanted to go to war with or without reason . 
  he fucked up the middle east and indirectly created isis . 
  i think he should clearly be investigated about [ this iraq memo ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bush%e2%80%93blair_2003_iraq_memo ), 
   romania : we 've always had great relations with them , transylvania is quite a unique place . 
  nice language , brings some melody to this area . 
  every romanian i 've met was really nice and showed interest in serbia . 
  ayyy thank serbian bro, 
  i do n't remember but i do n't think it happens every winter . 
  it did happen in the past years . 
  usually because it 's code red for snow and the wind is very strong . 
  that blocks the traffic too because somehow * winter always take our authorities by surprise * . 
  glorious roman empire, 
   romania has blessed ciolos and saint kovesi ayyyyy yas someone knows the real mvps, 
  yep , we have it too  denial of the holocaust in public , or to the effects thereof is punishable by imprisonment from 6 months to 5 years and the loss of certain rights . 
  i found reeses peanut butter cups at my local supermarket . 
  in romania . 
  that 's saying something . 
  you need to riot !, 
  seriously though , i tried them for the first time this year a few weeks ago because i kept seeing them whenever i went there ( they are placed next to the check out ) and i heard they were a big deal in the us or something . 
  they were quite good . 
  but to make this totally shameful , as far as i remember , it 's the first time i ever tried peanut butter too . 
  did you use the swings and etc ? 
  because i imagine that 's pretty common . 
  you 're not allowed to use them anymore because you might damage them or whatever . 
  i remember a similar situation happened to me in bucharest , but the police was n't called . 
  the park guard came and told us to leave immediately , that we 're too old and not allowed to use the swings and things like that . 
  i think i was 14 back then . 
  no one in this thread has been to romania so far . 
  invest in eastern ~ ~ poland ~ ~ romania guys / s well aside from my own country i 've only been to : - hungary - uk both were very interesting . 
  i was n't in hungary for touristic reasons , i was there for a short while because of a concert , but it was nice nonetheless . 
  i wish i could visit them all and in depth . 
  i 'm sure all of them have interesting stuff to see . 
  it 's weird how many westerners say they have corruption in their governments . 
  did n't expect that to be a big problem in the west . 
  not one that would be the first thing to post about here . 
  anyhow . 
  i 'm from romania . 
  our current government is great . 
  not perfect , but much better than what we 've had before . 
  the ministers are okay , but i mostly trust the pm , who 's really something else on the romanian political scene . 
  unfortunately , we have parliamentary elections on 11 december so that might change everything . 
  i think foreigners learning romanian is great !, 
  i do n't have any advice for them other than to try to practice it with native speakers , but what i can say is that romanian is a romance language so if you know another romance language ( french , spanish , italian and the like ) , it might be easier for you to learn romanian because of the similarities . 
  it 's not a popular language so when foreigners want to learn more unpopular languages , most native speakers will be excited because of their interest and motivation . 
  exactly . 
  like i agree that when `` the population is armed '' , police officers need to be more weary , but the amount of fatalities and the bad strategy is just a mess . 
  i hope we never loosen our gun laws . 
  kaunas tree looks better from my point of view . 
  has more color and is very fairytale-like . 
  this is all very helpful !, 
  especially the last one !, 
  ahahah thank you very much for taking the time !, 
  thank you very much for these :d, 
  and add some drinking to that !, 
  :p and then they start talking politics . 
  * facepalms *, 
  i did . 
  it was greece . 
  the serbian government and the romanian government cooperate pretty well without a fence . 
  in the last 2-3 months , quite a few refugees tried to enter romania illegally and they were sent back to serbia because serbia and romania have an agreement on this . 
  hungary could do this as well . 
  besides ... orban should be ashamed that instead of helping or at least shutting up about it , they let countries like greece , that have big economical problems , be flooded with refugees . 
  not only that , but it is n't individuals , like me and you . 
  it was several eu leaders . 
  from merkel to luxembourg 's fm . 
  let 's be honest and realize that orban is a populist . 
  he 's a rusophile and has a bad influence on hungary . 
  okay , fair , but who said anything about fences ? 
  that 's now what the eu thinks is okay . 
  yeah , but the eu criticized it too , did n't they ? 
  i actually did know that about putin and russians , but did n't know there was such a rhetoric in hungary too .
