  while ceausescu was a peculiar communist leader because he was n't the best of friends with the soviets and was one of the only communist leaders to actually condemn the soviet union for the invasion of czechoslovakia , in which romania did not take part , he was leaning towards north korea . 
  after his visit , he was fascinated and inspired by the personality cult that was going on there . 
  which he tried his best to apply to romania . 
  what exactly led to his demise were his actions during the last years of dictatorship . 
  he aimed to pay off * all * of romania 's external debts , * which he did * , but the way he did it greatly affected romanians . 
  there was a lack of food , and electricity and water were often cut for long periods of time . 
  this led to the romanian revolution in december 1989 . 
  the tricky part is that it was n't really a spontaneous revolution , but greatly supported by ion iliescu , a different kind of communist . 
  he took advantage of the general state of mind caused by ceausescu to fulfill his goals . 
  it is recognized today that the revolution was more of a coup . 
  however , the victims of the revolution are still respected , mourned and looked upon with admiration . 
  they are still considered fighters for freedom . 
  - ** ion iliescu ** was , like i said , a different kind of communist . 
  while officially recognized as the first president of the post 1989 democratic state of romania , he was more of a russia loving communist , as opposed to ceausescu . 
  the system was still filled with people from the old regime and corruption . 
  which later , in the summer of 1990 , led to the mineriad . 
  the intellectual elite , the students , the teachers ... they all started protesting against the * new regime with old people * . 
  ion iliescu back then called them `` hooligans '' and it all ended with a blood bath when he called upon the miners to come to bucharest and `` instill order '' . 
  those events are still very known to people today , especially the most recent ones . 
  there have been many protests in recent years where you would still hear songs written about some of these events , especially those about the mineriad , which portrayed the will of the students , the youth , the educated , to fight against a corrupt system . 
  it is better than decent !, 
  about the eu referendum ... you reckon there will be another one at some point in the future ? 
  i mean , it was close , but i imagine norway 's opinion of the eu has only deteriorated as of late so i do n't think now would be the time . 
  i understand now . 
  those are certainly factors that would motivate a small turnout like that . 
   i guess people are just tired of politics . 
  maybe there 's something within the current politics that makes them tired ? 
  yes , i think you 're right . 
  it also has something to do with the collective mentality . 
  the duty to vote and being taught the importance of your vote . 
  not just that , but i imagine that the general swedish public does not fall for populism or votes irresponsibly . 
  by irresponsibly i mean people who promise measures that are good in the immediate future , but present a threat to the economy later on . 
  could be better , could be worse . 
  maybe it also matters on who runs and how they run . 
  but i 'm sure it can be improved over time . 
  i think it should be at least 60 % turn out and you 're very close . 
  thanks !, 
  that 's very good !, 
  i 've noticed there 's a pattern with a smaller turnout for european elections . 
  well , yeah , it could be better , but it could also improve with the right actions !, 
  it 's still somewhat good . 
  like i said in a previous post , elections should have at least 60 % turnout and i believe you will get there !, 
   and that 's all nothing compared to the european parliamentary elections , which were at 19,5 % . 
  pretty sad if you ask me . 
  people in cz mostly feel zero connection to the european politics . 
  i think it 's mainly because they 're not advertised enough or properly . 
  eu or pro eu parties should work on that . 
  of course , citizens also have to take initiative . 
  i think it can be a two way solution . 
  goddamn sweden , why are you guys always so good at everything ? 
  no , seriously , that 's amazing !, 
  congrats to sweden !, 
  good poland !, 
  doing better than us !, 
  congrats and here 's to hoping it goes higher than 50 % because it should be at least 60 % for all of us !, 
   law on marriage and family relations what about it exactly ? 
   archives wow !, 
  what a low turnout !, 
  but i guess i 'm part of the majority then . 
  what was this about ? 
  was it not advertised enough ? 
  that 's not the best turn out for parliamentary and presidential elections , but it could be worse ( hehe ) . 
  and with more awareness it can go up !, 
  hopefully it will !, 
  thanks for the reply !, 
  it 's still a very good percent and it can always go higher !, 
  thanks !, 
  i think that 65 % is n't too bad . 
  it certainly represents a majority of the voters . 
  and i think the uk probably gets a good education about civic duties so maybe a percent of those who do n't vote have a good reason besides * not being informed * or * not caring * . 
  anyway , it 's way better than here !, 
  thank you for the reply !, 
  yeah , i knew about belgium . 
  i thought it was enforced though . 
  it 's great and i think a measure like that would be pretty good for our country . 
  but we 'd also need some more civic education because a lot of people do n't understand politics or how to vote responsibly . 
  thank you for you reply !, 
  it is great !, 
  i can only wish people here would start taking their civic duties more seriously !, 
  thank you for your reply !, 
   from 1989 wow !, 
  that 's really good !, 
   in the years before 1989 it used to be significantly more , even reaching 88 % in 1977 . 
  we also had mandatory voting before 1970 . 
  i think having a mandatory vote before helped build that mentality . 
  thank you for the reply !, 
  that 's very good !, 
  i applaud your country for being responsible !, 
  the netherlands in romania is almost always referred to as `` olanda '' , but the proper name would be '' \u0162\u0103rile de jos '' . 
  ah , my bad then . 
  i 'd choose moldova but they 're not really military strong . 
  ukraine ... well , they 're not exactly stable . 
  bulgaria probably . 
  hungary . 
  we never went to war with serbia so we shall keep the tradition . 
  moldova is our bro , brolgaria is nice and ukraine is already caught up in war . 
  hungary , prepare !, 
  - the holocaust . 
  it is n't very known to foreigners , but romania had its own holocaust . 
  that whole period was a black period for our country and the king 's coup came a bit too late .
