  what country other than turkey ( towards greece ) behaves in such manner ? 
  the truth is that hungary prefers to be a dick to most of their neighbours , especially romania , over a historical event rather than try to maintain our diplomatic relationship . 
  thank god the rest of european countries are better than that because otherwise europe would still be waging wars on each other . 
   romania : oh , boy . 
  i do n't want to talk shit , but still , the connections are becoming more tense between our countries and i do n't think we are to blame here . 
  yeah , you 're right , our politicians are the ones coming to your country to start shit up . 
  most people outside of romania and hungary know what orban is doing and that it is not our fault . 
  can you stop talking about us as if we 're the scum of europe ? 
  thank you . 
  we did n't do just that . 
  we also sank the titanic . 
   u/nonamenoglory bothered to ask this because of facebook . 
  this is usually from the crowd that like to paste posters with quotes from osho or post photos with a cup of coffee telling `` good morning '' . 
  listen to this guy . 
  he knows all about me . 
  keep up the good work with this fallacy called personal attacks . 
   i 'm against gay parades . 
  good for you . 
   i think you 're confusing faith with religion . 
  yeah , i might have . 
  but there are gay people who got to church . 
  not in romania , because duh , but there are . 
   churches are n't obligated . 
  if catholics and protestants want to invite them , it 's their decision . 
  what we do to ours is our bussiness and nobody else 's . 
  well , nobody asked me . 
  our church does whatever the hell it wants , including illegal things , because there are n't too many public people that have the guts to say something against them . 
   separation between religion and state = religion is n't bound to pay taxes ; if it does , then it has a say in politics well they do n't pay any taxes here , but i 'm pretty sure they influence people and decisions . 
   i 'm convinced that you did n't bothered to read the bible without ill-blooded preconception against your parents or school , or what churches you 've went to & priests , but if there 's one thing christianity teach is that you can never be 100 % good nor convince others that whatever decisions you 've made to result good deeds . 
  how could we , we 're not god , we 're not christ . 
  when you start disseminate into `` oh , look , a non-believer that is doing good ; oh , look , a believer that is n't doing good '' , it 's easy to go into the temptation of non-believing . 
  alas , a lot of non-believers confuse god with man ... that shows immeasurable inconsistency with what the faith itself is and how much non-believers bother to understand & validate their own position and credibility . 
  your experiences are not other people 's experiences . 
  i 've met enough rotten priests and seen the way they `` teach '' things and what they ask in return . 
  i did n't say i do n't believe in something , what i said is that you do not need god or religion or a church or a faith to be a good person and i can recognize that . 
   i bet my life you did n't come up with that wall of text on your own . 
  of course . 
  because / r/ebadd is the only person on earth with the capability to think for themselves . 
  you know what ? 
  give me a break . 
  you 're obviously not doing this for the sake of discussing , but you 're going out of your way to find each and every one of my posts to fight for the sake of fighting . 
  i 'm not anti democracy . 
  does democracy specify i have to like the result of an election ? 
  do you see me in the street yelling about the illegitimacy of psd 's win ? 
  but i am not obliged to like it . 
  now go party , you got your new pm . 
   a proper conservative party is rather hard to find here that 's because ideology is put on the second place mostly . 
  have n't watched much of eurovision , but from 2015 , the last i watched , are these : - [ austria ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-f993p0cav8 ) - [ georgia ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gwgdzq0mwtg ) - [ sweden ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-msutn_oku4 ) and [ uk ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eniab0xchty ) for the lulz . 
  the rhythm is catchy , but the lyrics are wtf . 
  - psd - social democrats . 
  - pnl - national liberals - usr - save romania union - udmr - democratic alliance of hungarians in romania - pmp - people 's movement party - alde - alliance of liberals and democrats - pru - united romania party and a few others . 
  my favorite ? 
  none really , but i tend to lean towards liberal parties in general . 
  i can tell you who i hate though . 
  and that 's psd + alde + pru . 
  the only guy i liked the most is our current prime minister who 'll leave come january . 
  he was an ex eu commissioner and a technocrat . 
   if it means someone could get into office with less than 30 % of the vote . 
  it 's grim here because presence at the vote , save for presidential ones , is less than 50 % . 
  in our last elections , psd basically won 45 % votes with a 40 % presence at the vote . 
  they made a coalition with alde and udmr and have the majority in the parliament . 
  as long as you keep religion to yourself , as in you do n't restrict people 's rights because ? who knows ? 
  told you that they do n't deserve them , we 'll leave you alone . 
  why does it bother people like you when others can enjoy the same rights ? 
  they 're not getting special rights ... they 're getting the same rights as everyone else . 
  no one 's forcing you to like them , but to show them basic human decency . 
  your god told you to love everyone and `` let any one of you who is without sin be the first to throw a stone '' . 
  your god told you that you have no right to judge another , that you 're not in a position to do that , but you ( the collective you ) do it every day . 
  equal rights should always come first . 
  and remember that restricting rights is always a slippery slope . 
  you may end up with the short end of the stick one day . 
   first they came for the socialists , and i did not speak out --  because i was not a socialist . 
   then they came for the trade unionists , and i did not speak out --  because i was not a trade unionist . 
   then they came for the jews , and i did not speak out --  because i was not a jew . 
   then they came for me -- and there was no one left to speak for me . 
  seems people fighting for equal rights is propaganda to you . 
  alright . 
  go on hating the gays !, 
  your life will be much , much better . 
  praise your king jesus christ !, 
  yes , that 's what our interim government thought too . 
  he said that there are many kids who are poor and ca n't get proper food and by going to school they 'd get a good , healthy meal and it would encourage education . 
  i 'm sure our pm had other similar ideas to promote education . 
  unfortunately , romanians were like , `` nah , we 'll vote the most corrupt party '' . 
  there 's a difference between advice coming from someone that has no influence on you and an advice from someone that religious people consider a spiritual guider . 
  sure , positive messages coming from the church are a good thing : love everyone , stop hating lgbt , generally do n't be an asshole , etc , but there are also stuff they should keep to themselves . 
  like telling people what sort of diet they should be on . 
  that 's the job of health specialists . 
  also , being a vegetarian is n't something that qualifies someone as better than someone who eats meat . 
  nor is it healthy for everyone to be a vegetarian due to certain conditions . 
  i think religion should remain something intimate and it should never be used to influence other people 's lives like the way it happens with lgbt people . 
  you want to go to church and believe in god ? 
  alright , but keep it to yourself and do n't bother other people who do n't feel like you . 
  even more so ... there are gay religious people . 
  they should be welcomed too if they want to go to church , but they wo n't want to go to one where they 're told they 'll burn in hell or whatever . 
  religion should absolutely not have a say in politics , but unfortunately it happens in some countries ... 
  i also agree about religion in school . 
  at most , teach children the history of religions , but that 's about it . 
  one last thing : teaching people that the only way they can be good is if they believe in god is absolutely stupid . 
  you can be good without god .
