  :'( i totally respect italy and spain for giving employees so much time to actually enjoy a meal and a break . 
  i knew canadians secretly wanted in the eu !, 
  well , i mean , a girl 's got ta live somehow, 
  let 's not forget about [ this one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=alukfu2aoby ) which we still sing during university ceremonials . 
   i 'm the kind of guy who cares about the prospect of actually getting to use the acquired language in the field , but as latin did n't offer me this prospect i did n't care much for it and dropped it when i had the chance . 
  that 's true too . 
  and it 's unfortunate . 
  because it does sound interesting . 
  ah , to be of latin descent in the slavic east . 
  like a lady in the middle of brutes . 
  we had it for a couple of years too , besides french . 
  did n't stick with me because i was n't interested in it at the time . 
  i should have paid more attention . 
  sounds great and i could easily learn this . 
  maybe it has something to do with me being a descendant of the * glorious roman empire * . 
  top 5 i got are liverpool , berlin , stockholm , amsterdam and munich . 
  sounds good . 
  no , it 's not * ever the victim * when xenophobia towards ee has existed long before brexit and has been trivialized so much that very few cared about it until brexit happened ( when said xenophobia was used for political reasons ) . 
  we can into ee !!!!, 
  nah , it 's just a matter of time before they go back and only focus on ee, 
  hey , we 're their neighbour too * sideeyes *, 
  it did n't snow in bucharest yet but it did around the mountains . 
  when it does snow in bucharest , can i just ship it all to helsinki ? 
  because while snow looks great and this picture is gorgeous , i am not a fan of walking in it , especially when it 's above ankles and the authorities pretend to do their jobs . 
  heard that on tv too . 
  i was really surprised with it , but good for us !, 
  ah , the infamous youtube comment sections . 
  proceed with caution, 
  influence . 
  a sphere of influence which russia is lacking in the `` cold war '' with nato . 
  one of the reasons crimea happened too . 
  strategic points and a building sphere of influence . 
  should have been besides google so we can get more diverse answers . 
  of course google will be widely used as it 's a sort of portal for all the other websites and it answers any question . 
  nice map anyway . 
  or when that russian politician said he 'll bomb romania because we did n't let him fly above our country or something . 
  actually , bulgaria would have agreed to sign it if it were n't for romania being firm about the visas . 
  it 's europe 's north korea ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  a union between moldova and romania would create political and economical problems . 
  not that we should let them rot with the russians , but we need to be very smart in taking them away from russia 's claws and towards the eu because there is possibility of real conflict there . 
  well , i mean , they are important . 
  this will definitely decide moldova 's fate because igor promised to end the treaty between moldova and the eu and move the country towards russia while maia sandu is pretty pro eu . 
  there have also been protests regarding the union of moldova with romania , which is unlikely from my point of view , but , in case of referendum ( if one would ever happen ) , it would create yet more tensions between russia and romania . 
  generally ... i think moldova has the potential to become a stable democratic country if they 'd escape corrupt politicians and russian influence . 
  well let 's hope that igor is n't going to get the chance to fuck shit up . 
  apparently it was felt in neighbouring countries as well . 
  i , too , am interested in this because honestly , i 've never seen such tensions ever since the cold war . 
  the pamphlets in case of russian invasion that were given to the lithuanians has reached news in romania too . 
  i do think they are useful , whether or not russia would ever invade . 
  now ... i do n't know what to say . 
  we have russia invading ukraine which was partly easy because it 's not even a member of the eu let alone of nato . 
  sure , there were the sanctions that already damaged and continues to damage their falling economy , but that did n't scare russia away , did it ? 
  and now , public tv in russia talks about giving out food rations to people and preparing them for war . 
  now this is n't just a scare tatic directed at the west , but also towards the russian people who know about their history with famine and war and it enables a `` we 'll fight till the end '' way of thinking . 
  yesterday , someone posted a bbc video on whether or not russian people think there will be a war of sorts and most people do n't think that or they do n't want it , but the question is * how crazy would putin be to do it * ? 
  cause logically , although destruction would plague both sides , russia will most certainly lose against nato as it is today . 
  there would be massive casualties on both sides though ... and it sucks to think of that . 
  especially when you are in the front lines . 
  journalism at its finest, 
  i have a german friend who tells me the same . 
  she hates the dubbing culture in germany . 
  and funny thing is , when i was a child and foreign ( us ) cartoon channels started airing in our country , there was a period of time in which they were neither dubbed , nor subbed . 
  my mom knew a bit of english and tried to help me understand what the characters were saying . 
  i think i learned english easier that way . 
  the gift that keeps on giving, 
  well , it 's good to know that and it 's refreshing to see a westerner say something like this because look at how many western anti eu parties or anti ee people use this narrative and how false this whole thing is . 
  news flash ... it kind of already is . 
   romania recorded the steepest drop in the european union in the retail price of gasoline from mid-2014 until july this year , namely 23.7 % . 
   the retail price of diesel fuel dropped by 23.48 % , the third steepest cheapening in the eu during this period , according to a report of the competition council . 
   the average pump price for a liter of gasoline in romania amounted to eur 1.1 in early july this year , compared to eur 1.4 on june 30 2014 . 
   the second and third steepest drops in the eu after romania were recorded in poland ( 23.15 % ) and bulgaria ( 22.49 % ) . 
  in contrast , the lowest decreases were registered in portugal ( 11.99 % ) and malta ( 11.11 % ) . 
   however , according to the competition council , romania has some of the highest fuel prices before taxes in the eu . 
  the competition council has come up with the idea of creating a database and a web or mobile application for comparing fuel prices to help increase competition on this market . 
  are you planning something ? 
  hungary can into world domination ? 
  oh the irony, 
  oh god stop with the fatansies . 
  austria-hungary will never happen again . 
   ukrain is just another huge country that gets added that adds nothing else but free labor for the western big company 's . 
  while there own citizens get shafted . 
   we saw this happen with poland and all those other country 's that are now completely whiping any half decent job of the map , because company 's can do whatever they want , as there is endless amount of cheap labor to gain . 
  i will say it again and again . 
  the fault lies with the dutch , etc. 
  companies who are willing to pay these people less and use them . 
  if there were laws against paying immigrants less ( even if the immigrants would agree ) , there would be no difference in who gets the job . 
  so you and the british only have your government to blame for immigrants working on a smaller pay than they should . 
  that jesus up on the studio 's ceiling tho, 
   every country triggered, 
  half of nato 's military is in our country ^ ^ ^ / s, 
   canada plans to send frigates to the black sea and f-18 hornet fighter jets to romania in 2017 , which will participate in air police missions , reports local hotnews.ro . 
   such aircraft were previously stationed at the airbase in campia turzii in 2014 and the mihail kogalniceanu base in 2016 . 
   moreover , canada has already decided to contribute with general staff personnel to the nato multinational brigade to be set up in craiova , romania . 
   the romanian minister of defense mihnea motoc had a bilateral meeting with the canadian counterpart harjit singh sajjan on wednesday , october 26 , in the context of the meetings of nato defense ministers . 
   `` the romanian minister of national defense expressed appreciation for canada 's solidarity and commitment in strengthening nato 's deterrence ability in the eastern flank , mentioning the consistent presence of canadian forces in the exercises organized on our country 's territory and in the black sea region , on all three operational dimensions -- air , land , and sea , '' reads a statement from the romanian ministry of defense . 
   the canadian minister `` highlighted the recent decision to contribute with general staff personnel to the effort of operationalizing the multinational brigade in craiova , also mentioning canada 's intentions to continue deploying detachments of f-18 fighter jets and frigates to romania and the black sea . ''  the uk defense secretary michael fallon announced on wednesday , october 26 , that the british royal air force ( raf ) would send typhoon fighter jets to romania in 2017 . 
  the aircraft will be stationed at the mihail kogalniceanu airbase in southeast romania for up to four months and will also take part in air police missions . 
   us will also deploy an armored battalion in romania in early 2017 , part of its commitment to increase military presence in eastern europe . 
  the cypriot one looks interesting . 
   the romanian government has decided to grant ten annual scholarships to afghan students starting with the 2016-2017 school year .
