  they wo n't have the same authority under russian influence . 
  the russians , unlike the eu , wo n't let them run their mouths or do whatever they want if it does n't benefit the russians primarily . 
  do you think russia will be soft on them or on us ? 
  they 'll fuck everyone who steps out of the line in no time . 
  russia has no love for us and the majority of us do n't have any love for it either . 
  it would be ** catastrophic ** if we were to pull out of eu and become partners with russia . 
  and the thing is . . psd needs this divide ( not just economical , but educational ) for votes . 
  if the divide does n't exist , psd is n't as popular . 
  in the end , ciolos is not a god , he ca n't fix everything , but he tried to fix some things in this one year . 
  that 's a good point , but are they willing to lose almost complete popularity if they drift towards russia and we face economical suicide ? 
  same here . 
  this is completely and utterly fucked up . 
  most young people voted for usr ( save romania union , a new party ) or pnl ( national liberal party ) . 
  the social democrats won enough votes that they 'll probably be able to make a majority alone , without the help of coalitions , but their friend party ( alde ) might be in the new parliament too . 
  all i can say is that psd is corrupted and with this election we will lose the best pm and government romania ever had . 
  it 's truly sad and i do n't know how much hope i have left . 
  yeah , i hoped so too . 
  but i think a lot of the people who were at the protests voted . 
  it just was n't enough . 
  this will be a dark period for us . 
  hopefully they do n't create really big controversies . . 
  we are officially fucked . 
   that 's what happens when barely 40 % of the people vote and young people have the lowest turnout . 
  and it 's even worse for those of us who appreciated our current government . 
  we `` tasted '' better things and now we 'll go back to shit . 
  parliamentary elections . 
  go drunk you 're home, 
  sir , how dare you . 
  wallachia is n't the poorest region . 
  make wallachia great again, 
  of course . 
  psd trained them to ... i 'm joking , but they usually vote for the social democrats so yeah . 
  you can also pick `` prezenta tari diaspora '' and see the diaspora vote . 
  almost 1000 in germany . 
  just heard that there 's 20 injured on the news . 
  that 's awful , i 'm sorry, 
  we have a long way to go ... 
   romania will never ban smoking in private residences well ... good . 
  i would never support that . 
  i think we should be orange on that map . 
  smoking is banned indoors ( actually the law describes it as `` a 3 wall construction '' so a bus station also counts ) and it 's banned near playgrounds . 
  we went through the same thing recently . 
  i 'm a smoker so for me it sucked , but i do n't dwell on these laws anymore either . 
  it is what it is . 
  what i dislike is that the bars i 've been to during winter do n't offer any sort of area where we could smoke and not die freezing . 
  summer is pretty much okay because we 're all outside , but winters can get pretty fucking cold and it sucks . 
  there are places where they offer you blankets or have some sort of warmth radiator outside , but they 're not the majority . 
   germanic or slavic race . 
  latin race best race my friend . 
  we 're gon na call dem italians and bring back the roman empire in a second just you wait, 
  please do n't take him seriously . 
  he 's either a troll or a dickhead . 
  there will be a referendum on the definition of the term `` family '' in constitution ( to either remain as it is - formed by the consensual marriage of the spouses - or as the religion nutjobs want it - formed by the consensual marriage between a man and a woman - ) , we 're not banning gays . 
  it 's just that some religious nutjobs gathered signatures for this referendum . 
  and there have been some protests against it . 
  honestly , i know we ca n't offer them as much as germany , but this seems reckless . 
  sometimes , they have children below the age of 1 with them and they put them in dangerous situations when they try to cross the border hidden god knows where . 
  romania is n't the best option out there , but it is far from the worst . 
  actually , i was wondering about hungary . 
  it 's surprising to see it above switzerland for example . 
  but like you said , an absence of laws does not mean the situation is worse . 
  this is about legal rights and not public opinion . 
   nobody really cares if you 're gay or not . 
  you can not make that claim . 
   they can adopt children . 
  legal ( which is pretty much legal in most european countries ) :  adoption by single homosexuals in russia or ( in case of russian children ) in foreign countries that do not recognise same-sex marriage illegal :  step-child adoption by same-sex couples  joint adoption by same-sex couples, 
  more than italy ? 
  small victories . 
  / s also , why are liechtenstein , san marino and monaco so low ? 
  and georgia so high ? 
  :o on a serious note , i hope that my country 's attitude towards the lgbt community will improve with time . 
  the biggest problem is education among older folks . 
  take these elections for example : - older people are more likely to turn up to the vote , young people not so much . 
  the youth seems sick and tired with the political class so they think it 's useless to vote . 
  untrue , in my opinion , but that 's the general feeling . 
  this is also an important factor as to why young people leave for the west , which in turns creates a brain drain for romania . 
  however , with the rise of usr , a lot of people who did n't usually vote have decided to give them a chance . 
  - civic education ( or education generally ) is a key factor in how people elect their representatives . 
  romania needs to improve this asap . 
  it is n't just a lack of awareness towards corruption , it 's that some of the condone it with selfishness and stupidity . 
  `` what does it matter that the economy will suffer if they cut taxes ? 
  i care about * me * and * right now * rather than about * the collective well being * and * the future * . '', 
  - old people in rural places represent the easiest target for political propaganda . 
  they 're uninformed and some of the uneducated . 
  it 's easy to influence them . 
  - that 's not to say that there are n't young people who vote for corrupt politicians , mainly because they were influenced by their surroundings , but they 're a much smaller percentage . 
  - nationalists are usually against liberals , who are the less corrupted side of the romanian political spectrum . 
  but i do think that we 're taking baby steps in the right direction . 
  hopefully this election will end in a triumph against corrupted parties like psd . 
  yes , i agree . 
  i think it 's very important for citizens to be part of the process . 
  we do n't just need politicians to stop being corrupt , we need to teach people that they should n't practice it or encourage it either . 
  well i think that the general plan is to : - make sure dna is not politically bullied - support and enforce transparency measures - battling political influence in public institutions by making sure that top positions are occupied based on merit and not influence - encouraging citizens to battle corruption themselves . 
  not only by not taking part in it , but by noticing the authorities any time they witness corruption . 
  ( bribing medical stuff , abuse of power , etc. ), 
  several apps or hotlines have come out too , in hope it 'll make it easier and more attractive to citizens . 
  a level of anonymity is ensures as well . 
  this whole article is cancer . 
  they do n't invade they * liberate * u n00b, 
  economic protectionism their wiki says .
