  there are so many complicated things about a possible unification . 
  and if there was a referendum in moldova , i 'm not sure it 'll pass . 
  besides , their president is basically a nutjob and he 's pumping anti romanian propaganda all the time . 
  i understand your point , but you rarely see anyone protesting putin . 
  i try my best to give the benefit of the doubt , but most russians , with few exceptions , support putin in one way or another . 
  moldova too . 
   and they always seem to come from the baltics and eastern europeans for some reason . 
  * always * . 
  lol . 
  alright , buddy . 
  i 've seen such comments from swedes , finns , french , british , germans , italians , spanish , greeks , dutch . . you name it . 
  it 's not just eastern europeans or baltics . 
  and it 's certainly not `` always '' . 
  you lot have a boner for blaming everything on the eastern europeans . 
  i think 2017 will be a shitshow politics wise because this new government is full of incompetents . 
  and so is the parliament . 
  unfortunately , it will undo some of our progress . 
  i do n't know what you consider pretty dark , but i do n't think that the majority of non-roma romanians are as dark as you think . 
  for example , i 'm pretty goddamn white . 
  not the rosy kind that can not tan , but pretty close . 
  i 'm allergic to sunlight now so it 's different , but when i was a child , i could tan . 
  the only things that are n't `` white '' about me are the color of my hair and eyes . 
  brown for both . 
  you have to keep in mind that our country has an opening to the black sea so loads of people go there during summer . 
  you also have to know what that kind of sentence implies , considering that being a fair skinned , blue eyed doll means being beautiful by western european standards , while the rest is `` meh '' . 
  so yeah , maybe you think i 'm `` so white for a romanian '' or `` not white enough '' , but maybe keep it to yourself when you meet a romanian . 
  it 's only polite . 
  haha !, 
  now you 're `` exotic '' in your own country !, 
  hahaha !, 
  great story !, 
  glad you left him talk himself into a hole . 
  people mistake romanians ' ethnicity rather than nationality . 
  some of my countrymen have heard comments such as `` wow . 
  you 're so white for a romanian . '', 
  and similar things . 
  i do n't think that they are selfish for these reasons . 
  i think poland and hungary are a bit selfish because they have been given opportunities for a better future and instead chose populists . 
  i know populists just won the election in romania , so i 'm not saying we 're better , but our populists at least do n't create problems for the eu . 
  i 'm not saying this out of spite , the way some westerners do , i 'm saying this because it 's sad seeing these countries , rated better than romania , still falling for populists . 
  anyway . 
  what i dislike about the netherlands is that my country has fulfilled the schengen criteria for years , but they 're so opposed to us being in schengen . 
  some dutch people say it 's because of roma people , but that 's bullshit because whoever wanted to leave , already left . 
  schengen mainly affects the movement of goods . 
  good info !, 
  thank you very much !, 
  isis here . 
  we have n't entered 2017 yet , but happy new year !, 
  thank you for the info !, 
  is `` guero '' used ? 
  is it a neutral word ? 
  as in the meaning ( insult or not ) changes with the intention ? 
  another reason why europe is so great . 
  nope . 
  we do n't . 
  we 're the best . 
  now bugger off . 
  i love how your whole discourse is based on `` everyone else ? 
  atrocities . 
  ( you probably do n't even know what atrocity means if you use it so lightly . ), 
  those guys do n't represent us as if their money does n't come from hungary and the likes of jobbik . 
  [ x ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tzvczfmxexc&amp;t=123s ) . 
  cc for subtitles . 
  they also go hand in hand with the russians , claiming that taking crimea was the right thing to do . 
  i would n't talk about assimilation if i were you . 
  we both know who gets the short end of the stick here . 
  even serbia banned some of your countrymen for being dicks about their land . 
  why ? 
  because you do not get to fuck up peace just because you have a history boner that wo n't go down . 
   ... as in literally every democratic country . 
  they get in , because they pass the vote limit . 
  nothing to see here . 
  so where are they shit on then ? 
  hmm ? 
   just a tiny episode about this : your embassy in australia invited our embassy , and the invite had a picture which shows the `` glorious '' romanian army marching on the streets of our capitol city . 
  it caused a major scandal , and though it was a harsh diplomatic move from the fm 's side , this is one of the few cases i would have done the same as him . 
  source ? 
  i do n't recall this . 
   we do n't have romanian , or pretty much any minority within our borders ( ecept a few , just ask the serbs in budapest , they love it here ) ah , yes , the ah empire was also known for having `` no minorities '' . 
    each and every one of our diplomatic actions is a reaction to atrocities others commit , spoken like a true nationalist . 
  senselessly . 
  thank you for making sure to repeat several times that our national day is `` shit '' . 
  okay , i get it . 
  you do you , hungary . 
  just try your best to stir as little * shit * as you can . 
  we 'd like to leave in a peaceful union . 
  do you realize your politicians are using those people for votes ? 
  and not just this , they are spreading anti romanian propaganda . 
  our government shits on them ? 
  lol . 
  do you even know what you 're talking about ? 
  the hungarian minority have the right to education in their mother language , including a university , they have a party representing them in the parliament , they get public services in their language , etc. 
   and inviting hungarian politicians to your trianon-celebrations is pretty much a dick move if you ask me , just to mention the most recent diplomatic stir . 
  it 's the normal thing to do . 
  that 's what diplomatic relationships are for . 
  everyone is invited to our national day . 
  even though hungarian nationalists tried to blow up people on our national day once . 
  and worse than simply not attending is that your fm * ordered * everyone not to go . 
  is this why you 're in the european union ? 
  is this hungary 's response to european union values ?
