  i know they do n't like us much , but regardless of brexit , i can not deny that it 's a beautiful country . 
   i merely said that it 's not a universally beneficial thing to be part of an integrated eu army maybe not , but it 's a compromise . 
  and in the current geopolitical context , with us ' new president in the west and russia in the east , i 'd say the more prepared to stand alone ( without us ) , the better . 
  i am concerned with both economical and security reasons . 
  look , i have nothing against moldova , but : 1 . a majority does n't want a unification 2 . russian troops 3 . potential of russian backlash 4 . romania can barely hold its own economically . 
  i never understood this . 
  i never understood why there has to be such a grudge against romania . 
  if we 're in eu and we 're trying our best , it 's not good enough . 
  if we were to side with russians ( god forbid ) , we 're scum . 
  we just do n't get a break , do we ? 
  it 's not about ego . 
  we 're neighbours with ukraine , crimea is not too far . 
  russia is n't too far either . 
  our neighbours are becoming rusophile and we need help to keep russia away . 
  this is n't just a favor for us you know ? 
  say `` who gives a shit about eastern europe '' and russia will show you that a sphere of influence does matter . 
  like many say `` russia does n't care about the baltics '' . 
  it does . 
  it cares about every single state , no matter how small or poor , as long as it can become part of its sphere of influence . 
  why was n't germany punished just as much ? 
  sure germany had the berlin wall , but west germany was spared . 
  sometimes it feels like we , in the east , were punished for everyone in the west that was part of the axis . 
  romania is the only country that had 90 % soviet influence and full on communism post war . 
   mark gitenstein , the former u.s. 
  ambassador in bucharest between 2009 and 2012 , says that he has never heard donald trump saying something negative about the missile shield . 
   `` i do n't see him weakening the shield , as for the army , he will certainly want to continue the deep strategic partnership that we have , '' gitenstein added , reports local hotnews.ro . 
   he also explained that trump had expressed during the campaign his concern on iran . 
  the purpose of the defensive shield at deveselu was to protect nato members from a possible attack of iran , according to the former u.s. 
   gitenstein also says that he does n't believe that the elections ' results will have a significant impact on the relationships between romania and the u.s. 
  however , other experts believe that donald trump may try to reach an agreement with russia , which would affect the countries in eastern europe . 
   `` i think the result of the u.s. elections is very bad for romania , unfortunately . 
  you will have to fight to maintain the american military presence in romania as there will be pressures to eliminate this presence . 
  you have the deveselu anti-missile shield , and this makes russia unhappy . 
  there will be pressures to remove this base , '' said stephen blank , a former professor at the u.s. army war college . 
   he thinks that romania 's leaders will have to increase the defense spending and to convince the new u.s. president of their country 's importance for the u.s. defense strategy . 
  it might even move faster than that this time, 
  europe too here and there , france , uk ... but us tops it . 
  and the difference is that many times governments have acted against the wishes of the majority in such things ... like the iraq invasion . 
  what 's up ireland ? 
  i ca n't see it brothers in penis sizes, 
  the us has a lot of amends to make too , especially in the middle east . 
  fucked the whole place up for ages . 
  yes i know that but while let 's say that eastern countries will catch up because we 're in the process of doing just that , countries like germany and italy and the like do n't seem to be interested in that . 
  endgame is still the same if they do n't pay . 
  i 'm not , but i thought everybody was gon na bash on me for not being jolly that putin is * at least trying * to have a good relationship with usa . 
  i seriously would have wished that we could do things that will lead to harmony , but putin 's stance has nothing to do with that . 
   for the 6th time today i 'd like to explain in this sub that he merely wants eu countries to start carrying their weight in nato , or put them under some pressure , which is fine with me . 
  we 're trying and we 're making progress , but if countries richer than us make no effort to put in their 2 % , our 2 % become useless to trump 's idea of nato . 
  i did n't want to reply at first , but you get on my nerves . 
  it 's not that people here do n't wish for relations to be good , we all do , it 's just that russia ca n't sweep everything under the carpet and say `` hey , let 's be friends '' because it does n't work like that . 
  he needs to take actions that prove such statements , such as making amends to ukraine . 
  besides this , i think it 's only fair we 're weary of such statements knowing trump 's stance on nato . 
  if he withdraws from nato or refuses assistance to the east in favor of good relations with russia , that is not something to be happy about . 
  you do n't have to worry about that , you 're not from the east and you have n't been constantly threatened by russia , but we are . 
  with time , nato could possibly manage without usa and act promptly . 
  in the immediate future ? 
  not as quickly as they 'd have to . 
  * sweats nervously * i would be glad if i knew that this was for the sake of harmony , but i think i have the right to think otherwise ** edit : ** remember that in order to restore good relations with us/nato , putin has to solve the ukraine situation . 
  he violated the international law and this should not be forgotten . 
  ukraine should not be swept aside and russia forgiven . 
  unless they make amends . 
  to me it 's kinda clear that this has nothing to do with harmony , but i 'll get downvoted here so whatever . 
  the thing is , my country is trying to get to the 2 % and we 're making progress , but countries like germany and italy , who are richer than us , do n't make any moves to get to 2 % . 
  would they be more willing to invest in an eu army rather than nato ? 
  yeah , it 's not for certain , but thing is ... he 's unpredictable . 
  maybe it wo n't happen , which would be good for us , but in times like these , we need assurances . 
  which is why i hope europe will strengthen itself enough that it wo n't need to rely on us very much . 
  it 'll be better for everyone . 
  also , bush literally waged war in the middle east based on lies that he knew were lies . 
  bush and blair are pretty much at fault for the state of the middle east right now . 
  i do n't find that comforting . 
  i do n't have the text , but our president has sent trump a congratulatory message in which he basically said `` ha , it 's cool you 're president , but i hope you remember we 're allies and we 'll try our best to get to that 2 % '' * finger guns * i do n't blame him though . 
  it 's all we can do . 
  edit : [ tweet ] ( https://twitter.com/klausiohannis/status/796275205278568448 ) , shorter than the initial message, 
  i really hope things bring europe even more together . 
  we need to make everything as stable as possible : environment , politics , etc. 
  we need to be united and face these challenges together . 
  i know i sound like a eu representative with this cliche comment , but it 's the truth . 
  that 's true , russia is n't what it was but it 's still dangerous . 
  we would fight anyway , but it would end bloody for all of us if it 'd come to something like this . 
  hopefully trump 's last 2 braincells do n't die . 
  well turkey is russia 's new friend . 
  trump will be russia 's new friend too . 
  circle jerk with global consequences . 
  exactly . 
  if trump decides that a relationship with putin is more important than nato and eastern european safety then ... we 're basically fucked . 
  yes but do n't forget that she voted for the iraq war and could always get up to some shady business . 
  i do n't agree with / u/youthanasian , i 'd vote for hillary if i was american , but he does have a point . 
  damn , you convinced me, 
   we did some cool things during that time , right guys ? 
  right ? 
  er ... debatable :p, 
  sign me up :p, 
  what the fuck ... 
  do n't the spanish and the italians choose that ? 
  i mean i do n't know if there 's any retaliation against the practice . 
  or is there ? 
  yeah but for some people who work physically demanding jobs it might actually help them be more productive with a break that long . 
  i totally see your point and agree , but sometimes , depending on the job , a 1 or 2 hour break can make a difference in health , regardless of it being paid time or not . 
  i cry because i get 30 minutes for lunch .
