  having a stable ukraine in eu and nato would be a big advantage for eu and nato, 
  i can understand that , i 've been very wrong about the brexit, 
  why are you so sure trump will win anyway ? 
  not that i 'm endorsing the other option much , but i do n't see how it 's certain that trump will win, 
  what the fuck, 
  it 's not about forcing , it 's about responsibility . 
  boom, 
  the kind of trip you do n't want to experience again, 
  really ? 
  i was the impression that it 's free ( i think i read so on askeurope or maybe i understood it the wrong way ) . 
  thanks for correcting me . 
  nobody gave us meds !, 
  but they did give us communism, 
  i heard romania still pushed for black sea operations and nato promised to take better care of the black sea region , but i 'm not sure what will happen with bulgaria and if it 'll be just us and turkey . 
  can bulgaria still change their mind and join in ? 
  not really sure like i said before , i get that your pm ( i think it was him ) does n't want to ruin tourism , but i do n't think it 'll really affect it that much . 
  besides , i can think of some other things that might ruin tourism . 
  anyhow , hugs from romania bro, 
  omg i laughed so much . 
  that is pretty much true for romania as well . 
  and the new bucharest mayor just came up with a brilliant idea : make public transportation free of charge . 
  like . . nobody even asked for that and even if they would have , that would make everything much worse . 
  we are n't the netherlands . 
  i only wish i was able to actually sing it in german too . 
  i really like the ending . 
  i mean throughout 1 , 2 people look uneasy , but at the ending you see that most of them loved it and the kids especially are adorable, 
  flashmob in chi\u015fin\u0103u ( republica moldova ) in 2014, 
  we 're quite similar to greece i 'm afraid , especially on the bus schedule and entering or exiting the bus . 
  i get so mad, 
   fancy romans on their fancy horses speaking fancy latin lol :') do n't worry germany , we just call you `` germania '' and your people `` germani '' or informal `` nem\u0163i '', 
  i do n't know what to think about it honestly i mean , you have people saying `` history repeats itself '' , but as soon as you mention the theory that russia * could * aim towards that if it were n't for nato , they call you insane to be honest , both the u.s. and russia have done fucked up things ( f.e. 
  crimea and the iraq invasion ) , but when you 're in the middle of the two and can not stay neutral , you kind of have to pick the lesser evil of the two at the moment . 
  i do n't hate the russian people or the american people , but both had leaders who made bad choices that affected a lot of people . 
  i think it 's a really hard situation for most of us . 
  we 're stuck in the middle , we have to protect our borders with the help of others because our `` enemy '' is x times bigger and stronger than us , but even with that help , we could get nuked to hell and back ( and we 've already been warned ) thing is , in the event of war , no civilian wins . 
  the only ones who really win are the ones funding war and those who own the weapon industry . 
  i think it 's also weird that you do n't want to participate with us in the black sea nato actions . 
  i mean i heard your pm ( i think it was the pm ) who said he does n't want to fuck up the tourist business with such things , but i honestly do n't think it would be a problem . 
  that may be the context now , but it was n't in the past and we know how that turned out anyway yes , it 's fucked up , but you do n't know russia like we do so of course we want to be able to protect ourselves . 
  we , geographically , do n't have a choice . 
   gr : feta that 's where it 's at . 
  lol, 
  i 'm glad they are and i 'm sure they will help us . 
  what i meant is that the lives of people in the west were always much more important than the lives of the people in east , but with nato that has changed because those countries now have a commitment to the east too . 
  ayy thanks bulgaria , you 're right , you 're my favorite also < 3, 
  / u/slacker25 is right . 
  i feel like we 're on good terms with serbia , but we really stay out of each other 's way and do n't know much about each other . 
  i hear on tv about us and bulgaria , us and hungary , us and moldova , but not much about us and serbia . 
  but i guess i 'd eventually pick bulgaria . 
  we 're bros even if they refused to play with us in the black sea . 
  hungary always has a bone to pick with us . 
  i 'm sure ukraine is nice , but we do n't have much of a relationship because of the geopolitical context . 
  we 're used to the west and u.s. not giving a fuck about our lives . 
  we also know that it is n't just out of goodness that they want to help keep our countries stable . 
  :( you did n't want to play with us in the black sea . 
  * sad splash splash *, 
  which is why we need to stay the fuck away from the euro until we 're economically ready, 
   how many romanians see themselves as slaves to the americans ? 
  is this a legit question ? 
  none ... unless you count the anti west / anti us romanians who 'd say something along the lines of `` being russia 's slave is not good , but being america 's slave is better ? '', 
  or something like that . 
  there are also people who do n't want anymore military presence in romania in fear that this will provoke russia to do something rush . 
  there are also some who wish we 'd be neutral in this whole thing , but besides being in nato making that impossible , it is also geographically impossible . 
   but in order for the deal to go ahead moscow is insisting that greece must first persuade its nato partners in europe to lift the economic sanctions imposed after russia 's illegal annexation of crimea in 2014 . i doubt that 's gon na happen . 
  i do n't see them because i 'm from the capital and if i 'd see them , they 'd probably be tourists , but in deveselu , there have been russians making news reports for russian state media about deveselu being a shithole and how romanians are slaves to the americans, 
  very nice of them . 
  ~ ~ i can see the eugenia and timisoreana there . 
  lol ~ ~, 
   people are sick of brexit stories and the title irks them probably . 
  i 'm interested in the general subject but even i am kind of fed up with so many brexit articles . 
  ai n't nobody got time for that  unless you read it you wo n't know the eea option just got killed . 
  well , i guess the politicians still think eu will give them the single market, 
  fuck off telegraph i do n't have any money . 
  now tell me why is greece doing that, 
  well i do n't know about that , but the ones at deveselu are playing football and american football with the kids in the school nearby and generally getting along with the locals . 
  russians pass by every now and then . 
  `` stay here and be constantly yelled at to go back home '' the british dream, 
  it 's a commitment to nato . 
  sure , it 's harsh on soldiers and their families , but not just on u.s. soldiers . 
  9/10 but i mostly just guessed not really `` recognized '', 
  i 've seen people around here with the same `` stop exaggerating '' attitude, 
  how often does that happen in european countries where burka is allowed ? 
  maybe it happens , but it 's definitely not a `` trend '' . 
  they might as well go full retard and put a stocking over their head . 
  fair enough lol, 
  honestly , maybe they do n't necessarily need it . 
  hijab could be enough . 
  i admit idk much about it . 
  maybe burkas mean for them `` more religious '' than others . 
  that guy is good af, 
  i 'm salty for you too, 
  i think it should be us/romania , etc. , but now , with canada , it 's mainly being done in the context of the trade deals , so it 's a eu/canada situation . 
  canada 's officials have probably measured the situation and are slowly deciding that lifting the visas for romanians , so we can have the same rights as other eu citizens , is better than romania vetoing the eu/canada trade deal . 
  of course , romania still has time to negotiate with the us about the visas until ttip comes on the table and i think that in the light of recent strategic relations between ro/us , it 's a lot easier to get a positive response from the us regarding the lifting of visas . 
  now ... it also depends on who 's going to be the next us president and what policies s/he brings to the table . 
  yes, 
  kind reminded me a bit of that dubai hotel, 
  i 'm all for judging tony blair and bush for starting a war based on no evidence and fucking things up in the middle east that led to many of the things that are happening today but there is no need to judge all the citizens of the country based on that . 
  sure , some may have that superiority complex going on , but a lot of them are very disappointed about brexit . 
  so much so that some are considering leaving the country .
