  i 'm team #tea . 
  ~ ~ betraying my country ~ ~, 
  i 'm not in favor of either of them , but i 'm not so sure trump will win . 
  let 's see what we 've got for romania : literally no idea sorry , war , albania , transylvania the place borat is from , romania ( finally !, 
  ) , i 'm a idiot , serbia ? 
  ? , romania , sorry for the ignorance ... , ? , sorry , hungary ? 
  how dare you ? 
  but apparently we 're bulgaria now . 
  sorry bulgaria . 
  our clay now . 
  ) , czech republic , hungary , romania , estonia ( this is a first ) , romania ( previously macedonia it seems ) , romania ? , norway ( nice !, 
  ) , idk , serbia , cold ! , something with `` z '' ( zombie land ) , former communists , romania , mom romania ? , fake ( along with most of central europe it seems ) ,  . 
  the only possible conclusion is that we 've been serbia all along . 
  edit : honorary mention for the moldavian dracula . 
  if not being allowed to mock a genocide is the biggest threat to my freedom of speech , then no , i 'm not really concerned . 
  you can still do it though , you 'll just have to suffer the consequences . 
  at least here . 
  i do n't know where you 're from or what are the laws there , but if you do n't have laws like this , you still have a right to be offensive for the sake of a kind of humor i personally do n't get . 
  most countries which have , for example , laws against denying the holocaust have played really big roles in the making of that event and they 're not as quick to be offended they ca n't be offensive about it . 
  yeah , i feel the same . 
  and i 'm not denying that among the refugees are people who behave badly . 
  thing is , the media has interests of their own and they show you the situation according to their interests . 
  if they support the refugees , they 'll mostly show you the bad sides of the way authorities handle it . 
  if they do n't , they 'll mostly show you refugees behaving badly . 
  people are frightened . 
  they are scared for their economy and their safety . 
  europe is not managing this situation well either . 
  while i do n't think that refugees should be denied refuge , i think they should have had a proper screening . 
  it 's obvious that terrorists profit from the refugee crisis ( especially a badly handled one ) , but with a proper screening , things would be different . 
  and it would have been an advantage for the refugees too . 
  holy shit . 
  it 's not just being offended , which is a acceptable reaction , but it diminishes hitler and the nazis ' actions , it makes fun of a genocide and makes it look * cool * to young , impressionable minds . 
  i do n't know what the laws are in the uk ( and if there are laws against that , they should be respected even if you do n't agree witth them ) , but here , you can get jail time for endorsing the nazis . 
  now i understand that compared to actual neo nazis , this is n't as bad , and he could have received a warning or a fine , but there 's already a culture surrounding the idea of diminishing the importance of this historical event and not everybody 's going to take that joke lightly . 
  and if you 're not laughing at their * jokes * , you 're the problem . 
  * sigh *, 
  well , i 'm not that educated on the matter , but if i had to choose , i 'd choose bernie . 
  ~ ~ i should have grabbed the opportunity ~ ~ ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  hungary . 
   well , your country was on the hitler 's side . 
  your industry was producing for nazis . 
  i 'm never going to deny the big ugly role that romania played alongside the nazis . 
  i never did . 
  i never will . 
   sorry pal , your nation directly participated in genocide of 25 millions of ussr citizens . 
  the number of civillian deaths due to military actions in wwii urss is 7,420,000 and not 25 million . 
  and romania alone is n't responsible for this number . 
  soldier on soldier does n't count . 
  8,600,000 died due to famine and similar things and let 's not forget that some of these deaths are because of stalin himself . 
  do you really think that if she did that with the government 's support , others did n't ? 
  listen , this is not a personal attack on your country , there 's plenty of corruption in my country too , but do n't get defensive and call it critical thinking . 
  that 's what i heard from some old romanian people who lived through wwii too . 
  german soldiers : were educated , not that inclined to physical abuse , some would give goods to children , etc. 
  russian soldiers : people thought they were liberators but they destroyed property and raped lots of women . 
  in no way am i endorsing the nazis or what they did , and i 'm not denying romania 's big ugly role in the nazi era , but i 'm just saying that besides what i heard from people here , there are people even on reddit who say they know personal cases like this . 
  of course , a big factor as to why the german soldiers acted nice towards the non jewish and non roma romanian population was that we were allies and antonescu was pretty close with hitler . 
  now you 're just being difficult . 
  i gave you video proof of a russian top athlete admitting to taking steroids with government knowledge and support . 
  nobody 's holding a gun to her head and she does n't look like she was just beaten and told to lie . 
  i doubt she was bribed . 
  i do n't know if this counts as confirmation as i was not paying attention to the tv , but did n't some russian girl who was at sochi confirmed she used steroids which was allowed with the government 's knowledge ? 
  there was a russian girl giving an interview and i remember her saying something like that . 
  edit : [ found it ] ( http://www.cbsnews.com/news/60-minutes-russian-doping-at-sochi-winter-olympics-exposed/ ), 
  true , fascism needed to be defeated , but soviet union 's liberation brought almost 50 years of communism to my country . 
  and then , for a few years , communism under the name of democracy . 
  there 's a joke about the first president of post communism romania . 
  `` romania wants to impose sanctions on russia too . 
  they 'll cut off iliescu 's pension . '', 
  [ happy europe day !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=md1afq6r5mu ), 
  i already mentioned western europe has a visa program . 
  `` iron curtain '' . 
  nice !, 
  i 'm genuinely curious about those numbers . 
  give me a link with numbers from us . 
  yeah , because we 're all coming to steal your jobs and fuck your economy . 
  wo n't be long until the people you also fear ( besides us ) who are now in western europe will be able to travel visa free in us . 
  but keep fighting the good fight !, 
  yeah , i know and i understand your point , but it 's just upsetting . 
  western europe does n't care because they have the visa program , but the rest of us ... and to be honest , i do n't think that many people from my country would go to work illegally in u.s. 
  i 'm not saying there would n't be cases , but not nearly as many as people think . 
   europe is one big country whether you want to admit it or not . 
  just because you draw borders here or there and speak this or that language doesnt make a difference . 
  it does n't get more stupid than that . 
   middle aged employed people from france are simply different from young underemployed people from bucharest or targoviste or whatever . 
  well , i 'm not underemployed so i 'm not as scary , but ... boo !, 
  worthy of a personalized hero name . 
  while this is a generalization , and we 're all fully aware that it 's not something * everyone * does , i do agree that there 's a bit of a stigma against us , easterners . 
  thanks for acknowledging our progress though . 
  we 're still behind in some stuff and we 're still fighting corruption and other impediments , but we 're trying . 
  you want more american tourists ? 
  no problem . 
  they 'll still come . 
  they 'll just have to get a visa , like every european visiting the u.s. 
  same for business people . 
  why should it be easier for americans and harder for europeans ? 
  honestly , i wish we did n't . 
  if moving within the two is n't an equal process , why should we let them come here without a headache ? 
  we have paul too !, 
  guys , guys , it 's a troll .
