  let 's see you convincing the majority of americans to be under british rule once again . 
  this is absolutely ludicrous . 
  i can see how the anglosphere would work together after brexit , but back to the british empire ? 
  do n't make me laugh . 
  also ... let 's look at it again . 
  would the us risk losing business with uk , a country that is n't only less relevant economically in comparison with the eu , but has internal problems such as scotland wishing to leave and join the eu , or the eu , a superior economy and military power ? 
  from what everyone is saying , i think so too , especially since his declarations are so over the top . 
  of course , serbs should n't be attacked on behalf of that train , but war should n't be started if serbs would be attacked either . 
  i guess it 's a highly complicated and sensitive issue with kosovo . 
  romania does n't recognize kosovo 's independence and i just searched up a map of who does recognize kosovo . 
  most of europe it seems . 
  i was quite surprised to be honest , but i did mention that i do n't know much about the whole situation . 
  apparently ...  in april 2012 , diaconescu said `` as far as we are concerned , we clearly stated our approach , which has not changed : romania will not recognize this province because it does not meet all requirements of the international laws to function as a state . 
  but , certainly , the situation must be analyzed especially through the perspective of the relation belgrade will establish with this province '' and  in april 2013 , following a resolution by the european parliament which urged all eu members states which had not recognized kosovo to do so , romania 's prime minister victor ponta stated that his country must follow the eu 's lead . 
  in may 2015 , prime minister victor ponta stated that `` in 2008 romania decided not to recognize kosovo . 
  however , things have changed since then . 
  governments have changed and some new decision on the recognition of kosovo could be made ... because many things have changed in kosovo since 2008 . '', 
  i think it 's partially because of our relationship with serbia ( we never stepped on each other 's tails ) and partially because of transylvania and the fear that the same thing could happen to us . 
  i see spain does n't recognize it either and they have the issues with catalonia . 
  i mean , yeah , they wo n't be in it , that 's for sure , but are they prepared to not be in it ? 
  yeah , okay , attacking innocent people is obviously not good , but is declaring war really the answer ? 
  i barely know anything about the kosovo situation , but ca n't it be solved in a more civilized way than * war * ? 
  thanks for clarification . 
  this is insane ... 
   this is my final appeal and warning to albanians on kosovo and churchland , do not attempt to attack serb people in kosovo and churchland , for serbia will not allow such a thing ! '', 
   vucic has already aranged meetings with russian and chinese ambassadors , and has called the high representative of european union for external politics and safety to familiarize them with the event . 
  he also announced his intention to contact vice-president biden and familiarize him with prishtina `` war games '' so if that happens , he 's declaring war ? 
  what the hell, 
  it is * ours * . 
  it 's as if i took most of your money and said , `` if you 'll act nicer , maybe i 'll give it back '' . 
  that is our treasury . 
  we took poland 's treasury in for safekeeping and although we fought with germany for most of the war , in 1947 we gave them their treasury back . 
  you did not . 
   all the governments of romania since world war i , regardless of their political colour , have tried unsuccessfully to negotiate a return of the gold and of the culturally valuable objects , but all soviet and russian governments have refused . 
  *** 93,4 *** tones of gold ffs, 
  no one commands what we should do or how we should live . 
  that 's your personal assumption . 
  the majority of romanians support our involvement with eu and nato . 
  we want this . 
  no one is forcing us . 
  even our bad parties prefer eu and nato ( with one exception who could n't even enter the parliament ) , or keep this public image , because siding with russia is political suicide here . 
  because we 're not germany , we 're not rich , but by being part of the european union and nato , as both have rules for joining , our country managed to decrease the level of corruption and our economy grew . 
  and we do give back , in other ways . 
  speaking of resources ... when is russia planning to give back our national treasury sent over in wwi for `` safekeeping '' ? 
  or maybe spain 's treasury during their civil war ? 
  tons and tons of gold . 
  i do n't even know why i keep arguing with you at this point , but just because there 's an alliance that frowns upon russia 's expansionist policy does not mean we 're hostile . 
  we 're just here to tell you that you can not do as you please with other smaller countries . 
  when i say * you * , i partially refer to the russian state and partially to the russian people . 
  while i know he/she ca n't do much to change russia 's policy even if she/he wanted to , i do n't have that much sympathy for the majority of russians who * do * support putin and his friends . 
  there will not be a war if russia stops invading other countries . 
  also , russia was never even threatened by nato , but do you have the slightest idea how many times romania was told by russian officials that we will be attacked ? 
  that we 're a target for nuclear bombs ? 
   king of potaoe i knew them latvians were sneaky . 
  run russia !, 
  jfc i can not believe people like you are n't trolls . 
  although both of these were shitty moves , that was after 9/11 when the us invoked nato 's article 5 . 
  but we 're talking about russia right now . 
  try to focus . 
   in order to counter the anticipated soviet takeover of western europe , the near east and parts of eastern asia expected to start around 1957  although the scenario did make use of nuclear weapons , they were not expected to play a decisive role . 
  i love it how you 'd rather believe that everyone else is clueless than agree that your country is acting absolutely disgraceful . 
  listen ... 
  i know it 's hard realizing that the only things that make your country significant right now are nukes and the gas some european countries are dependent on . 
  take that and russia is just a huge territory with a maniac for a president . 
  it no longer contributes with anything of substance to the world that could make us overlook your shenanigans . 
  i know it 's hard letting go of the past , but you must . 
  disputes are one thing , invading a country is another . 
   everything started when us prepared a plan of total annihilation of ussr with nuclear weapons . 
  it 's declassified now , they were really planning to kill most of us . 
  since then , any of their friends are under a constant treat of being eliminated too . 
  i 'm concerned for your mental health . 
  i 'm not even kidding . 
   if we forget nukes , a war between russia and nato would end up in nato 's favor ( after many many years and insane losses on both sides ) . 
  even with nukes , it 'd still be in nato 's favor , but it would be catastrophic . 
  oh , sorry no one can understand why you do n't care for borders or human lives . 
  who respects russia ? 
  those who are like russia ? 
  that wo n't help them when they 'll have moldova 's gdp if europe stops using their gas . 
  we 're lucky cause we do n't really need their gas , but others should find a way to stop pumping money in russia 's economy so russia can pump that money in their aggressive expansionist foreign policy . 
  no money , no way to care about that nuclear arsenal either . 
  well , for example , there was the the abortion ban which failed , but affected your image . 
  then the whole deal with censoring the press and the opposition ... it did n't look good . 
  now apparently there 's problems with your judicial independence . 
  those are all things that i can understand as a romanian , because my country has its own problems , but like i said , i 'd rather like it if poland could fix the problems rather than face sanctions . 
  just because the large majority agree with the government does n't mean that the government is compatible with eu principles . 
  i do n't want poland to leave or face sanctions , but the truth is that your government is going a bit crazy . 
  trump officials can kiss our asses . 
  both hungary and poland are on moving sand unfortunately . 
  that does not prove anything . 
  so are you trying to tell me russia and belarus are better than romania ? 
  lol, 
  that 's worrying . 
  even more so when you say people agree with him . 
  i sure hope so . 
  we have russian propaganda on one side and eurosceptic propaganda on the other , and they may not always be independent of each other , but if we can see through that and work on the eu to become better and better , more united and strong , we can make it through . 
  on one hand , you might be right . 
  it is absolutely mind blowing that the russian people can not realize this man is actively hurting their way of life and instead of overthrowing him , the support for him is very high . 
  i know the propaganda makes it look as if putin and russia are victims of unfairness ( remember how the state media was making it look like there 'll be another famine , soviet style ) , but come on , there must be people with more than two neurons in that country to realize that it 's all a ploy . 
  what sanctions do is support russia 's economical failure . 
  eventually , if things do n't change , they 'll be forced to do something about it .
