  i 've noticed that many people talk about it as if it was a business . 
  sure , it 's a business , you ca n't do shit without money , but it 's not only a business , but a plan , a sphere of influence that the west and us benefits off of , as well as romania , for not having to put up with foreign aggression . 
  so bottom line is that we 'll reach that 2 % soon and the judgement of `` you do n't care enough about your country to up your defence '' is very simplistic and not true . 
  you 're implying russia 's only ambitions are ee, 
  we do n't have spain 's or belgium 's economy . 
  we do invest , but slower , more gradual . 
  it is not easy . 
  stop being an ass about it and understand . 
  belgium and spain are not close to russia , a country who annexed a part of our neighbour , ukraine . 
  belgium and spain , as long as eastern europe is pro nato and eu , does not have to worry about russia . 
  ee does . 
  edit : belgium and spain are also richer than us . 
  look at the many countries who spend less than romania yet i was just told i was * freeloading off of nato * ( whatever that means ) minutes ago . 
  we will get there , to 2 % , but it feels like we ( eastern countries ) are the only ones reminded of the 2 % !!! 1 !!!, 
  freeloading off of nato ? 
  what are you even on about ? 
  maybe they do n't need a massive army , but they do have to pay the 2 % too , just like eastern europe . 
  and i 'd say you should think twice about not needing a good defense if you 're so willing to let russia expand, 
   why should we do that for countries that do n't put in their share ? 
  there 's no reason for me to explain further if you did n't understand my other two comments . 
  in the end , us and uk and whoever else will do whatever they want . 
  if you think it 's smart to act like that , you do you . 
  you did forget that romania joined the axis because of a coup in our country the moment that antonescu declared war without the king 's knowledge . 
  and one of the reasons it fought with the axis was protection from the soviet union and to gain lost territory . 
  like finland did . 
  we also got punished for it more than enough , even more than other other axis countries so i think we paid our price . 
  that does not mean it has a political position, 
  alright then . 
  thanks !, 
  yeah . . idk . 
  i did n't expect that many upvotes either . 
  i mean , it certainly does n't come from just romanians . 
  and there are some romanians on this sub and on romania who do n't agree that this is that big of a concern who knows anyway ... really hope bulgaria will be okay in the end . 
  we would n't . 
  no , i 'm just sick of hearing this . 
  these kind of statements have no principles behind them , nothing . 
  nobody is seeing that we are trying , nobody is even remotely interested on why it 's not that easy for us to do it overnight . 
  and for what ? 
  for american politicians to say that `` we would n't risk nuclear war over estonia if estonia was invaded '' , a country which pays its 2 % . 
  this should n't be just business . 
  there are higher stakes here . 
  if we burn , i hope you burn with us . 
  this is bigger than money and it 's not like we 're not trying to invest more . 
  what excuse do western states have ? 
  our cabinet does not have a political position . 
  they are apolitical . 
  it 's pretty ugly to find yourself in the middle of countries who want to pursue friendship with russia regardless of what russia has done . 
  i think it 's a fair reason to be worried . 
  it 's surprising what happened in bulgaria and it worries us . 
  well , the map comes from romanian source , [ hotnews.ro ] ( http://www.hotnews.ro/stiri-esential-21413806-harta-romania-prinsa-tot-mai-strans-clestele-rusiei-moldova-bulgaria-ales-presedinti-pro-kremlin-care-alatura-liderilor-din-ungaria-serbia-cehia-slovacia.htm ) ( i was too lazy to translate all of that ) , and it 's a map presenting neighbour countries with russian friendly leaders . 
  not much context to give more than that . 
  it aims to show that romania is in a vulnerable position because we 're more against russia and pro eu than these countries . 
   but the problem is different technocrats differ on `` what needs to be done '' , so their ideas have to be studied and debated , which is the very definition of politics . 
  that 's true and i agree with that . 
  so far , being in power for just one year , the technocrats have managed to expose corruption within different institutions of the state and tried , to their best , to fix them . 
  they 're also for full transparency and digitalization , which is very helpful . 
  bureaucracy is also tackled , which is not a small issue in romania . 
  an important aspect is that every time a minister proved to be incompetent in his job , he immediately resigned with responsibility , something that does n't really happen that often within political party members . 
  so much so that after the colectiv protests , i was really , really shocked that our ex pm resigned . 
  i would n't have imagined him to let go of his position so easily because we were used with politicians accused of different bad things to deny accusations and fight to remain on their position . 
  i guess in the end the best choice is to have a party with such values and reputation . 
  yeah , absolutely , which is why i know that for us to not defy the democratic laws and values , we have to respect the rules of the election , even if it is n't to our advantage . 
  what i like about technocrats is that instead of throwing shit at one another , like a lot of politicians do , they focus on what needs to be done . 
  in the end , the parties within our country should realize that the more they do for the country 's interest , the more chances they have to win the vote rather than the people having to vote for who makes nicer empty promises . 
  i would never side with the russians , at least not until they 'd prove themselves a decent country and make amends for what they 've done , which wo n't happen . 
  what i was merely pointing out is that we ca n't portray us as the perfect so we wo n't fall into an absolutist way of thinking . 
  yeah , i do n't like these kind of names either . 
  most romanians on reddit adore this new party though . 
  i 'm not that big of a supporter as they are , but they ca n't fuck up worse than psd ( or parties alike ) if they 'd ever take the power . 
  besides , they support our current pm to remain a apolitical pm , which i like because our pm would do much more good if he would n't have to be involved in the politics , like the liberals want him to be . 
  however , i would n't judge our pm if he entered politics . 
  the goal is to get shit done in this country and he knows how . 
  politics , for him , would be a means to an end . 
  i understand that . 
  it 's bad . 
  but there 's not much to do about it other than try to have open discussions with psd voters as to why psd is bad . 
  and yes , it 's absolutely disgusting because i would n't have had as big of a problem with it if most of psd voters would vote psd for their ideology and not for gaining , for a single moment , from the corruption . 
  education is key . 
  we need to teach people that they do n't have just a responsibility towards themselves ( but they 're not even reponsible with themselves ) , but also towards their countrymen . 
  it is a grim political scene , but we 're trying our best . 
  it does n't help that pnl is a shitshow . 
  i wish that if dacian were to enter politics , he 'd take pnl , get rid of them nasty party members and make a party that can fight against psd . 
  you ca n't paint us as perfect . 
  us had led a war based on lies too . 
  it just happens that they led a war in place that most europeans or americans do n't care about . 
  bush was a fucking retard who led to the further destruction of the middle east and the creation of isis ( at least indirectly ) . 
  he lied to everyone . 
  the eu governments went against the wishes of the people to aid this criminal . 
  i hope he and tony blair choke . 
  if we elect psd it 'll worse than our current state , but not by that much . 
  psd is at the moment the majority of the parliament so the big setback of them winning the parliament again is not having dacian ciolos as pm , but our president made it clear that he 'll refuse to appoint the head of psd as a pm because he 's corrupt . 
  there are other chances ... no one gets a majority or pnl + usr make a majority . 
  not as big chances as psd winning , but not out of the realm of possibility either . 
  the key is for people to go to the vote , especially young people , who tend to be meh about it . 
  it just represents close neighbours of romania . 
  your point ? 
  we 'll still be more pro eu and nato than you . 
  hungary , many times , by its choices , looks like it wants to be part of eu without the eu values . 
   agenda what agenda ? 
  we ( at least i do ) post news relevant to europe , as in , not local news .
