  it 's always hard to guess . 
  we 've got bad examples ( wwi+ii ) and better examples ( cold war ) . 
  i do n't think it 's impossible for it to happen , i just think that russia would really need to think this whole thing through knowing the risk they face as well . 
  they can not do things on a whim anymore , not with nato , so if they do it , it 'd be a very strategical , planned move . 
  let 's hope they know better . 
   without any major push back by the west with the exception of economic sanctions that only seem to cement putin 's accusations of the vengeful west . 
  economic sanctions , the anti missile shield and nato exercises in the area , but it 's not much , you 're right . 
  you ca n't be too aggressive either , but you need to be firm . 
  trump making the statements he makes is a bad move . 
  like , we get the message , but this kind of talk should n't be public . 
  why ? 
  because this kind of talk shows putin that there are weak spots within nato and he 'll take advantage of that . 
  he 's an opportunist . 
  bottom line , all we can do is hope that russia has some remaining common sense . 
  i 'm sure people would be willing to answer , but head down to / r/askeurope for questions . 
  wanted to x-post it myself but was n't sure if the source wanted that . 
  thanks for doing it !, 
  :d anyhow , it 's a very beautiful place and it has lovely decorations from what i see . 
  lots of people too . 
  i 'd love to visit it . 
  i 've been to sibiu before , but not during winter . 
  even if there was a bigger threat , and there is n't , that should n't stop you from living your life and doing fun things in large crowds . 
  if its meant to happen , it 'll happen anyway . 
  yeah , but it does n't make any sense . 
  this thing is already specified in the civil code , there 's no need for it to be in the constitution too . 
  we 're spending money on a referendum that not only might fail due to low turnout , but changes nothing . 
  at most it makes it a little bit harder if we would ever legalize gay marriage , but there 's a long way until that becomes a possibility . 
  so there 's no threat . 
  just religiously motivated people trying to make a show . 
   funny how you 'll never have to test it . 
  yeah it 's rather hilarious how we find ourselves next to a huge country with an aggressive foreign policy . 
  i ca n't stop laughing . 
  more than that , we moved our countries overnight just to make sure we 'll be in the line of danger so we wo n't ever have to protect you . 
  you are delusional . 
  if the ever east falls , what happens next ? 
  still does n't seem like a legit case to let a fellow member be occupied . 
   yes , i bet you would fight for a western european country if the situation was reversed i bet . 
  we 've sent men when we were required to do so and we will continue to do that if we 're required . 
  western europe was and is not in our position . 
  western europe has not suffered under russia for ages . 
  i know it 's hard to understand or empathize or whatever , but try . 
  people still do n't understand that what russia wants to annex is n't about the russian minority in the region , but the expansion of its sphere of influence in the face of a us/west sphere of influence . 
  they do n't want to face a time where they have to completely fall to their knees in front of nato and/or us . 
  sure , it would be a much bigger risk to annex overnight a country that not only does n't have a significant russian minority that supports russia , but is a member of nato . 
  that does n't mean they do n't want to do it tho . 
  it 's understandable that in case of nuclear war , the consequences for russia would be catastrophic and we 're not debating that . 
  we 're debating whether or not nato would start a nuclear war with russia . 
  a war like this would not only affect russia , but nato countries themselves . 
  it 'd be disastrous for everyone , especially the eastern `` front '' . 
  putin is much bolder than nato is . 
  i 'm not saying it will happen , but there could be a case where he annexes a baltic state overnight and puts it under nuclear protection . 
  that would put nato in the position to question whether or not they 'll challenge russia . 
  and if people in nato countries hear of this , self preservation will kick in and they will most likely be against an action . 
  the comfort of conventional war , happening somewhere on a field , is gone . 
  that , however , would be a slippery slope . 
  because if we were to follow this scenario , russia could as well continue to do this to other nations and that would force nato to act eventually . 
  in this case , it 'd be a bit too late for some eastern regions , as they would already be occupied . 
  of course this remains a fantasy for the moment , but i think we all learned that we should not underestimate russia . 
  just recently they 've threatened us once again , saying how the `` threats to their national security '' have to be annihilated . 
  including the deveselu anti missile shield . 
  i think russia would do best in the information war and green men , but the info war does n't seem to work as well in certain countries . 
  parliamentary election twinsies !!!!, 
  lol . 
  hope it goes good for the both of us . 
  who might win ? 
   they are planning to attack us from close range , this is exactly what putin wants you to think so he can motivate his aggressive foreign policy . 
  stop believing this shit . 
  no one in nato will attack russia if russia does n't attack us . 
  well let 's hope there will be no annexation to be ever talked about . 
  nato is a defensive alliance . 
  meaning ... they can not attack anyone . 
  they can only respond to attacks . 
  the base in our country is a defensive shield . 
  i understand what you 're saying and it 's true that iraq was a clusterfuck because bush was a retard . 
  however , romania is not iraq . 
  currently , romania and the baltic states are the most anti russian countries in eastern europe and romania is very friendly to the us . 
  due to that , i do n't think everyone would be willing to doubt our honesty if we were ever to accuse the us of being on our territory without permission . 
  i mean , we have people within the country that are pro russia and stuff like that , but no political support for russia . 
  so it 'd be hard for someone to make an argument of `` you 're lying about us illegal bases , you 're just becoming a russian puppet state '' . 
  but this is a scenario that i could not see happening anyway . 
  it just seems out of the question for the moment . 
  mate you 're being delusional . 
  i try my best to give russians on this subreddit the benefit of the doubt , but there 's only so much bullshit you can throw around before somebody gets sick of it . 
  eastern european countries that border with russia , and even romania , which does not border with russia , can not remain neutral . 
  look at how much finland struggles with remaining * out of the way * and is still threatened every other day by russia with `` if you dare make a choice we do n't like ... '' . 
  as is sweden . 
  so you have 2 perspectives : 1 . it 's hard for eastern european countries to remain militarily neutral because russia does not want them militarily neutral . 
  russia thinks in terms of `` you 're either with us or against us '' and as we have been proven , if you are n't apart of a military alliance stronger than russia , russia has no respect for borders . 
  it did n't in georgia , it does n't in ukraine . 
  2 . even if you were right , which you are n't , the baltic states made the *** choice *** to be in those alliances and they can leave them when they want to . 
  it is * not * russia 's business what they do or what them leaving entails . 
  there 's no point in arguing that because if it were n't for russia , they would n't be here in the first place . 
  so no russia , no nato forces in romania . 
  but yes , they would leave if we asked them because otherwise they would break the international law ( and you know all about that ) and that would be seen as an act of war . 
  eu is about cooperation , not loss of sovereignty . 
  every member has the right to veto anything they do n't agree with . 
   how about to test it . 
  ask them to leave . 
  nice try , putin :p on a more serious note , why would we ask them to leave if our security depends on them ? 
  and it 's not the nightmare you 're imagining either .
