   romania 's new civil code , which was introduced in 2011 , prohibited the recognition of different types of families that are legally formed abroad . 
   however , the constitution 's article 26 protects the right to a private and family life for all citizens . 
   in 2012 adrian coman launched the lawsuit against the romanian state to have their marriage recognized so that he and his spouse could live together in the country . 
   earlier this year , several ngos , backed by the romanian orthodox church , convinced 3 million people to sign a petition asking for a referendum to change the constitution and define family as made of a man and a woman . 
   some politicians wanted to have the referendum organized at the same time with the parliamentary elections on december 11 . 
  in the end , however , it was decided that the referendum should be organized sometime next year . 
  i thought portugal would have been higher, 
  dude ... i hope you 're trolling . 
  did u drop a / s ? 
  the number of romani people in romania is 621,573 or 3.08 % of the total population . 
  at least do your research correctly . 
  romania 's name has nothing , but absolutely nothing , to do with romani people . 
   the name of romania ( rom\u00e2nia ) comes from the romanian rom\u00e2n , which is a derivative of the latin adjective romanus ( roman ) . 
  our language is one of the most closest to latin , the language used in the roman empire . 
  romania and italy , last true descendants of the romans . 
  portugal is halfassing it, 
  i 'm weary too . 
  juppe seemed better . 
  but between him and le pen ... he 's probably the better choice . 
  you usually say `` hey/hello '' . 
  when someone asks me `` how are you ? '', 
  i have two ways of replying : 1 . i do n't really know the person so i 'll give a short `` i 'm good . 
  how are you ? '', 
  2 . i do know the person and i give them a little more insight than that . 
  but i heard that in us an american does n't even expect you to say `` good , you ? '' . 
  `` how are you ? '', 
  is more of a `` hi '' . 
  which is incredibly weird to me . 
  out of europe ? 
  i always knew they wanted to join the americans ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  that 's so pretty !, 
  dude . . he 's basically saying that if his `` superior '' culture mixes with other cultures it 'll make it bad . 
  he 's doing a pretty bad presentation of that too . 
  i do n't think we need to lump all east europeans in one pot just because a russian decided to upload his propaganda here . 
  wow . 
  pathetic and racist af . 
  i do n't know what op is calling bullshit on , but i 'm a bit surprised we 're not in the greenest section . 
  even if that 'd be true ( which i do n't know ) , does that justify her murder or the celebration of her murder ? 
   right after the fire , there were protests in the streets of bucharest , in the spirit of occupy wall street , with many young people urging nationalization of private firms , the regulation of business and trade , increases in government spending on wages and pensions , and an end to the `` dictatorship '' of big corporations . 
  i 've heard of no such things during the protests , but maybe that 's on me , i do n't know . 
  mainly i 've heard talk of political changes , such as making the political class respect the referendum on the number of parliamentary seats . 
  other romanians can chip in and contradict me of course . 
  anyway , the whole article seems to be a bit fishy . 
  it does n't talk about the way the past governments looked like and what they did , it only tries to undermine the current technocrat governement , or technocrats altogether , and what the author deems as wrong economics . 
  i do n't think we are a `` welfare state '' . 
  okay , * highly respected professionals taking government positions is n't a guarantee of justice or prosperity * , but in this case , it is . 
  it 's not perfect , it 's only been a year , but i think it 's been better than what we had before . 
  and that our pm has the capability to do even better things , if he 'll be given the chance . 
  you can not negotiate your military commitments ( which are bound to nato ) in you brexit negotiation . 
  sure , even with nato , you 're not required to send troops to these countries right now , but that still wo n't give you ground for the negotiations because there 's already several countries that send foreign troops to the eastern front , one of them being the us . 
  it 's not like it all depends on the british troops being there . 
  besides , british interests in ee in relation to russia are important too . 
  i do n't think they 'd bet on it if there 's a chance to lose . 
  ** eu : ** * lol no * on a more serious note , uk would have to make a really good offer to the eu to bend the rules of the single market . 
  even then , it 'd be very hard . 
  but i can understand the `` as the person opening the uk position i am going to ask for more than i believe i can get '' . 
  that 's how negotiations are . 
   if there 's one things continentals never learn about britian , it 's never underestimate us when we seem to be on our knees . 
  napoleon did it , hitler did it , juncker is attempting to do it . 
  dude . 
  take some xanax and chill . 
  yeah . 
  you 'd think politico would have better things to write about . 
  such shitposting, 
  of course he is . 
  that 's true . 
  we shall see what happens . 
  i just fear that putin does n't actually want to stabilize anything . 
  we all know that dialogue is needed because we 're talking about nuclear weapons when we talk about russia , but i do n't want this to weaken our position either . 
  you 're simply refusing to see the point here . 
  i 've seen you do this before , but it is still annoying . 
  uk voted to leave . 
  it 's a fact . 
  the other countries have not yet had a referendum which means they 're willing to stay and make their cases . 
  the uk is not . 
  so maybe answer my question :  brexit was already voted and it is clear that the eu is moving in a direction that the uk does n't like . 
  what 's the point in trying to make them stay ? 
  well , they voted to leave did n't they ? 
  why would we keep them in the eu if they do n't like being in the eu ? 
   seems like that 's what you 're saying . 
  you do n't see me saying the same thing about other countries that disagree with certain eu projects . 
  because they did n't express their will to leave as a final , `` the only solution is to leave '' . 
  the uk , however , did that . 
  so why make them have referendum over referendum just for them to feel miserable inside the eu ? 
  no , that 's not a solution and that 's not what i was saying . 
  i 'm saying that brexit was already voted and it is clear that the eu is moving in a direction that the uk does n't like . 
  what 's the point in trying to make them stay ? 
  i did n't say the uk is the only one that disagrees , but that there are matters where the uk is in the minority with other countries that disagree . 
  the eu defence union , for example . 
  while i agree that you ca n't make people vote until they vote `` the right way '' , we all know that the majority of the voters ( leavers and remainers ) were n't sure what would happen during and after brexit . 
  it is n't like with most referendums and votes when the consequences are clear . 
  that being said , i think uk should leave . 
  considering that they oppose a few important issues on which the majority of eu states agree , we ca n't force them to stay . 
  it would only be an obstacle in certain projects that the eu wants to start . 
  and make turkey pay for it, 
  the other countries are : france , italy , austria , belgium , switzerland , the czech republic , spain , finland , the netherlands , norway , romania , sweden , slovakia , bulgaria and portugal . 
  you know , i was watching a news channel here and they started talking about putin 's `` joke '' . 
  after that , they said something like `` this * joke * gives shivers to eastern europeans considering that not too long ago russia annexed a territory that belonged to ukraine '' also , they showed a video from a show from russia where guests started fighting because a polish journalist said that romania and latvia have bigger salaries than russia and that russia is miserable and * of course ukraine wants a life like that rather than a life like in russia * and everyone got so offended they assaulted the guy . 
  even the host moderator . 
  [ `` that was a joke '' ] ( http://static6.businessinsider.com/image/51bf59b3ecad044e73000010-2745-2057/putin-17.jpg ),
