  it 'll happen eventually . 
  corruption is n't as rampant as it was , we 're making a progress and if you refuse to believe that , that 's on you . 
   they have n't contributed anything , except for exporting cheap immigrants to the west . 
  actually [ we do contribute ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/nol/shared/spl/hi/europe/09/eu_budget_spending/img/graph_total_payments_466x485.gif ) , but we 're poorer . 
  i believe that contribution will only grow . 
  not to mention that those cheap immigrants are doing jobs the locals would n't even want to touch . 
  and they 're not cheap immigrants . 
  like the uk was whining about immigrants lowering wages ... it 's not my fault the employer is allowed to pay an immigrant less than what he would pay a local . 
  if the employer would be fair , there would still be a competition . 
  yes . 
  this is about turkey tho . 
  the only plausible answer : it was dem russians / s i do n't know either though . 
  seems pretty big . 
  and i ca n't seem to find anything on a quick search either ... 
  no problem here . 
  they are not yet out so they still have a right to vote . 
  thank you for correcting me . 
  thank you for correcting me . 
  i sort of knew that , but i presumed that because of what the subject entails , they would n't dare vote against something that would be popular at home . 
  my aplogies . 
  do n't they represent member states ? 
  if i 'm wrong , sorry, 
  did greece respond in any way ? 
  that 's reasonable . 
  i do n't think turkey is ready for the eu . 
  are there any official statements that show the reasons why certain countries voted against it ? 
  i think it 's important to know what makes them take this stance . 
  i was talking about how russians say that people are affected by the sanctions and the countersanctions , one russian told me that they showed on tv how they were throwing away fruit like it was a very dramatic thing , and i 've seen other russian say that it 's hard to find certain foods anymore , but i do n't remember what exactly . 
  my point is , putin can stop the sanctions with his actions . 
  he just does n't want to . 
  he wants his people and his economy to do worse for the sake of invading other countries and being generally aggressive in his foreign policy . 
  even if . . that just proves putin does n't care about his own people , he only cares about being an asshole . 
  if the russian people are so affected , maybe they could ask him nicely not to invade other countries . 
  that 's what happens when you break international law . 
  the nordics in general seem pretty reluctant to initiatives like this one . 
  i , too , would be interested in hearing the reasons . 
  one would think they would n't want to be in the same thing as greece . 
  yes , you 're right in that , of course . 
  tensions are up with these two . 
  but turkey would n't be part in it . 
  at least , i 'd hope so . 
  i think that for finland it 's pretty clear . 
  they 're a country which tries pretty hard to remain as neutral as they can . 
  they 're not in nato and they 're always threatened by russia to not join it , so probably that 's why they 're reluctant to a eu army too . 
  if it were n't for russia , i wonder what their stance would be . 
  i 'm sure other people have other reasons too , not just russia . 
  same thing happened in ww2 , they allied with nazi germany out of fear for the soviet union . 
  thank you . 
  i also wanted to thank you for making this list . 
  i do n't know if it counts , but for romania there 's also this website : [ nine o ' clock ] ( http://www.nineoclock.ro/ ), 
  oh man , that looks so good compared to the gloomy weather i see when i look out the window . 
  i 've never even seen one , but i 'm instantly on your side, 
  * ha * take that , uk . 
  see how you like brexit now, 
  oh come on , he 's an ethnic german with a half german half greek name . 
  i thought at least that would help foreigners remember his name alongside the more famous leaders . 
   romanie\u015fire this is so cringey , but i laughed, 
   `` you do n't have to stay , but if you do n't we 'll do our best to ruin you on the way out '' . 
  is this about uk not getting the single market without freedom of movement ? 
  because we 've already established that this is n't a punishment . 
  those are the rules . 
   many euroskeptics feel they need to tear the eu down on their way out precisely because the eu is proving itself to be hostile to those that do leave . 
  it 's not hostile , but it does have to be firm and stand its ground in order not to weaken itself . 
  if every country got a better deal from the eu by leaving it than staying in it , no country would stay . 
  the eu , like those countries that want to leave , has its own interest . 
  can we really blame them ? 
  and still ... your comment does n't shed light on why the eu has to stop existing because a country wants to leave . 
  true , and i agree with everything you said , but we ca n't force them to stay either . 
  i 've noticed that if you try to propagate any sort of pro eu message , it 's met with skepticism and it creates a repulsive effect . 
  which is why i think that when a country wants to leave , it 's important to see whether or not they want to leave because of a `` nationalistic feeling '' or if they just have problems that they are willing to talk about with the eu . 
  a lot of eurosceptics avoid discussion which makes me wonder about their will to solve said problems . 
  i hope the netherlands stays in the eu , but i have no power over it and i 'd really , really like it if there was no campaign similar to ukip 's , based on propaganda and lies and no real solutions to people 's problems . 
   instead , the risk to the eu comes instead from a new generation of dutch euroskeptics who are less divisive and concerned about immigration but more focused on questions of sovereignty -- and utterly committed to the destruction of the eu . 
  well , no one 's forcing them to stay . 
  `` destruction of the eu '' ... i like how for people who cry about the eu it is n't just a matter of getting their country out , it 's a matter of ruining the party for everyone else involved . 
  lovely rhetoric . 
   what ballistic missiles do the countries bordering russia have in their inventory ? 
  i 'm not aware of any such system . 
  exactly !, 
  thank you for making my point . 
  there is no need to point their missiles at us . 
  it 's aggression because they 've moved it because of us , only we do not have any sort of ballistic missiles targeted at russia , just a defensive shield . 
   also , there are no defensive or offensive weapons , it depends on the context in which they are used . 
  stop trying to make it seem like nato will attack russia , the same you do on other threads . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  okay ... this is what i do n't get . 
  if we have the anti missile system , it 's only fair to let russia put up an anti missile shield too , but why do they also have to put [ the iskander missiles ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/9k720_iskander ) ? 
  we do n't have missiles on the russian border so why do they feel the need to do that ? 
  that 's aggression versus defensive actions . 
  this is how i see it . 
  okay , but people do n't really associate the fight against corruption to her . 
   monica macovei , considered to be the face of the fight against corruption in romania , what, 
  it 's not that they look asian , but the * huns * had asian roots since they came from central asia . 
  they were a nomadic people . 
   true heir of romans everyone can go home . 
  we 've won the map, 
  that 's a lot of ifs considering that we 've achieved quite a bit through protests here . 
  the protesting culture is alive and well in romania . 
  granted , we 're all a bit lazy and not committed enough , but a lot of people try and as long as this happens , others will be encouraged to have the same line of thinking ; `` i need to fight for what i want '' . 
  i understand what you 're saying by finding yourself within a crowd with no clear objectives or principles , but we 've evolved a bit in that manner too .
