  i am not a fan of snow and cold weather at all , but from afar , it looks amazing . 
  [ link ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=liwkllzh4yq )  i can tell you that the us one was n't run by the good people at immigration control , i am willing to bet  and now they have to build a wall . 
  damn those bad tourism slogans, 
   greece you 're right . 
  it 's a good one because everyone knows what they mean by that and that it 's true . 
   denmark another truth according to statistics . 
   finland yeah ... they could have done better considering the many good things this country has . 
   most of them seem really bad to me . 
  the canadian one bothers me because it sounds ironic like `` nothing to see here . 
  keep going . '', 
  the us one sounds ironic too if you think about it from a geographical point of view . 
  poland 's also bad . 
  `` move your imagination '' . 
  what does that even mean ? 
  the italian one reminds me of the many italian clothing stores around here . 
  something that would better fit china . 
  lol ^ ^ / s  i do n't think the one for romania is particularly good either . 
  romanians make the carpathian garden connection immediately , but do most foreigners make that connection ? 
  we are not a very popular tourist destination , this sort of approach does n't work yet , like the one for greece does . 
  yeah but at least it sounds fancy a fair share of them do n't seem to be thought through . 
  * explore the carpathian garden * is nice . 
  norway has another one that 's good , the belgians seem to be going for puns and the netherlands are hipsters . 
  some sound good and some sound weird . 
  hehe . 
  thank you for the reply . 
  you make some really good points . 
  also , the `` edit '' was for the general public . 
  lots of people downvote without giving reasons and i always think that 's not productive . 
  yeah , but is n't bush indirectly at fault for the current state of europe regarding the refugee crisis ? 
  i 'd says so . 
  it was his invasion of the iraq and his reckless actions during that long period of time that led to the creation of terrorist groups , such as isis , which later drove people to flee the middle east . 
  and if there would n't have been no refugee crisis , europe would n't have to deal with populist , far right wing parties . 
   trump , on the other hand , thrives on populism and actively manufactures hysteria . 
  that 's true , but have you noticed how in his latest statements , he seems to bow his head low ? 
  he 's not ( or at least not completely ) repealing obamacare , he 's discouraging violence against protesters and minorities and he seems to be in the kind of situation where he just realized that he ca n't really do everything he or his supporters want . 
  not without really damaging consequences anyway . 
  but also . . he generally contradicts himself a lot so i 'm not 100 % it is n't for a lack of consistency . 
  if he acts like a madman during this 4 year mandate , he will not get another . 
  that 's safe to say . 
  i think trump will be damaging europe too , but i think that bush is a reason we find ourselves with the likes of trump and far right parties in europe . 
  ** edit : ** if you think i 'm wrong , explain in a comment why and i 'm willing to listen . 
  do n't just downvote me . 
  it does n't help making me understand why i 'm wrong . 
  this is ridiculous . 
  i do n't know if they could * lead the free world * , i do n't even know what that means in this context , but making jabs at germany for their past is just idiotic . 
  germany has transitioned into a tolerant , upstanding country that remembers its past and its responsibility . 
  there 's no reason to make statements like that . 
  it just makes the whole thing pathetic . 
   but with outsider donald trump 's election as u.s. president assuming that the us , before donald , was some sort of liberal bliss . 
  maybe obama was n't that bad , but y' all remember bush right ? 
  the netherlands, 
  oh man , that 's too bad . 
  these sculptures mean a lot ... historically and culturally . 
  well , be like turkey ... shoot em down . 
   swedish politicians , including two parliament members , were present at the protest . 
  however , after israel 's ambassador to sweden , isaac bachman , condemned the event , they distanced themselves , claiming they had not understood the meaning of the arabic slogans . 
  also ... how is this legal ? 
  promoting violence should be illegal, 
  they pushed for the eastern expansion too . 
  that 's good to hear . 
  i did now . 
  thanks for the reference . 
  82 % of the romanian voting population holds authoritarian populist views ? 
  this is reaching, 
  to be fair , it does n't look too good . 
  and , at least in the picture , it looks weird together with the commie blocks . 
  that money would have been better off to charities or the likes . 
   or ban threatening foreign propaganda outlets and financing on the grounds of national security . 
  i 'm not sure that would have a good outcome . 
  some citizens , especially those with far right beliefs , would see this as a provocation . 
  how come states like greece do n't have this problem ? 
  at least not that i 've heard of . 
  sure , they 're not pleased with all the refugees and migrants popping up on their shores ( see yesterday 's protests against obama in greece and us ' intervention in the middle east ) , but i have n't heard about violence of right wing groups . 
  germany should focus on real problems . 
  like their dubbing . 
   romania 's revenues from taxes will drop to 25.4 % of the gdp in 2017 , the lowest level in the last 20 years , after the tax cuts adopted in the new fiscal code enter into force starting january 1 , said the fiscal council president ionut dumitru . 
   european countries collect taxes representing , on average , 40 % of their gdps . 
   dumitru explained that all the political parties promise massive tax cuts , especially before elections , and taxpayers are happy to get these cuts so they pay less taxes and fees , reports local agerpres . 
  he added that if romania continues with this approach , `` we 're on the safe way to the state 's dissolution '' , because a state with low revenues ca n't survive . 
   romania will have the lowest tax revenues in the eu next year , except for ireland , dumitru said . 
  dodon is not playing off . 
  he 's a genuine kremlin puppet . 
  he already wants to have early parliament elections . 
  and to join the eurasian community . 
  even if we did have good relations with trump , trump does n't exactly look like the kind of guy who keeps commitments out of principle or the good of the world , but rather on how much money he 's being paid by each interested party . 
  trump is not reliable imo and europe should be able to stand its ground if we want to look like we 're a serious union . 
  juncker insulting him or patronizing him may not be the way to do it , but we definitely do not need to kiss trump 's ass . 
  he needs to respect us as a partner , not see us begging for his aid . 
  mutual respect is the way to go . 
  [ relevant ] ( https://youtu.be/wdqayc1sr7g?t=84 ), 
  dodon is so pathetic it 's not even funny, 
  ay , that sounds bad , but i 'm familiar with such cases , especially before the dna . 
  and there 's still lots to be done . 
   the only success imo has been fighting corruption done by the common man . 
  that 's good . 
  it has to start from there most times and if it does and more people do it , they will be less and less likely to take the state 's shit when it comes to corruption . 
  protests happen here pretty often . 
  this year we 've had so many protests that i ca n't even remember them all . 
  i think that protests have the potential to change something , at least in the immediate future , and especially if they 're big . 
  thing is , with protests , a lot of people call for new change , but many do n't exactly know what they 're looking for and that is favorable to the politicians who will take advantage of the confusion towards the objective .
