  stop with this nonsense . 
  the brits do n't need this ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  then no single market . 
  there 's a guy there who 's romanian that speaks french , yes . 
  languages are similar in some aspects as they 're both romance languages , but you can spot french from a mile away . 
  i 've written my thoughts [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5ejzjr/life_as_a_migrant_in_postbrexit_britan/dad551r/?context=3 ), 
  * sir , please , anything but the internets *, 
  yes , but at the same time uk should know it wo n't get the single market if they do n't accept the conditions of the single market . 
  i can see how if they 'd find themselves in it , they 'd profit from turkey being a big market there , but , for now , both of these things seem quite unlikely . 
   representatives of nato member states ' armies will participate in the national military parade to be organized on romania 's national day , celebrated on december 1 . 
   romania 's government approved on wednesday the ministry of defense 's proposal to invite representatives of armed forces of nato member states and partner countries at national day events . 
   thus , besides representatives of the ministry of defense , ministry of interior , and the romanian intelligence service , several troops from allied and partner countries will also take part in the national parade . 
  the romanian ministry of defense will provide transport , accommodation , and meals to the foreign soldiers , between november 25 and december 2 , according to a statement from the government . 
   `` the participation of these representatives in the national military parade reflects the deepening of cooperation between the romanian army and the armed forces of other countries that have participated over the years in bilateral activities , joint drills , or missions in theaters of operations , '' reads the statement . 
   romania celebrates its national day on december 1 , which represents the great union day . 
  bucharest mayor gabriela firea said earlier this month that the arch of triumph in bucharest would be ready for the traditional national day parade . 
  in the last two years , the parades were organized in constitutiei square , in front of the parliament 's palace , as the arch of triumph was under renovation . 
  who would n't lose their patience with this guy ? 
  he 's an idiot  in a particularly damning statement , german minister manfred weber described johnson as `` unbelievable '' and said that he had lost respect for the foreign secretary over contradictory statements he has made about turkey . 
   johnson argued during the leave campaign that one of the reasons brits should vote for brexit is to avoid being part of a union that would soon include turkey , but in september said he would back turkey 's bid for eu membership . 
   `` he [ johnson ] ... in the brexit campaign , had leaflets showing turkey , syria and iraq as possible members of the eu , making people afraid of the possible new migration waves ... then a few weeks afterwards he is travelling to [ president ] erdogan and offering support for becoming a member of the eu . 
  it is a purely arrogant provocation from johnson when he is telling us what we have to do . 
  i can not respect anymore what he is doing . '', 
  --  last week , italian minister carlo calenda said he felt insulted by johnson after the tory mp suggested italy should push for britain to remain in the european single market otherwise it would be forced to sell less prosecco . 
  look at him , he 's fucking with the eu . 
  not only that , but he 's trying to sabotage it . 
   `` they 're not sending you . 
  they 're not sending you . 
  they 're sending people that have lots of problems , and they 're bringing those problems with us . 
  --  `` they 're bringing drugs . 
  they 're bringing crime . 
  they 're rapists . 
  and some , i assume , are good people . '', 
  --  `` i do business with the mexican people , but you have people coming through the border that are from all over . 
  and they 're bad . 
  they 're really bad . '', 
  --  during the first republican primary debate of the presidential race , the billionaire property tycoon was asked what evidence he had of the mexican government sending criminals across the border . 
   mr trump replied : `` our leaders are stupid , our politicians are stupid , and the mexican government is much smarter , much sharper , much more cunning , and they send the bad ones over because they do n't want to pay for them , they do n't want to take care of them . 
  --  data on immigrants and crime are incomplete , but a range of studies show there is no evidence immigrants commit more crimes than native-born americans . 
  in fact , first-generation immigrants are predisposed to lower crime rates than native-born americans . 
  ( the center for immigration studies , which advocates for restrictive immigration laws , has a detailed report showing the shortfalls of immigrant crime data . ), 
  [ x ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2015/07/08/donald-trumps-false-comments-connecting-mexican-immigrants-and-crime/ ), 
   `` women and girl migrants , especially those without legal status traveling in remote areas or on trains , are at heightened risk of sexual violence at the hands of criminal gangs , people traffickers , other migrants or corrupt officials , '' the 2010 amnesty international report stated . 
  no one 's discussing if criminal gangs that do this kind of shit exist , because they do , even in us , but : 1 . that does n't make all mexicans rapists or criminals 2 . these are gangs that do these kinds of things inside mexic 's borders . 
  the problem could be solved by the police . 
  what would also help is us ' having an easier process of entering the country legally . 
  3 . that does n't make those immigrants criminals and/or rapists . 
  actually , a lot of immigrants refrain from causing any trouble in fear they 'll be deported . 
  4 . not making a safer , easier way for immigrants to come , immigrants are easy targets for slave labor , which is partly the fault of american employers . 
  bottom line , immigration will happen any way . 
  you can not stop it . 
  you can only make it safer and even benefit from it within the legal frame . 
  edit : let 's not forget other quotes like `` grab her by the pussy '' . 
  he 's the one to talk . 
  no , he 's not . 
  he says that there 's a * mind-boggling link * between illegal immigrants and a spike in rape and crime statistics . 
   the businessman and would-be president , who launched his presidential campaign with an attack on mexican immigrants as drug dealers , criminals and rapists , has claimed that there is `` mind-boggling '' link between rape and illegal immigration . 
   `` if you look at the statistics of people coming , you look at the statistics on rape , on crime , on everything coming in illegally into this country it 's mind-boggling ! '' he said in an interview with cnn on wednesday night . 
  keep downvoting me if it makes you think you 're right . 
   i have never heard trump say anything racist he said illegal immigrants are rapists and murderers . 
  it 's not even that this is racist , it 's that it 's a lie altogether, 
   also i do n't really follow your logic . . if these dodgy employers followed the law and paid minimum wage you think there 'd be less migrants ? 
  why so ? 
  because most of these economic migrants do n't have their documents in order . 
  legal documents required to be employed ( proof of housing , a bank account , national insurance number , etc. ), 
  = less people who could be employed like this , on the black market , with no contract , no benefits , etc. 
  they 'd know they could n't get work otherwise so they would n't even try it if they would n't want to go through all that process . 
  this needs to be enforced by the local authorities with more checks on employers . 
  well , if he 's racist , what should you call him ? 
  should you listen to him being racist and be like `` that 's completely okay . '' ? 
  i do n't understand this revolution against calling people what they are . 
  it 's definitely an interesting video . 
  and it 's true . 
  a lot of economic migrants that go to the west do n't have any plans so they end up doing slave work for so little money . 
  when you 're that unprepared , you make yourself an easy target for those who want to benefit from your labor . 
  obviously , i find this practice stupid . 
  i 'd be terrified at the prospect of leaving my country with no actual plans and working in another country when i do n't even know the language that well . 
  and i 'm not rich myself . 
  i 'd either try my best to find something good in romania or if i do leave , i 'd leave with a really , really clear plan in mind . 
  i do believe that a lot of these people are hard working people and i am saddened by the fact that they 'd put themselves through so much trouble . 
  i also know that british people , seeing this , would think , `` it 's because of them that i ca n't get that job '' , but truth is ... a part of the fault lies with employers willing to commit such illegalities and to pay them much less then a local would be paid . 
  if such things did n't exist , there would be less economic migrants and more competition . 
  yes , you need housing to work , but here we face another problem shown in the video . 
  housing means being cramped up in an apartment which is illegal . 
  if there would be a bigger crack down on such cases , this would also be a factor that reduces economic immigration . 
  basically , the more the british authorities crack down on such cases , where both employers and immigrants do illegal things , there would be less immigration of this kind . 
  i 'd also like to say that i do believe in one of the main themes of the videos . 
  most of these people do n't claim benefits . 
  most of them could n't claim benefits even if they wanted to because they do n't have the legal frame to do so . 
  i disagree . 
  like the other romanians who 've written here , i , too , believe 82 % is too high a number to fit the reality . 
  we do have people with populist views , but they do n't make up 82 % of the population , no matter how you put it . 
   turkey is still way better than you guys nope , they are not . 
  but you can keep making these claims with no evidence to back them up . 
  i know y' all like to bash romania at any given chance , but some lines should be drawn . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  it 's pathetic to even attempt to compare us . 
  - we do not imprison journalists and other members of soecity because they 're opposed to our leaders - we 've * never even thought * about a law forcing a rape victim to marry their aggressor - we 've * never even thought * about having the death penalty - we do n't have an authoritarian leader and above all , whatever problems we * do * have , we 're trying to fix . 
  like i said ... even thinking that we 're anywhere near turkey on eu values is absolutely ridiculous . 
  prostitution can easily be regulated with the right laws .
