  and i do n't think they can get political asylum . 
  i 'm not sure . 
   july 18 , 1976 , was the most important day in the life of romanian nadia comaneci , and one of the most important days in the history of world gymnastics . 
  on that day , former romanian gymnast nadia comaneci became the first athlete to score a perfect 10 at the olympic games . 
   the incredible success was registered at the 1976 summer olympics in montreal . 
  this year , comaneci celebrates 40 years since the moment she became one of the most famous gymnasts in the world . 
   `` every time there is a zero in the anniversary , it 's kind of bigger . 
  there was 10 , then 20 , then 30 , and now 40 , it seems like a lot of numbers . 
  it 's like half of your life is gone , '' comaneci told reuters in a telephone interview . 
   `` but to realize that it 's 40 years since it happened , it 's like ` oh my gosh , really ? '  this week , nadia comaneci is to go to montreal to show her 10-year-old son dylan the olympic stadium where his mom 's name is engraved . 
  she will then head to rio for the olympics . 
   nadia comaneci was born in onesti , romania , on november 12 , 1961 . 
  at the age of 6 , she was spotted doing cartwheels by the well-known romanian gymnastic coach , bela karolyi . 
  he and his wife marta were looking for young children to train for the romanian national junior team . 
  eight years later , nadia became the star of the 1976 summer olympics in montreal , canada , when she earned the first score of 10 . 
   cnn has made a list of ten `` politicians called out for copying '' , after melania trump , us presidential candidate donald trump 's wife , was accused of plagiarizing part of her speech during her husband 's official candidacy launch on monday night . 
  romania 's former prime minister victor ponta is on that list . 
   cnn 's list also includes us vice president joe biden , russian president vladimir putin , senior white house official timothy goeglein , german defense secretary karl theodor zu guttenberg , and hungarian president pal schmitt . 
   `` romania 's government became the object of international criticism after ponta was accused of plagiarizing his doctoral thesis . 
  ponta dismissed the accusation as a political attack from ( former ) president traian basescu , '' writes cnn . 
   the scandal around ponta 's doctoral thesis started in 2012 . 
  some two and a half years later , in december 2014 , victor ponta announced that he would give up his ph.d. in law , which he got from the university of bucharest . 
   in late june this year , the local commission that evaluates academic titles said that romania 's education ministry should withdraw former prime minister victor ponta 's doctor of law degree due to plagiarism . 
  however , in mid-july , ponta challenged the commission 's decision . 
   the other four people included on cnn 's list are us senator rand paul , german education minister annette schavan , us senator john walsh , and republican presidential candidate ben carson . 
  american president barack obama is also on the list , as a bonus . 
  our former pm is an asshole and i 'd wish he 'd shut up and be ashamed, 
  do n't panic just yet . 
  make sure your careful about what and where you post . 
  it 's a fucked up thing to say to a person in the 21st century , but those are nasty times apparently . 
  however , if you do consider changing countries temporarily or permanently , the sooner you leave the better . 
  did he like dogs ? 
   or saying goodbye to guests at the front door , and then speaking with them for another 30 minutes . 
  that happens in my family too . 
  honestly , fuck erdogan . 
  not just for this , but generally . 
  we have monuments like [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/heroes%27_cross_on_caraiman_peak ) in the name of the fallen soldiers and there are some events like [ this ] ( http://www.agerpres.ro/social/2015/08/06/6-august-zi-de-comemorare-a-eroismului-ostasilor-romani-cazuti-in-primul-razboi-mondial-la-marasesti-11-10-33 ), 
  this is goddamn awful . 
  hopefully no one dies, 
  what 's wrong with indians , romanians and spanish people ? 
  very pretty , brolgaria, 
  i am absolutely done with the weather here . 
  i do n't have ac and the weather is slowly killing me . 
  what 's more annoying is that i hate the winter even more . 
  i just want like ... moderate weather . 
  not too hot , not too cold . 
  * uk complains about the anti uk circlejerk * * has a anti eastern european circlejerk for ages * get off your high horse , mate, 
  thank you for looking anyway !, 
  i appreciate it !, 
  believe me , canadian friend , i would like it very much if my country men respected those goddamn rules , but what bothers me is that good people , like me , have to go through the visa even if we do n't plan to break the rules . 
  since we 're talking , could you possibly link me to last year 's statistics of visa overstays ? 
  i ca n't seem to find any , but i think i 'm searching a wrong way . 
  yeah , but i do n't think killing it is the solution though . 
  i think we should work harder . 
  but i like the eu . 
  i 'm not sure how i feel about a federal eu , never gave it in depth thought , but i want the union that we have now to work . 
  not even the countries within the eu . 
  i mean we 've met the criteria for schengen and we 're still left out of that . 
  why would they ? 
  sure , they want the deal , our countries too , but all we ask for is for those visas to be lifted so we can be treated like every other member of the eu , and it is our countries right to veto a deal . 
  i mean people scream right and left on this topic on different websites saying `` ah , why should we be eu 's bitch ? 
  or romania 's bitch ? 
  '' , but you 're not . 
  your country wants to deal with the european union and it will benefit from it , but said members of that union are simply asking to be treated the same as all the other members . 
  absolutely . 
  i think we should pay . 
  countries like germany especially should have done it sooner . 
  i mean , you can expect the east to be a bit slower in catching up with the 2 % ( which romania plans to do soon ) , but countries like germany can afford that 2 % and i do n't see why it 's not happening . 
  granted , i do n't know if they gave a reason for not paying their 2 % . 
  yes , it seems unlikely now , but weakness can trigger a change in character for russia you wo n't , not directly , but russia already threatens nato members , a weaker nato could trigger something uglier both russia and usa have intertwined economies with china , and russia is especially helping china with weapons and strategy , but in the event of a war china would either remain neutral or side with russia . 
  that 's how i see it . 
  sure , there are no certains . 
  i can not say this will happen , but i ca n't say it wo n't either . 
  things change quickly nowadays and you do n't know where we 'll be in 5 years . 
  you do realize that in the event of a war against , say , russia , you 'll have to deal with russia , china , and probably an unstable europe ? 
  because russia does n't have the type of leaders that think `` fuck those poor countries , i do n't care about them '' , russia knows that no matter what , a big sphere of influence is important, 
  why would you want that ? 
  i mean , i know us ' issues with european nato countries who do n't pay their whole 2 % , but why would the uk leave ? 
  why would canada leave ? 
  well , this comment chain certainly escalated quickly i have a hard time believing that . 
  not necessarily for trade , but since we 're partners in nato and have overall good relations , there could be discussion about this in the future and it may even pass . 
  canada can tell us to fuck off but it wo n't because they want the trade deal between eu and canada . 
  if they refuse the lifting of travel visas , romania and bulgaria can veto the trade deal . 
  i 'm sure it 'll be the same in us soon . 
  no , but the pm strongly believes it was him behind the coup, 
  i would n't go that far , we 've seen worse , but it is absolutely annoying that anti erdogan people are called enemies of democracy . 
  like no one is wondering why this shit is happening in the first place . 
  you ca n't say that erdogan is a saint and these `` rebels '' just woke up one day saying `` hey , why not have a coup ? '', 
  maybe this was n't the smartest way to go about it though, 
  well , i do n't think so . 
  i 'm not sure , but i think the us said that they support the government . 
  that shows that they 're against this guy too . 
  will look for links soon . 
  edit : [ link ] ( https://twitter.com/statedept/status/754095845524451328?ref_src=twsrc%5etfw ) edit 2 : i think it 'll all come down to talks between us and turkey and whether or not turkey wants to get this guy back in their country to `` punish '' him . 
  yes , he is . 
   erdogan has now applied for asylum in britain , following failure in germany . 
  much more believable than report he was applying in iran . 
  is he going to try all european countries ? 
  apply to russia , mr erdogan, 
  the turkish army is secular .
