  it 's a bit more complicated than that and by no way am i defending antonescu . 
  back then , we had a young king , king michael i ( who 's mother actually saved a lot of jewish people ) , who had no experience to rule , mainly due to his father being sent into exile . 
  antonescu easily seized the power from him and declared himself `` conducator '' ( similar to fuhrer ) . 
  antonescu even declared war without the king 's knowledge . 
  the king 's mother was guiding the king in his actions , but because she became troublesome for the nazis , she was sent away from romania . 
  eventually , the king staged a coup d'etat and had him arrested ( later executed ) . 
  that made hitler very mad because antonescu was a good friend of hitler 's and devoted to the nazi cause . 
  and that 's when nazi germany began bombing romania and even tried to kill the king . 
  communists soon came to power and sent the king into exile . 
  believe me , a lot of people were out of the loop with the decisions being made . 
  even people who lived in areas from where jews were taken , they did n't know what happened until later . 
  sure , no one expected good , but they did n't expect a holocaust either . 
  no to mention that german soldiers were actually nice to the non jewish romanian population . 
  i 'm using nice as a comparison term because many accounts say that when russian soldiers came , they raped many women and were generally aggressive . 
  sure , there is no excuse for what happened to the jews and the gypsies and the slavs , but do n't just think the public was as aware of it as you think . 
  there are actually accounts of old people from romania on reddit about the german and russian occupation of romania if you 're interested . 
  people knew that they hated jews , but many did n't know about the camps and the horrors committed by hitler . 
  not even german citizens . 
  [ actually , here 's an example of how far the nazi propaganda would go . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/theresienstadt_ ( film ) ), 
  i 've actually read about him enough to recognize the type of person you are . 
  bugger off now, 
  true . 
  also , these are immigrants countries like the uk do n't ever talk about . 
  not official , but [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e_gc7e2whvc ) is nice, 
  / r/romania - this is how you protest , you lazy bums ^ / s, 
  i can not believe it albania . 
  first in footbal , now this ? 
  unacceptable . 
  okay so that was n't sarcasm romania is the only country in eastern europe that speaks a romance language we are not slavic . 
  our language is a romance language ( like the french , the spanish , etc. ), 
  edit : sure , there 's a slavic influence on our language , but it 's nonetheless a romance language, 
  is there supposed to be a ^ / s somewhere that i 'm missing ? 
   as a member of the axis , romania joined the invasion of the soviet union on 22 june 1941 , providing equipment and oil to nazi germany as well as committing more troops to the eastern front than all the other allies of germany combined . 
   `` when it 's a question of action against the slavs , you can always count on romania , '' antonescu stated ten days before the start of operation barbarossa . 
  this damn prick, 
  lol what edit : they 've warned me about you, 
  i was thinking the same thing . 
  i mean i want them to stay , but close to 50 % of their population want out . 
  no matter the results , they 'll still want out and refuse further integration . 
  no , wait , that would be truer for ex soviet countries, 
  it 's like when grandma wants to give you a kiss . 
  you always choose more drinking , mate . 
  drink , drink , you wo n't care about who 's with the wife anymore, 
  sorry trading partner , ca n't / do n't know how to edit the title . 
  pretty new to reddit . 
  geography has always fucked us in relation to russia, 
  either way , may the whining stop, 
  `` lack of credible source '' . 
  lmao . 
  i guess if it was the english flag it would get a sticky, 
  okay , but at the same time if the english supporters thought flags do n't matter to people , why would they do that ? 
  do n't you think they did it with the knowledge that it would make polish people angry/sad/etc ? 
  i can understand that . 
  i 'm sure english supporters doing this is not the only incident of this type . 
  regardless of this , it does not make it okay . 
  however , in this particular incident , there 's other implications too . 
  first of all , there 's no actual reason for them do this . 
  they 're not playing against poland anytime soon . 
  second of all , knowing england 's political context right now , i 'd dare say it 's a little bit more than just good old football rivalry . 
  then again , mocking the polish flag with no reason whatsoever is not like walking over a carpet or a rug or a piece of cloth . 
  it has a purpose for the english supporters in the video . 
  it is meant to mock polish people . 
  why would we be okay with that ? 
  because it is english supporters ? 
  what would be the reaction if any europeans would do the same to england 's flag ? 
  would n't there be ton of backlash ? 
  do n't say no because i 'm not buying it, 
  how the hell did you build us from scratch ? 
  actually nicu ceausescu talks about exactly what you said and i think it 's true . 
  they clearly misinformed him on a lot of issues . 
  thing is ... other influential people who used the revolution to their own interests too . 
  they killed him after a mock trial . 
  sure , he deserved punishment , but his death benefited the upcoming political leaders too ( ion iliescu and his homies ) . 
  i 'm sure there are other things we still do n't know about that event . 
  yes , it 's news . 
  in other news , not a splendid joke . 
  more for me i guess . 
  so jelly of them . 
  i mean sure , we have massive drunkness , that 's certainly never been a problem , but we obviously lack the bisex . 
  lovely game from spain . 
  sorry turkey : / first game in euro 2016 to get 3 goals tho ', 
   we can finally return to the proper greek traditions of massive drunkness and bisex 10/10, 
  i could do that . 
  i was n't aware people would get upset over it because nobody told me before . 
  but sure , i 'll do it . 
  good . 
  thanks for the link . 
  why did n't it charge the english too for what they did on the streets since the beginning ? 
  or did it ? 
  ( no idea if they did , but have n't heard of it ), 
  yeah , i guess you 're right . 
  glad they 're a minority . 
  i really do n't understand the need for violence , whether it comes from the russians , the english or the french . 
  then again , they 're a major team . 
  it was expected for them to play better than us . 
  we played well . 
  i was afraid too , but it was okay . 
   full-time : france 2-1 romania, 
  well ... that was definitely unexpected .
