   not only did the u.s. liberate europe from fascism , it also freed the continent from the clutches of communism , goes a common refrain . 
  lmao, 
  and people still do n't think this is a real issue . 
  yes , most xenophobic dicks in uk did n't stab anyone yet , but there are incidents , like this one and the other one where the polish person was murdered , that clearly show things can escalate . 
  you can not treat xenophobic or racist or whatever crimes like normal crimes because they are driven by hate and a sore lack of education . 
  they can fuel the creation of hate mobs . 
  and by that i mean that if a person beats another person for being an immigrant , the punishment should be worse than , say , a person beating another person to steal their money . 
  both of these are bad , but only one is personal . 
  this is stupid . 
  when this type of ban happened in romania during communism , a lot of women died because they paid money to doctors with limited resources for backroom abortions . 
  a lot of kids were abandoned in communist orphanges from hell . 
  it was a mess . 
  let people choose . 
  i have certain problems with abortions sometimes , but i would never force another person to give birth to a child that they do n't want or keep a pregnancy that resulted out of a terrible event . 
  above all , forcing a woman to keep a pregnancy that endangers her life is scary as hell and should probably be a crime . 
  even the communists let dangerous pregnancies be terminated . 
  and i think the rape ones too . 
  also if you already had a certain number of children . 
  ~ ~ sorry , i rarely see any british person agreeing with free movement on this website . 
  all they usually tell me is that i suck money out of their pockets . 
  could be some i missed . ~ ~ how will the remain side affect the brexit ? 
  what are their demands from the brexit deal ? 
  if free movement happens , the leave side will probably protest quite aggressively against it . 
  see what / u/mathem _ said  the entire brexit boils down to this . 
  uk wants free trade without free movement . 
  eu wants free trade with free movement . 
  there is no way both of these goals can be achieved therefore one side will be forced to accept unfavorable outcome . 
  i just wish it is n't us . 
   i mean i voted remain , i probably still would but that does n't mean i want my country to crash and burn because it took a decision i did n't agree with . 
  listen , it 's nothing personal . 
  the moment uk triggers a50 , the well being of the uk is not eu 's first priority anymore , as is with other eu members , it becomes secondary to eu 's well being . 
  as in , if you 're out , the eu has to follow eu 's interest , not uk 's , who will no longer be a member . 
  i love how you simultaneously complain about revenge wanking and talk about the eu as if these countries who choose to be in the eu are slaves to brussels . 
  is n't the burkini ban unconstitutional tho ? 
  is n't it enforced by french mayors illegally ? 
  go mighty british empire , be free of the tin pot countries, 
  i dare you no i double dare you, 
  russia pls leave brolgaria alone they 're priceless * whispers * get your bulgaria for only 0.99 $ , beach view , all inclusive, 
  we 'd lose some money , but i guess you forget the part where the eu * begs * us to use eu funds because we do n't use them as much as other members . 
  it 's not `` not being nice '' , the eu is simply following eu 's interest , which is obviously more important for the eu than uk 's interest . 
  that 's just common sense . 
  this is from my experience  how often do europeans eat out ? 
  i 'd say twice a week for younger people in romania . 
  older people do n't eat fast food as much . 
   how often do you go grocery shopping ? 
  every other day for milk , bread , etc. 
   are frozen meals and prepared foods a thing in europe ? 
  how often do you consume them ? 
  they exist . 
  most people do n't eat them though because most prefer home cooked meals . 
   is it less expensive to eat healthy ( ie . 
  fresh foods ) or to eat prepared and/or fast foods ? 
  considering that most people make home cooked meals and eat regularly , it would be more expensive and inefficient to get fast food or prepared meals if you switched to them . 
  does n't sound too bad i guess , especially the part about sanctioning commercials that exaggerate the effects of food supplements, 
  well i used to use rutor because it was easy and i did n't have to make an account , but now it just does n't let me search . 
  i write in the search bar , click search and it just refreshes the home page . 
  and a while back it sent me a message that it was blocked in several countries by russia and i should use the tor browser to access it but i could n't make it work . 
  i still use kinozal.tv and rutracker tho . 
  generally , tho , torrents seem to stop working . 
  kickass is no longer , torrentz.eu acts weird . 
  how am i going to live my criminal life like this, 
  nah , we 're good, 
  slightly off topic but i 'm really sad i ca n't use their torrents anymore , they have the best quality and stuff is usually available earlier than on other torrents, 
  the reason we ca n't enter schengen is the netherlands . 
  late to this . 
  1:15 in and i 'm crying . 
  how can someone let that happen to these children ? 
  and worse , after the fall of communism , have any of the personnel ever been held accountable for such crimes ? 
  this is absolutely malicious . 
  edit : i understand there were n't conditions , but there is no way you can keep a mentally ill child in his own pee and say that 's reasonable . 
  oh do n't wet yourself . 
  it 's the first time us does anything for the east and it 's solely out of pure self interest . 
  the east has survived a load of things . 
  sounds serious from i gathered from tv news here . 
  hopefully no one gets hurt . 
  could be unlikely , but that 's all i can wish for . 
  edit : phew, 
  i agree with you , turkey out of nato is in no way a good thing , but i 'm also wondering if this is n't what turkey wants eventually, 
  yeah , but that does n't mean people like that can get away with shit like this , be it about romania or anything else . 
  `` comrade '' , stop eating the propaganda out of mother russia 's hand go talk to the ukrainian soldiers who fight even today , who lose their lives even in this day , go ask them who they 're fighting against . 
  they know better than you . 
  can i not escape people like you even on this website ? 
   antonescu might have been a fascist , but he was a true patriot . 
  never go full retard, 
  sorry i assumed . 
  most attacks were done by people who have been born here, 
  i generally agree , but while collective punishment is not the answer , there should be much firmer forms of checking people . 
  like how are authorities ever going to be able to prevent a lone wolf attack ? 
  those people by definition want to blend in with the crowd so my question is how do we prevent shit like this from happening ? 
  it should n't be . 
  even if it starts happening this often , we should never normalize this or be any less shocked . 
  we have to treat every incident of this type as a colossal thing because if we normalize them , we 'll just ... accept that this is the life we lead and that 's not okay . 
  because now these terrorists do n't even have to communicate with isis anymore . 
  they 're lone wolves and take initiative and do shit by themselves . 
  please . 
  enough with this . 
  unfortunately , i 'm not so sure about that . 
   new go slavia  romania how dare you, 
  goddamn it, 
  i understand the situation is awful , but not everyone can afford to leave the country so it 's better to offer them two options .
