  first what are those policies ? 
  can you show me policies that are made to exactly target minorities ? 
  if you 're talking about the institution instead of the policies , i think you should take a closer look at who the people in the udmr are and who their allies are . 
  they are just as corrupt as most parties and they should n't be avoided just so hungary can say `` oh look , there 's no corruption within hungarian minority '' . 
  i know you all want to believe this , but there 's no conspiracy against you . 
  calm down . 
  i was just joking about how it 's more typical for americans to use the phrase `` red , white and blue x '', 
   state does n't build churches , synagogues or mosques here . 
  all of these are owned by registered church - roman-catholic , jewish , orthodox , whatever . 
  yes , that 's what i meant . 
  my bad !, 
  good for malta !, 
  that bad american influence, 
  a census from 2010 shows that slovakia 's muslims make up 0.1-2 % ( 5000 ) of the total population . 
  romania 's muslim population is 0.3 % ( 67,566 ) according to a 2002 census . 
  islam is a recognized religion here and we have quite a few mosques . 
  maybe not enough , i do n't know , but we have some . 
  wikipedia also says this :  slovakia is the last member state of the european union without a mosque . 
  i do n't understand why does n't slovakia just recognize islam as on official religion and build at least a mosque . 
  the thing is , when muslims do n't have where to pray ( a mosque constructed by the state ) , they are more likely to attend illegal places of worship where dubious people could end up teaching muslims dubios things . 
  there was a dicussion about this here in romania and the muslims agree with this too . 
  some people can rent a place and `` form a mosque '' there , but if it 's not state made , it can do all sorts things without the state knowing and cause damage to the muslims who are just looking for a place of worship . 
  not like poland 's government is very favored by the eu right now . 
  thing is , it does n't matter who 's government supports hungary , it matters that everyone realizes that such behaviors are not productive at all . 
  i see . 
  well , hopefully everyone chills and focuses on the better things . 
   satisfaction with national democracy is low across europe this is where romania 's response surprised me the most . 
  other than that , pretty much as expected ( we 're very pro eu ) , but opinions may differ on the * biggest problems * . 
  it 's still not alright . 
  we 're both eu members and aim for the same things . 
  we should not behave like this towards each other . 
   these past events are probably just because of your elections and the increased attention to the crappy foreign relations our nations have because of that . 
  it 's still not fair to act like this . 
  and besides , it enables people like basescu to spew shit right back . 
  the only difference is that basescu has no position or authority in foreign relations right now . 
  i feel like these sort of things affect eu cooperation and create tensions . 
  and it 's truly upsetting from my point of view because we do have bigger problems to deal with . 
  do the hungarian majority agree with these officials ? 
  i 'm just dumbfounded that the eu does n't tell them to stop acting like children who hold a grudge . 
  how are we to cooperate within the eu if they keep spewing shit like this ? 
  i do n't think so , not in the near future anyway . 
  and it would n't do anyone any good . 
  it would also be nice if the media would just stop with the fear mongering . 
  i tried to translate the declarations , but keep in mind that i 'm shit at translation and if someone has a better one , they 're welcomed to correct me . 
   hungarian vice pm :  `` if we 're to ask ourselves if hungary had any role to play in the deterioration of the hungarian-romanian relations , i can say with a clear conscience that we do not . 
  we 've always been tolerant with romanians and we 've never exaggerated anything . 
  but now we 're against the wall . 
   if we have anything to reproach to the hungarian diplomacy is that we did n't take a firm stance before ( literally translated as : we did n't bang our fist on the table ) . 
   through masked justice procedures , anti hungarian actions take place . 
  hungarian leaders , respected by the community , face attacks . '', 
   zsolt nemeth added :  `` we consider that the hungarian-romanian relations have evolved very unfavorably in the last few years . 
  we can call these relations very bad . 
  basically , ever since 2012 , not even a dialogue at the highest order ( rank , as in big time officials ) could be guaranteed . 
  we need an immediate change of the situation . '', 
  honestly , i do n't know what to say but our relationship with hungary worsens with every year . 
  happy independence day !, 
   imperialism, 
  so wait . 
  you call them both that or are there slightly different names ? 
  and thanks !, 
  anyway . 
  chocolate for me !, 
   i guess as far as i understand it , like countries that are vital to the union 's existance . 
  i know , stupid . 
  well , i understand that . 
  i 'm sure croatia is important , all of them are in their own way . 
  economically or geopolitically . 
  but the author is doing a pretty bad job of this map . 
  for example , italy could have been purple and black . 
  because if the author thinks they have ambition to go solo , he must not forget they 're vital too . 
   cuz you lot are apparently very much tied to and love your hungarian neighbours making you a-h bloc . 
  1 . what does eu core mean ? 
  cause it sure does n't mean the founder states 2 . why are n't we purple too ? 
  we and the baltics are the most pro eu countries in the eastern region . 
  the baltics should probably be red and purple because they 're ex soviet states too . 
  i do n't understand this map and the meaning of its colors and how they 're used . 
  it 's all over the place . 
  ahahah but i 'm not judging you op . 
  i 'm just confused :d, 
  they put us there to trigger us, 
   i do n't hate roma , but i do n't respect them either . 
  i can understand that . 
  it 's truly saddening to deny your children the right to education , even when the state is trying to offer you chances to integrate them in the school system . 
  i 'm sure that they face discrimination in certain cases , but i do n't think it 's at the level at which such a big percentage of them would n't be able to get education if their parents wanted it . 
  i can only hope that it will change . 
  for their good and for everyone 's good . 
  like the jewish people and the black people , they have a history of slavery and genocide and it has been rough on them . 
  there 's still discrimination against them , but i believe they could have done more to improve their image , despite their past or their present challenges . 
  i was n't trying to deny your experiences , i was just stating a fact . 
  what i was trying to say here is that people with the same views as yours would be less likely to share them in public if they were about muslims or jews . 
  you 're less likely to be called a racist for your views on roma people . 
  while i agree that a lot of romani people have this culture of denying their children education , that 's not to say all of them are like that . 
  we have to remember , though , that a lack of education means they are more prone to commit crimes and to unemployment . 
  i think the key element is to promote and encourage , at all costs , education for romani children . 
  if we break this vicious circle , these people could become upstanding members of society which wo n't benefit just them , but the society itself . 
  i have two stories too : - i had a classmate during university that was romani . 
  we did n't talk to each other much , but one time we went for a smoke together . 
  she was looking rather anxious so i asked her what 's wrong . 
  she told me that she 's scared of her parents finding out she 's smoking . 
  i thought that was weird because she 's an adult and while it may not be a good thing to smoke , hiding it from her parents does n't change anything .
