   british hostility towards the eu has been planted in all anglophone country , with the added problem that these people do n't know the first thing about european politics and honestly believe the eu is about to collapse . 
  we should prove them wrong just out of spite . 
   stop creating self-harming sanctions !, 
  some things are bigger than self interest . 
  i 'll take a guess and say the hit your cheese market took was minimal . 
  thank god !, 
  that 's why i said that putin is hurting his own people , because sanctions did have an effect on their economy . 
  unfortunately , last time someone said almost everyone else in europe is doing better than russia when it comes to income , he was almost punched in the face . 
  you 're right . 
  they 're in a really bad state . 
   all in all the majority thinks that romania will be doing very well in the future . 
  it 's nice to hear german people have a positive outlook about us . 
  thanks !, 
   i have yet to visit and i am planning to do so , in the not to distant future . 
  hope you 'll have fun when you do !, 
  how is romania viewed in germany ? 
  both from a historical point of view and now . 
  dutch people ... how possible is for the netherlands to exit the european union in the following years ? 
  the netherlands is considered by some the most eurosceptic country after the uk . 
  how true is that ? 
   nuclear-capable submarine to always stay somewhere in the baltic sea would surely prevent russia from messing with the baltics ever again . 
  i doubt that . 
   and iirc romania ? 
  no source on ro we have n't yet . 
  we will this year . 
  sure and we are in the process of getting our shit together . 
  at least romania , poland and the baltic states . 
  i do n't know much about how the others are doing . 
  that 's absolutely fucking disgusting of her . 
  wow . 
   but also took remedial european history in grade school . 
  not to mention current events in georgia and ukraine teach you all you need to know . 
  which proves you 're not ignorant of this matter . 
  calling eastern europeans paranoid and ignoring our entire history with russia while being in a country far , far away from russia is so obnoxious . 
  care to explain the last one ? 
  what do the many shades represent ? 
  no rest for the wicked . 
  that looks so awesome !, 
   remember to be mindful of the cars though . 
  so ... how many reposts should we have ? 
  northern = / = nordic . 
  ah , glorious latin . 
  no problem with that . 
  i would just prefer if they did n't do it at the expense of other countries and based on laughable argumentation like this :  we have neither cultural nor political similarities with russia , ukraine or belarus which are bulwark of e. europe . 
  better prove you 're more like the nordics than talk shit with not much to show . 
  that 's what we learn in school , that 's on wikipedia and it should be a well known fact , but i 'm not from the baltics and do n't feel like i need to constantly remind people that !, 
  ! i 'm not eastern european !!, 
  just to feel better about myself . 
  i do , however , take offense when baltics say that they have less in common with russia than romania and czechia . 
  i mean ... * lol * . 
  well , then , romania is southeastern . 
  that 's our geographical position . 
  this is so tiring . 
  especially when you hear them saying `` oh , of course , it 's because we have nothing in common , politically , culturally or otherwise , with the europoors in eastern europe who are so obviously like russia . '', 
  do you even know the first thing about the countries you 're shitting on ? 
  what the hell do russia and romania or russia and czechia have in common politically and culturally ? 
  this is what we call an inferiority complex . 
  `` oh , i 'm not called ee anymore , i 'm suddenly so awesome ! '', 
  so does romania has any cultural or political similarities to russia ? 
  does czechia ? 
  well , obviously !, 
  few more places to go . 
  lol, 
   except it was n't putin who started all that mess in ukraine [ oh dear !, 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/8ux3oiweliq?t=12 ), 
  imagine living in a country where protesting could get you to die in jail . 
  imagine that . 
  that sentence alone should give you reason to protest for your own interests , if the good of humanity is n't enough for you . 
   crimea and ukraine thing are just temporary things ( almost forgotten now ) i guess it 's easy to forget a war when it 's not your country that suffers . 
   one thing i find concerning is that many people voted for brexit with the expectation that the uk would have access to the single market . 
  maybe they did n't know enough about it and what it entails ? 
  but when they do find out , they will probably be okay with uk not being in the single market . 
  jokes on you , germany 's not better . 
  it was obvious . 
  they did n't want freedom of movement and that comes with the single market . 
  i 'm glad she could finally say it so people will stop fighting over whether or not they 'll stay in it . 
  if you fail a project , you have to return the money to the eu afaik . 
  hahaha !, 
  good one !, 
   finland will never ever get eu funding more than we are paying to them already that 's because you 're already rich and you do n't need it . 
  and someone explained :  yes , eu economies are so interconnected that rising demand in the 2004/2007 accession member states will also be felt in the developed economies of the eu . 
  if you look at recent statistics the 2004/2007 countries have had very high growth rates , in part thanks to cohesion funds , but that higher demand has also partly helped the traditional eu economies grow . 
   other countries aside , romania 's trade alone has more than double since it joined in 2007 , reaching $ 150 billion a year in 2016 and most of it is with other eu members like germany , italy and france , which are net contributors . 
  it does n't take a genius to understand that a trade increase of that magnitude has been creating hundreds of thousands of jobs , not in just romania , but in the net contributor states . 
   this is why cohesion funds exist , and this is why it 's monumentally short-sighted when people complain about them . 
  also , keep calling my country a shit hole if it makes you feel better . 
  -11 now in bucharest , but tomorrow is predicted to be -18 . 
  but that 's how eu 's funds work . 
  you have a project , you present it , if it 's good enough , you get funding . 
  why ? 
  so that was referencing the `` nazi propaganda '' comment i always saw following a `` polish death camps '' comment . . 
  thanks for the info !, 
  i do n't think i 've ever used `` polish death camps '' and i wo n't start using it . 
  best to use nazi death camps . 
   yup , because repeating stereotypes/distortions/lies over and over again solidifies them . 
  that 's why the polish are so sensitive to improper death camps naming , btw. , and rightfully so . 
  but hey , that 's fun , is n't it ? 
  i 've always seen this as interesting because if i 'd ever say `` polish death camps '' i 'd never say it , or expected someone to interpret it , as death camps made by the polish people . 
  if i 'd ever use it , i 'd use it as an indicator of where they were geographically placed . 
  and honestly , if someone leaves that kind of conversation with the idea that `` aha , so it was the polish who created these camps , not the germans ! '',
