  sure , maybe they do n't know better , but that ca n't be said for all of them . 
  there 's going to be a small event in romania in solidarity with the polish women . 
  i really hope this ban will drop in the end . 
  maybe you do n't know what though life is then . 
  i 'd rather people only have children if they can take care of them and love them . 
  if you know you ca n't invest love , money and time into a child , do n't have one . 
  * how dare you *, 
  that happened because throughout history women were denied to work in certain fields and they had to sit at home with children . 
  stop talking before thinking . 
  being physically weaker ( in certain cases because it does n't always apply ) and putting everyone in their strength class ( like it happens in wrestling with men vs men ) does not mean unequal treatment . 
  it was a guy who was cursing at jews and talking about jewish propaganda . 
  okay . 
  yeah , i took that sentence down because before antonescu rose to power , there was the iron guard , from which antonescu distanced himself later on . 
  yes , the authorities did the dirty work and yes , it would be outrage if something were to happen today , but that was a different time . 
  anti semitism was all over europe and while not everyone was up for killing jews , a lot of them hated jews because of the propaganda . 
  most romanians that have seen the jews being taken away assumed bad things would follow , but not as many imagined a genocide . 
  bottom line is that the romanian holocaust is part of romanian history and it 's an ugly part but it needs to be addressed and acknowledged . 
  however , that does n't mean living in shame for something that you did n't do , it just means that you have a responsibility to be educated on the matter and not let something like this happen again . 
  you 're romanian too . 
  how do you feel about your history ? 
  i 'm sad for what happened to the jews and the roma , it was terrible , but i have no guilt . 
  i did n't do it . 
  and unlike in germany , there were n't many people who knew what was happening . 
  and political situation . 
  which means that our politicians can barely make a road let alone a museum . 
  partially because they steal from the funds and partially because they do n't care . 
  but now it 's finally happening and hopefully they 'll make it good and stable . 
  let 's just be happy it finally happens okay ? 
  i did n't say that , but whatever dude . 
  even when people agree with you , you have something against them . 
  i mentioned political too bc you know that until recently , they would n't have done anything they would n't profit from . 
  edit : that stadium has a lot of fucking problems from what i know . 
  listen , museums and memorials do n't just happen out of thin air . 
  i agree that there could have been done more until now , but the political and socio-economical situation was n't exactly favorable . 
  i think that more important than a memorial or a museum is kids actually learning about this in school . 
  i learned about germany and nazism and the holocaust , but i was never told about the romanian crimes at my school . 
  granted , others have , but the fact that i was n't told shows that they need to make sure every school has this in the program and that it 's taught efficiently , so people know what happened . 
  even so , i welcome the memorials and the museum . 
  i 'm actually very interested and ca n't wait to visit the museum . 
   then again , a few eu members accepted that canada treats them like second rank europeans in the a travel agreement . 
  that will end soon seeing as canada will lift visas for romanians and bulgarians so ceta can pass . 
  canada will also lift visas for mexic . 
  that 's stupid to say . 
  sure , not all women acknowledge that this happens , but actual feminists do . 
  i mean think about it ... the reason male abuse victims do n't speak up or report their abusers as much as women is because other males have created this culture of `` bro , you got beaten up by a pussy ? '', 
  which puts pressure on the victim to keep silent . 
  i think that society as a whole should accept the fact that both genders can be victims of abuse , rape , etc. 
  and that being a victim of one of those things does not automatically make you weak . 
  this happens because society views masculinity as strong , unemotional , etc. 
  which is stupid . 
   trade agreements have nothing to do with free movement i stopped reading here, 
  when you make a video to promote something , you show the good stuff . 
  ofc there 's gon na be bad stuff too , whether it 's berlin or bucharest , but you do n't have to show that if you make a promo . 
  it would be stupid for people to think that every single inch of the city looks 10/10 . 
   romanians  optimistic group lol, 
  you tried :'(, 
  first of all , donating 100 euro is more of an insult than a donation . 
  secondly , the whole clip that was send to us alongside the `` donation '' is an insult , especially when our treasury is in russia since wwi and russia refuses to give it back . 
  oh , and basarabia of course . 
  courtesy of stalin . 
  do n't think for a second that anyone here has anything to thank for to the soviet union . 
  edit : also , russia and its revised history has no place to tell us to `` learn the true history '' . 
  apparently people raised 100 euros to give them back to the russian embassy in cents . 
  1 cent per person . 
  we 're coming !!!!, 
  things might change quite a bit after our parliamentary elections in december unfortunately . 
   well germany just so happens to be a very reasonable and stable prosperous country . 
  absolutely nothing like ukraine !, 
  did you just call ukraine unreasonable for not wanting it 's land to be seized ? 
  because if so ... well , we should just cut the conversation short . 
  i agree that we should try to move on , but russia is still acting like it 's the cold war and as if at any point , something could happen . 
  granted , there 's a ghost of the cold war that is real , whether we like it or not . 
  i think we should continue to be wary of russia 's moves . 
  not in a `` omg they 'll kill us tomorrow '' sort of way , but in a `` i do n't trust you so i 'll keep a very close eye on you '' sort of way . 
   also eastern europe can ; t agree on how it feels about russia . 
  bulgarians are a good example of a confused post-soviet state . 
  that 's true . 
  some hate it so much , some just want to stay away from it so there 's no conflict and some love it . 
  1 . romania was allied with nazi germany because a fascist committed a coup . 
  it was not the will of the people . 
  antonescu seized power and even declared war without our king 's knowledge . 
  2 . why did romania ( and the east generally ) have to suffer from a communist regime while only east of germany got communism ? 
  why did italy escape communism ? 
  3 . who 's picking fights ??? 
  us or russia ?? 
  i 'll try to reply tomorrow cause my phone 's acting up but you make some good points . 
  the sphere of influences agreement between stalin and churchill was something that if treated differently , could have meant a lot for countries involved , especially romania , where it was agreed that the soviets should have 90 % influence . 
  even though we ultimately ditched the germans in wwii , with whom we became allied only because of a coup , we remained under communism until 1989 , which still has effects on our country today . 
  the west looked away while we rotted under russia 's influence . 
  which is why some say that wwii ended in 1990s . 
  for east europe at least . 
  germany was somewhat safe . 
  so was italy . 
  my point is that unlike the west , who had full support of the allies post wwii to become stable again , ee was forgotten and had to pull themselves out of that mess . 
   that said i would wager to say that the nature of power in the international system has changed and full out land grabs are no longer useful or very viable . 
  land isn ; t the necessary resource it once was , and there are other more nuanced methods of gaining those resources one needs to better their state . 
  i agree with this . 
  it is highly unlikely for russia to nuke or invade or declare war on a nato state , but those other methods to gain other things are bad too . 
  but given what i 've said , it is understandable that parts of ee still feel unsafe in regards to russia . 
   these states have to fear monger to stay relevant or get cash injections into the economy .
