  not really . 
  if you look at history , east europe has always been kind of alone whenever russia took a swing at it and they recovered kind of by themselves too . 
  it 's more of a `` do n't take putin or russia for granted . 
  we know what russian aggression is . '', 
  thanks !, 
  did n't know that !, 
  listen ... if eu decides to let russia off the hook , ee will probably eventually comply with eu 's decision , but always remember that there are people in ee who still remember the russian occupation of their country . 
  the ee generally knows russia better than the west , who did n't deal with its aggression as much as the east . 
  the east has legit concerns and while you might think putin is a laid back guy who 's all bark , that may be wrong . 
  sure , it is n't exactly profitable for russia to attack the ee in anyway , but an attack does n't have to be like it is in ukraine . 
  besides , if trump does become president , the fact that some ee countries do n't pay the whole 2 % ( although richer countries , like germany , do n't either afaik ) , could result in us denying aid to ee or even going as far as to take us out of nato completely . 
  we do n't know . 
  the thing is , russia 's leaders have always been unpredictable . 
  you do n't know if they 'll do anything , but you 'd be a fool to think that they would n't go as far as to sacrifice their own people for the sake of their goals . 
  the world is closing down around russia , with more countries wanting to apply for eu or nato , and russia will not go down without a fight . 
   but anyone doubting putin 's loyalty to russia is a fool . 
  maybe some people said the same thing about stalin before wwii , when he starved his own people and the soldiers were fighting two on one gun . 
  we did it , roddit, 
  pana si google translate s-a blocat frate, 
  not really what about trying to better the conditions of living so people actually want to have babies ? 
  many people who do n't want to have babies in countries such as mine or poland do n't want to because they do n't make enough money , the state does n't help much and they generally think there 's not much of a future for the kids if they do n't put their career first and make as much money as they can to make sure that if and when they make a baby , that baby will have everything it needs . 
  religion . 
  yeah ... well all i can say is good luck trying to use logic with this bunch . 
  what 's sad is that although the ruling party is in cahoots with the polish church ( because we know that 's present in other countries too so it 's not surprising ) , they 're actually willing to jeopardize women 's health and that 's not alright at all . 
  i really hope people go to protests in bigger numbers because this is bad on so many levels . 
  the influence the church has on this party and by extension on the state , the use of this power by the party and by extension of the state to get votes , putting women in danger . 
  should be enough to get on people 's nerves , but then again , both of us may be familiar with how reasonable some religious people can be sometimes . 
  especially when religion meets politics . 
  when the church and the state are trying to limit people 's rights , it should concern everyone . 
  * it 's been 84 years *, 
  he 's a rat and should stfu, 
  we know a thing or two about idiots voting for corrupt idiots . 
  parliamentary elections are on 11th december this year and it will probably be a shit show as i do not see it ending well . 
  especially since it 'll be the end of our technocrat government and it 'll be sad to see our good , decent pm go . 
  you guys need to spread awareness about why other people should join your protest , about why this ban is bad . 
  like i said in another thread , in romania , this was something that happened during the communist regime and it was pretty nasty . 
  i imagine there are people who support the ban because of the idea that `` people do n't make babies anymore these days '' but this is not how it should be done . 
  there are ways to encourage people to form families , but this is n't it . 
  hopefully more people will come to the protest . 
  bravo polonia !, 
  really though . . this is important and i hope your voices are heard by the government !, 
  que, 
  he 'll definitely take away oprea 's immunity . 
  it can be removed by the president , but like i said , some say the dna will still have to come up with new evidence and some say they wo n't have to . 
  yeah , that is indeed disgusting because children are impressionable . 
  how will this march affect them ? 
  do they have a lot of supporters ? 
  besides , even after resignation , he still has immunity . 
  the dna will have to come up with new evidence which is quite hard . 
  that 's good . 
  especially if they go as far as to physically harm someone . 
  that 's dangerous and they should be discouraged immediately . 
  holocaust denial in public is punishable by law with imprisonment here . 
  some people here can vegetables like pickles . 
  and we also have something similar called [ zacusc\u0103 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zacusc%c4%83 ) . 
  but your honor the earthquake asked for it !!!, 
  yet i am getting downvoted for taking the piss at that nationalistic shit, 
  yeah , that 's not a good attitude . 
  both parts have to make compromises . 
  you go netherlands , you schengen blocking junkies jk actually this is good, 
  good old hungary and its everything hungarian . 
  nope . 
  we do n't need that . 
  romania has barely taken any refugees . 
  stop w the bullshit . 
  this was the first earthquake i felt too . 
  my closet was moving , my birds were going crazy, 
  i know it is , but it 's a dead language . 
  imagine that the whole europe would start using latin overnight . 
  everyone else would be so confused . 
  hey , psst , wild bulgaria ... let 's wildly attack russia overnight together ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  brolgaria is cool too and the black sea, 
  i honestly do n't remember last time someone tried to kill another person bc of their ethnicity . 
  someone refresh my mind ? 
  as far as religion goes , yes , there has been a recent event where some muslim girls have been harassed and some street protests against the building of a huge mosque , but it was n't violent as far as i know . 
  other than that , idk . 
  people do kill each other , but not over their country of origin . 
  they 're far more welcoming and the majority of them are pro remain, 
  i think that what you said to / u/serioussam909 is far more insulting than calling you wanker will ever be . 
  ~ ~ i 'm just gon na play your game cause you 're obviously a troll ~ ~ yesssss mr radiofiftythree it is a mob . 
  it is a conspiracy . 
  run . 
  sorry we 're outraged by what could have been another murder, 
  i know most people on this website say that xenophobic violence did n't actually increase by british police reports , but i never looked up any statistics . 
  if that 's true , that 's awful . 
  i think it 's like this : these incidents have happened before , but they were pretty much trivialized by media or by people , but in the wake of brexit , these crimes became a tool for whatever interest each has . 
  i think it 's quite sad , really . 
  beating me because you want my money has actually not that much to do with me , but with my money . 
  you do n't necessarily hate me , you just want something that i have and you randomly selected me to get what you want . 
  a hate crime is something driven out of personal hate for skin color , sexual orientation , etc. 
  it 's personal . 
  you do n't do it because you want something that i have , but because you specifically hate my skin color , or whomever i choose to love , etc. 
  it bothers you enough to be physically aggressive . 
  you 're beating people for who they are . 
  besides , like i said , these type of incidents can create movements based on hate if they are n't treated seriously enough . 
  we 've already seen that aggression towards immigrants is supported by neo nazis . 
  that 's good advice for people in the uk . 
  one question though . . since ethnicity ( xenophobia ) is n't on the list , does it not count as much as the others or does it go hand in hand with racism ? 
  i did n't know that , but if they are , that 's good . 
  the people need to understand that no matter how they feel about immigrants , hate crimes wo n't be tolerated in the least and immigrants ' safety comes first in this case .
