  [ just a little homo ] ( https://i.redditmedia.com/g-qrccd86ypgw-4jlpku4urtjjojmtvlmtt5hcziwxi.jpg?w=600&amp;s=861dc95462f12c664c3b7f36cbfe0619 ), 
   eight countries why not all, 
   a bit worrying that he needs to make this an explicit policy really . 
  just another day in a country that prefers to vote for corrupted politicians . 
  it gives them a boost of confidence where they think they can break the law because the people voted for them . 
  realistically speaking , the party won 46 % of the votes and the presence at the polls was 40 % . 
  just imagine that . 
  incompetence and people who lack the interest in the country 's future disgust me . 
  well , for one , their leader is convicted for electoral fraud . 
  of course , i 'm not saying his party rigged this election , they did n't , but he was convicted of that in the past so it 's obviously not a good thing . 
  our president has said that he will not appoint a convicted politician as the pm , but psd will obviously fight back and will most likely take the issue to the constitutional court . 
  the party is generally hostile towards dna ( anti corruption agency ) and its members have had several problems with the law . 
  they are planning to take some economical irresponsible measures ( such as raising salaries and cutting taxes but with no plan on how to fill the gap . 
  the deficit will most probably raise . ), 
  and they 'll probably fall in a loop trying to undo most things done by the previous government . 
  because they 're cunts like that . 
  all in all , the next 4 years will be bad for us . 
  the sad truth . 
  who needs progress ? 
  fuck progress . 
  that sounds bleak . 
  i hope the situation improves over time . 
  they do have some influence on the matter . 
  not just them , but nato too i think . 
  they ca n't really directly force a country to do anything , but there are conditions and sanctions . 
  you ca n't really rely on countries where corruption is high so they make it a point to `` bully '' the state into taking actions . 
  it 's a good measure i 'd say . 
  that 's true . 
  that 's pretty much what happened here . 
  it was good until they realized dna is after their asses too . 
  and now that this happened here in romania , corrupt bulgarian politicians are less likely to approve a anti corruption body like that . 
  is there any party that is less or not corrupted at all ? 
  if yes , what support do they have ? 
   full lack of compromise is a clusterfuck , it means becoming stuck in a loop of one party undoing what the other did in an endless cycle . 
  this sounds awfully close to the social democrats we have in our country, 
  * yes , rub salt in the wound !! 1 !, 
  * klaus iohannis is my last hope when it comes to dragnea . 
  i hope he fights enough that this cockroach does n't assume the role of pm . 
  a little background : while we have a law that says a convicted person can not assume the role of a pm , psd will most likely take this to the constitutional court in hope they get a positive answer . 
  also  the contrast is sharpest with bulgaria , which joined the eu at the same time as romania . 
  there , corruption in public administration has doubled in the past five years , according to a report by the centre for the study of democracy , a think-tank in sofia . 
  really sorry to hear that bulgaria . 
  hopefully you guys manage to eventually make some progress . 
  and keep the progress too , because as we see our countrymen prefer regress . 
   and the us puppet states in the balkans do not worry you the slightest ? 
  there are no us puppet states , just states that see that their interests lie with us rather than russia . 
   the actions you are referring to are a direct result ( as even stated by former nato generals ) of natos policy of encirclement . 
  they feel closterfobic with missiles pointed at their capital from so close to their borders . 
  that 's such bullshit and you know it . 
  russia is just mad that we 're not all helpless anymore and there for the taking . 
  missiles pointed at their capital ? 
  where ? 
  are you talking about the missile in our country ? 
  it 's a goddamn * defensive missile shield * . 
  they felt claustrophobic and decided to invade ukraine ? 
  maybe russia needs some counseling then . 
  someone to remind them that there will not be another soviet union . 
  truth is that because of putin and people supporting putin , russia is facing economical failure . 
  ** remember ** : besides the fact that nato is a defensive alliance , no nato country in their right mind would agree to a nato attack on russia . 
  the moment something like that happens , nato countries would immediately withdraw because that 's not what they signed up for . 
  nato countries are supposed to protect other nato countries if they are attacked , not attack russia without a good reason . 
  do you think anyone is willing to risk a nuclear war unless we have * no * other choice ( which means russia attacks ) ? 
  hell , an us official has stated that they 're not sure the us should risk nuclear war if estonia , a country that pays it 's 2 % of the gdp to nato , would be invaded by russia . 
  and this is a sentiment that i do not agree with at all . 
  i actually find it very worrying . 
  we have a saying here : `` when 10 people tell you you 're drunk , maybe you should go home and get some sleep . '', 
  yes . 
  i know the us has done their fair share of shit , but right now , they represent the protection we need in the face of an expansionist aggressive russia . 
  we have an ugly history with the russians . 
  it is in our interest that we keep them away from us . 
  we 're not partners with china in the way that you think . 
  there 's some trading going on , but that 's how far it goes . 
  social democrats here aimed before for closer relations with china and now they 're back into power , but i hope they stop . 
  you have to realize that russia 's relationship with eu and us only depends on russia 's actions and russia 's actions do not prove that they want better relations with the rest . 
  so far , russia has annexed a part of ukraine and they 're in a war with them . 
  and this is only recently . 
  that 's not a country i want my country to be partners with . 
  maybe , and that 's a big maybe , if they fix everything they fucked up , apologize and pay for it . 
  but this is out of the realm of possibilities . 
  besides , the general public here and in the baltic states hates russia very much . 
  and unlike most european countries , romania do n't actually depend on russia for gas . 
   if serbia does join ( current support is falling ) they will be a strong russian voice in the eu . 
  that is a fact . 
  and i think that will actually bring stability to europe . 
  will it , really ? 
  they 'd probably veto anything russia does n't like . 
  which is pretty much everything except for eu 's demise . 
  serbia is the only neighbour we did n't fight in war . 
  i 'm not sure if we should uphold our record or join the balkan trend . 
  just kidding of course . 
  :p on a more serious note , it is pretty clear that serbia still has close ties with russia and i do n't want to judge the whole country or damn a whole country in an outcast position or anything ( cause i 'm sure there are some who dislike this close relationship between them and russia ) , but the last thing we need is more instability in the eu . 
  the eu has enough problems as it is . 
  edit : of course , i 'd support serbia joining if they really want to , but i 'd hope they would n't create any major controversies . 
  o ^ ^ o ^ oh , baby , ca n't do this to me , * baby *, 
  ah , serbia , our silent neighbour . 
  it 's always the quiet ones . 
  so we should have been red and green, 
  it is irresponsible and unacceptable . 
  it 's stupid . 
  i totally agree .
