  you have morals . 
  god , for some , is just someone that makes them want to be good out of fear . 
  unfortunately , it 's not standard . 
  haha !, 
  yeah . . politicians are like that sometimes . 
  i always wondered why ... especially since there are already examples to be followed . 
  it 's not like they have to come up with it beyond making a few adaptations . 
  and it 's not like following the example of another country is a bad thing , especially when it works . 
  politicians should definitely listen to the experts ' opinions because it 's not like politicians are good at everything . 
  that 's true as well . 
  in the end , it works and i 'm glad your country has managed achieve that . 
   and we have chefs here at school as well i 've seen the moore documentary as well , we do n't have as fine meals as the french ( no michelin star meals with clams and lobsters lol ) but it 's good nutritious food none the less . 
  haha . 
  yes , all that matters is that they get a healthy meal . 
  hopefully one day our kids can enjoy that too . 
  thank you for your time !, 
  wrong thread buddy . 
  thank you for the details !, 
   i think the real good aspect of the finnish school system is that we use the time in class to learn . 
  like actually learn , not just go thru the subject and expect the pupils to figure out all the `` whys '' at home . 
  at home the kids usually do some homework , and for instance in math some of it might be `` advanced '' that tests if the student is now able to apply the new info they learnt to something . 
  we also have nice short classes . 
  no hours after hours in a classroom . 
  hour , maybe 1,5 tops in a class and then into a break . 
  and in elementary they make you go outside to get some fresh air before the next subject . 
  and we eat well . 
  there 's good proper healthy food for pupils . 
  you do n't have to bring your own food from home . 
  and the teachers are properly schooled in university . 
  they usually understand how to teach , not just go over some subject they studied somewhere . 
  that 's sounds very good to me . 
  here , pupils get tons of books and exercise notebooks and the school system is concerned with the theoretical side of things rather than both the theoretical and the practical . 
  a lot of kids learn useless stuff . 
  other times they learn useful stuff , but only from a book . 
  they never really do anything . 
  no experiments , no nothing . 
  maybe things are different in some of our private schools , i do n't know , but this is what usually happens in the public ones . 
  they also spend most of their time at school and then some of them go to after school and if they do n't do that some of them have all sorts of classes . 
  my niece , for example , goes to school , then to after school and then , during some days , goes to dance lessons . 
  so she leaves in the morning and gets back home in the evening . 
  plus , lots of homework but most of it gets done at `` after school '' . 
  also , the food ... kids usually get a croissant and some milk throughout elementary school , but nothing after that . 
  even the croissant and the milk are n't usually very good so parents , especially of the younger kids , prepare them sandwiches at home . 
  i saw in the same documentary that i mentioned in the post that in france , there 's an actual chief hired by the school to create menus for the kids and i was like `` omg why do n't we have that ? '' . 
  i mean , our last government began a process but they were an interim government so the new populist one will probably forget all about it . 
   averages . 
  we love averages . 
  if a school markets itself it uses the averages about how well it 's students are performing . 
  we do not have a proper system to assist those that are on either side of that scale , the really good students work with the really bad ones . 
  that might be good for a while , but there should be some system to give both sides more individual assistance in order to help them either out of the slump or keep them interested . 
   if you are a good student in elementary school you really do n't need to study much at all , and so you never learn how to study , until you realise that you 'd now need the skill in which case it might be too late . 
  i can understand how that could be a problem in the long run . 
  i guess the system could do both . 
  give individual assistance to each student 's level and guide them to work together . 
  it 's often said here that the finnish school system is based on cooperation rather than competitivity . 
   finnish school teachers are educated at university that happens everywhere though ? 
  i mean you ca n't be a teacher with just highschool ... 
  people use fireworks here and you can find people selling them too . 
  afaik , you 're not allowed to sell certain kids of fireworks , at least not without a permit , but it still happens , on `` the black market '' . 
  anyway , where i live , on the outskirts of the capital , we see fireworks every year . 
  since there 's not much traffic at that hour on new years , people put fireworks in the middle of the street . 
  [ here ] ( http://sendvid.com/qmvbclcz ) 's a very short video from last year , the view from my balcony . 
  tell that to them priests . 
  a lot of us do n't like it , but we 're still not the majority . 
  during 2016 with our interim government they did n't receive any money , as it should be , but now populists are taking the wheel and will probably help them in some way . 
   which nobody attends there are orthodox people in transylvania too . 
  truck , apartment ( mostly because in romanian it 's `` apartament '' ) , for rent . 
  - religious nutters wanting to change `` spouses '' to `` man and woman '' in the constitution . 
  - it was controversial for some and funny for others , but a famous news outlet once shared a piece of news on facebook about victor ponta , our ex prime minister . 
  thing is . . the guy manning the facebook account meant to share it on his personal page rather than the official news page . 
  he wrote , `` i hope you die , victor ponta ! '' . 
  those of us who hate his guts laughed so hard but psd fans were enraged . 
  the guy got fired though . 
  - politicians with foreign names . 
  they 're subject to propaganda by populist parties who `` wo n't sell our country to dem foreigners !! 1 ! '', 
  - not really an issue , no one talked much about it , but there was this one public person who wanted to start a petition to change the romanian `` yes '' word because `` it 's slavic and we ai n't slavs '' . 
  our word for yes is `` da '' . 
  - the construction of [ a big cathedral ] ( http://psnews.ro/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/catedrala.jpg.pagespeed.ce.ugehftwdio.jpg ) . 
  some artists even made a song about how `` god prefers wood and modesty '' because our priests are known for being za mafia . 
  there 's lots of stuff and i surely missed the most or the most important ones , but these came to mind . 
  we had the best government so far . 
  for one year ; 2016 , and we 're going back to shit now that elections are done , but at least we had it . 
  i 'm going to miss 2016 from this perspective so badly . 
  oh no ... now you did it . 
  who knows this year will end now . 
  physics was the worst for me . 
  thing is ... not being in schengen affects companies the most . 
  people only have to show their id passing the border , but movement of goods is a bit more complicated . 
  the netherlands is the country that opposes our entry in schengen the most . 
  [ we have tatars here . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tatars_of_romania ), 
  okay , troll . 
  there 's no goddamn discrimination . 
  your country may suck from many perspectives , but you can not even compare it to places like syria where there 's an actual war going on . 
  drugs in europe are n't legal , they 're decriminalized . 
  and it 's just few countries who have this . 
  wtf . 
  you do not legally qualify for asylum . 
  - no one leaves the eu . 
  uk leaves fast so we can move on .
