  oh , yeah , i remember seeing that on tv . 
  sorry , there 's a lot of info coming from the us and sometimes i confuse it . 
  wise man . 
  what did he say ? 
  is it that thing i heard about how he only cares about us and that 's all ? 
   i 'd be curious how romanians feel about the whole situation my personal opinion is that it was a shitshow . 
  there was no way romania could have stayed neutral , but we tried . 
  the alliance with germany happened after a coup organized by ion antonescu , a nazi , good friends with hitler . 
  no , i 'm not comfortable with that , but i also realize that we were not in a great position . 
  i do admit that most romanians do n't know that there was a romanian holocaust and that is something that bothers me because i think that more awareness in general would be beneficial for our perspective . 
  maybe if we were allied with su from the beginning , things would have been different , but it is what it is and at that time , neither germany or su were anything even remotely close to representing `` the good side '' . 
  there was no good side between the two . 
  we did pay for it with almost 50 years of communism . 
  we are one of the few states that really got a fucked up deal at the end of the war . 
   honestly , a lot of romanians barely even know we were in the axis ... 
  i agree that most people do n't know about the holocaust that took place here , but that we were part of the axis ? 
  sounds a bit too much , i do n't know . 
   we were stuck between two bad options and picked one . 
  we did n't pick a side though . 
  the coup happened . 
   as such , a fair amount of people saw ( and still see ) antonescu as a patriot , if a misguided one , and some even as a hero . 
  people who look at antonescu as a hero are disgusting retards . 
   speaking for others in their stead , huh ? 
  as if you know what they thought . 
  those who lived through wwii were either killed by the communists , died or dying of old age . 
  i personally know people who have lived through wwii . 
  i also read about accounts . 
  it 's true . 
  russian soldiers were generally viewed as worse than german soldiers . 
   what is to be shameful ? 
  become occupied like the czechoslovakians & poland by germany ( with su , in poland ) or become occupied by the su . 
  just because we did n't have any choice does n't make it any less shameful , especially since we 've contributed to the holocaust . 
  although i despise antonescu 's coup , and despite our initial neutrality , i know very well we would have ended on one side or the other eventually . 
  but romania has it 's fair share of things to be ashamed about . 
  we did pay for it though . 
  and we continue to do so , in a way . 
   he was n't elected because of some sort of outstanding attributes , he was elected just because `` he 's german '' . 
  well , do you mean reposts or the fact that more and more equipment is deployed in eastern europe ? 
  i think it 's good . 
  we need to keep the americans on our side . 
  at least until we can have a decent european army that will have a similar article 5 . 
  i 'm not saying that we should n't be allies with us if that eu army is established , but with trump things are always uncertain so it 's good to be productive . 
  and people who lived through wwii in my country , who were not jewish or roma , saw the german soldiers in a slightly better light than the russian soldiers . 
  that 's because when they came to our country , we were allies , so the german soldiers treated romanians better than russian soldiers ( they are described by some as kinder than the russians and more educated ) , except for jews and roma , who were deported to death camps . 
  of course , we 'd eventually become allies with the su too , but su still raped and killed romanians when they occupied romania because of our previous alliance . 
  we 've gotten along with germany most of the time even if our alliance in wwii is shameful . 
  we 've got a president of german ethnicity and most romanians see germans in a good light . 
   thinking of your leader as a dictator is n't a precondition for your country being a dictatorship . 
  did n't say it was . 
  but my point still stands . 
  we 're not talking about north korean people who have no access to information , we 're not talking about people who do n't know what 's right or wrong , we 're talking about who know what 's wrong and choose it . 
  putin does n't just hurt everyone else , he 's hurting his own people and his people accept it and deem him as `` strong '' . 
  people in russia who 'd deem him as a dictator are a minority . 
  you 've certainly used that word a lot with people here and it happened every time you did n't agree with them so i will not take that to heart , especially since it 's coming from someone narrow minded enough to think they can label me as that for an opinion . 
   ( most of which is controlled by the state ) is n't anybody in that country bothered by this in the least ? 
  i refuse to believe that in a country that big there is no opposition , there are no youth movements , no intellectual elite to try to help the people see the light . 
  no one to fight the propaganda . 
  this is ridiculous if you ask me . 
  there must be people in russia who reject the leadership and their control over media enough to start some sort of projects of awareness . 
   separated from outside by a language barrier as in ... not enough people know english to access foreign media and see new perspectives ? 
  well , i do n't see it in a good light either , and most of my countrymen dislike russia , but i was arguing that the majority of the russian people do n't see putin as a dictator . 
  and that it 's not because they do n't know any better , it 's because they like him the way he is . 
  hey , i was just trying to talk to you , but damn , you 're always so stingy . 
  whatever , man . 
  is it a dictatorship if most people love him ? 
  i mean ... it 's not like pre 1989 when communist countries were so cut off from the west they had no idea about different ways of life . 
  the russians have access to that , but they choose putin . 
  his approval ratings are quite high . 
   ex on the beach what the ... are people going to the beach and meeting their ex or what ? 
  hahaha . 
  partly because he 's in bed with the russians and partly because he upholds this idea of moldova as an independent country . 
  he wants to pull out of the association pact with eu and enter the eurasian economic union . 
  and it 's not like we do n't recognize it 's a different country * now * , but , for example , he recently changed the official language of the presidential site from romanian to moldovan . 
  there 's no such thing as moldovan . 
  it 's basically romanian with very few words different . 
  there are three types of people in moldova : 1 . 
  moldovans that want to unite with romania and know that moldova is rightful romanian land annexed by the soviets . 
  many suffered back then . 
  moldovans who buy into the whole `` moldovan identity '' thing that is , like i said , pretty much a stalinist concept . 
  of course moldovans exist , but the word `` moldovan '' refers to inhabitants of a certain territory in romania that was divided in wwii . 
  `` moldovan identity '' is a concept that tries to erase the romanian background . 
  they do n't want either romanians or russians to interfere . 
  and funny thing , i think it was their president , dodon , who said ( anyway if it was n't him , it was a moldovan politician ) that if romania wants to unite , they should unite with moldova under `` greater moldova '' or something like that . 
  they also keep talking about how romania , by talking about unification , is trying to destroy their country , to attack their sovereignty and identity , to oppress them . 
  and talking about `` oppression '' , dodon was just complaining that romania offers too many scholarships to young moldovans and that it is a tool of propaganda . 
  russians and fans of russia . 
   i do n't believe people can change anything here . 
  they can if they want to , but it would have to be a really massive movement . 
  and it is n't just about throwing putin off , it 's also about finding someone capable and reasonable to take his place . 
  someone different who values harmony within europe . 
  not to mention s/he 'd have to deal with the ukraine situation . 
   i chose to live in inner emigration . 
  i consider myself living in occupied land . 
  what does this mean ? 
  what is this question ?? 
  and why here ? 
  but to give you an answer , fellow romanian ( or moldovan ? 
  ) , i do n't see it happening any time soon . 
  i see moldova as rightful romanian land and the country moldova is basically a stalinist concept , but i do n't think a unification will happen any time soon . 
  if it 'll happen at all .
