  the article is in turkish and i was busy when they went into breaking news on digi24 so i 'm not sure who 's responsible . 
  if this is the first piece to a wwiii domino i 'm gon na find that gunman and punch him in the throat no , but seriously ... i hope things do n't escalate and they cooperate, 
  and i suppose this will bring back tensions right ? 
  unless it 's proven he was just a psycho edit : apparently reuters says he 's dead . 
  oh god , here we go, 
  stop showing off your damn liberal laws we 're jealous :(, 
  maybe he should stop causing tensions himself  but i do agree that 2017 will probably be just as fucked up as 2016, 
  let us have this one thing for once goddamn it, 
  when are you gon na post the results ? 
  i thought so too because of :  i currently live in a czech republic, 
  i 'm sorry but this sounds immature if you ask me . 
   they just scream in their language and are useless . 
  what 's wrong with them using their own language ? 
   west eu kids or mature people , they try to talk in english that does n't make them special or anything . 
  it 's a shield ffs, 
  me too , me too . 
  this reply right here is the result of a isolationist propaganda . 
  first of all , we do not live with the crumbs germany throws at us . 
  we 've voluntarily made the decision to enter a union of countries that generally have the same interests , principles and goals . 
  every country gives and receives from the eu . 
  it 's how a union works . 
   we will always stand up for our national interests and continue our own unique path . 
  it 's pretty sad you say that with pride knowing that your country is constantly looking for opportunities to create chaos in other countries . 
  keep up the good work , comrade !, 
   the economy is far from collapse and is projected to start to grow next year . 
  we 'll live and we 'll see . 
  you keep annexing territories and we might just isolate you completely . 
  i do n't know about other european countries , but we do not rely on russia at all . 
  not even for gas . 
  you 're so blind , you ca n't even see that your own government is actively taking actions that hurt your economy , your credibility , your image ... everything . 
  i wo n't even mention the suffering it brought upon its neighbour country . 
   i am not jealous to say the least . 
  [ you 've been brainwashed . 
  of course you 're not . 
  ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/xt77xgggwsmn9ummkk/giphy.gif )  and if that means bad relations with some far away empire in the west why are these relations getting bad ? 
  because you have an aggressive foreign policy . 
   who cares ? 
  right ... who cares about pesky little things like other countries ' borders and human lives . 
   you care nothing about human rights , russia has no place to speak about human rights . 
  your state ca n't even properly grasp the concept of human rights . 
   you are weak vassal states whose only purpose is to erect the laws your masters tell you to erect . 
  you do n't know the first thing about the countries your country used to butcher up until the 90s . 
  and you do n't know anything about the concept of being united for a better future . 
  the eu may not be perfect , but at least we 're trying to work for a better future and not waging war on our neighbours . 
  it 's relative though : he 's literally fucking up his country 's economy with his actions just because he can . 
  i 'm not saying he 's not a clever person , but who 's interest is he following ? 
  is it the russians ' interest or his own ? 
  what is he exactly trying to achieve with his actions if not some cold war sphere of influence of sorts and a cold war tension ? 
  i think russians and putin have a hard time living with the idea that they 're not as big and strong as the soviet union was . 
  this is not from timisoara though . 
  it 's from bucharest . 
  nato would never attack russia . 
  there is no scenario in which nato would gain anything from a nuclear war with russia . 
  logically , russia does n't have anything to gain either , but the difference is that russia is controlled by a power hungry unpredictable maniac who has already attacked another country recently . 
  you 're being too dramatic about psd . 
  they wo n't sell us to the russians . 
  calm down . 
  i already explained why they would n't do that . 
  russian overlords are not like eu or american overlords . 
  they would n't lead happy lives at all . 
  well , you better prepare to fight in a resistance movement then . 
  / s i 'm sure trump does n't run the country alone . 
  there are decisions that he can not take by himself . 
   heck , the idiot would be capable of using eastern europe as a bargaining chip to get american companies some good contracts in russia or some other stupid bullshit . 
  do you think he 's stupid enough to think it 's worth losing influence in more than five countries to open a market in a country where the profits , i imagine , would be way lower than what eu has to offer ? 
  and more than that , do you think trump or those around him want a stronger russia ? 
  sounds unlikely to me . 
  what would the west say ? 
  russia would be right on their doorstep . 
  then again , i also think that even if this ludicrous thing would happen , russia would have a very , very hard time controlling these territories . 
  if they 'd be able to at all . 
  for your own safety , i 'm gon na assume you meant * roma , italia * . 
  that 's pretty clear . 
  if a nato country is invaded and other countries do n't do anything , that would be the end of it because there would be no point in it . 
  and i , for one , would like if our country responded the call regardless of what percent the country invaded spends on defense . 
  maybe we wo n't be of much help , but this kind of solidarity is what nato was built for . 
  mainly is about securing support from other countries who have made comments about not supporting countries which do n't pay their share . 
  that money would also help our military , i 'm sure . 
  maybe not enough , but it 's good to have it nevertheless . 
  yes , you 're very right about the nato spending and how important it is , not just to the members themselves , but to how nato is viewed . 
  however , i feel like western nations who are not yet spending their 2 % ( spain , germany , italy , belgium , the netherlands , etc. ), 
  do n't increse the spending because they do n't think russia or other countries present any threat to them . 
  many times on / r/europe i 've seen people from these countries saying that they do n't understand why they have to use the money on nato spending if no one 's threatening them and that this is just a problem the east has . 
  i find this disheartening to be honest . 
  yes , of course , i agree . 
  but hypothetically speaking , it would suck if russia would declare war on us today and nato would be like `` not at 2 % yet ? 
  haha , sucks to be you romania !, 
  cheers , * comrade * . 
   '' then again , we are a strategic country that the us is quite interested into ( which is partially reassuring ) , has soldiers and equipment here so i 'm not very sure how that situation would actually turn out . 
  i 'm just happy the party that won the recent election seems to agree that this should be done . 
  i 'm also happy that we can finally step out of the uncertain `` if you do n't spend x you wo n't get any back up '' zone . 
   i wish the world could agree to decrease the budget of military in every country and not the opposite ... well , as a french person i imagine you do n't have many worries over trump or russia . 
  romania and the east do have some worries . 
  while trump seems to have chilled down somewhat , russia is still a threat . 
  better safe than sorry mon ami, 
  we know that formally you 're actually called `` republica ceh\u0103 '' but we usually just call you `` cehia '', 
  i 'm sure they will be fine . 
  and anyway , so far , it 's europeans who have been attacked and whatnot . 
  they have more reasons to be scared of the future . 
  i knew it should have replied with the lyrics in glorious latin,
