  i think that in countries like bulgaria , the common man can do very much ... from protests to creating new parties with genuine intentions . 
  thing is ... these two things require the common man make to sacrifice his time and a lot of the times , he gives up because he has no hope . 
  you know ... the whole `` what 's the point in trying ? '' . 
  all i can say is that good long lasting changes do n't happen overnight , as i 've witnessed . 
  they require commitment . 
  we got lucky because when our government fell , we got this apolitical government that showed us , or at least to some of us , that things can be done differently too . 
  still , the main corrupt party has a big and disciplined electorate while the others do not . 
   all parties pay lip service to fighting corruption , when they get power they do nothing . 
  at least the economy is doing well , if the socialist party does n't win the spring election the economy will probably be fine . 
  most parties were like that here too . 
  now a lot of them formed a common ground against the dna , trying to sabotage them . 
  and it works for a part of the electorate who really thinks dna is investigating innocent people . 
  i hope the results of the parliamentary election will be in the benefit of the bulgarian people and not the interest of corrupt or populist politicians . 
  yeah ... read these things about the new president . 
  the government party 's strategy sounds quite strange to me though . 
  like ... sounds more like drama . 
  even if the interpretation of the vote was right , would n't they rather stay and fix the government rather than just resign ? 
  if they 're against the new president , they could even show the people that they can also do good without being from the same branch . 
  just try to listen to the people 's concern . 
  people are n't always reasonable though . 
  like the ones who always ask for taxes to be cut and salaries/pensions to increase without realizing that that 's not always possible or that simple if the economy is n't stable enough . 
  i hope so too . 
  it 'd be sad to see bulgaria go down . 
  i mean , i heard bulgaria always had closer ties with russia than romania for some reason . 
  used to be considered brotherhood nations or something at one point in history ? 
  do people think that a russian influence in the country will bring them a better life ? 
  is it just that they 're sick of the west and the americans ? 
  what did this guy promise to win with such big support ? 
  sorry if i sound like a prick or anything , i 'm just trying to understand the situation and whether or not he won with populist promises or for the fact that he 's pro russian . 
  patience you must have my young padawan . 
  but seriously ... what 's the situation like in bulgaria ? 
  i keep hearing that corruption is prevailing for a lack of a similar anti corruption agency in the country ( and another bulgarian on this subreddit was complaining that eu has not imposed a similar thing in bulgaria yet it keeps judging bulgaria for corruption ) , but how are the people ? 
  how do they react ? 
  are there any protests ? 
  any new parties that seem like they really want to battle corruption ? 
  we still have our psd and alde electorate who keeps voting those corrupt idiots ( as in ... the mentality has not changed for a lot of romanians ) and there 's a real threat with the parliamentary elections in december . 
   it probably is your flair that is triggering a little bit . 
  assuming that you are one of `` those '' russians . 
  to be fair , / r/europe is a bit aggressive against open discussion with russian users . 
  and i 'm saying this as one of these posters who judges russia a lot . 
  not that some russian commenters here make it easy , but it 's good to keep a civil conversation when the other party may be just misguided instead of ill intentioned . 
  good job , future romanian clay \u0298 \u203f \u0298, 
  not necessarily . 
  but even if that would be a case , i would n't do without it . 
  dat romanian growth ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  you 're right , this is aimed at a uneducated audience who will buy into this bullshit . 
  it 's the war on information . 
  most people with common sense will recognize this as propaganda . 
  just russia being russia . 
  i also really find it ironic that a country which behaves aggressively with its neighbours has the nerve to talk so much about nazi this and nazi that . 
   romania also has interests in moldova which russia currently occupies in the form of transnistria . 
  i really hope we stop following this silly dream . 
  the majority of the moldovans do n't want to unite with romania , but some romanians do n't seem to get this . 
  besides , a unification with moldova would lead to a economical struggle inside the country and another political conflict with russia ( maybe even more than that ) . 
  after dodon won the election ( even though a lot of the moldovan diaspora could n't vote because each disapora voting section had only 3000 bulletins so i do n't know how the absence of this issue would have turned out in the election ) it is clear that romania and moldova will be even more divided . 
  the dude is a 100 % kremlin puppet . 
  it 'd be nice for moldova to join the eu or just be independent from russia 's influence , but for the moment , that 's a pipe dream . 
   several thousand during nato missions defending * romanian interests * ? 
  when ? 
  when ? 
  yeah , but the agreement was n't like that was it ? 
  each country how much it can . 
  it 's the same effort in the end , maybe even a bigger effort for us . 
  you 'll get used to it , dear canadian . 
  it 's no surprise to germans . 
  most specifically to estonians . 
  and to be fair , there 's insults all around this place too and not just towards russia as a comparable situation . 
  so i do n't think it should be a big deal what one russian dude on the internet says . 
  oh god the name makes me cringe . 
  i 'm not sure about federalization though . 
  i have yet to decide . 
  i 'm not totally against it or anything , but there are things to be considered and i just do n't feel like i know what that means 100 % so i do n't want to make a call yet . 
  oh , right , well yeah . 
  like i said . . it just seems petty to criticize romania so much for not yet reaching 2 % when richer , more economically stable countries have n't either . 
  this is whataboutism , but i 've already had enough fights with british people on this subject to get tired of explaining . 
  besides , as i mentioned , nato is n't just sacrificing its resources for * freeloading * romania 's security , it also gains access to what both the us and the west know is a strategic country . 
  it 's always been our bad lack . 
  i would very much like it if we were n't . 
  many fellow romanians ask `` why ca n't we be neutral ? '', 
  and the answer is always the same . 
  you ca n't be this close to russia and neutral . 
   just because others are freeloading does n't mean others are n't as well !, 
  i do n't understand this sentence, 
  `` no you hang up '' * boom * ** wwiii **, 
  yeah . 
  i think that 's it . 
  good point . 
   each other 's most natural allies i thought that in uk 's and us 's point of view , countries like canada and australia are more favorable as allies than europe . 
  anglosphere and all . 
   it is hard for romania but it 's also hard for estonia yet they did it . 
  and we will do it too . 
  just wait a bit longer . 
   obviously , everyone recognises that this ca n't just happen by magic overnight . 
  not everyone here it seems . 
   personally i think the uk should remain committed to defending our nato allies , but that commitment is harder if countries do n't seem to be interested in funding their own defence . 
   it is very annoying that some we countries are n't pulling their weight . 
  i agree with you and i am very genuine when i say that romania is not at 1.5 % for a lack of interest , but rather because of a economic struggle . 
  we will deliver , but it 's happening at a slower rate . 
  the thing that people here do n't realize is that this is n't just about helping romania , as if only romania suffers if something happens , but for the fact that romania is a strategic country . 
  we are one of the countries with most nato troops and equipment in it because we are also a strategic point .
