  the colectiv protest had several people going from protester to protester and making lists of what changes they 'd like to see . 
  the most popular changes among people were shared on social media with everyone else . 
  so people can actually make objectives . 
  when there 's no one to back them in the established political circle , the people , if committed enough , will create their own parties , they 'll offer `` their own people '' . 
  some will succeed and some will not , but it matters when citizens take initiatives like that . 
  i think it 's part of the process of becoming a healthy democracy . 
  one big major problem within our culture is that not enough people vote . 
  some do n't vote because they do n't want to , others think they do n't have anyone to vote for because they do n't have a party that represents their interests 100 % . 
  personally , i find this line of thinking wrong . 
  i mean i understand it , but considering what we have on the political scene , it is rather important to not give the worst of all your support by not voting . 
  `` toate partidele , aceeasi mizerie '' is a wrong message in the current political climate of our country . 
  yes , most of them are a mess , at least to a certain point , but they are not the same kind of mess and nor are they at the same level . 
  i think that unlike the west , who have already experienced with this , we need to give the right a chance from time to time . 
  i voted for iohannis and despite his faults , i do not regret choosing him over ponta . 
  i think iohannis and the ciolos government were a breath of fresh air that showed us that things can be done differently . 
  sure , i 'm not holding my breath for the parliamentary elections , but i do think that iohannis + ciolos gave some people the confidence to vote again , even if the parties they 'll have to vote for are far from being perfect . 
   if there is n't a viable alternative that we can change to , if the system is n't set up right , no amount of protests will change anything at all . 
  then again , no one really had `` technocrats '' in mind at first either , just `` capable '' people . 
  i think that if people are smart enough to recognize and not to accept the same kind of deal , but wrapped up differently , the system will provide them with what they want in order to avoid nasty stuff , like what happened in ukraine . 
   but the western mentality of `` if you cry hard enough change happens '' is simply childish . 
  well , people , including me , cried hard enough to get that fucker ponta and his people out of the government . 
  it was the best thing yet . 
  sorry you do n't feel the same . 
  you 're exaggerating right now . 
  jesus , this sub if full of romanians who might as well say that it 's still pre-1989, 
   please ... that was n't a homophobic attack , just drunken assholes looking for an opportunity to be assholes . 
  they would have done the same shit if that were a hello kitty parade . 
  they overheard them speaking dutch and followed them to rob them because they knew they had money not because they were gay . 
  just two of them were dutch . 
  and besides , these are all your assumptions . 
  i 've been to these events , i know what nd supporters are like and people are warned multiple times by the event 's security to be careful as they leave . 
   worries being subject to a physical attack because of your skin color , ethnic origin or religion ... 
  very low where ? 
  under certain circumstances ? 
  come to my part of the town any time of the day or night , you 'll have a big surprise . 
   but is n't this the case everywhere ? 
   in the past 27 years since we 've had actual news on tv , i do n't actually remember ever having seen a homophobic incident , like a hate crime or anything even remotely violent . 
  [ is that why we were taken to the cedo court and romania had to pay a fine for our police not properly investigating a case of physical harm against some individuals after a pride parade ? ] ( http://stirileprotv.ro/stiri/actualitate/romania-obligata-de-cedo-sa-plateasca-despagubiri-unor-participanti-la-marsul-gay-din-iunie-2006-ce-s-a-intamplat-atunci.html ) . 
  so not just violence , but police misconduct . 
  what you 're saying is not true . 
  there have been incidents . 
  besides , not all of them are reported . 
  sorry , i think i 'm being very dense right now , but are you saying usr is a right wing populist party or did i interpret this whole thing wrong ? 
  is there anyone pro eu in this election ? 
  why would n't it be safe to vote for usr ? 
  err ... i do n't really know what to tell you . 
  it 's complicated , but i 'll try to be honest . 
  lgbt rights are recognized in romania , but romania is still a pretty homophobic country . 
  i do n't really see lgbt couples on the street ( granted , i do n't go out that much ) and most prefer to go out after dark to lgbt themed nightclubs . 
  i 'm not gon na lie to you , there have been violent incidents in romania involving lgbt before so i ca n't tell you that you 'd be safe from danger . 
  it 's sad , but i 'd rather be honest with you than risking your safety . 
  you do n't know when you may bump into an idiot that wants to do more than just yell some homophobic slurs . 
  yeah , i can see that and i can see how the situation is favorable because we did n't have to really face the refugee crisis that much ( they did n't want to come , but those who did seem to be doing alright ) , but he 's right . 
  unless pru gets the 5 % for the parliament that is . 
  no need to be ashamed , there 's always time to learn new stuff . 
  it 's easy to know more about bigger countries such as france and spain and i admit that i do n't know much about certain smaller european countries either . 
  here 's an [ intro ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=znqanbwup50 ) tho . 
  it 's more of a touristy intro , but anything else can be easily googled . 
   `` the latvian government is undertaking too many actions suggestive of imminent war , like military exercises on a scale unseen in the last 25 years and civil defense drills that feel like preparation for an invasion or a nuclear strike , '' he says . 
  there 's no way nato would attack russia . 
  not only would it be a stupid , nonsensical move , but it would make most members condemn and leave nato immediately , because they signed up for a defensive alliance . 
  this is the kind of talk that putin needs to support his `` poor russia , everyone is trying to attack it . 
  we 're just trying to maintain our security . 
  ~ ~ by invading other countries ~ ~ '' . 
   such views are typical of the region . 
  andrejs elksnin\u0161 , a national parliament deputy from daugavpils , latvia 's second-largest city , has a long list of grievances tied to sanctions . 
  yes , it 's a loss , but it 's not that bad . 
  latvia is n't crumbling . 
  like the rest of the baltics , it 's doing better than most of the other eastern states and had a significant growth since it joined the eu . 
  the sanctions are a price you pay to show russia that it can not do as it likes and get away with it . 
   president klaus iohannis expressed hope that the december 11 parliamentary election will reaffirm the reality that there are no extremist parties in the parliament of romania . 
   `` romania is a country where the european spirit manifests itself as a matter of course , without divisive xenophobic or anti-european tendencies . 
  it 's a country whose parliament does not include extremist parties -- and i hope that the parliamentary election of december 11 reaffirms this reality . 
  a country which , through its open society , its economic performance , the demeanor to the citizens and its referencing to the european construction makes a solid contribution to the preservation of the european union 's unity which is now needed more than ever , '' iohannis said on friday in kerkrade , the netherlands , where he was presented with the martin buber plaque of the euriade foundation . 
   the president said that romania is `` a state where dialogue between national minorities can provide a genuine model of promoting interculturalism and cultural diversity . ''  iohannis went on by saying that , as a country on the outer border of the eu and nato , romania takes the responsibility to project stability and democratic values in this neighborhood and that it is diligently preparing for taking over the presidency of the council of the eu in 2019 , which is a `` test of romania 's european maturity . ''  the president recalled that the treaty on the european union was signed 25 years ago , and stressed that next year will see the tenth anniversary of romania 's eu accession . 
   `` it 's a particularly important anniversary for europe , especially in this period when the solidity of the european project is put to the test . 
  very soon we will also celebrate 10 years since romania joined the union on january 1 , 2007 and thus reconfirmed its deeply european history . 
  one decade since our return to the community of values we have always known we belong to , the romanians strongly believe in the european project , in its ability to ensure peace , democracy and prosperity . 
  the romanian citizens are indeed the most favorable to the union of all the member states ' citizens , '' said president iohannis . 
   the romanian head of state also said that he strongly believes in the continuing relevance of the european project , especially in the current context when it is faced with serious challenges . 
   `` i am convinced that a pragmatic and coherent union , a more flexible and more credible union that is close to its citizens , a union that respects its fundamental values and principles represents the way for us to advance towards a prosperous , strong and secure europe . 
  ( ... ) romania is convinced that only the member states ' unity can prevent the division tendencies which , unfortunately , are manifested these days inside the union , '' he said . 
   president iohannis underscored that the whole world is faced with challenges of unprecedented scale in recent decades , the most acute of which are the migration crisis , terrorism , the brexit , populism , and the challenges to the rule of law . 
   `` it is our duty to find together real and visionary solutions for the future of the european union and of its citizens . 
  we need to ensure economic growth , new jobs -- especially for young people -- economic and social cohesion and , above all , internal and external security , '' added the head of the state , voicing his conviction that the eu will emerge stronger from this period when its resistance is being put to test . 
   klaus iohannis thanked the president of the euriade foundation , prof. dr. werner janssen , and the entire board of the foundation for the distinction received . 
   `` the award of this plaque honors me because it is a reference to ` the philosophy of dialogue ' promoted by martin buber . 
  the belief in the force of dialogue has always guided me in private life and in the public life i set in the service of the citizen , '' concluded president iohannis . 
  they 're not really pro kremlin . 
  if anything , they 'd be closer to the chinese perhaps . 
  but yes , being openly pro russian in romania is political suicide . 
  psd is not pro kremlin . 
  yeah well tbh idk what op is trying to achieve since he put n urss and yugoslavia on the list and none of those exist anymore . 
  edit : divided germany and czechoslovakia, 
  romania has a [ small part ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/balkans#/media/file:karte_suedosteuropa_03_01.png ) of its territory in the balkan area but i think southeastern is the best one can name that group, 
  but le pen was actually involved in business with russia . 
  [ x ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/le-pen-russia-crimea-putin-money-bank-national-front-seeks-russian-cash-for-election-fight/ ), 
  [ well , it 's never too late  ] ( http://www.reportervirtual.ro/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/80487bf85570e239536d8052411882c865a7f8c9.jpg ), 
  which shows you that they are in no way interested to make things better . 
  edit : for clarification , i mean eurosceptics,
