  i vote for latin . 
  just to spite everyone . 
  i know this wo n't happen , but it 's nice to see other countries stand for such rights . 
  and let 's remember that visa refusals are subjective decisions . 
  it says that romania and canada have come to an agreement after romania refused canada 's offer to lift visas in 2018 . now , canada will be lifting visas in may 2017 for those who have already been to canada before and in december 2017 for all romanians . 
  our president says that following this agreement , romania has no reason to veto the deal anymore . 
  so the remaining problem is in belgium because wallonia is opposed to the deal . 
  apparently there have been talks and wallonia recognized that ceta has been improved but said that they need more time to reflect on it . 
  romania wanted visas lifted for canada for a long time . 
  here comes ceta . 
  romania has veto power over the deal , as the other countries . 
  canada said it 'll lift the visas in may 2018 . romania said * no , make it 2017 or we veto * . 
  if that happens , it happens . 
  their right to veto as was ours . 
  but canada would n't get a deal either so that would affect them too . 
  and yes , we get it , you do n't like us . 
  move on . 
  what we know so far is that people who have already been in canada ( for example , have family there , etc. ), 
  will no longer need visas from may 2017 and those who have n't will no longer need visas from december 2017 . 
  from what i understand , the overstay rate is no longer a problem . 
  the remaining problem is the visa refusal rate , which is a subjective process . 
  well , i think that as a whole , romanians want to be treated fairly . 
  we 're in a union and every other member is treated fairly by the trading partner we 're negotiating with . 
  it 's not just bad for the country in question , aka romania , but also for the union . 
  the union itself should have asked for this . 
  individuals have different reasons for wanting this to happen and i think the most dominant reason is that the bureaucracy of it sucks . 
  then there 's the businesses and businessmen who consider the visa an obstacle , but i do n't know much about this . 
  someone explained it in another sub , a while back , but i ca n't recall much . 
  dacian ciolos was very firm in his statement about this . 
  no deal until the visas . 
  and he 'll still be pm by the time the signing takes place . 
  i have a feeling that we 'll either get it or it 'll be postponed . 
  so wait . . maybe my english is broken . 
  are you saying that romania was given unofficial promise for a 2017 date ? 
  or that canada gave romanian explications as to why the date has to be in 2018 ? 
  either way , at this very moment , romania has asked for a 2017 date and did n't receive a reply . 
  the signing is very soon . 
  i 'd hope romania keeps its position unless a solution is provided . 
   all 28 eu governments support the planned comprehensive economic and trade agreement nope . 
  also . . was n't austria opposed as well ? 
  holy molly that 's so much for so little . 
  you 're underestimating : 1 . the power of the church and religion over people and how many of them are willing to go out in the streets if they think they 've been wronged 2 . the power of psd , who 'd surely scream bloody murder, 
  i honestly think sweden , along with finland and norway , are such amazing countries with such great development in most areas . 
  if romania was to make civil partnership legal today , without the consensus of the people , there would be massive protests for two reasongs : 1 . these people would hate the minority even more , at least in the short term period 2 . they would deem it as dictatorial move since it would be done without the consensus of the majority of the people . 
  the church has amazing influence on the people here . 
  i think it would be great if the state could make sure the people , especially the younger ones , are getting a good education on the matter so they will realize that although they might not like this minority , that does n't give them the right to deny said minority its rights . 
   president klaus iohannis stated on wednesday that he will support at the european council meeting the importance of maintaining the unity of the european union ( eu ) on the grounds of joint agreed principles , in regards to the relation with the russian federation . 
   `` at the meeting probably the second day we will tackle also the foreign relations of the eu , where the emphasis is on the relationship with the russian federation . 
  in regards to this matter i will support the importance of maintaining the union 's unity on the grounds of the joint agreed principles . 
  ( ... ) , '' the head of state said in a press conference held at the cotroceni palace . 
   he pointed out that the relation with the russian federation will be discussed from the perspective of the situation in siria , context in which iohannis announced that he will endorse the necessity of a responsible involvement in order to find some sustainable solutions to this crisis . 
   `` in our opinion , the emergency cease of indiscriminate bombardment in aleppo is needed and in general the immediate cease of hostilities in syria , and also it is necessary to create conditions for the access of the humanitarian aids . 
  moreover the resumption of the political negotiation process , which no doubt ca n't be replaced by a military solution is required , '' iohannis underlined . 
   the head of state mentioned that at the european council meeting which will take place on thursday and friday in brussels , the matter regarding the migration management will be also discussed , as well as the implementation stage of the mobility packages concluded between the eu and third states such as mali , niger , nigeria , senegal , ethiopia . 
  pfff . 
  ruined my own pun w my stupidity . 
  top kek, 
  i wish there was a chance for change , but realistically , i do n't see such change in the next 10 years . 
  that 's a bit ignorant tho ... do you automatically assume that someone who smokes is uneducated ? 
  no they ca n't . 
  eu can not legally kick out a country . 
  and they would n't agree with you either . 
  it 's not a threat at all . 
  it 's mainly something that we consider important enough to use our veto power over . 
  canada has all the right in the world to say * no * , as we do have to veto the deal . 
  i 'm inclined to think that if us continues to support nato cooperation , which happens in a really significant way in our country , they will be willing to negotiate . 
   and romania is using its position in the eu to solve a problem that is between romania and canada . 
  that 's just taking hostage the eu . 
  under eu laws , eu members have to be treated equally . 
  the eu by themselves should have asked for this if they truly cared for those eu laws . 
   you 're getting a shitload of money from europe , your citiziens are speading all over the eu like madmen and now you 're vetoing treaties ? 
  we need a way to kick out those rogue states , that 's what . 
  romania is more problems than it worth . 
  you 're delusional . 
  the eu has stated that romania does n't use enough eu funds and that it should use more . 
  and we 're here to stay for the moment , so enjoy being forced to hear our voice on matter such as treaties . 
  our voice , for now , says * no , thank you * . 
   should n't be able to veto anything why not a dictatorship while we 're at it . 
  i 'd hope so . 
  it 's not just about the government making sure our rights as eu citizens are respected , but also making a point within the eu that we can not make trading deals when not all members are being viewed or treated the same as the majority . 
   it 's important that the eu shows that it is a dependable negotiating partner , especially in times of brexit . 
  * who cares about the rights of other countries as long as i get what i want ? 
  it 's not like we 're in a union of some sorts . 
  * the eu does n't just have a responsibility to establish good trade deals and a status , but it also has a responsibility to make sure the members of the union have full rights and that those rights are respected . 
  i 'd say the latter should come first , if we 're to look like an actual good trading partner to anyone . 
  ceta failing depends entirely on canada 's priorities . 
  government is the pm and the ministers . 
  thank you !, 
  can you also tell who got the rest ? 
  congrats to us !, 
  the only difference here is that the uk is going through a temporary phase where the rest of the eu is still mildly upset . 
  ignoring politicians and those meant to exactly stir up emotions ( like bad quality journalists ) , quite a large number of normal people did get upset at the uk because of the #brexit , even if they agree that this was a democratic vote which should be respected . 
  eastern europe , however , dealt with arrogance and hateful comments and attitudes for as long as i can remember , and a lot of comments like that , when directed at us , are n't jokes . 
  it 's something you learn to live with because there is n't much we can do . 
  unlike the uk , no matter how much we 'll thrive as a country , we 'll still be seen as those * poor bastards who steal jobs * or whatever . 
  but i know that there are also people who know better than that . 
  most of us ( romanians ) , when we 're labelled thieves or other stuff in a ** joking ** way , and i do believe that comment up there was meant to be a joke , we brush it off and laugh . 
  make a comeback . 
  as long as that person is n't serious , and i do n't think they were , it 's just banter . 
  at the end of the day , if you ask them , a lot of people still like the uk and they 'd like them back .
