  - liberals get their shit together and win people 's trust again . 
  - we are finally allowed into schengen , after meeting the criteria for years . 
  - we spend 2 % on nato . 
  we will most likely see this happen in 2017 , but it still goes in the wish column . 
  - eu sits down and has a very serious talk about common defense . 
  it listens to every country 's opinion and comes to a conclusion . 
  - no more terrorist attacks . 
  - russia chills with their funny business and ukraine gets a break . 
  - something needs to be done about the refugees . 
  firstly , they need to be accounted for . 
  secondly , they 're still coming and if the process of receiving them does n't improve of if it goes over eu 's limit , we should find a better solution . 
  - s t a b i l i t y - h a r m o n y - p e a c e, 
  - greek 1 & 2 euro - italian 1 euro - finalnd 50 euro cents, 
  for me it 's 25th at noon . 
  we used to be pretty golden back in the 90s , but right now ... not so much . 
  i mean ... albania beat us in the last euro . 
  i just think it would be easier for you to admit that you have something against ee or being associated with ee in any way and call it a day . 
  we get it , it 's hard for you because you 're an ex soviet country , but throughout this whole thread you 've made it a very big deal when anyone , even northerners , associated estonia with eastern europe and i think it 's not something to get that angry over . 
  if you do n't think their opinions are correct or you have your sources that prove you right , so be it . 
  you 're also irritating the rest of people who live in eastern europe , trying to seem like you 're better than us . 
  geographically , romania is southeastern . 
  does anybody say southeastern when they refer to us ? 
  i also think that greece is southeastern , but it is universally agreed that it 's a southern country . 
  i do n't know about others in my country , but my family gathers on the 25th to celebrate it together . 
   and   rich ( for plural feminine noun )  rich girl - bogata devojka , rich girls - bogate devojke it 's similar in romanian . 
  rich girl - fat\u0103 bogat\u0103 rich girls - fete bogate, 
  so by your logic estonia , being northeastern , can be northern europe , but serbia , being southeastern , can not be southern europe ? 
  how does that work ? 
  but we are none of the above . 
  it made them an offer they could n't refuse obviously, 
   bogate means rich right ? 
  i think op is dividing between just eastern and western because if we speak in real geographic terms , romania is southeastern as well . 
  are we that bad ? 
  brolgaria : - cool neighbours - partners in crime and suffering - nice cheaper beaches yooo - brolgarian salad is yumm - beautiful country as i 've seen from pictures but have not been there unfortunately hungary - this is n't hungary specific , it 's more sz\u00e9kely specific , but k\u00fcrt\u0151skal\u00e1cs is the best - budapest is really pretty . 
  : / - hard working people - you have p\u0105czki we have gogo\u015fi yum yum - but please stop listening to [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2iugfurqyhs ) - micha\u0142 szpak < 3 the black sea - it 's there - and it 's great - best neighbour ever, 
  roads are closed when there 's a big football match or a parade or a protest ( if the protest is big and the protesters manage to block the road themselves , authorities will have to oblige ) and similar events . 
  historic diplomatic relations tells me that we support israel more . 
  according to wikipedia , during the cold war , romania was the only communist country not to break its diplomatic relations with israel . 
  and the good relations have n't changed . 
  the main reason is that israel is a nuclear country allied with us and nato . 
  an european is someone living in europe . 
  a citizen of the european union is someone who 's country shares the values of the european union . 
  the individual might or might not share them though . 
  however , there are europeans who are not eu citizens , but they do share eu values . 
  your question is a bit weird . 
  they did n't manage to get 5 % of the votes to enter parliament so it 's a very weak , very corrupt party . 
  their leader , at the moment , is on the run from the dna . 
  it 's the european federation, 
  shhh , do n't cry , of course he 's real !!!, 
  op said sanda not santa . 
  then again ...  seven months prior to the september 11 attacks a gallup poll showed that 52 % would favor an invasion of iraq while 42 % would oppose it . 
  additionally , 64 % said that the u.s. should have removed saddam at the end of the gulf war . 
  approval ratings after the invasion matter less because i imagine bush would have had more trouble selling the war to a public that would oppose it . 
  it 's like saying , `` yeah , i broke a vase , but what matters is that i was sorry when i realized it was a mistake . '' . 
  it might work in your daily life , but it works much less when nations are involved . 
  and the most important fact is that no action was taken against bush or his administration . 
  the thing is ... some of * us * in eu ca n't even get into the schengen area even if we 've met the criteria for a while now because we keep getting denied and people want to talk about freedom of movement with non eu countries and a `` more closer union '' within the eu . 
  romania can not into * very high * . 
  i 'm in no good shape , but if there was a resistance . . maybe i 'd try to help however i can , even if it 's not exactly physical . 
  yes , i know that in the uk the majority were against it ( afaik ) , but not in the us . 
  i 'm not pointing fingers , i 'm just saying that the public here knew that it was n't right . 
  we were n't like `` yeah lets fuck em !!! '' . 
  bush lied to the american public and most of them swallowed those lies . 
  and still believe them to this very day . 
   how did europe avoid terrorism before the usa caused it ? 
  by not following the us and the uk into stirring shit in the middle east . 
  there are local terrorist groups , but nothing on isis level . 
   and what actions are you seeking to punish the usa for bringing terrorism to europe ? 
  i 'm not seeking anything , it happened and there 's no going back , but bush should be investigated for lying to the american public and invading a country on false information . 
  you forget that most governments acted against the wishes of the people . 
  most people in europe did not want their government to follow us and uk . 
  partially , but yes , the us is a main factor . 
  bush and blair fucked us all . 
  because it 's not as easy to enter the us or russia . 
  also , i think isis was a consequence of the iraq war . 
   the amount of lone wolf gun attacks in the usa is similar to the amount of lone wolf terrorist attacks in europe . 
  now you 're just talking out of your ass . 
   guns do n't kill people they do if you put them in the hands of every other person with no checks and good laws in place . 
   can anyone see a slight hypocrisy ? 
   is there anyone who thinks the u.s gun laws are crazy that is unwavering pro-refugee that could explain the nuances in their views to me ? 
  i 'm for allowing refugees to come to europe . 
  that 's not to say the way europe did it was smart . 
  it was n't . 
  they were n't prepared for this and now there 's a problem , but just because the process was bad does n't mean the idea of helping refugees is bad . 
  do you ever stop and ask yourself `` why do n't i have better things to do ? 
  bush and 911 . 
  maybe not exactly bush ( although it might as well be since we 're talking about a man who thought of `` painting a u-2 spyplane in united nations colors and letting it fly low over iraq to provoke iraq into shooting it down , thus providing a pretext for america and britain 's subsequent invasion '' ) , but i do n't think it was entirely a terrorist attack . 
  from the planes to the collapse of the buildings . 
  ours was influenced by the french flag too i think, 
  no worries . 
  bulgarian . 
  ah , yes , someone who thinks my way . 
  was just thinking of calling hungary western romania . 
  oh thank aladeen !, 
  i thought i was hiv aladeen . 
  multiculturalism is fine as long as you respect the dominant culture in the country you 've ended up in . 
  i 'm going to be reaching a bit with this example , but afaik `` child brides '' are a thing in some muslim countries . 
  most europeans do not consider that a cultural tradition , but rather a violation of human rights , and therefore it should not be allowed in european countries just because someone from a muslim country claims it 's a cultural thing . 
  - english - i 've had it since kindergarten and it was the first foreign language i learned . 
  i also kind of had to because when cartoon network first aired in romania , it was solely in english so i did n't understand much .
