  it 's not a `` i do n't want to spend '' situation , it 's a `` i 'm not sure where to invest first since i do n't have enough money for all these things '' . 
   and hopefully you never have to this `` thank you for your service '' culture is so rooted in u.s. that you think if i was french i 'd thank you for your service right now lol, 
  well the americans never helped the east much so i ca n't thank you for your service . 
  well , russia is on the doorstep of nato since it invaded crimea . 
  russia does n't have to make a big effort to get to romania 's borders . 
  i do believe that imposing the euro on countries that are n't economically developed enough to handle it is bad and can create a economic crisis within the country , but you 're reaching with the war narrative besides , look at your country . 
  nationalism is blooming and we know very well what nationalism can ( not will ) bring . 
  if we go there , we should go there with the genuine thought of helping these people out and keeping the place safe from terrorists and getting rid of terrorists in an efficient way without killing many innocent people . 
  most `` interventions '' in middle east were so fucked up . 
  i hope not . 
  we 're in a fucking sensible zone . 
  when people say you ca n't be racist to whites they mostly mean in countries that are run by white people and mostly favor white people . 
  for example , there can be systematic racism against white people in , say , japan . 
  i think this is what the argument is about . 
  not simply racism , but systematic racism empowered by the state ( through public institutions ), 
  pretty much . 
  this is actually scary . 
  day by day . 
  many voted against ponta when klaus became president , but i do admit that he gave us ciolos and ciolos is somehow godsend in this mess of things . 
  i 've been to all the protests i could , tried to help how i could and they still vote for disgusting laws in the parliament and no one bats an eye . 
  we gather like 500 people to protest on the recent parliament laws . 
  do you think the people in the country care more for the country than those who leave ? 
  think again, 
  i think this whole thing where you keep repeating how everyone else is a slave to the west is born out of some sort of inferiority complex that you have because of your own experiences . 
  stop projecting, 
   i 'm genuinely worried for the british , because as much as i want to see downing street & westminster get their asses kicked , in the end it 's the ordinary uk citizen that will suffer . 
  that 's true , and it makes me feel sad too , but it is mainly the fault of their leaders , the leaders half of uk chose to follow . 
  also , eu not giving uk single market access is not a punishment . 
  well i do n't know about the rest of europe , but hungarians and romanians have had problems with each other since way before the european union was even a thing, 
  well i imagine you have to be a bit delusional to think the eu would accept that, 
  that 's true too ( although i do n't know how romania is perceived in poland , never heard complaints from there , figured they 'd realize that they 're judged just like us and would be more understanding , but til ) then again , i think the media ( and political parties that campaign against immigrants ) do know this . 
  like they know there are many good immigrants who do n't stand out that benefit the country , but they wo n't talk about them because their passionate anti speeches would lose a bit of credibility . 
  so ... the uk is leaving because transylvania does n't have autonomy in romania ? 
  hear this uk, 
  but is n't that stupid ? 
  is n't saying `` x country is fully of y '' while that country has a number of y but also a lot of z ? 
  like , sure , focus on the y if you want , but you can not ignore the z who knows , maybe i do it myself sometimes without realizing , but from a subjective point , i do n't see why i have to be labeled as something i 'm not by someone who does n't know me, 
  when do we shit on another nation and what nation is that ? 
  and why do you assume we all shit on other nations ? 
  generalizations , generalizations or maybe you confuse constructive criticism with being an asshole, 
  hungarians do n't get along with romanians because of transylvania . 
  are you a friend of / u/ebadd ? 
  yeah , some might think like that , but clever people know better than to generalize . 
  lovely !, 
  you 're a dickhead, 
  this is : / , but i do n't think this is how the majority of the people in netherlands really feel . 
  at least i hope so . 
  we can barely support ourselves , let alone us + rep moldova . 
  i would vote no if i was asked right now and i 'd hope more people would realize that this is not to the time for a reunification . 
  maybe when we 're richer and less corrupt, 
  yah , but he ca n't just sit on his ass forever either . 
  this is why people should have been informed/should have informed themselves better . 
  if you want to take part in a democratic decision and not regret it later , you need to know wtf you 're voting for . 
  the party do n't start till i walk in ( \uff89 \u25d5 \u30ee \u25d5 ) \uff89 * : \uff65 \uff9f \u2727, 
  this is so ironic i ca n't even, 
  i do n't think you know how easterners are treated in the west . 
  i think there will always be a shadow hanging over them/us , whether we immigrate or visit . 
   handouts you mean people working the shittiest jobs in uk that no one wants , breaking their backs for a bit more money than they would have received in romania for the same job ? 
  people are scared . 
  they do n't know what will happen to them . 
  i think the majority of them do n't want to call the police so things could escalate . 
  they probably think they have to cautious about their steps now . 
  this is awful . 
  i just feel so sorry for the people who have to suffer through racism and xenophobia for no reason . 
  they voted for a party who thinks it has a right to judge political opponents on whether or not they 're british enough even after their families have been there for 2 generations or more . 
  they voted for a person who said he would n't feel comfortable living near romanians , not criminals who happen to be romanian , but any type of romanians . 
  they voted for nationalism disguided as independence over anything else . 
  yes , it 's their right to do so , but we have to stop pretending that there 's no xenophobia or racism in uk . 
  they 're always going to see people from east as below them . 
  yah but the east would n't be able to afford the wages of the west and the west would n't stand for having smaller wages, 
   the uk and us invaded a country that had nothing to do with 911 but no sanctions . 
  i 'm very much mad at this and wish the us and uk would have been punished for it . 
  but you ca n't just say that about a country 's sovereignty . 
  ukraine has a right to fight for its land . 
  it 's really weird to think rt can be watched on telly in uk , but we do n't have it here . 
   smaller  romania 8th country in eu by size so you either mean  what active role can smaller countries like the baltic states have ? 
  which is irrelevant because you do n't judge that by a country 's size or  what active role can countries that contribute less have ? 
  which is up for debate . 
  more in the idea of having initiatives from all sides so we do n't end up with a `` but x influence the rest europe so much . 
  it is x 's fault things are that way '', 
   you and other xenocentric ex-patriates i 'm not an ex-patriate  why romania , without a popular vote mind you , joined the eu well , i 'm sure it would have been in favor  give the false opportunity of growth but we had growth  while the home country is being overtaken by foreign entities ? 
  the autochthonous industry will never be brought back . 
  sure , there 's a problem with that , but i think it 's a regulation problem rather then the fault of us joining the eu . 
  we could have established better laws that gave our industries a chance to competition . 
   `` firstly , no one wants to feed and subsidize the weaker economies . '' * cough * mr putin why is the east * cough * less developed than the west * cough *, 
  like i said , i 'm close to clueless . 
  is there a possibility that the eu could offer them support because it is in eu 's interest for scotland to be in the eu and not fail dramatically ? 
  i expect every nation to have a more active role , especially the central and eastern part . 
  but not orban 's sort of active . 
  i 'm not an expert and nor do i have the knowledge to predict this , but i searched and found [ this ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2014/sep/03/can-scotland-be-independent-sterling ) ( have n't read it all ) . 
  i imagine scotland would suffer a bit if it had to change the currency to euro, 
  the war begins . ^ ^ / s * if * there are enough leave voters who have regrets , i guess they could, 
  good for them . 
  if the current state of things is not what 's best for scotland 's interest , they should be able to decide what to do . 
  it would be hypocritical of the rest to judge them for it . 
  well the last time you won it was 1997 so nothing new, 
  sure , i can see that happening in a society where the majority of people are educated and care about their country . 
  to achieve that we need to educate people on state matters , but also on the importance of being active in the society . 
  here 's to hoping every nation can achieve that . 
  but as / u/random-guy 410 said , some matters are more complicated than others , and require the input of specialists,
