  for example , english shows are dubbed in some countries while others just use subtitles . 
  actually english is pretty easy compared to some of the other languages in europe . 
  english might be the easiest actually . 
  as a person who speaks a romance language , spannish is a close second . 
  the french , ever so wild and romantic :d, 
  the potential . 
  it 's also what makes me mad and sad . 
  honestly , the eu is flawed but the brexit campaign is even more flawed . 
  i 've noticed that there are several experts within britain who strongly advise against this regarding the economic consequences of a brexit . 
  i admit i did n't follow much of it . 
  / r/europe got flooded with articles over articles and i 've kind of drifted away from the subject . 
  then again , if remain does win , something needs to happen within britain because you 'll have close to 50 % of the population who 'll still be against it and refuse further integration . 
  on the fun side though , you know people hate america when the brexit campaign releases a video of children pledging allegiance to the flag of the `` united states of europe '' to scare other people into voting for brexit . 
  you 're right . 
  heard that before . 
  not the country , but bucharest used to be/is called the little paris by some . 
  i knew it !, 
  we were supposed to be in the west all along !, 
  op , delete it before they hit you with their bicycle, 
   romania 10 they 're gon na kick out of your own country for that , mate ^ / s, 
  it was pretty regular in the news when it was bad and in that period they 'd announce every 3 , 4 days that the riots are still going on . 
   gun ownership in romania is regulated by law 39/2004 . 
  romania has one of the toughest gun ownership laws in the world . 
  in order for citizens to obtain a non-lethal weapon , they must obtain a permit from the police , and must register their weapon once they purchased it . 
  civilians can not purchase a lethal firearm . 
  the only categories of people who are legally entitled to carry a weapon are magistrates , mps military forces and certain categories of diplomats . 
  a psychological evaluation is required beforehand in all cases . 
  furthermore , knives with a blade longer than 15 cm are considered weapons and have a similar regime to those of firearms . 
   in order for a hunter to obtain a hunting/gun ownership license , he must spend a certain `` practice time '' with a professional hunter . 
   minors ( 15 and older ) may also use a weapon , provided that they are under the supervision of someone who has a gun license . 
  however , they can not own or carry one until the age of 18 . 
   the use of guns for self-defense is only allowed if the gun is a last resort option . 
  donald trump seems like the man who managed to say out loud every offensive thing that most of his voters could n't because they 'd be judged for it . 
  he 's amusing at best . 
  hillary , among other things , voted for the iraq war , which turned out to be a total shitshow for bush 's giggles . 
  bernie seems to be the best option , but he does n't have enough super delegates afaik . 
  however , i think hillary will win . 
  civil war spoilers ahead . 
  if anybody cares . 
   he fights for everybody . 
  wrong . 
  he could n't be bothered with justice for everyone else . 
  just with bucky 's . 
  i 'm not saying i 'm 100 % on tony 's side , but the principle behind is good . 
  there should be order and rules and tony 's position is `` whatever form that takes , i 'm in . '', 
  shows that he 's not strictly for the form it took in civil war either . 
  sure , putting the power in the hands of the government is a bad idea ( although that can bring good stuff too , like working with the intelligence ) , but let 's think realistically : 1 . 
  those super heroes can be pretty chaotic sometimes . 
  there needs to be some form of organization . 
  i 'm for some sort of neutral council of superheroes chosen by them . 
  those are mostly u.s. based enhanced individuals . 
  they should not be allowed to act on foreign territory without the consent of said territory unless it 's a matter of strict emergency which means that the threat from said territory could be a threat to more territories or , possibly , the world . 
  great power means great responsibility . 
  it is n't just , `` oh , i go and kill the bad guy '' and that 's it . 
  if there 's huge collateral damage , both in humans and territory , they have to stay and use their abilities to fix the stuff left behind . 
  if a villain like , say , loki decides to pay earth a visit every month , economy would eventually collapse and there would be a genocide every other month . 
  that can not happen . 
  in civil war , captain america clearly chooses to protect the winter soldier from the law . 
  true , the man was brainwashed several times , but he is a threat regardless . 
  one of the very few good decision captain america took in civil war was to put him back on ice . 
  i 'm not saying i do n't understand steve 's reluctance to put power in the hands of the government , a government which failed him before , but there should be a middle ground and that middle ground is not what ross offered . 
   do you ever have michael brown-type situations in which civilians assault police ? 
  how does your country 's police respond when such a thing happens ? 
  yes . 
  [ special forces are used . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/l9erlevxe8s?t=50 )  would you support your country granting asylum to young african-american men instead of , or in addition to , syrians ? 
  what about african-americans or poor americans as a whole ? 
  how about open migration ? 
  i think it 's better to stay and help make the country better for said people instead of having them sent to another place . 
  captain america is n't my favorite marvel character , but he disappointed me even more in civil war . 
  and yeah ... it 's a bit off-putting . 
  some teachers might mention that slaughter of the native americans , but there 's not a real lesson about it afaik . 
  all i know about them is from my google searches . 
  however , the system here kind of sucks . 
  we 're barely making progress when it comes to the holocaust , which should be taught extensively here , almost as extensively as in germany . 
  yes , we do . 
  there 's a lot of grammar until the 8th grade and there 's mainly literature in high school . 
  social democrats : constantly fucks up . 
  national liberals : does n't fuck up constantly , but when they do , it 's a goddamn mess . 
  still , it ca n't get better than #piggate . 
   typical entertainment ? 
  going out with friends or spending time online . 
   do you drive a car , a bicycle , or just public transportation ? 
  public transportation . 
  which is hell here because they 're almost always crowded . 
  and since i 've visited london , i find it even more terrible . 
  we need improvement . 
   do you feel relatively safe travelling around in your city ? 
  yes . 
  some places are sketchy , especially at night , but those type of places are everywhere . 
   do kids play outside a lot or do they tend to stay indoors more ? 
  they are typically in parks . 
  i 've been to london . 
  it was a bit of a shock to me because i did n't realize how diverse it was . 
  it was beautiful . 
  i think education plays the biggest part in achieving multiculturalism because through it you also learn to respect other people 's cultures . 
  thanks !, 
  about russia ... yeah . 
  it 's a difficult situation . 
  hopefully the future brings better times for us all .
