   the scholarships are aimed at training specialists in areas of interest for afghanistan , according to a statement from the government . 
  they will be granted annually over a period of five years , for undergraduate studies , master , and doctorate , as well as postgraduate medical education . 
   the ten afghan students will benefit from free university education , monthly scholarships , free accommodation in student dormitories , free healthcare , and free transport . 
   by granting these scholarships , romania aims to strengthen relations between the two countries and reconfirms its commitment as a member state of the european union and nato to contribute to the peace in the region and the reconstruction of the afghan state , according to the government . 
  sure , i am aware of that and i 'm glad we 're consolidating our defense . 
  also , i know that those measures are preferable by russia right now ( although they have no effect on romania at the moment ) and i 've always said that if russia were to physically attack us , it would be purely out of madness and not logic , knowing they ca n't win against nato as it is today . 
  sure , it would still mean a lot of destruction on the front lines if putin would be crazy enough to do it but russia would ultimately lose . 
  at least as long as china does n't side with them or something . 
  people here have said that they would n't but i do n't know . 
   whel imagine russian troop build up in mexico , would n't that be a provocation ? 
  assuming mexico will let russian troops on its territory . 
  i guess you 'd rather cower at your enemies ' feet and hope they wo n't suddenly attack you ? 
  pretty easy to speak when you 're not from eastern europe and you do n't know its history with russia . 
  they happen so often you get used to them lol, 
  training exercises and security missions . 
  yeah , but when this much activity takes place in your country , you start to wonder if there 's actually a possibility of something happening . 
  we 're also neighbours with ukraine and crimea is quite close so russia is never too far away from us . 
  we 're the front lines , as one would say . 
  moldova is that a challenge ??? 
  [ we 're gon na fight the americans with our glorious eagle ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/7/70/coat_of_arms_of_romania.svg/2000px-coat_of_arms_of_romania.svg.png ) . 
  yes , i think that 's it :d, 
  we rank 76 and that is upsetting, 
  there is so much nato activity in romania at the moment . 
  from all sides , but mainly the us . 
  i find that comforting and alarming at the same time . 
   the british royal air force ( raf ) will send typhoon fighter jets to romania in 2017 , uk defense secretary michael fallon announced on wednesday , october 26 . 
   the typhoons will be based at the mihail kogalniceanu airbase in southeast romania for up to four months next year . 
   `` the defence secretary said that the uk will commit raf typhoon aircraft to the nato southern air policing mission to offer reassurance to the black sea allies . 
  deployed from raf coningsby , the typhoons will be based at mihail kogalniceanu airbase , romania , for up to four months in 2017 , '' reads a statement from british ministry of defense . 
   the typhoon aircraft will participate in missions of air police and will counter any infringement of the nato airspace in the southeast , reports local digi24 . 
   the uk 's announcement comes as nato defense ministers meet on october 26-27 in brussels to discuss the plans for a strengthened nato presence in the eastern part of the alliance and in the black sea region , and russia 's recent military activity along nato 's borders . 
   uk becomes the second nato ally that sends military equipment to romania . 
  us will also deploy an armored battalion in romania in early 2017 , part of its commitment to increase military presence in eastern europe . 
   romania also hosts american troops and military gear at its mihail kogalniceanu airbase , close to the black sea port of constanta . 
  romania also hosts a nato anti-ballistic missile system at the deveselu military base . 
   a nato command center is already functional in bucharest and a multinational nato brigade will also be created in craiova , southern romania . 
   nato warships have also rotated in the black sea regularly in the past two years , also part of the alliance 's efforts to keep an eye on russia 's operations in the region , after the annexation of crimea . 
  us destroyer uss carney made a stop in romania 's constanta port on tuesday , october 25 . 
  the destroyer is equipped with the aegis ballistic missile defense system . 
  well in that case i 'm all for eu * imposing * it on them . 
  unless the people of hungary and poland are blind to the corruption , i do n't see why they 'd be against it . 
  yes because hungary or poland do n't need this ^ ^ ^ / s, 
   the european parliament adopted a resolution urging the european commission to replace the cooperation and verification mechanism ( cvm ) , which targets romania and bulgaria , with an instrument aimed to assess the state of democracy and rule of law in all eu member states . 
   to end the current `` crisis-driven '' approach to perceived breaches of democracy , the rule of law and fundamental rights in eu member states , the european commission should set up a binding eu mechanism to monitor and report annually on their records in these fields , the meps said in a resolution passed on tuesday . 
  this mechanism should include objective benchmarks and lay down a gradual approach to remedying breaches , they added . 
   the european commission should create a binding mechanism for the annual monitoring of data in these fields , according to the resolution adopted by the european parliament . 
  the parliament asked the commission to present a proposal by september 2017 for a union pact for democracy , the rule of law and fundamental rights in the form of an inter-institutional agreement aligning and complementing existing mechanisms . 
   the cooperation and verification mechanism was introduced by the european commission when romania and bulgaria joined the eu in 2007 to monitor the progress of the two countries on the rule of law , corruption fight , and , in the case of bulgaria , to counter organized crime . 
   the european commission has been publishing the cvm reports on romania and bulgaria every year , at the end of january . 
  the latest cvm reports show that romania has made significant progress in fighting top-level corruption in recent years , which is why some politicians in bucharest have been asking the european commission to remove romania from the cooperation and verification mechanism . 
  happy national day , austria !, 
  hey , at least your economy 's great , 
  the price of sovereignty is high my friend, 
  link contains footage of us ambassador at nato , douglas lute , talking about further cooperation with romania and bulgaria and how they have yet to come up with a solution to consolidate the black sea region . 
   it 's mostly americans thinking they are cool for hanging out with the `` enemy '' . 
  that 's so true . 
  i went there a couple of times and wanted to see what russian folks answer to questions . 
  it was mostly americans and other random nationalities like swiss . 
  not as many russians as i 'd expect . 
  i 'm glad . 
  he should stay away . 
  we do n't like him . 
  i do n't think that counts . 
  yes , i think that 's it . 
  yet another map that does n't include us smh, 
   i was only trying to say that you ca n't brush aside the argument by saying the government is popular . 
  you make a very good point . 
  many governments and leaders have been popular with the people but that does n't mean they were exactly good . 
  even in romania , the corrupt social democratic party has quite a few fans and is more popular than the liberals , but that does n't make them any less corrupt and stupid . 
   the assailant then `` came at us from the other side , screaming you fucking spanish , speak english , and i faced up to him a bit . 
  silvia told me to let it go . 
  and then ... well , you see it in the video : he pretends to leave , gets the stick ... and takes good aim . '' what the fuck ... and the video is absolutely disgusting . 
  what a piece of shit . 
  neither do the eastern ones . 
  i hate it when i click a map and i 'm like * man i came here to either jerk off or cry so why ??? 
  he was already on the map posted earlier so i did n't mention him . 
  oops :'), 
  trianon treaty best treaty :'), 
  mwha ^ hah ^ ^ ha ^ ^ ^ hah, 
   romania will have to spend `` tens of millions of euros '' to ensure the eu council presidency in 2019 , romanian prime minister dacian ciolos said on monday . 
   `` by our calculations , we 're talking about a cost of tens of millions of euros for preparing and running the eu council presidency . 
  this is the money that will also contribute to promoting romania 's image , money that should enable us also to prepare the administrative , logistical part , '' ciolos said , according to local agerpres . 
   he added that the future government will decide if the informal councils will be held in bucharest or other cities . 
  the informal councils bring hundreds of officials from eu member states to the country that holds the eu council presidency and are a good opportunity to promote the host-country . 
   holding council meetings in other cities than bucharest would require additional logistic and organizing costs but would also allow romania to promote other cities and regions than the capital , according to ciolos . 
   the presidency of the eu council rotates among the eu member states every six months . 
  slovakia is currently ensuring the council 's presidency , its term ending on december 31 , 2016 . 
   the romanian presidency will start on january 1 and will end on june 30 , 2019 . 
  prime minister dacian ciolos said his cabinet has almost finalized a master-plan of priority actions to be taken for the administrative and technical preparation of the romanian presidency of the eu council . 
  he added that two and a half years is not a long period to prepare this event . 
   ciolos also said that the government has already started evaluating the human resources available in public administration to select those people that are trained well enough to coordinate the project , who will form what he called the `` elite corps '' of romanian administration . 
  this group will have to manage a few thousands of meetings of working groups and special committees . 
  bulgaria , * no * :o, 
  i think you 're reaching because you deal in absolutes right now . 
  it 's either * vote against your and your people 's wishes/concerns just so the rest can be happy * or * fuck the eu let 's start wwiii or something * . 
  both scenarios are unlikely . 
  regarding ceta ... i do n't know . 
  i feel like it could have been discussed more , not just among the officials , but with the people of the european union . 
  i think , given the information and the chance to vote on it , the people of more countries than just belgium would choose to veto the deal . 
  dude , you literally shouted about auschwitz,
