  she then proceeded to tell me how her parents tried to control every aspect of her life ( from what she does to what she wears ) so they could be sure she would n't ever be classified as `` that type '' of romani . 
  i was a bit surprised . 
  did n't know what to really say . 
  she was a nice girl though . 
  - there was a news report here at some point about two romani beggers ( with romanian citizenship ) from sweden who were begging outside of a market . 
  a swedish woman eventually stopped and asked them if they knew how to make anything . 
  they said they knew how to make spoons so she took them to her place and helped them make spoons and sell them so they wo n't be begging . 
  my point is . 
  romani people , like other people , are not all bad . 
  unfortunately , a lot of them have this habit of denying education and if we ever manage to break that chain , it 'll be good for all of us . 
  what 's also interesting is that people feel less ashamed to admit that they hold negative opinions of the roma in comparison to the other groups . 
  they 're also less likely to be called out for their negative opinions on the roma people . 
  what 's with greece and jewish people ? 
  well , no more lands with a romanian majority in hungary anymore so you do n't need to worry about that again :p of course , we would n't mind to be your overlords if you asked . 
  after that , we only need to convince slovenia and ... italy border here we come !, 
  how have things been going ? 
  okay ... so you 're a rocket scientist, 
  really glad you had a good experience with romanians !, 
  no shakira either :(, 
  traitor :'(, 
  roma people make up 3.08 % of the total population . 
  not as many as people think . 
  they 're around 620,000 and the total population is 19 million . 
  plus , it 's not like romania is the only country with a roma population . 
  and they 're not all criminals waiting to stab you either . 
  why are we unfriendly ? 
  okay so since we kinda have the same language family and the same civil law system , is there a way we can geographically move romania closer to its bros ??? 
  what ... what do you mean they do n't want us ?? 
   romania 's prime minister dacian ciolos announced in a facebook post that he is `` ready and decided '' to take over the prime minister office in case the national liberal party ( pnl ) and the save romania union ( usr ) form a parliamentary majority after the december 11 elections . 
   ciolos , who has been trying not to get involved in the electoral campaign , recently asked pnl to remove his photography from their campaign posters . 
  this has led to the criticism that he was not clear about his decision to take over as future prime minister . 
   `` i 've seen that some are quick to say that i am undecided , that i do n't stand for the electoral fight . 
  on the contrary , i am very determined . ''  he warned that everything he had done as prime minister can be undone in a few months . 
  `` unfortunately , the steps that we 've taken are not irreversible , '' ciolos wrote . 
   both pnl and usr have tried to associate their campaign with dacian ciolos , who has a good public image among many romanians . 
  the two parties , which do n't have very popular leaders , hope that ciolos will help them defeat the social democratic party ( psd ) , which is leading in the polls . 
  crisis averted, 
  good on you , baltics !, 
  better safe than sorry !, 
  do n't forget that he 's probably sexting with trump . 
  alright alright it was shady . 
  kinda wanted opinions . 
  was n't trying to make a point . 
  honestly i can not answer your first question . 
  it also made me wonder . 
  how can romania , a country with a smaller gdp than greece , spend more than greece and not reach the 2 % ? 
  well , we 're considered south eastern too . 
  from wikipedia :  romania is a sovereign state located in southeastern europe . 
  the same thing is written about greece . 
   greece is a country in southeastern europe . 
   greece has always been southern europe . 
  my bad . 
  thought it could make the ee group as being south eastern . 
  geographically . 
   it also does not start with an `` r '' in any language i am aware of . 
  about that i was indeed referring to russia , but it was just a sarcastic comment to your breaking news . 
  well , is n't greece doing better than us ? 
  or are n't we counting them ? 
  not really . 
  depends on which countries you define as eastern europe . 
  and no , romania is not the only country in ee to start with an r. , 
   romania 's military expenditures have exceeded usd 3 billion this year , a record in the country 's defense budget . 
  the amount is above the cumulative defense budgets of hungary and the czech republic , according to the report `` air and missile defence in europe '' made by the british group jane 's information group . 
   the highest defense budgets in the region , except for russia and turkey , have been allocated this year by poland ( usd 9.2 billion ) , romania ( usd 3.08 billion ) , greece ( usd 2.7 billion ) , ukraine ( usd 2.4 billion ) , the czech republic ( usd 1.8 billion ) , and hungary ( usd 1.1 billion ) . 
  the rest of the countries in the region have had defense budgets below usd 1 billion . 
   romania 's defense budget is also higher than those of several countries in western europe , whose economies are more powerful , including denmark , finland , portugal , and austria . 
   romania is expected to significantly increase its defense spending , to over usd 4.2 billion in 2020 , according to jane 's information group . 
  the problem is that everyone is pointing their fingers at eastern europeans and saying `` ah , stop freeloading off of nato '' ( i was actually told that recently ) even if we 're actually trying to increase the spending , unlike countries like spain or germany . 
  they have more wealth than us , but unlike them , we can not afford to lose nato , which is why we 're trying to achieve the said 2 % . 
  high school : english , french , latin , bulgarian and chinese . 
  beat you there . 
  it sucks though because nothing stuck with me . 
  english did . 
  french was always meh to me because of the bad teachers we had . 
  latin is latin . 
  bulgarian was taught by a bulgarian lady who only spoke bulgarian and russian and we basically had to resort to our 2 classmates from rep moldava , who knew both of these language , to translate the class . 
  that was a mess . 
  and i only remember how to introduce myself and count to ten . 
  and chinese came in the last year when everyone was :o about the bac so nobody paid much attention . 
  taught by a chinese teacher but this one actually spoke english . 
  somewhat . 
  merci !, 
  i just saw this thread but hey , who am i to pass the opportunity to say ** la multi ani romania ** once again ? 
  ** happy birthday romania !, 
  ** about eu membership ... it does n't feel like it 's been that long . 
  man , how the time passes . 
  i 'm happy though . 
  the eu did help bring us on the right path . 
  i want to say that i have absolutely nothing against certain british people , but i ca n't . 
  as an eastern european , i do feel the xenophobia . 
  not just from some political figures such as farage who said he would n't feel safe around me because i 'm romanian ( but has no problem with his german wife or germans ) , but from some of his supporters too . 
  wait wait wait ... r u saying it would be totally understandable if hungary invaded these countries ? 
   romania 's constitutional court ( ccr ) postponed again on tuesday , november 29 , a decision in the case of the romanian adrian coman and the us-born clay hamilton , a gay couple who got married in belgium and want to have their marriage recognized in romania . 
   it is the fourth time when the court postpones a decision in this case . 
  valer dorneanu , president of the constitutional court , said after the court 's meeting on tuesday that the ccr would ask for a point of view from the court of justice of the european union ( cjeu ) , under the demand of the parts . 
   as news of the referral reached brussels , ilga-europe advocacy director katrin hugendubel commented `` we know this is n't the end of the journey for adrian and his family -- but we are edging ever closer to what could be a momentous day for them . 
  many couples , whose right to freely move and reside within the european union have been limited by similar domestic restrictions , will also be eagerly awaiting the outcome of this case . ''  the constitutional court will seek clarification on whether a same-sex couple , married overseas , can be recognized as spouses under romanian law by way of application of the eu law on family reunification with a eu citizen . 
  this is the first time that the court has referred questions to the cjeu , according to the local human rights ngo accept romania . 
   clay hamilton ca n't reside in romania for more than three months because his marriage to adrian coman is not recognized in romania . 
  however , if their marriage were acknowledged by the romanian state , hamilton could remain in the country as a relative of a romanian citizen .
