  i 'm not pro guns at all . 
  i 'm actually against it , but look at the way this dude/dudette replies smells like trolling . 
  i love that we do n't have dubbed things . 
  i think it would be a nightmare for me . 
  thanks for the link . 
  i was surprised that the majority have dubbed or voice overs or stuff like that . 
  i do remember a friend from germany telling me she is going nuts with the dubbing . 
  that man made me crave salt and vinegar chips . 
  damn . 
  dog - ham cat - miau, 
  yes . 
  and the government can `` cancel '' it , but they wo n't ... 
  romania is now on the same level with hungary . 
  eu wise , it ranks above italy , greece , bulgaria . 
  as far as i know , you only need proof of romanian citizenship ( id or , in your case , passport . ), 
  no need to register . 
   ho did u manage 2 mispel to words in dat title ? 
   iz thiz our revenge 4 brexit , now we buttcer they 're language ? 
  ftfy lol, 
  unfortunately . 
  mostly people who do n't know any better than `` the opposition is trying to ruin us '' because that 's what they 've heard on the psd propaganda channels and they 're not educated people so they do n't do a lot of thinking or people who benefit from corruption . 
  then how could this work ? 
  and besides , if the european minimum wage is too high for some economies , how will these countries cope ? 
  i am really curious to see if they go on with this battle or declare themselves `` victims '' and pull back . 
  what 's macron 's stance on russia ? 
  we should still encourage our friends to go . 
  well , at least the ones voting no on the bill . 
  yes , i understand the sentiment , but i think we should continue motivating the people to vote . 
  i was absolutely ashamed to find that in the west , elections can have 90 % presence . 
  our presence at local and parliamentary elections is execrable and the presidential ones is almost acceptable ( around 60 % ) . 
  at least if there 's a 90 % presence and psd wins , we can say we truly live in a nation of dumbfucks and give up . 
  thing is ... there 's also a lack of political education . 
  mix that with propaganda as a3 is the most watched tv channel here and you 've got yourself a bomb . 
  a lot of psd voters are the kind of people who think `` who cares if they steal a little bit , at least they gave us something '' or `` the others only care about them and they do n't give us anything '' when in fact it 's about psd raising salaries and pensions just to have us end up with a high deficit and then the cuts come . 
  and the cuts are blamed on opposition or have to be done by a new opposition government so psd gets to say `` oh , look , they do n't care about poor romanians '' . 
  basically they have no political or economical education . 
  this needs to be solved asap . 
  but how can it be done when psd has either had the parliament ( most important imo ) or both the parliament and the government for most of the time and it 's in their interest to keep people uninformed and ignorant . 
  well , only 40 % of the people voted . 
  and 45 % voted for psd . 
  and they made a coalition with alde and the hungarian party . 
  ( 6 % each as far as i remember . 
  maybe 7 % . ), 
  it 's mostly the fact that the psd voting demographic is very disciplined and they * always * vote . 
  only 18 % of the youth voted . 
  there are already rumors of a psd march in favor of government . 
  i can only imagine the circle jerk that will be going on at their propaganda outlets . 
  this is the face of the right wing extremism : who cares if we 're all going down , at least i 'm taking you fuckers with me . 
  disgraceful . 
  be diplomatic and reasonable . 
  not a watered down female version of trump . 
  a scottish trump fan ? 
  oh man , you must feel like an extinct species . 
  yes , we noticed uk bashing dna . 
  it 's just propaganda . 
  u w0t m8 ??!!? 
  sometimes people do n't understand who politicians are . 
  hence the psd vote in romania , for example . 
  hence iliescu being elected twice . 
   the fundamental pillars of romania 's foreign policy `` are the same , '' namely deepening the partnership with the united states and the strengthening of eu and nato , president klaus iohannis said yesterday at a meeting with foreign ambassadors . 
   `` the romanian-american strategic partnership , which this year celebrates 20 years since its launch , will continue to grow and deepen , '' iohannis said . 
   he explained that the contacts he has had after the us elections , including high-level contacts , reconfirmed the clear and firm commitment of the united states for the partnership with romania . 
   the president also said that romania maintains its commitment to increase defense spending to 2 % of the gdp this year . 
  in relation to the eu , iohannis pointed out that romania `` needs to be a serious contributor , committed and very active in the debate on the future of the european project '' . 
  while all of this sounds nice , i 'm still a bit concerned about one of our most corrupt politicians ( liviu dragnea , psd leader ) flirting with trump and his somewhat dubious officials more than necessary ( he was invited to trump 's inauguration ) , like michael flynn , who has some relations with russia . 
  i really do n't know what trump 's geopolitical game is , but the uncertainty makes me nervous . 
  you barely have any troops in romania . 
  besides , sabotaging nato will get * you * in a bad place , not us . 
  if the french people elect this russian puppet ... 
  i do n't know what to say . 
  kind of reminds me of moldova 's president . 
  cries nationalism and love for france , french identity , or whatever , and then she 's off to russia 's arms . 
  poor ukrainian people ... this is the scum they had for president . 
  it 's a repost . 
  delete it . 
  that 's why we protest . 
  some of us will not go down without a fight . 
  and in the end , you do n't just achieve a western democracy in 10 years when it took them more than 50 without even having communism . 
  you have to fight to get there and then you have to fight to keep it . 
  social democrats . 
  most corrupt party . 
  [ their king ] ( https://www.bugetul.ro/wp-content/uploads/2016/09/dragnea.jpg ), 
  pretty much , yes . 
  they want to release 2500 people from prisons because `` we do n't have the space and they 're suing us at cedo for bad conditions in prisons !! '', 
  and they want to modify the penal ( criminal ) code in their favor . 
  we 'll protest again this sunday . 
  i wish too . 
  fashionably late, 
   the average romanian does n't really know the difference between ukraine and russia from what i 've seen  not a lot of people know what lipovans are . 
  you just hang out with stupid people . 
  not even if you paid me . 
  of course we do n't , but if you start sabotaging the eu in any way , we will have to do something to protect it . 
  well , i mean , did you not see recent comments by trump officials ? 
  `` who 's leaving eu next ? 
  when will eu collapse ? '', 
  if your stance , especially along with uk that has individuals like bj and nf who do n't just want to leave the eu , but see it fail as a union , continues to grow in a hostile manner , the eu might start taking firm stances as well . 
  especially since we have russia on one side wishing the same . 
  if uk deems itself as not compatible with eu , how will this new anglosphere or whatever deem itself as a compatible partner to the eu ? 
  truth is , there are so many people who want to see the eu fail in one way or another . 
  are you serious ?
