  really ? 
  go to the uk sub, 
  nah , i do n't think so . 
  and what are those countless times you 're talking about ? 
  never seen such thing . 
  that 's true , but it is not the eu that made us anti-russia , it is our history with the country and how much they 've taken from us . 
  there are sympathizers , but most people hate russia 's guts and their threats of bombing us every now and again are not helping their cause . 
  russia just knows that romanians will never cooperate with them . 
  they 've stolen far too much from us . 
   slovakia 's president andrej kiska praised the anti-corruption fight in romania during his visit to romania , where he had meetings with president klaus iohannis and prime minister dacian ciolos on monday , october 10 . 
   `` romania shows us that economic growth can be linked with anti-corruption fight , '' he said during a joint press conference with president iohannis . 
   when asked by a slovak journalist what kind of advice he has for the authorities in bratislava in the anti-corruption fight , romanian president klaus iohannis said that `` we are on the right track , but we still have a lot to do . ''  iohannis said that the eastern partnership needs a new strategic approach , and needs to be injected `` with a new vision '' . 
  he also referred to the support that should be granted to the republic of moldova so that the country can advance faster . 
   the eastern partnership is an initiative of the european union governing its relationship with the post-soviet states of armenia , azerbaijan , belarus , georgia , moldova , and ukraine . 
  it 's intended to provide a place for discussions of trade , economic strategy , travel agreements , and other issues between the eu and these countries . 
  i agree trump is an absolute twat , but you 're delusional if you think clinton will be a good president . 
  i told you guys that china would be russia 's ally, 
  that 's true . 
  i am all for the hungarian minority to protest whatever they want to protest , but these guys show up and make things violent and violence should have no place there . 
  and they clearly have other interests too so while the average hungarian in romania might be clueless about that , it is good to keep in mind that sometimes , even those who say they are on our side can be bad people . 
   there are always stories about transylvanian hungarians getting hurt and beated i 'm not the most knowledgeable person to discuss this , but as far as i know no one has gotten beaten up for being a hungarian . 
  someone can contradict me if they have proof but i think that 's propaganda . 
  in contrast , i 've heard there are places in transylvania where hungarians refuse to speak romanian at all . 
  but i think they have an overall good life . 
  there 's a hungarian party in politics named udmr ( though they 're just as corrupt as other romanian politicians lol ) , there 's a university for hungarians where they learn in hungarian . . there 's lots of stuff . 
  and yeah , hooligans suck . 
  they say a lot of nasty stuff , but i guess i can easily associate them with stupid nationalistic romanians who say shit as well . 
  we 've lost territories to ukraine and stalin ripped our moldova in two , but we 're not as intense as some hungarians are . 
  history is history and we should just get over it sometimes . 
  and if something is to ever change regarding this , violence and petty interests should n't be the cause . 
  sure thing . 
  [ this ] ( http://hungarytoday.hu/news/hungarian-extremist-accused-plotting-bomb-celebration-romanias-national-holiday-36365 ) is an article from hungarian press , first thing to come up on google search [ this ] ( http://www.romania-insider.com/extremist-tries-to-detonate-bomb-in-central-romania/ ) is an article from the romanian press ( english ) and [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tzvczfmxexc ) is a documentary made by romanian press about this specific organization in romania . 
  turn on cc for translation . 
  from my point of view , they 're idiots who spread propaganda that even harms the hungarian minority themselves . 
  not to mention that they actually support russia 's invasion of ukraine . 
  what ? 
  this looks quite cool . 
  that 's because it is said that you have to cover your head when you go to church . 
  it 's not mandatory but old women do it . 
  thing is , a lot of big countries spread propaganda and follow their interests , but russia obviously stands out because of ukraine and recent events in syria . 
  not to say that the others are n't getting their hands dirty there , it 's obviously all a big mess , but i guess the reasonable thing to do is to always be a bit weary . 
  they also fund separatist movements throughout europe . 
  there 's suspicion that the hungarian organization that wanted to use bombs on romania 's national day could have been funded by not only hungary 's jobbik , but russia itself . 
  i do n't think it is . 
  i think it would n't be too hard to implement that before the end of 2017 . 
   the canadian authorities have sent a proposal to both the romanian and bulgarian governments . 
  according to this offer , the visas are to be lifted in stages until may 2018 . 
  however , unlike the bulgarian authorities , the romanian officials did n't agree with this deadline . 
  they would want the canadians to propose a specific date for 2017 . 
   the negotiations between the romanian and canadian authorities are set to continue this week . 
  the only one who 's delusion is you . 
  calm down . 
  `` i do n't know , but yes , but i do n't know , but alright '' eu : so what 's it gon na be ???!!!, 
  more support than i would have thought . 
  also . . i did n't expect hungary to be in favor of this or bulgaria to be like `` idk '' . 
  or ireland to be against it . 
  the north result is as expected though . 
  oh no , it 's out of control now lol, 
  worse than bush ? 
  lmao, 
   the average person of the uk and especially england has no interest in free movement beyond western europe . 
  not quite true . 
  not as much , but there is some . 
   i do n't think brexit would have even been an issue if it were n't for the mass migration from eastern europe . 
  can i ask you how romanians would be if your companies started employing a large amount of foreigners at wages below which they could afford to live comfortably ? 
  i know , i know uk would love to keep free movement if it excluded southern and eastern europe , but we 're in the union too . 
  you ca n't have one without the other . 
  and that 's my base principle on this . 
  you ca n't say yes and no to people based on their nationality . 
  why not make uk employers pay eastern and south europeans ( who obviously get the job done or they would n't be hired ) to be paid the same amount as everyone else ? 
  i mean sure , some ee and se workers would work for a lesser pay but why is that allowed ? 
  why not hunt down employers and make it clear that they can not pay them any less than what a uk citizen would get . 
  they will surely lose this `` advantage '' . 
  besides , if these people work there legally , they pay taxes there too . 
  ** edit : ** remember that romanians in uk are half the number of french in uk . 
  i hope they maintain this position till the end . 
  i want a house like that :(, 
  you live in a country that used to be an empire which enslaved people and stole their culture . 
  try again . 
  the only one you can understand due to your frankly limited linguistic skills, 
  i saw the warning , but i still watched it . 
  goddamn that was a nasty video . 
  i 'm sorry for ukraine for having to endure such horrors because of russia . 
  except one country invaded the other so technically country no . 
  2 is just defending their land and people, 
  1 . you need to acknowledge that these really young girls ' perceptions could have very well been influenced by living in a goddamn nasty environment where their father/an adult rapes them . 
  think of stockholm syndrome where the victim idolizes the abuser . 
  you need to realize that most probably all those cases you talk about are actually about young women being physically , mentally and emotionally abused so much that they ca n't realize it . 
  not to mention that even idea of trying to make that sound like a good situation makes me feel like you 're not quite right in the head . 
  that is disgusting . 
  young women raped is dusting , no matter how you put it . 
  2 . incest causes a lot of issues for the babies . 
  that 's scientifically proven . 
  3 . let 's be real ... you talk about `` young women getting raped and regretting their abortion '' . 
  that rarely even happens and if it happens it 's because of what i said in the first point . 
  there 's influence there . 
  that 's never genuine . 
  what the hell are you on about you sound insane, 
  besides , romania has had that ban during communism and we know it 's bad, 
  while i agree with you you have to remember that unlike in romania during the 80s the majority of russians trust and agree with their current government .
