  think of the most stupid person you know , the biggest moron you 've ever dealt with in your life ... well , that person 's vote counts like exactly yours . 
  how can this be fair ? 
  in my opinion democracy is flawed , it allows stupid people to vote , and their vote counts like the vote of the most intelligent people in the country . 
  that 's my personal opinion , and i do n't want to discuss it here too much , as it is very prone to be misinterpreted ... 
  i do n't want any kind of dictatorship , i am just saying that democracy sucks , it just sucks less than any other forms of government . 
   the problem is that almost no one is declaring more than 100.000 euros in italy . 
  citation needed  out of curiosity , how expensive was it ? 
  19 dkk ( 2.5 euro ) for 1 hour . 
  anyway you have to compare it to the cost of life and with the average income in denmark ... 
  it lines up quite well with the prices in milan if i recall correctly ...  ( btw , there is no subway in milan from the airport ( s ) to the city center ; the train to mxp is good and a bit more expensive than the usual commuter train ) . 
  i took the train ( which btw is owned by a private owned company , it 's a shame that such a service is n't provided by the state given the huge taxes i pay ) to milano centrale and then the subway ... 
   anyway , a perhaps somewhat naive question , but why have n't you called for reforms then ? 
  in every program of every party who run in any election in the latest 25 years , reforms played a key role . 
  once in charge they always struggled to make the reforms we need , and in the end all parties ( centre-left and centre-right ) gave up . 
  man , we had a taxi driver revolt because the government wanted to sell more taxi licenses ; and in the end no new taxi license were sold !, 
  to make a reform someone has to lose some of their privileges , in italy no-one wants to do that and we are very good at lobbying ( very very powerful trade unions who often influence the political scene . ), 
   i mean , the fault is no ones but italy 's , i 'm sorry to say . 
  no , not all italy is to blame !, 
  i blame the people who governed italy in the last 25 year ; and no , they are not direct expression of what the people want , democracy ( maybe in italy more than in other countries ) is faulty in many ways . 
   i must say though , from an economic standpoint , he is doing the right thing . 
  well i would put higher tax brackets for people with very high income , or at least progressive higher taxes proportional to income . 
  well , ok , some new taxes may be necessary , but i do n't think that taxing fuel , carbonated drinks , medical examinations and cigarettes ( i.e. 
  goods anyone will use ) will be able to make a difference . 
  if you tax fuel who will fell the difference are the people who are already struggling to pay for fuel , definitely not the people who should pay for the present economic crisis . 
   what do you mean , i think it depends on where you live in the nordic countries . 
  in the countryside , you are basically f ** cked . 
  just one example : i 've travelled to copenhagen in june , then i went back to italy , and had to take public transportation in milan from the airport to the city center ... 
  the subway in copenhagen was awesome . 
  when in milan ( the economic capital of italy ) he difference was astonishing : the subway vehicles in milan are dirty , too crowded ( people is always packed even beyond peak hours , more rides would be needed ) and rarely on schedule ...  i wish i could solve it . 
  me too !, 
  well , you know , raising the taxation rate it 's not the only way to put a state balance in order . 
  also , the new taxes introduced are ridicolous ... carbonated drinks ? 
  come on ... fuel ? 
  that 's gon na hit pretty hard on people who go to work by car , and have no viable alternatives ( as opposed to nordic countries , even if we pay high taxes our public transportation services are shitty ! ), 
  in the end who is paying is , as usual , the middle class . 
  the upper class is not affected by stupid taxes on cigarettes , drinks , fuel . 
  the lower class is chronically on unemployment benefits ... 
  sorry to be so bitter , but a 25 y.o. 
  italian the current situation looks pretty bad , and mr. monti 's measures seem to be suffocating the last few bright people who wanted to work in this country . 
  well people are n't moving just because of huge taxation , to make it clearer people are moving because in italy the taxation does not correspond to an adequate number of service provided by the state . 
  in nordic countries the high taxation corresponds to a many services that state provides for free ... 
  in italy the services provided by the state are so and so while the taxation skyrocketed in last year . 
   unsurprisingly , boat owners have fled to more welcoming havens . 
  i live in the north-east area , one of the richest of italy , and sadly many entrepreneurs are moving their business abroad . 
  mr. monti says that the ginormous taxes are just a temporary measure , and that they will be lowered sooner or later . 
  i feel that every day italy is losing capitals and brilliant people who are forced to move : what will remain once the state finance is ok and the taxes are finally lowered ? 
  is there anything remarkable about this video ? 
  i celebrate like that with my friends every time italy scores !, 
  you are over-thinking it ... 
  it 's not a matter of < mycountry  being better than < yourcountry  , and it 's not even a matter of nationalism . 
  it 's just national pride , which is , in my opinion a good feeling . 
  i 'm proud of my country even if i know that with respect to a lot of aspects other countries are better than mine . 
  time will tell . 
  as an italian i just wanted to point out that , according to my personal experience , people are pretty desperate . 
  i live in one of the richest ares of italy and last week an entrepreneur committed suicide because he was n't able to pay his employees any longer . 
  that being said , you are right , time will be the only judge of mr. monti 's measures . 
  have you ever heard of the laffer curve ? 
  there is a level of taxation beyond which , even raising the tax brackets , the state is not going to get more revenue , because the higher taxes will suffocate the economy . 
  in that situation the right solution in order to get an higher tax revenue is to actually __ lower __ taxation , so that the economy is relaunched . 
  i suspect that , in italy , we reached that point . 
  entrepreneurs are struggling to pay the employees , i know of young couples who just bought a new house through a mortgage loan a simply wo n't be able to pay the new real estate property tax . 
  it 's not that they will be struggling to pay for it , the do n't have the money to pay for it !, 
  i do n't think that the monti government will be any better than the so-called `` caste '' ... monti is just a figurehead put into his place to make unpopular reforms . 
  we will miss the old times in a few months , the new taxes will suffocate italy . 
  just my two cents . 
  in my opinion she did look a little like a psychopath ... she was saying that the pensions above about 950 $ would be `` frozen '' at the current level for the next year , and would n't be reindexed for inflation . 
  this may be a big deal , but ... bursting into tears ? 
  really ? 
  if she gets that emotional she should better not serve as minister ... 
  i mean , the fiscal and pension reform the italian government is putting into place will be painful and will require lot of sacrifices , but ... what if she were to announce a war , a catastrophe , an invasion by a foreign country ? 
  will she be able to speak ? 
  clearly she 's not fit for her job . 
  a fiscal and pension reform , as painful as it may be , it 's not something a minister should cry for ... what would happen if she were to announce a catastrophe , an invasion by a foreign state or something along these lines ? 
  should we find her a nanny ? 
  no , the pdl ( his party ) got 38 % . 
  please keep in mind that the quote comes from the transcript of a private conversation of berlusconi with a friend , which was leaked and published by an italian newspaper . 
  i 'm quite sure that nearly every redditor has said much more offensive things about women in private conversations with friends ;-), 
  please note that in italy there is a huge number of mps , about 1000 . 
  so that 's an high expense , i agree , but not so high as the title would imply ; it 's about # 10.000 per mp . 
  i 'd guess that if you compare it with the per mp expenses on private health care in any other european country you would get similar figures . 
  i 've just read that you had a nearly identical argue about the misleading 95 % figure you keep on quoting . 
  deliberately repeating the same error is what i call lack of intellectual honesty . 
  now i 'm doubting that you can read and understand what i wrote ... let 's end it here ;-), 
   the referendum was valid and passed with a 95 % `` yes '' . 
  why this is not noteworthy , while berlusconi 's relative majority is ? 
  re-read your first comment . 
  from that comment it seemed that 95 italian out of 100 voted against berlusconi . 
  if you have any intellectual honesty left , you must admit that it was misleading , at least . 
  you forgot to mention that in an italian referendum the abstention has a clear political meaning , and that the government parties asked their electors not to vote , and that part of the 42 % of italian which choose not to vote could be seen as berlusconi 's policies supporters . 
   anyway , i see no point on continuing this thread : this is a typical example of the toxic climate in italy , and i do n't want it to spread on reddit too . 
  what you call `` toxic climate '' i call it `` debate '' . 
  if you do n't want debate on reddit you 've come to the wrong place , unsubscribe before it 's too late !, 
   while the people that actually voted for him are about 20 % of the population . 
  welcome to democracy . 
  you can rule a country while having only a relative majority . 
  anyway , even now when berlusconi 's popularity is in rapid decline , no less than 35-40 italians out of 100 are with him ; i do n't know where did you get that 20 % figure , but it seems just wrong to me . 
  i do n't like mr. berlusconi , and i like him even lesser after the government approved the latest finance law . 
  anyway , please note that the fact that mr. berlusconi lies from time to time , does n't allow you to lie . 
   `` paid by the left wing '' . 
  the flags in padova were attached to nearly every streetlight pole , and were commisioned by the local administration .
