  thank you !, 
  very interesting read !, 
  ( among other facts ) there are no snakes in ireland !, 
  according to a legend it was st. patrick who ditched them from the island . 
  i freaking hate snakes , and when i was a little child i fantasized about moving to ireland ... 
  well , i posted some objective facts , you gave an interpretation and you did n't like it . 
  seems like it is your problem . 
  so the official statement below the video by the orchestra workers is a big , fat lie ? 
   the orchestras will continued to function . 
  if you took the time to read the official statement from the orchestra workers , just below the video , it says : `` our very existence is at stake '' , among a lengthy description which you may find very informative . 
  seems like you are very wrong . 
  yes !, 
  i really ca n't see why italy should need a law against homophobia . 
  we have laws regulating defamation ( diffamazione ) and insult ( ingiuria ) and that 's enough . 
  it would be silly to explicitly mention every single possible victim of those crimes ( homosexuals , women , etherosexuals , men , rich persons , poor persons , etc. . . ) and also it would make the law less neutral as far as the sexual orientation is concerned , not really a step towards equality imho . 
  no one can insult no one ... that 's fine for me !, 
  in italy is british english that should be taught in school . 
  however usually the average high school student is not fluent enough for the accent to have any relevance , i mean , it will just be italian accent . 
  the spelling usually is the british one . 
  still , the british accent feels weird to me , because of tv , movies , songs , etc. . . 
  very interesting article , but a tad biased , in my opinion . 
   bersani made what may go down in history as a genuinely tragic mistake . 
  he did the one thing he absolutely should n't have done : engage in direct one-on-one negotiations with berlusconi . 
  what they do n't say is that bersani negotiated with the five star movement for about one month after the elections , and they always refused to form a coalition government . 
  after humiliating himself and his party chasing the five stars movement deputies for one month , the only thing he could do was negotiating with berlusconi , no other coalitions are possible with the current numbers in the parliament . 
  no , that law has been around way before berlusconi . 
  i was in the u.s. on september 11th , a couple of years ago . 
  i really envied their national unity , flags everywhere , all people were sincerely saddened in commemorating that day and proud to be american at the same time . 
  it was almost moving ... 
  so , no , in my opinion it is not weird at all to feel that way after a terrorist attack . 
  just my opinion : new elections will be taken soon , and would have been taken anyway , as it is impossible to form a clear majority . 
  i do n't really see grillo winning , in my opinion he knows that he gained the vote of a large share of electorate through a series of coincidences which are nearly impossible to happen again . 
  also , latest elections showed that polls in italy have huge error margins ( even 10 % ) , but , for what is worth , pdl ( mr. berlusconi 's party ) according to many polls is now the biggest party in italy . 
  as hayek pointed out there can not be personal freedom without economic freedom . 
  the current economic system , in my opinion , is more related to democracy than most people think ... 
  of course i do . 
  but even the leader says that it is not a party . 
  and , also , there is no doubt that it is being led by a comedian . 
  `` the whole argument that you think it 's good that europe is finding equality by moving the top countries downwards '' --  i only spoke about an effect , and i never said that it is good or bad . 
  of course when change happens someone wins and someone loses . 
  i never gave any judgement about the `` safety car '' effect , just reported it . 
  you implied some kind of judgement on my part , and criticized me for something exists only in your mind . 
  you fool . 
  `` let 's round all the eurozone countries down to the poorest in the interest of camaraderie . '', 
  --  again something i never said . 
  the safety car effect is not something i want , or hope , or desire ... you are inferring it , and you are inferring it wrong , it is just an economical analysis i am reporting . 
  it is hardly a party , it is some sort of a movement led by a comedian . 
  your last comment hardly makes any sense . 
  ( luckily enough the downvotes your are receiving speak for themselves ... ), 
  i would rather say : a typical example of slippery slope logical fallacy . 
  you are carrying the line of thought to the extreme . 
  no one said that we must become as poor as the third world . 
  the main argument ( with which i agree ) is that if the leader of the group ( let 's say usa ) slows down , the people behind ( let 's say italy , or spain ) can get competitive and remain on par even after the end of the crisis . 
  no need to invoke apocalyptic scenarios , people screaming running on the streets , the europe in the third world and so on ... 
  i remember a quantitative analyst saying the same thing more or less in the early years of the current economic crisis ( 2010-ish ) . 
  he talked about the `` safety car effect '' , when an emergency situation allows someone who is lagging behind to catch up with the best competitors , just like in formula 1 . 
  i am still waiting and hoping that this will be true . 
  berlusconi says lots of things , many of which contrast from each other . 
  my feeling is that at the present state he would ally with anyone , but no one wants to form a government with him . 
  he will have a very hard time forming a government , as his coalition does n't have a majority in the higher house . 
  also grillo ( ex-comedian , now political leader ) does not want to support a bersani government . 
  it seems to me that the only option is a big coalition with berlusconi 's pdl and monti , but for many reasons bersani does n't want him as an ally . 
  if that wo n't work , most likely italy will have new elections . 
  apart from the monti bit i agree ... 
  i mean , the center-left coalition won in the lower house by 0.36 % , and i hear all this whining about the electoral law ... 
  they ca n't even win against a comedian and a compulsive liar . 
  i ca n't reply to your other comment , weird ... 
  i am replying here . 
  your link is a source for a statement along the lines of `` senior citizens are being misled by a letter sent by berlusconi which was , indeed , misleading '' . 
  it is not a source for your previous , blatantly racist statement `` berlusconi gains consensus among the most naive part of the country , older and uneducated people '' . 
  statistically speaking , what you did is a clear example of selection bias , you ca n't look only at the people waiting in queue at the post office , who are of course naive and of course trust berlusconi ( these two conditions not being related whatsoever ! ), 
  in order to demonstrate that only naive people vote for berlusconi . 
  mr. monti had one year and he did not lower taxation , nor did he cut the government spending . 
  that 's the data . 
  his supporters say that the economic situation was so bad that he could n't improve our economy in such a short time span . 
  my personal opinion is that maybe the higher taxation was necessary , but he could have cut government spending by a whole lot . 
  the president of the province of bolzano ( representing roughly half a million of persons ) earns more than obama ; the salary of the head of italian police is four times higher than the director of fbi ; the monthly income of the president of inps ( italian social security agency ) is not even known for alleged `` privacy reasons '' ... yet he is paid with taxpayer money !, 
  this list could continue forever . 
  italian here . 
  it seems to me that many are missing the key point behind berlusconi electoral victories . 
  sure he controls the media , but also his sex scandals had a very big resonance on tv and this may be a double-edged sword ; sure other parties suck pretty badly , but it would be impossible to compete with mr. berlusconi 's party in this respect . 
  my personal point is that italy is a country with many problems , but without any doubt the most important is that there is a huge presence of the state : lot of taxation ( and by lots , i mean up to 55 % ) and lots of government spending ( and by lots i mean that the taxes are barely enough to cover for those expenses ) . 
  in this situation berlusconi has always spoken against taxation , against government spending . 
  ( beware : he has spoken very much , but has done very little ... 
  i 'm not supporting him ! ), 
  on the other side the left-wing coalition never spoke clearly against those issues , and in this electoral campaign never denied clearly the possibility of introducing a `` patrimonial tax '' like in 1992 ( i.e. 
  the government took as a tax the 0.6 % from every italian bank account as an extraordinary measure ) people who agree with me , and deem the omnipresent government as the main problem of italy , may vote for berlusconi who , at least , swears that this time will solve the problems , rather than voting for people who are not even trying . 
  that 's why the italian left wing parties will keep on losing for ever and ever . 
  that 's why bersani made the worst electoral campaign ever and dilapidated a 15 % advantage . 
  this very feeling of moral superiority ( `` only naive people vote for berlusconi , only intelligent people vote for pd '' ) has kept them from doing anything good for italy . 
  the persons i see on a daily basis are ph.d. students and university professors ( i am a ph.d. student myself ) , so the education level is well above the average . 
  my field of research ( physics ) is also traditionally left-wing oriented . 
  guess what , the voting percentages among this group utterly reflect the national ones . 
  ( despite the left-wing supporters being , as usual , very vocal ! ), 
  also , saying ( without any source !, 
  ) , that the naive/stupid part of the country votes for berlusconi is a very racist statement . 
  ( in case someone is wondering , i am not voting neither berlusconi nor anyone in his coalition ... 
  but i feel depressed by the crap and misconceptions berlusconi opponents are stuck into ), 
  your comment is a masterpiece in disinformation . 
  lawyers did not benefit from anything done by berlusconi in the last five years .
