agreed . 
  jokes apart , i always wondered how many erasmus couples and erasmus children are there in europe !, 
  still , not very surprising . 
  really ? 
  students hook up with other people while studying abroad ? 
  surprising !, 
  maybe he meant that the italian railways are constantly at a loss . 
  even if the fares are cheaper than the other europeans country , sometimes , you must also consider that according to recent estimates 16 % of the gigantic italian public debt has been created by trenitalia ( the italian public railways service ) operating at a loss . 
  so , a little back-of-the-envelope calculation : italian public debt = gdp * 125 % = 1838 bln $ amount on interest on the debt created by trenitalia : italian public debt * 16 % * 3.5 % / ( italian population ) where 16 % is the percentage of the debt created by trenitalia , and 3.5 % is the interest rate at which italian bonds are sold . 
  so , each italian citizen pays ( with taxes ) 171 $ just in interests on the debt created by italian railways . 
  that debt is not going away , italians pay that amount just to maintain it constant . 
  do you still think that our public transportation service is cheap ? 
   hayek is over a half century ago . 
  so what ? 
  btw , economical positions similar to hayek 's have been around for centuries and are still around and have a fair share of support . 
  socialism itself has been around for way longer , and i 'm not questioning its validity because of its age . 
   he thought it was `` alright '' , but he was n't strictly against institutions such as central banks . 
  i am completely in favor of central institutions , and hayek was , too . 
  a libertarian is not opposed to a central administration . 
  a libertarian is not opposed to taxation , to a redistribution of wealth , to helping the poor by using taxpayers ' money . 
  maybe you are thinking of an anarchist , if you think so . 
  but , as we are speaking of socialism , i 'm against the social ownership of the means of production . 
  because that 's what socialism is about . 
  btw , you are completely missing my point . 
  i never spoke of capitalism , i just pointed out the extreme dangers of socialism . 
  as in theory , and as observed in practice in every socialist state . 
   your right to economic freedom is n't god given . 
  agreed . 
  that 's why i like to take a stance for economic freedom , by pointing out the consequence of the lack of economical freedom : the lack of personal freedom . 
  as demonstrated by the history of socialist countries , as explained by hayek , one of the most brilliant economists of the last century . 
   most people never start a business in their lives , do you really think this is a good argument against economic freedom ? 
  most people never need an unemployment benefit in their lives , shall we remove unemployment benefits ? 
   it 's about thinking less of `` me '' and thinking about more of `` us . '', 
  nice slogan . 
  however , history has shown that a socialist state ( as was soviet russia , not as is sweden ) tends to be very oppressive . 
  facts vs. slogans . 
   economics is n't only about competition , sometimes it 's about a healthy mix of cooperation . 
  again : you are mistaken . 
  the term `` socialism '' in this context refers to a radical vision of the state . 
  it 's not a healthy mix , it 's the `` social ownership of the means of production '' . 
  no , actually the base concept of socialism is a little bit more radical : `` socialism is a social and economic system characterised by social ownership of the means of production and co-operative management of the economy '' ( wiki ) then it somehow merged with free market and democratic ideas , so that now the terms encompasses a wide range of very different situations . 
  wiki also says : `` for the concept where the state promotes the social and economic well-being of its citizens sometimes mistaken with socialism , see welfare state . '', 
  i 'm fine with a socialist-like influence in a democratic state , i 'm not fine with the social ownership of the means of production . 
  i want economic freedom , i want to be able to start a business !, 
  and i suspect that , give the context , `` human face of socialism '' refers to the definition i gave , rather than yours . 
  people here are quoting yugoslavia rather than , say , sweden as a possible example of `` human face of socialism '' so i think it 's understood that it should be my definition . 
  should it be your definition , i wo n't object , but the human face of __ that __ socialism is clear and undebatable . 
  are we speaking of a socialist government inside a democracy , or of a socialist state ? 
   `` socialism with a human face '' actually i wonder if it can exist . 
  according to hayek there ca n't be personal freedom without economic freedom . 
  also einaudi pointed out that socialism has been chronically unable of formulating a theory of the state . 
  so it seems like strong limitations of personal freedom are needed in a socialist state ( at least i completely agree with those supporting this point of view ) , and personally i do n't see anything human in the deprivation of personal freedom and civil rights . 
  did you do it ? 
  very nice !, 
   cristian leftist ? 
  they doesent ' exist my friend . 
  clearly you do n't live in italy , and you have very bad information about our politics . 
  i do n't know what to say , if not even a wikipedia page is not enough to convince you that you are blatantly wrong ... have a nice day !, 
  you are really wrong , my friend ... 
  some excerpts from wikipedia to make you understand : the democratic party ( italian : partito democratico , pd ) is a social-democratic political party in italy . 
  the party was founded as a merger of various left-wing and centrist parties which had been part of the union in the 2006 general election . 
  while several parties merged into the pd , its bulk was formed by the democrats of the left ( heirs of the italian communist party ) and democracy is freedom -- the daisy . 
  within the party , an important role is played by christian leftists , who are direct heirs of the late christian democracy 's left . 
  sorry but i do n't get your point . 
  i still do n't understand what 's wrong in my statement `` he comes from the main center-left party , pd . '', 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/democratic_party_ ( italy ), 
  if you were a little bit more informed about italian politics and italy in general , you would know three simple facts : 1 ) florence is not a small city . 
  2 ) renzi , while being mayor of florence , has become more and more relevant at a national level . 
  over one year ago he ran in the primary elections to lead the democratic party , losing to bersani , and he ran again a couple of months ago , winning . 
  anyone would say that in the latest year he 's been very focused on national politics , actually he 's been criticized for being not-so-present in florence . 
  3 ) it 's quite common in italy for people occupying key positions in a party 's hierarchy to be mayor of a city . 
  no , they did not . 
  and there are also big non-berlu media . 
  no , he comes from the main center-left party , pd . 
  short answer : yes , graduates are still going abroad . 
  long answer : the interpretation of this phenomenon is quite debated . 
  my very personal feeling is that at least part of those young people are going abroad just because it 's fashionable , also accepting unqualified jobs they would never accept in italy . 
  do n't get me wrong : the job market is still quite still , but in my opinion that 's just one of the causes . 
  a couple of friends of mine are now in london , both of them graduated from university , and both of them looked for a __ qualified __ job in italy . 
  now they are working as a nanny and as a door-to-door seller ( or something like that , i did n't understand too well ) in london . 
  i work in italy and among my coworkers there is a girl from germany . 
  we are both 26 . 
  does this have bigger socio-economical implications ? 
  or maybe the erasmus generation is moving more freely among europe ? 
  italian here , i do n't really know . 
  the feeling is that we get some very feeble signals of a recovering economy , but still our structural problems are making the country lagging behind europe . 
  the gdp is expected to increase slightly in the current year , and to increase by a bigger amount ( 2.0 % iirc ) during 2015 . 
  among the encouraging signals i would also mention political stability ( ok , it 's not that stable , but as compared to one year ago 's chaos , we are doing much better ) and some economic data showing that ( hopefully ) the worst part of the economic crisis is now behind . 
  i do n't think that case could set a precedent , because the stuff is horribly complicated by military laws and nato treaties . 
  came here to say that !, 
  seems like i was wrong ... 
  according to google translate `` gora '' means forest , but also mountain . 
  thanks for pointing it out . 
  their language is virtually identical to serbian , but some years ago they decided to formally create a new language . 
  lazy , according to other balcanic people . 
  cigarette smuggling from montenegro to italy . 
  ~ ~ the name means black mountain in venetian , but actually its montenegrin name crna gora means black valley . ~ ~ separated from serbia quite peacefully . 
  are you sure ? 
  i am able to understand all of them , and i suppose that i also use all of them on a regular basis , and i 'm from north-eastern italy . 
  personally , i prefer copenholm ...
