  life in germany is no different than before . 
  all parties backed this so they could take votes from the pvv , if they had n't done this they would 've seemed too soft and the pvv could 've stood to benefit . 
  my opinion of merkel has gone down the drain because of this , she has no balls . 
  he 's not that dumb , he 'll likely just give some harsh statement today and call everyone a nazi . 
  they are close , much closer than other political parties in other countries , but that 's a natural result of the median voter theorem . 
  i am not going to go into all the difference between them , just have a look at the manifestos ... 
  do n't spread bullshit . 
  i loved the sudden `` again , ignore the communist flag , i do n't want to remove it . '', 
  nato is made to keep borders stable , not to assist mutual political goals . 
  turkey is of great geographic importance , and the us stores nukes there . 
  removing turkey from nato would mean that we 'd just end up with another war mongering islamic regime in the region within a decade or so . 
  turkey should be shunned , the eu application should be withdrawn , heavy sanctions should be imposed by the eu for the nazi comments , erdogan should be condemmed by european leaders , and many diplomats should be removed to keep them safe ( turkey has the worst human rights record in europe and has a history of shitting on diplomacy , their safety is paramount ) . 
  where were you when kebab was remove ? 
  99 % sure it wo n't ( at least significantly ) . 
  erdogan will throw a tantrum , the dutch will keep justifying it , and that 's it . 
  at fucking 2am as well ... 
  what your government does is not your fault , do n't apologise !, 
  no , the spd is far more left in terms of economics and is n't as anti-regulation as the cdu . 
  the main differences are economic . 
  but resisting arrest is a complete diplomatic nono as well . 
  she had bodyguards in a secured vehicle and resisted the police 's orders in order to escalate the conflict . 
  if a diplomat is asked to leave they leave , that 's how it works . 
  i am glad she was n't arrested or anything like that because it would 've escalated things , but this has to have consequences . 
  not like i was going to get off my pc anyways :-d thanks for the warning !, 
  wait for tomorrow . 
  95 % of people are asleep right now , which is why the reaction is so small . 
  erdogan said the consequences would be `` tenfold '' of what the dutch did . 
  i just hope the turkish people in rotterdam know that they are still 100 % welcome , i 'd hate to have fewer restaurants with kapsalon to choose from . 
  so should n't she be trialed for not complying with the police then ? 
  why would they escort her out of the country without consequences if she is n't being treated like a diplomat . 
  if a normal citizen locked themselves in a car to avoid arrest they 'd be charged ... 
  i 'm in rotterdam , tempted to walk down there to see what 's happening . 
  a lot of police sirens in the background tonight . 
  the protesters are shouting chants with `` allah hu akbar '' on dutch television , this is not going to improve any relations and will give the nationalist more fuel . 
  good job erdogan , you fucked up turkish relations completly . 
  yeah , the dutch economy is larger than the turkish one ( by gdp ) even though it has 1/4 of the people . 
  lots of immigrants , but the economies are n't closely linked . 
  however , nl ca n't impose individual sanction ( because eu ) , so this would mean the eu as a whole would likely escalate with counter-sanctions . 
  the cia, 
  well , you 're much more likely to get hit by a car or get killed by hundreds of other causes . 
  of course every terror attack is one too many , but it 's not a real risk by any statistical means . 
  do n't let terrorists affect you or scare you , that 's their goal . 
  shall we count civilian deaths on both sides of the conflict ? 
  one stack will be much larger than the other . 
  it feels sick to compare the loss of human lives like this , but there is no real comparison . 
  this is n't an acceptable thing to do . 
  most people on both sides just want peace i bet : - / the pkk needs to go though , i agree . 
  nah , just saying that the \u00d6vp is far more right than the cdu . 
  and the green party is n't the conservative party ... 
  these things are comparitive . 
  compared to countries like austria the cdu is not that right . 
  social programmes ( often implemented by the spd in previous terms ) are n't cut that intensely by the cdu . 
  she is for free trade and open borders ( depends on you definition of conservative ) . 
  the immigration stance 4 . 
  the cdu itself would be more left without the csu . 
  but the csu provides a good picture of what could be . 
  that fiscally consevative , we 're talking about social views , these are entirely different things . 
  also , a budget surplus is not indicative of much , given the fact that the party influences the budget itself . 
  there are far more conservative nations than germany which still have a budget deficit . 
  merkel is pretty damn left for a conservative party ... 
  i do n't think that 's the case , it 's just the fact that the cdu happens to be against it , and going pro may lead some people to go to the only other party with the `` traditional '' view , the afd . 
  as far as i know the spd , greens , left , pirates are all for it . 
  it 's just a question of time though ... 
  what 's wrong with the lib dems ? 
  do n't tempt the universe pls ... 
  so being realistic makes me an asshole ? 
  * operation tempura those assholes are going to get battered . 
  there are other things far more likely to kill them . 
  my bad !, 
  source ? 
   most presidents are also born quite wealthy . 
  but they still have to get elected , they have to put some work in . 
  this guy gets celebrated fro coming out of the right vagina . 
   a lot of that is used to keep the palaces renovated , which we 'd do without a royal family anyway . 
  and their vacation homes , security , a 737 ... but they do get some income back through tourism to be fair . 
  come on , let 's not delude ourselves . 
  it 's a tradition , i get it , but it 's a tad silly . 
   that , and being king is a full-time occupation by itself . 
  eh , only as much as you make it one . 
  he 's had enoug time to run marathons , get a pilot 's license , ice skate 200km . 
  apart from the standard public appearances , he gets to choose what to do , and he has plenty of money and can weigh into the causes he believes in a likely make a difference a lot of the time quite easily . 
  let 's not pretend royal families are anything but spoiled poster children . 
  that 's not to say they are n't `` good people '' , but it 's not exactly hard , the application requirement is being born . 
  i 'd kill to be in that position . 
  getting millions in taxpayer 's money and posturing around should n't be cause for celebration . 
  but you get a holiday , so i get why you like them :-p, 
  poland can into stronk, 
  oh , i 'm not denying that . 
  you 're absolutely right . 
  all i said is it usually means that . 
  poland is still in the catch-up phase though , and that 's why these figures are attainable . 
  and the fact that it has political stability , and a country with 3 times the gdp per capita in the same customs union right next to it benefits it massively . 
  but i am looking forward to poland 's rapid development explosion , the ihdi is also set to increase massively . 
  it 's not . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/convergence_ ( economics ), 
   growth does n't mean you are n't poor . 
  yup , high growth usually means that you actually are poor . 
  someone does n't know the solow model . 
  countries with lower gdp per capita have much more potential to educate their labour and implement technology . 
  the west literally has to invent that stuff for progress , other countries just need to implement it ( that 's a huge oversimplification though ) .
