  never met someone this stubborn . 
  of course , trade is mutually beneficial , and mutual payoffs could be maximised if everyone got along . 
  but the base assumption ( brexit ) firstly already shows non-compliance , and secondly , you missed the whole point about the deterrent affecting decisions within the customs union . 
  anyways , i 'm done with this , i do appreciate the info and well strcutured argument though , even if we disagree , i learned a lot . 
  but it has nothing to do with the comment chain , you changed your entire argument multiple times . 
  just to state again : a deterrent can maximise long-term payoff by altering the strategy of other observers . 
  i was n't waving my e-dick around , i was responding to your ad hominem attack . 
  and a master in mathematics is irrelevant in an economic debate dependent on deterrents . 
  ** you ca n't model multiple interdependent multilateral trade decisions based on the prisoner 's dilemma or a snowdrift game ** . 
  and i have said that since the very first comment . 
  the paper has nothing to do with actual optimal trade decisions unless there 's a pre-determined mutation rate coupled with a system of consistent strategies . 
  it 's not optimal , but i 'd prefer it , yeah !, 
   true , but populism does n't mean commoners making decisions , does it , it just means fighting for the exploited common man against the elite . 
  it means representing the will/concerns of the people . 
  the will of the common man is often pretty deluded . 
  it 's tricky because the word has changed meaning over time , and many people use it differently . 
  because the common person is pretty dumb and knows nothing about economics . 
  there 's a reason direct democracy is so uncommon . 
  there 's often a sense of injustice even when a fair system is employed . 
  for example , ukip used populist appeals by stating that it 'd save the common person money and harm the elite . 
  well , how does that help when your economy starts declining as a whole ? 
  do n't accuse others of not understanding something because you 're not on the same page , that makes debating these things extremely annoying . 
  only the arguments matter , but the focus of my degree has mainly been behavioural economics , even if my knowledge is still limited ( it 's an insanely large field ) , i do understand what we 're talking about , and both the theory and practical application ( once again , mad ) contradict you in many scenarios . 
  these debates are often about people disagreeing on the basis and implications of decisions from different perspectives . 
   you said it was n't iterated because `` it 's a matter of multiple sequential games '' - this is literally the definition of iteration . 
  firstly , i never said that it was n't iterated ( although that 's true as the payoffs are dynamic ) , i said this was n't a simple iterated prisoner 's dilemma . 
  you can see it as a very large intertwined set of game trees . 
  also , this is a system with dynamic , not static pay-offs . 
   similarly , almost nobody means `` iteration between two players '' when they say iterated prisoner 's dilemma , they mean multiple players from a population play against each other multiple times each ; no , it simply does n't . 
  iterated means the same operation ( game ) applied repeatedly . 
  and no , the prisoner 's dilemma has two people . 
  people do n't refer to any game/sequential game as `` the prisoner 's dilemma '' , it 's not a generic term , it 's a scenario . 
  what i said is completely right . 
   name one . 
  name a strategy in a 2 player game where knowing the other player 's strategy is n't universally beneficial to you . 
  one example is using punishment in an indefinitely repeated stackelberg game . 
   actually , as long as you know the population size and no player remembers the first round , neither the last , they all hold true up to restrictions . 
  can you rephrase this ? 
  i do n't quite get your point . 
   yeah , and that dominant strategy is to favour the other player , as i repeatedly have said . 
  non-zero-sum games exist , and politics/trade is arguably the biggest example . 
  exiting a trade agreement can have the exact consequences described . 
   this is why favouring the other player works . 
  it 's not particularly basic either - the maths to prove it only came out in 2012 . 
  to prove what ? 
  be precise , link the study . 
   as i said in my post , it 's an iterated prisoner 's dilemma or iterated snowdrift . 
  the meaning of iterated is literally `` multiple sequential games '' . 
  no , it 's not . 
  an iterated prisoner 's dilemma maintains the same playersi am talking about multiple interlinked sets of varying players . 
   1 ) no it does n't , the opposition knowing your strategy means you are in an exceptionally weak position no , this is false . 
  pre-commitment can be beneficial in many scenarios , this is undebatable . 
  the assumptions of a finite game with the perfect knowledge you seem to be making do n't exist in an infinite game with imperfect information . 
  this means you ca n't use backward induction , and it means that you ca n't make decisions solely based on the payoff within the game as your decisions influence other games . 
   2 ) there 's no such thing as a `` more dominant strategy '' - it 's either dominant or it is n't . 
  and , as i said , it is a proven fact that favouring your opponent is almost strictly the superior strategy . 
  no , but the likelyhood of a dominant strategy existing can increase , i said on average . 
  once again , we 're talking about a series of games . 
  pre-commitment limits the number of response options ( if assumed to be credible ) , meaning you more often have one strategy which has the largest payoff no matter what as a consequence . 
  the key here ( for the eu ) is to make staying in the eu a dominant strategy for more eu members to discourage negotiations and pressuring . 
  if the eu proves credibility through pre-commitment , that changes the payoff options for eu member states and will make `` remain '' more likely to be dominant , creating stability . 
  setting precedent means other players will optimize their payoffs by avoiding the scenario with pre-commitment . 
   this is , in fact , the optimal position in a 2 player game . 
  no , this is not a matter of the prisoner 's dilemma because trade is n't a single instance game , it 's a matter of multiple sequential games . 
  having the other side know your `` threats '' are credible allows you to have a more dominant strategy on average . 
  this is why mad exists for example . 
  as you said :  players who favour each other , even when the other side does n't , have the most success in the long run ( i.e. 
  iterated versions of the same game ) . 
  brexit was a deviation from an explicit agreement that was mutually beneficial in terms of raw economics . 
  maintaining favourable relations ( in comparison to the eu membership the uk had ) would signal that a better payoff is possible when exiting the eu . 
  remember that the uk can basically become a trade haven due to it 's geographic location . 
  if the uk gets an eu style deal with the ability to make individual deals with other countries , then a bad precedent is set . 
  but it has . 
  brexit was n't motivated by the eu being unjust , or by actual logical arguments regarding sovereignty or economics . 
  the eu is a common project that requires sticking and working together , the uk has sent a clear message that it wants to work more independently . 
  this obviously has to have consequences to discourage more countries exiting the eu . 
  that does n't mean making anyone suffer , or hating each other . 
  but it definitely changes relations and does burn bridges . 
  and may is n't exactly helping with her attitude . 
  this is about game theory and precedent . 
  yeah , we could just hug , make up , and pretend this never happened by closing a deal that changes very little , but then what will discourage more populist movements from trying to be `` brave '' ? 
  the british public voted for this , they should be ready for the consequences . 
  the eu has a larger gdp , and the point of a customs union with shared trade policies is so strengthen negotiating powers . 
  why should the eu act against its own interests ? 
  this is not about making the uk suffer , it 's about standing up for the strength of the eu . 
  lots of jobs are supported by margins that depend on eu supply chains . 
  there 'll be structural unemployment at the very least . 
  i agree tbh , but for different reasons . 
  do n't bitch , live your life and move on . 
  what were the odds ? 
  that 's after it was linked . 
  i went there earlier , full on denial , persecution complex , etc. 
  still arguing with people , about to give up though . 
  also , as a sidenote . 
  saying `` ok , let 's just say both sides were bad . '', 
  is not a good attitude at all . 
  you have to make sure history is n't denied . 
  i agree with the people talking about how the killing of any people is bad , but that 's not what today is for . 
  all credit to the turks going against the post in the comments though !, 
  in israel , yeah .
