true, 
  i think airsofts under 25 $ ca n't really be considered weapons anymore . 
  i 'm not a gun guy , but is n't it almost impossible to kill humans with a .22 ? 
  i thought those are mostly for killing squirrels and other small animals , or maybe target practice, 
  another ? 
  how is reddit anti-us in any way ? 
  i 'm pretty sure hyperbole and hyperbowl are pronounced in the same way, 
  having moved to austria one month ago , i 'm really really glad i 'm in vienna , where people are way more tolerant and friendly ( most of the time ) , even if you are from germany !, 
  not directly but we do sell a shit ton of weapons , sometimes into crisis zones , so in a way , yeah, 
  pretty sure germany , or west germany , paid reparations until the 90s , rightfully so imo, 
  egypt did n't cause it , that 's the difference, 
  he already said he agrees that iraq was shit , your comment is pointless, 
  that username ... 
  i might watch pka this week, 
  ok then i strongly disagree with his point lol, 
  i guess you 're right ( no pun ) . 
  next bundestagswahl should be next year and i hope the crisis is settled to a degree until then so that afd does n't gain any seats nationally , but obviously the big parties need to react now to keep that from happening . 
  funny you should say that about merkel , before the whole refugee thing i was against merkel 100 % because she did n't have a stance and was kind of an opportunist ( or pragmatist , depending on perspective ) , so that 's where my respect for her comes from . 
  before this , i did n't really have any  anyway , i 'm just gon na leave it at that , i got ta clean my room , but thanks for the interesting discussion . 
  because i do n't think about reddit comments for half an hour before writing them . 
  i elaborated on my views in [ this comment ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4bgfv0/several_explosions_at_brussels_airport/d190mux ), 
  it 's not about centuries , i 'm talking decades, 
  still missed the point , not even gon na bother, 
  me , as a native as you so lovingly called us , do n't necessarily agree about the non consensual thing . 
  and new years eve was fucked up , but while people were talking about that , they still ignore the culture of sexual harrassment that i huge from the natives themselves . 
  but noone wants to hear that , because that 's just `` what we do '' . 
  it 's way too easy to just blame the other guys while ignoring the problems in your own house . 
  but with an issue as complicated as this it 's very hard to stay rational , because both sides have valid points . 
  but my values are against generalizing whole groups of people or ethnicity . 
  maybe i 'm too young and naive , but how do they say ... 
  if i 'm wrong i do n't wan na be right e : just noticed i start like every sentence with but , forgive my rhethorical skills i 've been writing comments like all day, 
  to a certain degree i agree with you . 
  it 's not even that i 'm pro `` all refugees welcome without any kind of registration etc etc. 
  you are completely right about the mainstream parties ignoring the problem until protest parties are formed , just to suddenly change their stance to secure voters , i think it 's disgusting , frankly . 
  personally , i do n't feel represented by any of the big parties anymore , `` die linke '' ( the left party ) is the only one i can still see myself voting for . 
  the whole crisis hasbeen handled pretty horrendously , but i have to say that i gained a ton of respect for merkel , sticking to her policy in the face of adversity , even to the point where she is now rejected by a big chunk of her own party . 
  i think it shows a lot of integrity that i did n't think she had . 
  as for the criticizing , i 'm not calling everybody worried about mass immigration a nazi or a xenophobe . 
  of course not . 
  that 's the same absolutist shit that other people show in regard to refugees . 
  but i 'm scared of these protest parties evolving into actual , relevant parties . 
  because they gain on this crisis and using the apathy of the mainstream politicians . 
  the voters get swept away by their frustration with the status quo and elect these motherfuckers while ignoring the stuff they spout in private or at their conventions . 
  i think its similar to trump you know ? 
  so yeah , i understand where this mentality is coming from , and i think it should be adressed . 
  on the other hand , i ** do n't ** think that the ends justify the means here . 
  it #s time to act for the politicians , and it 's happening now , i just hope it 's not too little too late . 
  one last point : sure , the people on the `` frontlines '' of this may have legitimate reasons to be upset , but the lion share of the people who are extremely vocal about all this are n't . 
  they literally are n't even cloe to it most of the time . 
  i do n't know if you are german ( multikulti tipped me off ) but clausnitz , a tiny town noone had heard of before , reacted to asylum seekers arriving in their town like [ this ] ( http://www.welt.de/politik/deutschland/article152445670/neuer-videoausschnitt-zeigt-rabiates-polizei-vorgehen.html ) ( video in german but you get the gist , bonus rage at about 1:00 ) . 
  this looks like a freaking lynch mob !, 
  these people are spewing hate at women and children !, 
  i ca n't stay calm about this kind of stuff , i literally feel the rage welling up as soon as they start spouting `` we are the people !, 
  '' , like no !, 
  you are disgusting examples of our people but you are not the people . 
  this was probably my longest reddit comment ever but your response was fair enough so i thought i #d take the time . 
  if you had read my other comment you 'd see i admitted that this was a weak analogy and that i was only talking about certain parallels, 
  come on man , i 'm not saying the facebook posts lead to anything . 
  i 'm saying they paint a picture of the current state of mind . 
  and it 's bad . 
  you know that this is exactly the plan of these terrorists do n't you ? 
  they want you to hate muslims so the conflict escalates . 
  if you start treating every muslim as guilty until proven innocent , they won , and we will * actually have a real war going on in europe . 
  jews are , but that 's beside the point . 
  why is it important if it 's right now or not ? 
  islamic terrorism was n't a big problem when those other groups were active either . 
  i do n't understand how this is supposed to invalidate my point ? 
  i 'm not yelling about anything , i was careful to choose a pretty down to earth tone in all the comments because discussion gets derailed by people blindly screaming their viewpoints from the top of their lungs . 
  still , this `` obsession '' as you call it is completely natural if you grew up left leaning in germany . 
  we just have to be careful to not repeat past mistakes . 
  i did n't scream racism ( not that you care , putting words in my mouth and all ) , but i 'm sorry , it is my personal observation that a wave of xenophobia is hitting my country , which i 've never experienced like this before . 
  and these are not all reasonable people wanting to solve a crisis . 
  a lot of these people are absolutely uneducated hicks who can count the number of brown people they 've seen in their life on two hands . 
  we had a segment on tv where they showed some interviews with these people at one of their rallies . 
  after it got published , they were screaming about the lying press ( `` l\u00fcgenpresse '' ) and how they 're trying to paint un unfair picture through editing . 
  so they released the whole , unedited camera footage . 
  guess what . 
  they were all fucking idiots . 
  honestly you sound a little ignorant people on facebook regularly call for the refugees to be killed , you think before the crisis these people were willing to even let muslims integrate ? 
  yeah , a lot of muslims did n't put nearly enough effort into integrating themselves , but to say it 's their responsibility alone is wrong . 
  this is a two sided problem , and `` not-so-nice-names '' is probably the understatement of the century . 
  in germany , houses intended for asylum seekers get burned down on the regular . 
  this is n't ok . 
  please show me an example where nationalism did n't infringe on a democratic society, 
  ok you obviously know a lot more than me about this . 
  but i stand by my point regarding the afd , those people are absolute scum , not all of their followers , but the party itself for sure . 
  this guy gets it, 
  as for christians , i think ireland had a problem not too long ago with christian terrorists , no ? 
  jews in israel are basically commiting crimes against humanity in gaza , which is just as terrible as terrorism imo , especially as it furthers the creation of more terrorists through the continuous cycle of hate . 
  ca n't say anything about the other religions you mentioned but this is of the dome , no googling , i 'm sure you 'll find plenty of extremists in those religions as well ( maybe not buddhism but who knows ), 
  i elaborated on this further in another comment , it 's not about that specific policy , it 's about the parties who represent these policies , and how they actually have other plans that are nationalistic and infringe on civil liberties like freedom of press etc ( the example i got is the german afd ) . 
  people vote for them because of immigration , but end up electing other policies along with that one issue that are not acceptable in a democratic society, 
  did n't they immediately try to abolish the division of legislative executive and judicative ? 
  seems pretty undemocratic to me, 
  nope , i admit my analogy was pretty weak , what i was trying to say is that i 'm witnessing for the first time such hate against a whole group , free of critical thinking . 
  i 'm seeing interviews with people that could be my neighbors , saying we should shoot unarmed refugees if they try to cross our border . 
  that 's fucked up . 
  that 's what the ddr did at the border , in our own country , and people just block that out . 
  i 'm not a fan of islam , not at all , i think their religion is quite archaic , and even though other religions are too , they do have a tremendous extremist problem . 
  thing is , do you base your opinion of christians on the deeds of christian terrorists ?
