  i just imagine some brit munching on a stick of dried fish -_-, 
  take it easy man , people have n't even had breakfast yet, 
  there 's various varieties of stamppot ( which is basically potatoes mashed with vegetables and served with meat ) . 
  one variety my parents still make is from salted ( green ) beans . 
  that is , they store the beans in brine and then use them later for the stamppot . 
  nowadays they do this for taste , but it used to be a way to preserve the beans . 
  another option they do is to dry beans , but that is not for a stamppot . 
  i do n't know where op got his stats , but i 'd be surprised if eother tiesto or anouk surpassed rieu 's reported 40 million records sold worldwide, 
  hmm that sounds reasonable , maybe the situation is different here in the south from the rest of spain, 
  how the hell is spain above the netherlands . 
  virtually no buildings in spain are properly insulated , which makes aircon really inefficient . 
  even double glazing is rare . 
  in the netherlands , at least where i 'm from , proper insulation is the norm and solar panels are rising in popularity , which is another thing that does n't seem to happen much in spain . 
  do commercial / industrial programs offset this somehow ? 
  sure you could . 
  you get them on the ground by blunt force using the pommel , a hammer or a mace for example and then use your dagger to stab into the helmet , the armpits or other weak points ( hopefully your companions would still be guarding your back at that point ), 
  anecdotal evidence : i managed to get a job in spain while speaking almost no spanish , but at an international company . 
  i have no doubt if i have to leave this job , i wo n't be able to find another one in spain, 
  if northern ireland joined ireland , would n't it be part of the eu again and thus receive eu funding again ? 
  ewww . 
  probably a lot more than that actually . . 2 or 2.5 years to determine terms of exit , then several years to negotiate new deals with th eu . . 
  currently working and living abroad in another eu country , so wholly dependant . 
  the uk wo n't be part of the eea anymore , that was the point : no more free movement of people . 
  if they want access to the common market , they 'll have to renegotiate, 
  yeah , that despite it being more correct to draw such lines on generational boundaries . 
  and even then it 's a matter of degrees . . but no , all people on the left voted one way , all people on the right voted another and people with more nuanced views do n't exist . 
  also , since when is ` liberal ' a byword for leftist in the uk ? 
  are n't the tories liberal ? 
  people are upset about something with far-reaching consequences !, 
  how dare they !, 
  sadly , not allowed to watch outside of nl . . ( or at least not from whatever country my proxy is currently pointed at ), 
  if he 's a farmer , there 's lots of precedent of dutch farmers moving to canada for better prospects . . so there 's that, 
  that varies from city to city and village to village, 
  only if you 're from some village in andaluc\u00eda, 
  ahh thanks for that , i did n't actually know that was the situation in germany . 
  i hope they get out of it properly , because it would be a shame to see their great infrastructure deteriorate . 
  the thing is , forcing greece to clean their act up even more now is counter productive . 
  as you can see with for example the privatisation project , decisions are being made that will be hard to reverse which will probably turn out to be bad for the country , or at least the greek public wo n't get a good deal out of it , due to the sense of urgency . 
  yup they do . 
  and they have the public all angry about ` lazy ' southerners . 
  most people in the north do n't see how much of this is systemic to the euro project , and it 's threatening international relations . 
  i may be in favour of a closer european union , and of the euro , but that does n't mean i agree with the direction the crisis management has taken . 
  in my opinion , if you have a currency union , you have to accept transferring money to the economically weaker members , as happens in any other currency union in the world . 
  for example , money transfer by the federal governments between individual states in the us , or even germany itself . 
  why germany ( or german politicians at least ) seems opposed to doing in europe what it clearly deems necessary in domestically i do n't know . 
  haha i did n't even realise you were british . 
  i 've heard about the woes of the dutch language from plenty of french , spanish and italian people too . 
  and it 's understandable : lot 's of hard g sounds , many consonants in a row etc. 
  living in england for a few years now has made me view the language a bit differently . 
  i still like the language , and its dialects , but sometimes when i 'm in a more reflective mood , i find the language a bit ugly myself . 
  i do tend to be surprised when people tell me they 've learned some dutch though . 
  mostly my reaction is ` why ? ' . 
  it wo n't help you get a job , and as you say , most dutch people speak enough english to make themselves understood . . 
  can you believe that some of us * sing * in this language ? 
  and we enjoy it too !, 
  complete madness i say , 
   `` if you push people too far , '' he said , `` you will turn the peaceful elements into violence . '', 
  lol these people are funny . 
  * these people are peaceful , really !, 
  but , you know , do n't furt their feelings , or they 'll become violent . 
  * yeah , good luck getting that amount of muslims to protest . 
  well this ca n't possibly go down badly with the german public . 
  complicated , perhaps , but clearly the colours as such were in use since long before the french revolution . 
  so although similar , the flags are probably not meant to be related . 
  taken from your link :  after 1630 , the orange stripe was gradually replaced by a red one , as paintings of that time indicate . 
   since there was likely no political reason for introducing a non-orange motif in the flag , the probable reason is that orange and blue are faint colors and more difficult to distinguish than red and dark blue , especially at sea . 
   another explanation is that the orange was originally made of a blend of yellow and red vegetable dyes , with the yellow colour fading out first , leaving a red strip . 
  and  however , it seems more probable that this version of the colours is a variant of the original red-white-blue associated with holland and frisia since long before . 
   these three colours go back to charlemagne 's time , the 9th century . 
  so yeah , no real relation then , probably, 
  close . 
  wrong city though , 
  the results are reported in bleu scores , measured against one reference translation . 
  this is important to note : the measure gives the highest possible score when it is the exact same as only one reference translation . 
  even human translators ca n't agree on the correct translation a lot of the time , which shows how flawed it is . 
  of course , it 's measured on many sentences and an aggregate bleu score is reported , which actually comes quite close to inter-annotator agreement . 
  now , as for the bleu score itself , it 's based on the ratio of the number of word ( groups ) in the output that also occur in the reference , and the total number of words in the output . 
  there 's some kludges in there , to prevent an output like ` the ' getting a perfect score if the reference contains the word ` the ' , but in essence that 's it . 
  usually , this is measured on individual words , bigrams ( any two consecutive words ) and trigrams ( any three consecutive words ) , but you can go up as far as you like . 
  better metrics are constantly being proposed , but none have fully caught on yet , either because they 're too involved , or because the benefits are n't clear . 
  if you want to know more about the metric , read the original paper : http://acl.ldc.upenn.edu/p/p02/p02-1040.pdf it 's really not that hard to understand . 
  awesome !, 
  where is that from ? 
  it 's interesting to note that similar results may be obtained by having a sentence translated out-of-context back and forth by several human translators , although it will happen more slowly . 
  the current machine translation state of the art does n't take context into account , nor does it do any kind of interpretation as we 'd understand it , which explains the results . 
  then again , we 've come a long way in the last 20 years considering the difficulty of the task . 
  dunno , i know a couple in groningen that went , expecting to find a fun party . 
  they 're not very smart though ( obviously ), 
  i , for one , like that languages have a different feel , and sound . 
  i like that some things are more easily said in one language than another . 
  i like that we can exploit this in literature , music and other art . 
  i like different languages . 
  you act like communication is the only point to a language . 
  maybe to you that is true . 
  but not to me . 
  a love song written in english will have a very different sound and impact than one written in spanish , dutch or even gronings . 
  and i prefer it that way . 
  did i really just see a brit not picking up on sarcasm ? 
  :p * ^ insert ^ standard ^ disclaimer ^ about ^ stereotypes *, 
  not here . . too big to be useful,
