  probably you 're even more confused now ... :p, 
  i want to watch de poolse bruid at some point , but i do n't want to get homesick :p, 
  nope , glorious grunn is in between . 
  ( it has nothing to do with either frieslands . 
  no really , trust me . 
  do n't look it up . 
  nothing to do with friesland at all . 
  people living there certainly did n't think of themselves as frisian ever . 
  nope . ), 
  so should the parliament move seat to a different country each half year ? 
  maybe we can all have a european parliament !, 
  and i demand that dutch becomes the main language of the eu for the next six months . 
  after that , the czechs may have a go . 
  in a vowel inventory , i 'd list them separately from monophthongs nonetheless . 
  ah , i see , thanks . 
  never did really know what the conditions are for a word to stop being a loanword , 
  so , this is about gdp growth ? 
  would be more interesting to see them also estimate how much of that gdp growth the median citizen actually sees . 
  it might end up like the economic recoveries we 've been seeing lately : great for the rich , nothing for the average person . 
  yeah i thought the same at first , but i ca n't think of a single one that does n't sound suspiciously latin-ish . 
  as for ch ( / x / ) , you mean digraph , not diphthong, 
  the last 3 are diphthongs though , not single vowels, 
  not going to bother with those :p, 
  please update , he 's found the names of the birds, 
  do n't forget borrelnootjes or katjang pedis !, 
  much like humans did not evolve from modern apes , dutch did not evolve from modern german . 
  they have common roots , but that goes back very very far . 
  there were already significant differences between the ancestor of modern dutch and that of modern german in the early middle ages , back when english looked more like german and dutch than what it looks like now . 
  well given he spoke a frankish language to be certain , so it would have probably been closer to the ancestor of dutch than to that of german, 
  specifically , from the same root word that dutch ( and other germanic ) people used to call their language by some 8 hundred years ago ( depending on the region , duits , diets or some variant ) . 
  the root word meaning people , the language name being ` of the ( common ) people ' , as opposed to latin . 
  i really would n't know which words are feminine and which are masculine , and so i suspect i 'd use the genitive wrong if it were used in everyday speech . 
  i suspect i 'm not the only native speaker who would get it wrong either . 
  132/141 balkans and microstates , should really brush up on this, 
   generally limited to spain , england , belgium , italy , greece and germany t_t senpai notice me, 
  on the other hand , living in the uk for a while it was not uncommon for me to correct my friend 's english . 
  which i usually did just to rub it in that a foreigner corrected his english :d, 
  [ obligatory ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qhcim_knzyw ), 
  this has been planned for years now , with the maximum roaming charges telco 's are allowed to charge steadily being lowered . 
  ( i remember giffgaff loudly proclaiming they were making roaming so much cheaper a few years back . 
  in reality , the new law was just coming in effect ) . 
  point being , they 've had time enough to prepare . 
  what more of a transitional period could they need ? 
  i do n't know which i prefer , the current one or the dutch man :d, 
  pretty much , yeah . 
  the point i was making is that the reason people say ` duits ' in the wilhelmus does n't refer to germans is that it sounds to modern ears like that excludes the dutch , while at the time it did n't, 
  the distinction is that german then at least included the dutch , which it does not today, 
  living in andaluc\u00eda , some of you do . 
  coming from closer to the german border , they have a reputation for a huge variety of bread, 
  when it comes to energy policy , they actually have a fairly decent track record , yes . 
  they may push for better designs of electric kettles , but they wo n't ban them out of concerns for energy usage . 
  the alternative would be to make people use old-fashioned kettles on a stove-top , possibly a gas stove , which is far more wasteful of energy than electric kettles are . 
  huh , had n't heard of that one before , thanks . 
  i would have guessed [ milanuncios ] ( http://milanuncios.com ), 
  thank you baldrick, 
  oh could be , i 'm not on top of the news -_- knowing our government we 've probably just ended up in the same situation , but minus a lot of money, 
  so the moroccan nationalist nutjobs he 's talking about are basically the same as isis sympathisers in that regard ? 
  i expected nutty stuff like that from isis sympathisers , but did n't think it would be a part of moroccan extreme nationalism, 
  just because somebody thinks something will happen does n't mean he prefers it  i would much rather see small pockets of cultures ( and regional dialects flourishing ) . 
  i do n't think it will happen though . 
  most dialects in nl are already dying out , same for some in germany and i 'm sure other countries , no matter how much you might want otherwise, 
  andalusia ? 
  seriously ? 
  is this a ` remember la reconquista ' thing ? 
  whut ? 
  you 're kidding right ? 
  nl does n't even have tanks . 
  hardly any hardware at all . 
  i 'm not familiar with army sizes etc at all , but this seems rather . . weird, 
  thanks . 
  not looking good for me , with italians starting to take my territory =( might play tonight , but i 'm not hopeful as to what i can still do, 
  is there an up-to-date map around somewhere ? 
  i kept crashing 2 weeks ago and could n't make it last week , so wondering if my country even still exists or has been carved up by now :p, 
  netherlands can into mountains !, 
  thanks for that very informative . 
  i 'd say most of what i wrote above is only really valid for africa and parts of asia ( to the extent that it is at all , i 'm no expert ) . 
  the americas i see as a different case , as it was very sparsely populated and new countries mostly consisted of settlers and immigrants when they broke away . 
  at least for a while , many people considered themselves close to the european powers and the same foreign oppression narrative would n't arise . 
  i 'd love to read more on the subject though , it 's fascinating and i certainly do n't know that much about it . 
  this is more my impression of why things went differently in africa . 
  compared to other places , i do n't think it 's a stretch to say the americas were sparsely populated by the time colonisation started though, 
  yeah , it 's an understandable sentiment , but still . . 
  well for most of south america at least , the people who were breaking away from the colonising nations were the colonisers themselves , as there was very little of the indigenous population left . 
  so there was a lot of continuity for those countries in terms of governance , more similar to the commonwealth nations ( and the us actually ) . 
  i 'd say the nature of colonisation in india for example is also quite different as they made lots of use of local rulers . 
  no idea about most of the others though, 
  the author is right , but i think also misses a way in which the legacy of colonialism directly contributed to the poverty of some countries . 
  in at least some countries , the colonial powers had a very direct influence on daily governance . 
  the political institutions were theirs , as were the police force , educational institutions and more . 
  for some of these countries , when the colonial powers left they did so suddenly , leaving these countries without all these vital institutions and requiring them to build them up from scratch . 
  it is easy to envision an alternative past in which these institutions were slowly handed over to the people of the colonised countries instead , ending up with functioning institutions though tainted by colonialism . 
  perhaps this could have prevented some of the internal struggles of these countries . 
  of course , the local people might not have wanted to cooperate at all , understandably, 
  oh come on , this one was pretty funny, 
  small note from mamluks : i basically just did what i thought necessary in order to not get gobbled up by the ottomans . 
  this included giving up lots of claims on territory , giving up on any anatolian or north african pretensions and pivoting south-east . 
  current goals are to conquer east africa , conquer arabia , possibly form egypt and westernizing . 
  long-term goal is to set up a ( minor ) trading empire . 
  but you could make the same argument that a university could just do whatever they want . 
  they 're not people , why should they have to abide by human morality ?
