hmmm ... how about we polder a land bridge to denmark ? 
  it 's mostly elderly people living there though , and on weekends it 's swarming with ( german ) tourists . . 
  honestly a nice place to visit , but not to live . 
  well , unless you 're elderly and the tourists and events provide some entertainment i guess , 
  any time . 
  it could still be you still wo n't like gouda of course , but it 's very different, 
  buy an overmatured gouda and then re-evaluate gouda cheese please , 
   dutch crying every day about how big their empire was in the 15th century . 
  well yeah , but only because the netherlands did n't exist as a country in the 15th century ^ ( sorry , could n't resist ), 
   nonsensical pronunciation english is fine for that , 
  ... shit , now i have to make the hollapino happen, 
  could n't easily find if this is mentioned in tfa , but are they donating money / fixes to the project ? 
  often organisations announce huge savings by moving to open source , but then do n't donate a fraction of those savings back to the project to ensure it remains a viable solution . 
  yeah i find coffee to be critical in the morning, 
  for eu exports you have to deduct the exports of all eu countries to other eu countries . . 
  he 's positing an alternative history where these countries would all have an own political history , so it 's mostly the location influencing viability . 
  bit late , international experts are already given access to the site and the rebels have had time to tamper with the evidence if they wanted to . 
  also , the ` tampering on an industrial scale ' has not been shown . 
  i was n't talking about property , i was talking about whether it forms the basis or even part of the culture . 
  if it 's possible to claim the portuguese landing there is the start of afrikaner culture , i say we might as well go back thousands of years to the first human to settle there for all the influence it 's had on their culture . 
  also , the building part was illustrative of whether the portuguese were there in numbers significant enough to be called the start of afrikaner culture . 
  even if the natives had built many permanent structures i do n't think we can claim they formed the beginnings of afrikaner culture . 
  i 'm sorry , but i do n't buy that . 
  virtually nothing that was created by europeans in the cape before dutch settlement had a noticeable influence on afrikaner development as far as i can see . 
  you claim afrikaners have been in south africa since the portuguese expedition ? 
  they left nothing there , it 's a ridiculous claim . 
  ha , nog een finkers fan ? 
  though it may or may not be true that you have little chance to influence the process , the result does affect you . 
  it certainly does n't have nothing to do with you , unless you think the eu has no influence on national politics whatsoever . 
  at the beginning of the 100 year war , the upper class in england still spoke french ( the king speaking it as a first language , english being the second ) . 
  the nobility in some respects saw england as an extension and even part of france . 
  the point being that if the 100 year war had been won quickly by the english , nationalism might not have started in england ( and france ) the way it did , and perhaps norman-french would have continued to be in widespread use . 
  english would not have developed , instead a form of french with english and norman/picard influences might have been spoken . 
  which is a lot to say that i find the idea very intriguing , 
  so , is this showing how detailed the maps are , rather than how well connected the road system is ? 
   read that again . 
  read the definition of racism . 
  you ca n't dismiss a complete country because most people affiliate with islam ( and not like any other islamic country , turkey is more modern than poland , which is already inside the eu ) . 
  racism is dismissing individuals solely based on skincolour . 
  according to the oxford dictionary :  the belief that all members of each race possess characteristics , abilities , or qualities specific to that race , especially so as to distinguish it as inferior or superior to another race or races this is about culture , not race . 
  that means acknowledging that not all turks believe the same thing , and that it is not inherent to them as a people , it 's learned . 
  however that still leaves a majority of them as believing in islam and potentially a large amount believing that the rules of islam can override our secular rules . 
  that is a culture that is not compatible with ours . 
  are you denying that the culture in turkey is different from here ? 
  or that that culture has a lot to do with islam ? 
  the question is whether their culture is compatible with our belief in the rule of secular laws . 
  now , i 'm not decided on whether the above is a valid argument to keep turkey out of the eu , it depends on how many actually believe that islam is more important than the law , and are willing to act on it . 
  i 'm not convinced it 's a sizable portion ( or larger than our fundies ) . 
  but that does n't mean it 's racism . 
  it 's acknowledging incompatibe parts of somebodies culture . 
   the rest all comes down to islamophobic , i do n't like brown people arguments . 
  disliking islam is not the same as disliking brown people . 
  if it were a white country displaying the kinds of excesses that some islamic countries do i would dislike them just the same . 
   a muslim from istanbul , or ankara , is way more relaxed , generally speaking , than some christian voting for le pen . 
  and the question here is what the proportion of people in turkey are that are extreme like that , and whether it differs significantly from what we have in the eu . 
   you must be kidding . 
  every religion thinks their morality , and rules are above the laws , because they are superior ( the set of rules they abide to ) . 
  it 's why they restricted abortion in spain , for example . 
  there 's a bit of a difference between wanting to restrict abortion and wanting capital punishment for apostacy or cutting off a hand for stealing . 
   well , mr mikerust , does n't give a why to his dislike of islam . 
  and so you say his opposition to islam is wrong because lepen and followers are hypocrites . 
  seriously , the response does n't make sense . 
   so , no , it 's absolutely not irrelevant , because as long as the left does n't know how to react properly , the right frames the discussion as they see but this has nothing to do with what mikerust said . 
  he 's not part of the left who do n't know how to react as he 's quite clear on what he does n't like about the islamic culture in turkey . 
  he 's also not merely a xenophobe , it 's entirely understandable that he does n't want to give people free access to our countries who do n't respect the rule of law . 
  that 's a basic enlightenment ideal that i think is at the heart of our society . 
  you bringing up lepen seems like a way for you to avoid engaging mikerust and instead railing against other people . 
  sidenote : i happen to think it has n't been shown that a significant portion of turkey 's population believe that , and are willing to act on it . 
  it is clear to me though that most muslims take religious law more seriously than most christians do . 
  it 's difficult to find a christian arguing for implementing the rules in leviticus and harder still for one arguing those are more important than secular laws . 
  you might find a lot that say god 's laws are more important in some philosophical sense though . 
   religion is , but the most fervent attackers of islam , are promoting the return of ultra-catholicism . 
  le pen , for example . 
  irrelevant . 
  just because vocal people these vocal people want ultra-catholicism does n't mean u/mikerust does as well . 
  it 's entirely possible that r/mikerust opposes both islam and ultra-catholicism . 
  perhaps it 's because he knows the truth : [ vinegar is more effective at catching flies ] ( http://insects.about.com/od/insectssociety/qt/make-a-vinegar-trap-for-fruit-flies.htm ) . 
  he just did n't realise that the truth about flies does n't make very good inspiration for policy . 
  the ancient greeks are commonly known for it ( though actual anal [ was probably rare ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pederasty_in_ancient_greece ) ), 
  at least the greek one makes complete sense , 
   i 'm aloof on this one . 
  probably not what you mean . 
  also , you should be using a us layout keyboard , so type shift + ' to see how the result differs from '', 
  different frisian , mate . 
  / u/diepfries was using two single quotes for god knows which reason . 
  most keyboards sold in the netherlands use us layout , and it works the way you 'd expect . 
  in the netherlands , the us keyboard layout is used . 
  nobody actually uses the dutch layout . 
  so , it 's shift + ' for double quotes . 
  perhaps they have n't invented double quotes in friesland yet though -_-, 
  well , surely if we 're going for full federation , the nations composing it would be called provinces from then on . 
  so i propose : * the republic of the 28 united provinces *, 
  would n't that depend on where in germany they 're from ? 
  i can imagine someone from lower saxony or north-rhine westphalia to have less trouble than someone from bavaria, 
  that 's awesome !, 
  i think we should start speaking english to frisians , groningers and ( dutch ) limburgers as well , just to be consistent  or , you know , introduce a bit more variety of pronunciation in public life ... nah , let 's do english, 
  can i vote you into office somewhere ? 
  have n't encountered it outside of the uk , no, 
  if only it were sweden , britain & the netherlands against germany ( and spain ) , we could revive the 30 years war !, 
  would just need another gustavus adolphus and a france capable of massive subsidies .
