  here i can only say , that if you as an atheist do n't get angry at the circumstances in the us concerning religion , there 's something wrong with you . 
  freedom of religion is taken away , children in schools are brainwashed in very sectarian versions of ` christian science ' , evidence is actively derided as less worthy than gut feeling . 
  cultivating an image of the cool , calculated scientist who never shows human emotion at the disdain people have for the issues that are closest to your heart does n't ( only ) make you look respectable . 
  it also makes you hard to relate to , not human to some point . 
  tl ; dr : american atheists are n't all wrong . 
  i 'm sure that atheists in the eu would do similar if religion was as prominent in politics here as in the us . 
  it starts with ` daar sta je dan ' ... 
  perfectly empty phrase, 
  appelsien has long been a valid version in dutch , that got used less in ( northern ) standard dutch over the years . 
  some dialects still use the other version though , including gronings and limburgs ( and flemish ) . 
  the brand name simply comes from this name for oranges , not the other way around . 
  add groningers to that list  well , to be precise , gronings speakers ... 
  same for gronings speakers ... 
  i 'd assume also for other low-saxon dialects of dutch , but i 'm not sure . 
  i get your point , but i 'd just like to say that although many politicians rail against gay marriage in the us , a large majority of the general public support gay marriage . 
  obviously this varies per state though . 
  then why is the uk so high on the list ? 
  they have high pop density , especially in the south . . 
  but not drenthe ? 
  the problem with just tallying the number of crimes is that you can do perfectly legal things that make outsiders feel unwelcome anyway . 
  given that we 're trying to measure how welcome people _ feel _ , asking them about their feelings is one of the only things we can do really , even if it is deeply flawed . 
  * one major flaw that i can see : different countries are visited by people from different cultures , and someones culture can heavily influence how they respond to questions like that . 
  are you going to be honest , or do you not want to risk insulting your hosts ? 
  perhaps you feel no country should get a perfect score , or conversely , that no country should get a low score ( this varies between people of the same culture a lot as well ) . 
  etc etc etc. 
   the wef gathered the data from late 2011 through late 2012 by asking respondents , `` how welcome are foreign visitors in your country ? '' this means the results are nearly meaningless . 
  it does n't measure how welcoming countries * are * , it measure how welcoming the countries * think they are * . 
  if they asked the people who actually visited the countries , and stratified it by length of stay , the data would be much more interesting . 
  for example , tourists often call people in the netherlands friendly and open , but this reverses when people actually immigrate and stay for a long period of time . 
  i guess nl is next , we 're pretty much just water anyway :p, 
  there 's very few banks in the western world that have n't taken people 's deposits with the promise that it 's safe , and then turned around and invested in toxic assets that they did n't bother to properly evaluate , or lent money to people and corporations that were n't good for it . 
  as a result , they now need to take taxpayer , and apparently depositor money to make up for that fact , in effect they took our money and made it disappear in houses that wo n't be bought , projects that wo n't be finished and companies that are going bankrupt . 
  personally , i can very well understand that people are angry with banks , and resentful . 
  i am too . 
  it 's an easy target , never mind that probably dijsselbloem had quite a lot to do with this `` bailout '' . 
  right now i certainly have more faith in the uk than the eu , seeing how the uk has n't set a precedent ( yet ) . 
  the thing is , we ca n't be sure anymore the eurozone wo n't pull this shit in other euro countries either ... which has led me to considering pulling some of my money out of eurozone banks and parking it in a uk bank . 
  it is n't much , but that 's the point : i do n't want to lose even that little bit . 
  over the last few months the eurozone has steadily been eroding my faith in them by putting the burden of bad decisions made by bankers and politicians squarely on the shoulders of ordinary citizens , while said banks continue making bad decisions . 
  this is just a more overt example of the same . 
  make it minus the empire as well and you 've got the actual holy roman empire in its later days , 
  the way current eu policies seem to have a complete disregard for the wellbeing of ordinary citizens , instead focussing entirely on the needs of industry , it will lose me too if they do n't change direction . 
  i have been a defender of the eu so far , as i completely support european integration and even federalization . 
  but i ca n't condone a governing body that ties the hands of local governments to help its people , and in fact makes a bad situation worse for the citizens of the countries it has promised bright futures to . 
  either allow inflation and stimulus , or let the southern countries self-govern , but the citizens of southern countries should not have to suffer so much for the errors of a government that they saw no way of correcting . 
  i know that feel , friesland ... sincerely , groningen, 
  coffee and either bread with jam / hagelslag , or granola with yoghurt, 
  i , and i think many more in r/europe , see it all too clearly . 
  i would n't want to compare it to the nazi regime , but i 'll certainly compare it to the idiocies of many governments during the great depression . 
  the problem is : we 're only a few voices in a sea of `` if you do n't have the money you should n't spend it , like any household !!!, 
  '' , as if a currency union is the same thing as a household . 
  i do n't think we 'll see the end of this recession before we 've seen a lot of social upheaval . . 
  if you 're a household . 
  if you print your own currency , you could print more money , which will of course increase inflation , but hey , germany is n't the only country in this currency union . 
  it 's ridiculous to insist on a strong currency that 's only benefiting a few countries while the rest of countries have to experience horrible unemployment and little public spending . 
  personally i 'm quite partial to [ the wilhelmus ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cc76qsgbqfy ) . . and if we can be very regional , [ grunnen 's laid ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7a0xfoi8pbo&amp;t=1m08s ) , i guess , although certain songs by ede staal can elicit a stronger response from groningers . 
  depending on the accent , it can be palatal , velar or even uvular fricative , mostly unvoiced but sometimes voiced , again depending on accent and position in the word . 
  sigh . . so all the german peoples are lumped together , all the spanish peoples are lumped together , etc. . . 
  but there 's so much difference between the dutch and the flemish that they need their own state ? 
  an amount of difference that does n't exist between say , niedersachsen and bavaria ? 
  do you mean the ratios of the flags he linked ? 
  i do n't see it otherwise ... 
  thanks !, 
  i 'm definitely getting that as well !, 
  most of them did originate as slang from amsterdam , but at least half of the common words i know and have used at some point . 
  there 's also quite a few very common words in there : geteisem , sjofel , stiekem , pleite , goochem , hoteldebotel to name a few . . 
  the eu actually regulates the mobile market very well , making sure that tariffs stay at a reasonable price . 
  also , i 'd very much like to know where you got that contract . 
  i 've quickly checked o2 and orange , but the only things that come close ( sim-only ) are 15 pounds at the least , which is similar enough to the 17.5 euro it would cost in the netherlands . 
  it seems i 'm paying too much for my phone plan :p, 
  i 'm sorry , but while i wo n't argue with you that the dutch can be overly confident ( arrogant ) , not asking for water when you 're thirsty is not modest , it 's just plain timid . 
  i do n't fully understand the last two links ... how does this reduce the dutch ranking so much ? 
  would you say it 's a more honest look at purchasing power between countries ? 
  ah i was n't very clear , but during the world cup the mexicans [ were butthurt ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u6osia2bra4 ) we beat them far more than the brazilians . 
  you forgot the repercussions : butthurt americans in the first example and butthurt mexicans in the second , 
  ah thanks , i was n't familiar with the term real ale . 
  would i be wrong in thinking most hand-pulled ales you get in small pubs are real ale ? 
  i checked one brewery i like and it turns out they sell both cask and kegged versions , but confusing . 
  why do you call it kegged bitter though ? 
  you could keg any type of beer , right ? 
  the brewery i looked up sells kegged ipa , stout , brown ale etc etc. 
  i understand it tastes different from cask-conditioned , but i thought bitters were just a type of ale . 
  `` eyup duck , want to buy a baby ? 
  only 4 pounds each , 4.50 with mushy peas '', 
  uhh bitter is a type of ale is n't it ? 
  up in sheffield they charged 4.50 or more at the brew dog pub , but you could generally get a pint of good ale for around 3 pounds elsewhere, 
  i would agree with all of that . 
  the thing is that that would require a lot more power for the eu , which people are n't ready for . 
  op for example seems to want out of the eu for over reach already , even though on some policies it also does n't do enough according to him . 
  but i would agree that more redistribution would be good . 
  i just think that it would likely require a full political union . . 
  ok , so do you propose to do fiscal redistribution across the eu ? 
  romania is already a net receiver of eu funds , what more should the eu do ? 
  depose corrupt romanian politicians ? 
  be even more overbearing than it 's already accused of being ? 
  i always read the last line as affirming that , yes , he was breeding horses and not other animals . 
  the mated interpretation does n't really seem to fit , but perhaps that 's just me . 
  hmm yeah good point, 
  well , at the very least the boats will be destroyed where before they might have been used for multiple trips , right ? 
  i went skeet shooting once i guess .
