  it cuts both ways , but somehow i do n't think you 'd want to debate for every new entity why they should n't commit murder . 
  nor do i think it is productive to do so for other moral rules . 
  i wish there were a study looking at whether this activates the same part of the brain as lying does , or whether it 's that the information just does n't register due to cognitive dissonance or something . 
  perhaps they honestly do n't remember hearing / reading such an argument . 
  i know it as willful ignorance, 
  i have n't heard it termed as deliberately ignorant , but willful ignorance is something i find very annoying . 
  like some conspiracy-theorists or young-earth creationists who in a discussion will drop an argument after being shown how and why it is n't valid , then a week later will use the exact same argument again . 
  think -- i have n't seen any evidence for evolution , where are the missing links ? 
  * cue someone with more knowledge explaining why missing links are a fallacy ( every new find just creates 2 more missing links for the doubters ) -- ah , but [ some completely different argument ] one week later : -- i have seen no evidence for evolution , where are the missing links ? 
  i do n't find your reductio ad absurdum persuasive here , sorry . 
  why should the university hold a different set of moral rules than the student in this case ? 
  then in the same vein , whether the university chooses to keep the statue as part of the deal for getting the money for that building has no bearing on the beliefs that rhodes had or any involvement of his in apartheid . 
  it was just a monetary transaction , that 's all . 
  i 've never had a problem in schiphol , found everything quite simple, 
  yup, 
  what is ` your own ' country ? 
  the country you 're from ? 
  the country you 're currently living in ? 
  both ? 
  yeah it 's not like groningers would want to be part of a frisia magna anyway, 
  are you a masochist ? 
  ah i see you included plenty of boerenkool, 
   [ . . ] or germany those are some well-prepared terrorists 0_o . 
  what if they blow up your family 's hometown though ? 
  it 's not like they 're very discriminating in their targets, 
  at a guess , i 'd say because dragnet surveillance turns up too many false positives to be truly useful , and actual terrorists would be making use of the darknet anyway, 
  not a parisian , but my friends in paris are n't that worried . 
  a bit shocked , but life as normal otherwise, 
   then you 'd have positive reforms . . let 's be clear . 
  many people in the eu do n't want these reforms , but are willing to pass them if the uk stays anyway . 
  i 'm one of them . 
  i think the eu needs many reforms ( for financial institutions first and foremost ) , but most of the issues mentioned by cameron i do n't really want passed . 
  ending work benefits for migrants is one i oppose for example . 
   the swiss people and the norwegian people do n't want to join the eu . 
  i know , but they still have to follow much of eu law , yet have no say in the laws themselves . 
  so you would prefer following many eu laws and having no say to following all and having a say . 
  i find it odd , that 's all . 
  yeah but you can understand it comes across a bit selfish , right ? 
  say we pass all these reforms at the behest of the uk , and they then vote to leave after all ? 
  if cameron would be fine with a conditional agreement it 's fine by me though . 
  the eu passing something binding that states the reforms will be passed if the uk votes to stay . 
  but to demand reforms merely for a chance of the uk staying ? 
  feels a bit empty . 
  sure , but all this is really measuring is what people ( claim to ) give to charities and the like , not how they treat each other in daily life . 
  they 're using the word generous in a very restricted sense . 
  i agree that americans are much more generous in the way you mean , but i also think they 're way more generous than brits in that way . 
  some of these sound reasonable ( although as a migrant , i balk at not letting them have benefits ) , but to demand this and then hold a referendum on leaving after all that ... 
  agreed, 
  switzerland and norway have to abide by many of the eu 's rules while not having a say in them . 
  funny you should mention them as a positive example, 
  i agree , a common market should be just that , for all goods and services . 
  just because it would mostly benefit the uk does n't mean it 's irrelevant to the project . 
  apparently we 're at position 7 though ? 
  probably because this is just reporting what people * claim * to give , not what they actually give . 
  good point, 
  i 'm sure there was some cherry-picking going on , but an interviewed migrant does mention people with useful skills are there ( doctors , engineers , university grad ) . 
  do n't think it 's very representative , but at least some might be able to work well , in the right country ( right language etc ) . 
  it 's interesting that they still feel they will be able to do better for themselves in europe , even though they clearly are n't welcome one of them wants to go , because he ca n't make something of himself back home , but i do n't think he 'll be allowed to do so in europe either ... 
  ah very sorry , i was n't familiar with that sense of the word . 
  i still do n't quite agree , as a schloss is often used to live in and entertain guests , but thanks for the education , 
  the thing is , it 's definitely not as accepted by society as smoking and drinking is , let alone coffee . 
  for most people , there 's still a bit of a stigma around it , i think it 's much more a question of degree, 
  bull . 
  there 's plenty of manors , houses etc for the nobility that were purely ornamental and to entertain guests in england . 
  rheinstein had to be rebuilt , but it definitely served a military purpose in the 14th century . 
  eltz may have been added to after its military purpose was lost , but it was definitely a real castle in the middle ages . 
  about as authentic as they come , and the non-war parts only add to its history i feel, 
  i admit i 'm not very familiar with the exact reasons , but at least on [tweakers.net ] ( http://tweakers.net/nieuws/105997/nederlandse-netneutraliteit-verdwijnt-na-beslissing-europees-parlement.html ) , this question was asked multiple times , and people who seem more knowledgeable than i think that it 's not clear whether we 'll be allowed to be stricter on the providers . 
  actually , dutch tech sites are reporting that in this particular case , the law may have to be changed to allow for the loopholes . 
   that legislation contained more measures protecting net neutrality than almost any country in the eu has . 
  it happens to override the stronger protections in place in the netherlands -- we will probably have to change dutch law to allow for the loopholes in this law . 
  yes , exactly . 
  they should work together with the police in syria and libya ? 
  30 july left out due to incomplete data , second image is rolling mean of 4 samples . 
  it does n't really seem to support the narrative on r/europe, 
   automatically assume that we live in a democracy despite it not always following the will of the typical person while in this case i do n't think the caveat applies , i think it 's very important for constituaitonal democracies to not always simply execute the will of the typical person . 
  that way lies the tyranny of the people , possible pogroms and discrimination . 
  the rights of the few must be upheld against the interests of the many . 
  however , in this case you 're right of course, 
  i 'm actually pretty excited about what sanders ' success in the us represents . 
  setting aside his clear difference to the republican field , which seems to have gone off the deep end , he seems to have far more integrity than the usual us candidates , and the fact that such a socialist candidate can become popular speaks to my mind to important change coming to the us . 
  perhaps a new deal like program is no longer impossible in the us . 
  i 'm interested in this , because european politicians seem to look towards the us for inspiration , and i 'd like a more level-headed ( and hopefully scientifically-literate ) left to emerge in the eu as well . 
  but mostly i 'd just like to see usians not get fucked quite so hard by their government anymore , and i think the policies sanders is pushing will go some ways to that . 
  i think he 'll have a major impact even if he does not win the primaries . 
  pratchett was such a great writer , just mentioning the oggs makes me smile, 
  hey , i enjoyed ... uhm ... well there 's ... that 's odd , i could have sworn ... curry does n't quite count , does it ... well ... 
  i had lamb with mint sauce and dumplings once , that was quite enjoyable, 
  try de huilende rappers , hilarious but in a good way, 
   the geography promoted cycling as it was much easier . 
  actually , the cycling infrastructure was hard-won after many protests in the seventies . 
  we were headed towards car-filled cities as well before that point, 
   that 's not what was advocated higher . 
  fair enough  note that all 3 need to be banned in those zones , not just cars or it 's just pointless . 
  respectfully , i disagree . 
  just removing private cars ( but allowing bikes , buses and taxis ) makes for a much more pleasant experience already . 
  sure banning all may be better , but i would n't recommend banning bikes in groningen ( one of the most bike-friendly cities around ) for example . 
   this would be more of a left wing lunacy than a right wing one . 
  it 's hardly lunacy to ban private cars from the core of the city centre , groningen has done it for decades now , it 's really rather pleasant . 
  [ edit ] : i do n't think banning cars from the entire city is a good idea , but i 'm all in favour of creating limited car-free zones within cities .
