  tl ; dr : see the point made [ here ] ( http://evolution.berkeley.edu/evolibrary/misconceptions_faq.php#a3 ) , from the berkeley website, 
  only in southern europe , not in the areas most using lions in their coa 's , such as scandinavia , and not for a long time before the countries started to form . 
  definitely in a restaurant setting it would be common for my family to round bills to only need banknotes , and leave before they have the chance to bring change . 
  i 'd just like to point out that there is in general no direction to evolution . 
  so even if something is evolving , all it should mean in such a context is that it 's slowly changing over time ( by mutation of parts for example ) , without adding a value judgement . 
  ^ ( this was brought to you by the association of people who get ticked off when they see it implied that evolution has a specific direction and detest the popular ` evolution of man ' graphic ), 
  it comes up often enough though , we like the idea of us being so tolerant too much . 
  i 've always known that the so-called tolerance of the netherlands was an exaggeration , but this subreddit has only confirmed it for me . 
  in all these kinds of polls , the netherlands is always on the more racist half / third . 
  you 'd think this would cause cognitive dissonance to those claiming in seriousness that the netherlands is so tolerant ... 
  ahh ok , i misunderstood then . 
  still do n't think it 's anything to get worked up over though ... 
  groningen : if i 'm allowed to claim a person because he 's been born there , it has to be daniel bernoulli . 
  of course , he left the city at age five , so does n't count i think then i 'd have to go with the discovery of liquid helium and superconductivity by [ heike kamerlingh onnes ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/heike_kamerlingh_onnes ) , cause really , there 's nothing else :p, 
  [ edit : as / u / _ isel below points out , expansion happened after 1908 as well , making the rest of my comment rather silly ] so . . gibraltar expanded a little bit up until 1908 . 
  why is this relevant ? 
  it 's been like this for over a century . 
  for christ 's sake , the dutch might as well start calling the belgians rebels again . 
  hell , maybe spain wants the netherlands back as well . 
  this is such a non-issue . 
  hey !, 
  i resent that !, 
  it 's a few * square * kilometers of water . 
  seriously , if i were in the coalition government , i 'd welcome the prospects of making a new coalition ( and new elections ? ), 
  more than destroying the legal system like that . 
  sounds to me like their diet is just becoming more varied . 
  nothing wrong with that , just because it was tradition does n't mean it 's all you should eat . 
  plus , they still like their bread , they just eat other things as well now . 
  only the teenagers skipping breakfast thing is a bit worrying , but that 's happening everywhere . . 
  yeah i should have put that better . 
  i put in the _ in public _ because i think it should have been done with the knowledge and consent of the public . 
  but yes , national governments should take responsibility for the parts they played . 
  i just wish that more countries had public outrage about it , even though the response of german politicians is hypocritical . 
  yes . 
  i can honestly find myself more in the response of germans than of the other countries . 
  u.s. citizens may not have asked for such extensive surveillance in the name of the war on terror , but at the least the nsa has jurisdiction there . 
  this obviously does not go for the european states . 
  fta :  how else do you want to track down terrorist networks that operate internationally ? 
  mr. schauble may feel like the us is allowed to do whatever it wants in the war on terror , i 'm sure the german ( and other european ) citizens do n't feel the same . 
  if the us felt that such surveillance was necessary , they could have tried to obtain it with the consent of the governments , in public , or given up if they could n't get it . 
  i for one do n't pretend that terrorism is such a great threat that anything goes to prevent it . 
  perhaps we could use the money to instead bring safe drinking water around the world . 
  or help third world countries build better infrastructure . 
  or hell , let 's overregulate road traffic , as it 's a far greater cause of deaths than terrorism ever was . 
  used it a bit now for english to spanish , the idea is great , but their database of text fragments needs curating , and their suggested translations need improving ( especially when it comes to tenses or set phrases ) . 
  [ edit ] continued a bit with the website , they do have nice and interesting texts , for my level at least , but there 's also a lot of fragments from press announcements , which clutter up my feed of texts . 
  504 error now ... =(, 
  wow that 's horrible . 
  the uk is green ? 
  sweden is yellow ? 
  at least france is blue , and spain yellow i guess, 
  can we please not call this a war ? 
  it 's not a war , ` nightlife ' is not an enemy you can fight . 
  i 'm so sick of that phrase, 
  yeah , almost as bad as french people using mannequin / s, 
   this is n't big bad us spying on poor little europe riding hood . 
  this is big bad us collaborating with big bad europe , then europe throwing on a red bonnet and saying `` who , me ? '', 
  when it comes out . 
  this is so right . 
  the aivd ( dutch intelligence ) has been known to do more wiretaps than any other country , and has had full access to prism data . 
  our government has no moral high ground here , and should be forced to stop the rampant spying , just as much as the us government should . 
  and it 's up to us to make them do it , collectively, 
  stamp duty reserve tax is the equivalent of traditional stamp duty that applies to uncertificated shares , which does n't require a physical document . 
  i thought this was rather similar . 
  as i understand it , stamp duty is payable on stocks and other securities . 
  seems relatively comparable to me , but obviously i could be missing something . . could you please explain ? 
  very good argument that is a fine reason not to add any more taxes ever . 
  except that taxes are n't used solely as a source of revenue , but as a means to punish certain behaviours , just as tax breaks are meant to reward certain behaviours . 
  in this case , it is thought that financial transactions which would n't have made much profit ( and are thus thought to be less than useful to the economy ) will be discouraged . 
  also , a lot of the points you make above will happen regardless of whether this tax will be implemented . 
  any policy costs money and time to implement . 
  personally , i do n't think that 's a reason not to propose new policy . 
  in any case , i 'm not an economist , but i know there are well-known economists that are in favour of the ftt , so i doubt that you can categorically state it is good or bad on all fronts . 
  which is why i asked you not to state your case so certainly , you 're not stating universally agreed on points . 
  then why does the uk have stamp duty ? 
  it 's more limited in scope than the ftt , but the uk has it , and many other countries do n't . 
  somehow the uk did n't wait on the us and japan . 
  not even economists agree about that ( although , when do economists agree about anything ? ), 
  so please do n't state it so categorically . 
  let 's be fair , plenty of dutch people are homophobic . 
  homo is still a negative word and people use it all the time , and there is still a general ` gay is icky ' vibe around the discussions of homosexuality . 
   ** poland **  most trustworthy : germany  least trustworthy : germany damnit poland , sort your shit out . 
  since part of my urine will inevitably make it into the belgian water supply , i think i 'd like 3.4 % of every belgian 's water bill as well . 
  it 's only fair . 
  under dutch law , her formal title is queen . 
  the article talked about record profits . 
  the difference does n't need to be paid by customers if the owners were prepared to get a slightly smaller increase in profits . 
  the last bit is telling : have companies sponsor the monarchy ? 
  i suppose state visits should no longer be about the state , but about the companies ? 
  could you imagine other countries stooping to having the representations of their state become commercials ? 
  i 'm quite sure that if we had a ceremonial president , mr grunberg would not advocate the same . 
  by all means , cut their salary if that 's what 's bothering you . 
  but do n't put our head of government in the service of international companies . 
  it 's easy to see why he would propose this : nobody would take it seriously anymore and he can have his republic which would n't have any more equality . 
  disclaimer : i have n't read all of it , because it 's just too much with too much repetition and too little actually saying what you mean . 
  look , i understand where he 's coming from , and letting others be is an important part of forming a good society . 
  but that does n't mean i have to respect people who believe in god ( s ) . 
  often they have n't thought it through , and yes they believe for emotional reasons , for support . 
  but i do n't have to agree that that 's a valid reason to believe something is true . 
  at some point in his writing he mentions how angry ` american ' atheists get , and how that makes them look like fanatics themselves .
