  an acquaintance showed me his skeet shooting gun at some point and i held yet someone else 's walter handgun at some point . 
  i did n't shoot either one though . 
  apart from that , i have a couple of airguns , but that hardly counts i think :p, 
  it 's not distilled and had low alcohol content so i do n't think so . 
  remember , beer has been brewed for a very long time before hops were used . 
  the reinheidsgebot does n't define what makes something beer , it 's a rather new thing in the history of beer, 
  not sure if it counts as craft , but : [ jopen koyt ] ( http://www.jopenbier.nl/bieren/jopen-koyt/ ) , a beer with a herb mixture instead of hops , based on a recipe from 1407, 
  as long as we get our bikes back right =p, 
  do n't know how it is in madrid , but around here houses are let quite quickly after they 've become available . 
  not sure how that is possible in this economy , but i would guess it 's the houses outside larger cities that are empty . 
  i believe it 's actually bad if you stretch your leg all the way . 
  it needs to bend at least a little . 
  in this case , the saddle can go a bit higher imo , but not too much, 
  could n't agree more . 
  just a little higher would be perfect, 
  well , first 2 years it 's mostly learning to deal with other children , playing etc. 
  it 's more of a daycare thing , no learning to read or anyting , that starts in class 3 . 
  well , i 'm living in southern europe right now . 
  got to try hard to integrate , right ? 
  laughing my ass off at work now =d, 
  during new years i always go back home and then on the 31st i drop by one of my friends ' parents place cause they 'll be doing this while eating oliebollen . 
  i bring them spekdikken in return  very gezellig indeed, 
  you do n't really notice it tbh . 
  dis is a kreet aidee, 
  thanks for the info !, 
   as far as conditions go portlaoise seems to be pretty stellar , every prisoner has a personal shower , toilet , tv with an access to education services and a library . 
  as well as a gym and a yard . 
  if this goes for the prisoners under 23h lock as well , then us supermax and european supermax prisons seem to be very different beasts indeed, 
  so we have no idea if the prisoners there actually live in similar conditions as in adx florence ? 
  can anyone tell me the difference between the conditions in the adx florence prison and , say , portlaoise or nieuw vosseveld or any of the british high security prisons ? 
  i tried google and wiki , but i ca n't really tell what the strictest regimes in the european prisons are and how they stack up against those in adx florence, 
  not that it matters for us . 
  we would n't agree on funding the military until the country was already occupied :p, 
  should have used a picture from pamplona, 
  as someone with mild colour vision deficiency , can posters * please * stop using similar colours on the same map ? 
  i ca n't tell shabbat from day of saturn , nor sixth day from bath day and have trouble with eve of sunday and meeting of friends as well . . a version with patterns ( stripes etc ) would be very nice . 
  it 's good . 
  really good, 
  do we actually grow that ourselves , or is a significant part just being passed through and re-exported ? 
  any steppe horde ever , using their favourite tactic of a feigned retreat ? 
  the formation of germany ? 
  the glorious revolution ? 
  mumble mumble blackjack mumble hookers, 
  they speak so quickly here that they do n't even bother with half the sounds, 
  only about 40 predicted here in seville . 
   give it a rest if you did n't want me to talk about it , perhaps do n't reply to me -_- . 
  he did n't say ` stomme < something  ' , he said ` stelletje < something  ' . 
  apply that to wijven : ` stelletje wijven ' . 
  to me , that implies he thinks their behaviour has to do with them being female . 
  think of the context this is often used : - people gossip about something - stelletje wijven - people act rather gay - stelletje homo 's - people act nerdy - stelletje nerds etc. 
  it 's often said to imply their behaviour is stereotypical of the group that 's mentioned . 
  hey said it the same way one would say ` bunch of assholes ' in dutch ... 
  yeah . . 
  i 'd imagine british people saying fuck polish people with a pitchfork would n't go over well in r/europe either , what 's the point you 're trying to make with this ? 
  well only if you 're going to send geriatrics and babies to the front  you can easily cut that figure down to 35 % to get only people eligible by age . 
  then you have to remove everyone unfit to serve , etc. 
  ` course , you 'd have to do the same for the other countries, 
  your rhetoric really does n't seem to match up with what you seem to actually believe . . 
  most people would say someone inheriting more than 2 million chf does n't fall under the heading ` want money ? 
  work for it . ', 
  you may have a point that 2 million is too low in switzerland ( though , would n't such a tax only apply on any inherited money over 2 million ? 
  ) , but for most people you 're not exactly arguing against fat cats here . . 
  well often the skill requirements are ridiculously specific . 
  not saying this is the case with you , but some years experience with $ { required_language } and a good understanding of algorithms and design is n't good enough any more for some companies . 
  you need to know x framework , y distributed computing platform and z javascript framework du jour as well . 
  pff , other european countries might learn from them when it comes to restaurants with food from other countries though . 
  it 's not bad in the netherlands tbh , but there 's more variety there , and often it 's closer to the original because people from those countries get food from there often . 
  the cornetto trilogy ? 
  it 's not even just the dialogue as the terribly unconvincing way it 's said, 
   a christian thing that has always been between a man and a woman ? 
  and perhaps his concubines . 
  oh , the couple might be closely related as well . 
  you can marry at 12 too , would n't want to snub that tradition . 
  and of course , the woman should always do what the man says , that 's traditional . 
  oh traditionally marriage has been about political alliances as well , the commoners did n't really do marriage . 
  perhaps we should respect that rich tradition , and let fathers select suitable partners for their children that would benefit the family ? 
  or , of course , you could look further back than the last 200 years or so and recognise that there is no such thing as one traditional marriage . 
  i meant it as a joke ( as in , he could n't find one person who was both clean and well-mannered ) , but thanks, 
  it was meant as a joke ( as in , he could n't find one person who was both clean and well-mannered ) , but thanks anyway, 
   found both a well mannered and clean person . 
  they were german but it was still a nice surprise . 
  these were separate people ? 
   that was even high it went as far as smoking a joint ? 
  i like that it just looks so unfinished as well . 
  like they took the bottom bit of de olle grieze and forgot to steal the rest =d, 
   groningen is a much better place anyway . . wo n't hear me say anything else =d, 
  i 'm from groningen , no need to correct anything  we love ribbing on the frisians [ edit ] i 'm not sure about the roadsigns in leeuwarden , but i distinctly remember seeing groningen on the roadsigns quite early in friesland while driving through on the way from amsterdam . . 
  story time !, 
  a long long time ago , there used to be an area called frisia stretching along the north sea coast from southwestern netherlands to southwestern denmark . 
  these regions were conquered by different peoples over the ages and as such you can find different-but-related variations on friesland in this region , including dutch friesland , dutch west-friesland ( northern north holland ) , german ostfriesland , and danish nordfriesland . 
  the areas still called friesland today are not contiguous because different influences on the areas between them meant they changed . 
  groningen ( grunn ) is one such area , lying between friesland and ostfriesland yet not seeing itself as frisian . 
  in fact there 's a bit of rivalry between the two , or at least from groningen towards friesland . 
  the city of groningen had a large influence in the surrounding areas ( even into modern friesland ) , but it was more of a low-saxon city than frisian . 
  the northern half of the areas surrounding groningen considered themselves frisian however . 
  over time , the low-saxon influence of the city groningen changed the local language and culture , and the surrounding areas came to see themselves as gronings rather than frisian . 
  hence ostfriesland borders on groningen , not on friesland . 
  interestingly , the main dialect of ostfriesland is not a frisian language . 
  it 's mostly low-saxon , like gronings and near the borders the dialects are mutually intelligible . 
  the real ost-frisian language is nearly extinct , with small pockets here and there ( like saterfriesisch ) .
