  this is n't necessarily very informative . 
  counting only the wealthy countries , the us is one of the few countries that come close in population . 
  if we were to split it up and count the states individually , or conversely count the eu as one country , the results would be rather different i 'd think , considering that some european states are rather low on the list . 
  is the average you use the mean or the median ? 
  if it is the mean , could it be redone on the median ? 
  mean is easily skewed by a few very wealthy people . . 
  did people really use deutsch as a descriptor of people like that though ? 
  i mean , yes it 's fun to think about , but did such things really occur ? 
  other than it sounding like a nice story , there 's not much to it . 
  the netherlands as a nation did n't exist yet , but a shared ` national ' identity had started to form at that point , which encompassed what 's sometimes referred to as the low countries now . 
  when you say ` which , by the way , does not yet mean `` from the netherlands '' . ', 
  you 're just guessing , and from what i could find of the etymology , guessing wrongly . 
  for all we know , to some people it * would * have meant ` from the netherlands ' , which may or may not have included modern day belgium and more . 
  you ca n't just assert something like that because the country itself did n't exist for a long time . 
  now i 'm not asserting that william of orange would have identified himself as being dutch , but then h e never wrote the song did he ? 
  well , that 's the thing . 
  language use changes , and by that time i 'm not sure people using the word duits / diets still thought of it as meaning ` of the ( common ) people ' , as opposed to just contrasting their local language with latin and french . 
  note that both your sources say that it meant both . 
  so while i 'm sure willem may have used a very similar language , i 'm not sure that duits was originally meant to include languages other than the dutch dialects . 
  i 'm not sure of the converse either of course . 
  in general , as a scientific-minded person i 'm not a fan of the method of putting yourself in their shoes . 
  there 's too many biases of looking at it from the point of view of a 21st century european ( in my case ) . 
  i do n't mean that in an insulting type of way , i understand what you mean and it seems like the best way to enjoy history , but i would n't take it as evidence of anything . 
  ahh , i knew there was no germany to speak of , but i thought there were some more regional nuances , e.g. 
  when a person from the low countries said duits/diets etc , i thought they would mean firstly people from the netherlands , and other ` duitsch ' peoples secondly and the same for people from say , saxony or bavaria etc. 
  all the references ( in dutch , so possibly biased ) i could find to this explained it in the same way , that the usage you describe had already faded away a bit , at least in the netherlands , and that people used the word as i said , firstly to describe people in the netherlands ( which include the at the time still spanish netherlands ) . 
  [ here ] ( http://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/wilhelmus ) is said the same :  in de 16e en 17e eeuw betekende duits namelijk nederlands . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.etymologiebank.nl/trefwoord/duits ) are listed some usages of the word from the 15th century , contrasting variations of ` duits ' with wallonian , flemish , brabantian and latin , which would give it a rather specific meaning . 
  so , the meaning in any instance of the word could mean either dutch , or more widely ` germanic ' . 
  but again , it seems to have been definitely used to refer to the local ` language of the people ' as well , not only to the all-encompassing group of languages it seems from these limited sources , that people did n't always mean the inclusive ` the people ' when they used diets/duits , at least in the netherlands . 
  you seem to know what you 're talking about though , do you know where i could read more about the usage of ` duits ' over time ? 
  well yes , but i mentioned this in the context of the wilhelmus , and that the original meaning of the word duits * as used in the wilhelmus * could very well have been dutch instead of german . 
  i do n't think the usage by other peoples is very relevant here . 
  yes , they have the same root and etymologically mean ' ( of ) the people . 
  however , in 16th and 17th century netherlands , duits and diets were used interchangeably and commonly referred to the dutch people and language , although it could be used to refer to the various german peoples as well . 
  although duits could have referred to all those people at various times , at the time of writing the wilhelmus , duits would have referred to the netherlands first ( in the dutch language ) , and the other peoples second . 
  i 'd prefer to keep the wilhelmus . 
  the weird-looking bits make sense when you put it in context , and other than that it 's quite nice , although i would n't mind if they sped it up a bit to be closer to the original marching tune it was . 
  actually at the time of writing duits could have referred to dutch as well as german . 
  not sure which one was meant here . 
  as for the people saying to get a new anthem : hell no , i love it . 
  i like the imagery of it being from the point of view of william of orange , and putting it in context of its history it all makes sense . 
  can i ask why you would n't move back ? 
  did n't know about the national insurance costs , that 's good to know . 
  seriously , i 've only been called duck a couple of times . 
  feels like i 'm doing something wrong ... 
  there 's no giant differences , as long as you make sure to respect queues ( waiting lines ) at all times , you 'll be fine i guess . 
  in a pub , go to the bar to order food , in nicer ( more expensive ) places , wait for them to come to you . 
  tips not expected in cheaper places , just like netherlands . 
  say please and thank you a lot as well , it 's considered rude not to ( observe locals ordering a beer for example ) . 
  studying computer science , in sheffield . 
  most people i have no problem with , but some people have such a broad accent ... 
  moved from the netherlands to the uk . 
   how difficult was learning the language ? 
  already knew it quite well , although the local accent was ( and still is ) a pain to understand . 
  this goes for other british people as well though , so no worries  any hostility ? 
  people are generally quite positive  do you feel integrated ? 
  do you have a timeline on when you will ? 
  hmm somewhat . 
  however , i 'll always feel dutch first though i suppose , and i have no intention of ditching what i feel are the nice parts of ` dutchness '  how is your new country better/worse than your old one ? 
  better : ale , free healthcare , people have more tact worse : houses , no bike infrastructure , people have more tact  are you planning to settle ? 
  most likely , due to job opportunities . 
  would move to yet another country without a second 's doubt if the opportunity arises though . 
   how difficult was it to gain employment in your new country ? 
  came here to study , so n/a  any things you wish you knew before you left ? 
  not really , already had researched local life quite a bit . 
   is the quality of life better in you 're new one ? 
  well , considering i lived with my parents in a largish house in the countryside and moved to student housing in a city , i 'd have to say no . 
  more generally , housing is worse , people care less about food and health . 
  however , the countryside nearby is great and i do n't have to worry about health insurance etc as much . 
  i 'd say it 's a draw . 
   do you find the culture overwhelming ? 
  very rarely . 
   how difficult was/is it making new friends ? 
  ( with other emigrants and also the natives ) . 
  other emigrants was easy , as i got to know quite a few during the first weeks at uni . 
  to get to know locals i had to join a club , as making contact otherwise is awkward ( this may just be me though )  what 're your future plans ? 
  finding a job somewhere , 
  thanks . 
  do n't know why i felt the need to say that , insecurity probably , 
  i know you probably do n't mean me personally , but i 'd just like it to be clear that i do n't support what 's happening and i 've been voting for parties that are in favour of debt mutualisation and fiscal transfer ... it 's just not doing much good . 
  a lot of people i talk to wo n't acknowledge that this is causing harm either . 
  it should serve to wake up the northern countries . 
  are we really that wed to our morality play about managing money , that we 'd let this happen in order to get our point across ? 
  i agree that the eu desperately needs demoratic legitimacy , and the eurozone needs greater integration . 
  however , i do n't think there 's majority support for it right now , and i do n't think the eu , or pro-eu parties will be able to change public opinion in time . 
  i think we really are destined to go the way of the hre : to muddle through for far too long with an inadequate system , and ultimately dissolve . . edit : spilleng, 
  important figure , but not a personification i think . 
  he 's never used to stand in for the entire nation for example . 
  i 'd say the ` leeuw van oranje ' would be a better example , although perhaps not great . 
  the bit saying more complex , at least in nature , does n't have to be the case . 
  a different colour can confer an evolutionary advantage , but i would n't call it more complex . 
  nor does an evolutionary change have to be advantageous at all . 
  what i meant by direction is that there is n't a drive in evolution to make organisms more intelligent for example , which is something the evolution of man graphic implies . 
  the ` direction ' of evolution is always conditioned on the environment of the organism , and even then for any given environment there are many niches an organism can inhabit , not one single ` better ' direction . 
  for example , although humans are wildly successful , the hominidae as a family are n't so much , especially compared to say ants , which have been estimated to make up between 15 % and 25 % of terrestrial animal biomass , and are present on most continents ( except antarctica ) . 
  as for the oed definition : most biologists would argue that the second half of it is not true , at least since the modern evolutionary synthesis . 
  there has been some debate over what would constitute evolutionary progress and how you would measure it , as well as whether it is a part of evolution at all . 
  see also [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/largest-scale_trends_in_evolution ) . 
  i personally dislike using the term to mean progress when not referencing biology , because it causes people to think that it means the same within biology .
