  very reluctant to speak english is still different than unable to speak english , like my grandparents . 
  as i said to another commenter , my grandparents have trouble speaking grammatically correct dutch as well though , as they tend to mix in bits of grammar from dialect . . my grandparents are an exception though , i suspect most of the 29 % figure is people who have german as second language instead of english . 
  i know you mean this as a bit of a joke , but it 's definitely true for my grandparents . 
  what is he running ? 
  i 'm probably misunderstanding this . 
  do they want banks to lend more money ? 
  i thought the idea was that banks should hold more capital to underwrite their loans in an effort to prevent future crashes ? 
  is this completely unrelated , or does the ecb simply not care about ` too big to fail ' banks lending a lot ? 
  well given that they 're allowed to put the 3 month restriction in it , clearly not quite equally . 
  still it would be nice if the eu relaxed this to a minimum across the eu for people who have n't paid into the national system , to make the burden similar for all countries . 
  hmm apparently you 're right , some question and answer sites said 12 months , but the jobcentre website says 3 months . 
  i did find on the [ gov.uk website ] ( http://www.dwp.gov.uk/international/benefits/jobseekers-allowance/jobseekers-allowance-in-eea/ ) that eastern european nationals are treated differently though :  nationals from czech republic , estonia , hungary , latvia , lithuania , poland , slovakia and slovenia who have been working for less than 12 months have a right to reside while they are in work and registered under the worker 's registration scheme . 
  nationals from bulgaria and romania who have been working for less than 12 months have a right to reside if they are in work and registered under the worker authorisation scheme . 
  if they cease work their right to reside will usually depend on being self-sufficient and they are unlikely to qualify for income-related benefits . 
  for more information contact your local jobcentre plus office . 
  i do n't know if that 's out of date however . 
  in any case , apparently europeans come here , get by for 3 months , then get jobseeker 's allowance for 6 months and then what ? 
  do they still have a right to reside if they 're not in work and not eligible for benefits ? 
  [ edit ] apparently untrue , see below  ukip 's argument is that we should n't let people in who are net receivers , so publishing this one frequently is n't going to counter their argument . 
  i would agree with this , but i do n't understand how that happens in the first place . 
  in order to receive jobseeker 's allowance ( and many other benefits ) you need to have worked in the uk for at least 1 year , and the amount of time you get it is usually dependent on how long you 've worked . 
  how do these jobless migrants gain entry to the uk and then manage to get benefits as well ? 
  how are ukip and lepen the result of russian lobbying ? 
  wow that 's awesome in a stupid kind of way . 
  given that the king would be above the constitution , a constitutional monarchy is out at the very least . 
  got ta love people who think there 's one simple solution to all our problems , 
  there may be bias introduced as the 1000 voting stations may not be representative ( for example , they may be predominantly in cities ( people in cities vote differently from the countryside ) or mostly in holland ( the east and north traditionally votes more socialist ) , etc etc. 
  do they want a spanish or luxembourgian bourbon to rule france ? 
  are they envisioning an absolute monarchy , or parlementarian ? 
  i 'm no christian , but ... have these people ever read the new testament ? 
  are they secretly atheists trying to further secularism through reductio ad absurdum ? 
  seriously , wtf ? 
  and seeing the multitudes , he went up into a mountain : and when he was set , his disciples came unto him : and he opened his mouth , and taught them , saying , blessed are the eurosceptics : for theirs is their sovereignty blessed are the poor : for they will get no help from us blessed are the meek : for they shall inherit this clusterfuck blessed are they which do hunger and thirst after righteousness : for they would not have gotten it anyway blessed are the merciful : for they shall not receive it in return blessed are the pure in heart : for they are easy to fool blessed are the peacemakers : for they shall fall divided . 
  blessed are they which are persecuted for righteousness ' sake : for they will be shipped back to their own country, 
   money and influence will always find their way . 
  i can promise you that . 
  no offence , but you 're response to that reads a lot like `` so fuck it , let 's not even try '' . 
  the reason money and influence find a way is that they work hard throughout the year to find that way . 
  whereas those who want a truly representative system apparently ca n't even be arsed to do something once every few years . 
  no wonder the money has more influence . 
  how is that going to change anything ? 
  conversely , how would voting support such practices ? 
  [ sorry ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=06ocf-opjia ), 
   ik dfgyhuip oikujhg you 're going to do what ??!? 
  oh i 'm sorry i did n't mean to imply you were against universal health care . 
  it 's good to hear some states are trying this though , 
  yes , i think that 's the point . 
  not that it matters either way cause just pointing at population density is n't an argument . 
  even then , lower population density is a red herring - it is n't like everybody is spread out over the country evenly , the vast majority live in cities and there 's far fewer in the countryside or wilderness . 
  just do the normal thing for the vast majority and then see if you can improve things for those not in large population centres . 
  of course , it all suffers from the same reasoning gap : why is this a problem for socialized health care but not for private healthcare ? 
  and if there 's a sensible answer to that : why ca n't they find a compromise between socialized and private , like the dutch system ( it is n't perfect but definitely better than the current us system ), 
   i thought europeans had some standards !, 
  lol , no  more seriously , is there some kind of popular country music scene in europe that i have n't noticed in almost 3 years here ? 
  or is the song popular because it is different and new ? 
  not really , i think it 's more that country/western is a bit novel for eurovision , something other than the endless ballads and europop . 
  other than that , taste is not absolute and though i 'm sure country produces a large amount of kitschy crap , there 's probably good stuff to be found as well . 
  i 'm personally not a big fan of country , but i do enjoy the music the eurovision singer has made and given that that 's classed as country i apparently like at least some country . 
  perhaps we 're more open to it because we have n't been inundated with crappy country ? 
  why do you think country style music ca n't appeal to people outside of the us ? 
  i agree there was n't much of a performance to the song but i rather like the simpler presentation . 
  there 's obviously not an objective winner , to each their own and if conchita 's song appeals to you that 's fair . 
  i still suspect there 's a lot of people voting for conchita for reasons other than the song or performance though , which is in perfect eurovision style , but still a bit annoying at times . 
  i meant pop as in [ europop ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/europop ) specifically . 
  yeah all the songs here are simple , appealing to lowest common denominator and all that , but that does n't mean they all have to be similar . 
  there 's too little diversity in style for my tastes , and a punk entry would have been a breath of fresh air to me . 
  the malta and netherlands entries stood out to me not because they were more complicated or much better songs , but because they were in a different style than the others and i happen to like both styles . 
  that 's true . 
  i 'm quite happy that people stuck it to the homophobes etc ( belarusian and russian officials especially ) in that way . 
  and i 'm quite aware that eurovision is n't really about the music itself , but i thought there were other songs better than rise like a phoenix nonetheless . 
  in absolute terms , no . 
  however , eurovision is flooded with ballads and pop songs , so in terms of standing out in that crowd i thought the malta entry was quite nice and the dutch entry as well ofc ( although i 've heard better songs from her ) . 
  haha good point we need to make the 3 % quota next year ( as if ), 
  good point about the act thing . 
  did n't expect ilse to do as well as she did tbh , it 's just that i did n't feel the austrian entry was particularly good . 
  would have preferred seeing malta win , but clearly it 's the wrong demographic , 
  fair enough , i thought the song was very bland though . 
  plenty of other countries having a similar ballad type song as entry , did n't do anything for me . 
  heh got to admit they 're all generic . 
  i personally do n't really like the austria entry though , there 's enough ballads like that already and nothing really stands out other than the bearded lady thing . 
  yeah we did n't win because of a gimmick . 
  let 's face it , conchita 's song was mediocre at best , it 's not the song they were voting for . 
  really annoying cause ilse really is one of the better dutch performers . 
  [ sorry if you were n't being serious here ] there 's no need for debate in this case . 
  it 's a simple question of what his opinions and views are and if they happen to be the polar opposite of what ukip stands for i really do n't think a debate of any kind is productive . 
  you 're not going to change somebody 's opinions on stuff like this in the few weeks that are left before voting . 
  it would be like somebody asking me if i 'm likely to vote for pvv : i 'm pro-europe and thoroughly dislike wilders , what 's there left to debate ? 
  i 'd much prefer a europe of regions to the current situation . 
  it would prevent any one country from having too much influence and would most likely promote regional differences which would do a lot to make up for the centralisation it would bring, 
  i like this response , it works whether you 're in favour or against nuclear power : if you 're in favour it might seem a better alternative to both shale gas and russian gas , and if you 're against it neatly highlights the ignored downsides in the proposal of the minister . 
  in fact , that 's the only way to interpret it in english . 
  to get your meaning you 'd have to say :  the netherlands humiliated by northern europe . 
  hmm it is perhaps pretentious , but still a very enjoyable read . 
  guess that 's my bias as groninger then , i always considered the accent to be completely clear , just like most accents . . 
  it 's the other dialects i struggle understanding, 
  sure they were n't just speaking gronings ? 
  there 's a massive difference between the gronings dialect and dutch with a gronings accent . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-jas0x4-608 ) is dutch with a gronings accent ( by most of the interviewed locals ) and [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_dnwyitp3ck ) is gronings dialect, 
  ahh well my experience is mainly with small villages in the countryside , where the teens have nothing to do but get horribly wasted and with groningen , where some clubs stay open until 7/8 leading to some interesting sights as well . 
  yeah drinking culture is weird here .
