  you can literally smell the meth . 
  if you 're interested , you need to commit to ~ 7 weeks of being available either via pm or via email for the planning stage . 
  i need the following from you if you have an idea for a website ( needs to be reasonably complex , images , etc. 
  your clients name, 
  a short summary of what your website will be about, 
  pm me if you 're still interested , 
  the point of this assessment is to make a website for a client ( like in a real-world scenario ) , so that 's why i 'm asking reddit , 
  if you 're interested , you need to commit to ~ 7 weeks of being available either via pm or via email for the planning stage . 
  i need the following from you if you have an idea for a website ( needs to be reasonably complex , images , etc. 
  your clients name, 
  a short summary of what your website will be about, 
  pm me if you 're still interested , 
  the point of this assessment is to make a website for a client ( like in a real-world scenario ) , so that 's why i 'm asking reddit , 
  if you 're interested , you need to commit to ~ 7 weeks of being available either via pm or via email for the planning stage . 
  i need the following from you if you have an idea for a website ( needs to be reasonably complex , images , etc. 
  your clients name, 
  a short summary of what your website will be about, 
  pm me if you 're still interested , 
  the point of this assessment is to make a website for a client ( like in a real-world scenario ) , so that 's why i 'm asking reddit , 
  and why most of us take the train , 
  vlvodaahf : violet hill, 
  mx : hurts like heaven, 
  x&y : talk and gravity , 
  gs : true love, 
  i 'm a bit late here , but i 'm part of the new zealand contingent . 
  what . 
  the . 
  actual . 
  the nz rovers & venturer scouts do this every . 
  single . 
  party . 
  i would say that she 's just being friendly , but i really do n't know : /, 
  that would be great !, 
  we 're just worried about getting enough people our age that it 's feasible , so that 's who we aimed the post at . 
  that 's basically what i was asking for , thanks !, 
  i just did n't know how to really word it : /, 
  i 'm applying next year , and i think that it 's easier to get in for me as i 'm a dutch citizen ( i 'm half dutch even though i live in nz ), 
  i was n't looking for it to be an official thing , but i 'll look into it . 
  or the nsa . 
  really ? 
  link ? 
  the `` supporters '' in upper hutt are all right-wing ex-aucklanders living in kaitoke , 
  there was a series of letters in the leader at the end of last year . 
  i was just there . 
  it was n't all it was cracked up to be . 
  [ here 's a guide to getting a transplant . 
  ] ( https://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20090608091323aa5xd7o ), 
  i like the look of the studio , if it 's any reflection of the style of music !, 
  his post history gave me a headache ... 
  that got dark quickly . 
  / r/ooer, 
  ah , my daily dose of jenny . 
  upper hutt power comes through the brown owl substation , lower hutt comes through melling . 
  now kiss, 
  the fog by kara 's flowers, 
  mediocrity and nothing good . 
  most of us are only here because we do n't want to go to heretaunga . 
  next we 'll hear that she touched his penis a little . 
  god . 
  ftfy . 
  * in my opinion * , x&y is the longest title . 
  ca n't edit titles . 
  ... i 'm asking for a friend . 
  is mayonnaise an instrument ? 
  i 've been upvoted so many times that it 's red . 
  thank you for your suggestion . 
  / r/murica, 
  but it was the most fun cal had had throwing up that year . 
  10/10 with rice . 
  11/10 with rice, 
  thank you for your suggestion . 
  knock knock ... 
  who 's there ? 
  the pilot - let me in !, 
  they 're not logged in . 
  so ... you have to imagine what a fart sounds like ? 
  i think you need to see a doctor if you 've never farted . 
  i 'm waiting for integrated ticketing for trains too ... 
  i do n't want to have to pay cash for anything !, 
  cityline hutt valley had one too , iirc . 
  i 'd like to be able to take a bus anywhere in the region with just a snapper card . 
  it 's the only part of our public transport system that 's inferior to akl 's . 
  did n't they say that two years ago as well ? 
  * just * a little , though . 
  wumbology , the study of wumbo ... 
   but they changed for the better, 
   they 're probably unwilling to give it up just to integrate with snapper . 
  exactly . 
  it was purple . 
  i knew what it was . 
  i still clicked . 
  cheap mexicans - can not affort real joke videos . 
  you can top snapper up at most dairies . 
  darude - sandstorm, 
  i only see hunter2 . 
  chainsaws . 
  happy cake day !, 
  cos they 're jealous . 
  i 'd probably join in ( as an experienced player ) !, 
  the paper is rerun every couple of months over here ,
