  you know , thm used to do whole solo shows where all he would do was go out on stage and tell the audience that creep is a bad song . 
  ful album, 
  i think this is the best fantano has sounded for a while actually ... nice to see him back from whatever mental space he was in, 
  i think you may be misunderstanding the question - i 'm looking for a derivation of the * result given in the se question * ( i.e. 
  that particular relation between the gradient ` m ` of the tangent and the point ( h , k ) which it passes through ) . 
  basically i have a point ( h , k ) and i am looking for the two possible gradients of lines passing through that point which would make the line a tangent line - i do n't need to find the equation of the possible tangents themselves . 
  not sure what you mean by intersecting the result you give with the ellipse - the intersection of your line with the ellipse will be exactly ( u , v ) surely , by definition ? 
  i do n't see how it helps find the gradient of the line . 
  thanks for your help, 
  oh thanks , i knew i was missing something to do with primes/units !, 
  glad to see i was n't the only one who had to go verify his statement, 
  and there was me hoping for b-sides like with x&y ... 
  have n't seen shitposts of this quality since the hypetrain pulled in . 
  creep is a bad song, 
  creep is a bad song ~ thm, 
  in fact , pretty sure two of them were the same person . 
  even worse !, 
  upvoted for the dedication to good formatting . 
  keep it up !, 
  who owns a home edition copy of windows 95 with an installation disc in 2017 ? 
  here 's hoping for a re-issue of castrations . 
  another fl fan checking in - i enjoy awwtm , but prefer htditfh myself !, 
  the beach house babes . 
  i used to use ubuntu a year or two ago , but switched to manjaro when all the controversy happened around the community involvement stuff and mir/upstart/etc . 
  today , i installed ubuntu , and it was like seeing an old friend . 
  everything just * worked * - it was clean and fresh , and it felt good to be back . 
  it might not feel stable or utilitarian , but it feels good . 
  i used to really like ubuntu and use it , and i am starting to again . 
  -- signed : a ( former ) manjaro user ( i still like manjaro too ! ), 
  wellington ( brookfield scout camp ) will be up until about eight tonight ( 7am in utc ) and from eight tomorrow ( 7pm utc ) until mid-afternoon ( 1am utc ) . 
  most of the rest of nz will be on the same schedule . 
  looking forward to it !, 
  what did they do this time ? 
  i 'm in new zealand , and my exams are over !, 
  our power just came back on after being off for ~ 20min ( upper hutt ) . 
  `` once dreamt that i could move faster than time and could cut anything with the spear in my hand . 
  so what do i do with my newfound superpower ? 
  go to the most populous city and cut everyone open at once . 
  several million people multiplied by 5 liters of blood somehow meant streets ankle deep with red life juice . 
  as if that were even realistic ... is it ? 
  nah , could n't be . '', 
  i 'm / u/mitrepl , the new mod here in the upper hutt subreddit . 
  if you have any changes you want to make or any suggestions , leave a comment !, 
  edit : i 'm looking for a photo of the city for the header . 
  leave a comment on this thread or submit a new link if you have a good-quality photo - not necessarily an overview of the city ( it could be anything ) !, 
  i 'm looking for copies of the three kara 's flowers albums ( ... we like digging ? , the fourth world , and stagg street recordings ) . 
  i 've found the fourth world on amazon , but i have n't had any luck with the other two . 
  i think the first one is really rare , so i 'm not surprised , but i thought that i could find stagg street somewhere . 
  does anyone know where i can find any of them ? 
  my best friend just had a baby with his girlfriend , a year younger than him . 
  he 's decided to keep the baby , which i agree with ( it 's his baby , it 's his problem and he should take responsibility ) . 
  however , she 's not really a good influence on him ( drug history , violent ) , especially as he has psychological problems himself . 
  he used to be seeing a psychiatrist about it , but his parents stopped him ( they 're not the best parents in many ways ) . 
  about his parents - it 's bad enough at his house that we 've considered calling child youth and family to sort it out , but we 're worried that it might mess up his long-term plans about university and the baby . 
  he 's only going to be living there for two more years , but we 're not totally comfortable about it . 
  also , the ages ( he 's 15 and almost 16 , she just turned 15 ) . 
  he 's got a steady part-time job , but he still needs to keep going to school ( he wants to do engineering at uni ) . 
  she does n't regularly turn up , and basically has dropped out ( suspended multiple times , shows up once a week ) . 
  i 've told him that he can talk to me and a couple of other friends about it , and that he should go and see a psych as soon as possible without talking to his parents - is there anything else that i could/should do ? 
  we ( me , him , and another close friend ) are meeting up on monday ( nz time ) to go into town and just hang out , so we 're talking to him face to face then . 
  any advice would be appreciated , / r/teenagers ... 
  are there any compilation albums that cover x&y and later albums ? 
  i have a copy of a rush of b-sides , but it only covers parachutes and arobtth . 
  is there a way to set font effects on text ( like small caps ) in draw ? 
  the option in the character formatting dialogue is disabled . 
  i 'm a high school student organising our junior debating team for a debate on wednesday . 
  our moot ( which we 're negating ) is `` auckland should be the capital of nz '' . 
  we 're going to turn that around and argue that `` wellington should stay as the capital of nz '' . 
  do any of you have any ideas for more arguments to support our point ? 
  we 're currently got :, 
  * wellington is more central, 
  * it 's been capital for  100yrs and it 's worked well in that role, 
  * auckland is already basically the economic capital, 
  * wellington is greater than auckland , 
  thanks for any input !!!, 
  * edit : thanks for everyone who put their 2 ^ c in !, 
  i 'll get your ideas to the team so they can get their prep done by the debate !, 
  good luck also to anyone else doing the inter-school debating comps - unfortunately my ( senior ) team missed the deadline so we have a year to practice !, 
  hello , fellow / r/teenagecoders !, 
  i just thought that seeing as most of you are jsut learning to program in the last couple of years or even months , you might want to have a look at reading up on `` code style '' or `` code conventions '' . 
  these are important because they help other people to read and understand what the code they are reading actually does . 
  here 's a couple of pages on exactly why it 's important :, 
  * http://www.smashingmagazine.com/2012/10/25/why-coding-style-matters/, 
  * http://stackoverflow.com/questions/127916/is-programming-style-important-how-important, 
  and here 's the best ( imho ) c++ guide :, 
  * http://geosoft.no/development/cppstyle.html, 
  if you have any pages on conventions for java , python or any other language , or any questions , just comment !, 
  i need a client to make a website for for a 7-credit assessment . 
  is anyone interested ? 
  edit : will get back to ppl 2morrow morning, 
  i 'm a high school student from nz considering the aerospace bsc . 
  what do i need to know/what might i want to know before applying ? 
  academic standards etc. 
  a couple of friends and i are interested in starting an academic society ( maths , physics , chem , bio , anything really ) , and were wondering if anyone else would be interested . 
  we would be meeting at the central library starting next term if we got enough interest . 
  the first meeting i will be speaking about graph theory ( as91576 but it will be just a general discussion about interesting stuff , not rigorously covering the standard ! ) . 
  one thing to note is that it * would n't * be a study group !, 
  it would just be a group of people interested in learning above and beyond what is taught at school . 
  we want to be open to anyone at secondary school , no matter what school ( except maybe hc ) . 
  if you 're interested , either pm me or comment below .
