  cop, 
  greed/holy money, 
  filth, 
  white light from the mouth of infinity, 
  the burning world, 
  love of life, 
  my father will guide me up a rope to the sky, 
  asking the important questions . 
  nybble . 
  all the original content around here is * stunning * . 
  absolutely original . 
  definitely . 
  obviously you just used the d , so the only answer left is c. simple logic !, 
  fuck you, 
  a good place to start is to write out all the variables you 're given and then what you 're trying to find . 
  you need to find the velocity of the air , but you need the momentum first using the eq 's given . 
  full solution :, 
  feel free to ask questions !, 
  tl ; dr the answer is 4ms-1 . 
  also posted in / r/teenagers . 
  the fact that your brain makes you think you do n't want to proves / u/atomicllama1 's point . 
  yes , but the fact that you do n't * want * to confirms that in a healthy human , the brain will prevent self-harm . 
  if the brain did n't prevent self-harm in healthy humans , there would be be no feeling of not wanting to self-harm . 
  as i said above , my comments only stand for * healthy humans * . 
  self-harm of * any * sort is listed by the dsm-iv as a major symptom of borderline personality disorder , so people who cut ( because they are suffering immense emotional pain or turmoil , or for `` fun '' , or for any other reason ) is generally not a sign of a healthy human . 
  the brain will prevent self-harm in a healthy human . 
  if a human is self-harming , their brain is not functioning correctly and so they are not healthy . 
  at this point , i want to point out that this \\* is not * my * opinion - this is the majority opinion of the international psychological community . 
  ^ ( * the fact that self-harm is a symptom of mental issues ), 
  edit : i noticed that below that you have listed several examples of self-harm being permitted by the human brain - i will go through each one in turn . 
  * pain olympics - entrants in this sort of competition are probably not the kind of person who would be classified as healthy - they probably also have disorders that disable pathways in the brain dealing with this type of pain ( for example , self-defeating personality disorder or masochistic personality disorder ) . 
  * `` trannies cutting off their balls with no pain killers '' - i really do n't want to get into an argument about sexual orientation/gender dysphoric disorders/anything else like this , but generally gender dysphoria is classified as a mental disorder ( gender identity disorder ) . 
  i should probably also remind you that mental disorders are mental/behavioral patterns which prevent full function in everyday life - a healthy human may have mental issues but will not be prevented from fully functioning ( self-harmers are prevented from fully functioning either by their emotional difficulties or by their physical injuries , therefore self-harm is a mental disorder and not a sign of a healthy mind ) . 
  * people cutting their arms off in a life-threatening situation - the mind in a life-threatening situation will give up the proper function of parts of the body in order for survival of the whole ( another example of the same thing is hypothermia - in extreme cold , the brain cuts off blood supply to extremities to keep the core warm ) . 
  in this case , the cutting of the arm off is self-harm but is also a survival instinct . 
  your other examples are n't survival instincts , but symptoms of an underlying mental condition or emotional pain . 
  in conclusion , self-harm is generally ( with the exception of situations like those in the last paragraph ) a symptom of an underlying disorder or emotional turmoil . 
  in these cases , the brain is not expected to act normally and so the normal pain-prevention functions ( which prevent damage to the body ) are not operating properly and so there is no urge to protect oneself from pain , self-inflicted or ( in some cases ) otherwise . 
  i have met several people who cut , and also several more extreme cases where even pain inflicted on them by others/the environment does not register in their brains as threatening . 
  these people were n't healthy , because they had other problems going on that prevented proper function of their brains . 
  tl ; dr : people do n't cut for fun , they cut because they have serious mental issues which prevent the pain-prevention centres of the brain from operating correctly . 
  as somebody from upper hutt , i have practical experience with this . 
  nope . 
  i really love the guitar !, 
  it sounds similar to embrace 's work from the mid-late 2000s . 
  i know they gave gravity to embrace as a single . 
  does this mean that the re-issue is coming soon ? 
  unfortunately that 's not an option here . 
  well , thanks for the image . 
  just if anyone is interested , [ upper hutt 's flag ] ( http://www.upperhuttcity.com/your-council/mayor-council/coat-of-arms/ ) . 
  from memory ( i 'm in akl atm ) it 's a gold cross with maroon quarters and the shield in the middle . 
  stuff post : http://www.stuff.co.nz/dominion-post/news/72901315/firefighters-battle-blaze-at-wellingtons-basin-reserve, 
  nothing suspicious has been found . 
  iirc they did n't write it for embrace , they just gave it to embrace after writing it ( it was performed live by coldplay as far back as 2002 ) . 
  it 's also a b-side for talk ( alongside sleeping sun ) . 
  i think the coldplaying.com forums have a thread about it . 
  i 'm just thankful he made it home ? 
  * tips fedora, 
  after hearing `` hello '' and reading about what she 's said about the direction of 25 , i 'm really excited for nov 20th !, 
  it would be great if this era had some b-sides . 
  2/10 computers are crunchy with rice, 
  you must be disappointed that you wo n't get to taste your shoe . 
  by last three songs , are you counting daahf and the escapist as one song or two ? 
  official audio now on youtube !, 
  i see we have the colour song , 
  yellow , green eyes , white shadows , violet hill , charlie brown , midnight , and now colour spectrum . 
  it seems the rumours are true - they have been building up a whole spectrum of colours with their albums , leading up to this point !, 
  and ... coldplaying.com is down :(, 
  i know which one out of daft punk and avicii i would choose !, 
  exactly  chris martin was obviously lying when he said that this would n't be their last album - they 've done what they set out to do 16 years ago !, 
  ca n't forget the pre-parachutes era , 
  all aboard the ~ ~ hype ~ ~ colour train !, 
  it 's a shade of blue . 
  parachutes on our globe, 
  and it 's the first time it 's been done live with an audience . 
  and ... copyright claim . 
  no , you just spelt it with an e. 
  ncea students represent, 
  same here . 
  i got 6.33554518 . 
  it wants it to 8dp according to the screenshot . 
  for your second question , see http://www.mathwords.com/a/approximation_by_differentials.htm . 
  we take the derivative of the volume equation with respect to radius ( as the height is constant ) :, 
  dr is 6.1 - 6 = 0.1 , r = 6 , and h = 5 . 
  note that this is only an approximate value as we would normally take dr and dv to be infinitesimally small , rather than large like 0.1 . 
  if we took ( for example ) dv to be 0.001 , we would get a more accurate value for the equivalent dr value ( in this case , we would be approximating the change in volume between r = 6 and r = 6.001 ) . 
   the second one ( though i do n't think that 's your question ) is dv = pi/3 ( 2rh * dr + r2 * dh ) . 
  you should take the derivative with respect to radius rather than to height ( as radius is varying and height is constant ) - see my top-level answer . 
  according to the nzqa website , the possible marks are, 
  n - not achieved a - achieved m - achieved with merit e - achieved with excellence, 
  abs - absent sna - standard not attempted rna - result not yet available, 
  i think you get an abs if you do n't show up at all and an sna if you submit an unmarked booklet but do turn up . 
  the full list of grades ( source is marking schedule for l1 mcat ) is :, 
  result | code to record, 
  not achieved | n, 
  achievement | a, 
  merit | m, 
  excellence | e, 
  standard not attempted ( blank ) | v, 
  absent | y,
