  no , the court voted 5-4 for referendum . 
  that sounds unbelievably stupid . 
  thanks for clearing it up . 
  if the demand is huge , why is nobody building new apartments ? 
  you 're going to pay the same as in slovenia . 
  this is how eu solves problems . 
  because that would be logical solution . 
  we can not have plenty of those in europe . 
  why solve a problem , when you can make a bigger mess of it and then try to solve it . 
   go to a party  get drunk  ???? 
   ~ ~ now you 're dating ~ ~ now you have a hangover let me fix that, 
  sometimes i think if i was gay , my dating life would be much simpler . 
  i guess it 's nice to know that i 'm not the only idiot . 
  at least someone is . 
  thank you . 
  i do n't know . 
  i changed it , but it still shows eu flair , while in sidebar i have slovenian flair . 
  edit : it works now . 
  honestly , i have n't figured that out yet . 
  there is a brilliant report on facebook , written by someone who actually worked there . 
  i 'll just give rough translation , because champions league starts soon so i do n't have the time to make proper translation . 
  truth about these refugees is somewhere in between . 
  for example first group that arrived was awful . 
  they burned tents , fought and left a mess . 
  there was another group which was nice and organised themselves so everybody got food . 
  in his opinion the organisation and security are very good . 
  police is doing their job really good . 
  volunteers are probably a cause for a quite a few of problems . 
  also , they only show up when food needs to be distributed , but none of them want to clean the mess refugees leave behind . 
  journalists are scum . 
  they have no empathy . 
  they are just looking for the best shot and sensational title to push their agenda . 
  because we are idiots . 
  it just shows how shit our journalists really are . 
  there is not a single unbiased media in this country . 
  slovenian major media reports that fire was started accidentally . 
  refugees were cold , so they started a fire and then lost control of it . 
  how they 've been reporting about these incidents for the last few days , it seems they are not journalists and reporters , but freaking activists . 
  identity theft is not a joke . 
  millions of families suffer every year . 
  definitely not correct . 
  how many refugees are they taking in ? 
  there is a special circle of hell reserved just for dog haters . 
  barry ? 
  fields that are mostly dominated by men . 
  how are we going to reproduce ? 
  she has completely lost her mind . 
  when is sweden going to legalise polygamy ? 
  muslim migrants wo n't feel welcome without it . 
  maybe eastern europeans are against immigration , because they see how the existing muslim immigrants are integrated in western europe . 
  then probably budapest . 
  i 'd say berlin is the hipster city of europe . 
  country : slovenia favourite : italy least : hungary, 
  well , then simply offer them for `` adoption '' to `` good-hearted leftists '' who apparently would have no problem taking a refugee in their home . 
  then we can just wait and see how long their idealist view on the world will last . 
  no they should n't . 
  if they cause any problems , simply deport them . 
  i do n't know about mandatory , but it should definitely be encouraged by the government . 
  for example reducing property tax or something . 
  that can not be right . 
  our media is saying they are all engineers , doctors and lawyers . 
  smart fella . 
  german , apparently . 
  what engineer or doctor would want to work for 1200 lev ? 
  he dreams of being a surgeon . 
   slovenia : 15.13 cm for fuck sake , do n't hit me when i 'm already down . 
  never forget . 
  she 's gon na make slovenia great ~ ~ again ~ ~ . 
   where in the world are men the biggest liars ? 
  ftfy, 
  he 's absolutely right . 
  we all know climate change was caused by women . 
   according to the commission , eu citizens who are abroad will only be able to use their phones without extra charge for a total of 90 days well , that sucks . 
  i do n't get it . 
  what is it satirising ? 
  i always thought that behind a good satire there should be intent for improvement, 
   iphone might have been innovation 10 few years ago if removal of 3.5 mm jack is not innovation , then what is ? 
  good . 
  burkini is a crime of fashion . 
  i just hope crocs are next . 
  dick, 
  we just got another medal . 
  mine does n't . 
  you could say the same for breaking up the eu . 
  i am 9 . 
  it was n't as bloody ? 
  check the stats for violent deaths and terrorist attacks in eu . 
  you 're old enough , you can find them yourself . 
  you 're right , there are some tensions underneath . 
  you 're naive if you think leaving eu will solve those tensions . 
  did you see the rise of race & xenophobic related incidents in uk after the brexit referendum ? 
  anyways , i 'd rather spend my time masturbating then arguing with you . 
  i 'm out . 
  at least it 's not as bloody as it was when eu did not exist . 
   the eu will strengthen and become a federal state , but this will come at the price of a huge , i mean really massive , resistance . 
  ** and we 'll be lucky if it does n't get more bloody than it has till now . 
  ** [ wat ] ( http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/173/576/wat8.jpg?1315930535 ), 
   and gedeon , who caused the split , is angry that the afd does n't agree with him : he says the holocaust never happens . 
  is n't that illegal ? 
   what countries would be considered unsafe then ?
