  where do you deport them ? 
  [ no ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/betteridge%27s_law_of_headlines ), 
   a lot of this stuff is preventable if we get the integration aspect right . 
  you 're absolutely right . 
  but sadly europe will not get the integration aspect right . 
  if you plan on using netflix mostly on pc , i suggest you download smartflix . 
  yeah , it looks like the law is not going to pass . 
  so either you do n't believe everybody should be equal or you 're not willing to fight for your beliefs . 
  that 's evil or sad . 
  either way , i 'm out . 
  would you fight for black rights ? 
   i 'm working properly in my life and adhering to the law ? 
  gays do not ? 
  and how did you fight for your rights ? 
  do you think it 's right that majority decides that we should segregate the blacks for example ? 
  or execute all gays ? 
  how about if majority decided that we should execute all homophobes ? 
  would you be fine with that ? 
  especially considering you 're a homophobe . 
   ( because being attracted to the wrong gender is normal ) [ well , yes . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_animals_displaying_homosexual_behavior )  because thankfully heterosexual couples are still the vast majority . 
  you 'll have to show some studies that homosexual couples `` produce '' more homosexuals than heterosexual couples . 
   i meant fighting for their rights . 
  not gaining them by referendums . 
  i agree . 
  they should n't be gaining their rights by referendums . 
  having majority decide on rights of minority is absolutely disgusting . 
   most are normal . 
  so are gays . 
   and then kids will be raised in a homosexual environment which will then be normalised for them , heightening the chance of them becoming homosexual too , or something else . 
  most homosexuals do not do the things mentioned above , or at least not enough . 
  you know who raises the most homosexuals ? 
  heterosexual couples . 
   you can still do it because the vast majority of men have children , and if the possibility of marriage still exists for you there exists too the possibility of you having children . 
  when vast majority of gays have children , we will allow them to get married ? 
   if they show us they can be men , let them act like women . 
  they get fucked in the ass . 
  takes a proper man to do that , if you ask me . 
   women first of all are normal i do n't know . 
  i met some crazy women in my life . 
   unlike homosexuals couples who are not capable of performing the one most important thing for the human being ; that being reproduction homosexual people can still reproduce . 
  lesbians can get artificially inseminated , gays can donate their sperm . 
   every such couple is giving their part in 1st world depopulation . 
  they are not entitled to marriage . 
  i am heterosexual man and i will not have children . 
  do you want to take any of my rights away ? 
  am i entitled to marriage ? 
   women were granted rights because they actively resisted with heavy consequences . 
  so you 're saying when if gays start properly resisting , we 'll grant them their rights ? 
  up until 16:00 , 24.99 % of eligible voters voted . 
  i did quick math and that means , approx . 
  84 % need to be against for law to fail . 
   marriage , a union between a man and woman , is the oldest kind of union that mankind knows and should not be defiled . 
  exactly , tradition matters . 
  we should also strip away the rights of married women . 
  woman is a man 's property !, 
  how dare they defile the sanctity of marriage . 
  are we really 1st in gender inequality ? 
  that is unexpected . 
  ( sweden ) * dubioza kolektiv ( bosnia ) * rammstein ( germany ) * el guincho ( spain ) * s.a.r.s. 
  ( serbia ) * stromae ( belgium ) * serge gainsbourg ( france ) * leningrad ( russia ) * zucchero ( italy ) i limited myself one per country . 
  why the hell do we even allow religious schools ? 
  from slovenia and i can speak in slovenian , english , croatian , italian and currently learning french . 
  i can also understand a bit of spanish if you speak really slowly . 
  [ george carlin tells it like it is ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h6wot2ixdc4 ), 
  chat shit , get banged, 
  evil russians are bombing liberal and secular al-nusra faction . 
  i always wondered , does she get 72 virgins ? 
   they 're dismantling all the radicalized cells in beglium they know of i wonder ... what took them so long ? 
  i 'll cherish the day she gets replaced . 
  i like this guy . 
  [ puffin party ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vwyu7rwy0mk ), 
  i was just making a joke . 
  whenever you 're about to do something , ask yourself , `` would saudi arabia do that ? '', 
  and if they would , then do not do that thing . 
  it was the russian illuminati, 
  no , they should not . 
  france still has fewer murders per capita than us . 
  were you going to vote for fn , before these attacks ? 
   islamist fundamentalism must be annihilated , france must ban islamist organizations , close radical mosques and expel foreigners who preach hatred in our country as well as illegal migrants who have nothing to do here well , she 's not wrong . 
  you 're probably right . 
  but refugee crisis is not unrelated . 
  it just shows what we 'll have to deal with , with 2nd and 3rd generation in the next decades . 
  they are just jealous, 
  no , we wo n't . 
  it would be too expensive . 
  well , i just put on my bucket list to visit each one of them . 
  and how exactly are we tackling the problem ? 
  when italy and greece needed help protecting borders , nobody gave a fuck as well . 
  if we were a proper union we would 've faced this problem together and we would 've helped them . 
   if they actually enforce it austria has to deport them to slovenia and slovenia has to deport to croatia . 
  union is a farce . 
  do n't you see , in time of crisis , every country has to fend to themselves . 
  and here i was , hoping we 'd take over croatian coast . 
  why should czech men die for syria while so many syrian men are escaping from that hell ? 
  smoking is forbidden in all closed public places . 
  yes , i think we should help them , but not like this . 
  eu should decide the exact number of how many refugees we can take . 
  then we bring them here safely from the camps they currently stay . 
  everybody else who tries to come illegally gets deported .
