greeks are too lazy to protest . 
  we 're next . 
  do you maybe know how much more does croatia collect from taxes since the introduction of electronic system ? 
  answer : `` it 's not . '', 
  well , you still have n't won the one competition that actually matters . 
  well , he 's not wrong . 
  apparently every time he claps , a child dies in africa . 
  14.11.2001 - the day every romanian asked himself the same question . 
  slovenia beat russia and qualified for fifa world cup . 
  call me a cynic , but out of these people a very few , if any will face the consequences . 
  hopefully , they are also going to update these online services so it supports more internet browsers . 
  they can move to a proper camp if they want . 
  but they prefer staying next to the macedonian border , hoping they could cross it ( either legally or illegally ) . 
  [ yeah ... ] ( http://img.rtvslo.si/_up/upload/2016/02/29/65290658_mig2.jpg ), 
  it 's not just pakistan , but 17 different countries . 
  of course eu can force these poor countries to cooperate . 
  but until they do , what should greece do with these people ? 
  i completely agree with you , that greece can not be blamed . 
  their options are to screw over greece or get screwed over by germany . 
  [ germany blasts countries that wo n't take back migrants ] ( http://www.thelocal.de/20160223/germany-blasts-countries-which-refuse-to-take-back-migrants ), 
  imagine a rubber dinghy full of iranians , tunisians and afghanis that is sailing towards greece . 
  they see a greek vessel , so they decide to puncture their dinghy . 
  according the law , greek vessel saves them . 
  on shore , greek authorities find out , that the people they saved are not eligible for asylum . 
  so , what now ? 
   what greece does not want is to create massive camps to keep all immigrants in greece . 
  now replace greece with any other country on balkan route . 
  because sooner or later , germany will decide that it can not cope with migrant crisis and suddenly dublin iii will come into effect . 
  these countries are only acting in their self-interest . 
  american can point slovenia on a map , while neighbouring italian can not . 
   and what 's up with slovenia ? 
  seems strange that they 've got a tree density similar to ukraine . 
  we do n't . 
  austria is sending those refugees to germany , that do n't want to stay in austria . 
  is that a problem ? 
  maybe somebody can correct me if i 'm wrong , but did n't germany also put limitations on how many refugees they accept from austria per day ? 
   mikl-leitner also said a similar quota system had already been established on germany 's southern border with austria . 
   `` we do n't understand the astonishment about our step . 
  germany has been doing this for months , '' she said . 
   germany has imposed limits which allow only 50 people per hour and 6,000 per day to enter the country . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/eu-blasts-austrias-refugee-cap-as-unlawful/a-19056704 ) talk about hypocrisy ... 
  you do n't call dibs on zlatan , zlatan calls dibs on you . 
   example : taylor swift gets an award , but feminits are angry they should be . 
  kendrick lamar was fucking robbed , again !, 
  i definitely know more about slovenia . 
  today , at 9:00 there were 292 people in our migrant centers . 
  those people will most likely proceed towards austria , or be returned to croatia , or in the least likely event , ask for the asylum in slovenia . 
  we 're definitely not stuck with a bunch of migrants . 
   we 're currently stuck with a bunch of `` refugees '' that austria rejected and croatia wo n't take . 
  how many ? 
  just a few days ago , croatia took back around 150 migrants . 
  in eu redistribution plan there are 120.000 people . 
  only around 100 have been redistributed so far . 
  i 'd say eu redistribution plan is dead in the water . 
  especially since v4 countries are opposing it . 
  but let 's say , even if it did go ahead , slovenia will only take around 630 people . 
  which is something we can cope with . 
  why the fuck would they come back to slovenia ? 
  we 'll see in spring how of a bullshit pr stunt it is when the flow becomes bigger . . and why the fuck do you even care ? 
  it 's not like migrants are staying here . 
   show me where it has surpassed the number 3200 !, 
  [ october ] ( http://www.policija.si/index.php/component/content/article/35-sporocila-za-javnost/80817-podatki-o-tevilu-migrantov-ki-so-vstopili-v-slovenijo-do-31-oktobra-do-18-ure ) [ november ] ( http://www.policija.si/index.php/component/content/article/35-sporocila-za-javnost/81855-podatki-o-tevilu-migrantov-ki-so-vstopili-v-slovenijo-do-30-novembra-do-12-ure ) will this be enough for you ? 
   zagreb ( reuters ) - police chiefs from macedonia , serbia , croatia , slovenia and austria agreed on thursday to introduce joint registration of refugees crossing from greece into macedonia and organize their transport from the border straight to austria . 
   the process will identify and take biometric data from the migrants and determine whether they come from countries deemed dangerous , such as syria , iraq or afghanistan . 
  it will not grant them status as asylum seekers , a step that will take place in austria or whatever other country they might travel to . 
   `` we have agreed to profile and register migrants in macedonia and organize their transport , '' vlado dominic , the head of croatia 's police said after a meeting of the police chiefs in zagreb . 
  once the transport starts , no one will be able to join the convoys , he added . 
   the aim of the agreement was to avoid having refugees turned back to another country en route , dominic said . 
   he said measures agreed would be implemented as of thursday . 
  dominic and his counterparts agreed to invite bulgaria and albania to join their efforts to register migrants , as the two countries could become part of a new route for migrants coming from greece on their way to western europe . 
   austria said on wednesday it would limit the number of migrants it lets in to 3,200 a day from friday , turning an annual cap on asylum claims into a daily entry quota . 
  that is likely to cause backlogs on the main refugee route into europe . 
   countries on the balkan route for refugees fleeing war and instability in the middle east and africa have indicated they will follow suit if austria or germany imposes any tougher measures on migrant arrivals . 
  denmark is a victim of sweden !, 
  by that logic , austria is also a victim of germany . 
  why did you put the limit at 3200 ? 
  because germany definitely does n't let thousands of people to pass through ? 
  our minister for internal affairs said the same limits will apply for slovenia . 
  domino effect . 
  i can only speak for my family , and we live much much better now than in yugoslavia . 
  criminal, 
  the moment germany closes their borders , so will the countries on balkan route . 
  but i do n't see germany closing their borders . 
  austria on other hand might ... 
   tove maria ryding , tax justice coordinator for the european network on debt and development , a group of 46 ngos fighting for a fairer global financial system , said that if the commission chooses to limit public reporting to large companies -- ** those with more than $ 750m in annual turnover -- then 85 % of the world 's multinationals would be unaffected . 
  ** great , now just lower annual turnover limit . 
  am i the only one who finds this comparison extremely offensive towards holocaust victims ? 
  touch\u00e9, 
  if my vegan guest tells me not to serve meat when i have a bbq , i 'll politely tell him to fuck off . 
  it 's disrespectful , to tell the host what he can and can not serve . 
  do they realise this will only increase popularity of the far right ? 
   by what fucking logic is greece to blame for any of this ? 
  europe and logic do n't exactly see eye to eye . 
   we even pay for them while they are in greece , and the greek authorities tell them to go to germany . 
  thank you for the solidarity . 
  you do realise that they do n't want to stay in greece , right ? 
   the only thing i could see is if they were provoking them , yelling at them things like `` you 'll never get laid '' or the like . 
   part of the set of laws is that anyone who is sentenced to 1 year jail or more can instantly be deported . 
  anyone ? 
  you 're allowed to deport german citizens ?
