  it 's a necessity , unfortunately libya is a pariah state with no authority, 
   was moved so not to '' offend '' a certain religious group . 
  muslims , let 's not be afraid of telling the truth . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3mgkd1/another_italian_woman_raped_by_a_migrant/cvezmqd 26 million ( italians ) are responsible for 60 % of the rapes 2 million ( foreigners ) are responsible for 40 % your move now . 
  it 's the kind of things that unfortunetly it 's not pc to say , we just pretend it does n't happen, 
  wow you do n't get sarcasm ? 
  both me and him were being funny , you are quite obtuse . 
  and asking for a ban to your homie ? 
  cringe worth . 
  the great hungarian fence, 
  writes in portuguese , not the european portuguese ... 
  writes in portuguese , not the european portuguese ... 
  ahah good enough for swedes living there , not good enough for the guys fleeing war ... `` our demands are : '', 
  `` he arrived in stockholm this week hoping that a residence permit , a daily subsistence allowance , housing and a job , would be waiting for him . '', 
  well maybe that 's the problem . 
  `` give me all your migrants '' austria, 
  yes , people will just move to germany , there are no borders in schengen , who though of this ? 
  what is v4 ? 
  [ here it comeeeess !!, 
  why are they this biased you think ? 
  the us governement has plans on to make the xxi century the continuation of the `` american century '' , and i do n't blame them ... but europe needs to start thinking for themselves instead of just `` following the bullet '', 
  those people are dangerous as people on drugs are unstable and hence dangerous to them and others . 
  it 's a scam , it 's not really drugs ... it 's the reason police does n't jail them gypsies , unfortunately there 's nothing the police can do ... it 's bad for the city image though . 
  unrealistic expectations , i will just leave this here : https://www.dropbox.com/s/xvm47il1zomhhjf/2015-09-12%2011.18.33.png?dl=0, 
  are there any plans to destabilize europe ? 
  or is that just a side effect ? 
  sometimes i think eu foreign policy is just too naive , made by hipster politics, 
  `` around 13,000 people entered austria on saturday , according to the red cross , ** after being forced away from to croatia , hungary and slovenia ** '' i do n't know if i laugh or cry at the `` forced away from croatia , hungary and slovenia '' , i wonder if we are watching the same show ? 
  if they actually force them to register they are cruel , if they just let them walk to the next border they are cruel , if they put them in buses and trains to the next border they are cruel and forcing them away and passing the hot potato to the next country : the media . 
  perfect, 
  is n't that racist though ? 
  `` they are welcomed and they are an enrichment '', 
  who thinks of this ? 
  how naive can someone be ? 
   an abuse of a situation to increase the army size over what 's in eu treaties . 
  i did n't know this was a thing , what 's the point ? 
  they not going to invade anyone anyway, 
  i just hope the ones that arrived europe are not like those in the interview ... 
  how so exactly ? 
  it 's time for romania to shine, 
  rape, 
   they 're afraid that they will be forced to stay here . 
  lol , tourism department material, 
   croatia is shocked how eu countries and her neighbors treat refugees and that they will show everybody how its done.is this what he meant ? 
  lmao, 
  where 's that guy who said 50 % of the migrants are christians ? 
  what happened to her ? 
  i 'm disappointed with german attitude and comments about the other eu countries , specially comments made against hungary , the only country who tried to follow the rules when they could easily just put the migrants in trains and dump them in the german/austrian border . 
  there needs to be a bigger effort to balance the differences between eu countries . 
  they are not used to emotions , they ca n't process it entirely , so they only deal with extremes ... completely lack of sympathy towards the greeks ( in some peoples views ) and over sympathetic to the migrants , even at expense of their eu partners ... 
  well worth it, 
  i agree with you , i 'm ok with moderate muslims . 
  what i do n't like is when people try to push their ideals with false premises, 
  why is it hidden why does that happen ? 
  i see it mostly in / r/europe, 
  your reading comprehension is the shit , and it 's your native tongue ... the video is not only about syrian refugees , sure it explains why most of them are from syria and focus on them , but it 's not exclusively about them . 
  the winter though , have this people lived a scandinavian winter yet ? 
  go troll someone else you twat , think i 've nothing better to do ? 
  i think most of them have unrealistic expectations about europe , here 's a picture i snapped the other day even though the journalist quickly scrolled trying to hide it https://www.dropbox.com/s/xvm47il1zomhhjf/2015-09-12%2011.18.33.png?dl=0, 
  it 's called sarcasm , putin would send them to the gulags, 
  it 's flawed then , people are worried about the general picture not only the syrian aspect of it . 
  but it is ... it 's about the refugee crisis . 
  you are just repeating the same , and we doing the same ... you : this video is about syrian refugees in relation to the refugee crisis in europe . 
  us : but syrians only account to 20 % of all the refugees reaching europe so the video is n't really informative and it does n't reflect the all picture . 
  the video is n't showing the all picture them ... it 's deliberately only showing the syrians statistics ... if taking the syrians would only increase the total muslim population by 1 % , the actual picture means it would increase much more since syrians only account for 20 % of the refugees reaching germany . 
  is this real ? 
  are they really leaving sweden in mass ? 
  what do they seek in finland ? 
  santa claus ? 
  after finland comes russia, 
  dude , while there are atm 4 million syrian refugees spread in several countries with the majority in turkey and neighboring countries , only 20 % of the migrants reaching eu are syrians , capiche now ? 
  only 20 % of the refugees in europe are syrians , and after the initial wave the rest of the family can claim asylum because they are family . . this multiplies the initial number by 3 or 4 . 
  so much bias , made me sick, 
  in the article they say 40 % of the migrants are from the balkans , and albanians and kosovars have a large % of muslims , this means 60 % are from outside europe . 
  where exactly are this majority christians populations outside europe ? 
  en-light me . 
  it also says syrians , afghans and iraqis are 33 % of the total nr of migrants , first of all , i do n't believe this number , if 20 % are syrians , there 's no way iraqis and afghans amount to only 13 % , but either way ... serbians albanians kosovars macedonians 40 % syrians 20 % iraqis afhans 13 % this accounts to 73 % , there are 27 % from other places . 
  pakistan , bangladesh , other countries in the middle east ... you really think the majority are christians ? 
  you are a fool . 
  and all you did was attack me . 
  who brings a baby to a confrontation with the riot police ? 
  a fucking lunatic that 's who ... and saying they are n't economic opportunists is being delusional . 
  i from canada , yes . 
  passport stolen but i 'm son of canada , give ticket yes ? 
  i though albania were kebabs ... either way , the majority of the migrants are muslims , iraqis , afghans and syrians . 
  bbc is an opinion making machine , but it 's not working on this issue . 
  claps to hungary for doing the right thing, 
  hallah acabuuu !, 
   throwing rocks and shit at the police . 
  and kids, 
  they have been ... integrated . 
  praise the pope and the christianity !, 
  the steppe people are one of us now . 
  i do n't care what they claim tbh , as long it does n't put their followers and the others in danger . 
  tax exempt ? 
  i do n't think they should be , unless they use the money to help the ones in need , but it 's a minor issue and not really connected to the issue at hand . 
  psychological violence should be addressed and now allowed , either evangelical christians or isis . 
  it 's obvious to me this man was her `` mentor '' and contributed negatively to this situation , how was he in denmark ? 
  was he a refugee ? 
  was he not thankfully enough ?
