  it makes borrowing money cheaper . 
  which is great if you have a responsible government . 
  which we did n't, 
  lololol `` banks who over lended '' ... what about the domino effect it would have in the financial system ? 
  the dollar is different , it must dilutes in the world economy , it does n't really make inflation in the us, 
  i heard they have this machines that can make money, 
  it has its advantages too though, 
  the eurozone is complex because there are 19 different countries with different needs and populations ... 
  i have a friend from the uk who took a degree , he studied in the uk and germany , it 's been like 5 years since he completed and all he does is play wow and other games his friends buy him . 
  he does n't even try to find a job lol, 
  that reminded me of one time here in portugal where gypsies and blacks living side by side in those social neighborhoods decided starting shooting each other , the next there was dozens of gypsies next to the city council demanding new houses because they were no longer safe ... lol they ran away . 
  it 's sad and at the same time i could watch them for hour the same way some people could watch rain fall or water flow for hours ... `` entertaining '' was sarcastic, 
  catholicism also is against sex outside marriage ... strange if one decides to ignore one dogma and obey another . 
  i do n't it has anything to do with the church , people just like to bash them . 
  in sa men with aids were raping little girls because they believe having sex with a virgin cures aids , apparently it 's so hard to find a virgin teenager girl nowadays they resort to rape little girls and even babies ... 
  is that a reference to the mad tv episode with the asian lady ?? 
   like swimmers dem 90\u00ba shoulders ... 
  in portugal there was a similar incident with blood transfusions , hemophiliacs and hiv , some minister made a very unfortunate joke at the time that was caught on microphones and was fired . 
  i do n't know what the joke was , but i ca n't even imagine how can someone do a joke about that ... 
  when i go to the mall i look at the fast food employees working for minimum wage , it 's quite entertaining actually , the cashier helping with frying the chips , doing ice-cream and never really stopping , all that for 500 $ euros a month , arriving home smelling like fried chips and grease in your hands , hair and every inch of uncovered skin is just an extra motivation for the next day . 
  does n't europe do the same ? 
  i 'm pretty sure in portugal for example you are out of unemployment benefits after 1,5 years i think ? 
  that would cause inflation and the devaluation of the currency , and it would increase the costs of the imports of raw materials . 
  it 's not a win win situation although it would probably be helpfull , it does n't help that the companies are already quite in debt . 
  it 's because no one wants to employ the poor gypsies ... it 's racist !, 
  i opened the graphic about unemployment in europe thinking it was this image ... 
  i was in shock with the  19 % of population of greece and spain infected ... `` never go to spain to fuck '' . 
  it 's the foreigners that give the look i think ... 
  the looks i got in rua augusta for eating a plate of caracois ... 
  we can not into relevance, 
  no one likes greece apparently, 
  no , i read a lot about history , etc. 
  but never read anything about galicia , except the part where afonso henriques while retreating from badajoz ( ? ), 
  banged his knee and was captured by the king of castille and had to give galicia back, 
  i did wonder how everyone knows they are selling `` drugs '' but no one does anything, 
  you mean those gypsies in terreiro do pa\u00e7o are actually selling oreganos ? 
  please do n't link = . 
  since when do portuguese people use imperial measures ? 
  i found the spy !, 
  or maybe the emigrant in the uk ? 
  for me it was the best euro , of course i 'm biased though, 
  it makes me cringe ... like it 's germany fault we buy bmw and mercedes, 
  it 's you an me ... 
  but if you as a portuguese say this they will say you are from fc porto ... 
  i 've never heard or read about it, 
  ya continue to get culturally obliterated because you are valiant, 
  sooner a woman wo n't need no man to get pregnant and i mean no men , theoretically medics can use an x cromossome from a woman ( let 's say the mothers partner ) , insert it in the mothers egg and they will have a daughter , one x from the mother , and the other x from the mothers partner ... 
  the only limitation is that they can only have daughters ... we men are going obsolete . 
  actually this issue was discussed this week by the constitutional court in portugal , they rulled a man has no right to reject parenthood, 
  who fault is it the money was n't properly used ? 
  they gon na return next year ? 
  and how is jolla now ? 
  how many apps does it have ? 
  how many phones run it ? 
  you ca n't compare the debt countries forgave germany in 1953 with the present situation . 
  and blaming the current state of greece with that debt forgiveness is silly, 
  it 's spain draging us, 
  except meego did n't had any apps at a time where android was reaching 500k, 
  the first bail out money was used to pay the initial loans that had higher interest rates , but what about the money from those initial loans ? 
  the money you borrowed from the banks ? 
  not the states ? 
  it was used for something , it was either used to fuel the government machine : salaries , pensions , etc. 
  or it was used in construction , roads , bridges , etc. 
  if only nokia had launched an android phone , why go with a exclusive deal with microsoft ? 
  portugal can not into western europe ? 
  exactly , the solution is to increase the contributors , not make the ones who already pay pay even more . 
  dude , first they send warnings , then they apply fees with interests , when it reach certain values/time they seize assets . 
  jail is a last resort . 
  even so all this measures would make less attractive to evade taxes and instead of 25 % of tax evasion this would lower ... this is how normal countries work !, 
  dude , do i have to explain everything ? 
  yes , only 1 million in france , there used to be 300k in angola , etc. . . we are used to it, 
  fuck da police lol !, 
  what about greece ? 
  have they done anything right ? 
  the initial gdp was over-inflated with all the money from the loans in the first place, 
  i agree with the part where the reforms should be in the expenses not with more taxes ... taxes are the easy way , cut the expenses , close schools with too few students , close medical centers that have an alternative 15 min away and do n't have enough patients , if a public service has too many employees put them in a `` bank '' for other services to use , if the public servant refuses 3 times for 3 different jobs fire him ... 
  either way , nearly 20 % of current wealth created in greece goes to pensions . 
  if you are not willing then why should the others be ? 
  that 's why austerity is needed so you can make the government more efficient , cut the fat ! , what good comes from 1bn euros of finland if it 's not used in investment ? 
  is instead used to pay pensions and salaries of not needed workers ? 
  or to pay schools that only have 5 students ? 
  portugal has like 1 million people living and working in france alone ... it 's possible and many people do it ... me for example i 'm working in angola , yeah it 's hard sometimes , malaria and tiphoid fever last xmas , but hey !, 
  ca n't just sit around and wait for people to give me money !, 
   precisely , greece should have left the ez a long time ago . 
  what about those pensions now paid in drachmas , how long will they last ? 
  instead of a month they will last a few weeks , at least for imported goods . 
  how old are your parents ? 
  you spend nearly 20 % of your gdp in pensions , it 's not sustainable , measures are required even if people do n't like , that 's politics . 
  if you do n't want to do a reform that gives savings of 300 million , for example , you can purpose something different but with the same savings at the end ... that 's something the portuguese government has done as well , `` we are not going to implement this , but we purpose this and this for the same overall result '' , and it 's fine ... 
  did they even launched the biding process ? 
  you are talking about money transfers from the rich states to the poorer . 
  that does n't mean we should n't address the inefficiencies, 
  it 's not that much different, 
  do you pay the circulation fee of the motoercycle ? 
  how much is it ? 
  it 's like you are negotiating with a street vendor ... what kind of mentality is this ? 
  that 's perfectly fine till they need to borrow money from other countries , then they either accept the conditions or they can gtfo, 
  it 's still better than nothing, 
  your own eyes ? 
  the privatizations for example,
