  you must be fun at parties, 
  also terrible colours, 
  how is it over a century ? 
  many women in the galleries, 
  that does n't mean much , we do n't know the % of female in those units . 
  with today 's medical care not many people die , what about injuries etc ? 
  so that 's where our money is going into, 
   they have full access since 2000 . 
  there have been no decrease in effectiveness caused by having them in combat roles . 
  mind sharing the data with us ? 
  macedonia the great, 
  i 'm not gon na lie your username came to mind when i saw that video , glad you do n't agree with what happened . 
  dem destroyers were also old as fuck, 
  who is more anti swedish than the actual swedish atm ? 
  it 's happening , muslims are so many in sweden that politicians now carve their votes and do stuff that they want, 
  bbb, 
  portugal , fuck yeah, 
  lol :d, 
  i 've been to rovaniemi 3 years ago , was nice . 
  the fact that some allow , and others do n't , does n't mean the ones that do n't are anti-democratic ... about your other examples : i do n't know much about the ditch , you referring to some ditch used after the civil war ? 
  if you are referring to a referendum about the independence of catalonia , many countries do n't allow referendums about secession . 
  i recognize the transition between franco regime and democracy was * different * , while you did n't have the shock wave portugal had , the same can be said about your economy , portuguese economy was in shatters after the carnation revolution and the ` transformation ' it had to endue . 
  but while our wounds are healed , pretty much , you still have many to heal . 
  it does n't ? 
  why ? 
  the us has it 's far share of fault . 
  and their support for the saudis does n't help , i think they been funding this islamist ever since . 
  i feel muslim leadership is getting worse and worse , before we had this charismatic secularist leaders , now all you have is fundamentalism . 
  it 's a joke, 
  yes i know lol , plus this mustache, 
   bcoz they are slavic . 
  it is written in genes . 
  until they hit the 40s then they [ turn ] ( https://vanessaveselka.files.wordpress.com/2013/10/crone.jpg ), 
  you 2 guys are a bunch of slave traders , should be ashamed . 
   opposition groups that have international legitimacy lolololol, 
  bombing of terrorists ? 
  hopefully many ... so ? 
  yes but we know that that was n't going to happen , we know what the mission was so that 's irrelevant . 
  if it only lasts 10 seconds and you not moving deeper and it 's an inhabited area and you truly know the planes intentions why not let it go ? 
  why escalate ? 
  what do you have to gain from escalating ? 
  just because it 's the options on the table does n't mean you have to use them . 
  you trying to drift away from topic though, 
  i was actually talking about russia , but so could france or the uk if you are asking about europe . 
  it 's only 2,5 km wide and the air space has no walls or signs also it posed no risk to turkey , it 's an overreaction and i doubt any western government will back turkey on this . 
  the goal is to destroy terrorists . 
  turkic or not they are terrorists and they will die, 
  well rounded ? 
  loaded question ? 
  europe and us go together just as far , you had no problems using echelon against eu , and many have n't forgotten the us stance at the suez invasion . 
  for 9 to 17 seconds , hardly reason to shot it down , specially considering it 's intentions were well know : destroying the turkmen branch of al-nusra in the region . 
  you mean the `` 5 miles into syria is now turkish airspace '' ? 
  yeah , no . 
  tell us , do you agree with the shooting down of the russian plane ? 
  time to buy some aa missiles from russia , and you might get a discount this time of the year . 
  not at all , 1st of all russia is n't the enemy . . 2nd all your points after the first are moot, 
  link ? 
  fuck turkey and fuck them invoking help after bringing shit on themselves . 
  act more wisely and shoot a russian place that flew 15 secs over your border . 
  but i do n't think nothing serious will come of this . 
  it 's not the first time turkey is trigger happy with their aa in the border ... it happened before with syrian helicopters ... it 's a fucking joke . 
  are turkmen turkish ? 
  are they in turkey ? 
  then stfu about them . 
  because for too long turkey as helped isis , to the point where they released 80 turkish hostages last year because turkey was their friend . 
  apparently turks, 
  flying 15 seconds over an another country airspace does n't justify shooting it down ... 
  fucking turkey and their islamist lovers ... you ca n't shot down a plane because was 15 seconds over your air space , are you fucking nuts ? 
  i do n't know about this platform screens but keyboard with backlit keys are cool and useful when you are in the dark . 
  dat double standard ... again, 
  maybe divide it between netherlands and france . 
   part of spanish homeland should also be catalonia in my opinion . 
  and kurds ? 
  if you think like that about catalonia , certainly you feel the same about kurds ? 
  tell me about it ... it 's one of my favorite countries to play in eu4 ... sigh, 
  turkey had a major role in creating and supplying isis , so fuck you and fuck your politicians , and fuck who ever votes on them . 
  well they had the deciding voice . 
  well i can see israel had interests as well , and even with isis a mere dozen km away from them they are never the target ... and they never targeted isis , they did target hezbollah . 
  the saudis are ofc interested in watching assad fall , and with him the influence of iran in the region , but not necessarily iraq who have since fallen in iran sphere of influence . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  you pointing at the military-industrial complex ? 
  obama and bush . 
  i do n't think americans are better at integration , their stance is : you have your background that 's cool and all , but we are america and here you do the way we say it . 
  and maybe because of it , the 2nd generation usually considers themselves americans . 
  the us should n't have weakened sadam and should n't have weakened assad . 
  they are a known evil that have kept in check major problems . 
  the area was stable . 
  well , maybe if one of the parents is european the son can obtain nationality, 
  maybe then , sons of migrants should n't be automatically given nationality ? 
  crushed by a piano ... against the ceiling ... wow, 
  this is only emphasizing the fact that having a eu passport does n't make you a true european citizen ... it should be more difficult to get one , not easy . 
  being european also means sharing a culture and beliefs and respect for different ways of thinking . 
  yes you do n't have to drink wine if your religion does n't allows it , but it stops there you ca n't say how i live , you ca n't force it on others . 
   you 're more likely to be hit by a fallen piano in the next 10 min you sure about that ? 
  where is the data on this, 
  i do n't know but i think it 's a bit shitty , pardon my opinion, 
  he was a good lad, 
  as long as they focus on daesh, 
  no he is n't, 
  now they need to take responsibility ... they failed their people , their nr1 concern .
