  why did n't they tow them back to libya ? 
  making migrants cross the mediterranean to get a chance for asylum is insane and dangerous , the recent picture of the kid dead in the beach have touched me ... eu should have in each refugee camp a triage center where azylum seekers are sent ( or not ) to a country in eu according to a quota . 
  it 's interesting because i heard someone say earlier `` how much does it cost for those refugees to travel to germany and sweden ? '', 
  answer : `` about 10k $ '' `` who sponsors this ? '', 
  who is sponsoring the traveling ? 
  so they had to footage and decided to change the context before, 
  they did change it, 
  economic motives are quoted in the portuguese article, 
  he 's not wrong, 
  that bbc video is disgusting ... that reporter should be reprimanded and fined, 
  this would be perfect ... 
  that argument is like calling people dumb ... 
  reception centres are an expense for the city false . 
  the finnish state pays all of the costs of the country 's reception centres . 
  municipalities also receive compensation for arranging school services for asylum-seeking minors . 
  reception centres create jobs and increase the demand for local goods and services . '', 
  lol ... 
  i like how they worded things , `` does it increase the costs to the city ? '', 
  maybe that 's a federalist thing , but usually people are worried about the cost to the country and not to the city ... 
  hum , not really the same is it ? 
  it 's heart breaking , children dead , trying to get to a better life ... 
  i do n't know but i think having the refugee camps in turkey with triage centers could avoid this , and sending them to europe in a controlled but safe fashion, 
  lol i have left as well, 
  you never said anything about hate ? 
  go read your comment , it was nothing but hate, 
  you are a shame , thank god you left portugal . 
  you sound like an ignorant brat . 
  go fuck yourself with your blind hate, 
  ya i was wondering if there were any pics, 
  yes , mar\u00e3o, 
  lol `` we are clueless , send us more money cause we know nothing '', 
  the idea is to send some of those in the refugee camps into europe , in a more controled fashion, 
  eh you too ? 
  nothing beats the mexican weather girl ... dat magnificent booty, 
  ah ah we had this in 2000 or something, 
  you are right , apparently just a bit of higher levels of co2 are incredible uncnfortable and make you grasp for air, 
  yes , i dont know if children because they need less oxygen would have been the last ones dying ... terrible, 
  send him back to syria, 
  who came up with this numbers ?!, 
  is it dividing for the 5 members ? 
  suffocation ? 
  from co2 ? 
  it 's not really a bad way to go , unless it was hot , which it probably was :( they need to follow the money and arrest the piece of shit . 
  lol paladin of the rightfull champion of the truth, 
  that 's just your opinion man, 
  based on where they are coming from yes , and that pretty much means only syrians get to stay ... people e from the balkans , bangladesh etc wo n't . 
  i 've read estimates that put the actual number of legit asilyum seekers at 50 %, 
  no , people are afraid they be called racists, 
  yes but i 'm mainly talking about political correctness ... 
  sending the migrants down the line to the next country is n't solving the problem , specially when most of them are not asilyum seekers ... 
  triage centers could be built near the fence and orderly they can check who deserves asylum and who does n't ... those who deserve can be sent to other countries and the burden should be shared on the same ratio per capita so we do n't have 1 migrant to 100 locals . 
  this could be one solution and the fence a tool to achieve it . 
  but some folks are just too scared of being called racists and their solution is to accept everything , like mr juncker , i see him criticizing but does n't actually solves or proposes anything ... 
  that 's not solving the problem either , it 's just aggravating for your partners . 
  yes you are right , thank you for taking your time and doing this table and sharing it with the rest of us . 
   i 'm just specially slow tonight and took me a few minutes to understand what you initially wrote . 
  orban is crazy but i agree with him on this one and at least he 's not afraid of saying and doing what he thinks and he 's looking at hungarians interests first . 
  if immigrants have reached hungarian borders means they have crossed several safe countries and are not in imminent danger . 
  what they want then is to change the very fabric of europe , because if they think importing millions of people who have no cultural european background is going to end well they are going in for some roller-coaster and are planting the seeds of wrath . 
  this politicians are irresponsible . 
  i think it 's some of this left fanatics that live completely annihilated from reality, 
  yes it was poorly worded by you . 
  edit : maybe i 'm just being specially slow tonight, 
  what ?? 
  is this the population of each country divided by the number of asylumseekers ? 
  did she ate them ? 
  lol portugal, 
  lol ... surreal, 
  they tried , till russia brought in the sams, 
  and people do n't know how to live in civilization , trust me ... 
  i know . 
  it does n't apply to 100 % , but the majority ... ofc they deserve to try and get a better life . 
  i 'm not arguing with that . 
  humm , the winter is coming, 
  holy fuck , this is completely over the top ... what a bunch of human garbage, 
  send them to the golf monarchies , they are fueling the war in syria, 
  they are pretty racist, 
  i do n't see the need of 2 chambers ... what 's the point ? 
  more mouths to feed ? 
  more jobs for the boys ? 
  there needs to be a solution , even if only to stop the growing of extremist in europe from both sides , this creates huge social pressure and at the same time the growth of right wing movements close to neo-nazis , etc, 
  lol , imagine this was all a plot to gain access to the president/or somehigh figure and murder the president of france !, 
  hummm this one hits close to home ... maybe though the error was trying to hold them for so long and in that manner in the first place . 
  but i agree , specially in angola where the fight was pretty much out of the borders ... what happened next was too ridiculous . 
  shame on our military , shame on our politicians and specially shame on the communist party . 
  yes czar comes from cesar , but also does kaiser i believe ( holy roman empire roots maybe ? ), 
  specially at the time when ` he hadnt done nuffin ', 
  hum yes alc\u00e1cer quibir and how our childless king died in battle somewhere in north africa and we lost our sovereignty to castile for 60 years and lost a huge chunk of our empire in the process . 
  d. jo\u00e3o v was just about wasting all that brazilian gold , just yet another lost opportunity of modernizing the country . 
  why would you say the period when the royal family was in brazil embarrassing ? 
  i would n't say the british ultimatum or the loss of the indian territories embarrassing ... because it was too unbalanced, 
  as portuguese i do n't know , there 's plenty ... 
  i accept suggestions . 
  twice , unless you meant the father, 
   constantinople was a shell by that point . 
  thank the catholic crusaders for pillaging all of the balkans and constantinople , and leaving us weak . 
  just curious , do you consider yourself the heirs of byzantium ? 
  eh , it 's like portugal and the british ultimatum https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1890_british_ultimatum `` eh , we are the oldest alliance in the world , we are buddies ! '', 
  `` gtfo or i 'm gon na smash you '' `` but whyyyyyy '', 
  that was you  churchill did try , ike just did n't care,
