  that 's more a clitoris at best, 
  what does this mean ? 
  there 's also the coat of arms to explain http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flag_of_portugal#symbolism, 
  red and blue are shitty colors together ... blue and white are badass . 
  remove the crown in the monarch flag and keep the rest do n't change the colors of the flag to your party 's colors just because you are now in power !, 
  i believe that was one of their roles when they were planned , recon and small logistics ( think the jeep in ww2 ) . 
  are n't humvees little more than coffins on wheels ? 
  new objective : conquer kaffa i kept failing as ottos :(, 
  yes but that would show them russians , 
  what should the limit be ? 
  and what should you do if you want to tackle your debt ? 
  you think managing debts of 200 % your gdp is reasonable ? 
  your economy has to support it, 
  i did n't say that, 
  you did the same with your previous response when you said `` by your logic countries should never get into debt and should never use monetary policy '' ... your solution is going into debt . 
  that 's not a solution . 
  so you want to go into infinite debt just to power the social spending , that would n't end well, 
  i think in portugal there is the `` minimum subsidy '' for everyone without income , it 's like 100 $ or something ( it depends of the nr of people you have in your family , kids etc , at your care ) ... it 's massively abused by gypsies with lot 's of kids that do n't have official income ( they sell in the parallel market and often drive mercedes ) ... drug users also survive of this . 
  some argue it 's a waste of money , others that it 's necessary ... it 's a mix of both , some individuals abuse the system but it 's a way of forcing people to play by the rules , for example , you only get the money if your kids are in school ( in case of the gypsies this is important since they do n't like to put them in school ) , it reduces criminality because drug users do n't necessarily have to rob that old lady to get their next fix ( or food for that matter ) , etc, 
  why do n't you call things by their names , you want the central bank to print money ... ofc that has it 's side effects too , some are good some are n't ... that does n't change the fact that every government needs to do their homework and cut on waste , otherwise it 's just money pouring into a net with holes . 
  asking for free money is your alternative ? 
  your economy has to support the social programs if you ca n't support it you will run out of money . 
  you want to increase taxes to support your social program ? 
  that has a cost less grow and consumption and less competitivity for your companies , more unemployment . 
  lol you are something else are n't you ? 
  i would n't call it slavery , it 's a way of keeping people active and contributing to society ... many unemployed people get devastated because they stay at home with nothing to do . 
  that does n't sound fair or right, 
  usually it 's because for a project to be partially financed by the eu the government has to put in a part of money to trigger the eu subsidy, 
  yet another paradox game ... 
  i start seeing a trend here, 
  that toledo steel , and the horses too, 
  there 's a time limit on unemployment subsidies in portugal too ( do n't all countries have a limit ? ) ... 
  it 's a way to force people to look and accept jobs they were n't so keen in accepting ... there are old people surviving with under 300 $ a month of pensions . 
  how do you think he would have died ? 
  the rich pay over 50 % of their income in taxes , shut up with your left rhetoric and demagogy . 
  i see a lot of `` this crisis was provoked by the corrupt politicians and the wealthy guys '' how exactly so ? 
  who voted on the politicians ? 
  austerity measures were needed in portugal for long time , every time a government tried to cut on the fat massive protests everywhere ... look at socrates for example , closing schools with 5 students and health facilities that were redundant , who does n't remember the protests ? 
   say the greeks leave the euro . 
  who 's next ? 
  is portugal feeling secure ? 
  how about spain , even italy ? 
  i think those countries are feeling secure , portugal entered this crisis because of greece , the markets see what portugal is doing ( and the other countries ) , we are playing by the book , we are doing our homework while greece is screaming how unfair all this thing is and do n't want to do their homework ... there 's a difference and the markets are seeing this . 
  apparently, 
  wrong topic brah, 
  do n't worry they will be stopped in the border of austria or italy, 
  i want to know what greeks think of this ? 
  are they face palming ? 
  have they regrets ? 
  or they agree with this ? 
  i lost my patience with them , and their arrogance and bluffing is n't helping their cause . 
  let them out if they want so and hopefully we can move on . 
  sold !, 
  no ragrets !, 
  so is greece , you got your independence 200 years ago ... 
  it 's usually for full times , and yes it 's eur/month, 
  you voted for them , it 's your responsibility ... you ( just like we did ) voted for the guys who said they were going to build a new highway and a new hospital in that corner right next to you , even though you had an hospital 10 min away , and even though you already had a highway nearby , but you wanted more , you wanted more and did n't remembered to ask if things were really needed or where the money was coming from . 
  now you are just saying it 's not your fault it was the corrupt politicians ... just like we do , but no , it 's your fault , just like it 's our fault . 
  let 's call things by their names . 
  which ? 
  the ones that gave them the money in the first place ? 
  the ones you lied and cheated on with the falsified data ? 
  or the ones that forgiven a significant share of the money they lent greece ? 
  or you mean greece ? 
  the ones who took the money and now do n't want to pay it back ? 
  give free moneix too plz, 
  let 's keep spending then ... your logic : . 
  this is fake, 
  damn , and most of the people in portugal are just happy with the speed of our lisbon-porto corridor ... 
  fuck dem peasents, 
  since they are exporters of energy themselves most of the time they are not very interested, 
  seems the baltic countries are the next target of the big bear ( only harassment ofc , they do n't are stupid enough to do anything against a nato country ), 
  http://www.oica.net/category/production-statistics/ sauce, 
  i 'm not a fan of huge military budgets but i think ireland should at least do the minimums to defend their sovereignty , may it be land , sea or air ... 
  failed to be mentioned in the title , that debt has expired but he voluntarily paid the 4k ... 
  i think more interesting is the fact that he was making 8k $ a month ... 
  ah , portugal nearly made it to the top 30 ... we at 31, 
   for this purpose , there should be about `` codes of conduct '' for young women and girls , `` so that such things do not happen to them , '' says reker with respect to the sexual assaults in new year 's eve . 
  there were already a code catalog , which would now be updated and will soon be available online . 
  among the rules is to maintain an arm 's length distance to strangers , to stay within their own group and can not be separated from this to ask in an emergency concretely bystanders for help and intervene as a witness or to inform the police belong . 
  who is this people ?!, 
  it 's pretty . 
  when they mention principais albufeiras they mean the reservoirs where they pump water too or just the regular dam albufeiras ? 
  i 'm surprised we still use so much fossil fuels, 
  having good prices most of the time is incompatible with high wages particularly on positions where you have many employees , unless we replace them with machines and then you have more space to increase the wages of the ones who are left . 
  wtf just happened, 
  thank you for the information , is there any site where i can read more of this ? 
  hope we could pump some water upstream to act as potencial energy in a time of need , i do n't even know if we have this structures in place though . 
  it 's beautiful, 
  italy , wtf ? 
  you can not into decide ? 
  * reads with italian pm terrible english *, 
  we love our german cars ... 
  true, 
  i addressed that in the second part of my comment ... 
  yes i 've been reading about it . 
  they have no navy though , they do have some air power the atolls will give them projection in the area . 
  save us !, 
  and let us have our free healthcare !, 
  the way you worded it i thought you mean it was a century of civil wars ...
