  was he not integrated ? 
  i do n't know what i would do if that happened to my daughter ( i do n't have one atm thank god , they are nothing but trouble ! ), 
  you are truly american , this is a show i would pay good money to watch !, 
  a new reality show perhaps !, 
  teach us your kebab removing techniques !, 
  teach us your ways !, 
  it 's not about what 's divine or not , personally i 'm an agnostic . 
  i follow the principle , do n't do to others what you do n't others to do to you ... 
  i do n't accept someone saying i should n't do this or that because his god says so ... that 's crossing the line . 
  and currently there are n't many religions doing that . 
  i disagree ... we can tolerate a religion that has changed to our times , we can not tolerate a religion that tries to change the way we live , even if we do n't share their view . 
  this is n't exclusive to islam . 
  the fact that the media auto-censors itself when dealing with the `` refugees '' for example , you do n't see media portraiting the refugees in bad light because they would be coined with the righ wing and racists . 
  that iron money though, 
  good on hungary , sucks to be serbia, 
  ah sweden where does all this guilt comes form ? 
  suck on this merkel . | . 
  maybe the fact that people think immediately it was removed it 's because of recent attitudes by certain mods . 
  people do n't trust them . 
  it usually is n't , but you are just blind and hateful of everything not english , that 's when it turns bad . 
  i had doubts but now i 'm sure you are just a stupid nationalist, 
  lol if you had a german flag some polish would be packing their bags right now . 
  illusions , how exactly are you getting better trade ? 
  less regulation ? 
  if you want access to the eu market , like norway or switzerland you have to play by the brussels book , the difference now is that you do n't have any saying on the rules . 
  where to ? 
  it 's already to late for sweden, 
  you have huge problems bro, 
  it 's missing the subs though , i find austria contribution lack-busting to say the least ... slackers, 
  mother of god, 
  wow ... dude , are you really comparing refugee camps with concentration camps ? 
  can someone calm this german 's guilt ? 
  it 's disgusting . 
  there are people in the eu who whiched they had the same conditions some of this refugees have in the turkey refugee camps , we are talking about a ceiling over their head , beds , showers and food given to them ... and you are comparing them to concentration camps !, 
  he 's responsible , he was safe in turkey and decided to embark in a boat in the middle of the night with his 2 sons and wife into the med ... in the middle of the fucking night , he 's the sole responsible . 
  lol ... well if the refugees call it a prison . 
  how exactly so , this is n't exactly district 9, 
  lol , the fuck south east balkans ? 
  i agree with this . 
  get registered and checked . 
  we do n't care if you want to go to sweden , you will have to wait and be registered , those are the rules . 
  so they are not being treated like humans in turkey ? 
  there are news that say their refugee camps have excellent conditions . 
  the eu needs to setup triage posts in lebanon , turkey and jordan and selectively send people to each eu country , establishing a quota . 
  lol blacks turn grey in cold , 
  that 's enough to make people enters boats and cross the med , and some die in the process because merkel told them `` if you reach us we will give you money , house , etc '' paraphrased, 
  germany really ... 
  sounds like you have identified part of the problem, 
  come come !, 
  there 's space for everyone !, 
  if you try really hard you can transform europe into iraq !, 
  why do n't you guys build more houses ? 
  lol seems your gene pools is getting * enriched * now though , brace yourselves, 
  should send them all to sweden, 
  `` sweden has become a top destination for refugees after it promised to issue residency papers to all syrian asylum seekers . '', 
  fuck them , ship them migrants to sweden , let them handle them , their politicians are responsible for this and for irrealistic expectations some migrants might have . 
  how many have sailed towards europe after reading stuff like this ? 
  this is an invasion , who is sponsoring this ?? 
  it only takes a couple of suicide bombers from now to change europe for good . 
  and the people will seek security in whoever promises them that . 
   irrational how so ? 
  because there is a difference between a refugee and a migrant ... this guys are better than many european citizens in the first place , they have unrealistic expectations about europe , they expect a house and free money at the end of the month . 
  nice message europe is sending ... what times we are living , afraid to make people obey the law . . 
  so we are not called racists, 
  it 's the pc crap , and the fear of being labelled as racists, 
  except in rom\u00e9nia bulgaria greece hungary portugal spain ireland italy malta cyprus belgium those are poor fucks not even good for work or live rather live in syria . 
  in europe everyone gets luxury house , people have jobs but they not even need to work , government gives everything to people . 
  it 's like paradise on earth . 
  do you have an agenda ? 
  they small bad, 
  after castille annexed aragon ( dynastically ), 
  probably no one cared , certainly no one cares now besides a few historians, 
  it 's not just this private tv station though is it ? 
  uh , spain comes from hispania , the name the romans gave to the region , no one is offended when castille took the name for themselves, 
  yes, 
  i 'm offended . 
  it 's only the 2nd time i 've read/heard someone talk bad about portuguese food . 
  interestingly a growing number of countries now call macedonia `` republic of macedonia '' or just `` macedonia '' , including the usa , russia ( the greeks orthodox cousins ) and china . 
  childish , and cringe feast . 
  hard to sympathize with greeks on this , quite the contrary ... 
  that was during dictatorship, 
  also i liked how you only picked the 1st part of my sentence ... you can find anyone who supports both sides btw , there are economists , politicians and etc on both sides of the fence . 
  it 's just my opinion man, 
  do n't take me too serious lol . 
  the insult was the `` naive '' part . 
  for some reason everytime i see someone with a catalonia flag or a spanish republic flag i think they are anarchists or leftists , straight from an international brigade . 
  you think too high of yourself , or maybe too high of other people ... 
  i know about catalonia because i 'm from portugal ... thanks for your rebellion in 1640 , it really helped us with regaining our independence ;d, 
  i know they are so obnoxious, 
  if you think france is going to recognize catalonia like they did with kosovo you are just yet another liberal naive ... 
  retarded imo , you can have your culture and be part of the same country . 
  the biggest reason is economical , just because it 's a richer part of spain and like in every country , the money goes from the richest to the poorest ( net contributor vs net receiver ) , and you do n't want that . 
  then what ? 
  the war of the olive oil ... you might produce more but over 50 % of our production is extra virgin !, 
  it 's not the first time i 've seen someone saying they are using migrants as a weapon , it makes sense too . 
  we need to go deeper , and maybe find some oil, 
  maybe they are paying their ticket to europe ... 
  libya is a paria state right now , some months ago i read about the italy navy destroying some boats that were in the port because they knew they were going to be used by migrants, 
  it 's time to set eu triage centers in turkey , lebanon , jordan and libya where the refugees can enter the documents and if they are true asylum seekers they get a free trip to europe in a safe boat , each eu country will have it 's quota . 
  send them to sweden,
