  the rhetoric of the `` we are the descendants of the fathers of democracy '' is ridiculous . 
  go to romania or bulgaria and see people surviving in tougher conditions ... cry me a river already . 
  that 's the story of generations of portuguese people , ask any french about portuguese people and they will tell you ... the difference is that you guys keep crying about it ... your minimum salary is higher than ours , the gdp per capita is higher ... you guys are a bunch of cry babies edit : not to mension there are states in the euro in worst condition than greece , that haven even contributed to greece . 
  do n't try to blame anyone else besides syriza for this ... people voted for them and believed their lies , this is hard reality , you ca n't keep borrowing money when you ran out . 
  you have better % rates than portugal , the maturity of the loans is longer , and you already have been forgiven part of it some years ago ... you want more ? 
  i think the other countries would be more understanding if you guys had done your share , which you guys have n't . 
  classic greece doesnt share much with todays greece . 
  it just shares parts of the geography . 
  this is not how it works ... what will happens is that the greek governement will ran out of euros to pay the salaries and pensions , so they will have to print a new coin to pay for this . 
  this is how greece will exit the euro . 
  yes, 
  i 'm not talking about robberies ... 
  i 'm talking about murders . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_intentional_homicide_rate if your argument carries we are trading less robberies for more murders, 
  this is why democracy sucks . 
  ya what about the greeks who will suddently go from earning 1k euros to the equivalent of 500 $ ? 
  or even less ? 
  it 's true that local production will see a boom , but the greeks will see their economical power ( capacity to buy stuff , forgot the term in english ) decrease . 
  also forget tourism abroad . 
  there 's more violent crimes in the us than in most of western europe . 
  brace yourselves the terrorists are coming, 
  this guy knows it, 
  he does look a bit drunk, 
  that 's what i use , it 's the best, 
   once in a while a kid gets shot in the ghettos, 
  when you spill lies to try and justify some of your ideas ... yes makes you bias . 
  i do n't know ... the police might have exagerated , but i 'm not believing the guy story , some people can be very arrogant and he probably pushed a few buttons too much ... just saying , again : it does n't justify the beating but ... 
  look at his flag , everything he says must be taken with a ton of salt ... 
  why ? 
  can you elaborate ? 
  in my 2nd year of french the teacher teached us that . 
  one another topic , what is the one you see the most in your country ? 
  i think in portugal it 's the spanish coins . 
  goooooooooooooooddddddddd !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, 
   what is , according to you , the nation that contributed the most to the defeat of germany in 1945 ? 
  the nation that contributed the most contributed the most ** the most **, 
  i work in angola , and i can tell you corruption is everywhere ... there are a lot of poverty , on the other hand you see toyotas v8 and lexus by the hundreds ... last year there was a full boat full of top end cars imported by the government to distribute for generals and party members , at the same time the oil was down to 50 $ / barril . 
  i know they own sol , and i remember they tried to get a hold on a few other media , but do n't remember which, 
   most of the portuguese newspapers are actually owned by angolan corporations !, 
  that part is n't true ... 
  there 's space for improvement, 
  ah portugal, 
  german pows after world war ii three months after the german surrender in may 1945 , general dwight eisenhower issued an order classifying all surrendered soldiers within the american zone of occupation as `` disarmed enemy forces '' , rather than prisoners of war . 
  accordingly , the red cross was denied the right to visit german pows in american prison camps , and delivery of red cross parcels to them was forbidden . 
  free slaves yo, 
  well italy just delivered all the immigrants to gadafi, 
  it 's a good question , probably in a few generations people will be asking the same edit : i think it 's `` foda-se '', 
  yes, 
  i would like to see greece go away i think they are self-entitled and that annoys me so much, 
  no you , can you elaborate ? 
  different things, 
  no boobies no ass , what a waste of a good oportunity, 
  and who says it 's a good idea they should be elected by popular vote ? 
  the vatican representative in turkey was called , the declarations also had eco in the media and there has been a debate and the issue has seen some more attention . 
  plus what were you suggesting him to do ? 
  stay silent ? 
  you are changing the subject , we are not talking about what the papacy is or it 's not . 
  you said his opinion was irrelevant and meaningless , which we have proved is false . 
  either way , it stirs debate which was probably his point , what was the alternative ? 
  it got a response from turkey government , so it 's something . 
  when you admit your mistake it 's a start, 
  eastern european countries mostly came from austria-hungary , after ww1 , arguably the biggest loser . 
  it is you who are missing the point , it stirs debate and attention to the issue , it 's all the power the pope has , it 's something . 
  it got media attention , so it 's clearly not irrelevant . 
  * spain *, 
  quite beautiful actually ... very ` selvagem ', 
  it 's an omen !, 
  easy bro, 
  the ottoman empire was for a long time the sick man of europe , on one side there was austria who could wtfpwnd them , on the other side there was russia , who could wtfpwnd them , doing so would make those countries stronger , which was something prussia , france and great britain did n't want to happen , so they survived for that long , until they went too far and allied with the losing side in ww1 . 
  the vatican has recognized those a long time ago , and have apologized ... also that was a few centuries ago , while the armenian genocide was 100 years ago and it 's not even recognized by many countries ... 
  his opinion brings debate , which yours does n't ... 
  we = people of the eu, 
  if you supply aa missile systems to people who are trigger happy and should n't be using the systems you are also to blame . 
  what about the 250 dutch that were killed with weapons supplied by the russians ? 
  shall we forget them ? 
  greece should be ashamed . 
  are n't we already tired of greeks ? 
  can we let them go yet ? 
  i 'll remember to say this the next time i see an albanian, 
  from wherever they came from, 
  because albanians arrived later, 
  there was no movement for independence , there was a guerrilla movement for the union of kosovo to albania . 
  which makes the independence of kosovo even more ridiculous ... it should have been serb . 
  maybe they are criminals, 
  macedonia is probably the weakest link , how many albanians were exported into macedonia last year ? 
  you are always using the same argument and ignored all of his , he made some fair points . 
  yes bailout implies baying back , you guys just want free money . 
  do you expect other countries to indefinitely keep paying your bills ? 
  kosovars do n't have a nationalist sentiment do they ? 
  they are just albanians living in kosovo . 
  that does n't make them a country or entitled to one , look at florida and cubans for example . 
  this is like house of cards ... does she have the balls to leave ? 
  this confirms my opinion on brazilians ... they are pretty bad at speaking english, 
  with other asians or with poles ? 
  asians ? 
  why ? 
  the difference is greece wants to be special ... 
   russian north-west army are those white russians ? 
  if they are n't happy they should leave . 
  is that ... is that tony blair face ?
