  dude that 's just populism talking , the government spend it in things they should n't , like highways that were n't needed , the social state is too heavy for our country , we ca n't support it , cuts are needed , it 's not only the politicians bmws and volvos although that 's a good place to start and give the example . 
  for example i do n't think it makes sense for the unemployment subsidies being 425 $ when the minimum wage is at 485 $ . 
  we spent too much money we have to pay it now . 
  yes our politicians are to blame , but so is the people who elected them . 
  we have to tackle the government debit or our external debt will keep rising , and it 's already at 120 % . 
  it 's the best part , special when they are covered in feces, 
  money stolen ? 
  it was a loan , with interests and it 's being paid, 
  why are romanian gypsies the worse ? 
  no seriously ? 
  they live in subhuman conditions , it 's a disgrace :( some years ago a community of romanian gypsies in portugal got some houses from the government and they left the houses in an horrible state , they took out the pipes and furniture , shit all over , etc, 
  you saying human race should n't expand to other planets ? 
  terraforming mars to make it more livable ? 
  etc ? 
  this guy does n't get it, 
  bastard you just ruined 900 years of history of not-being-spanish, 
  about 1500 km, 
  and we ai n't even mad, 
  uk wants different rules for themselves ? 
  i truly do n't understand what cameron is asking , but you realize doing it would destroy the eu as it is ? 
  everyone would be asking for exceptions , etc. 
  `` correntes de ar '' is how they are called in portugal , i think there is a mix with old women 's tail and actual evidence, 
  what a bunch of bs to try to justify a bigger bs . 
  you trying to change history to justify your silly country, 
  i kinda want them out, 
  here in portugal this right wing government wants to do it ... 
  eastern europe , making italy , spain and portugal politicians look good, 
  give it a few years , this just the begining, 
  confirmed you are retarded , your white guilt blinds you , go born as a women or minority in a muslim country then come here complain how bad europeans/westerns are against minorities . 
  wow you are pretty retarded , we are not talking about deporting people because they say something we do n't agree with , we are talking about deporting people who organize violent militias and attack people that do n't agree with them , what the fuck are you a troll or just fucking dumb ? 
  i 'm reading your history , and it 's very clear how you think , everyone in europe is either a racist and a nazi and everything muslim needs to be protected ... ignore all the statistics you want , you are either a muslim yourself or a liberal filled with white guilt i have n't read anyone speaking bad of people working to get a better life , as long as they obey the law of the country that received them , but if they want to make their own lille-saudi-arabia , with their own laws and disrespecting the freedom this country gave them and the opportunities it gives to their sons , then we have a problem . 
  i dont think it 's asking too much . 
  freedom of expression goes both ways , you guys are way to soft, 
  we talking about militias here, 
  anyone who tries to impose the sharia law does n't have a place in europe , yes analkidfucker i am serious . 
  deportation , it 's the only way, 
  good !, 
  you are so full of rage, 
  you have a problem dude, 
  when i saw the movie ` the patriot ' i nearly puked ... it completely underestimated the help of the french , great britain was fighting france and spain in europe , the seas ( and pretty much all over the world ) , it 's arguably the main reason they lost the war in the america, 
  good for them , i for one applaud their decision and praise them for their balls, 
  that 's a common joke americans use , but what many americans do n't know is that in europe we are used to wars ... sure nowadays we do n't fight much but we had centuries and centuries of wars , in fact , for a country to be a country in western europe it had to fight many many wars , and had to won a few otherwise it would be annexed france is a nation with great bellic tradition and history who saw one of the most brilliant military minds of mankind . 
  oh yes , definitely not bulgaria threatening to veto another country from joining eu, 
  what the fuck ? 
  uk people are crazy, 
  who else is tired of greece and bulgaria , etc abusing the eu membership and try forcing their neibours in some aspects ? 
  it 's disgusting, 
  i have checked the population data . 
  and i 'm from portugal not from serbia . 
  that 's a lie , they only become the majority in the second part of the 20th century . 
  and you are telling me hundreds of thousand of albanians just instantly spawned in kosovo ? 
  they migrated from albania, 
  due to migration from albania , but the territories were part of serbia for over 900 years, 
  when i tihnk of kosovo i always remember the end of wwi when the americans forced the end of the austrian empire , they always wanted a divided europe , with small countries preferably rural, 
  i 'm pretty sure no serbians in kosovo wanted to become independent or part of albania, 
  kosovo is a joke of a state and it 's independence should have never have happened, 
  oh some people ... 
  bah , what do i know . . nothing, 
  also tap ( portuguese national airliner ) and why the government failed to sell it and if it should have sold it or not , and ana ( the company that manages airports in portugal ) that is also in the market and the government expects to get 3mm euros ), 
  i do n't think you are entirely wrong . 
  you are generalizing too much while at the same time blaming people for generalizing, 
  so you are saying they are grateful for their host ? 
  and how exactly do they show it ? 
  by trying to make it a bit more like their home countries that they ran from in the first place ? 
  embrace multiculturalism all you want , but do n't deny the problems it also brings to the table , when people of different culture refuse to integrate what do you do ? 
  circumcision of women in europe , violence , no respect for religious liberty , or free speach , etc , etc , it 's like going to the beach and get a sun burn , it 's a consequence , it will happen if you are not careful and i hate the mentality of `` let 's not offend the minorities '' fuck , they come to our country , i have no problem with hard working imigrants that want to get a better live for their family , it 's all good . 
  but respect out rules , what 's the problem of pointing out the nationality of someone that comitted a crime ? 
  is it not relevant ? 
  the self-censorship is the worst kind of censorship also , it 's usually not the 1st generation of imigrants that cause trouble , it 's the 2nd generation , their sons , many borned in their new country that do n't integrate . 
  this is what i think . 
  they discriminate themselves , they perpetuate their current condition, 
  why semi-retarded ? 
  the thing is , no one forced them to take loans ... one could say the idea of economy growth based on credit/loans , specially credit for consuming is to blame, 
  i know , i 'm from portugal , was just a bit of a rant about our elite leaders i guess, 
  uh , what 's your problem son ? 
  was making a joke at the time , pretty obvious one too, 
  ca n't argue with those arguments i guess, 
  nope , but i think some central planning is good if done right, 
  ah portugal ... it 's like there 's a center of suckeness that want to spread to spain, 
  nothing wrong with central planning, 
  i 'll give you 10 sack of potatoes for them, 
  to strike down illegal immigrants in boats crossing the med, 
  they probably gon na win ... 
  well they did n't have the vikings kidnapping all the good looking women from most of northern europe back to their homeland and improving the gene pool like some countries did ... 
  ahah i was wondering why was the link purple , it was that exact photo i linked to my friends on skype ... 
  you guys need to step up your game , slackers . . too much work and no play makes germany a dull country, 
  those sneaky japanese ... 
  i knew it !, 
  look at them with their weird pornos and their smirky eyes , it 's a plot !, 
  it always has been !, 
  one could argue it 's the west who is trying to expand it 's sphere of influence into eastern europe ... 
  ya that 's bullshit , stop reading `` correio da manh\u00e3 '' and screaming the sky is falling ... the ministry of health was negotiating with the pharmaceutical company that made that drug , this charade did n't help . 
  france has ubisoft and sweden has a lot of studios , like dice , paradox , etc, 
  i do n't know where you are getting your news from, 
  in the case of portugal there was too much public spending and it had to reform the public sector ... this things are usually better done in periods of surplus and growth , unfortunately we could n't have waited ... a lot of waste and inefficiency was destroyed, 
  when i said that a few weeks ago i was downvoted , interesting how my predictions ended being correct http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2ufv6d/as_in_greece_voters_in_spain_appear_ready_to_oust/co830gy, 
  i 'm just saying that article is very common among other countries constituitons , and it 's not an article targeting catalunia . 
  is the movie accurate ? 
  that 's pretty cool, 
  that 's a very common article shared by most of countries constitutions,
