  could they fly though ? 
  italy ... so many choices, 
  the commander was a complete idiot, 
  like water being liquid at room temperature , it 's ok , we do n't all have to be gas, 
  hummm dictator for life, 
  unless those imported parts make up a significant % of the car that overshadows the gains they get with a weaker ruble . 
  because it costs more rubles to buy the same amount of euros or dollars . 
  if they import a part from germany for example , while last year they could buy 100 $ part for 200 rubles ( i do n't know the exchange rate , just using as an example ) , with the devaluation of the ruble , the same 100 $ part costs now 300 rubles ... 
  in angola the duster is sold as a renault as well , it 's one of the most sold cars , specially popular with expats . 
  how is the english of the people ? 
  how easy is for a tourist to communicate ? 
  call me a sadistic but if i were the father i would do so many things to the kidnappers ... 
  i 've read somewhere that it costs saudis 10 $ to produce a barrel of oil, 
  it 's not an argument ... 1st i read the title and said it 's not at 25 $ , then you said it will be/or may be , and i replied it wo n't be in the foreseen future ... 
  i 'm not arguing or moving `` goalposts '' ... 
  so they only kill cops and soldiers ? 
  hum ? 
  uh , it will never go down to 25 $ dollars a barrel , not in the foreseen future at least ... 
  oil is n't at 25 $ per barrel ... 
   heineken you no like ? 
  tbh i ` vent seen anyone complaining except some hipster journalist of observador who is n't even portuguese , but yeah , it may happen, 
  i would say the vast majority does n't look down on tourists ... quite on the contrary we like to receive people and we like them to like our country . 
  using an uniform does n't make them a demon either ... they are just normal guys for the most part . 
  stop living in the 30s seriously . 
  so the soldiers is the oppressor here is that what you are saying ? 
  not the guy randomly stabbing people with uniforms ? 
  lol do n't take life too seriously, 
  http://i.imgur.com/iubi7nd.jpg found this on `` funny '' , thought i 'd share, 
  does the hole have a bottom ? 
  let 's find out !, 
  pour it motherfuckers !, 
  i disagree ... our colors are more recent than the french , and are meaningless, 
  i dream the colours would change back to white or white and blue , but it will never going to happen, 
  you forgot to link it https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flag_of_portugal#/media/file:flag_of_portugal.svg, 
  it creates jobs , how is that bad ? 
  the jobs are not good enough ? 
  do n't run for them then ... 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/portugal/comments/2w2zps/greetings_rportugal_indian_here_i_was_wondering/ this one , but nevermind , 
  you that guy who asked about goa are n't you ? 
  and you think a center left coalition with be and the communists is viable ? 
  they are anti-eu and would just destroy what 's left of the economy . 
  the communists have never been the kingmakers ... they only exist to do opposition if offered the chance to make a difference they would just collapse in seizures not knowing what to do . 
  how efficient are those cables ? 
  how much energy is lost every 100 km for example ? 
  i 've always been curious about this, 
  i agree with this , and they do n't moan all the time ... they are cool . 
  was also the year of the athens olympics !, 
  all that money !, 
  only 6 years before the doomsday, 
  how are they calculating this ? 
  because everyone i know who has a full time job works at least 8 h a day ... minimum, 
  after 900 years of history we can not into relevance ;( i 'm gon na listen to some fado and drink some red wine https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xqrq7nlphew, 
  what do they teach in those departments ? 
  language ? 
  history ? 
  that 's because their all economy is focused on domestic consumption , that was fueled by loans , when this internal consumption stops they are in the shit , they have to identify what they are good at and export , they need foreign money entering their economy , there are a few things they can do for that : . 
  exports . 
  privatizations . 
  loans ( foreign loans , this obviously have been their choice since a few decades ago , it has a price ... interests -  money going out , it 's not bad if it 's used to fuel the productivity tissue , but it was mostly used in consumption and houses just like in portugal ) . 
  tourism . 
  foreign investment ( new companies starting business in greece and investing , people do n't like to invest in unstable countries and this is what people see when they look at greece thanks in great part to syriza ), 
  i know , that was for 2013 , if you check for 2014 we exported 10 bn more + - , for the first time in many decades we exported more than we imported , that 's called restructuring your economical tissue to exportation instead of domestic consumption , more money enters than leaves , and add on top of that tourism that broke record numbers . 
  there was a lot of programs to help companies exporting since the crisis . 
  he 's just being dramatic ... 
  33 bn $ of exports is n't much ... specially when you consider the 44 bn $ of imports , for comparison portugal exports were 66 bn $ in 2013 , and ireland 134 bn $ in exports ... romenia was 66 bn $ ... 
  it was you who started , it 's you who ca n't handle the truth, 
  i 'm not gon na lie , i die a little every time i see that, 
  i din dun nuffin seriously though , i agree , sometimes i think it 's just better to hide the flag because it 's used against you in the arguments ... 
  we drink to forget, 
  still better than turkey, 
  does n't israel get free toys from germany just from shame/remorse alone ? 
  holy shit is that retarded ... angola growth was 10 % some years that means it 's better than germany too ... 
  `` we are bombing them isis '' - bombs 10 positions of the pkk and 1 of isis . 
  also oil ... 
  i just want to say that the ottomans is one of my favorite countries to play in eu 4 ... 
  if he had an helmet he wouldnt need to duck, 
  just like me in bf 3 ... 
  https://varoufakis.files.wordpress.com/2015/08/screen-shot-2015-08-03-at-15-36-01.png?w=584&amp;h=411 lol this picture ... cringe `` teach us your ways ! '', 
  `` guide us son of god ! '', 
  seems to be very difficult to do , cranes in a boat , with a shifting center of gravity ... too much weight on one side and the barques tilt , and the more it tilts the more the center of gravity goes in that direction ... and very fast , it 's a nightmare, 
  i 'll remember . 
  who have been scammed ? 
  the greeks ? 
  or the syriza ? 
  what do you know of tyrants mr anarchist ? 
  greece needs to reform a lot of areas of their economy , if they do n't they will be back to this in a few years ... germany will accept a debt reduction after some reforms are implemented , the greeks have been dragging their feet for half a decade now ... and it 's the european taxpayers that need to keep pumping money ? 
  there are countries in europe sending money to greece where the pensions are half of the greeks pensions , you think this is fair ? 
  the initial loans by the banks were used for something ... werent they ? 
  the 1st bailout was used to buy back the loans for new ones with lower rates and higher maturities , this was after a debt haircut . 
  maybe fix your country instead of blaming the others for the shit you are in now, 
  this little social , political and economical experience that has been the syriza in power is interesting , thanks to greece we now see what a far left government can do to a country without actually having to live it . 
  germany is using the debt as leverage to force greece to enforce some reforms they see crucial , after those are implemented then they can start talking about debt pardon, 
  since it 's the debt of the state ... that 's how it works . 
   only international intervening can save the greek state you mean like a huge loan ? 
  with a troika controlling the implementation of reforms to save the state ? 
  more then a liberal idiot who thinks he is oppressed by a democratic government just because he does n't like his flag ... edit : 1936 rang they want their molotovs back, 
  what have the syriza done for greece so far ? 
  where can i get more data on this ? 
  like , how many produced , where are they produced etc, 
  ya i never though off it but while you do n't need a car in lisbon , in algarve it 's essencial .
