  so you think other tax payers should continue to feed greece indefinitely ? 
  specially when they see greece has so much homework to do that they are n't willing to do in the first place ? 
  do you pay property taxes ? 
  do you own a place ? 
  a car ? 
  just collect their goods ... my sister forgot to pay the car circulation fee 1 or 2 years and one of my fathers bank account ( the car was in his name ) was seized so he would pay the fee and the fine , something that costs 50 $ ended up costing nearly 500 $ , after he paid the account was unlocked so he could use it again . 
  do n't you understand that 's how modern states work ? 
  you guys are so immersed in being greek that you do n't even know anymore, 
  stop trying to tell us how bad it is ... it 's not that bad , go to romania or bulgaria and see it for yourself . 
  your minimum wage is higher than portuguese and your average salary is also higher than the portuguese ... 
  and 2 years and they still have n't done it ? 
  they either do n't want or their government are completely incompetent, 
  southern europe benefits the most from a weak euro, 
  98 % of the privatizations have n't been done . 
  only 33 % of the company opap was owned by the state, 
  because they also spend too much with the public sector , and they need to cut it . 
  hey yo dawg can you forgive my past loan ? 
  also can you give me more money ? 
  i 'll totally pay it back this time . 
  either someone in the imf is stupid or wants to provoke instability in the eu/ez . 
  exactly this , i think even germany understands greece do need a debt relief , but before that they have to address some issues , you quoted a few , there are more . 
  how is it possible that a country that needs money desperately has n't sold any of it 's public owned companies ? 
  all the other countries in the eu have done it , it 's been proved that public owned companies are not efficient , besides they are used to give jobs to the boys and friends ... 
  so the debt was used as leverage , do your homework , prove that you are willing and in good faith , then we can pardon part of the debt . 
  you speak as if everything is fine and does n't need fixing , as if only the payment of the loans is the problem ... they have huge problems in the public sector and in the taxing system . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  not sure if sarcastic or not, 
  i think for my self , i do n't need no prophet of doom . 
  that 's what you are . 
  1 . the greeks already got a debt haircut , portugal and ireland did n't 2 . their interest rates are lower than portugal 's and ireland 3 . same for the maturity of their loans , is higher than portugal 's and ireland 's 4 . it 's not about being cruel , quote me one cruel measure , unless you count paying taxes as being cruel 5 . there are countries in the eu with lower living standards than greece , some even contributed to the greek bailout , how are you going to say to the slovenians , maltese , estonians that the money they lent to greece is gone , or partially gone , because greeks do n't want to lose 10 % of their pensions , etc ? 
  i agree with a partial pardon of the greek debt , but we need to see action and reform before that : a ) the public sector in greece is a wasteland b ) the public sector has way too many weight in the economy , they need to privatize for the best deal c ) taxes , their tax base is n't large enough , there are too many people escaping taxes you speak of solidarity , every portuguese ( including children and old people ) contributed with 1.000 $ to the greeks , that 's higher than the average salary . 
  your view of the world is cartoonish and of stereotypes . 
  it 's not about politics it 's about economics , the greeks have too much homework to do before any debt haircut , their attitude of entitlement and arrogance is shameful . 
  and who the hell are you , the british , to speak about solidarity ? 
  when the countries in the eurozone have contributed with nearly 200 bn euros to greece ? 
  that was money out of the german , french , etc taxpayer directly to the greeks . 
  salazar colluded with both sides , that 's why the azores was handed over to the british/americans , that was of far more importance than any wolframium sold to the axis , plus timor and macau were occupied by the japanese . 
  because receiving 50 % is better than 0 % ... just because it 's not sustainable at 100 % or 80 % does n't mean you ca n't be paid ... they had to break tsipras , force him to reform , after that they can partially pardon the debt . 
  but 1st greece needs to show they are willing , which they had n't thus far . 
  if they had exited the euro there would be millions of greeks trying to understand why their former wage of 1.000 euros , now in drakmas , is n't enough to buy half of what they could previously buy . 
  you are incredible spoiled if you think a state can just borrow money and not pay it , or demand `` solidarity '' and ( yet ) another pardon ... 1 and a half century ago not paying your debt would give the other country a casus beli . 
  the arrogance you spill is incredible , the worst is that you think you are right !, 
  you took loans now you do n't want to pay them !, 
  you do n't want to reform anything !, 
  one of the worst public sectors in europe , lest efficient , people do n't pay taxes ( like property taxes , etc ) , one of the lowest reform ages !, 
  and you blame the germans !, 
  imagine dozens of banks going bankrupt , people losing their deposits , companies losing all the money and people losing their savings ... the damage this would cause to the economy , and it would have a domino effect that would affect even banks who did n't own greek debt , they just had to own debt to the banks involved ... 
  data shows on average greeks pay less taxe 's than the rest of europe , something like 34 % to 37 % . 
  but you ca n't just pour money into a machine were it leaks all around ... that 's what the greek economy is , a machine leaking everywhere , 30 gardeners to care for 4 bushs in a public hospital ? 
  the youngest age for pensionists ? 
  etc, 
  you had time to reform , you had time to sell the assets and you did n't ... all this years your governments were dragging their feet !, 
  and the latest government came to the eu like a gypsie trying to bluff and negotiate as if people had n't had enough , as if a greek exit was all that negative to europe . 
  your bluff got called out . 
  do your homework !, 
  it 's a fake surplus ... not reached by reforms , it was reached by finance engineering . 
  uh , and what 's new ? 
  you should have done that years ago like portugal and the other nations did , why do you want a public companies so politicians can fill them with boys and friends ? 
  greece needs to stfu , for years they have been testing the limits . 
  they bluffed for months and they nearly got what they deserved . 
  i would n't put portugal and greece in the same table ... you were living way above what you should . 
  portugal was n't , that 's why you had to cut more on the wages than we did . 
  the situation in portugal is improving , for me the most troubling factor is the debt , 130 % of gdp . 
  both , but greece needs to start reforming , all this could have been avoided if they had followed the plan . 
  unworkable ? 
  most seem to be doing fine , ireland had to bailout their banks - nothing related with the euro , portugal and greece both spent too much money in construction they did n't need , and in the case of greece they had a monstrosity that they called public service , not to mention other kind of waste of public money ... it 's nothing related with the euro . 
  edit : ofc having a currency of their own would permit more flexibility , but that 's another issue not related with the fouls of state . 
  send humanitarian aid without fueling the waste and the greek government , because sending money is easy . 
  we are talking about sending money to those really in need , if possible without the greek government as the middle man . 
  i 'm starting to think they want to exit the euro , but they know most greeks do n't want that and would n't support that move , so instead they keep playing and trolling . 
  they sure did , you are talking about the ecb money that was used to buy loans with higher rates from the banks , but the original loans were used for something ... 
  `` we just need money , lol '', 
  `` europeans should help the others in need '' money was sent . 
  `` they were sharp sharks and they should lose their money '', 
  money transferring to the periphery should be done via trade surplus , if it 's the other way around then the periphery is living above its capacity . 
  you do n't make enough money on your own to keep your life style . 
  you were living on money borrowed from your friends , now your friend wants his money and you say he is being unresenable and he should just keep on giving you money and pardon the debts . 
  you are that douche greece . 
  they think money comes from trees, 
  i was saying classic greece was n't just greece as we know it , it had territories in today 's turkey , italy etc. 
  we are going to pay it, 
  i have no hate towards the greek people , only the politicians , they are playing with your lives . 
  2 % in gdp cuts ? 
  that 's not correct, 
  why dont you guys leave already ? 
  i hope the no wins , but for different reasons , i wish you well though . 
  i hope the ` no ' wins because i want to see the social-economical experience irl , the caviar-left is gon na continue to live well and blame the evil europe , but the poor will suffer the most . 
  without reforms , any more money you receive will just vanish in the huge money waste machine that is your government . 
  because syrisa is fucking clueless , they look like amateurs, 
   it 's not their debt , it 's private debt that was socialised to protect a structurally unsound monetary union . 
  the imf also said you guys failed miserable at implementing the program in the first place , your government were dragging their feet . 
  not at all ... you mad ? 
  read my comment again . 
  yes nd and pasok have even more blame . 
  that does n't excuse syriza of playing countries, 
  i was n't being racist ... 
  am i lying ? 
  they also liked little boys ... there 's that too, 
  i 'm not saying greeks do n't work , i just find odd that some people try and keep drowning us on the `` we are starving , we are doing a lot of sacrificies '' so is a lot of people , there are currently contries in europe where their populations live worse than greeks and they have helped greece with bn of euros . 
  greeks , ottomans , you name it ... what i was trying to say is that classical greece had parts of turkey , italy , etc.
