i read your comment with a thick russian accent, 
  is n't that why they pump water during peak energy production ? 
  to store potencial energy to use when needed . 
  although that doubles capacity . 
  how so ? 
  i suppose it drops the value of the surrounding properties ? 
  do you know which coutnry has the best full load hours ? 
  can you elaborate ? 
  maybe , either way i 'm glad i do n't have to watch shit dubbed , 
  yes it is , but i prefer subs rather than dubs , dubs can make me stop watching a movie . 
  i 'm not understanding the link between the size of the market and dubs ? 
  market for what though ? 
  like when a comet introduced life on earth ? 
  well look how that worked, 
  natural selection, 
  lol greece , get your shit together you self-centered pricks, 
  it 's been 2 years and i 'm liking it . 
  people are fun and down to earth ... sometimes too much . 
  working with angolans on a daily basis can be frustrating many times . 
  the country itself has many problems , from education to heathcare and public services , it 's too sad people have to pay the infamous `` gasosa '' to access jobs , universities or simply allowed to finish their school . 
  prostitution is a huge problem , not just the `` give me 50 $ and we will have sex '' , but the `` if we have sex i 'll give you things '' ( from jobs to getting to the next year in school , etc ) . 
  not to mention corruption , that is just endemic and it 's not going to stop any time soon , it 's almost part of the culture . 
  that was great reading , i 'm working in angola too , in luanda . 
  never really visited much of the interior , although i would love too , there 's lots of amazing places nearly untouched by men . 
  it 's just a personal crusade against the term , 
  it 's not a slur , it 's actually mostly said by portuguese people , and since i 'm portuguese i hear it many times ... so that 's why i bitch about it . 
  must have been hard working with so much people in difficulties , what did you think of the country and people ? 
  did you ever felt in danger ? 
  cause it sounds like `` uga buga '', 
  your portuguese is great btw, 
  you have been to angola ? 
  what did you do ? 
  work in oil ? 
  pilot ? 
  please people stop using ` tugas ' it 's a terrible and ugly word, 
  i hope people realise i was n't serious when i ` tried ' to offend him . 
  my opinion of czech republic is great . 
  not quite , if you read this thread you see people mostly friendly , and then there 's you who started offending people . 
  thinking you are that great . 
  portugal might be poor but it 's not like you make it sound . 
  portugal is better than cz republic though , at least we have nearly 1000 years of history has an independent country and you have what ? 
  plus nearly 500 million people speak our language . 
  we are more modern both the people and the country itself , modern infrastructure , etc. 
  how much are we paying ? 
  brazilians also have a hard time with english , it 's funny, 
  nah man those are gypsies , portuguese are either housekeepers or construction workers, 
  woah , someone thinks his country is better than it is ... seriously , is there any recent polish achievements other than being annexed once every century ? 
  see others can play that game too , did you really had to go there ? 
  what is the origin of the joke ? 
  portuguese here : no i do n't feel bitter, 
  but i do n't like apples, 
  calm your vagina, 
  arroba , which is an old measure of weight, 
  sorry but this map is kinda stupid, 
  i think not, 
  nigeria is such a shitty hole though, 
  so nato killed more civilians than serbia did , and the mass genocide , the reason to start the bombings were never proven, 
  to punish the civilian population , it was a very sad action by nato . 
  but history will judge the bombing, 
  the period after ww1 in eastern europe and russia in general was very chaotic , for example the czechoslovakians had an army in the urals/siberia occupying pretty much everything near the transiberian railroad , up to vladivostok ... the czechoslovakians !, 
  plz provide link to evidence , instead of just going all `` amg guise look at this guy he is asking for evidence '', 
  could have you not started your answer with that instead of the other one ? 
  with arguments like yours, 
  are you serious ? 
  how old are you 13 ? 
  and out of arguments and resort to call people sick and trying to turn things around ? 
  i was obviously talking about kosovo , not bosnia . 
  the nato intervention was triggered by `` mass genocide '' evidences at the time , where is this ? 
  i did start this post as a neutral starting point , but that does n't mean i do n't have my opinion or that i should argue and sometimes even be the devils advocate . 
  about the 45 people that died , kla was attacking and killing serbian policemen , and if you read the article posted previously you will read that 4 policemen were killed the day before . 
  but we are moving away from the initial question , why does one deserve independence ( kosovo ) and not the other ( crimea ) ? 
  care to explain why one should have been given independence and the other not ? 
  if in both cases the majority of the population wants independence . 
  but where is the evidence of that killing ? 
  well , nato bombing serbia can be compared with russia occupying crimea , and afaik there was never a referendum in kosovo . 
  i think the massive difference is because non-russians were afraid to show up . 
  but there might have been some shady hand of course . 
  45 deaths ? 
  is that it ? 
  how many died in the result of the bombings ? 
  plus kla fighters are fair target . 
  and your quote says the hague dropped the case because of lack of evidence . 
  kosovo is not bosnia , we talking about kosovo . 
  plus both sides committed atrocities in bosnia . 
  did we ever found evidence of that genocide in kosovo ? 
  or how many of luxembourg deaths are from portugal descent, 
  denmark protecting their vassals , old habits, 
  insane , intense, 
  what 's wrong with them ?!!!, 
  why are the lhc beam tubes in a tunnel that 's 100 metres underground ? 
  there are four reasons . 
  because the tunnel is very deep , there was no need for cern to buy property rights for the farms and homes it runs beneath . 
  depth provides protection from cosmic ray particles that could generate spurious results . 
  the rock at that depth is extremely stable . 
  as well , 100 metres of rock and earth provides excellent protection from radiation and other hazards for people on the surface . 
  why underground ? 
  plz leave , plz ... 
  so belgium of them, 
  interesting, 
  they could call the army , i believe a few thousand soldiers would do the trick , ofc it would cause a backlash,
