  seriously at this point the far right needs to be completely stupid not to take some points out of this unfortunately , but i 'm afraid they are atm the only voices against this insane open borders policy . 
  heads need to roll , they have blood in their hands, 
  because they have a huge muslim minority that never integrated, 
   syriza is still the government . 
  i was wondering if i had missed something, 
  we can never catch a break, 
  the good he did was so much more than the bad . 
  no one is perfect , and if you judge him by todays eyes he 's going to be a bit `` bad '' ... he tried to modernize a country , he went against the interests of the few for the greater good , centralization was needed . 
  you are right i deleted and made a 2nd repply, 
  yes but that also involved the biggest dowry in history , mumbai and tangiers , but it worked , 
  there is no kosovar nationalism , there is n't and there never was ... what in fact existed and still exists are albanians living in kosovo who did n't want to be part of serbia , that does n't give them the right to became an independent state . 
  first ps measures , 360 million to be spent in updating pensions in 2016 ... where does this money is coming from ? 
  his flag says albanian/kosova so maybe because of it ? 
  wake up, 
  keynes is about spending money where it makes a difference . 
  when a country is already too indebt and running a deficit increasing the spending on wages is not what keynes considered good spending . 
  no , there is no left coalition , the right presented themselves in a right coalition called paf , and they won with the most votes . 
  ps did n't say they were going to make a government with the far left , many people who voted ps might have not voted if they knew they were going to ally with the pcp ... 
  so paf won and they were invented to make a government . 
  just like s\u00f3crates was . 
  costa mistake imho was to sympathize too much with syriza and people were afraid and voted on the right , maybe , it 's just an opinion . 
  it 's not the names , it 's what they defend ... anti-eu , anti-euro , anti-nato , etc, 
  pcp and be are far left parties ... they have ps by their balls . 
  dude wtf ... do you even know how an election work ? 
  we have won that competition centuries ago ... 
  how exactly increasing public spending is gon na solve anything ? 
  there is n't a magical formula , if you believe there is you are a fool who eats too much mushrooms . 
  how is it that increasing the public sector wages is gon na do anything good ? 
  the democratic tradition in portugal says the party with the most votes is invited to form a government , which was gone . 
  same happened with s\u00f3crates last government , minority government and the right did n't try to put it down right at the start . 
  i think costa made a huge mistake , he lost his chance and he 's doing everything he can to stay afloat . 
  he antagonized too much the left , specially the pcp ( hardline communists ) and they pretty much said `` orly ? '', 
  both the president empowering passos and the subsequent censure motion pass were merely a formality and both were expected . 
  haters gon na hate , i 've heard my share of racist comments . . and looks , if eyes could kill . 
  today was a happy day , beating brazil and spain !, 
  it 's a polite way to say `` maybe then we should leave '' . 
  why the uk special ? 
  kick dem out !, 
  muh federalisation , the uk is special . 
  bend to our will , give more while you are giving more . 
  tbh they sound just an excuse to scream , jump and be obnoxious as usual , while they are pretty insignificant . 
  `` is this it ? 
  can you shut up now little man ? '', 
  sweden gone complete retards ... 
  costa you suck , you gon na make me register in the consulate just to vote against you in a next opportunity , i just hope you do n't fuck the country too much in the meanwhile . 
  i 'm curious to know where angola stands in that list . 
  the female are friendly , for the most part , the men not so much lol . 
   we recognised their allure long ago , hands off mate . 
  thanks guys https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1890_british_ultimatum it was the main cause for the death of the royal family 15 years later lol . 
   this does n't have literally anything to do with `` kosovo invading macedonia '' . 
  this was just a struggle of albanian population in some parts of macedonia that demanded better rights . 
  they never said they want to secede from macedonia and join kosovo or albania . 
  they never said that about kosovo either lol , who ever called for an independent kosovo ? 
  there was no kosovar nationalism , they just tried to apply the same tactics they used in kosovo in macedonia , disgusting ... kosovo deserves as much to be an independent country as florida does . 
  `` you '' as in `` albanians '' , what do you mean slaves from africa in my conscience ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2001_insurgency_in_the_republic_of_macedonia right after kosovo , as if you did n't know , bruh . 
  as if . 
  why do you care so much about kosovo or not ? 
  they not albania , remember ? 
   if serbia want into the eu , it 'll have to let kosovo go at some point and get over it . 
  as long as it does n't join albania, 
  are you guys still trying to invade macedonia ? 
  or that bullshit tactic you used in kosovo did n't work there ? 
  i guess not having nato bombers did n't help . 
  i do n't disagree, 
  and good toilet cleaners according to some french lol , thanks ? 
  why would n't they accept if it reduces the number of refugees in their camps , we are sharing the burden . 
  unless they think it might stimulate more refugees . 
  in the north the size of the meal is quite larger than in the south , and in algarve sometimes it 's just mini . 
  lisbon , drinks and coffee included, 
  that 's not a lunch , it 's a snack, 
  in portugal in those restaurants that serve quick meals for people in the lunch break , you can eat for 10 $ . 
  in angola , 20 $ . 
   afghans do n't give a shit about your western ideals . 
  it 's not our job to fix every cultural backwater on earth . 
  i do n't think we should have armed the mujahideen , but implying the soviets were a force of good for afghanistan is absurd . 
  no one was saying they were , and no one is saying you need to fix every cultural backwater on earth , it 's a matter of should or should n't the us have supported the mujaheddin in afghanistan ? 
  would afghanistan have been a better place without them ? 
  less people would probably have died if the us did n't escalated the conflict supplying weapons to the rebels . 
  at the end of the day , and transporting the situation to the xxi century , it 's the same in libya and syria ... the us should have stayed out . 
  ty for taking the time to share this link , another myth destroyed . 
  1st close the borders , stop accepting migrants that have came across safe countries , this includes negating asylum to people crossing from turkey . 
  2nd open triage centers in jordan , turkey and lebanon and accept x amount of people dividing between the eu , asylum seekers can have a preference but it 's not binding , it depends on availability in the zone/country and they have to accept for example going to portugal instead of germany , if they do n't accept they get expelled . 
  the rebels who overthrown the soviet puppet state were like that , i 'm accusing the us of allying with them just for the sake of getting on the ussr , even if it meant supporting fanatic islamists . 
  what mass murder ? 
  authoritarianism ? 
  like saudi arabia ? 
  or pakistan ? 
  or chile ? 
  i was talking for example in education for everyone , including university education for women , in afghanistan in the 70s and 80s !, 
  that sort of western ideals . 
  even if they do feel pain , wo n't they forget it in like 2 secs ? 
  do n't try to find excuses for the us responsibilities in what afghanistan become ... you did n't give a fuck as long as the ussr lost another war ... even if it meant for an entire country to live in the medieval ages , you surely did n't care for democracy back then , just as you do n't care in syria or saudi arabia . 
  but what goes around comes around . 
  answering your question , it would probably have collapsed or it might have survived since honestly the rebels were just glorified goat shepherds armed with ak47s and stingers , removing the us factor would leave a government with tanks and western armament with western ideals on one side and on the other bearded goat walkers on horses with ak47s . 
  they should , it 's always justifiable to stop medieval societies from taking power and force their retarded views on others . 
  and more !, 
  i hope russia wins in syria , look at egypt and libya ... egypt did n't became a caliphate because the army steeped in, 
  and i tell you what , it 's a damn shame ussr did n't win in afghanistan . 
  as a person who was raised in a catholic house : are people not aware of this ?
