  that special day where you ca n't eat meat , not even ham but you can eat fish . 
  because they are pussies, 
  it 's a mix of both , you ca n't just run forward and think you can solve your problems just by achieving growth , when the budget deficit was higher than the gdp growth you will be more in-debt next year . 
   interest rates were too high because the markets did n't believe that 's not how it works . 
  that 's exactly how it works , confidence in getting your money back means more people are willing to lend you and the interests are lower ... and the fact that you did n't believe there was wastes in the public sector makes me realize it has been a waste of time talking with you . 
  keynesian economics work if the money is well spent , not just poured into a fabric filled with holes in it , the state was inefficient . 
  and above all , it works when the state can print money or borrow money , portugal could n't do either . 
  ofc austerity does n't make the economy grow but it was needed to fix issues . 
  portugal was running out of money , interest rates were too high because the markets did n't believe . 
  we had to fix a lot in our economy , many wastes , i believe it 's mostly done . 
  unemployment dropped , gdp growing a little , and public debt started dropping . 
  and the deficit is being reduced . 
  people tend to exaggerate ... 
  fact their gdp per capita is higher than portugal , romania , bulgaria , poland etc. 
  people are n't starving in greece , their gdp per capita is higher than portugal ... we did reduce public spending , do your homework . 
  no , i 'm actually socialist , but not from this ps, 
  just answer me this , are you against cuts on public spending ? 
  you realize the government spends too much and needs to be more efficient ? 
  cds is just another option for people who do n't believe in unicorns . 
  psd + ps + cds are known as the government arc for a reason , outside of this are demagogues ... `` let 's restore the salaries , cut the austerity measures , etc '' but they never say where the money for that comes from ... we have seen them at work in 1975 and what they did to the country , they set our economy back 20 years . 
  you are a cry baby , if you ca n't find a job go find it outside the country ... or you expect the state to provide for you ? 
  and who cries about privatizations on the xxi century ? 
  the debt started lowering this year , as predicted . 
  economy is growing a little and unemployment is decreasing . 
  emigration is normal . 
  let 's dug our head in the sand and pretend all is dark . 
  you are the typical portuguese guy who thinks everything is bad and the sky is falling , news to you : you live in a decent country with good public services , good healthcare , good security , good education , etc. 
  `` blabla ca n't wait to get out of here '' , then leave , i 'm personally in angola and i ca n't stand the cry babies that some portuguese are . 
  be is pretty hardcore on my book , nationalizing banks and sectors of the economy is hardcore on anyone book except left fanatics that think it 's ok . 
   there 's certainly an argument that we should honour our debts no-matter what , but personally i do n't buy into it . 
  if your citizens are suffering , then your first obligation is to them , not your creditors . 
  and if austerity is actually stopping you from being able to pay back your debt ( which it is , because cutting government spending slows economic growth , which reduces tax income for the government , and hinders their ability to repay debt ) then it is just not logical to repay that debt . 
  of course there will always be some suffering , but it 's not as bad as some people try to play it . 
  left party is even more vague than communist party ... 
  portugal will pay it 's debts , state debts is to be paid over decades , sometimes nearly 100 years ... austerity is working like the numbers are showing . 
  it depends what you consider communism and what would you call be ? 
  we do n't live in a utopia , states need weapons because there are actually bad guys with access to them . 
  it 's not that simple , first psd+cds are given the chance to form a government . 
  if they fail the left can try . 
  the president left the door open . 
  but he is n't wrong , having a ps government hostage of an anti euro anti eu and anti nato parties is too ridiculous . 
  be and pcp had 18 % let 's not forget this . 
  that 's why i also mentioned the training part , they are equally important . 
  for being power hungry , they lost , costa instead of resigning decided to run forward , this was the time for him to be prime minister and he blew it . 
  europe does n't have oil or gas in decent numbers , and it 's a relatively cold continent so this would be huge . 
  in portugal the president always invites the winning party to form a government , even if they have less than 50 % . 
  there are several examples including with the previous ps government and this same president , psd+cds won the election this time so they were invited to form a government , if the left do n't agree they can overthrow the government and new elections will be held . 
  we will see then who the people will chose . 
  that 's not the case in portugal ... opposition will oppose , even if they know austerity is needed and will implement it when they are in power ( at least for ps , psd and cds ) . 
  the other 2 parties ( be and pcp ) are hard-line communists and are even against nato and eu . 
  we borrowed the money and we have to pay , most people here in portugal agree with this simple thought . 
  so it 's not about being afraid or wanting to please anyone ... it 's about being realistic and honor our compromises . 
  there will be new elections next year and ps is gon na be punished . 
  one could argue that more weapons ( or more/better training ) would have been helpful to stop isis from getting half of iraq and 1/3 of syria ... 
  what about no ? 
  dat circle jerk though, 
  maybe it 's weaponry bought by the pentagon/cia and supplied to rebels . 
  i thought most of the weapons in syria are either soviet or american ... but i guess that way the circle jerk could n't be completed so gracefully . 
  ya one `` witness '' says he saw you that 's not enough to destroy a man 's life ... at the time they also mentioned sampaio , they were trying to frame all the ps ... 
  i 'm not with ps on this one , but let 's be reasonable here . 
  ah i do it right then, 
  lol i say heaven too , what 's the correct pronunciation ? 
  do n't know about italians , but it 's the same with apple , i keep saying ` haaple ' instead of ' \u00e1aple ', 
  because english sometimes is stupid with their pronunciations and illogical . 
  a y and not a e, 
  the one in the op for instance ... 
  i 've seen videos of them just ferrying them back and forth without even someone trying to stop them , just some guys welcoming them . 
  wait for them to unload the refugees , sink the boat . 
  board the ships , jail the crew . 
  and the greek government is doing what exactly ? 
  god damn , british love their horse meat , they do n't know it yet , but they looove it . 
  so did portugal , i 'm sorry too , have always been against it . 
  absolutely disgusting, 
  this just confirms greeks are cry babies, 
   finding out that their third degree cousin 's best friend 's grandma was 25 % portuguese and patting ourselves on the back as if we were responsible for said achievement . 
  i do n't , you think ? 
  ofc a small nation with 10 million will never be able to compete with a nation with the resources brazil has , not to mention the 200 million people . 
  but ask yourself this , would you be rather be the average chinese ( 2nd biggest world economy ) or would you rather be the average german ( 3rd or 4th biggest world economy ) ? 
  on one side you can boast about how you are # 1 in population , the 2nd biggest economy in the world , most relevant country in asia !, 
  on the other side you have healthcare , higher life expectancy , good education and a good place to grow and raise your children ... and quality of life . 
  it 's a matter of perspective . 
  portuguese aproax would be saying `` we suck , oh , how relevant we used to be '' while blaming the politicians, 
  yeah , except in every human index category . 
  not to mention their gdp per capita is half of the portuguese . 
   overtaken `` overtaken '', 
  hollyyy shiitt, 
  on the other hand it 's a pain in the fucking ass to download decent portuguese subtitles . 
  god damnit, 
  he 's from catalonia and is bashing spain, 
  it 's subsidised by the government , like social houses . 
  think chinese ghost towns . 
  came here for them catalonyan comments was not disappointed . 
  angola has huge problems with education , healthcare , social services , security , etc , everything . 
  but still , she should n't be living on welfare, 
  my sister-in-law has gone to france with 2 of her 5 children , she 's living on benefits and her husband will join her now with the rest of the children . 
  they plan on living from welfare for a few months at least , after that i do n't know what 's the plan . 
  they are from angola and here they had several small stores , an apartment they bought for 60k usd and cars worth 80k usd ... 
  i just do n't understand . 
  we still sell them in africa , by the thousands in my stores, 
  it would n't surprise me either , to impose a dictatorship , abusing the insecurity feeling .
