   most immigrants we get are from syria , that 's why . 
  actually only 20 % are , you just revealed your lack of information , please remove yourself . 
  ok , well we will see how it will go, 
  lower salaries, 
   of course their origin will be checked - you only get asylum if you are a refugee under the un conventions . 
  how will you check if they do n't have documents ? 
  how will you differentiate between syrians and iraquis for example ? 
  they speak the same language . 
   alleviate europe 's greying population problem particularly in germany , sweden and france . 
  otherwise the dependency ratio becomes quite high and the current economic generators slow their growth rate . 
  lol keep relying on outsiders for this and you might end with a revolt at hands , `` why should i pay 30 % of my income to feed this old people , what have they done for me ? 
  we have our own issues ! '', 
  where did i say all syrians are rapists ? 
  syrians are the least of your problems . 
  are you really comparing and how women are treated in europe to the middle east ? 
  self-righteous bullshit ?!, 
  have you ever heard of genital mutilation ? 
  or rape as form of punishment ?!, 
  goodbye and good luck , i 'm not going to waste my time talking with people like yourself . 
  who is sd ? 
  can someone with more knowledge of the swedish political scene tell ? 
  whyyyyy sweden whyyyyyyyyyyy ???? 
  please can son sociologist explain why this happens ?!, 
  is it some sort of white guilt ?? 
   merkel pretends that numbers do not matter . 
  omg , is she even german ?? 
  she 's gone complete retard , dat argumentation ... man, 
  why ? 
  and how ? 
  lol they all came from greece now , greece does n't even try to stop them . 
  i dont think he is , worrying about the rise of the far right is something politicians should think about . 
  i think you are n't thinking clearly , the fact is that you now have 1 million people with a different culture , who look at women with less respect than we do , i think it 's a bigger problem than you think and time will tell . 
  but i hope i 'm wrong . 
  i was expecting this https://fabristol.files.wordpress.com/2008/06/jew-bwa-ha-ha.gif?w=256&amp;h=300, 
  thank you republicans for our ugly flag ... * shakes angry fist * , it 's like the psd party winning elections in portugal and changing the flag to their colors ... orange , no wonder the 1st republic was shit . 
  * popcorn *, 
   what the fuck ? 
  this is n't shame , this is diplomacy . 
  ah like when female dignitaries visit arab countries and cover their hair ? 
  so when we go there we must understand and respect their obsolete and discriminatory culture , but when they visit us we must bend too ? 
  hippies living the dream , and waking up to reality once they arrived i assume . 
  she talks like she 's the owner of europe and we have to accept it . 
  no i think the european fabric is one , yes we can accept and live together with other cultures , as long as they accept our culture , and respect it , we can not bend ourselves in order to please them . 
  we ca n't accept a change of the very fabric of european culture . 
  that 's not acceptable , and this is not negotiable , even if it means electing other people . 
  why you think ? 
  yes , i would say maybe 90 % of / r/portugal dislikes the current flag , while irl you do n't hear many people talking about it . 
  the republican flag is hideous, 
  independence in africa was 50 years ago , former ex-ussr republics have 30 years of independence . 
  lol no , it 's a known fact quality of life in the former colonies dropped after the colonial powers left . 
  i do n't know it seems germany is giving homes and jobs to those folks might be a good idea to burn our schengen passports and claim we are syrians . 
  i remember people in austria getting their cars to pick migrants in the roads from hungary to austria ... cringefeast . 
  lol i think he means portuguese people are migrating in mass because of the government ... 500k in 3 years or something . 
  if they had left us with our empires ... africa would n't be the shithole that is now ... just sayan, 
  you are the ignorant who think just because you are on the payroll you are entitled to a share of the profits . 
  they hired you for your work and offered you a wage , do n't like it ? 
  go somewhere else . 
  if the state does n't make enough money it needs to cut on the benefits , selling companies is nothing that worries me either , if the new owners can make them profitable and expand their services and the quality of said services ... it 's a good thing , it 's just important to keep a strong controlling mechanism . 
  there were several terror attacks in france in the 90s linked with the magreb movements/2nd generation algerians . 
  i was in paris in the early 90s when a bomb exploded in the metro . 
  fanatics , populists and demagogues, 
   we need more people like mariana mort\u00e1gua or catarina martins . 
  you mean populists ? 
  fanatics ? 
  who have no idea how the real world works ? 
  i do n't think printing money is a valid solution, 
  i do n't agree , that 's not corruption that 's still tax evasion . 
  socialism ends when the money ends ... 
  you wa n't to see people wages pumber ? 
  cause that 's what will happen ... 
  bad analogy , if you do n't have enough money you do n't have enough money , you do n't borrow more or scream at the lenders so they forgive your debt and lend you more money . 
  fuga ao fisco is n't corruption is tax evasion , about the rest i ca n't comment with so few details, 
  mrpp , i think there are more far left lunatics than fair right . 
  what kind of corruption ? 
  give me an example of a day-to-day corruption case you saw, 
  you are silly and naive , there was never a world like that and there will never be ,, 
  he said it several times how things would change now that syriza was elected, 
  if the economy does n't produce enough jobs for him and people like him what 's the problem ? 
  i hope passos wins , for the sake of the country economy . 
  costa did n't convince me when he started defending a syriza type of approach , on the contrary , made me lose faith in him . 
  if you ca n't find job in portugal and an opportunity arises outside why not go ? 
  much better to stay and cry how sucky the governement is while collecting your ris . 
  good luck in getting someone to point precisely what they have done wrong ... people do n't know they just say `` overall i do n't agree with what they did '' , `` yes but what exactly and how would you do it differently ? '', 
  * short circuit and explodes *, 
  i was supporting costa till he glued to syriza ... 
  actually you fit ... if you think a company has to distribute the money it generates between it 's employees . 
  you are not entitled to anything else but your salary , if you want more go make your own company . 
  dis gon na be some interesting new decade in germany/sweden, 
   integration is a long term process that can last for generations . 
  france and the terror wave in the 90s say it 's a heavy price to pay . 
  in the 2000s the riots in the suburbs , etc. 
  but sure , go play the wild rollet with your citizen lives . 
  corruption perceptions perceptions --------------- ya portuguese people always think the worst of their country , if you think portugal is one of the most corrupt countries in the world you are naive , come to angola and watch people die at the hospital beds ( if they are lucky to get one and share it with 3 other guys ) because they did n't pay the doctors their fee . 
  i didnt think it was needed . 
   it 's more like the bad guys vs. the good guys . 
  i do n't agree with you , i think , at least in this case , the right is in the middle . 
  europe ca n't accept everyone , and certainly not everyone should be accepted . 
  there are issues with integration of certain people , and france for example has a problem with that for decades . 
  * sigh *, 
  why not shoot them on the spot ?
