  for racist comments on twitter and social media , but this guys give speech of hate and violence and gets a way with it , what a fucking joke of a country, 
  maybe some french can talk a bit about the portuguese community in france , i know mostly had very little education , the majority came from the rural north of portugal , but i think they are very hard working , and although they like to live in a somehow close community i think they respect french laws and traditions, 
  i think it 's mostly a story of people migrating to a new country in hope to get a better life , respecting the country that welcomes them , even though sometimes they live in very bad conditions ( like we can see in some of the pictures ) , much worse then the current immigrants face , yet they did n't revolt , riot , etc , they worked hard , they are now mostly retired and very thankful to france, 
  how come you have the angolan flag yet if i hover it it says antarctica ? 
  am i the only one around here who thinks this is a good idea ? 
  i do n't think restaurant owners should put oil instead of olive oil in those jugs , plus have you seen how dirty they always are ? 
  it 's disgusting, 
  ya hardly worth mentioning , they are insignificant and surely any media cover would be way more then they deserve, 
  one could also say a thing or two about social mobility, 
  `` paulinho fairs can now be father lolololoo '' lol google translate at its finest, 
  ahah calling people fascists now because they have a different opinion than you ? 
  are you from pcp or be ? 
  i 'm upvoting you not because i agree with you , but because this is not a popularity contest where people vote for what they like , this is a place to debate , people forget that many times, 
  there 's nothing worse then political correctness, 
  oh yes , but not enough to get a house, 
  are your parents that great ? 
  if you are young and just out of colleague you are lucky if you get a 700 $ job , otherwise you probably are part of the nearly 50 % youth unemployment , you pay more in taxes but you also have higher salaries , the vat in portugal for most products is at 23 % , the only thing we ca n't complain about is the price of food ... all the rest is expensive, 
  brazilian ? 
  how ? 
  did they pay the ransom ? 
  i 'm not defending the monarchy, 
  according to my formula it 's belarus or ukraine , meh, 
  what 's it suppose to do ? 
  never heard of it, 
  you are french !, 
  you probably want to sell some guillotines and behead the king !, 
  do n't do what portugal did , we changed our flag when the monarchy ended in 1910 to the colors of republican party , we went from a beautiful flag to an ugly flag with colors that have no historical meaning to the country , when we could just have removed the crown from the flag and keep the rest , but at the time the blue and white was the color of the monarchy party , and red and green the color of the republican party : monarchy flag : https://www.google.pt/search?q=bandeira+monarquica+portuguesa&amp;aq=0&amp;oq=bandeira+monarquica+&amp;aqs=chrome.1.57j0l3.9579j0&amp;sourceid=chrome&amp;ie=utf-8 republican flag : https://www.google.pt/search?q=bandeira+republicana+portuguesa&amp;aq=0&amp;oq=bandeira+republicana+po&amp;aqs=chrome.1.57j0l2.6867j0&amp;sourceid=chrome&amp;ie=utf-8, 
  titanium patch ? 
  dignity motherfuckers , do you have it ? 
  steal, 
  well one thing i can say , the ministry of economy in portugal needs to learn a few things with the the spanish chamber of commerce , they give support to their export industries in a way i 've never seen done by the portuguese embassies and ministries, 
  do n't forget tintin , there 's also that, 
  what recent affair of cez in bulgaria ? 
  that 's nice and all , but in the grand scheme of things your sacrifice is nearly useless , we live in a global world , no seriously we live in the same planet as the chinese , the indians and i 'm sure you know how little they care about the environment , while you may argue `` yes but we need to start somewhere '' or `` we are doing our part '' , although it 's true , i ask you , how much industry have the european energy policy have pushed to china where they have ( afaik ) very little or no legislation about pollution ? 
  and while instead of polluting 100 tons a year ( and providing jobs and taxes in europe ) they pollute 250 tons a year ... 
  and what do you think that taxation is for ? 
  to subsidize renewable energy , i 'm not saying it should n't be , because it 's less oil/gas imported , so in the end you save on imports and polution, 
  it 's fucking retarded and it angers me very much , if the government really wants to improve competitiveness the price of energy is one of the first things they should address because it affects the all economy , where i work we import a lot of products from portugal and since this `` crusade of competitiveness '' the government started we have n't seen a drop in prices , quite the contrary they increased the tax on gas , fucking useless, 
  i had it coming ^ ^, 
  why is this in / r/europe ? 
  i never liked coke ^ ^ , but i liked my ice tea at lunch , same price, 
  and this conversasition pretty much sums what 's going in portugal right now ps : i 've already migrated, 
  wtf, 
  elaborate ? 
  caetano had good ideas , he implemented some , in the end it was one of the reasons why he lost power , soft dictators do n't keep their jobs, 
  anyone who followed his career for a bit knew how this was going to end , he is a con but only the fools got caught, 
  i remember a coca cola used to be 100 escudos , 50 cents of euro , now it costs 1 $ , in less then 10 years it doubled the price , fucking vending machines, 
  the portuguese symbol is a bit weird yes , they choose the symbol used in the first coin coined by the first portuguese king, 
  what do you mean `` storm of the mediterranean countries coming '' ? 
  you thought the euro was going to devaluate greatly ? 
  like , instead of a coffee costing 1 $ it would cost 500 $ ? 
  it was specially cool when i first saw the first foreign coin ( from spain , i 'm from portugal ), 
  was cool and exciting, 
  this would be great for a tattoo, 
  this is funny because today i saw a sticker saying `` brand germany '' it did n't say it was made in germany because it 's made in china , but the name of the brand is `` brand germany '' ... like those power generatos made in china , they are called euro power ... pathetic, 
  i like blondes, 
  i was tempted to answer zimbabwe has the best country in the world , but i do n't want to ruin your survey even if it has some strange/stupid questions, 
  i want to upvote but because it 's from davidreiss666 bot i want to downvote , i ca n't decide, 
  why lower case for portugal ? 
  northern accent , porto region, 
  you only hear that expression in the north of the country . 
  in the south we use `` basofes '' and `` dreads '' lol , i 'm from barreiro. , margem sul power, 
  i guess you ca n't buy good taste , nor can you receive it from the government via welfare, 
  wtf ? 
  eheh , there 's probably 200k portuguese in angola , the wage of portuguese people in angola has dropped 25 % since there 's so many now , still too expensive to hire portuguese to mop floors in luanda , not quite there yet . 
  i still do n't understand what you are trying to say , are you saying eurostat cooks the statistics to make them more dramatic ? 
  or less ? 
  you mind me asking where you from ? 
  i ca n't speak of those examples , since i 'm from portugal and the youth unemployment rate is `` only '' ~ 45 % , and the general unemployment rate is ~ 18 % , but there are many unemployed people right now in this part of europe, 
  not really since it 's a eurostat statistic , are you implying it 's false or ? 
  that 's bullshit , provide proof, 
  it depends heavily on what 's after the `` you americans '', 
  what what you saying is he missed his chance of a treesome ? 
  how much would it cost to import a bus filled with swedish youth ? 
  females only, 
  something about sardines ... 
  what ? 
  lol it even has rap, 
  she was indeed a bit of a * cunt * , i believe this is the right term ? 
  i like this subreddit you can have some interesting debates and read interesting info , and people are usually nice with friendly jokes about each country, 
  what is creepy is the way society is `` drived '' into something , they are in some kind of high right now the us government could declare war on someone using shady proofs linking the attacks to iran ( for example ) and people would go along , and the media as well , and if anyone tried to say `` hey wait a second '' they would be labeled as anti-patriotic , that 's what 's creepy and dangerous and we have seen it happening in the past ( alamo , the maine incident , iraq ) ... blind patriotism fueled by the media, 
  freedom sausages, 
  terrorboy lol what a shirty villain name, 
  that 's up to you , if you do n't want to share you do n't have to, 
  it is now the top article in all czech online newspapers . 
  i bet they will mention it in evening tv news . 
  edit : well fuck , he deleted the other post , this no longer is remotely funny anymore , i 'll keep it, 
  why not ? 
  karma farm account , it 's obvious ... 12 submissions/hour ?!, 
  i personally do n't have any problem with him not being european though, 
  for 2012 : 6,4 % you can easily see others countries just by changing the name in the url, 
  portugal not even in that chart , some estimates put it at 20 % though, 
  what is the gas market reforms trying to aim ? 
  i 've read about this salt mines , what happens if water enters a salt mine ? 
  and why are salt mines used ? 
  are they deeper ? 
  do you have more info on the kid blowing himself up ? 
  `` germany is slowly gearing up ... '' oh, 
  you can downvote all you want but you ca n't hide the truth !, 
  those numbers are bs,
