  well they tried several times , not only that time you listed, 
  no they do n't , they take it down by request, 
  gema requested the take down, 
  youtube blocks the videos by request of gema, 
  soon they gon na start jailing people because they might commit crimes ... this is ridiculous and revolting , and i 'm not even german ,, 
  lol , all you say is `` icj '' i disregard everything you say after . 
  tell me , are you biased in this matter ? 
  you are silly if you think eastern europeans work more than portuguese , i believe that 's what you are stating , it 's that silly stereotypical view brits have of the world that is borderline racist . 
  the volkswagen group has in portugal one of their biggest factories , it 's also one of the most efficient , unfortunately it 's cutting production year after year . 
  as soon as the wages start raising the industry will move , in the portuguese case it moved to eastern europe and asia . 
  the pre-eu industry in portugal all died because they were n't ready , poland defended their rights and fought for them , portugal was just so happy joining the eu we sacrificed our industry in the global market altar , i certainly do n't blame the eu , i blame our politicians that did n't defend key national economic sectors ( in the agriculture sector only the wine was saved , our fishing fleets were destroyed , etc ), 
  if they unilaterally declare independence yes , any state has the right to protect their sovereignty and their territorial integrity , this is recognized in the un charts . 
  in 10 votes , 4 were against and 5 in favor, 
  if it 's going to be like portugal , it wo n't ... 
  you speak as if the icj made a unanimous decision , it was 4 against in 10 votes , and we all know this kind of courts are a joke , with big countries making pression on the judges , the way you defend this makes me wonder if you are not biased yourself, 
  `` is the unilateral declaration of independence by the provisional institutions of self-government of kosovo in accordance with international law ? 
  '' [ 11 ] on 30 september 2008 , in a trial vote , the serbian initiative was backed by 120 member states . 
  [ 12 ] in the real vote , the united nations general assembly adopted this proposal as resolution 63/3 [ 13 ] on 8 october 2008 with 77 votes in favour , 6 votes against and 74 abstentions . 
  [ 14 ] the 77 countries that voted for the initiative a/63/l .2 of serbia were : algeria , angola , antigua and barbuda , argentina , azerbaijan , belarus , bolivia , botswana , brazil , brunei , cambodia , chile , china , costa rica , cuba , cyprus , democratic republic of the congo , djibouti , dominica , dominican republic , east timor , egypt , el salvador , equatorial guinea , eritrea , fiji , greece , guatemala , guinea , guyana , honduras , iceland , india , indonesia , iran , jamaica , kazakhstan , kenya , kyrgyzstan , lesotho , liechtenstein , madagascar , mauritius , mexico , montenegro , myanmar , namibia , nicaragua , niger , nigeria , north korea , norway , panama , papua new guinea , paraguay , philippines , republic of the congo , romania , russia , saint vincent and the grenadines , serbia , singapore , slovakia , solomon islands , south africa , spain , sri lanka , sudan , suriname , swaziland , syria , tanzania , uruguay , uzbekistan , vietnam , zambia and zimbabwe . 
  the 6 countries that opposed the initiative were : albania , federated states of micronesia , marshall islands , nauru , palau and united states . 
  the 74 countries that abstained from voting were : afghanistan , andorra , armenia , australia , austria , bahamas , bahrain , bangladesh , barbados , belgium , belize , benin , bhutan , bulgaria , burkina faso , cameroon , canada , colombia , croatia , czech republic , denmark , estonia , finland , france , georgia , germany , ghana , grenada , haiti , hungary , ireland , israel , italy , japan , jordan , latvia , lebanon , lithuania , luxembourg , macedonia , malaysia , malta , moldova , monaco , mongolia , morocco , nepal , the netherlands , new zealand , oman , pakistan , peru , poland , portugal , qatar , saint lucia , samoa , san marino , saudi arabia , senegal , sierra leone , slovenia , south korea , sweden , switzerland , thailand , togo , trinidad and tobago , uganda , ukraine , united arab emirates , united kingdom , vanuatu , and yemen . 
  it 's a secession , and as so serbia had all the right to fight it if they decided to . 
  one could even argue it 's more than a secession , since most of the population fighting for the independence were of albanian descent, 
  some interesting statistics here : http://www.centrodeinformacao.ren.pt/pt/paginas/cihomepage.aspx, 
  oh wow , i was curious so i looked into it : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turbot_war apparently the spanish ships were in international waters, 
  btw i just read your comment about cape verde and guine bissau , guine bissau , unfortunately , is a shitty place , and it kinda always has been . 
  it shares very little with cape verde, 
  the portugueses government at the time considered cape verde and guine bissau to be 1 province , hence why the independentist movement to reflect both provinces . 
  did they really expressed their right to self-determination though ? 
  there was no referendum . 
  ofc they are now an independent nation , no one is putting that in cause , but portuguese decolonization was one of the worst , and not entirely because of the war , but because it caused millions of victims in the next decades , far more than that have died during the independence/colonial war . 
  no they did n't , you ca n't call that a war , it was simply a matter of police vs a few dozens of ` independentists ' and what does pidjiguiti have to do with cape verde ? 
  are you supporting their independence because of their skin ? 
  the island were inhabited like the azores , madeira or canaries were . 
  yet no one says anything about those , is it because most of the inhabitants in those places are whites ? 
  spain has the biggest fishing fleet in the world , they have very strong interests to maintain, 
  neutral colors, 
  i do n't think switzerland and norway want to be in the eu , even iceland ... 
  i also do n't think all of cyprus in eu will be possible , mainly because greek cypriots are dicks, 
  i like eu , i just think the last expansion was too fast and too much in such little time we went from 15 to 27 or 28 , i do n't even know anymore . 
  most of those countries deserve to be in , but maybe not in that way i feel . 
  oh no , does poor doctors and engineers getting sucked up ... 
  can you elaborate ? 
  edit : nvm found it http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/olkiluoto_nuclear_power_plant#construction_delays, 
  so brave, 
  which one did they pick ? 
  could you resume it for us ? 
  how do you know of this margins ? 
  well `` estadunidense '' just sounds awful same as `` nazista '' , makes me cringe, 
  lol , keep expelling those romenians and bulgarians ... those are the real danger , uk is so `` brave '' against other eu nations , and such a pussy against islam minorities, 
  is the sex included ? 
  that depends , after s. mamede battle it was guimar\u00e3es , after the pope recognized portugal has an independent kingdom it was coimbra, 
  how was iraq a proxy war with russia ? 
  because jews have a strong lobby and links to the high power in many countries , specially in the usa, 
  what i said it 's kind of a joke , but seriously roma are a problem, 
  can we not send them to madagascar ? 
  if that 's not possible maybe other solution will arise, 
  that 's brilliant, 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/voyages_of_christopher_columbus 0 mentions of ` italy ' , 5 mentions of ` italian ' , 25 mentions of ` spain ' , 25 mentions of ` spanish ' , 15 mentions of ` castile ' , even portugal is mentioned 16 times , ` genoa ' and ` venice ' are mentioned once each ... keep saying the credit of the discovery of america is for italy , but you wo n't change history, 
  spain will always have the credit , italy was n't even a nation at the time, 
  no one is saying otherwise , magalhaes who circunnavigated the earth was portuguese , but he was working for the spanish crown colombo was italian , but it was the spaniards who discovered the americas and they will always get the credit , no matter what you say or think the discovery , exploration , exploitation and colonization of the americas will always be associated with spain, 
  inb4 slave trade ... too late, 
  actually it was spain who colonized the americas so it does n't matter the nationality of columbus , yes he was italian but it was spanish ships and he was conquering the territories for the king and queen of castile, 
  if mussolini tells you to do something what you say ? 
  if they want out , let them go , we just ca n't have a state stalemating every important decision , i do n't even know why they hate the eu so much , i would like that a uk euro-septic pointed out a few bads things about eu , not saying there are n't , but would like them pointed out, 
  ah , i forgot to mention i 'm against privatization of the public tv broadcaster , i think at least one should be public , i think the best example is bbc , they give good and quality content that private broadcasters usually do n't invest on . 
  but what we see in portugal at least , is the public tv broadcaster trying to compete with the privates with shitty programs , that 's not public service, 
  yeah i 'm gon na stop arguing with you when i 've to explain all small things , i already told you about working less for more money , you say you do n't see that as a problem ? 
  it 's wasting money that could be going somewhere else . 
  then you talk about reforming it , thing is it 's hard when they go on strike and are very rigid about changing things , it 's obvious they want to keep the status quo . 
  yes , just look at any public sector company/employee in portugal and you will see it , they work less hours , and get more money then their private counterparts , when you ca n't get fired ( or very hardly ) things are easier . 
  you want a specific example ? 
  public tv , rtp is the public tv in portugal , it has over 3500 employees , more employees then both private tv broadcasters combined , does this mean they do a better job ? 
  no , unfortunately no , if it was the case it would balance things out , but it 's not the case , all morning and all afternoon all they show is shitty programs that compete with other shitty programs from the private broadcasters, 
  because usually in public business there 's laziness , waste and way more workers then usually needed , which are very costly rule of thumb is , for the same amount of money private business does more then a public company ... that does n't mean i agree with privatisation of everything public , i still believe the role of the government in education , health and security, 
  cigarettes are bad for your health , and people near you , but do n't make you hallucinate and kill your room mate because you thought he was an alien, 
  but i did , as a joke though , it was what it was , history is history, 
  oh god the dutch ... such dicks stealing our shit, 
  why did they shoot the jetski ? 
  you have the example of autoeuropa , where it worked very well, 
  abort abort !, 
  ze germans are coming, 
  that was n't the 1st nor the last time spain tried to conquer portugal though , but i wo n't deny catalonia rebellion gave us crucial time, 
  rabbits ? 
  saying portugal is independent because of catalonia is minimizing nearly 900 years of fighting castille ... plus after they defeated you they came for us , and we defeated them, 
  and considering the neighbor we had it 's quite a thing tbh, 
  i tought it was paris, 
  we pretty much won the war in angola and mozambique , a bit like vietnam i guess , people and mainly some people in the military were tired of the war, 
  brilliant, 
  dutch 's were such dicks , always trying to steal our shit, 
  the wells thing is bullshit , what happened was locals could n't operate the machines , pumps and the electric generators so some of the population had water and power before the independence and now the portuguese left and water and power was gone ? 
  let 's blame the portuguese ... if it was n't for the cuban soldiers who were also technicians they would be fucked ... 
  oh god europa universalis , best game ever , and the game that mentions portugal the most and where portugal is one of the best choices , 
  what do you mean ? 
  lol , some trivia , there is n't a single nandos in portugal afaik , it 's originally from south africa , started by some of the many portuguese emigrants in south africa, 
  how much would a jorney like that cost ? 
  hum , yeah i agree ? 
  i do n't get your point, 
  anyone has numbers on the number of deaths on france side ? 
  i think it 's a fucking joke that people are charged and arrested ( ? ),
