  well it 's easy because local people do n't have much education and are lazy , seriously they do n't like to work much and lack organization , if you want someone competent you have to brin the expats or angolans that studied outside ( very rare ) something that should take 15 min to do it usually takes the entire afternoon or the entire day !, 
  if you want something done right you probably will have to do it yourself ... it 's really a nightmare there are some difficulties in working here though , it 's the 2nd most expensive city in the world , something that in portugal costs 2 $ ( those frozen supermarket pizzas ) here it costs 10 $ , the electricity is always off so you need to have a generator , no water so you have to have a tanker bring water every week or so ... everything that you consider normal in europe here costs a lot , internet for example , 2gb of traffic costs 40 $ and it 's really slow where i live - i have to constantly refresh pages and it costs me traffic even though it does n't show the page ( 3g pen ) , the traffic jams are a nightmare the other day the president decided to visit some construction site so most of the roads were blocked , took me 5h to get home , instead of the normal 1-2h ( for a 25km trip ) there 's also the problem with the visas , they are very rigid and you usually have to pay 10k $ for a 3 years visa ( for work ) , i do n't have that problem because i 've angolan citizenship as well . 
  i 'm currently working in my fathers business , he has shops and warehouses that sell construction material . 
  yes , they used to be much higher then they are right now though ... 
  i 'll give , you an example of a friend of mine , when he finished his college he was given the chance of going to angola for work , for 3k $ ( numbers are much lower now though ) for his first job just out of college he refused , he is working now in portugal ( his 2nd job after 1 year of experience ) for 600 $, 
  those numbers are bullshit , those organizations are usually linked to the communist party that uses them as weapons against the government and against cuts in the education sector, 
  well , there 's an example right here : me , i 'm currently working in angola ... :\\, 
  who they gon na bully now ? 
  they targeting the small countries while the uk has plenty of tax havens itself, 
  you have a source on that ? 
  not that i doubt you , i would just like to read more about it since reading about energy is one of my hobbies, 
  very interesting read, 
  485 $ is the minimum wage for a full time job in portugal ( has n't change in many years and we ca n't change it tbh , not now at least ) , and the expenses you enumerated are cheaper but are closer and closer to the rest of the europe , except heating we do n't use that ... food is quite cheap here though, 
  i 've never been a fan of thatcher but she was so pro-europe , what happened to her party ? 
  can you give an example of this bias that you speak of ? 
  no one remembered to ask that before downvoting ? 
  i was hoping you could give us some free stuff , after all , we did send you some sardine cans when you needed them ... 
  well here in angola they ( the chinese multinationals ) solved the problem of local labor inefficiency by `` importing '' ** hundreds of thousands ** of chinese nationals here some photos : https://dl.dropbox.com/u/11384378/angola%202010%20066.jpg https://dl.dropbox.com/u/11384378/angola%202010%20067.jpg ( soon ), 
  more expense cuts , less taxes plz, 
  ya man this people so serious buuu, 
  is it possible for the communist party to win the elections some day ? 
  this is what the russians were waiting for !, 
  yes , we definetly need to cut on the social spending ... we need a lighter state so we can finally have some taxes cuts for out economy edit : not sarcasm btw, 
  ohhhhhhhh i see, 
  what the hell , bastards, 
  good old times :( side note where is yoorup ? 
  the flag looks like ireland 's, 
  wait ... what , you mean we ca n't all be exporters ? 
  that 's mind blowing, 
  the tittle does n't make any sense , it 's hurting my brain , is it implying renewable energy sources are ` weak ' energy sources in terms of output ? 
  socrates for prime minister 2013 !, 
  you are next netherlands ... soon ... 
  interesting view, 
  portugal been doing major cuts in public expense since 2000 and failing every deficit goal since then with the exception of maybe 2 or 3 years, 
  we will see where the rules will lead us, 
  lol , dammnn, 
  these are the best names, 
  rex the police dog !, 
  lol there use to be a german tv series about a dog called rex and a police officer ... 
  i used to watch it in the summer ( portugal , that 's why we have so much debt we buy shitty tv series form germany about a dog called rex ), 
  this reminds me of the nazis ... they too tried to find glorious past for their history , they even sent expeditions to tibet ... 
  spain is n't small , and they have like 40m people, 
  what about portugal ? 
  we always skip under the radar lol , specially for americans , i believe most do n't even know where portugal is in the map, 
  yes , in the case of portugal salazar was very anti-industry , he wanted an agricultural state ( because factory workers were known to be very pro-communism ) , when marcelo caetano came to power he started some reforms and portugal had a very fast industrialization phase , but in 74 the communists came and destroyed pretty much every industry portugal had , then in the 80s portugal joined the eu , so we went from a agricultural economy into a economy focused on services ... we lack production, 
  was finland always filled with so many racists and idiots or is this a new thing ? 
  jesus , that video was embarrassing, 
  i sure hope not, 
  angola today still does n't have industry , but instead of agriculture and minerals they export oil , which gives work for less people i suppose ... they import pretty much everything , their food comes mostly from south africa and ... portugal , while before 1975 they were exporters of food for south africa . 
  ideally a country should transform it 's own raw materials , but it 's not always possible ... those countries did n't have a civil war after their independence , but guinea has many internal problems and it 's one of poorest countries in the world . 
  the biggest mistake portugal made was the decolonization the way it was made , they were n't prepared and what followed was a quarter of century civil war in angola , so mistake # 1 not having a native elite prepared to take over the country after independence . 
  it 's still the same right now , except they barely have trains nowadays , while they did back then , and roads ... it had dams for energy , and since the independence i believe only recently they built 1 , so yeah maybe there was n't many factories but in portugal there was n't many factories either ... still does n't change the fact that it was a healthy economy , focused in exporting raw materials , what 's the problem with that ? 
  colonial mismanagement ? 
  it was a bad decolonization process but the economy at the time was strong and portugal left the colonies with the infrastructure needed to be a success ( but not the human brains , since most of the few educated ` natives ' decided to leave the colonies with the portuguese back to portugal ) ... 
  i would even go as far as saying that angola and mozambique had the best infrastructures and `` economy backbone '' in all of africa , only a bit behind south africa ... and this was before real oil exploration began ... nowadays the economy is grwoing but it 's fueled mostly by the oil industry , with no agriculture or production industry, 
  are things really that bad for the king in spain ? 
  ya portuguese decolonization was one of the worse :\\ although we left them with some of the best infrastructures in africa at the time, 
  well i dont know what about other colonies but portuguese ex-colony angola was growing a lot pre-independence , and was definetly a healthy economy . 
  one thing i notice is that i see many people with the result of polio ( legs all messed up ) , but they are all in the 10-30 years old bracket , which consist with the after independence period ( 1975 ) , you do n't find people 40 + years old with the legs fucked up by polio, 
  latvia wants the $ edit : 2h too late , this will stay though, 
  iraq - no , still makes me rage how easy it was for the right wing media brain wash americans into that war ... even turning them against france ( freedom fries ? 
  lol ) and europe in general , makes me wonder how ` free ' one can really be , also all this talk about ` freedom ' and ` democracy ' is getting on my nerves , sounds more and more like some communist states but instead of the zeal of the people , ` for the people ' , ` to the people ' , is the ` democracy and freedom ' tantrum ... - afghanistan - yes , considering at the time the regime in afghanistan was harboring and training the terrorists who organized the attacks . 
  us history is filled with fake casus belli 's where the media was used to turn the population , we have the maine - the ship that exploded in havana , cb used to attack the spanish empire and take cuba and the philippines , we have the alamo , where they took texas from mexico ... etc, 
  where is that day-to-day corruption that you speak of ? 
  second , in which country there are n't politicians in politics for the money ? 
  holy fuck lol, 
  that would be hilarious , funny how that is impossible now , but same ca n't be said about jihads ... how in 500 years some have changed so much and others so little, 
  yeah such a badass salute ruined by the nazis :\\, 
  wtf ? 
  txuca txuca join in the downvote train ... pathetic , do n't downvote because someone disagrees with you downvote because the comment is stupid or trolling . 
  oh yes , everyone is entitled to their own opinion , but the der spiegel is asking germans `` is it time for spain to dissolve the monarchy ? 
  '' , it 's making a report on the current state of the spanish monarchy with a question on the tittle , it 's asking germans if it 's time for the spanish king to go , why now ? 
  why not one of their north neibours where the concentration of kings and queens is much higher then here in the south ? 
  do the southern king of the dirty spanish spend more then the crown of sweden , or netherlands ? 
  why now when spain is in this crisis ? 
  does the der spiegel know more about spain then the spanish ? 
  does the der spiegel know that the situation in spain is very complex ? 
  it 's a kingdom made from several kingdoms , there was castille , leon , aragon , galiza ... united under 1 king , and the king for very long the central figure in the union ... my problem with the tittle of the article is exactly that , germans trying to tell the south how they should run their shit , mind your own business , you not buying us shit , you are loaning us money for us to buy your products and you are getting a profit from it plus the interests , but that 's it . 
  that 's exactly what i 'm saying is n't it ? 
  op you are misleading us ... http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:highspeedspain.svg here is the plan , with a corridor connecting barcelona to granada . 
  you expected them to ignore madrid ? 
  the capital ? 
  cmon that 's just blind hate, 
  i think that 's for spaniards to decide and not the germans nor the der spiegel edit : you think people would respect more a president ? 
  lol, 
  neither turkey is ready for eu neither eu is ready for turkey, 
  so the balkans are a pretty fucked up place, 
  dane confirmed, 
  well , we are spending in interests the same we are spending in healthcare , 8mm $ / year, 
  i do n't like it either , been years since i last tasted it, 
  i had the worst physical education in highschool , all he wanted us to play was basketball , gymnastics and volley , all the other guys were playing football and this idiot made us do gymnastics and basketball :(, 
  but wait , there 's more !, 
  thanks , i did n't know about the android app , 
  i opened my inbox and read your message i thought you were portuguese and went to reply asking if you were crazy , but then i saw your flag ehh , i do n't know about greece , but in portugal they spent most of the money in roads/highways lol, 
  you just prove my idea that catalans are mainly anarchists, 
  last time i read about them they were being repaired/retrofit because apparently they were n't prepared for the atlantic ocean , more like the baltic sea and mediterranean . 
  note : turkey bought some of this submarines as well , and because greece ca n't be left behind they bought 4 just to keep up with the turks, 
  well with interests at 20 % and such ... 
  if you look at greek crisis in a cynical way it 's just the eu making sure the banks receive there money back, 
  unfortunetly most people think that , they do n't see that the roads they use , the highways that were built , the hospitals , the schools , etc , all had to be paid and contributed to the debt i do n't deny there 's high end corruptions , we bought 2 german submarines for $ 1bn that we do n't really need , although the military will tell you otherwise and i 'm no expert , although us diplomatic cables released at the time of wikileaks shows they share my views .
