  about the mosquitoes , that part of algarve seems to have a lot of those , went once to tavira and was eaten alive . 
  i usually go to lagos since i have a home there , it does n't have mosquitoes but it can be very windy . 
  it also has more to offer other than beaches , not much else but some more , there is the historical center , the castle , etc. 
  brussels i think , moscow was a bit scary . 
  what made you not like algarve ? 
  what time of the year have you been there ? 
  in september is nice , still hot enough and 1/3 of the tourists . 
  which european city is your favorite ? 
  and have you ever been to portugal ? 
  if so what did you think ? 
  lol , how did that go ? 
  knife ? 
  or grab and run ? 
  maybe you should n't have been shirtless in the restaurant ... seriously just because is hot and in the mediterranean does n't mean it 's the beach ... / s, 
  how so if greece is now on the 3rd bailout ? 
  if anything what siryza showed is that they are willing to play poker with the future of greece . 
  europe is in fact tired of the greek crisis because greeks are n't fulfilling and keep expecting the other countries will throw money at them . 
  because greeks have been blaming everyone but themselves , it 's the germans , it 's the corrupt politicians etc. . . 
  it 's a freaking democracy , you elected them . 
  except that the idea that the eurozone is defended by each state is what is keeping spain , italy , portugal , ireland and to a lesser extent france floating with relatively low interest rates , as soon as you pull the carpet and say `` each state on their own '' the rates are going to skyrocket and they became very susceptible to the markets speculations , what could have been a reasonable debt can became after speculation unbearable , it 's what happened with portugal in 2010 , the debt was n't that high ( lower than italy 's in % ) , but the speculation of the markets made it unbearable . 
  is it a good idea though ? 
  look at argentine , they are still recovering from their default , a default can be unpredictable , the population would suffer , lack of medicine , lack of food , prices rising ... 
  i see a lot of people saying defaulting is the magic cure , i do n't agree , it 's dangerous and unpredictable , not to mention the effects it might have on the markets and the consequent rises of % to other eurozone countries ... 
  you are making comments saying people should n't make comments criticizing greece because we are the `` eurozone '' and need to be friendly to each other ... that 's bullshit , i can criticize who ever i want , even my family , my neibour , my prime minister , etc. . . 
  it 's about economics , but if you want to address `` morality '' you can point your reply to sperrel , he was the one who mentioned morality ... 
  it was you who started talking about morality ... 
  i just answered . 
  what school analogies ? 
  morality has no borders or nationality , it 's a shame you ca n't see that . 
  you are one special kind . 
  you are those kind of people who do n't see europe has answered the solidarity call . 
  they have . 
  greece , and portugal for that matter , have been doing many things wrong . 
  greece has n't done all his homework , they have to . 
  grow up . 
  there are limits this is not a `` we give you money spend like you been spending till now '' ... each government has its own citizens , it 's not like they have a few billions to give away , some had to borrow to lend you , others have issues in their own country to address . 
  grow up . 
  europe has answered the call multiple times to help you do n't pretend they have n't and do n't think they must answer and not demand anything back . 
  when nobody was willing to lend you the eurozone did . 
  it comes with strings attached obviously because you , like we , had irresponsible governments ( for decades ) who drove the country to shit . 
  cut the wood , sell the wood ... get your so in there , you now have 2 he , it might not be much but it 's something and the idea of growing things out of the earth is attractive so some people . 
  i dont have anything against hiphop , except that empty hiphop without message , smoke week fuck bitchs kind of style . 
  i didnt try to stereotype anyone . 
  yes that 's what i was saying , it could be that or something sexual , the way she said she was `` happy she was a minor '' led me to think it was sexual though . 
   are you going on a `` hiphop is not music '' rant where did i said anything about that ? 
   he was 2pacs best friend . 
  that reference ... he has only remained relevant because of his drug use, 
  lolol , this is a guy who made into finance minister of a eurozone country . 
  complete lunatic . 
  ups . 
  does it get taxes ? 
  cause when i deposited it they asked me where it was from , mandatory to answer . 
  nah , the most ridiculous is that he 's only famous for his drug use , he does n't even make decent music but `` yo man da weedz !, 
  i once entered portugal with ~ 20k euros , is it illegal ? 
  lol damn, 
  2 years ago he did a concert in one of portugal 's summer concerts , i read in an article later that month a girl being interviewed and she said she loves the concert and at the end they asked her if she wanted to go to the backstage and she initially said yes , but they asked if she was over 18 , and she was n't ... she said it was the first time she was happy she was a minor . 
  interesting but not related , i wonder what was going on in the backstage ... 
  in greek, 
  hum , the blues, 
  as if turkey had done everything right ... 
  libya is, 
  you know isis is a terrorist group right ? 
  that have killed thousands of people ? 
  and who have been receiving help from turkey for a long time . 
  this makes turkish action even more despicable, 
  pkk is actively fighting isis ? 
  that 's what we are talking about here ... when you pay the interests you are sending money away . 
  it 's collective fault . 
  that 's democracy , we voted . 
  even though portugal has different problems from greece, 
  elaborate ? 
  you are sending money away via imports and deficits . 
  and you think the solution is funding from the central government, 
  calm down, 
  export more then , if you maintain a significant trade deficit and on top of that you keep borrowing money , it means you are living above your possibilities , and that 's no one 's fault but yours . 
  they the ones who acceotws6 , plus they were going to buy them in the first place , and it 's usually the buyer who asks that little incentive . 
  lol . 
  christians then . 
  ahah is it symbolic to have a fat man ( needs to cut on fat ) that steals stuff from the mail he should deliver representing the greek government ? 
  i like to think so , 
  what i mean is that it ca n't be treated like it 's just a thing . 
  it 's potentially a human being . 
  it 's a serious decision to make and people should n't vulgarize it . 
  in 2007 in the referendum i voted `` no '' , i voted against the right of women to terminate their pregnancy in public medical facilities . 
  last year in angola , i lived something that made me change my mind about it . 
  i got my gf pregnant and we initially did n't know what to do , we thought in abortion , abortion is illegal in angola , but `` there are ways '' , i got a contact of a cuban doctor i called him and he said he could do it and the cost was 300 $ , not cheap but not that expensive for someone qualified to terminate a pregnancy in a private clinic with all the hygiene and conditions required ... but expensive enough for 90 % of the population . 
  sometimes abandoned by their partners they face alone a hard choice in front of them , risk getting kicked out of their house and no where to go ? 
  if they have a job they might lose their job , and single with a children ? 
  `` who would marry them now ? '', 
  they do abortions in places preformed by people with very little idea of what they are doing , many die , others ca n't have any more children , it saddens me . 
  ( example i heard in the radio `` girl dies after taking rat poison subscribed to her by her neighbor who does illegal abortions '' and the comments in the radio , ostracizing her ) i am against abortion , we ultimately decided not to do it and we have a son i love so much . 
  i am against abortion but i understand it will keep happening , just because it 's illegal does n't mean people wo n't do it , some people do n't have the economical conditions to raise a child , some people do n't have the money to go to the private clinic where the daughters of the rich go , they go to that guy in that street ... and sometimes they die , because they do n't have the money . 
  certainly what they will become has a meaning , this decisions ca n't be done lightheartedly . 
  lol if it was the catholics protesting the pride parade the backlash from the leftists would make sweden tremble . 
  but because it 's some minority ... 
  i fucking hate them . 
  there should n't be any local where the police is afraid to enter . 
  if there is surround the place and send in the swat team equivalent and clean the neibourhood , search for weapons drugs and aliens in every home . 
  were n't they from north africa ? 
  sometimes in those ghettos,
