yeah , but guns let the stupid motherfuckers kill a lot more people . 
  this is just mindless ranting and raving . 
   you 're providing a wikipedia page to argue against an official census are you stupid or just too young to remember the referendum ? 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-21750909 http://www.falklands.gov.fk/results-of-the-referendum-on-the-political-status-of-the-falkland-islands/ the people of the falklands held a referendum to decide whether to remain a british territory , they overwhelmingly voted yes . 
   it 's well documented , it 's not worth revisiting . 
  tell me how she ` took advantage ' . 
  you 're trying to say she went to war for political gain , theres absolutely not a shred of evidence to support that . 
   i wish i was an `` edgy kid '' but you 're right , i do n't give a toss about anything `` positive '' thatcher did because the damage she caused is still playing out today ( i despise her tbh ) . 
  and im not a fan of blair but i still respect a lot of the things he did , you ca n't just blindly oppose everything about a pm simply because they were on the other team . 
   i imagine you must be an ex squaddie ( or wannabe )  honestly the vast majority of the public could n't give a shit you must be a troll . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/uk/2012/mar/20/falkland-islands-guardian-icm-poll if you honestly think most of the british public do n't care about british territory being possibly invaded , then you have lived a very closed life . 
  you must be convinced that your opinions are popular , maybe you should look at the polls to see which side of the fence is unpopular right now . 
  anti-missile batteries are defensive though , they are designed to shoot down russian missiles coming towards us . 
  british and falkland islander are exactly the same thing for almost every person on the islands . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/falkland_islands_sovereignty_referendum,_2013  [ sigh ] you do n't have to initiate something to taken advantage from it . 
  how did she ` take advantage ' ? 
  she sank the belgrano , ordered the task force to set sail , and led the governments response to the invasion personally . 
  if that won her votes then that is fine , if cameron would have won a falklands war in 2014 im sure he would have deserved a larger majority in last years election . 
  how could she avoid taking advantage of such an incredible success for her government ? 
  please tell me . 
   the first thing you 've said that i agree with  i think you 're just an edgy kid who does n't really give a toss about anything positive thatcher did because you have no real understanding of what happened in 1982 and what the falkland islanders want . 
  making the assumption that those on welfare vote ukip , when really a lot of the most disadvantaged people do n't vote at all . 
   2000 people who only identify themselves as ` british ' when they need help they have always identified as british , they fly our flag , they drink tea , they speak english , they have a representative in parliament , they are as british as a londoner or a scot . 
   it 's widely documented that thatcher used the falklands conflict to garner support for the upcoming election you 're an idiot , so thatcher planned the whole thing ? 
  any pm would have done the same in her position , including blair , brown , major , may and cameron . 
  the pm has a responsibility to protect british territory , she did n't go to war to win an election , she went to war because it was her duty to do so . 
  she tried her bloody hardest to avoid war , even offered the argies joint administration , but an invasion is something no good leader should tolerate . 
  thank god people like you will never reach a position of responsibility . 
   wake up i guess im just another sheep , whilst you 're the enlightened one . 
  what absolute rubbish , if you vote for a party you chose their manifesto and promises over each other party . 
  ukip has always said that they would cut to fund increases in armed forces expenditure , if you vote ukip you are voting for that amongst other things . 
  stop trying to change the result of last years election because you think britain needed a different government . 
  the sdf . 
  because we do n't want to end up like greece , trapped in a cycle of debt because we could n't control our spending . 
  more than 50 % of the electorate voted for pro-austerity parties in last years election ( tories 37 % , ukip 13 % , dup a couple more % ) . 
  austerity has a clear mandate . 
   i think it 's a side effect that comes with voting tories after swallowing their propaganda . 
  damn all that tory propaganda , have you ever been to the uk ? 
   what 's wrong with it ? 
  they are a remnant of colonialism its been british since before argentina was even a country , it was never populated with argentinians and the territory is internationally recognised as being british . 
  come to think of it , is argentina not just a remnant of colonialism ? 
  it speaks spanish for a reason . 
  well then you need to sort your priorities out , british territory being invaded and british citizens being forced to live under foreign rule is a far more important thing for the government to address compared to how pricey a return ticket to london is . 
   strangely people do care more about what actually affects their lives you 're just talking out your arse and you have no respect for what happened in 1982 . 
  and bombing people to uphold a dictatorship should n't be accepted either . 
  in a tv interview a few years ago he said he would support some degree of ` joint administration ' of the falklands with argentina , which is miles worse than any sort of ni style deal ( which would still be too far ) . 
  funny thing is that we offered them joint administration in 1982 , and they threw it back in our face and declared war . 
  the kurds do not make up the entire sdf though , it also includes brigades from the fsa and is probably the most effective fighting force in syria at the moment . 
  so are all rebels islamists then ? 
  of course / u/russia _ best_countrey would say that ... 
  the by elections were all in labour safe seats , hence why labour won each one , just like a tory is going to win camerons seat . 
   why is he called unelectable ? 
  the british public want less immigration , austerity , strong national defence . 
  corbyn wants more immigration , more spending , weaker national defence ( scrap trident , let the forces dry up , stop bombing isis ) . 
   his actual policies are , by and large , popular no they fucking are n't , immigration , defence and the economy are all the most important things for voters . 
  a majority of the electorate want less immigration , a majority of the electorate want strong national defence , a majority of the electorate supported pro-austerity parties in the election , corbyn has n't got a chance in 2020 and thats his own fault . 
   if you actually look at corbyn 's proposals ( nationalisation of railways , increased taxes on the rich , pro-green real policies , not empty talk like the tories ) , they are very popular . 
  you 're swedish so perhaps you do n't understand the priorities of the british electorate , but do you think we value the cost of a rail ticket over the protection of the falklands and the bombing of isis ? 
  i do n't think you understand what british voters want ... corbyn has supported the ira , joint administration of the falklands , and scrapping trident . 
  he is a pacifist who opposed the bombing of isis in syria and in iraq ( even though the iraqi government was begging for international assistance to save baghdad ) . 
  the british people do not agree with corbyn on any important level , sure we might want to nationalise the railways but that is nowhere near as important as the falklands and national security . 
  show me some of these islamist communiques being sent out by the sdf and their fsa affiliate brigades , please . 
   they all want an islamist country , even if not one as extreme as isis . 
  shows how much you generalise the middle east then does n't it ? 
  the choice is n't just between assad and isis , thats what putin and assad want you to think . 
  the syrian people have chosen to overthrow their dictator though ... 
  ` people in the empire need to be ruled with an iron fist , it works better for them , they could n't handle democracy ', 
  because having just assad worked so well before ? 
  well the government of cyprus agreed to let us keep the bases in 1960 , they did n't agree to the turkish invasion however ... 
  ireland had a rotating presidency ? 
  by under-covers do you mean unmarked cars ? 
  they are the firearms squads on routine patrols around the city , you get them in walsall as well as in kingstanding , small heath etc. 
  well no police are n't routinely armed in the rough parts of birmingham , but armed police squads are on standby just like everywhere in the country . 
  he was the leader of a terrorist group who helped bring it towards peace . 
  still a massive cunt responsible for the deaths of many people but a reformed one in the end who helped to stop further deaths from occurring . 
  denmark wants to rescue the oppressed danish minority from swedish neo-nazi control . 
  what are you on about ? 
  france and britain have no plans to scrap nuclear weapons and most likely wo n't in our lifetimes , and no other eu nation seeks nuclear weapons . 
  the eu has two nuclear nations , thats enough . 
  the eu just needs better conventional forces also . 
  most voters do n't even know who tim farron is . 
  they are n't lol , think about the tens of thousands of students out there who need to work zero-hours for convenience . 
  what about people who want to be on zero hours contracts , like students or people who want a second job ? 
  after britons , americans are the biggest users of this sub ... 
  i voted leave but i still would love the ukraine to join the eu , that country needs all the help it can get . 
  yeah but those old houses had no heating , no indoor toilets , thatched roofs , rotting woodwork etc. 
  houses get old and get knocked down , replaced with new ones . 
  remember that back then lots of european cities had slums , irelands eventually got cleaned up like ours did . 
  ireland does n't have ghost towns from the 1860s anymore if thats what you 're thinking . 
   they absolutely stank . 
  like they had n't showered in a week . 
  literally every time i take the bus theres at least one person stinking it out . 
   build an army with one major premise that there will be no war are you taking the piss ? 
  we 're not talking about who started the war , we 're talking about russia occupying georgian territory illegally . 
   what 's to stop the russians from pouring even more equipment into the donbass ? 
  i think they 've already given enough considering the rebels had russian army buk missiles , tanks , small arms , anti-tank weapons , drones ...  or launching air strikes ? 
  if russia launches airstrikes then its full blown war and they are the aggressor . 
  we should n't appease them though , putins doing exactly what hitler did . 
  stalingrad was probably closer to 2 million . 
  over 90 % of the german troops who got captured died in gulags before they were released in 1953 ...
