  wales and scotland already get more per capita than everyone else lol . 
  no im just saying its a bit silly for you to blame spains economic problems on a flirt with communism . 
   spain was soviet bitch in 1930s so yeah i think their 40 years of fascism had a bigger impact . 
  no surrender is a term used by the british towards our enemies traditionally ( catholics , germans etc ) , mainly towards the ira in the history of football but you 'll also hear it during the national anthem when we face germany or argentina . 
  greece was n't communist and neither were portugal and spain . 
  imagine if it was adjusted to each nation too , england would be fat as fuck . 
  ahahahahah thats actually perfect . 
   hamburg fans had a massive union jack with `` no surrender '' written on it before celtic played them thats pretty funny actually . 
  if you 're in nato we will help you , we 're no different from the us , we all have the same commitments . 
  when is mountain dew releasing ` hitler did nothing wrong ' ? 
  i do n't think you were , maybe he deleted his comment because he did n't like the idea of people accusing him of being racist . 
  they spend more as a percentage of gdp , but they also get a lot more for it considering their tanks , troops and planes are dirt cheap compared to ours . 
  for the price of 1 british soldiers wages and training you could probably train and pay 6 or 7 russian soldiers . 
  even with russias help it would probably take months or years to invade britain , scandinavia and the swiss . 
  the people voted out , shes has to provide that regardless of her personal beliefs . 
  hard to tell when its just letters on a webpage . 
   the only reason why germany managed to invade other countries was because back then we had a schengen zone for the military in europe wat . 
  a few border posts were n't going to stop panzers bro . 
   we cleared his house out in april after the amnesty had ended . 
  i called the local station and explainedthe situation . they told me i could sell it to them under amnesty . 
  i made them put it in writing . 
  thats when i handed in the revolver . 
  thats what fucked me . 
  i do n't think that 's fair . 
  sounds like you were just unlucky , you should be able to get an appeal for firearms ownership or just get a certificate in your wifes name . 
   are you from one of those posh little suburbs where everyone knows the local bobby and you compare your rifles over pimms and a scone ? 
  no quite the opposite im from walsall which is a shithole , a terror hotspot and ive got an interview tomorrow at a job by the worst school in the country . 
   and now they use the fact i had one that was illegal that i handed in during an amnesty why did you have an illegal firearm in the first place ? 
  i do n't really blame the police for denying you access to new firearms if thats the case mate , you screwed up . 
   i 'm ever getting burgled at least i 'm not defenceless . 
  you 're going to use a bow and arrow in your house ? 
  although i completely agree with you , the main opponent the saudis are facing in yemen are the houthis who are n't sunni and oppose al-qaeda . 
  houthis are backed by iran so it kind of throws a spanner in the works . 
   police do n't give a fuck what the law says when they 're dishing out their decisions . 
  okay so just descend into your anti-authority rant ...  one person in an office in a police hq somewhere so ? 
  you can always re-apply or appeal a decision , if you 're getting denied its for a good reason , these cops are n't out to stop you . 
  like i said , the police go to gun shows to fast track paperwork to make it easier for us !, 
   not all convictions are relevant but your age when they were committed and the length of time without re-offending are factors which are considered in addition to the seriousness of the offence . 
  so its not the slightest criminal record , if you 're a repeat adult offender then you 're going to get it rightfully denied . 
  its handled on a case by case basis , stop spreading bullshit . 
  http://hub.unlock.org.uk/knowledgebase/firearms-licence-holder/  if you have received a custodial sentence of 3 years or more then you are prohibited for life good . 
  im not aware of the fact that a driving offence stops you from owning firearms . 
  what exclusions ? 
  you get the forms , sign them , post them , pay a fee , maybe you 'll go to a gun club to register and get some help with the paperwork , then once its all signed off you get your gun . 
  some gun shows have police there so you can literally go right up and add a new firearm to your certificate , so that you can buy a gun then and there !, 
  its not hard , we just do n't have a gun culture . 
  they are n't impossible to obtain , you just sign some forms and pay a fee for a certificate . 
   who would have known funnily enough enoch powell . 
  the uk has signed an international agreement not to make anyone stateless though . 
  the secretary of state has the power to do it but we wo n't . 
  why are you always on here getting really edgy over britain lol you need to chill dude nobody cares . 
  shit guess im an imperialist guys :(, 
  very few nations with bad human rights are actually going through the enlightenment though , they have either already completed it ( russia , china ) or they are nowhere near even starting it ( somalia , sudan , mali ) . 
  the saudis are one of the few peoples actually going through this process and the speed is getting quicker and quicker , why throw a spanner in the works ? 
   they 're only doing this because the heat is stacking up against them no they 're doing it because they are slowly turning more liberal just like our european nations did over the past few hundred years , the saudi youth are far more liberal than even their parents are . 
   they will never have equal rights for women and homosexuals im sure people were saying that in britain during the 19th century too . 
   sanction saudi arabia not going to stop terrorism , its only going to isolate them and make it worse . 
  they are n't going to see the error of their ways and suddenly love gay people and equal rights no matter what we fucking do , this takes time . 
  we gave ourselves hundreds of years to enlighten , at least give them a few decades . 
  true , the czechs could have held their own had attlee not told you guys to give it all up . 
  i wonder if ukraine could have held the east if we had intervened :(, 
  more soldiers died on the first day of the somme than in all of those wars combined ... perhaps thats why we still engaged in colonial conflicts . 
  they expected us to attack from the west even though the germans had this ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/siegfried_line, 
  france did launch an attack on germany but they had the siegfried line , we struggled to bust through it in 1945 let alone in 1939 . 
  would you be saying that if you had lived through the horrors of ww1 ? 
  sanctions would n't accomplish anything though . 
  south africa at least had an oppressed minority , if we isolate and sanction saudi they will only turn away from their enlightenment . 
  lol he was with 3 other guys i would have got the shit kicked out of me , had another muslim guy the same day in birmingham city center come up to me and asked if i was a soldier too ( but in an obviously angry way its hard to explain ) . 
  and in walsall of all places , for those of you who do n't know its a bit of an extremist hotspot . 
  people up the road from me got arrested for funding isis and a few people have traveled to syria to join is . 
  i got called a british army bastard in walsall the other day just because i had a camo backback on lol , not a safe place for these guys . 
  i do n't think the bengali famine in 1943 was an act of genocide , yet i would get banned on / r/india if i expressed my view there , despite it being a genuine historical argument . 
  people should be allowed to have honest discussions about history . 
  which had just formed an alliance with nazi germany and taken half of poland before invading finland ... 
  the leaders of denmark , norway and sweden all knew that germany posed a threat but did n't adequately prepare for war and work together , even with britain and france prepared to help them . 
  i think by the time germany invaded austria , czechoslovakia and poland in conjunction with the soviet union it was clear in the minds of every decent nation in europe that nazi germany was the threat , not the uk or france . 
  and had sweden , norway and denmark actually joined the allies sooner and organised a mutual defence of scandinavia the war might have gone differently . 
  and what would have been wrong with getting the scandy nations fighting against nazi germany considering 2 of them would later be occupied ? 
  sweden would have been more good as a member of the allies rather than a neutral power turning a blind eye to the biggest evil europe has ever seen . 
  we ca n't read finnish . 
   deplorable that the allies just ignored the whole thing we were going to send troops with the french to help the finns , but you swedes were one of the countries which refused to give us passage . 
  we had more important things to worry about in 1939 and 1940 to be honest . 
  plus we would have sent troops with the french but sweden , norway and denmark all refused to give us passage . 
  im pretty sure some swedish nationals took part in terror attacks in europe . 
  im pretty sure some swedish nationals took part in terror attacks in europe . 
  im pretty sure some swedish nationals took part in terror attacks in europe . 
  no , its an opinion . 
  i think may would be better for the country than corbyn . 
  you ca n't just tell me that my opinion is wrong and that yours is ` fact ' , fucking loonies . 
  she wants to make it easier to deport foreign islamists , is that a bad thing ? 
  she wants to change human rights laws so its easier to deport islamists from other countries , do you disagree with that ? 
  or should we let them stay in our country to pose a threat to us ? 
   may is a complete disaster . 
  regardless of whos saying it , you ca n't just turn a blind eye to criticism of corbyn . 
  some of what the sun is saying are genuine criticisms of corbyns labour , even if others are far fetched . 
  im not going to vote for may just to spite the mirror , im going to vote for her for the right reasons . 
  thats not really how you should look at it . 
  well todays the day , act with your vote . 
  do n't vote for someone who opposes the shoot to kill policy , vote for someone whos willing to change human rights legislation to make it easier to deport foreign islamists . 
   republican terrorists still have a big presence in ireland they have a presence , but they are n't currently seeking violence for political aims , they have sinn fein now .
