  the pira almost entirely disarmed , any remaining terrorists are operating as lone wolves or in disorganised small cells . 
  there is no major terror organisations left in ireland . 
  i do n't really think you understand what i was saying , like everyone else who downvoted me . 
  the main parties do not pay attention to ni during the election , because they are n't fucking getting elected there . 
  the dense fucks on this sub really ca n't understand how elections work in the uk . 
  no its just ni has its own political parties that are different from the main parties of the uk , therefore their election is rather separate from ours . 
  i do n't really think we should tolerate people being murdered in the street because some think we 're going to go full 1984 , we 're not . 
  most countries have pipe bomb attacks for a number of different reasons . 
   they 're only killing two dozen people a year how many of these are murders of innocent civilians and police , and how many are related to the ` ira ' acting as a gang to control the drug supply etc ? 
  but theres little threat it was going to be used , it was probably just an old stash like what keeps being found in ni ( bags of rusty guns in the woods etc ) . 
  there is no major terror group operating in ni anymore , the real ira is n't a major threat . 
  that was in the republic , its probably just an old stash of explosives the pira got from gadaffi . 
  depends on how its broken , a hard brexit border will probably lead to an increase in violence and protest . 
  they 're called the real ira and i do n't think serving coppers have been killed for a couple years now , although police/prison cars have had pipe bombs put under them i believe and bombs planted in public have been designed to kill police . 
  the troubles are n't going to start again unless something drastic happens in ni . 
  a couple of pipe bombs and gang crime is n't as dangerous as the ira used to be , especially since the pira has disarmed and the only people still fighting the troubles are operating outside its structure . 
  islamism is the far bigger threat in the uk . 
  true , but that does n't mean they will impact the result of the election . 
  but hes not going to get elected , as the main parties of ni almost always win the seats in the commons ( dup , sdlp , sf , uup ) . 
  the tories have no reason to actually try to win seats in ni . 
  true , but we are picking the government . 
  criticise the tories after they win , do n't criticise them for turning a blind eye to ni issues during an election where they do n't win seats in ni . 
   ni issues are , unsurprisingly , really important to people in ni . 
  yeah which is why they vote for ni parties which will never reach government in the uk . 
   the election decides the government for the whole uk but the mps elected in ni do not impact who forms a government or not , unless its a hung parliament and the tories need the dup or labour needs the sdlp . 
  ni has its own politics , its own political parties and its own assembly , ni is a sidenote for the rest of the uk in this election . 
  i do n't think it really needs to be said , ni issues are n't really important in the general election anymore . 
  lol im getting downvoted for stating the truth , ni has its own parties so why should the tories and labour try to appeal to the ni electorate for votes ? 
  i doubt the powers would be used in ni since theres little threat of republican/unionist terrorism anymore . 
  no , because he supported another terrorist group whilst he was an mp . 
   i am much more comfortable with a life imprisonment for terror suspects in order to keep our society safe whats that quote about ` first they came for the communists and i did nothing , then they came for the socialists and i did nothing ' etc. 
  no they get locked up , anjem choudry is the most famous example of an is recruiter getting locked up . 
  also any returning is fighters get sent to prison too , you can get 15 years just for sending money to is . 
   they are still enemy fighters plotting their next attack . 
  im not sure if im comfortable with life imprisonment for people who have n't commit murder or rape . 
  if they were involved in recruiting they would get locked up , if they had been fighting in syria or libya for a terror group they would get locked up . 
  if they 've been in jail before then they have a spent conviction , you ca n't lock them up permanently . 
  they were only sympathisers up until they started plotting the attack , you ca n't arrest someone for having thoughts you disagree with ( unless those thoughts involve them planning to harm others ) . 
  but not all of these guys are enemy ` fighters ' , just enemy sympathisers . 
  in the middle of a total war i might understand detaining nazi sympathisers etc , but i do n't think we 're there yet . 
  i bet in a few years my views would have changed though . 
  im not convinced yet , do the risks of implementing ` thought crime ' outweigh the positives ? 
   make praising isis illegal see i would agree with it on one level , but on another level it sounds like a bad idea . 
  it would n't stop people praising isis and would only push them further underground , and prosecuting people for thought crimes is a slippery slope . 
  the police probably knew about him , especially after the broadcast , but they ca n't arrest somebody for being a radical islamist unless they believe they are preaching hate speech , encouraging people to join a terror group , or are preparing acts of terror . 
  same way that the police would n't arrest a radical anarchist unless they were building pipe bombs etc. 
   could n't those be stripped if a citizen is known to be preaching radical islam and waving isis flags ? 
  some are arguing that radical islamists should be detained and deported etc , im not entirely convinced by the legitimacy of the idea though . 
  this is the sort of thing i would have expected on trumps twitter a while back . 
  well the ira had the military being deployed throughout ni , helicopters getting shot down , pm almost getting assassinated , basically a war on british soil . 
  we 're not quite there yet with islamic terrorism but i would agree that its only going to get worse . 
  you think we should negotiate with the leadership of isis ? 
  also how do you negotiate with terror cells separated but inspired by isis ? 
  nah the ira killed a lot more people , and a lot more politicians in particular , this was outside of ni too . 
  bbc reporter who had just arrived at the scene said that before he went on air he heard around 4 gunshots . 
  liberty has to be sacrificed for greater security in all societies , its just some go further than others . 
  italy has had huge problems with its media in recent decades , the fact that their leader was also their head media mogul with dodgy links to the mafia is a good sign that somethings wrong . 
  its russia mate , its not uncommon for opponents of putin to get fucked up in imaginative ways . 
  you 're paying for the food in a restaurant , junker was a guest . 
  hes not our problem anymore either , he resigned as leader of ukip and spends his time on fox news defending trump . 
  https://winstonchurchill.hillsdale.edu/did-churchill-cause-the-bengal-famine/ https://www.winstonchurchill.org/resources/in-the-media/churchill-in-the-news/without-churchill-indias-famine-would-have-been-worse the priority was the war effort , he stopped the canadians sending grain but instead got the ozzies to do it instead . 
  he personally asked roosevelt to send ships , but roosevelt declined because the war against japan was the priority for the us fleet . 
  is roosevelt responsible for the famine also ? 
   brits and their historical revisionism . 
  europeans and their dislike of britain and refusal to look at both sides . 
  smh . 
  its wrong to paint something as complex as the bengal famine as a genocide and then compare anyone who says it was n't man made to the soviets . 
  there are arguments for both sides and its ridiculous to support one purely out of a hatred for the british empire . 
   this is very debatable . 
  ive literally spent hundreds of hours trawling over this famine and the history of famine in india , british administration and irrigation projects by 1907 had successfully broken to constant cycle of famine which had plagued india for thousands of years . 
  churchill himself begged roosevelt to provide ships to resupply india , but was turned down as war commitments took priority . 
  poor weather , the demands of war and the continued use of outdated farming techniques all contributed to the famine more that poor british administration did . 
  so britain united under the banner of the eu is fine but britain united under the banner of the union flag is terrible ?? 
  i for one believe in self determination and it should be the people of ni who decide what nation they are a part of . 
  bengal 1943 is a complex situation and you ca n't just claim it was genocide , theres plenty of evidence out there that shows churchill tried his best to get the ozzies and americans to send supplies and the famine was not ` man made ' or the fault of the british . 
  sing up the donetsk people 's republic too whilst you 're at it . 
  very good point , the bbc is obviously biased in some way towards western and english speaking news . 
   especially with you ignoring about 70 % of my post ... 
  i really do n't care about what a hungarian politician did or did n't say regarding islam , its barely newsworthy in the uk anyways . 
  newstatesman is notorious for being left leaning and most of its points do n't make sense . 
   tories get more airtime than labour because they are in government , and they get more than in 2012 because they are n't in coalition anymore and politics is occupying more and more newstime . 
   a win for euroscepticism it then goes on to critice the bbc for giving the 2007 lisbon treaty so much airtime ... even though the lisbon treaty was a massive political event for all of europe ? 
  apparently reporting on eu events , be they positive or not , is euro-scepticism . 
   business as usual they criticise the bbc for having business leaders on the air , and not having enough union members . 
  but the role of the unions is nowhere near as important as business leaders in our post-thatcher society ? 
   city voices its obvious that during a financial crisis you would get people from the world of finance to comment on it , rather than jo blogs the shipbuilder . 
  there is no ` hard evidence ' in that article that the bbc is right wing , and i can imagine there are hundreds of articles in the daily mail and telegraph arguing that there is hard evidence that the bbc is left wing . 
  just accept that the bbc slates both sides of the political argument and give it a rest . 
  electable as pm is what im obviously talking about , considering that he is leader of the opposition . 
   bbc to once in a while do a report on corbyn that is n't a hit piece that could have come straight from tory hq the thing is , corbyn has so much baggage and so many problems its hard not to report positively on him . 
  hes had votes of no confidence , cabinet resignations , leadership challengers , being slagged off by his own mps and former labour pms , ira/hamas scandals , pacifism , opposing the bombing of isis and being mugged off by hilary benn . 
   the right complains about any media outlet that does n't paint migrants as the root of all evil . 
  and the left complains about any media outlet that does n't pain corbyn as an electable politician . 
  so who are they biased towards then ? 
  because both the left and right have said that their reporting on the migrant crisis , syria and the eu has been biased . 
  the bbc does present facts and its political commentators are notorious for getting politicians to stop fucking around ( andrew neil for example ) . 
  the bbc is probably the most unbiased news service in the world and im very grateful we have it . 
  biased towards who ? 
  ukip says the bbc has a left wing agenda and corbynistas accuse the bbc of being biased against him and pushing an anti-corbyn agenda . 
  its pretty clear that the bbc is n't biased , they just treat all politicians the same and thus get criticised by everyone .
