true but not really relevant . 
  exactly this . 
  i hope not . 
  europe is already losing a generation of young people . 
  the race to the bottom . 
  germany is tasting it 's own medicine . 
  who does n't like horse meat ? 
  this is just sad . 
  you mean after what happened in 1945-1989 ? 
  i have and i certainly can do without another semi-despot controlled by moscow . 
  is this a joke ? 
  anecdotes , by definition are . 
  replying so i can check later . 
  but frau merkel insists !, 
  the dog 's bollocks ? 
  yea its beautiful . 
  it is awfully pointless though . 
  you can drink too , if you really need to . 
  does n't matter really . 
  anygood cottage by a lake will do . 
  if you want to sail/boat around go to the larger ones like saimaa . 
  the thing is , russian leaders have unfortunately never had any interest in the well being of russians . 
  the people are just a tool , a means to their glory . 
  damn i hate our fugly parliament . 
  we should swap with andorra !, 
  the news . 
  i wonder why this is allowed . 
  these petitions and the guys tieing strings around your finger made me quite not like the city . 
  in paris they had these fake petitions everywhere . 
  i think it tends to divide older people . 
  to many kekkonen is a hero , to some a traitor . 
  younger people like me hear the stories and feel incredulous . 
  it is actually well written and interesting . 
  it 's savonian  i like the version with rutabaga better . 
  [ your words are like the buzzing of the flies in my ears ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-nlvxug0tcs4/tpm2l_ygaii/aaaaaaaaafg/vyi61s-0qne/s1600/dsc_5972.jpg ), 
  all of those are great !, 
   potk\u00e4se wow that looks disgusting . 
  no problem mate . 
  yeah i sure do !, 
  yeah it 's great though a bit unstable for me . 
  i have been really happy with mine . 
  here by the south coast summers are mild with daily highs around averaging around 20c . 
  during the winter -5 c is average with short periods of up to -20 c happening regularly . 
  mainland is hotter during the summer and colder during the winter . 
  i took it with my lumia 1020 , which is the nicest phone ever built into a camera . 
  i purposefully took a picture of a stereotypical finnish summer landscape . 
  the 1020 has a pretty wide field of view so landscapes come out nicely . 
  it 's spelled kotka ( literally means `` an eagle '' ) . 
  just a boring industrial paper mill city . 
  luckily it 's by the baltic sea though !, 
  the one we never had !, 
  http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/kingdom_of_finland_ ( 1918 ) such a fun piece of history there . 
  long live the republic , 
  holy shit it 's like they were planning world domination up there . . oh wait . 
  while i 'm sure there are some reasons for what emea are doing the current situation is unbearable . 
  dr goldacre is brilliant and i do trust him a lot . 
  will they work in rain and snow ? 
  google 's car does n't . 
  i watch cat videos on youtube . 
  america 's adventures in the middle east do n't give russia the freedom to get all imperialistic in ukraine . 
  thanks alot for the translation . 
  to be fair the working class is going to be the one suffering if we import a large amount of unskilled labor . 
  we are in big trouble . 
  do n't comment on stuff you know nothing about . 
  oh he has, 
  i do n't have any experience from abroad so ca n't really compare . 
  yes . 
  nowadays people come to me mostly by referral so i 'm shielded from the worst of this , 
  unless you are truly horribly injured you wont have surgery before the morning anyway . 
  shift work is detrimental to health , and would propably lower the quality of elective work . 
  historical reasons . 
  cost . 
  oppositions by doctors themselves . 
  also very few medical situations are truly emergencies . 
  most of the stuff we see in the er could be treated the next morning , especially in my field . 
  i 'm a doctor so i have to do it regularly . 
  no stuff does not make much sense during the night . 
  come to the hospital during office hours people !, 
  you ca n't have rich people suffering . 
  ordinary folk have endured through human history . 
  they are all too happy to demand of others what they abhor back home . 
  well somebody was angry enough to shoot him once already . 
  the current one is full of idiots and clowns i hope it crumbles . 
  do n't talk about the people of finland . 
  i find the way this crisis has been handled highly offensive . 
  even finland is suffering for it , at this point the euro project benefits only germany . 
  it is hardly krugman 's fault that the elite in northern europe is so obsessed with punishing the misfortunate . 
  it 's sickening how the big banks get their reckless debts immediately socialized while ordinary greeks suffer for years on end . 
  and all this in the name of morality . 
  the lack of a fiscal union has everything to do with the prolonged crisis . 
  the euro is fatally flawed . 
  it seems the swedish political elite is really painting itself into a corner . 
  what does the swan lake have to do with the coup ? 
  fargo was there 2 times . 
  i guess it 's ok since it 's 2 times better than anything else . 
  ouch . 
  50 000 german soldiers died taking france . 
  that does n't count as a fight to you ? 
  yeah its celsius . 
  it got cold enough only recently for the sea to start freezing over .
