  which i have yet to unlock, 
  no doubt about it . 
  what makes people like this td ? 
  i mean it has paper for armour , slow turrent traverse and a below average traverse speed in general . 
  though it is fast , it is a piece of cake to turn it into a heap of scrap metal . 
  the chinese type t-34 is base on the soviet t-34 . 
  and the chinese have their own tech tree . 
  aww yeah !, 
  we are the weekend warriors !, 
  defqon .1 here i come !, 
  i used to play this no-life when before i went to high school . 
  then homework became a part of my life and i stopped playing it completely . 
  my skills have become rusty overtime , whenever i get the chance to play it i really enjoy it . 
  old but gold !, 
  i was raised as a christian but my parents never raised me as one . 
  and i thank them for that . 
  i respect every religious group except the filth of the word , the jews . 
  i mostly admire hitler because of what he did for his people in such a short period of time . 
  twats, 
  i miss this part :, 
  `` they 're making a left turn ! '', 
  you have to be patient . 
  i signed myself up almost 4 months ago and got my invite to play the closed beta just 1 month ago . 
  it takes some time . 
  oh wow , i dind ' t realise it was an event . 
  i do n't play it that often so maybe that 's why i 'm not up-to-date of the latest news . 
  mistakes are to learn from anyway . 
  a finnish player that had the style and quickness of a south european/american player . 
  i 'm honoured to be named after this legend !, 
  here , have a upvote . 
  i reckon that was a heated battle . 
  i was banned for a week some time ago . 
  some turds started claiming they were from israel . 
  then i asked them the following : `` is it true that all people in israel are jewish ? '', 
  from my curiosity . 
  and then after i finished the game i was banned for , believe it or not , `` anti-semitism '', 
  `` for he to-day that sheds his blood with me , shall be my brother '', 
  i know how this feels , carrying the entire team and losing to some low grade greenhorn having a lucky time . 
  upvotes , makes people feel good about themselves . 
  it is like virtual karma . 
  i simply do n't give a single shit about anybody talking trash about me . 
  they are less than the filth under my shoes , that 's how i think . 
  i eat my fingernails untill it starts to bleed . 
  a sabertooth tiger in the size of a small kitten . 
  i have the same problem , well . . sort of . 
  i can eat everything i want but my body just refuses to gain weight . 
  on a regular day i eat about 3400 calories , i smoke 9 cigs a day , goto the 2 times a week and i still weigh 65kg for a 17y old teenager . 
  weird is n't it ? 
  anyway . 
  just confront him with it , that 's what i would do . 
  what is n't ? 
  oh well , now i know . 
  thanks for that , here have an upvote . 
  fortunately i 'm not one of those schmucks . 
  i 'm just curious and eager to learn new things i do n't know anything about . 
  dubstep, 
  pure nostalgia . 
  it is not the size son , it 's how you use it . 
  you got ta give and get respect . 
  combat distances have n't changed alot really if you ask me . 
  you adapt to it yourself . 
  i reckon that is the peek and shoot tactic since the calculation of armour penetration has changed . 
  if you reffer to the nerf of heat ammo on the low tier dero guns , then most definitly . 
  i reckon that it is mostly there to atract more greenhorns to the game and do n't quit at t3 because of the sealclubbers with derp guns . 
  this is all my opinion about it . 
  my tiger i has the nickname `` jolly joachim '', 
  jolly because everytime i play it makes me laugh when other tank commanders think that they can take on my tiger and get reduced to scrap . 
  joachim because of the famous waffen-ss officer that served in the leibstandarte-ss `` adolf hitler '' ( lifeguard of charlie chaplin ) and commanded a brigade of tiger i 's and ii 's during the battle of the bulge in 1944/45 . 
  the t-34 is my non-premium money maker . 
  i have my 1st skill on almost 50 % now and have vents , rammer and a gun laying drive on it and has a shot ready every 2 seconds or so . 
  dpm is around 2300 . 
  low repair cotst , low ammo costs , highly profitable ( even when defeated ! ), 
  we brew our own moonshine . 
  i will start having conversations with myself about subjects like cars , women , religion , history and many more . 
  do n't go in the girls bathroom . 
  i feel sorry for you . 
  but you did clean up afterwards , did you ? 
  2 hours , i got a nutshot from a football . 
  ( soccer whatever you americans call it ), 
  puns, 
  been caught fapping . 
  the entire eu server just shut down for some reason . 
  a few seconds later it was back up and running . 
  this happend for all the players . 
  what could be the cause it this ? 
  i currently use an optic mouse . 
  ms-tech sm-x35 , i got this thing for about 10 euros and performs great . 
  a nice design which fits my hand perfectly with dpi settings of 800 , 1200 , 1600 and 2000 . 
  and best yet , multiple functional buttons on the side and anti-slippery gribs when your hands get sweaty . 
  the entire eu server crashed . 
  ( eu1 and eu2 ), 
  i suppose the server synchronised or something , but that 's just what i think . 
  i think they synchronised the servers . 
  does n't mean it has to be true . 
  antway , it is weird wg dind ' t mention it on the forum . 
  that giant tumor on this tank is a major drawback . 
  looks great from my perspective . 
  but i really hope they think out the controls carefully , because they ruined it with wowp for me . 
  anyway , i ca n't wait for closed beta to arive , 
  any name that ends with `` lynn ' at the end .
