  napoleon dynamite , the type of dynamite that 's never going to bang . 
  is killing a loltraktor in a t8 match considered as tk aswell when he serves no use at all than to making us have less chance of winning ? 
  this might be relevant, 
  [ tutorial how not to be seen ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zekizysvdeq ), 
  i 'm allready excited for the new update , 
  queens of the stoneage, 
  i regret using 9gag before i discovered reddit . 
  why ? 
  it is full of this [ shit ] ( / r/im14andthisisfunny ), 
  a camo bonus for this would be nice . 
  your mom so fat she had to be baptized at sea world . 
  because it is free . 
  my name is jari and it stands for `` helmeted warrior '' in finnish . 
  it think that is quite cool . 
  and becauae people ca n't pronounce my name in english propperly it sounds like jerry . 
  from the cartoon serie tom & jerry . 
  cheap petrol, 
  holland : windmills , wooden clogs , tulips and semi-legalized weed . 
  [ / stereotype ], 
  texting while driving a vehicle . 
  as a light tank you are not really supposed to deal damage to enemies . 
  your main duty is spotting for your team . 
  it is quite a big tank aswell which means it 's camo value is low aswell . 
  good choice , the elc amx is a tank you can never go wrong with . 
  nails on a blackboard , it drives me nuts !, 
  on teh interwebz . 
  it 's not the tier that matters but it is how you use it . 
  if you are reffering to low tier battles then , yes . 
  it does pay off in the end though . 
  the amx12t is even worse imo . 
  it also heavily depends on what kind of matchmaking you will get if you ask me . 
   but you have not played most of the high-end lights at all, 
  that is totally true and the main reason for that is that i do n't like to be put in t9 matches when i 'm a amx12t because even when we are winning i ca n't do any damage to the remaining tanks . 
  ( you can also say it in a way that i 'm utter crap and no use at all in such a match ), 
  i tried the best i could but i 'm not a scout tank commander at all . 
  i will stick with my mt 's and ht 's . 
  i will check it when i get home from work . 
  thanks for the suggestion . 
  cheers mate . 
  mobility and dpm . 
  i like tanks that can respond aswell as adapt to the ever changing battlefield called world of tanks . 
  doing as much damage as possible before the enemy even knows you are shooting at him . 
  this is what i most value of a tank . 
  when you are new to the game this might be impressive , but once you get enough personal experience you wo n't even be impressed if you make a 30k profit in a t5 game anymore . 
  [ ms-tech sm-x35 ] ( http://www.ms-tech.de/eng/index.php/product/detail/pdcid/41/pdid/200 ), 
  a great budget gaming mouse , that 's whyat i can say about it . 
  it only costs around 10 euros :p, 
  pearl jam - even flow, 
  my favorite song evah !, 
  get and give respect . 
  at my internship . 
  ( i do n't get paid for it unfortunately ), 
  i was going to visit my aunt together with my mom when i was like 5 years of age or so . 
  and she had this dog named `` charles '' , it was a small bulldog . 
  i playing fetch with charles but at one moment he did n't fetch the ball so i had to get it myself . 
  as i proceeded to bend over to get the ball , charles just humped me from behind . 
  i thought at that age he was hugging me because he loved me so i did the same to him . 
  at that same moment my mom and aunt were watching my hump the dog ... 
  i really feel stupid 12 years later on from now . 
  people like different things . 
  but i like hardstyle the most to be honest . 
  hardstyle is an offspring from the hardcore culture that was very popular in holland during the 1990 's . 
  totally agree on the schindler 's list . 
  somebody who knows everything where other people simply do n't give a single fuck about . 
  can you just imagine the amount of splash damage on a shell that thing shoots ? 
  i 've been there aswell when i was on a holiday on a bungalow park in the vicinity of the museum . 
  i will try to search the photos that i took from there but i doubt it that i have them . 
  i see it more as a `` drive-by '' scout imo . 
  i wait for the right oppertunity and run past them get a shot off and getting the hell out of dodge again . 
  it is certainly a tank that be played in many different styles when it is the hands of a compotent tank commander . 
  the fatal1ty headset is a great headset . 
  though it was introduced around 2007 i still think it is one of the best gaming headsets . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.myfreecams.com/#missalice_18 ), 
  nice video !, 
  great job , 
  cruising around in my pzkpf.ii always works , 
  i bought it twice and sold it twice . 
  now i have the t-34-85 i think i how the vk3002d plays . 
  i will give it a third chance . 
  carrying a game like that ? 
  wow , you did a hell of a job there . 
  well , what can you do about it ? 
  teams can be jerks from time to time . 
  i hope i will , i heard some great things about it from other players . 
  i had the same thing . 
  just log off and log in back again and you will be fine . 
  ( no need to restart wot ), 
  i 'd hit dat ass . 
  why are chinese tanks always so happy ? 
  they have no depression . 
  i had an is crew that was on 220 % and i dismissed the crew because i dind ' t know that i could use them on the is-3 . 
  when i later found out i felt like a real noob . 
  t-34 is the tank for me . 
  the fast rate of fire , good accuracy and reasonable aiming time of the zis-4 gun is just amazing . 
  the reload time of the gun is just above 2 seconds with each shell having 112pen en 85dmg . 
  the great thing is that most players underestimate this tank and get torn apart by the dpm of this machine . 
  once they do notice that this tank is `` tickling '' them it is to late to respond . 
  apart from the somewhat sluggish acceleration it is a great tank once you know how to play it . 
  i 'm not to sure what to chose for the vk3601h but i do know what to recommend for the jagdpanzer iv . 
  get camouflage for all jagdpanzer iv crew members since you are a td .
