this track is ill man , i really like it . 
  thanks for posting , 
  i told her to goto the kitchen , and she made me a wrap :d, 
  but she really is good though , no questions asked hands down . 
  my pleasure mate , 
  calling this rap is the same as looking at a girl but when she turns around she is ugly . 
  that tune is really catchy , the tracks is great too . 
  thanks for posting , 
  vinnie paz is one of my favorite lyrical rappers . 
  and this track is no exception , it 's just great :d, 
  thanks for posting mate , 
  but still i ca n't get enough of it . 
  or mabye that is just me ... :o, 
  sounds more like hip hop to me . 
  as rap it is in my opinion not that great . 
  but as a hip hop song i will listen it . 
  keep it up , 
  i really enjoyed listening to this . 
  a great track, 
  wow just ... wow . 
  this track is great , it is musi to my ears , really . 
  thanks for posting !, 
  how can this track only have just over 4000 views ? 
  really good track , thanks for posting . 
  but this is more hip hop than a rap :o, 
  they are a group of rappers . 
  what do you mean with `` this song is too much '' ? 
  one of the most lyrical rap tracks ever made !, 
  this is not really what you call `` rap '' . 
  but i 'm sure some people will like it . 
  brother ali is a great rapper . 
  you should listen to his track named `` shadows on the sun '' . 
  if you consider this autotuned sh * t track as rap then you are allready lost . 
  he sucks ... no wait that 's not right . 
  he swallows !, 
  this is a rap section for a reason !, 
  i ca n't understand a word of what they are saying but the beat is dope . 
  this is a really dope track . 
  this is album is going into my christmas wishlist , thanks mate for posting . 
  this is whack . 
  this is one of the many many underestimated tracks out there . 
  at some points the beat does n't really fit with the lyrics , but who am i to say that . 
  great job !, 
  this is actually very good compared to all the `` wiz khalifa '' shit that has been posted lately on this subreddit . 
  i do n't het it why this link has almost no upvotes ? 
  i mean for a beginning rapper he is fairly good . 
  you have my upvote . 
  the lyrics are just hilarious xd, 
  the film `` brest fortress '' is also a recommendation that i 'm gon na put up here . 
  he is a south-korean actor by the name of choi seung-hyun . 
  he plays in this movie as the character of oh jung-beom . 
  i hope this clears it up for you . 
  that is so f * cking sweet !, 
  what kind of christmas gift did you gave your gf ? 
  i would beat his ass right away, 
  mobb deep is just dope . 
  vista ... seriously . 
  i have no words for his stupidity . 
  big l and slim shady, 
  why are you posting this in the subreddit rap ? 
  lil wayne is n't a rapper , he is a straight busta studio wanksta . 
  this is an embarrassment for this subreddit . 
  a really great track . 
  thanks for posting mate !, 
  smoking weed before it was cool . 
  i listen to this rap almost all the time . 
  this is what rap is all about . 
  upvote from me , thanks for posting , 
  true story , unfortunately, 
  ai n't nobody got time for that . 
  i was charging with my loltraktor into open ground and shouting . 
  `` i 'm invincible !! 1 ! '', 
  turned out that it was n't that smart . 
  i got a boner on a funeral ... 
  i 'm not proud of it at all . 
  i consider everything to be food . 
  unless it is food for `` black '' people . 
  r.i.p eric wright, 
  you are lucky i 'm mellow, 
  nice track you posted man !, 
  appreciate it alot !, 
  world of derps, 
  regardless if itis an april fools joke or not , it is still a fantastic idea . 
  empireerwinrommel does wot videos aswell . 
  not that often but his 2 videos that he has are quiet fun to watch . 
  weird kitchen . 
  this is fucking awesum . 
  that 's it , yes, 
  now we are waiting for them to create clans on the na server and advertise about it . 
  when i face defeat i always give 100 % of my remaining will to fight . 
  they always will be . 
  both are less then the filth under my shoes . 
  the might of jingles compells you . 
  that `` glitched '' skin is quiet cool . 
  i was at defqon 1 . in 2010 , and there was a cute looking girl staring at me . 
  she walked away and managed to get on stage . 
  she pulled down her jeans and began shaking her dick around and pointing at me . 
  later i heard that she used lsd there . 
  it 's funny because there is a church on the hill together with a churchill . 
  are you using a wired or wireless internet connection ?
