  standard the jagdpz.iv has a good camo value but with the camo net and camo skills on it , it will become pretty much `` invisible '' at long to mid-range fighting . 
  combine this with the l/70 and you can tear enemy tank up with the rof and decent pen . 
  ( do n't forget to load some apcr shells ), 
  working as intended , right ? 
  i 'm currently training a crew in my t-34 that i will use to grind through the t-43 , t-44 , t-54 towards the obj .140 or maybe the t-62a . 
  ( do n't know yet ), 
  very nice game though , do you have the replay ? 
   i 'm driving ** into ** school ,, 
  you are doing it wrong , 
  we hit 'em hard !, 
  ( * car is wrecked , and the school still standing * ), 
  more like a pz .1 c ramming a maus . 
  eitherway , it will end with a blast . 
  i called a priest to bless my house . 
  now i have no house : /, 
  very nice indeed . 
  i hope you will like the is just like i did . 
  in some aspects it is somewhat worse than the kv-1s but luckily not as op . 
  have fun with your is , and keep on rollin ' !, 
  using premium ammo obviously . 
  * burning lost his track !, 
  burning repaired the track !, 
  he has repaired the track !, 
  look at the track !, 
  he repaired the track !, 
  i bursted out in laughter xd, 
  it 's not about being white or black . 
  it are the lyrics that count the most in a rap song . 
  wow this looks just like what i 've been looking for . 
  thank you very much for suggesting this one . 
  cheers !, 
  what do you mean with that ? 
  do you mean drivers that the graphic tablet needs to run propperly or a program to draw anime with ? 
  i played the t-28 when it still had the 85mm gun . 
  good old memories , 
  but yeah the kv-1 and the t1 heavy are both great t5 heavies . 
  i preffer the t1 heavy though , superb gun depression and a great gun and fairly quick aswell . 
  chinese : no gun depression . 
  the engine is receiving a nerf . 
  in 8.8 it 's top engine will be 700hp . 
  the t110e5 is a superb tank in my opinion . 
  if you angle your armour you can bounce alot of shots when you do it right . 
  also when you are angled the tracks can eat alot of damage aswell . 
  the gun is nothing to complain about , 258pen on the regular ap ammo is just fine . 
  if not the heat shells have 340pen and the gun has an alpha damage of 400 . 
  the turrent tends to bounce a fair amount of shots but the gun mantlet is kinda weak imo . 
  i play it more as an `` support '' tank and punish those who even think about hurting your fellow teammates and let them think twice of what they do . 
  you have to adapt to the way this tank plays and you will be just fine . 
  it is the 700hp engine , right ? 
  have n't played on the test server for a while . 
  people like different things , some like brawling but maybe others like to snipe their oponents to death . 
  use the l/70 , it is the best gun you can have on the jagdpz iv . 
  get a camo net , gun rammer and binocs and learn all your crew members the camo skill to further improve your camo value . 
  always stay at long to medium-range to avoid being spotted and only fight an enemy tank 1-on-1 when you are 100 % sure you can take him out . 
  also , do n't forget to load at least 10 apcr rounds just to deal with thicker armour . 
  ( learn the weakspots on t8 tanks because you have trouble penning them with ap rounds ), 
  the aiming time is buffed . 
  from 2.9 to 2.5 seconds . 
  the wirbelwind was a flakpanzer , which means it was a mobile aa-gun to shoot down aircraft but was also very effective against enemy infantry and lightly armoured vehicles . 
  i can say that this tank will not be added because it is not an actual tank . 
  here you have a [ crusader aa ] ( http://img90.imageshack.us/img90/6051/pb25may07001.jpg ) with , i think , 2x 20mm or 40mm cannons . 
  i can see why you disagree with me but what i 'm trying to say is that the wirbelwind was intended and used as an anti-aircraft gun . 
  i enjoy the t-34 more because of one , but very important factor . 
  1 + more degree of gun depression , it might not sound like alot but it really does make a difference . 
  i like them both but preffer the t-34 . 
  the t-80 does get scout mm if i remember correctly . 
  luckily not that often in my experience . 
  i always thought they were identical apart from the gun depression . 
  turns out to be false . 
  i 'm driving the tiger ii and i have n't really noticed the nerf . 
  yes , it does accelerate slower but it only goes 30kp/h so it does n't matter really . 
  wow , i really need to read better . 
  ty for pointing it out . 
  getting ammoracked is like getting a kick in the nuts imo . 
  i was typing it on my phone but it gave an error . 
  so i pressed multiple times . 
  sorry for that . 
  reminds me of my grille before patch 8.6 . 
  one-shotting kv-1s 's was an absolute blast and made me yell `` in your face ! '', 
  out loud . 
  great to see that arty can still carry after patch 8.6, 
  those mesh panels are actually called anti-panzerfaust shields . 
  but they dind ' t help at all because the thickness of the panels being to thin . 
  it did n't matter if a soldier used the lightest version of panzerfaust called the `` faustpatrone 30 '' which had 140mm of penetration and 30m of range . 
  it would just cut through the t-34-8 like a hot knife through butter . 
  mostly all the tiger ii 's left behind duing the battle of the bulge were destroyed or immobilized by the crew to not be of any use to the allies . 
  petrol engines have a spark ignition and a diesel engines have a compression ignition . 
  i have one left , send me a pm of you want it . 
  it means that the crew member with that symbol gets double xp, 
  all the games i had previous weelend were utter shite . 
  doong 3k damage and getting 2 kills and still losing . 
  hell , i even was the top damage dealer in a t10 matchup doing 5k damage and taking out a jagdpz e-100 and still lost because of those scrubs on my team . 
  trust me i 'm an engineer . 
  the aiming time is just ridiculous and the shots per minute are just abominably bad . 
  nonetheless it is a rather good tank with a 100 % crew but you find yourself outclassed by any other td of the same tier . 
  as serb would say : `` how terrible '', 
  how 's this even an option ? 
  that 10,5 cm is far from being historical accurate on the panther ii . 
  after some researching i found out that the panther ii was designed to carry the 7.5 cm l/70 or the 8,8 cm l/71 . 
  [ sauce ] ( http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/panzerkampfwagen_v_panther_ii ),
