looking at how this whole situation is handled by our government , i 'm considering giving my vote to the right wing for the very first time . 
  the 2 big parties from the mid are closing their eyes and are hoping that the problem will go away ( to germany ) , the left completely lost their connection to reality and ignores the fears of the citizens in our country and they are pushing their agenda whenever they can . 
  what 's left is a right wing that offers easy solutions for complex problems . 
  i do n't think they will have any real answers nor make it any better than the more established parties but that 's apparently the only way to send a wake up call through the political landscape . 
  hmmm , ... 
  i migrated from austria to sweden last year and i do indeed supply my neighbors with 80 % stroh rum which you normally ca n't buy in sweden but i swear they were already alcoholics before i arrived indianerehrenwort !, 
  tbh i do n't see it creating a lot of new jobs either . 
  it is not like each side produces goods that the other side does n't have already . 
  there will be a short term rise of jobs when each side tries to expand into the other sides market but once the big players forced the smaller ones out of the market it will settle at a nearly equal level , we might even end up with less jobs if the other side does a better job than ours . 
  i agree with you but that 's how most democracies actually work . 
  lets face it , without the exaggerating media coverage and such protests there would be no way to influence the negotiations . 
  most of the time the public does n't realize what 's going on before the ratification process has already started and then it is too late to change anything but now the pressure is on and they know it . 
  there is no way to sneak in negative clauses through the back door when everyone has their spotlights on them . 
  i would even argue that it also gives the eu delegates a stronger position in the negotiations because the us knows that they ca n't ask for too much without putting the whole trade agreement on the line, 
  according to the article in the [ guardian ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/apr/10/nordic-countries-extend-military-alliance-russian-aggression ) they said :  `` russia 's conduct represents the biggest challenge to european security , '' that 's a bit different than what the moscow times wrote . 
  i wonder how long it will take ( if ever ) until we merge forces in the eu . 
  from a financial point of view it would make a lot of sense . 
  it would n't be such an issue if the parliament would have more competences compared to the council . 
  with so many different states in the union you have an election in a member state nearly every year and you know how local politicians love to make politics on the back of the eu . 
  that might not stop big agendas but it adds a lot of unnecessary delay to the whole process . 
  i would rather see some basic reforms first before we add more cooks to the kitchen . 
  for example , loosening the unanimity rule on a couple of topics would make things a lot easier . 
  out of curiosity , how is the eu viewed by your age group compared to the us ? 
   it was a macro-level policy change that affected everybody who wanted to be apart of the visa waiver program as if any country with an industry focused on exports could afford not being part of the vwp . 
  especially not the smaller ones . 
  that 's what i meant with `` ca n't afford to oppose '' . 
  you might not agree with me but i hope that you see at least the problem if such a minor change in policy ( no matter the countries involved ) conflicts with a part of a countries civil rights and leaves them with the choice between sacrificing parts of said right or risk economical growth that this is not something that people will be happy about . 
  hm , that 's an interesting point of view but i would argue that civil rights play in another league than trade laws and protectionist measures can be found on both sides . 
  for example boeing vs airbus . 
  regarding the yahoo case and please correct me if i 'm wrong here but they were sued by french civil rights groups and not the country itself and the outcome was simply to restrict french citizens from accessing such auctions ? 
   and please , give me some examples of america acting like saudi arabia ... * 2003 : leaked cables us bullying europe into transatlatic biometrics matching [ link ] ( http://www.daten-speicherung.de/index.php/leaked-cables-u-s-bullying-europe-into-transatlatic-biometrics-matching/ ) * 2009 : us wants access to austrias police database , threatens with vwp [ link ] ( http://diepresse.com/home/politik/innenpolitik/464415/visadrohung_usa-wollen-osterreichs-polizeidaten?_vl_backlink=/home/politik/innenpolitik/464471/index.do&amp;direct=464471 ) ( in german , use google tranlate ) i 'm too lazy to search for it but as i remember it , there were similar threats when the us wanted us to sign the swift agreement . 
  do you have any sources that indicate a similar behavior from a european country towards the us ? 
  did the us ever have to change any laws in order to avoid losing privileges with a european country ? 
  i really wonder if people like you would see this the same way if it was the other way around . 
  imagine the us bending over to china and finding ways around the constitution to give them access to your data . 
  edit : format, 
  you realize that austria plays a different role in the world than the us ? 
  over the course of the last couple of decades we acted as the neutral ground between east and west . 
  we have the un and a couple of other big international organisations here because of that . 
  austria ca n't be too vocal without risking to lose that position . 
  that 's the reason why it 's so vague . 
  and then there is another problem . 
  america acts very similar to the way saudi arabia currently acts towards sweden . 
  if you do n't play along then your business people might not get a visa and lose access to an important market which will hurt your country in the long run or they threat with other similar consequences . 
  or in other words , small governments ca n't afford to oppose the us position without possible consequences . 
  true but you also had a big opposition smearing the anti war movement and steering public opinion towards war . 
  followed up with claims of propaganda and censorship that affected most mainstream media outlets . 
  and do n't get me wrong , i was n't comparing russians with americans , i was comparing russias method of controlling public opinion with the way the us ( or other western media ) did it . 
  different name-tag , same method . 
  well done , looks really good . 
  to be honest i think that this is `` normal '' for every country in such a situation . 
  replace nationalism with patriotism and all of a sudden it sounds a lot like the us around the time when every news outlet was hyping the iraq war . 
  oh it is and some people here in austria even thought that it was worth copying : here 's the austrian version : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nqrbjlaw6_8, 
  better on here than in / r/ukraine, 
  the * `` god save francis the emperor '' * part ? 
  threatening to do the exact opposite than what was negotiated would have been a more appropriate approach . 
  turkey needs the eu a lot more than vice versa , especially after russia initiated sanctions against them . 
  nah , i 'm fine and there are just downvotes anyway . 
  i agree with you , that would be up for debate but i 'm surprised how many downvotes i get , for that little inaccuracy . 
  i mentioned that to make it clear for someone who does n't know the paper that this was n't some right wing magazine that would n't be sensitive to that issue . 
  and they are strongly leaning towards the green party , which makes them far more left then center based . 
  but anyway that is missing the point, 
   nor did i expect to see a coffee shop called afro coffee ... 
  the afro cafe ( [ link ] ( http://www.afrocafe.at/en/salzburg/ ) ) , the guy is referring to is owned by dietrich mateschitz ( the guy who owns red bull ) . 
  the design comes from a south african who opened a similar cafe in cape town in 2004 . 
  a praising article about it from one of our left-wing papers : http://derstandard.at/2883140/mama-afrika-papa-mateschitz edit : quotation, 
  the whole thing stands on a shaky ground . 
  on one hand we want to be the good guys saving them and on the other we force them through a life threatening journey where they have to pay huge amounts to people we call criminals in order to get saved by us on our doorsteps ( if they make it that far ) . 
  that 's a very hypocritical armchair humanism . 
  on top of that this whole stance also implies that the other `` brown '' nations as you put it are n't mature enough to handle such a crisis on their own . 
  without us the world would be lost . 
  another convenient self-serving view that takes responsibility away from those nations in the region . 
  i would say , let the region handle it , if they need help , then help them handle it on their own but do n't tell the people to make a 1000 + km illegal journey which they might not survive, 
  odd , given her handling of the nsa/bnd debacle . 
  damn it 's cloudy outside ( stockholm l\u00e4n ) but a year like this one could have been a perfect birth year for a religion a couple of thousand years ago . 
  a big aurora borealis in spring followed by a sun eclipse , a blood moon a few weeks ago , ... the perfect basis for a prophecy, 
  is this a legit site ? 
  web of trust shows a `` misleading claims or unethical '' warning [ link ] ( https://www.mywot.com/en/scorecard/novini.bg?utm_source=addon&amp;utm_content=popup ), 
  you guys know kommissar rex ? 
  i do n't know what i should think about that to be honest . 
  whenever the euro is strong ppl complain that the exports are suffering , whenever the euro is weak people are complaing that the imports are getting too expensive . 
  since we try to increase our exports , i guess a weaker euro is overall better since it makes out products more affordable . 
  opinions ? 
  i guess price was a huge factor ? 
  those 16 vehicles probably cost around 70 million while a single eurofighter starts at 90 million $ . 
  ( numbers from wiki ), 
  sorry , but that is complete bullshit . 
  serbia was n't even part of austria and they already had a eu-like system on the austrian side . 
  the plan was to give croatia their own crown ( still future music at the time ) . 
  austria wanted to get their hold on serbia back after king obrenovi\u0107 was killed but could n't because russia had also an interest in that region . 
  meanwhile the shadow government in serbia had their own plans of creating a serbian empire including most states there . 
  russia would have never supported a serbian attack but they would have intervened if austria was the aggressor and that 's what led to the assassination . 
  btw apis ( the guy behind the black hand ) was also involved in killing obrenovi\u0107 which was seen as to friendly to the austrians . 
  lol ^ ^ , just do n't forget to attach the road toll vignettes to your tanks before blitzkrieg-ing through the country or the eastern campaign might end prematurely on an impound lot near vienna, 
  do n't bother , i move the border marker a couple of cm every month . 
  soon it will be ours again * evil laugh *, 
  it is also using wrong numbers . 
  example : austrians in germany : 180k germans in austria : 220k not only is the arrow in the wrong direction it should n't be there in the first place using that 0.25 mill rule, 
  panem et circenses that 's all what that is . 
  a couple of years ago it was estimated that only 200 ppl who wear a full face veil live in austria .
