  too many times do i see people suggesting that african american crime is because `` they have a violent culture '' and `` they glorify killing . '', 
  african american culture , like any culture , is the way it is for a myriad of reasons i , or anyone really , will never 100 % understand . 
  simply dismissing it and suggesting it 's worthy of destruction is a horribly inhumane thing to do . 
   the difference is that gang bangers probably overwhelmingly kill people `` related to '' the industry again , not in my experience . 
  quite often most of the people killed are innocent bystanders . 
  or family members . 
  in which case , anyone `` related to '' western governments or their militaries would be in the industry . 
  also , quick note , i have not downvoted you once . 
  i believe you have some controversial opinions that i disagree with , but that is it . 
  i do n't believe you 've said anything overtly disrespectful . 
  edit : added `` never '', 
   no , it is not the same . 
  serious question , do you understand the implication of the phrase `` bear with me '' ? 
  i 'm suggesting that you , for a second , consider that they are political . 
   switzerland , the czech republic both have plenty of guns , but they do not have the crap the us has . 
  this is a socioeconomic and cultural problem . 
  i have nothing against guns , and i do n't understand czechia enough to discuss them , but switzerland has their shit together politically . 
  i have no doubt the issues are socioeconomic ( cultural sounds like you 're about to start advocating the destruction of african american culture , which i have seen more than a few conservatives advocate ) but the point is that switzerland has the political system in place to address these issues much more effectively than the us . 
  you ca n't seriously suggest that the us has a better political system than switzerland ? 
   a drug runner and a gang banger usually , do not intend to target random people . 
  i 'm sorry but this is wrong . 
  i 've lived near gang-related areas before and have seen my neighbors attacked for seemingly no reason . 
  `` that house looks nice . 
  we should rob them and rape them . '', 
  is not very different , in my eyes from `` that country looks nice . 
  we should bomb them and hate them . '', 
  right but , bear with me here , drug and gang crime is political . 
  gang-bangers and drug runners are essentially no different than terrorists . 
  they have a goal that , currently , can only be achieved outside the system . 
  i believe the violent crime rates in america are a huge red flag that we ( i 'm half american ) are n't doing enough , politically , to address these issues . 
  obviously terrorists , drug runners , and gang-bangers need to be handled differently based on whether they are foreign or domestic , but you 'd have a hard time convincing me that terrorists behave differently enough that they , and only they , should be considered political actors . 
  to be fair , he was responding to a comment that was suggesting that european countries are the only ones who are suffering these terror attacks . 
  when , in actuality , there are horrific daily attacks in america that would qualify as terror attacks to many europeans . 
  maybe ( s ) he thinks that criminally they are victims , but the criminality of the mother outweighs the criminality of what the soldiers did ? 
  still totally fucked from an emotional standpoint though ... 
  fuck this person in their urethra with a big , sharp stick . 
  especially if they fucking poisoned kids too . 
  bring your embassy here !, 
  we love the french !, 
  ... wait a minute ... 
  if i was being completely honest , your mass exported beer beats out our mass exported beer . 
  once we get to local breweries , i believe both of our countries have some good ones there . 
  that being said , being half american , the fact that i can find heineken in almost every grocery store/bodega is a huuuge plus . 
  * sigh * you 're right . 
  it 's not great , but ij brewery is a dam fine brewery !, 
  i said heineken not jupiler, 
  a true member of the germanic culture group * opens work heineken *, 
  i know but , at the end of the day , people choose to buy into it . 
  they 're choosing to accept that erdogan is somehow superior to them . 
  it 's sad , but it plays at such a core insecurity , that you ( the general `` you '' not you specifically ) are not the best at making decisions for yourself . 
  i think we all have those doubts and we all need to decide for ourselves if we 'll succumb to those doubts or stand up for ourselves . 
  oh yeah , agree with you 100 % . 
  i would never use the phrase `` he 's a good leader . '', 
  i 'm saying that there are turkish people who do use that phrase , and those people ca n't be ignored when addressing erdogan . 
  just like erdogan should n't ignore those that disagree with him . 
  i would say a lot of the blame does go to the turkish people . 
  most to erdogan , because he 's clearly more interested in serving his own interests , but the fact that half of turks can look at him and say `` yep , i like him . 
  he 's doing well . '', 
  is n't really ... well ... good . 
  fair enough , but a lot of people do credit him . 
  just like people credit individuals with group success all the time . 
  not just in politics . 
  i think you can recognize the fact that his ability to co-opt so much credit , while anti-democratic and the mark of a true asshole , is pretty impressive . 
  again , impressive does not mean good . 
  it simply takes a lot of effort and skill to manipulate people on such a massive level , and yes a certain amount of intelligence . 
  how would you explain the failures of modernization before erdogan 's rise to power ? 
  turkey has been rich and has had potential for years . 
  how did erdogan actually make that shit happen ? 
   there are two things that you can respect ( not idolize , but respect ) . 
  what he 's actually done , and the aura of self control he 's given certain turkish people . 
  whatever future they 're heading into , they know that it is a turk that leads them , and that means a lot , and would mean a lot you if we substituted your country . 
  see my other comment . 
  uplifted millions out of poverty ? 
  expanded infrastructure throughout the country ? 
  solved several specific issues that he campaigned on ? 
  look i 'm not saying he 's a saint but to suggest that he 's done nothing for the average turk de-legitimizes and infuriates any turk who feels that erdogan has helped . 
  which is quite a large portion of the turkish population . 
  they tie their economic leap forward to their leader that they elected during that leap forward . 
  you wo n't be able to convince them that it was n't a turk ( one of them ) who helped them . 
  try to convince them that the imf and the eu knows better what 's for turkey . 
  try explaining that some white old guys in suits in brussels and dc know better what 's for turkey than an actual turk that a large portion of the population supports ? 
  there are two things that you can respect ( not idolize , but respect ) . 
  what he 's actually done , and the aura of self control he 's given certain turkish people . 
  whatever future they 're heading into , they know that it is a turk that leads them , and that means a lot , and would mean a lot you if we substituted your country . 
  i 'm dutch and american . 
  i respect erdogan for what he 's done for his people ( turks that agree with him ) . 
  hate him more for what he 's done to mine ( inclusive of turks that disagree with him/advocate for democracy ) . 
  edit : specified what i meant with `` his people '' and `` mine '' and added the word `` more '', 
  hold it there buddy . 
  i 'm no trump fan but i do n't believe he 's that much of an asshole . 
  if you 're implying that erdogan is somehow better than trump , then that 's a warped attitude to have . 
  huh , you kind of got destroyed with evidence . 
  i 'll just add that i can understand why you or others support erdogan or trump . 
  it is because they promise , and deliver ( subjective ) , results . 
  there are a lot of issues that i do n't want to deal with , and i 'd love it if somebody came in and said `` i can address these issues and solve these problems . 
  just give me more power and i will make all your dreams come true . '', 
  it is really intoxicating . 
  anyway , sana iyi \u015fanslar . 
  and americans have the right to peacefully protest . 
  even if it can be interpreted as supporting terrorists .
