did n't know we were that deep yet . 
  yemen , in my eyes , would have been a better example in general though . 
  since the operations are more common . 
  six . 
  wow . 
  i did n't know that . 
  misread it the first time . 
  i 'm sorry for those innocent and their family . 
  the program needs work , but it 's still the best we 've got . 
  the us supports some pretty shady friendly governments in the name of stability though . 
  a ) this is yemen . 
  b ) the article states the man and his son were the only two killed as conformed by al-qaeda themselves . 
  so no innocents . 
  regardless of my applause or lack there of , you 're tactically agreeing with my statement are n't you ? 
  my condolences to ambassador leif larsen and philippine ambassador domingo lucenario 's family . 
  truly a dark day for everyone who values diplomacy . 
  but you 'd let a man live who , on the other side of the mediterranean/red sea , decides who lives or dies ? 
  that is also a side effect . 
  but , then what 's the alternative to what the us is doing ? 
  maybe a little bit more balanced with europe . 
  but that 's just me ... 
  well , in my eyes , realistically , you would n't because no one wants to share real power . 
  why would the us not want to be the sole superpower ? 
  make all the decisions , set all the rules . 
  but will it last ? 
  devolution of power and authority to allies , rather then enemies , may be in the best interest of us and the world . 
  perhaps a milder version ? 
  i think the point is definitely to limit us power though, 
  so ... let him run free ? 
  seriously ? 
  you 'd rather have a man who planned and executed the murder of 17 innocent people free than dead ? 
  okay . 
  that 's your opinion . 
  but i 'm going to disagree with you . 
  to the obama mobile !, 
  if only . 
  no one in the military or government would go for it . 
  does n't mean you should n't stop trying though , eh ? 
  can you imagine if the us just decided to apply the constitution all over the world ? 
  i 'm sure a lot of people would be claiming they 're trying to annex everyone . 
  that and a lot of people would probably lose money selling weapons of war , and they 'd have to expend a lot of effort into actual oversight of the dammed drone program . 
  horror !, 
  i would love it if they did that though . 
  applying the same rules for everyone that they apply for their own citizens . 
  well a bunch of human beings were murdered , and in response , the strike prevented two human beings from planning the murders of bunches of others of human beings . 
  yes there needs to be more oversight . 
  some way for civilians to get out of the way . 
  but why would al-qaeda let civilians get away at all ? 
  they can use them as shields to protect themselves . 
  practicality really . 
  have one drone fly ahead with leaflets/a loud speaker ? 
  would that work ? 
  would the us go for that ? 
  i 'm just as disgusted as you norway . 
  i plan to get involved with helping change their policy in any way that i can . 
  odds be dammed . 
  is the us ' drone policy perfect ? 
  what i imagine is this : we broadcast a message to the target and the immediate area . 
  tell them we 're tracking them and that , no matter what they do , we 're going to blow up wherever they are unless they surrender within the next 20 minutes . 
  how do you think that would go over ? 
  how would you propose catching him ? 
  very interesting . 
  however , how many of those people are known members of terror organizations and , using said organization 's own media distribution , released a video boasting of said confession ? 
  look , i 'm not saying you 're wrong . 
  war , and violence , in my eyes , do n't actually add a whole lot to the human experience , if you take them as a whole and not just individual sides . 
  what i am saying is this : there will always be war , and violence . 
  not now , not ever , will there be a single moment when somewhere on this planet , someone is n't getting violently assaulted or outright killed in some way shape or form . 
  that 's how it is . 
  if you want to risk the lives of innocent soldiers , who 's lives could be saved , to take down a known psycho who actually relishes the role that he played in the murder of others , then you are no better than those who led the us to it 's recent wars . 
  drones are the best solution . 
  could they be used more tactically ? 
  hell yes , but that 's an argument for another day . 
  of course not . 
  but then you 're risking the lives of actual soldiers . 
  plus there 's the whole do we have permission to land ground troops thing . 
  we do have permission to use drones to go after a group we 're at war with, 
  what do you want ? 
  seriously , not trolling you . 
  because it 's a war zone there friend . 
  as much as it suuuuuuuucks , there really are no laws . 
  the man claimed responsibility himself . 
  he confessed . 
  so , what do you want ? 
  you 're right !, 
  thanks for volunteering to go talk to al qaeda in yemen and asking them to hand over all of their leadership so they can face trial for war crimes . 
  good luck man/woman . 
  you will have our full , non-military of course , support . 
  as german born dutch citizen living in america , i feel this video gives great insight into the mindset of local scottish authorities . 
  the coe does a series of these local type interviews and i think they 're all worth checking out . 
  as a friend across the pond , thank you for your time and stay stylish europe . 
  oh most definitely . 
  representing vs leading is always about doing what 's in the national interest . 
  i have n't been keeping too close of tabs on the situation , but i 'm fairly confident that these sorts of demonstration are important regardless of the role of legislatures you believe in . 
  so i do n't have any problem with them . 
  yep . 
  understanding the basics of democracy make me a liberal . 
  nailed it . 
  there 's actually two schools of thought , one is that they were elected to lead , another then they were elected to represent the will of the people, 
  so it would n't matter to you if true ? 
  huh .
