  well that 's not something i can disprove if you do n't trust polls . 
  i will suggest that trump 's unpopularity is n't that out of line for a potus . 
  i 'm also firm believer that he is n't special or unique or extraordinary enough to buck that tend . 
  i 'm just curious . 
  he 's , objectively , unpopular beyond the 30 % of americans that voted for him . 
  same with any politician . 
  so your skepticism seems like a shield from ... something ? 
  of ... his approval ratings ? 
  why ? 
  so what if he 's unpopular . 
  how does that change anything for you ? 
  like his actual approval numbers ... 
  heh suppose so . 
  different people do different things . 
  thanks for the response !, 
  then why are you getting so riled up by a parade float in amsterdam ? 
  well you 're about to be more pissed because there is no `` perfect world '' that logic and reason can lead us to . 
  there never was , never will be , and never could have been a world where 100 % of peeps are satisfied all the time . 
  shit will always swing one way or the other . 
  even if the nazis won ww2 people would still be pissed about shit . 
  logic and reason has lead a good portion of people , to realize that getting pissed about this is like getting pissed at a tired meme . 
  do i think it 's funny ? 
  do people give a shit that i do n't think it 's funny ? 
  i mean , to be honest , if they 're going off of dutch stand-up humor , they might not know what funny is . 
  hey it 's all about acceptance . 
  you can be an asshole , people will accept you 're an asshole , and treat you like the asshole you are . 
  mate do you ever like talk to women ? 
  like ever ? 
  shit is suuuper common . 
  ah ffs mate calm down . 
  you seem more offended than the guy you 're responding to . 
  yeah fuck them for trying to be funny !, 
  op did say shitpost . 
  he may confused the two, 
  haha sounds like you 've got a lot to see . 
  good luck !, 
  i mean they try . 
  obviously they 're not a democracy so their responsiveness is lacking , and they 're poor af . 
  can understand that but you 're hurting the egyptian people more than the government . 
  someone 's got ta pay to make sure big ben looks fly af !, 
  luxor was great !, 
  cool mix of metropolitan and ancient . 
  and super safe . 
  there are a lot of military checkpoints everywhere . 
  can be intimidating if you 're not used to guns on every street corner . 
  they know it too = / . 
  when i was there , i had people constantly telling me to tell other westerners to come visit but to stay away from hurghada and cairo . 
  it 's crazy how few tourists there in egypt now . 
  edit : aaand apparently i no read good, 
  egypt is fine if you 're outside of hurghada and egypt . 
  basically just do a cruise of the southern nile , see like 5,000 year old temples , and enjoy cheap bargains for touristy stuff . 
  edit : definitely meant cairo, 
  all your boats are belong to us, 
  this comment is strange written by : shots-o, 
  well we 'd have to get there first and then you luls would come in and fuck it all up . 
  fair enough . 
  suppose the whole thing kind of decended into a debate on whose better at taking care of their poor . 
  i would say european countries on the whole are , but americans have a different definition of help . 
  cheers to you mate . 
  good luck with everything, 
  glad to hear you were able to lift yourself out of poverty . 
   you do n't know what your talking about mate you do n't either . 
  the welfare distribution systems in europe are way more efficient than any of those you 've listed . 
  those programs are wasteful and some are almost counter-productive . 
  the charity comment was because elsewhere someone was suggesting that the charitibility of the united states somehow means that the us is better at taking care of their poor . 
  mate , have you ever met or talked to a fiscally disadvantaged person in america ? 
  you are right , it is possible for anyone to succeed . 
  it is also way more fucking difficult for a poor person to get their basic needs met in america . 
  people are more concerned about basic needs than being able to succeed `` if the try really really hard . '', 
  charity donations include in their calculations donations to charities that are just as ineffective , if not more so , that government spending . 
  you 're definitely right that right wing sites are dodgier but i find that my left leaning friends tend to dismiss specific articles that do n't conform to their world views . 
  yeah but right wingers wo n't care about the validity of a source as long as it validates them . 
  just like leftists ignore things that do n't validate their views . 
  yes because right wing parties hate funding foreign militias . 
  and when the right spends money it 's somehow perfectly well spent . 
  this is clearly only the left 's fault and not the over-fetishization of military action . 
  it was a joke mate . 
  do n't worry your lil feefees . 
  you big strong american man . 
  ussr did nothing to defeat hitler . 
  etc etc. 
  * checks time period . 
  checks status of partition * it may have been predicting your future ... 
  i hoped for `` swamp german '' at least ... 
  dutch banking ftw !, 
  germans are most likely to die in wine ? 
  the hell ... also , no love for the dutch ? 
  god bless the belgians . 
  make the rest of europe look downright spry when it comes to forming governments . 
   but it is n't . 
  for some people it is . 
  you are not the final judge of people 's opinions . 
   exactly , it isnt a gun law issue , it is a people issue . 
  ffs you were the one suggesting it was a gun issue in the first place . 
  our discussion was based on numbers from a gun violence website . 
  just the numbers . 
  i was suggesting those numbers are indicative of similar issues as the numbers from terror attacks . 
  therefore both of these groups are motivated by politics or `` political '' in that they represent an attack on the established political system . 
   never said that , never will . 
  please stick to this .
