  i do n't think it 's really possible to tell , sweden records the data differently , and unless they publish the data as other countries would sort/read it , we wo n't really be able to compare swedish rape stats to other countries . 
  perhaps we could make a comparison by viewing the trend of rape statistics over the years along with other countries , but then you have to account for the fact that many countries are pushing to have more victims come forward in general . 
  can you explain what constitutes an `` imaginary '' political philosophy ? 
  i think a lot of countries could make a claim that the storming of the bastille ( and the revolution in general ) is extremely important . 
  the revolution is one of the most important events in the history of the world . 
  there 's also the establishment of the stuarts ( leading to the kjv bible and everybody 's favourite king , charlie ) , the start of the industrial revolution and the passing of the statute in restraint of appeals . 
  i do n't think they are comparable chopin gained his fame and renown while living in poland and spent less than half his life in france , mostly teaching piano . 
  handel spent most of his life in britain and composed the.majority of his famous works while in britain , and almost half his life was spent as a naturalised subject . 
  la goudale ( i think that 's the correct spelling ) , french beer . 
  it was something about not singling out the holocaust over other genocides, 
  uh no , they specifically made plans to divide poland 's territory between them . 
  buffer states are usually independent , not territories of the larger states using them . 
  otherwise they would n't be buffers . 
  think afghanistan between the russian empire and british india . 
   they want special treatment for hate crimes , that you will be punished more severe if you beat the living crap out a homosexual instead of a hetero . 
  that 's not what a hate crime is . 
  for a crime to be a hate crime you need to prove that the intent of the crime was to send a message to a group of people who are protected under discrimination laws . 
  it 's not a hate crime if you target drug dealers or police informants , but it is a hate crime if you lynch black people or go around chopping mens ' dicks off , ** if the intent is to intimidate black people or men ** . 
  heterosexuals are protected under hate crime legislation , it 's just that these cases happen so rarely you never hear about them . 
  it 's not europe but according to [ this ] ( https://www2.fbi.gov/ucr/hc2009/data/table_01.html ) 21 crimes out of 6604 that were classed as having been motivated by biases ( most of which were race or religion ) were committed due to anti-heterosexual biases . 
   if you read their report do you have a link to the report ? 
  i ca n't find it on their site and i do n't think anyone else in the comments has linked it . 
  i actually ca n't find references to scotland from official sources in non uk countries , nor can i find any consensus from non-british sources on forums or articles online on whether scotland is or is n't a non-independent country ( except from this subreddit where the consensus is `` no '' ) so i ca n't contest that , but every semi authoritative source i can find either does n't specify or defines scotland as a country . 
  i mean what you say contradicts what the other guy says ; your constitution has a list of grounds , and unfortunately , `` any other grounds whatsoever '' is a nebulous umbrella term http://www.government.nl/issues/discrimination/prohibition-of-discrimination literally a list of grounds of discrimination described as `` in total . '', 
  the problem with discrimination not having a list of grounds is that it becomes difficult to determine what is and is n't suitable reasons for unfair treatment . 
  this is exactly why the law is bigger than a single constitution , because the framework can never hope to clarify every situation that can happen . 
  so your government already specifies homosexuals ( and heterosexuals for that matter ) as protected under discrimination laws , and this group is merely advocating for the inclusion of transgender under those laws . 
  what is the problem ? 
  it might be inaccurate to say that transgender people are n't protected against in your courts , or that discrimination of transgender people is permitted , i 'm not sure how the dutch legal system works or if you have a court case that established through legal precedence that transgender is included under the `` sex '' grounds for discrimination in your laws . 
   they want to be treated differently . 
  they want that we create laws , specifically for the homosexuals . 
  not for the coloured , not for the religious , but only for them . 
  i do n't know if that is true , but your laws already specify that it is illegal to discriminate against someone for their sexuality . 
  i am not comparing manslaughter to hate crimes except to illustrate that motives are regularly taken into account when it comes to judging and sentencing those guilty of committing a crime . 
   you do n't get a pass on a ticket because you thought the speed was higher that 's because you ca n't prove you had any reason to think the speed was higher without blaming your own negligence . 
  if however you can prove that there was no indication the speed was lowered ( e.g. 
  somebody vandalised the sign or took it down ) you can make a case to say that you do not deserve punishing as you followed the rules of the road . 
   you do n't get a pass on fraud because you despise the person . 
  nor do you get a longer sentence . 
  that 's not the same thing . 
  despising somebody is never going to be an acceptable justification for committing fraud , while not being aware of a change in speed limit ( because of a vandalised sign ) is a justification for speeding . 
   how do you also differentiate between people who commit crimes against these privileged classes typically by identifying certain ways of committing the crime ( e.g. 
  female genital mutilation , emasculation ) that are intended to strike fear into that group of the population , or a pattern/tendency to target specific places ( e.g. 
  churches , mosques , synagogues , gay bars ) or just straight up the perpetrator identifying it as a hate crime . 
   a fight with a privileged person would then net a higher punishment against a non privileged person . 
  unless you can prove i attacked the black person because he was black and not because he stole my drink in the club , or attacked me first , or was responsible for something that enraged me , no you ca n't tell me i committed a hate crime . 
  hate crimes have the intent of causing fear and intimidating the group targeted , creating a very strong psychological component aimed at people not directly affected . 
  if i bomb a gay pride parade and broadcast a video saying i want to murder all gay people , even gay people who had nothing to do with the pride parade will be intimidated . 
  research has been done into this ( [ here ] ( http://psychology.ucdavis.edu/faculty_sites/rainbow/html/violence.pdf ) ) and while it is not conclusive there is an indication that hate crimes have a greater psychological impact on the victims and the non-victim members of the group than crimes not motivated by prejudice . 
  it does really , a country does n't * have * to be a sovereign state . 
  virtually every definition of scotland states that it is a country . 
  the use of country to mean sovereign state is not the single definitive usage . 
  no , it 's recognised as a country by most encyclopedias and the uk government . 
  it 's not independent and it is n't a sovereign state , but it is a country . 
   good . 
  discrimination is well defined without the need for a list of ` grounds ' . 
  there should n't be more or less protection for discrimination based on sexual preference or say stamp collecting is that what they are advocating ? 
  how exactly do you claim that someone is discriminating against you if you do n't identify what grounds they are discriminating on ? 
   great . 
  we 're supposed to be punishing behaviour , not thoughts . 
  that would be fantastic except for the fact that the motivation for a crime is pretty much always taken into account . 
  manslaughter and premeditated murder both involve killing someone yet we give different punishments . 
  when it comes to hate crimes , there 's a clear agenda to punish people belonging to a certain group for merely being part of that group . 
  gdp per capita is n't the be all and end all of measuring prosperity . 
  shy tories ( people do n't want to come out and say they support a polarising incumbent party ) underestimation of the lib dem collapse and who the votes would go to, 
  what ? 
  if it 's a referendum , the leadership has 0 say in what the members do beyond giving their reasoning . 
  and back benchers have rebelled in the past ( not that we will decide this wholly in the commons ), 
  there 's conservatives who do n't want to be in the eu last poll i saw said something like 25 % support for leaving the eu, 
  tories predicted to get ~ 330 on ~ 36 %, 
  oh i did n't know that , i remember on all forms i 've had to fill out that require education history , only scotland was specified as having different examinations . 
  wales has been `` part '' of england ( ruled by the english ) since 1283 . 
  scotland has been ruled by the same king only since around 1600 , and only part of the same country since 1707 . 
  similar to how irish nationalism was stronger than scottish nationalism, 
  pretty big game of thrones spoilers there . 
  modifications to english secondary schools , since the scots have their own school system, 
  it 's to promote the idea that the uk parliament ( primarily composed of english mps ) should n't get to vote on scottish matters , and scottish mps should n't get to vote on matters that only affect england . 
  they will still vote on anything that has implications for scotland , but something like changing the education system in england and wales they would ignore since they have their own education system in scotland . 
  presumably because welsh nationalism is n't as strong as scottish nationalism, 
  top up systems , multi member constituencies with proportional systems used , nationwide proportionality , etc. 
  it 's even worse if you look at the dup ; 0.6 % of the vote , 8 seats . 
  8 times the number of seats , 1/20th the number of votes as ukip . 
  it does n't really , the snp are n't fighting labour so much as taking over entirely . 
  if they were splitting the vote and allowing the tories in in scottish seats i 'd agree with you , but they are n't . 
  they failed from a pr perspective , both labour and the conservatives were planning in increasing fees and the changes the lib dems made to how tuition fees worked essentially made it so that only the people who ended up in well paying jobs would be paying more . 
  they did n't exactly plan on doing it early because they thought voters would forget , they did it early because they were a junior partner and do n't get to dictate everything . 
  the av referendum was in exchange for voting for conservative boundary changes . 
  when the av referendum failed , the lib dems tanked the boundary changes in parliament . 
  labour are responsible for the fee increase and the labour party was planning to increase them after 2010 as well . 
  the increase was done in response to a report that recommended that the fees be increased since free university education with more and more people going to university without raising taxes is pretty unsustainable . 
  i think in scotland the people largely hate the english conservatives in cabinet and the english backbenchers , not so much the scottish conservatives, 
  most people i know who smoke are either transitioning to e-cigs or buy their tobacco + rizla paper and roll their own cigarettes . 
  most smokers who go to europe will bring in as many cheap cigarettes as they can . 
  we did n't really learn about the belgian congo in school ; i imagine some history courses would cover it as part of a broader colonialism topic . 
  i was only really made aware of the horrors that happened there when i was 15 or 16 and a friend of mine was reading * king leopold 's ghost * . 
  in history we mostly learned about british history and then international politics leading up to the two world wars . 
  where the bloody hell do you live where people speak like that ? 
  you certainly lose part of the inherent quality when you are watching a dubbed/subtitled show , or reading a translation . 
  just a question , does turkey deny that there was a systematic effort to kill armenians ? 
  i would n't , i imagine it would result in a bunch of people dying for a shite reason .
