vercingetorix and french ... 
  why not ? 
   he was nothing more than a genocidal murderer oh ok he literally did nothing except slaughter irish people . 
  not like he completely changed the structure of the army to a more meritocratic one and fought against absolute monarchy cromwell was a gigantic cunt for many reasons but theres no need to be sensationalist, 
  in wwi , the british were allied with the russians . 
  the russians were being particularly troubled by the ottomans who were blocking all naval access to the black sea . 
  to relieve this pressure and try to supply troops in south ukraine/eastern europe , churchill , then in charge of the navy ( i think ) decided on an attack near the bosphorus at gallipoli . 
  the turkish position was pretty well entrenched and the allied troops were australian so there were a tonne of australian deaths . 
  the debacle nearly ruined churchill 's entire career . 
  interestingly , gallipoli was the start of a strong turko-australian friendship that persists to this day, 
  i think he means the leaves decompose and their minerals/nutrients will be absorbed by the grass/plants , making them grow better, 
  you are quite mistaken . 
  id go through why but my computer is broken and i dont want to type an essay on my phone, 
  i ca n't tell if you 're funny or just a massive wanker, 
  homosexual is , belonging to homosexual etc, 
  ya all that too . 
  fascism  communism at the time . 
  funny story , chamberlain was actually an extremely authoritative pm . 
  whereas other pms would inform parliament or the cabinet well in advance of diplomatic meetings and the like , chamberlain simply announced one day something to the effect of `` right , i 'm going to munich to meet mr hitler , see you in 5 . '', 
  appeasement was a bad idea in hindsight , but could you imagine persuading the public to go to war with germany for what many saw as minor cases of aggression , less than 20 years after a generation had been slaughtered ? 
  dw we will protect your freedom by giving away your mountain borders . 
  hurrah for appeasement !, 
  obama 's health care thing passed in 2009 , which may have also affected it, 
  liz is pretty good at keeping her views private , something most people admire her for ( ie trying not to influence politics ) . 
  it 's a worry many have about charles , since he 's linked to many lobbying groups . 
  fun facts ; the last time the monarch refused to grant the royal prerogative was when queen anne refused assent to the scottish militia bill 1708 . 
  victoria threatened to deny royal assent i believe , although i may be wrong . 
  in any case she was the last monarch to personally grant royal assent . 
  george v was under the impression that he could deny assent when he did n't want the third irish home rule bill . 
  i think the succession follows laws so even if qeii hates charles , she ca n't say `` william is the crown prince '' but yeah it 's charles then william , bar one of them suddenly being ineligible . 
  slaughtering armies multiple times over 116 years means very little . 
  ultimately , the english failed in their goal to get their king on the french throne , mostly due to the lack of intelligence regarding warfare henry vi had when compared to henry v . the french had no intentions of invading england either . 
  would you say the allies never won wwi because the war ended with germans in allied territory ? 
  no because the germans surrendered and gave up all the goals they had, 
  spanish succession was really a draw , although philip became king , he had to give up succession to the french throne , which was the entire reason the war was fought in the first place, 
  france lost the colonies at the end of the 7 years war . 
  america did n't `` turn its back on france '' for a good while actually . 
  the war of 1812 was because britain and france were both giving the us the same ultimatum and the us sided with france . 
  we did n't vote to join the common market . 
  we voted to stay in it once we were there . 
  denmark was the senior partner in a personal union with norway and scandinavia . 
  it owned lower sweden for centuries , was in a union with norway for much of the 17th/18th century ( ca n't remember which ) and in winter you can sometimes walk from sweden to denmark . 
  hawaii is thousands and thousands of miles from the west coast having said that i get your point . 
  sort of, 
  these are the rumours i 've heard . 
  i 've never been to paris and have only been to france on battlefields ' tours with my school so i do n't really know but the reputation is that french people dislike speaking english more than other nationals for whom english is a second language . 
  if you look at any video game community , you usually have an eu scene and a french scene that sometimes intermingles . 
  explanation ; the oft quoted figure that the uk has the most cctv cameras in the world is misleading because the vast majority of those are in private ownership . 
  ie not the government 's spying tools, 
  could you elaborate on any of those reasons ? 
  as a side note , do you see hawaii differently to the continental 48 ? 
  what about alaska ? 
  you should go to other countries . 
  the times i 've been to belgium ( twice to ypres now ) i 've met/talked to a few belgians who had pretty good english , and a german or two on holiday who also had good english . 
  general stereotype is that the dutch have the weirdest accents also , italy , croatia , greece , spain , switzerland and sweden were all good for me and my poor language skills, 
  the eu is n't perfect but abandoning it would have pretty terrible effects on everything . 
  not really it made a lot of sense . 
  `` let europe be europe and we 'll stay away so long as they do n't threaten us . 
  we can just form another coalition , use british naval might to strangle them and then strike at the right time '' might not be in europe 's best interests but for britain it was amazing . 
  however the whole thing was pinned on the fact that britain had a better navy than everyone else by a country mile . 
  so when germany started making their big bad navy , britain took an interest . 
  also it arguably ended with wwi , or rather , the decade or so preceding wwi . 
  the entente was essentially the beginning of the end of isolation and the invasion of belgium was the final end . 
  after that , britain and france were allies through and through . 
  apart from that bit where de gaulle hated us . 
  deep, 
  can you explain the sage around austria though ? 
  he has come out in favour of it , but if he attempts to pass legislation on it , his own party will be split on the issue . 
  that puts him in a predicament . 
  cameron is for it but he ca n't back it publicly because his backbenchers would crucify him . 
  as with most of what cameron wants , his party is very divided on it edit : cameron is for it and has supported it publicly , my post was poorly worded . 
  eu and leveson are biggest imo . 
  and yet when you point out that many more crimes in the us are committed by blacks , you are called racist . 
  now there 's two possibilities ; the minorities have poor culture and are inherently more likely to commit crimes , or their ethnicity/culture has a secondary and indirect role . 
  i 'm fairly certain that crimes in general are more common among lower income people , seeing as they generally have more incentives to commit crimes . 
  i have it from a certain northern swede that all southern swedes are raving homosexuals , and that the northerners are so secure in their sexuality that they can admire another man 's penis and still feel heterosexual . 
  confirm/deny please ? 
  just kansas iirc, 
  monaco 's prince married some south african girl last year or something, 
  german or germanic ? 
  i 'd guess that there are much less hard feelings in belgium , since i do n't think belgium tried to forcibly integrate the germans, 
  honestly they are n't . 
  a lot of the time unnoticed comments with just a few net votes get voted on en masse and end up at like -76 or something . 
  it 's barely noticeable when they link to the defaults but then when they link to smaller subs its really obvious . 
  yeah exactly you still reap the benefits from awful stuff done a hundred years ago or even 30 years ago , and other people still suffer from it but it seems pretty bad to say `` well i did n't do that awful shit so you 're just going to have to deal with everything '', 
  you ca n't say `` we were ignored '' when opinion polls from the time show that more than half the population supported the war . 
  baffles my mind that something that is pretty much entirely a good thing can generate such crap comments . 
  is that true for aks ? 
  i know for the l85a2 that 's true , we used to only load 28 or 29 even when using blanks but would the same happen for all rifles ? 
  i think the last survey showed that brits make up the single biggest `` nation '' on this subreddit , by quite a long way . 
  middlesbrough is literally considered to be one of the worst places to live in the whole of england . 
  my condolences that you had to live there . 
  well then the corporations pay better than everyone else , and apparently we are just going to be hyper cynical about everyone with any power so whats the fucking point of it all ? 
  everybody is probably corrupt and taking pay from `` the corporations , '' we ca n't trust anyone with power , so there 's nothing to do . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/siberia#/media/file:siberia-federalsubjects.svg its not entirely wrong to say siberia stretches to the pacific . 
  if they win ( which the probably will ) then nothing . 
  i mean im just going off the chart that was posted earlier , where there was srs at the top and then like 10 unrelated subreddits right after , i did n't go out of my way to profile the guy . 
  thanks for the service though . 
  thats not poe 's law in a nutshell . 
  the original definition of poe 's law is more nutshell-friendly than that authentic descartes quote .
