  islanders dying in crossfire and as collateral , argentines dying because they 've been brainwashed into thinking they need to liberate the islanders , and brits dying because some people in buenos aires want to stroke their dick . 
  was n't transylvania transferred to romania from austria hungary after 1915 ? 
  i can see why , from a serb 's pov , they were the main ethnic group , the major government activities were in belgrade , iirc most of the senior politicians were either serbs or considered themselves `` yugoslavs . '', 
  i mean i 'm fairly certain he 's mistaken , i could make the same arguments that england stretches up to the scottish highlands because english people are the majority , the government buildings are almost all in london , most of our leaders have been english or considered themselves `` brits '' yet it would be incorrect to say glasgow and stornoway are england . 
  nobody makes that argument because tensions between the constituent nations are n't that bad the country has been united for 200 years . 
  our winter time is gmt while our summer time is bst . 
  then you have to deal with lunchtime sunrises during winter which sounds cool but it means half your working day is in darkness . 
  they tried permanent dst in russia and people hated it during winter, 
  yeah , what meager support there was for joining the eurozone disappeared when the debt crisis with greece & portugal started . 
  iirc blair was keen on the idea of joining the euro but nobody would voice support for it after it went to shit . 
  how come public opinion of the eu is so bad ? 
  just because of general eurozone crisis worries ? 
  the real argument is that smokers and chronic alcoholics do n't get any sympathy so exorbitant taxes are seen as acceptable . 
  iirc heavy smokers and drinkers save us money by not requiring us to take care of them when they are old and in need of long term care . 
  expensive cigs are more about milking the people who kill themselves . 
  in the uk , evaping is becoming popular but for the last 5 years or so everyone i know who smokes just buys tobacco and rolls their own cigarettes , it 's astronomically cheaper i believe . 
  we were so scientifically advanced that we created , then destroyed , a fucking black hole . 
  all through the power of money, 
   and why 's that ? 
  are the only jobs worthy of parity those that have good pay and are prestigious ? 
  it 's because those jobs are the `` aim '' or many people . 
  people aspire to prestigious jobs . 
  they generally do n't aspire to be construction workers for their whole lives , they do n't aspire to work in a retirement home their whole lives , they do n't aspire to be plumbers their whole lives . 
  some people are happy with that , and some people end up doing just that , but that 's not where most peoples ' aspirations lie . 
  and people care more about representation and equality in the prestigious jobs , in role model jobs , in influential positions than they do in less desirable jobs . 
   is this about making women and men equal in society or just furthering the role of women in society ? 
  it should be about the former , it tends to be about the latter , one could argue that the two are linked . 
  i imagine he includes `` lack of aspirations '' as the system being rigged , whether its intentional to keep women out or ( more likely ) just a byproduct of how it is . 
  are you really hurt that there is n't a clamour for people to be represented in jobs that they do n't want ? 
  besides , i do n't think many would really argue that women are just as capable as men in labour intensive jobs . 
  the focus has always been on white collar type jobs , management positions , things that mostly involve thinking and decision making as opposed to manual labour . 
  the problem is that these tests often do n't actually indicate whether someone is capable of carrying someone else out of a burning building with full kit on , or whether rthey are capable in a combat scenario of dragging an allied soldier to safety , under fire and both decked out in 20 kg of equipment . 
  if i 'm half conscious in a burning building i 'm not asking which of the firemen can do more pull ups or press ups . 
  yes i know . 
  my point is that you ca n't compare x archaic belief or instruction in the bible with y archaic belief or instruction in the qur ` an . 
  plenty of people who identify as christian may not believe jesus actually saw satan in the desert . 
  virtually ever person who identifies as a muslim will say that muhammed actually conversed with gabriel . 
  i 'm not sure what you are trying to say . 
  can you reword that ? 
  in the last 1000 years christians have largely accepted that following everything the bible says is not a fantastic idea . 
  how many christians fast for lent ? 
  many christians are accepting of homosexuals , or do not believe the world was globally flooded , etc. 
  muslims however largely refuse adapting the quran , to interpret in a way that is in line with liberalism and the few who are willing to modernise are shunned by the majority of muslims . 
  where is your money stored then if not in a bank account ? 
  where are you going to keep this electronic copy of your money that is separate from all forms of banking ? 
  how is it going to be secure ? 
  not only for you so that it does n't get stolen but for everyone else so that you ca n't tamper with this private account that apparently has no oversight ? 
  where do people get loans to start businesses ? 
  where do large businesses get investments to expand ? 
  do you have any idea at all how integral banking is to our entire way of life ? 
  why on earth would banks charge negative interest rates ? 
  they make more money from loaning money out ( on mortgages , investments , personal loans , etc ) than they would by taking a small slice off your cash . 
  negative interest rates as a regular thing would be virtually the antithesis of the entire purpose of a bank . 
  yeah here facebook got popular around 2008 and everyone used it quite a lot at the start whereas smartphones i do n't think became popular until after the 3gs came out in 2009 . 
  yeah here facebook got popular around 2008 and everyone used it quite a lot at the start whereas smartphones i do n't think became popular until after the 3gs came out in 2009 . 
  your phone needs to be connected to the internet for this to work . 
  if you run out of battery or your data runs out or the wifi cuts out , no whatsapp, 
  you can put them anywhere you want or turn them off chat heads are the number 1 reason why facebook messenger is better than whatsapp - i do n't have to switch to another app to reply to a message , i can cycle through multiple conversations by tapping the heads , etc. 
  aldi and lidl are a student 's dream come true over here . 
  coming over here pillaging our land . 
  spamming sarcastic remarks about progressives , `` religion of peace , '' `` but i thought x , '' etc. 
  it 's irritating because behind the shitty comment there is a valid point to be made but instead of making it everybody posts worthless , self-gratifying comments for a quick chuckle and internet points, 
  well it 's an article that claims a famous , clever person dislikes political correctness , so yes it was destined for the front page . 
  it 's already been on the front page on / r/kia , / r/ukpolitics , / r/unitedkingdom and / r/conservative . 
  who knows , it might go onto worldnews or news next, 
  the telegraph also neglects to link the video last i read the article because ... cleese has a little rant about the nations ' newspapers being complete drivel, 
  the concept is n't ridiculous until the scope is stretched out to the point that safe spaces become default . 
  the idea is that if you feel discriminated against but think that ( or know that ) if you spoke about your experiences you would be dismissed or mocked or otherwise told that you were wrong without anyone really listening , you can go to a safe space where people will empathise with the idea that you feel rejected because you are bisexual , or that you feel as though people socially stereotype you because you 're asian , or even that you think that people would mock you for telling them about your anxiety or depression . 
  the problem seems to be when safe spaces are extended and an entire campus is immediately assumed to be a safe space . 
  the real crazy idea is that people will decide to read those `` unbiased '' reports instead if sensationalist ones . 
   elizabeth committed pretty brutal acts of persecution . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  elizabeth 's reign saw the repealing of old anti heresy laws and the penalties for not attending church under the act of uniformity was a fine , compared to torture and burning at the stake that heretics got under other rulers . 
  i 'm not fully versed on the details regarding policy in ireland during her reign but she was a very hands-off monarch and it 's ridiculous to blame her for the actions of generals/governors/commanders in ireland . 
   what does any of this has to do with the vile sterilization and re-writing of history that some of this people wish for ? 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  they want a statue to be taken down because they believe the man it honours is not worthy of a statue , despite his contributions to the university . 
  they are n't demanding the history books be rewritten . 
  i assume you mean historiography ? 
  and how is it `` political correctness in its purest form ? '', 
  probably not an actual law but i do n't think anyone would actually let him get to that position . 
  it was the largest city in the entire world for almost 100 years , there was a fairly gradual counter-urbanisation after the onset of war that did n't really reverse until the 80s/90s . 
  the growth in the last 20-30 years has been astounding , partly driven by people moving down to london from elsewhere and partly driven by a huge amount of immigration . 
   imagine that st. peters church would have to be stripped of catholic symbolism yes , that would be pretty awful but then st. peter 's is a building drenched in catholicism . 
  to purge it of catholicism would be to completely destroy it - the same as purging hindu traits from the temples in varanasi or liberalism from the french constitution . 
  cecil rhodes is not a foundational part of oxford , he 's not a cornerstone of culture and life there , he 's not integral to the very being of the university . 
  and most certainly , his statue in front of a single college is not any of those things . 
  someone doing mathematics at saint cross college could spend their whole course without ever seeing the statue . 
  do you think someone could go to st. peter 's for even half an hour and not see the catholic symbolism ? 
  of course , removing a statue of cecil rhodes from in front of a single college at oxford is the precedent to rewriting history . 
  disinviting is indeed perfectly fine - if a union has invited a speaker then later decides they no longer want that speaker to speak they are perfectly within their rights to disinvite them . 
  you may consider it rude to disinvite someone without a very good reason but it 's nothing troubling or worrying . 
  no platforming is somewhat different - if a union decides to not allow x figure to come to union events or non-union events in union venues then i do n't think that 's inherently problematic . 
  again it 's rude , especially when it comes to e.g. 
  refusing a student society permission to invite a certain , non-inciteful speaker but it 's not some worrying precedent or potential escalation . 
  when it comes to harassing or heckling invited speakers etc. 
  at non-union events in non-union venues i think that 's a complete overreach and should n't be tolerated - a protest outside the event is fine but harassment inside the event is not . 
  in any case i do n't think any of them should be encouraged , i think they should generally be discouraged but i do n't think they 're the top of some slippery slope to widespread censorship . 
   also , if you had read the article you 'd know that it 's the high tuitions that are actually part of the problem , as the unis see their students as ` customers ' and fulfill every stupid wish to not lose them . 
  that 's a single hypothesis put forward by the article .
