  it 's not a fact at all - do you really think oxford university is held hostage by its students out of fear of driving them away ? 
  they reject nearly 80 % of applicants to their university , they are not shaking in their boots thinking `` oh we ca n't stand up to these students because otherwise we 'd have no money ! '', 
  let alone the fact that when it comes down to it , most university students would n't abandon a course they had already paid for in part and studied for in part because the university would n't take down a statue . 
  let 's not even consider that oxford students would probably prefer to stay and graduate from one of the most prestigious universities in the world . 
  what is far more likely in my opinion is simply that the people who were in charge of making the decision to board up the rhodes statue shared the belief that veneration of cecil rhodes was not something they wanted to continue doing . 
  the statue ( to my knowledge ) was not a requirement for oxford to have before using his bequeathment . 
   stripping humanity of our right to history . 
  how are they doing that ? 
  they are n't campaigning for rhodes to be struck from alumni records , for classes involving him to focus only on critiquing him . 
  there 's no attempt to rewrite the history books . 
  what university is it ? 
  and what exactly did you say ? 
  when blurred lines was popular a * lot * of people interpreted it as a song about pressuring someone into sex despite their saying `` no '' because they obviously wanted it . 
  a lot of student unions refused the play the song on their radio shows/club nights . 
  to my knowledge no student was ever forbidden from playing the song in their own room or kitchen or whatever . 
  not sure about sombreros but presumably some su somewhere has banned them during fancy dress parties . 
  obviously , a students ' union being overzealous is going to be the downfall of free speech . 
  or perhaps they were banned at a club fancy dress night because they 're fucking huge - i wore a cowboy hat to a halloween party and even that was sometimes hitting people in the head , a sombrero would be twice as bad . 
  as for atheists to my knowledge some people who are atheists have been disinvited/no platformed by certain students unions . 
  no university has completely banned atheists from its campus . 
  bread in central asia is absolutely incredible . 
  at least in uzbekistan and kyrgyzstan it was . 
  maybe it 's easy but it 's a hundred times easier to smuggle weapons in the normal way with smugglers on shipping routes . 
  it 's representative democracy for one - it 's not like we vote on how much money to spend on foreign aid . 
  and for another , i do not imagine there is a large portion of the electorate who bases their vote primarily on what each party plans to do with foreign aid . 
  how is it misleading ? 
  sounds about as shit as the german and french lessons i had . 
  0 emphasis on conversational skills or reading something like a newspaper , full emphasis on writing essays about your school , town , etc. 
  and the oral parts were just memorising your essays and reciting them . 
  yet you do n't bother to correct yourself or acknowledge your mistake in the main post you made . 
  i would n't say the place is racist just fairly anti-refugee and anti-economic migration . 
  stormfront has pointed at / r/europe and other places on reddit as `` recruiting grounds '', 
   but that does n't mean it 's not there in large quantities . 
  in the last 20 years , sure , but in the 50 years before that ? 
  it was barely an issue outside of the arab-israeli conflict and the indo-pakistani conflicts . 
  it 's been nationalist uprisings in asia and africa along with communist/capitalist conflicts all over the world . 
  i very much doubt colombians and guatemalans see islam as a major source of their woes in the past century , or vietnamese people , or koreans , or south africans , or ugandans , or tibetans . 
  not every violent action taken by a muslim person or group is due to their religion . 
  otherwise are we going to say that christianity was the primary source of genocide of native americans and slavery and oppression of the world ? 
  did the prussians , austrians and russians oppress the poles because of their christianity ? 
   islam has been the main source of war since the end of ww2 uh what ? 
  how the hell are you getting this ? 
  the major sources of war since ww2 have been nationalist uprisings . 
  if any ideology can be labelled as the major source of war , it would be communism owing purely to the sheer number of proxy wars , guerrilla campaigns , etc. 
  carried out in the 45 years after ww2 ended . 
  perhaps since 2000 you can claim islam is * the * major source of war due to the war on terror + islamist involvement in the arab spring . 
  yes send * all * the foreigners back . 
  it 's not a matter of one thing its a matter of doing things like that instead of denouncing fringe parts of the movement and anonymous bloggers and commenters on the internet . 
  probably because they are a bit more busy pushing for the first male rape victim centre in the world to be opened . 
  the drop at 30 is going to be due to over a dozen factors . 
  would be fair if it was the only factor affecting this . 
  there 's less than a dozen bishops in the lords and over 700 members in total . 
  as with most bills , they criticize and offer insight on matters that they have knowledge over ( fairly certain they are all theology graduates but i could be wrong ), 
  like the dirty , pathetic polish , dutch , french , belgian , danish , greek , etc. 
  cowards who ran away from their countries in world war 2 ? 
  or the cowardly spaniards who left when their country was enveloped in civil war for 3 years ? 
  is it tolerant enough to tolerate women who want to wear hijabs ? 
   that always spells failure in the long term . 
  what happens if that mix of different styles and influences expands so that austrian cuisine is influenced by turkish or uzbek or syrian cuisine ? 
   they wo n't be able to integrate into society because even if they are a perfect fit some close minded people will perpetually see them as the `` other '' if you think natives will accept someone for wearing a hijab or a kimono why would they accept them if they wore a t shirt and jeans ? 
  what is the difference between deciding someone does n't belong because of their skin colour and deciding someone does n't belong because of their head scarf ? 
  you do n't know it but you 've actually just become a pashtun . 
  so if you emigrate you should never cook your home country 's food ? 
  you should n't keep in contact with other people who 've moved from the same place and have parties or get together where you speak your first language and listen to music from your home ? 
  you should n't have any traditional clothes at all even if you want to carry on with your old traditions and religious rites ? 
  should hindus in austria be allowed to celebrate diwali ? 
  should they be allowed to cook the food from their home cultures ? 
  should they be allowed to listen to hindu prayers and music ? 
  should they be allowed to dress in saris and sherwanis ? 
  are they allowed to build their own temples and have a big celebration for anyone else who wants to come ? 
  i agree that if they try to force people to do things or try to enforce illiberal values where they are not wanted they should be challenged but i do n't see the issue with people practicing their old traditions . 
  melanin blocks some of the uv b so the darker your skin the longer you need to get sun before you produce enough vitamin d. i ca n't see it being a huge problem for people wearing hijabs but burka and niqabs are probably bigger problems . 
  anecdotally i 'd say that i 've seen girls who wear hijabs and short sleeve t shirts/low cut tops/etc . 
  but on the rare occasion i see someone wearing a niqab or burka they are covered almost everywhere . 
  labour areas voted to leave because successive governments for 30 years have not done anything to invest in them after their industrial economies were left to die . 
  why are you talking all over this thread as though trade officials from the eu and the us negotiating a deal is mutually exclusive with clamping down on tax evasion ? 
  it 's mind boggling that you 're getting upvoted when half of your posts boil down to `` if we have a trade agreement then we literally can not do anything about tax evasion '' ireland is a tax haven , it 's in the eu . 
  hundreds of huge companies base their eu operations out of ireland for the tax benefits ( e.g. 
  starbucks , apple ) i do n't see you whining about the fact that ireland being in the eu is costing you billions of euros . 
   clinton and obama need support and achieving anything does grant points in the public opinion . 
  that s kinda why they are pushing it to the end or why obama started supporting clinton against trump . 
  i refuse to sell my country for their own political ambitions . 
  what on earth are you talking about ? 
  obama does n't need support , he is probably never going to stand for election ever again . 
  obama is supporting clinton against trump because trump would be a horrible president and clinton is a democrat who obama has worked with and agrees with on many issues . 
  he only started supporting her recently because he did n't want to be seen as interfering in the primaries , as soon as clinton won he was willing to publicly support her . 
   we do n't ened it . 
  we need to fight tax evasion because of course if the eu trade team is negotiating a trade agreement that means nobody in the eu can clamp down on tax evasion . 
  better stop everything else the government does until tax evasion is dealt with . 
   it also brings desastrous requirement for food that is just gon na destroy our public health policies by going backward in terms of tracability and way of productiong . 
  it also allow the us to overrun our markets . 
  the fda 's standards for food are ridiculously tough to the point where many food exporters who try to export to the us think that the standards there are ridiculous . 
   ttip is a us for us and third world countries deal . 
  there are no third world countries involved in ttip , it is between the eu states and the us . 
  tpp is probably going to have incredible benefits for `` third world '' states like vietnam but ttip has only indirect effects . 
   also food and safety standards what about them ? 
  the fda is far more strict regarding what can be legally sold than any eu body is . 
  broadly speaking the eu demands proof of safety for everything before it is sold whereas the us only demands proof of safety for certain things ( food , drugs , etc. ), 
  but the us standards in those areas tend to be much stronger . 
  funny how the first letter of every sentence in that link spells `` i am paid to shill for juncker '',
