  the only subreddit they go to that you could imagine something like that being said seriously in is srs . 
  the rest of their subreddits have virtually nothing to do with feminism , mostly current events , hobby and content subreddits . 
  tip of the iceberg that includes games , worldnews , funny , uk , bicycling and movies , well known bastions of radfem thought ? 
  and its not as though it was a serious bloody comment . 
  the us one has the largest number of stuff available but there 's so much complete crap on it . 
  i constantly find it does n't have a lot of well-known shows & movies that canadian , british and dutch netflix have . 
  dutch netflix is actually really good . 
  a few shows and films i 've only been able to watch through it . 
  does it ? 
  huh i thought you were op, 
  wearing a lewd shirt to work = ok if nobody at work is upset by it . 
  this is something i agree with you on . 
  aborting babies because they will be homosexual or discriminating against fat people in a field that does n't rely on physical fitness = not ok . 
  being part of the team that discovered the structure of dna does n't give you a get out of jail free card on everything else you say or do . 
  ah yes , who better to defend than james watson who thinks it 's fine to abort babies because they would be homosexual , or that he felt sorry for fat people he was interviewing because he would never hire them . 
  you actually believe that 50 % of rape accusations are made falsely ? 
  as in the accuser knew they were lying ? 
   you think people would brigade a place like this over a long period of time for no actual material gain ? 
  stormfront , iirc , recommended its users try to `` recruit '' people who post in r/conspiracy , r/european , etc. 
  jfk became popular after lbj finished his second term , because all of lbj 's great stuff was dedicated to kennedy 's aspirations ; support for civil rights , the apollo programme , the great society , etc. 
  europeans die all over the world . 
  if a european dies on a rollercoaster in brazil do we post that here ? 
  if a company with european investors collapses in bhutan do we post that here ? 
  nah it is n't, 
  rofl most nations `` rules '' are vague and open to interpretation . 
  by that logic why bother having rules and moderators at all ? 
  if the people of this subreddit want to discuss bank robbery in chile why not let them ? 
  if they want to turn it into a forum for taxidermy enthusiasts , why stop them ? 
  they neglected to act for a number of reasons . 
  `` community tensions '' was a reason primarily cited by councillors who chose not to do anything about it . 
  there are claims from the girls who were abused ( in rotherham at least , not sure about birmingham ) that they would go to report the rape and the police officers laughed them out of the station , or told them they wanted it really , or that they deserved it , etc. 
  political correctness is one of many causes and factors behind these grooming gangs and by focusing entirely on it we risk ignoring and minimising the impact of other contributory factors . 
  i find it ridiculous that you have managed to pin it all on the `` sjws . '', 
  fun fact ; some of the victims were from minority ethnicities and races ( oh wait thats nots a fun fact ) . 
  was it the `` sjw anti-white crusade '' that was behind police commissioners covering up child abuse by jimmy savile ? 
  was it the vehement anti-white movement that stopped that white man being properly investigated when it was virtually common knowledge that he was abusing children ? 
  this is a problem with a number of different groups that ultimately did n't think that the safety of children was more important than a bunch of older people having fun . 
  extreme political correctness definitely played a part , but i have seen nothing from official reports that claim it was the most significant factor . 
  and if you have n't read it , the official report re : rotherham is very thorough . 
  he 's not trying to argue about ttip being great he 's trying to explain the reasoning behind secretive negotiations and why he thinks the opposition to isds is a pointless panic, 
  tariffs are already rock bottom between the eu and the usa . 
  there are major barriers to trade and competition in other forms ; regulations that differ in method but have the same results are a big one , if a french company has to do another set of tests to sell their product in the us when those tests prove the same thing that european regulations and testing have already proved , then why not standardise those regulations and make them the same across the atlantic ? 
  if this passes in the ep then a body representing the eu population has passed it . 
  if you do n't think that constitutes this being an agreement then i do n't see how you can be ok with any eu or national government legislation that is passed without a referendum . 
  because information is power , especially in diplomacy and international relations . 
  if two parties are advocating for two different sides and one of then knows everything about what the other wants , does n't want , ca n't abide , etc then they have a massive advantage when they are at the table . 
  might be translation issues but i remember a swedish guy saying `` viper '' as `` wiper '', 
  i 've also heard swedes pronounce `` v '' as `` w '' but i 'm not sure if that is widespread or not . 
  the excessive use of violence ( sa ) is not democratic . 
  preventing members of the reichstag from voting , intimidating voters , having affiliated groups murder citizens is not democracy . 
  hitler attained power through a continued perversion of a democratic system . 
  the march 1933 elections occurred after the reichstag fire which hitler used to severely restrict the actions left wing parties could take and even arrested communist party leaders . 
  they were not free or fair elections . 
  hitler did n't take power democratically . 
  his party won around a third of the vote in 1933 , a year after he lost the presidential election . 
  i do n't think they even wanted to do it , they threw it in so they had something to give up in coalition agreements while appeasing the hardliners . 
  it 's like that futurama episode where leela demands the death of every first born son , so she can drop it later and look like she 's making concessions . 
  depends on the app . 
  i can see text but not an image . 
  no , people will turn to comfort before they look inward . 
  if you stop talking to someone because he became a crack head he will just find people who tolerate and enable him because its easier than changing himself ideally what would happen is what you said about talking to them about it and criticising their view while not driving them away . 
  right , academics who disagree with populist ideas must be paid by the 0.01 % to spread propaganda on their behalf . 
  that 's why all the analysis of nafta is complete junk and does n't hold up to even a novice 's review . 
  really ? 
  the eu council is literally made up of democratically elected leaders . 
  cameron , merkel , etc. 
  i think he 's just making a rude joke . 
  nah mate the corporations are going to enact it in secret and we 'll only get to see the full treaty 5 years after its done . 
   i 'm all for equal rights for men and women so are most feminists  therefore there is no reason to be apart of the movement in the uk do you reject the concept of institutional discrimination ? 
  i want negotiations to continue . 
  right now we are only getting leaks of parts of the document , and as was always going to be the case when individual parts are leaked , focus and attention jumps onto a few aspects , and we even get media outlets desperate for pageviews reporting on suggestions and proposals as if they were planned additions that had been thoroughly discussed . 
  we really do not know how the rest of the treaty will work . 
  it 's typically a dbs check . 
  i had a job working at a school and that 's all it was for me , although it was a pretty low key job . 
  talking to my deputy head , other than the dbs check the interviews they do for permanent teacher applicants are half to check for competency and half basically to vett their persona . 
  `` why do you want to work with kids ? '', 
  sort of questions . 
   large monarchic empire never lasted long in the modern age , no , but prior to 1789 it certainly did . 
  the habsburg empire lasted 300 years , the ottoman empire for 600 years , etc. 
  based on my experiences with alien blue , you ca n't view most anything on it . 
  articles would n't load properly , vimeo crashed the client , everything except imgur and youtube was awful . 
  try amrc, 
  to be honest i think its you who is delusional . 
  maybe this deal will reduce health and environmental standards , but it is very hard to say that more free trade will `` enrich fat fucks at the expense of everyone else '', 
  signing a trade agreement is * what you do * once you are satisfied the terms inside it are fair . 
  if you are going to refuse signing a treaty because of its evil name regardless of what the final terms of the treaty say , why the fuck would you go to the negotiating table in the first place ? 
  that 's not what is happening at all . 
  this article is ridiculously sensationalist . 
  slavery is wholly inefficient since you need people to have money to buy your goods . 
  why ? 
  so many proposals leads to really bad voter fatigue . 
  switerland has way lower turnout rates than other democracies because people do n't want to vote in 10 referendums, 
  she is turkish . 
  if they lived in a nation with public health insurance they would save the taxpayer untold million by killing themselves before they hit 50 , and saving other people the cost of supporting them through old age . 
  less than 1 million people with dementia in the uk costs us # 26 billion a year . 
  smokers , alcoholics and the morbidly obese save money . 
  the world does not cling close to the concept of westphalian sovereignty . 
  current ideas of sovereignty have their origins in 1648 , but the world has changed a lot in the last 370 years . 
  if you have access , [ this ] ( http://journals.cambridge.org/action/displayabstract?frompage=online&amp;aid=164697 ) is one of the most cited articles on westphalian sovereignty . 
  can you explain why ttip is bad , as opposed to something we should be keeping our eye on in case it ends up being bad ?
