  how do we complete the sentence ? 
  the greeks ' defeating the persians made it possible for greek culture to be transmitted across the generations . 
  that was not a deterministic process -- each generation 's decision-makers to varying degrees had to accept and propagate its distinctive greek inheritance of independent , naturalistic thinking , and to the extent that each generation did it developed a culture of rationality , creativity , innovation , science , and artistry . 
  as historians we can see the positive evidence for those connections as they played out across time : the western european decision-makers of the 300-1000s largely rejected the greek philosophy and declined into the dark ages ; but further east byzantium continued to flourish , keeping the greek texts and ideas alive ; the decision-makers of the 1100s to 1400s rediscovered and rejuvenated the greeks and the renaissance ensued ; and so on . 
  what counts as evidence here ? 
  we can imagine victorious persians stamping out greek culture or dispirited greeks letting themselves slide into insignificance . 
  but we can also imagine a more relaxed persian regime content with tribute or tenacious greeks keeping the flame alive and rebelling a few years later . 
   it has n't solved the problem , has it ? 
  short of a ground invasion nothing is going to `` solve the problem '' in under a year isis have lost a staggering amount of territory since the uk+f rance have started extending the bombing campaign into syria . 
   and as far as i know you ca n't give the nationality of people you have n't identified . 
  that 's just what the lying german government wants you to think . 
  micah x was blacklisted from black power groups for being unstable and too extreme . 
  that 's generally why most brits in the eu are referred to as expats . 
  expat usually carries connotations that they are n't going to fully integrate - low effort to learn the local language , find a home nation community to socialise in and perhaps even an eventual plan to return `` home '' after their job is over . 
  so very often expats are put in another country by their company e.g. 
  lots of british oil workers in kazakhstan have 0 intention of staying or learning kazakh , maybe minimal efforts to learn basic russian . 
  labour could have formed a coalition with the lib dems + a bunch of smaller parties i think ( `` rainbow coalition '' ) but it would have been way less stable . 
  you are right that clegg felt it was more `` right '' to ask the largest party to form a coalition first . 
  for the lib dems yes , for the uk i do n't think so . 
  a re-election where the conservatives get a majority would have been far worse . 
  and the whole time a new election was going on , businesses and investors would have fuck all knowledge of what was going to happen . 
  he put people like benn in because stuffing his cabinet with people like mcdonnell and diane abbot would have turned his front bench into the monster raving loony party . 
  ukip is n't really libertarian . 
  at its all over the place with brexit as the only unifying agenda . 
  farage and the older members of ukip are far more of a thatcherite group than a libertarian group, 
  negotiations were going on before . 
  after the election they just stopped talking to labour because they did n't have enough seats . 
  the conservatives would have picked minority government or another election over electoral reform, 
  funnily enough , the collapse of the lib dems in 2015 directly led to the majority conservative government . 
  the vast majority of lib dem seats lost went to the conservatives . 
  they went into coalition because they believed that leaving th future of the country uncertain in the middle of an economic crisis was the worst thing they could do . 
  no , to be eligible to vote in national elections you have to be a british , irish or commonwealth citizen . 
  eu citizens resident here can vote in elections for the european parliament ( not anymore tho lol ) but not national elections . 
  it is quite difficult to get a british passport as a non-commonwealth citizen i think , my parents did n't get to vote for around 20 years after coming here . 
  a friend of mine moved here when he was maybe 3 or 4 and got citizenship at around 13 . 
  on the plus side , i 'll soon have a limited edition british passport with `` european union '' on the front page . 
  no but i think he was very worried that coverage on high migrant/refugee numbers would drive up support for leave even more . 
  uk passport is one of the best in the world wrt visa free travel . 
  there are lots and lots of countries that we have deals with effectively for preferential treatment . 
  referendum is n't binding at all . 
  the only votes that are binding are general election results . 
  however the government has never disobeyed a referendum result in the past , to do so now would be insane - if cameron is worried about his position as pm , then ignoring a referendum will get him booted easily . 
  cameron wanted the referendum before summer wave of migrants i imagine . 
  it dropped a huge amount after newcastle result was announced . 
  looking back over quite a few months there has n't been a single drop or rise with a similar magnitude to this . 
  it seems most likely to be a panic reaction but that does n't necessarily mean the pound wo n't continue to drop . 
  i 'm hoping for a remain vote but early indications are not good , we can only hope that they are n't representative of the whole nation . 
  there was a poll published in one of the pro-remain papers ( might have been the indy or the guardian ) that said everything that i said - most british voters believe the 350 million figure ( i.e. 
  more than half ) , and other things that indicate the remain campaign has been unsuccessful with its economic arguments . 
   for the economic argument everyone knows there will be some form of downturn that 's the thing - the voters are n't buying the remain economic argument . 
  they think we send 350 million a week to the eu and we do n't see a penny of it back . 
  they think they 'll be better off 5 years after brexit compared to 5 years after remain . 
  remain is unfortunately losing the economic argument despite the backing of the vast majority of economists and independent institutions in the world who have bothered to comment . 
  perhaps , but the polls never showed a clear lead for yes in scotland 's case . 
  a couple of polls gave them the win , but it was neck and neck going in , with a shift toward no on the day . 
  likewise we can expect a shift toward remain on the day , but the polls are showing 3-10 point clear leads for leave for two weeks , that 's long enough to not be a statistical anomaly . 
  at the moment i honestly think it 's about 50/50 . 
  i hope remain can pull it back , but i 'm not sure they can , because the lynch pin of the campaign , the economic case that brexit will leave us worse off , has not resounded . 
  meanwhile , the immigration argument has gone well for leave as has the democracy/sovereignty argument , though i do n't think that those arguments are as persuasive as economic/immigration ones . 
  places that do n't have good job prospects or significant investment in developing new opportunities . 
  since they do n't give a shit about getting a job , that does n't affect them , and it 's still spain with its lower prices , nicer wine , better weather and entire communities of british expats refusing to learn spanish . 
   working time directive is n't optional . 
  an employee can opt out of the 48 hour working week if they choose to , but they ca n't be discriminated against for it . 
  and every other part of the directive applies . 
  so if you 're an employer and your new employee refuses to opt out of the 48 hour working week , are you going to put that employee on the fast track to the top ? 
  are you going to actively give them important roles ? 
  are you going to go out of your way to get them training ? 
  it 's optional to sign it , but if you want that job to have opportunities for you then you pretty much have to sign it . 
  any company is going to put more effort into developing workers ' skills if that worker is willing to work overtime and unreasonable hours , it 's just a basic tit for tat relationship . 
  i would not be so sure about the result . 
  the polls have swung hard to leave in the last few weeks , and the most damning and worrying evidence is that the british people do not believe the economic arguments made by remain , which were the cornerstone of the remain campaign . 
  more than half believe the 350 million a week figure , almost nobody believes cameron 's # 4800 worse off figure , a majority believe that they will be better off in 5 years time after brexit , less than half believe that brexit will cause a significant economic downturn either in the uk or in the world , etc. 
  a month ago i would have agreed with you 100 % , but the polls have moved and have stayed that way for some 2 weeks now , and the principle arguments the remain campaign have put forward have n't succeeded . 
  no , he 's making this up . 
  ukip attracts a lot of anti-establishment voters ( since their previous outlets , the lib dems , were in government and are now seen as part of the establishment ) but the leave campaign is n't really marked by anti-establishment types . 
  it 's mostly marked by people who want immigration to go down especially for unskilled workers and people who have unfortunately bought into the economic argument ( i.e. 
  350 mil a week , no significant economic risks from leaving , etc. ), 
  that brexit would benefit or at the very least not significantly disadvantage the average brit . 
  i always chuckle at this graph . 
  i wonder who these ukip voters are who do n't support leaving the eu ? 
   in sum , in the uk this referendum does n't fit neatly into a traditional left vs right paradigm . 
  brexit supporters are principally aiming to dethrone the `` establishment '' , whether it is left or right . 
  i agree that it does n't fit into a typical left/right paradigm but i do n't think it 's just an anti-establishment movement . 
  there are a lot of traditional labour working class voters ( especially farmers and fishermen ) who are ardently pro-leave and it 's not because they 're disgruntled with the establishment , it 's because the eu regulations disadvantage domestic fishermen and farmers in the here and now - of course you could argue that regulations are needed for environmental reasons , or to avoid damaging other eu economies by driving competition out , and you may be right but the farmers and fishermen do n't care about that , they care about how much they 're able to earn in their jobs . 
   stealing ! = owning . 
  i 'm going to assume that you 're not an aboriginal australian - why are you living on stolen land ? 
  when elgin took the marbles , they had been in ottoman hands for about as long as australia has been in british/austrlian hands today . 
   weights on data without disclosed formulae  https://d25d2506sfb94s.cloudfront.net/cumulus_uploads/document/dj1huiytu2/times_scotland_results_170314_indy2_website.pdf you can look at the weighting done , they almost always do it to match the voting demographics . 
  note that snp respondees were given increased weight while those who voted for labour , the conservatives or the lib dems were given reduced weighting . 
   the 57 / 43 number is in fact 48 / 37 where they decided to allocate 9 % to `` no '' and 6 % to `` yes '' , arbitrarily , from the `` unknown '' voters it 's standard practice in polls to include dks in one section and exclude them in another because the questions here are almost always phrased as `` if there was a vote tomorrow , how would you vote ''  sample size of `` times '' readers , includes pro-remain bias why do you think it 's a sample of times readers ? 
  it was commissioned by them , that does n't mean they had anything to do with the sample or the questions or anything . 
  there 's no information on that page regarding turnout by age . 
  small is relative as well . 
  70 % of young people turning out when 90 % of old people turnout will lead to a result more skewed towards old people than 50 % young turnout and 55 % old turnout . 
  lol that 's some fantastic spin . 
  https://d25d2506sfb94s.cloudfront.net/cumulus_uploads/document/dj1huiytu2/times_scotland_results_170314_indy2_website.pdf where do you think the times had undue influence in this poll that would have caused a skewed result towards pro-union, 
  https://d25d2506sfb94s.cloudfront.net/cumulus_uploads/document/dj1huiytu2/times_scotland_results_170314_indy2_website.pdf there 's the raw data including every question they asked , the demographics of the respondees and the results they got . 
  what exactly is biased about it ? 
   if there were a referendum and this was the question , how would you vote ? 
  should scotland be an independent country ?
