  i ca n't wait to see the negative score on this comment despite it being completely factual . 
  looming ? 
   the last thing i heard the entire treaty is publicly available . 
  why do n't you read it , or assuming you are like me and do n't really understand trade why do n't you look up what other people have to say about it ? 
  i really do n't understand how that comment got such a high score it said nothing of value . 
  `` regulations are bad '' `` all our problems will go away if we clamp down on tax evasion '' `` the eu needs to prop up french agriculture even more than they already do '' `` the germans need to ~ ~ hurt their own economy ~ ~ stop producing so much '', 
   leak fake polling data suggesting opposition is based on ignorance do you have any evidence that the polling data about the reasons lisbon was rejected in the first irish referendum was faked ? 
  `` based on ignorance '' is one way of putting it , the other way is that nobody bothered to explain to irish voters what the referendum was about and why the government and the eu wanted it to be approved . 
  nobody blamed irish people for being ignorant , they in fact realised they had n't even tried to present a positive case for the referendum issue , and that many of the people who had gone out of their way to investigate it themselves had issues with the treaty which were later addressed via special provisions . 
   what does the ec do then ? 
  ignore the vote ? 
  well it literally ca n't pass without all the national parliaments agreeing on it . 
  the eu can not ignore national governments/parliaments when it comes to implementing new legislation because if they go ahead anyway then those national parliaments who rejected it will simply not enforce the terms of the treaty . 
  if e.g. 
  germany and denmark enforce the terms of the treaty because they passed it but belgium and poland did n't it would be bad for the eu compared to nobody passing it - the whole point of the eu is to attain harmony in things like regulations between the member states so taking a course of action where the member states effectively have different regulations would be counter productive . 
   make some minor changes to the text then pass it claiming they 've listened to the voters ? 
  do you know how a treaty works ? 
  negotiators from all parties will push and pull for what they want and ideally at the end of it , the heads of states of the negotiating parties ( i believe for the eu this is the council , in effect ) will sign the treaty to say `` we are happy to present this deal to our parliaments for ratification '' if a parliament rejects that signed treaty , any alterations to the treaty must be again signed off on by every single negotiating party before the new deal is presented to parliaments for ratification . 
  if poland ( as an example ) is the only eu state to reject this treaty in its parliament and after that the negotiators change the treaty to address what the sejm was opposing and the new amended treaty is approved by all parliaments what is the problem ? 
  it 's not finished being negotiated . 
  once it has finished the treaty will be public for a while so that a ) politicians can look over it + analyse it with their aides/parties , b ) the public can see what is in it in case there are bad provisions and c ) so that businesses have time to adapt to any changed regulatory standards ( both european and american businesses ) so that they can continue producing/exporting without a sudden shock . 
  nobody knows what is in the core of the agreement . 
  everything that is leaked could be anything from definite terms that will be agreed upon by everyone to ludicrous demands or offers that the demanding/offering party has no intention of actually attaining . 
  i do n't know about most of the west but in the uk you can have tinted windows for the back seat windows . 
  front seat windows have to be untinted . 
  if police need to see into the back seat they are going to stop the car and can ask for the windows to be rolled down . 
  i would say that the risk of an `` ambush '' from behind tinted windows is extremely low in europe as well . 
   they do n't want to wear this shit . 
  they 're told/instructed/expected to . 
  literally nobody wants to wear a burqa ? 
  like literally not a single person is choosing to wear one ? 
  every last woman who wears a burqa is being forced into doing so ? 
  you wo n't even entertain the possibility that even 1 woman wants to wear a burqa ? 
  psst look at my flair, 
  identify in what context ? 
  if they are stopped and asked to show identification ? 
  in which case they can remove the item of clothing for the purposes of identification . 
  identify in case they commit a crime and run ? 
  well then virtually anything can make it difficult to identify someone depending on the circumstances . 
  a high collared jacket that obscures the face partially . 
  sunglasses . 
  a hat . 
  a party mask . 
  tinted windows and locking your boot is illegal in your country ? 
  where are you from ? 
  that sounds pretty ridiculous . 
  what if you just do n't want to show your face ? 
  what if you 're a performance artist making a statement by covering your face ? 
  what if you have extremely sensitive skin and need to protect it from the sun when you 're out ? 
  burqa do n't threaten national security anymore than someone driving around with tinted windows and a locked boot . 
  or someone who refuses to allow police to search their house without a warrant . 
   religious outings in public are disrecpectful to your fellow human beings that might not share the same ideology . 
  if there was an election going on in your country would you be in favour of banning political activists from wearing rosettes or holding rallies in public because they might be * offensive * to people who do n't share the same ideology ? 
  well duh if we force women to not wear a certain garment it makes them more free . 
  it 's not like a woman who is legitimately being forced into wearing something as a precondition to leaving the house will be banned from leaving the house . 
  instead , everybody will immediately understand that it 's not ok to force women to do anything . 
  `` nobody but crazies wants to do it and if they say otherwise then they 're lying and i 'm right '', 
  so a niqab is ok since you can see their eyes ? 
  what about a balaclava , you can still see their mouth and eyes with that ? 
  you ca n't tell if a teenage girl is wearing loose fitting jeans and a long sleeved top because she wants to or because her dad is forcing her to dress modestly . 
  you ca n't tell if a married woman is wearing an unflattering sweater because she wants to or because her husband is forcing her to . 
  do we mandate that women should bare their shoulders and neck in public , just to be sure that they are n't being forced into wearing something ? 
  it 's been signed , it 's up for ratification . 
  the signing process is a formal way for all negotiating parties to declare that they are happy with the treaty as is and would like to put it to their legislatures for ratification . 
  london was untouched by blitzkrieg . 
  london was a target of the blitz . 
   the third camp are retards i assume you are a historian and can back up that claim with sources ? 
  or you can debunk the sources used by the third camp who believe the battle 's significance is overstated ? 
  i think spain have said that they would veto entry of unilateral secessionist states . 
  so if scotland declared independence and westminster did n't say `` ok '' ( which they are extremely unlikely to do in the immediate future ) they would veto , but if westminster agreed to a second referendum and agreed to honour the result , i do n't think spain would veto . 
  the idea is to discourage the catalans from declaring independence without madrid 's say-so, 
  it would stop spoilers but it would not be immune to tactical voting . 
  that is what av is . 
  multi-seat av is effectively stv . 
  av is n't necessarily more representative for parliaments . 
  a study found that the 1997 election results ( 40 % of the vote for labour , some 60 % of the seats ) would have been even more distorted in labour 's favour if av had been in place . 
  it works well for when everyone is voting on the same thing - leadership elections , presidential elections , etc. 
  in nationwide parliamentary elections it ends up just entrenching the main parties even more , since you need 50 % + to win a seat so whichever party is most palatable will win . 
  you just get the chance to show your support for smaller parties in the first round . 
  virtually everyone who was for will be angry . 
  a large number of the people who were against will also be angry at them ignoring democracy . 
   in principle , ____ seems awful but they seem to do more good than harm can basically be applied to the vast majority of our political system really . 
  why do we have a monarchy ? 
  why do we have the lords ? 
  why do n't we write down the rules and say what the punishments are for breaking them ? 
  who knows , but it does the job . 
  parliament ca n't make anything binding . 
  even if the eu referendum act said `` this referendum will be binding '' parliament could completely ignore it , or abolish it . 
   js mill wrote about how if the persians had conquered greece western civilization would never have existed . 
  western civilization was european to him . 
  source for that ? 
  literally the only thing i can find by mill on that is his belief that marathon was more important than hastings to british history . 
  and is n't that a tautology ? 
  our western civilization is heavily based upon greek and roman culture . 
  it is merely stating the obvious that if the greeks had been conquered then our western civilisation would not exist . 
  better explained [ here ] ( http://www.stephenhicks.org/2011/12/29/audacious-historical-cause-and-effect-claims/ )  let 's separate two propositions : 1 . 
  the greeks defeated the persians at marathon . 
  therefore , we are where we are today . 
  what evidence do we have connecting those two sentences ? 
  if the persians had defeated the greeks at marathon , then ... .
