  i 'm from galway which is the county with the largest gaeltacht and it 's still only the native language of like 10-15 % of the population . 
  of course !, 
  although the english are also excused due to having no personal responsibility for their country 's history . 
  i 'm definitely not questioning the brutality of the british occupation , just noting that each country teaches its history in such a way as to accommodate and strengthen the national perception . 
  bear in mind that our history lessons in school are essentially `` and then britain fucked us over in this way , and then in that way , then they took our land to create room for more brits to run amok , then cromwell brutally raped your great-great-great-grandmother for being primitive and barbaric and then the famine happened because britain and then they took our tea and then the patriotic , heroic , strapping and marvellous gods of men liberated us !, 
  `` the irish never forget , the british never remember . '', 
  i 'm paying $ 35/month for 1.2 mbit/s . 
  the moon has faster broadband speeds than rural ireland . 
  edit : [ i 'm not even exaggerating ] ( https://www.siliconrepublic.com/comms/2014/05/27/the-moon-officially-has-faster-broadband-speed-than-rural-ireland ), 
   i also see the fact that we do n't have our entire original country as a bonus because it 's less to deal with and frankly the system now can barely keep the current republic going . 
  ever hazard a guess as to why this is the case ? 
  if forced anglicisation had n't occurred then neither would the plantations . 
  if such an intense societal divide had n't been created then ni would n't be such a problematic kip . 
  i 'm definitely not in favour of a united ireland with the current situation but this seems quite an ignorant assertion to make . 
  sensationalism , we meet again . 
  i understand your frustration that polish society will be destroyed by the 7 refugees you accept , but must every conceivable situation be brought back to the refugee crisis ? 
  is there some sarcasm that i 'm missing ? 
  i think any self-respecting lgbt person would choose germany over poland . 
  lel it was utterly annihilated , 100,000 people who remember 25 words from school and are chancing their arms by pretending to be competent speakers !, 
  speaking irish was a criminal offence and as such , the language only survived in the most isolated , miserable areas imaginable . 
  i mean , no hard feelings in general , sometimes it 's just nice not to phrase things so arrogantly and ethnocentrically . 
  you 're absolutely right , we should be more grateful for forced anglicisation and the systematic destruction of our culture . 
  decent people , great sense of humour , fantastic sitcoms . 
  culturally the most similar to ireland , although often ignorant about our countries ' shared history . 
  the opinion that the uk should reap the benefits of the eu without any of the drawbacks is irksome . 
  was n't it the danes who 're all wannabe swedes ? 
  as well as an explosion of homelessness and child poverty . 
  the economy is doing great but not all of our citizens are . 
  irish master race . 
  homelessness has n't skyrocketed since 2009 , i swear !, 
   no i did n't make a grammatical error  nope just a list and decided to throw poland in there and used the word even . 
  what / u/strukkstar pointed out is literally the only correct interpretation of your use of the word ` even ' in this context . 
  i always find it funny when people claim that wind turbines ruin the landscape considering most people find them visually pleasing . 
  how exactly are they going to negatively affect tourism ? 
  i was n't aware that our tourism industry relied so heavily on weekend trips to knockakummer , ballybofey and derrybrien . 
  also , are you german ? 
  why are you capitalising your nouns ? 
  patrick ya little bollix ya , c'mere to me til i get the wooden shpoon after ya !, 
  a good friend of mine who is black was driving across the croatian border with some white friends on the way home from a music festival . 
  she had a little bit of weed and the others had some weed and a small bit of mdma left over from the festival . 
  she paid $ 480 while the others were essentially ushered through . 
  not all corners of our glorious yurop are so tolerant , unfortunately . 
   frosted lucky charms ah yes , one of our finest cuisines !, 
  local legend has it that the artificial flavourings and colourings are made from an old family recipe passed down from st. patrick 's mother . 
  i mean , my opinion is literally based on google images results but wroc\u0142aw does look much prettier . 
  would you recommend it over krak\u00f3w ? 
  i 'm hoping to finally visit poland this year and although everybody recommends krak\u00f3w , wroc\u0142aw seems more appealing to me . 
  something something tea and crumpets, 
  mother of god , was it not exceedingly obvious that i did n't use the word queen in its literal sense ? 
  and since we 're basing our points on bullshit semantics arguments , * its . 
  the bigotry is strong in this one . 
  the irony of your username . 
  tough crowd !, 
  ` tis the season to be a miserable cunt , i suppose !, 
  you 're no patriot fucking vikings taking our jobs and pillaging our christmas and raping our women grrr the english up the ra, 
  at least the basque people have somewhat mobilized to protect their language and culture . 
  the irish just tut and roll their eyes as the language dies while kindling the flames . 
  why ? 
  the same-sex marriage referendum in ireland had the highest turnout since the divorce referendum in 1996 and there had been ~ 20 referenda since then . 
  if it 's a country where people care about the issue then they will mobilize . 
   hawkins house i always forget about that monstrosity , probably selectively . 
  liberty hall is n't much better !, 
  cheers !, 
  why not ? 
  i 'll post the locations from my city !, 
  good to know it 's not so bad to live in !, 
  would you mind providing google maps coordinates for this area ? 
  i 'd love to walk around there, 
  scampia looks heavenly !, 
  they built 36 blocks in the 1960s for some inexplicable reason but the last one was demolished in september . 
  you definitely dodged a bullet avoiding ballymun !, 
  well , i assume , i 've never lived in dublin but it has a reputation for being the dodgiest part of the city . 
  the second one of tartu and the first of tallinn look fucking brutal . 
  well that 's ... something . 
  i need to get myself to romania . 
  does the middle-class live in these buildings ? 
  but eesti has into nordic since long !, 
  but how is consensual gay sex * objectively * wrong ? 
  who is adversely affected ? 
  i realise that catholicism claims to have a monopoly on morality but forgetting religious and emotional arguments , why should n't we allow it ? 
  wow , how progressive of the kind church !, 
  gays are n't to be insulted , just destined to a lonely loveless life . 
  that sounds fair to me !, 
  which adverse effects could it * possibly * have on society ? 
  does this thought come from logic and reason or from fire and brimstones ? 
  that nose looks decidedly perfect for anal penetration . 
  the pope 's words , not mine . 
  i voted yes . 
  do n't forget ireland 's defeat for humanity back in may , this has just evened the score . 
   why do they have to be so loud about their rights ... perhaps because they do n't have them ? 
  are you struggling to keep up ? 
  are you aware of how averages work ? 
  giving equal rights to a substantial minority and improving their quality of life improves the average quality of life . 
  using mob mentality to decide on the rights of a minority is a terrible idea , of course it should n't be allowed . 
  homosexuals have been integrated into slovenian culture for a long time . 
  what about the countries in which same-sex couples are already getting married ? 
  is it all just a big conspiracy ? 
  a chemical added to the water supply to dumb us down and make us more fabulous ? 
  it 's deluded and somewhat childish to suggest a growing phenomenon does n't exist simply because your emotional and/or religious reaction is unsavoury . 
  marriage essentially began as a property agreement .
