shut up , we can dream . 
   doing it illegally , totally disrespecting the european law and order and only demanding benefits . 
  and i reiterate - same bullshit irish people say about poles . 
  personally i have enjoyed the influx of polish people as i enjoy multiculturalism in general but many irish people still believe that polish people are here to leech off the state and engage in criminality , which in a lot of cases is true . 
  this is disheartening and seems quite hypocritical considering their reasoning is the same xenophobic drivel irish people came out with when polish people started immigrating in large numbers . 
  oh no , i insist you keep them, 
  i agree that even proportionally , 5,000 is a bit low , but nobody with a brain expects ireland to take hundreds of thousands . 
  it 's not a successful night out unless it ends in hospitalisation !, 
  i often feel the same but then i think of the full irish breakfast , which is almost identical to the full english . 
  at least we do breakfast better than the rest of the world, 
  summer of 2012 was the only time i 've experienced  30 degrees in ireland !, 
   you literally said that straight people are degenerate and disgusting . 
  i think he was referring to homophobic people rather than all straight people . 
  being pedantic = / = having a point . 
  dafuq kinda dialect do you speak ? 
   didnt the pope also mentioned that homosexuals should not be allowed to marry recently ? 
  nope , he got one of his cronies to say it so as not to tarnish his liberal superpope image . 
  but they invented gayness !, 
  suck it uk . 
  you 're absolutely right , but this also happens elsewhere . 
  merkel has made it so that people working 15 hour week `` minijobs '' with miniscule wages in germany are considered employed , contributing to the deliciously low unemployment rate . 
  i did n't even know the scumbags were still active . 
  thankfully nobody was injured . 
  why should we be speaking latin ? 
  the roman empire did n't extend to ireland . 
  we also drink more tea per capita . 
  let the anarchy begin, 
  i feel you bro, 
  the debate has gained a lot of traction since the marriage equality referendum and politicians know they ca n't avoid it forever . 
  we have a general election coming up in early 2016 and i reckon it 'll be a core ideal of a fair few parties . 
  that 's not to say , unfortunately , that they will all be in favour of it and when the referendum eventually does come about it will be a lot nastier than the marriage equality referendum . 
  typical protestants , never to be trusted . 
  ye wo n't trick us this time !, 
  you spared a lot of martyrs by not pairing ireland with the uk, 
  civil unions in germany do not offer the same benefits or constitutional protection as marriage , which is why your argument is irrelevant and invalid . 
  marriage is in fact a civil institution . 
  the gays have no interest in the religious ceremonial mumbo jumbo , which without said civil institution is useless anyway . 
  no no , we just could n't !, 
  as far as i understand , queer is a term for non-heterosexual people who do n't identify with any of the other labels . 
  same-sex couples in ireland have the same access to adoption as heterosexual couples . 
  [ the children and family relationships act ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/children_and_family_relationships_act_2015 ) was passed shortly before the referendum to curb the slippery slope argument from the no-side . 
  as / u/unclejoebiden said , it 'll require another constitutional amendment and therefore another referendum , which we will hopefully get under the next government . 
  the shit-slinging that would take place preceding this referendum would be a whole new level to that of the marriage equality referendum and it 's honestly hard so say whether it would pass . 
  while very few irish people have issues with gay people , abortion really strikes a nerve in a large part of the population . 
  i had n't realised it was a thing , how cute !, 
   used their euromonies on somewhat sensible things . 
  we just spent $ 27 million developing an utterly useless optional postcode system . 
  it 's privatised so postal and courier services have to pay a fee to access the postcodes and the codes are generated randomly , meaning neighbouring buildings have completely different codes to one another . 
  since the codes are generated randomly , they 're also one digit longer than uk postcodes , despite us having 1/14 of the population of the uk . 
  it 's as if they 're trying to spend money in as incompetent a manner as possible . 
  the rate at which religion has died in ireland is insane . 
  i can think of perhaps 3 friends who still identify as catholic , but they do n't go to mass , voted yes in the referendum etc. 
  i 'm curious as to whether such a rapid decline in religion has taken place in other societies , i 'd love if somebody wrote a paper on the death of the church among our generation . 
  there 's actually quite a bit of controversy in ireland regarding us military use of shannon airport as it contradicts our stance as a neutral country . 
  i highly doubt the average person would actually mistreat the soldiers they encounter there but [ protests and demonstrations are relatively common . 
  ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/margaretta-d-arcy-80-returned-to-prison-1.1860821 ), 
  not trying to be a dick , but it 's devil 's advocate . 
  devil 's avocado is the most adorable thing i 've ever heard though , i hope it catches on !, 
  you realise 70 % of germans support same-sex marriage ? 
  it 'll be introduced here as soon as mutti merkel fucks off with her bauchschmerzen . 
  upvoted , this is really fucking annoying . 
  on the same note , have you had the misfortune of dealing with berlin 's postal system ? 
  i just do n't understand how * everything * can get lost in the capital of a country famed for its efficiency . 
  [ senator mispronounces * wifi * , adds to embarrassment by claiming to have momentarily spoken french ] ( http://www.independent.ie/entertainment/trending/news/i-intentionally-used-the-french-pronunciation-fidelma-healy-eames-on-wiffycode-31354005.html ), 
  erasmus virgins unite !, 
  right , so we should stop treating men for schizophrenia and depression since they can deal with it themselves . 
  you 're a fucking idiot . 
  is it noticeable outside dublin ? 
  i moved away but will be coming back in a few months . 
  it frustrates me how the germans and the swiss get so much credit for having good chocolate yet nobody recognises our mastery of the crisp . 
  i live in germany and everything is just paprika this and paprika fucking that . 
  ireland too . 
  we , along with denmark and the uk , have an opt-out from eu refugee distribution legislation but we agreed to take 4000 , 1600 of whom were supposed to have arrived by the end of 2015 . 
  virtually no one has arrived since they have to come here voluntarily . 
  i 'm not sure of the current number but probably ~ 100 . 
  i was very pro-refugee initially but i 'm becoming more and more disillusioned with their sincerity with each passing day . 
  thanks for the gulf stream , obama . 
   france , germany , benelux , italy is it that popular an opinion in those countries though ? 
  i lived in germany for a year and never came across that mindset , though that 's anecdotal and i ca n't speak for the others . 
  is there really that big an appetite for a federal western europe , though ? 
  it 's certainly not a very popular opinion in ireland or the uk . 
  the constant tarring of any form of criticism whatsoever as xenophobia that would bring hitler to climax is a massive part of the problem he 's addressing . 
  the reality is that the vast majority of migrants arriving in europe are not refugees . 
  i support accepting syrian and eritrean refugees into ireland and into my own community , and i 'm in favour of using tax revenue to afford them a decent standard of living . 
  i think most europeans feel the same , but as an island nation we have a distinct advantage in that we can choose to accept those who actually need asylum . 
  it 's important not to confuse opportunistic economic migrants with genuine refugees . 
  aaaand it 's back !, 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ we ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ love ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ you ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ too, 
   i 'd view the irish as our brothers this is sweet < 3  even if you break up the uk , to me it 's [ ... ] irish losing it, 
  you 've already beaten the danes , quit while you 're ahead !, 
  122k polish people in ireland according to the 2011 census , polish is more commonly spoken here than irish . 
  already forgotten about the church 's systematic fucking of irish kids , the magdalene laundries , the endless death and hardship begotten by religious sectarianism in the north ? 
  religion , for the most part , has brought nothing but suffering to our planet , that norway has moved beyond this is absolutely fantastic news . 
  this is untrue , ireland scores marginally behind the uk for personal wealth and average income and that 's coming out of a recession which crippled us far more than it did the uk . 
  it 's also important to note that statistics relating to the uk are largely skewed by london , the rest of the region does significantly worse on essentially all measures , a phenomenon which does n't exist in ireland . 
  gdp is an inaccurate representation of the irish economy but your comment comes across as dishonesty . 
  gdp 's not a great system of measurement for ireland due to the disproportionately large number of foreign-owned companies . 
  gnp is far more accurate , gdp is little more than an ego boost . 
  it 's less than my monthly wage before tax at a job that barely pays above the minimum wage . 
  i had no idea quite how grim the situation is there .
