  so the microstates get a stat but we do n't ? 
  solidarity with bosnia and albania < 3, 
  gee , thanks . 
  in what sense can the eu implementing a beneficial policy be considered meddling ? 
  your inappropriate use of negatively charged language reeks of an agenda . 
   but some people do seem to think not liking certain things or not behaving in certain way does not fit with their notion of spanishness . 
  i feel you . 
  i 'm essentially a social pariah because i do n't like tea . 
  this irked me too . 
  berlin has western european salaries with eastern european consumer prices . 
  yet allowing the establishment of no-go slum areas and passively supporting the illegal crossing of undocumented people into the uk is political competence ? 
  it 's one thing to tolerate unregulated immigration to one 's own country , something different entirely to sculpt your approach around letting another country deal with the consequences of your unwillingness to act . 
  so long-standing and culturally entrenched homophobic and misogynistic laws in mena countries are a result of recent mass immigration to europe ? 
  that 's exactly it , i think most people are a bit uncomfortable with the idea of abortion , we just have to realise that women 's rights override our discomfort . 
  oh do n't get me wrong ; i 'm under no illusion that this is n't by far the primary reason , just noting that there are others . 
  our economy is also hugely pharmaceutical based and we have a more educated workforce than france . 
  combined with the tax situation it does n't require that large of a mental leap . 
  yeah , it 's not as if a fraction below half of the country voted to remain ... 
  atlantic coast resident checking in , we are europe 's bold and unacknowledged warriors of moisture absorption , the continent 's trusty rainhat against the unforgiving wrath of the gulf stream . 
  check your privilege , continentals . 
  that 's cute . 
  meta irony in that northern ireland would be as developed as the republic were it not for the uk 's demographic interference . 
  why spread misinformation ? 
  both the lisbon treaty and the treaty of nice were adjusted before the second referenda to rectify the issues which the irish electorate held with the original treaties . 
  as i 'm sure you 're aware , we did n't just change our minds on a whim and vote in the same treaty the second time around . 
  edit : can not word, 
  it 's not much of a heatwave , it 's literally just today . 
  currently 29 degrees and right back down to 16 again tomorrow , thankfully . 
  cold and sunny is the dream . 
  but the armenian genocide never even happened !, 
   i fully reject this . 
  the amount of '' ataturk is spinning in his grave '' comments in this subreddit is too damn high . 
  do you honestly think this subreddit represents most europeans ? 
   yes , this is exactly what i mean . 
  the people here only support ataturk because he was n't targeting europe . 
  i doubt so many people here would support him if he antagonized the west , even with all his '' reforms '' . 
  stalin essentially destroyed eastern europe and the ill effects of his legacy are still noticeable . 
  atat\u00fcrk 's legacy has been overwhelmingly positive and turkey had made a lot of progess which now is quickly being undone thanks to a certain recep . 
  the average european condemns the rwandan genocide for example , despite rwanda , as far as i 'm aware , not being located in europe . 
  his point was obviously that national tragedies should n't be pounced upon to further a political view . 
  i 'm as critical of islam as any reasonable person but there 's a time and a place . 
  you forgot the backslash you monster, 
  i 'd have to begrudgingly agree . 
  of the countries i 've visited , switzerland and the netherlands were the two that just seemed objectively better to the rest of us plebs ' countries . 
  and stroopwafels are the fucking shit, 
  i meant if we had to replace the funding from westminster . 
  we simply could n't afford it , standard of living both sides of the border would just go to shit . 
  i never thought the term `` brits out '' would make me so sad . 
  ni is essentially a financial drain on westminster and until now has depended heavily on eu funding . 
  our standard of living would plummet were we to have to somehow replace that . 
  it 'd also potentially reawaken violence and social tension , just the thought of the dup having representation in the d\u00e1il is giving me a hernia . 
  because it would cripple us economically . 
  i would certainly vote no were a referendum to take place . 
  ** translation : ** the decline in refugee numbers seen in europe this spring is mainly attributed to the closing of borders along the balkan route . 
  this has been revealed by a previously unpublished analysis by the european border protection agency frontex . 
  `` when macedonian authorities implemented more stringent selection criteria for people entering through the greek border from the 19th of february , the number of people arriving in greece from turkey declined promptly '' asserted the analysis by the european authority based in warsaw . 
  the further decline in refugee numbers can be attributed to nato 's reconnaissance mission in the aegean sea as well as the refugee agreement between turkey and the eu , which has been in effect since the 20th of march . 
  both provisions would `` probably have discouraged further groups of migrants from leaving turkey '' , according to the report 's evaluation . 
  the analysis by the independent border protection agency is important as chancellor angela merkel ( cdu ) and csu chairman horst seehofer have spent months disputing the successful course of action in refugee politics . 
  the chancellery had asserted that the unilateral suspension of the greek-macedonian border was not a sustainable solution , in contrast to the later eu-turkey agreement . 
  seehofer had refuted this shortly earlier in an interview with the `` welt am sonntag '' relating to the development of the refugee influx : `` the curve sinks again during winter , drops massively following the closing of the balkan route and stays at this low level before and after the turkey summit in march '' . 
  a friend of mine attended a primary school in the aran islands from 2004-2005 and every day at 12:00 they had to drop what they were doing and say the full rosary before lunchtime . 
  i find this impossible to fathom as it 's so different to my own experience in a rural primary school , where we went to mass twice a year and had religion class twice a week . 
  my parents are both catholics who pray daily and attend mass weekly and i 'm an atheist . 
  i suppose they 're also cultural catholics as they 're very socially liberal , do n't believe in stuff like the immaculate conception etc. 
  but they consider themselves very much catholic . 
  it 's definitely not uncommon for religious parents to raise irreligious children . 
  if it 's any consolation , i finished ( catholic primary and secondary ) school four years ago and about 5-8 % of my old class are now religious , as tends to be the case . 
  most catholic secondary schools are n't * really * catholic schools , they 're just schools that happen to be owned by the church with a minimal focus on religion . 
  the national primary school curriculum , however , has fully embraced the concept of indoctrination , referring to its religious component not as ` religious education ' or something to that effect , but as ` faith building ' . 
  fear not though , it does n't work !, 
  are you suggesting that the sverigedemokratarna * did n't * have the best interests of the lgbt community in mind when marching them through predominantly muslim neighbourhoods ? 
  no , no , you 've got it all wrong . 
  we 're a region of the * uk * , not england ... 
   the regional government was more laxative . 
  is this why the water in spain gave me the shits ? 
  influence is a very effective ego-serving euphemism but in reality , our culture and language were virtually erased . 
  what you really said was that this * influence * made sense , it was just the only logical way to deal with your primitive neighbours . 
  again , no contempt whatsoever towards modern brits as the uk today is a great country , but denying and getting overly defensive about the brutality of your country 's history is indicative of a fairly shitty character tbh . 
   it makes sense that it was influenced by a larger neighbor though . 
  now i 'm by no means nationalistic , i do n't hold modern brits responsible for the actions of their ancestors and i enjoy seeing ireland 's relationship with the uk strengthening , but ... are you fucking serious ? 
  * influenced * by a larger neighbour ? 
  have you any idea of the history between our isles ? 
   or even worse - ireland . 
  harsh . 
  u jealous m8 ? 
  i do n't understand how ireland scored so poorly . 
  same-sex marriage is legal and constitutionally protected , same-sex adoption is legal , discrimination based on sexual orientation is outlawed in every context , gay people can serve openly in the military and the age of consent is equal . 
  homophobia is virtually non-existant among the general population and we also have some of the most progressive transgender legislation in the world . 
  speaking as a gay person , what else could possibly make ireland so `` gay unfriendly '' ? 
  thank goodness for romania . 
  the only place i 've ever seen a bidet here is in my rich aunt 's summer house . 
  i thought it was a baby bath until i was like 16 . 
  they 're certainly not common . 
  i was n't referring to the us , i said ireland 's workforce is more highly educated than france 's which is true . 
  the us is irrelevant here since it 's not an eu country , it 's obvious from the context of the parent post as well as from the subreddit that my comparison was referring to other european countries . 
  perhaps you should familiarise yourself with france 's effective corporate tax rate , which happens to be one of the lowest in europe . 
  at least we 're upfront about being parasites . 
  edit : we also have a more educated workforce and are english-speaking , which are qualities that generally appeal to ( mostly american ) multinationals . 
  also , afaik when the camps were liberated and all the rest of the undesirables were released , the gays were just transferred to regular prison because it was still a crime .
