  is it mainly due to corruption or a lack or infrastructure ? 
  how much has the situation worsened since russia began to interfere with crimea ? 
  where is the interview ? 
  very nuanced and eloquent . 
  they 're two very different questions though . 
  despite their reasoning being largely bullshit , i 'd wager that the vast majority of the 37.8 % of irish people who voted no in the marriage equality referendum feel that society should accept gay people . 
  i have n't encountered this opinion as people generally view the anglosphere as a collective term for english-speaking countries . 
  perhaps my experience is n't representative as it 's anecdotal , but i do n't believe that to be the case . 
  animosity towards britain in modern ireland is so marginal as to be essentially nonexistent . 
  while we 're certainly bitter about our history to some extent , animosity is a strong word and irish people today view both the british people and the state in a predominantly favourable light . . 
  political animosity is certainly gaining more traction than it once had as sf gains power but people vote for this party largely for reasons other than their policy towards the north and often like to conveniently ignore their terrorist history . 
  nah m8 it 's the fluoride in the water ^ ^ ^ ^ / s, 
   anglosphere has more to do with the culture and ethnicity fair enough . 
   irish people seem to be offended when referred to as `` anglo '' since when ? 
   animosity towards britain wat, 
  sweeter than i could have imagined . 
  we need more canada in our lives . 
   i 'll try to say nice things  my anglosphere brothers ( us , oz , nz -- sometimes sa ) sa makes the cut and we do n't ? 
  source ? 
  it 's difficult to believe that the median wage is less than $ 1k more than the minimum wage ( just over $ 19k ) . 
  median income is relatively meaningless anyway when you consider the 15.1 % of the us population living below the poverty line , compared to 5.5 % of the irish population . 
  the lack of a welfare state combined with outrageous university and healthcare costs makes for widespread financial instability and consequent poverty and homelessness , which is why i said it 's tougher to live in the us for the middle and working classes . 
  i 'd also appreciate a source for the highly educated and financially stable immigrants that you believe we receive . 
   i 'm having trouble following this procession of logic . 
  you 're well aware that there is no causal link or evidence , yet you proceed to believe it anyway based on a weak correlation ? 
  my apologies that my post did n't adhere quite as strictly to the scientific method as your exceedingly credible preconceptions and generalisations about european sociopolitics did . 
  i 'm not familiar enough with the relevant literature to comment on whether a causal relationship exists which is why i presented the results of my observations with the disclaimer that i was fundamentally unsure . 
  given the near impossibility to determine causal relationships between social phenomena i 'm sure the literature is also not extensive enough for you to state with such certainty that it does n't . 
  please direct me to relevant studies if i 'm mistaken though . 
   the us actually ranks 8th in the world on the human development index ( right next to ireland , # 7 ) . 
  it 's really much higher than that if you discount all the immigration we deal with . 
  i explicitly mentioned the average person and the lack of the welfare state . 
  the upper class live better in the us than they do here but it is undoubtedly better to live in ireland if you belong to the middle or working class , due to the presence of tax funded public services . 
  ireland also has a higher rate of net migration per capita than the us despite also having relatively more emigration , making your immigration comment redundant . 
  i disagree , i think its a natural aftereffect of the growth of secularism and irreligiosity due to an increase in the general quality of life . 
  ireland , for example , was religious as fuck until about 20 years ago when the standard of living caught up with and in most cases surpassed those of our western european neighbours . 
  my grandparents lived in actual hard poverty , were always hungry and walked ~ 8km each day to school and back barefoot and as a result were hardcore mega catholics , said daily rosaries , went to mass all the time and lived for novenas . 
  for my parents it was a bit better , they had food and limited electricity and occasional luxury items and are now mild catholics , believe in god , but only go to church monthly and are very socially liberal . 
  it 's quite uncommon to meet a religious person among my generation ( < 25 ) apart from eastern european or middle eastern immigrants . 
  even coming out of the economic crisis the standard of living is very high and the average person just does n't really need religion anymore . 
  everyone is socially liberal , gay people do n't have to fear coming out and as a result , everybody has a family member or friend who is lgbt . 
  i realise this is completely anecdotal and that correlation does n't necessarily mean causation but at least in the context of ireland and perhaps also in other traditionally catholic european countries like italy , i believe it to be true . 
  i realise that this is n't necessarily true for the us ( higher rate of religiosity among young people despite the extremely high standard of living ) but the us is arguably a more stressful place to live than ireland for the average person due to the lack of a welfare state . 
   where things are happening ... sorry faroe islands !, 
  eugh , and we do n't even get the stereotype !, 
  all i hear about is how rainy it is in england despite you having a comparatively amazing climate . 
  god damn !, 
  i 'd take a slightly brown landscape for 3 months of the year over an extremely miserable , depression-inducing climate which has managed to creature a culture of rampant alcoholism tbh . 
  his post was intentionally cuntish . 
  he 's well aware of the name of the state . 
  the bane of my existence . 
  regardless of the economic situation other europeans should be grateful that we act as the continent 's umbrella . 
  disappointing . 
  we have a stereotype to uphold !, 
  right . 
  he does n't want to import a culture that oppresses russian minorities so he just cuts out the middleman and implements oppressive legislation himself !, 
  magaluf is the number one holiday destination for every dickhead from my hometown . 
  the spanish have my sympathies . 
  i feel so bad for the people in the cars just trying to go about their lives . 
  this man speaks the truth . 
  and here i was thinking all spanish islands were shitholes populated only by irritating and unruly irish and british tourists . 
  that 's beautiful !, 
  forming your argument around semantics as the discussion progresses is very convenient , but dishonest . 
  the extent to which the old english represent the irish is akin to the extent to which israelis represent palestinians . 
  your initial point was that the irish were ( at least partially ) responsible for the ill-effects of british occupation , a point which you have not yet graced with an accurate example or a relevant source . 
  did you read those paragraphs before directing me to them ? 
   furthermore , it was dominated by old english magnates ; the native population was not represented . 
  the tudors improved the representative nature of the irish parliament somewhat : native irish chieftains were allowed to attend henry viii 's parliament in 1542 . 
  chieftains were only allowed to vote after the passing of the crown of ireland act . 
  your source explicitly states that the native population was not politically represented and therefore can not be assigned responsibility for the passing of the act . 
  considering your initial point was that irish people are responsible for the atrocities we apparently inflicted upon ourselves , your choice of evidence is very poor . 
  again , if you manage to find aspects of the british occupation for which you feel ireland was responsible , please draw them to my attention . 
  from what i can gather from your post history , however , i think you 're more interested in disseminating your anti-irish agenda than you are in being factually accurate . 
  great to see that the colonial mentality is still thriving . 
  this will be even more pronounced in the countryside . 
  a large proportion of under 50s living in dublin are irreligious but outside of urban areas it 's mostly confined to under 30s . 
  i 'd estimate that 10-20 % of irish youth are actual catholics and a further 30 % identify as catholic without attending mass , praying , following church guidelines etc. 
  a relatively large proportion of these cultural catholics do n't actually believe in god . 
  i reckon ireland 'll be as irreligious as the uk by 2030 . 
  the irish parliament consisted overwhelmingly of english lords , bishops and other men of status . 
  are you honestly trying to claim that it represented the needs and wishes of the native people ? 
  catholics were n't even allowed to vote in 1542 and they also were n't allowed to run for office after the introduction of the penal laws . 
  the parliament only met when the king called it and all political , economic and legislative decisions were fundamentally made in westminster . 
  the implication that we were a self-governing nation is simply ludicrous . 
  absolutely . 
  however , being invaded , disenfranchised , having your land taken , your house taken and your resources exploited , the systematic and violently implemented legislative discrimination of the racially inferior and primitive native people , rampant disregard for fundamental rights , effective genocide and the marginalization and near-erasure of countless elements of your culture over the course of several centuries certainly plays a role in shaping that primitive society . 
  i can understand how from a british perspective , the dealings in ireland seem somewhat unimportant relative to the general history of the uk and the empire etc. 
  but the flip-side is that for us , it was an extremely significant and formative period . 
  as i mentioned earlier in another comment , i have no negative feelings towards english people as they are completely unaccountable for what happened 100 + years ago . 
  i 'm glad that the relationship between ireland and the uk is continuously growing stronger and i feel that the queen 's recent visit to ireland was an important moment in paving the way for a better future between our islands . 
  the historical reality is , however , that british inference in ireland was extremely brutal . 
  feel free to point out examples in which you feel ireland was to blame , if it is factually accurate then i will concede . 
  again , could you please specify exactly which aspects of the british occupation you feel ireland was responsible for ? 
  other than the power we allowed the church to obtain , not really . 
  please though , do share whatever it is you 're passive aggressively alluding to !, 
  hyperbole is a popular illustrative technique . 
  also , it 's all true , our history revolves quite largely around being fucked in the ass by britain . 
  there are communities in which irish is the primary language , sure , but certainly not counties . 
   in some counties still the main language . 
  are we living in the same ireland ?!,
