  yes , because rioting with an apparent active shooter , at night with security tight would be a fantastic idea . 
  what could go wrong . 
  peaceful protest of how the country has been run and the issues that people want targeted , sure . 
  but actively rioting ? 
  forgive me if i 'm wrong but am i right in thinking that was when they had planned to capture the palestinian gunmen and it slipped out and caused many deaths ? 
  yes , because that will achieve anything . 
  you ca n't be serious ? 
  second shooter at a metro apparently, 
  does rampage basically mean shooting anyone , anywhere ? 
  spotted the american, 
  some people saying more than one shooter ? 
  please not again, 
  the perfect pretence to do what he wants . 
  it 's down ? 
  so , only state approved messages and tv channels will exist . 
  what a backwards step . 
  because that wo n't go horrible wrong !, 
  it will be very worrying if turkey re-introduce the death penalty and a sign that they are going backwards as a nation , not forwards . 
  she is aware that the ruling party in westminster would have to agree to it ? 
  based on azerbaijan 's relationship with armenia , will they be blamed for this no matter what ? 
  this is worrying, 
  go play in some traffic . 
  if erdogan retains power you will see more regressive laws . 
  i hope boris tells erdogan to fuck off and rejects his asylum . 
  i 'm so confused about what is happening ? 
  is the army going to hold power and is it all of them ? 
  are the people pushing them back ? 
  the pictures are selective . 
  erdogan has support in cities but not in the urban areas so there are bound to be protests there . 
  what matters is if the military can hold places without using force , if they can , then they will remain in power . 
  what a crazy year, 
  did they try and shoot the tyres out ? 
  i 'm lost for words and just do n't know what to say in instances like this any more . 
  live thread ? 
  possibly from fireworks ? 
  yeah , news saying so . 
  you are aware that politicians lie all the time and this will be completely pointless ? 
  yes but he was asking about flanders fields which includes france, 
  flanders fields includes france, 
  sometime the world is a right cuntbucket, 
  cunts, 
  can we do it over waffles ? 
  lie after lie after lie . 
  their campaign was filled with them . 
  go fuck yourself cornwall . 
  should have thought of that before voting, 
  heinz is american should have done a fry up, 
  there will likely be more protests over this . 
  every city should have parks and green spaces . 
  london thankfully has loads . 
  i ca n't help but think it is a sign of disrespect from those laughing , insulting his native tongue . 
  i would have thought there would be interpreters available for any official language . 
  there were false flag theories out as soon as it happened . 
  quite sad really . 
  they 've won just as many games at russia at the euros . 
  well , if they continue doing this they will be disqualified . 
  might qualify then !, 
  good , no country should . 
  could have seen this coming a mile off . 
  enjoy their five children , cousins and relatives !, 
  one thing i remember from my visits to america is that when i walked down fifth avenue and past the shops in new york you would be blasted with cold air . 
  it was such a nice feeling . 
  good , this can not become another route . 
  is this just a random event or was there predicted to be this weather a while ago ? 
  turkey really have some embarrassing people in power . 
  the germans did commit atrocities but they recognise it and are aware of it 's history and significance . 
  they are n't trying to hide it or change the narrative . 
  good job germany . 
  what was the turkish reaction ? 
  think the uk should do the same , do n't think it is recognized here ? 
  if they are migrants or asyulm seekers then deport them . 
  why does russia want gotland ? 
  for as long as they continue to take the people to italy and not back to africa this will happen . 
  it 's like a free ride . 
  the falklands are argentinian . 
  what measurement is this in ? 
  because somewhere in scotland a few years ago had a -23 c i believe . 
  -27 c is the lowest recorded though . 
  yet when poland 's `` we are slavic girls '' were performing in 2014 i can bet it went up . 
  still did n't win though, 
  the song was n't great and the jury will look beyond the background graphics to see that . 
  the average person will have voted them for the back drop as that is more impressive to us , the viewer, 
  people saying to get rid of the jury votes . 
  they were the least political i have seen in a long time, 
  they got around 360 would have been on average 8 points or so . 
  not impossible when you consider australia 's jury vote . 
  i think we should send a man with a pan and a brush . 
  probably do better . 
  there would have been over 3200 points available but if you had added all the points up to ukraine 's then you could have worked it out . 
  42 countries could vote . 
  a max of 3276 points available from all points on offer . 
  we did shit . 
  as usual . 
  this is n't great, 
  it 's too slow and boring, 
  norton :(, 
  bulgaria will do well, 
  i think the issue is that most speak english second . 
  whereas not a lot speak italian second i would guess . 
  easier if they speak to words that people can understand,
