  it does n't but an accident is much less damaging politically and religiously . 
  of course it is still terribly sad, 
  deliveries ? 
  i hope this is an accident but it is sad nonetheless, 
  have turkey claimed he is a gulenist yet ? 
  i know the polish eat carp before christmas , my old teacher was polish and hated it . 
  but , why are they on the floor of a supermarket ? 
  thank god the stadium was empty . 
  do you think at some point politicans will stop offering resignations alongside referendums , or putting their jobs on the line with them ? 
  evidently not . 
  why do you care that dursan is , to you , anyway ? 
  i never saw any of these when i was in stockholm !, 
  run little piggy . 
  it 's what cowards do, 
  good, 
  my mum was born in nicosia and lived there for a while as my grandfather was a un peacekeeper . 
  never really read up much on this or know much about it . 
  i know very little about this . 
  i know very little about this . 
  had no idea about this , was this really the option they took ? 
  surely , there were more peaceful possibilities ? 
  i wonder how many will go missing or be arrested . 
  stand up turkey !, 
  circumcision is the male fgm . 
  it should be banned . 
  stop trying to kill people you fucking twats, 
  i 'm going to hungary soon from the uk , can i use it with mobile data ? 
  how do i use it as i would at home ? 
  if they 're uk born then they 're not immigrants . . 
  reversing immigration wo n't work either, 
  which also proves my point . 
  and what if their parents are british born too ? 
  we 're not part of schengen, 
  well , we do n't have open borders, 
  what if the perps were uk born ? 
  `` invaded '' nope ... 
  you said `` terrorist attacks in no way happened with the frequency they are now at any point in recent history . '', 
  i have given a few examples of this being false . 
  and you say it is n't relevant , you contradict yourself . 
  i 've already stated too that closing the borders is wrong and wo n't work and is very trump like . 
  i 'm going to stop debating you now because you are ignoring my points as they do n't fit your view . 
  you move from pillar to post with no clear point . 
  quite frankly , it is a waste of time . 
  we have checks on the borders already and a very strong counter-intelligence unit . 
  closing the borders helps no-one and gives the jihadi 's what they want . 
  it closes us off from the world . 
  not to mention , how do you even got about something like that ? 
  we 've had terrorist attacks since the 1970 's . 
  the above picture i posted show that more people died from terrorist attacks before isis . 
  there has been an uptick recently but historically they have been greater . 
  i also have n't down voted you on any of your posts , seem you have to me which is very petty . 
  i 've given you the evidence you wanted for your point but you have just ignored it and tried to move on to something else . 
  terrorist incidents happened in europe before isis . 
  you do n't believe islam can co-exist , when it can . 
  the actions of a select few do n't change that the majority can live in the western world . 
  the mayor of london himself is muslim . 
  i always have n't down voted you on any of your posts , seem you have to me which is very petty . 
  you keep moving your goalposts to fit your view/agenda and you ca n't admit your point of view has been contented and refuted . 
  you asked * what percentage of europe 's population was muslim before that began changing the entire face of europe ? 
  * i gave you evidence to that . 
  you also said ; * in 2001 europe did n't have these attacks , my answer would cover that period . 
  * i 've given evidence that attacks happened . 
  you still have n't defined it by nation and region/area but whatever . 
  there were a number of bombings in the uk by the ira that year and by hamas/other terrorist groups in israel . 
  terrorism is n't as common in some respects as it used to be and does appear to be on the decline . 
  mostly due to the ira and basque terrorists putting down arms i would bet ; https://infographic.statista.com/normal/chartoftheday_4093_people_killed_by_terrorist_attacks_in_western_europe_since_1970_n.jpg depending on what you define as the confines of europe then but this from 2010 indicates it increased just 2 % to 6 % from 1950 ; http://www.ijesd.org/papers/29-d438.pdf, 
  well , no . 
  you 've not answered the question in relation to the time period we are discussing , which , earlier on was 2000 . 
  but even if we talk about the last 7 years you still have to define what you believe europe to be ( i.e countries/area it includes etc ) as different people have different viewpoints and you ca n't look at things like population without a common ground . 
  it is clear you are not interested in answering questions you do n't agree with because they go against your views . 
  why will you not answer this simple question of what you define europe to be ? 
  in relation to your earlier question of ; * what percentage of europe 's population was muslim before that began changing the entire face of europe ? 
  you 're completely missing the question . 
  you asked ; * `` what percentage of europe 's population was muslim before that began changing the entire face of europe ? 
  '' * what do you define as europe ? 
  well , what do you define as europe ? 
  because there are a number of different concepts to that, 
  you can literally find it in a quick google search . 
  i 've given you answers every time , you 've tried to dismiss them as you do n't like that you 're wrong . 
  over 1 million muslims in canada . 
  3.7 % of their pop . 
  they have taken in a lot of refugees and integrated them in society . 
  you seem to think people can walk into our country without being stopped or checked too, 
  a lot of the people are british born , closing the border does nothing . 
  isis happened, 
  only since 2000 in the uk, 
  yeah , good luck with that . 
  wo n't work and what if these are uk born people ? 
  so what is your proposal ? 
  his ideas are pretty stupid . 
  for anyone wondering , this was already in place but at # 1000 i believe, 
  i wonder what the nationality of those behind it is ... 
  not true ; http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-32061822 but there is a difference between people in polls wanting it and the government making it an active policy . 
  as far as i 'm aware , no uk party has it as a policy . 
  well , major party . 
  it sums up how shit and backwards turkey is under erdogan . 
  we 'd back them for a start . 
  we 've got your back cyprus, 
  give it a couple of days , that 'll then happen . 
  well , if i learn anything from this then at least i have learnt that evet is yes and hayir is no .
