  the others ? 
  tell me more about how morocco is a dangerous place . 
  lyndon b johnson accused someone of fucking a pig once i think . 
  he knew he did n't do but he wanted to `` see the fucker deny it '', 
  how long would that journey take ? 
  the snp are in charge of scotland , not tories . 
  i want to visit finland in the winter one day . 
  looks amazing . 
  the thing that irritates me is that some come expecting to just be given jobs and homes . 
  that 's no how it works , you have to earn it like everyone else . 
  probably a family fued then . 
  http://blogs.channel4.com/factcheck/factcheck-will-britain-have-a-muslim-majority-by-2050/13690 expected to be 8 % or 5.5 m in 2050, 
  yeah , good luck with that . 
  there is no legal way that they would made to go back and frankly , why would they want to ? 
  they should , but they wo n't . 
  no uk ? 
  what is wrong with making people who have the money who pay for themselves first before getting help ? 
  that 's how welfare works . 
  they are aware that the migration crisis is pushing the debate for it even more . 
  why should we wait for the eu to get their house in order before having a vote ? 
  ukraine ? 
  sorry , i should clarify . 
  i do n't trust erdogan to use the money for it 's purpose . 
  well , i do n't really hold much hope of turkey doing anything anyway . 
  so , this changes nothing . 
  i assume that the grass on the roof is a way of keeping heat in ? 
  they have all their countries of origin . 
  deport them if guilty . 
  they 've had their chance and blown it by disrespecting the laws of the country . 
  well , this will just make it a magnet for migrants . 
  these should have been the first people the eu tried to `` share '' to see if it works . 
  why on earth not ? 
  if they are asylum seekers then deport them . 
  no `` mr.nice guy '' . 
  if we want to keep our countries as they are and safe and enjoyable for people to live in then these people must be sent back if they 're asylum seekers . 
  if they 're regular finnish people then the judiciary system will take care of them . 
  how cold is it in helsinki at the end of march ? 
  want to experience a cold weather holiday but too late for jan or feb. 
  no war in afghanistan , libya or somalia ? 
  think you might need to look again . 
  i agree that they need to build their own nations up but would you stay ? 
  the key is deport anyone who does n't follow the legal process and/or does n't come from syria/afghanistan or somalia and libya . 
  there were people on the bbc who were travelling from pakistan . 
  they should not be allowed in as they 're hitching on the back of the misery of those in war torn countries and should be sent back . 
  well , yeah . 
  if these people are found to be asylum seekers from syria etc then they should be deported . 
  if they ca n't even have the decency to follow the laws of the country they had chosen the adopt then they should not be allowed to live there . 
  no ifs , no buts . 
  you want to be accepted by europe ? 
  live by its laws . 
  you 're an idiot for thinking the uk should take them . 
  `` grow some '' would you want them moving into your neighborhood or area ? 
  if you do n't think hungary and austria are passing on illegals then you should think again . 
  taking illegals to the border is the same as sending them over themselves , do n't be so naive . 
  the illegals do n't want to be in france and we do n't want them here . 
  so , they 're not getting in . 
  so it 's fine for them to do it but not us , that 's what your saying . 
  if there 's no physical border then why are fences being built and checks put back in place ? 
  putting illegal immigrants on trains to a third state is illegal ? 
  so , what do you make of hungary sending them to austria and austria to germany ? 
  no , it 's up to both parties . 
  both signed the treaty and france would do well not to break it . 
  which would be a breach of the treaty and risk an international law case . 
  if they did try and remove it then we would remove french border controls in st pancras and put any illegal immigrants on the first train to france . 
  it 's because we have no land border and as we 're not part of schengen we have to have a border stop at the point of entry . 
  if the migrants had a choice or chance of fighting isis then i think they would . 
  but the whole situation is so messed up and confusing that they probably would n't know who to trust or join . 
  i 'd do the same as what they did and leave to rebuild my life and maybe return once peace has resumed . 
  so , it 's still valid . 
  and if they changed it then we would remove french border controls in the uk . 
  they 're british and will remain that way . 
  what makes you think it would change ? 
  the french taking over would n't go well . 
  calais was originally french before we took it in the 1300 's, 
  for as long as we want . 
  only the uk could do that as calais is a uk border stop . 
  the french a n't pass anyone through as it is a uk border . 
  sapmi i think . 
  probably the remnants of storm desmond . 
  can they come and build hs2 for us ? 
  i know they would n't , but if they joined before the eu referendum vote , it would be enough for me to vote to leave . 
  turkey should not be part of the eu . 
  is this as acceptable : http://www.sporcle.com/games/g/states what did you guys use to fill it in ? 
  morocco , algeria and pakistan . 
  those well known war torn countries . 
  why is there a belief that europe should do everything for these people ? 
  why do they feel entitled ? 
  what does any of this have to do with the jet being brought down ? 
  russia have made bad judgements before so this is fine ? 
  is that your point ? 
  there 's been a number of incidents where russia has entered uk airspace and there has been no forewarning or decent explanation . 
  there was even a submarine recently that entered uk waters . 
  i 'm surprised a russian jet has n't been shot down before . 
  the number of times they 've violated the airspace of another country is high . 
  seems like someone got an itchy trigger finger and had enough . 
  turkey did n't need to do it though , not exactly the way to get russia help but what do you expect from a country that is going backwards . 
  turkey being given the right to enter the un would be an automatic leave vote for me . 
  argentina are enamored by them . 
  melilla and cueta, 
  in the uk i would say rugby is second .
