  i think you could make a case for cricket being third though . 
  hopefully they work with the falkland islands and help bring some economic prosperity and improvement in the islands rather than do what kirchener did and try to belittle them . 
  they 're british islands and the sooner argentina accepts that the better . 
  it 's better to work together . 
  ladbible could n't help but tweet out what was happening . 
  i read somewhere that they maybe said that they believe him to be in syria to catch them off guard , actually well aware he is in paris . 
  yes . 
  if you do n't go you 're letting isis win . 
  i 'd rather not . 
  they have much worse problems . 
  you do n't really wear a suicide vest unless you intend to kill or at least injure people . 
  i mean , come on . 
  this is just a weak excuse to try and explain his actions from a family struggling to come to terms with what happened . 
  so , sunni and shi'ite is basically catholic v protestant . 
  if you allowed guns you would have all out carnage and many more innocent people would die . 
  not what we want . 
  a mistake which falls with germany . 
  saying they would welcome all syrian was a massive error . 
  horrible to hear of 100 deaths at bataclan . 
  bataclan siege over apparently . 
  if france knew who the terrorists were then why did n't they stop them ? 
  the england v france will rightfully be suspended i would guess . 
  where were the french intelligence ? 
  i doubt something like this just happens . 
  they planned this , did they not have intel ? 
  60 hostages . 
  christ, 
  boots on the ground is what they want . 
  why has paris been a magnet for attacks this year ? 
  hope no-one has been killed . 
  how considerate of them . 
  well , that 's disturbing . 
  i frequent another forum and there is a thread on russia there . 
  there are constant postings about how russia is opening new factories and farms and this is great . 
  this news will not be well received by them i bet . 
  we have co-op 's, 
  good riddance . 
  good , take your backward views elsewhere . 
  preferably , to syria . 
  `` plan a protest in brussels . 
  plane tickets in the eu are n't expensive '' some of us have jobs and do n't live near routes to brussels . 
  i 'm confused , it says we have 99000 or so refugees up to the end of september , that does n't seem right . 
  if this goes through i see riots taking place . 
  and djibouti . 
  if someone said `` all blacks should die '' - i do n't think you would get the same fairly soft response as has been the case here . 
  this is what happens when you say that everyone from a certain country is welcome . 
  others have hitched on the back of that and made it impossible to tell the difference . 
  some countries in europe could be drastically changed because of this . 
  the sooner the syrian war ends and the country is rebuilt so people can return the better . 
  he said no job requires the use of a vehicle . 
  a bus driver requires a vehicle . 
  bus driver ? 
  til there are wishes to unify romania and moldova . 
  that 's not david attenborough, 
  i spend 3 hours a day commuting !, 
  no doubt the same people who cry for open borders but would not be willing to accept refugees themselves . 
  i guess quebec and new france never existed . . 
  they 're as french as they are british, 
  if only it was that easy . . 
  europe , why you heff be mean ? 
  wait , i thought this was the burkini ? 
  i saw people responding to that , think i got wires crossed !, 
  and isolate them from society more and making them more vulnerable to being radicalised . 
  i do n't like the burqa but i 'm not sure banning it is the right thing to do . 
  europe and the eu wonder why so many use this route . 
  it 's because you keep giving them a free fucking taxi ride . 
  stop that and they will reduce in numbers . 
  well , 60k romanians and bulgarians in total moved to the uk the year ending may 2016 . 
  dare say that we 're a favoured location, 
  that is so fucking cool . 
  are earthquakes in italy common ? 
  it does n't make a country militaristic if they have trust in their army . 
  but you 're wrong anyway . 
  there are a good number of people who believe we 're a negative influence in places and think we should not have gone to iraq and do n't involve ourselves in places like syria . 
  the reasons you 've listed are not militaristic . 
  you have n't given any reasons as to why it is a militaristic society though . 
  so , come on . 
  reasons . 
  i would n't say either nation is militaristic . 
  what is it that i 'm not seeing then , come on . 
  what on earth are you talking about . 
  the only `` parades '' we have are the changing of the guard , for big events ( like the 70th anniversary of d-day , armistice day ) or local ones when soldiers come home . 
  the royal family do have active soldiers who have served within their family so i 'm not sure what you 're trying to get at . 
  a militaristic nation is someone like north korea not the uk . 
  we 're militaristic ? 
  canoeing and rowing i think mostly . 
  great britain = france + germany , 
  bit confused by your comment , police do n't have guns though . 
  only a few units do . 
  your average bobby does n't have a gun . 
  there are camps in lebanon but you would have to help fund them . 
  how are you also going to actually get people there . 
  people would n't be happy about being told they have to move back to lebanon , how are you going to force that ? 
  not to mention that there are apparently large issues of unemployment in these places with local people losing out due to the lower wages that people living in the camp can take . 
  i think we do need to do something and to find safe places but i think we need to spread it out amongst countries around the middle-east . 
  i do n't see any of this happening though . 
  more refugees will come in and the same issues will arise and nothing will be done . 
  people saying he was turned away at a music festival . 
  horrible year is getting worse . 
  cunt,
