  do people win without singing in english ? 
  well , i have no idea what she is singing, 
  it will take a miracle to see armenia vote for azerbaijan, 
  can someone explain the voting changes ? 
  does it mean there are two sets of points ? 
  go uk, 
  you 're meant to fuck it , not chuck it dave, 
  i hope there is a small tribute to wogan, 
  rules on how much money you get , what type of accommodation you get . 
  those sorts of things . 
  i was thinking more about people who become undesirables and career criminals . 
  if they do that and syria is stable then they should lose their right to live in germany . 
  they 're all equipped with knives too . 
  it already was a migrant route . 
  it does n't help when they find boats , take everyone on and then take them to italy . 
  take them off the boat , destroy it and send them back to libya/north african country . 
  unbelievable . 
  does it include the actual idea of collecting the taxes , which in part led to their problems, 
  saw it coming a mile off, 
  * continental europe, 
  if i knew what to do then i 'd be rich . 
  but i know you do n't deport everyone of one race/religion etc because of 1 person . 
  that 's lunacy . 
  lets say he has no criminal conviction . 
  why should he be deported because 1 person committed an act of terror , who happens to be the same ethnicity or religion or race . 
  of course i care that people die . 
  i work in westminster and was around the corner on that wednesday . 
  but to say we should deport everyone of one ethnicity , religion or race because of one person is beyond ridiculous . 
  it wo n't help anyone and will only , likely , cause more issues . 
  so someone living in trolhattan who came to the country years ago and has never broken the law , has raised a family and works should be deported because one maniac decides to kill people ? 
  you 're tarring everyone with the same brush . 
  good luck removing people when they have n't done anything illegal . 
  bbc said 5 killed earlier , not sure if confirmed elsewhere . 
  sad that it has to be done but it makes sense if it makes it safe . 
  only three dead is lower than i was worrying it would be . 
  still sad though, 
  seem to recall similar happening with waste bins because of the ira, 
  is that a dog in the second on the right ? 
  people did that for westminster too . 
  like , people in barnsley ... 
  they 're becoming desperate as these acts are rash , often not thought out or planned . 
  they 're being squeezed in iraq and syria and losing ground, 
  well , if trump knew this attack was going to happen and did nothing then that is a whole new bag of worms . 
  it may well be people of that background but is best to wait for official reports first . 
  true , it shows a desperation and that they do n't have weapons or bomb making skills if they 're resorting to this . 
  possible they killed the driver ? 
  and ? 
  we do n't know who did this yet . 
  not to mention that trump was still wrong when he made those claims . 
  has it gotten to the point where we need to put bollards up in major pedestrian areas ? 
  seems like isis and related terror groups are using the same methods now, 
  and the majority , unless coming from war zones , should be sent back . 
  you ca n't keep letting people in , it will reach breaking point . 
  not surprising , it was never a plan . 
  they would only block it if they did it through a udi . 
  yeah but they 're army bases i seem to recall so not quite the same . 
  it is as if the remain campaigned warned about this sort of thing ... 
  can it morph from one to another ? 
  working in westminster was certainly weird and eerie for a short while today . 
  then normality resumed because that 's what we 'll do . 
  we wo n't let it change us . 
  people are carrying on like tourists next to the scene . 
  we are not going to be phased or stop from being ourselves, 
  based on exit polls success last year , i 'm sceptical till finished !, 
  hope that the rumours of wilders party doing poorly are true . 
  erdogan will just rig the vote in his favour, 
  it 's his wife . 
  there was a good belief remain would win and it would settle the question for a while . 
  it also involved the eu, 
  to keep them in the union, 
  well , that 's if westminster agrees to it, 
  i would vote for him but i 'm not icelandic, 
  got any sources for your claims ? 
  got any sources for your claims ? 
  because of a few incidents ? 
  cherry picking at its finest, 
  removes the need for locks i believe, 
  we do n't currently have an aircraft carrier but we have two that will are under construction and one will be in commission this year . 
  from what i understand the type 45 destroyers have the capability to fire harpoon 's and they wo n't be out of service until 2018 but the contract can be renewed . 
  they 're planning the next fleet , type 26 's , and are deciding on the type of anti-ship missle to have . 
  if the only issues are an aircraft carrier and harpoon system then that is minor compared to other countries and are only issues that are being monitored and , in the case of the carriers , taken care of . 
  you 're talking absolute rubbish, 
  the british navy is fine right now . 
  the british voters did n't vote on what type of brexit , just brexit . 
  we will hopefully get a softer brexit now mp 's can vote on it, 
  which is why it will still happen . 
  and that vote still stands , they 're not stopping brexit, 
  they have n't overrided it . . 
  someone debunked this as not being from friday . 
  still nice . 
  snowing in the uk now . 
  well , looks like we 're friends poland !, 
  so sad to see, 
  why is it taking so long ? 
  i flew into schoenfeld in 2013 and thought that would be done by now, 
  am i right in thinking this is from 2014 ? 
  as our wind energy has gone up recently i think . 
  free travel . 
  no warrant was put out straight away, 
  europe has been more trashed at points during the time since the second world war .
