good . 
  this crisis is not something to do with kosovans , macedonians or serbians who are hitching on the bandwagon . 
  good to see them sending them back . 
  they have agreements with similar parties there though who stand for similar views from what i can recall . 
  corbyn 's views could affect that . 
  well , no-one expects him to get into power and this wo n't win him votes in northern ireland , not that labour do well there . 
  the people that live in northern ireland . 
  it would be an un-mitigated disaster to push this through . 
  the current arrangement is fine and what the people want . 
  seeing as a lot of the migrants are n't from the sub-continent where this is more prevelant i doubt you will see much of a change . 
  good to hear . 
  loved estonia when i was there . 
  if this goes through and catalonia got independence i just know that nicola sturgeon would use it to try an prove that scotland should have another referendum . 
  they should be grateful for any country that takes them in . 
  stop being entitled , you 've been in a war , we get that . 
  but that does n't mean everything should be laid on a plate so you can walk in and have everything you want . 
  finland is a nice country , good culture , what 's wrong with it ? 
  nothing more than entitlement . 
  i get that they have been through a lot but do n't be so greedy . 
  be grateful they even took you in . 
  i do n't see many syrian 's taking part in oktoberfest, 
  a migrant quota wo n't work and merkel and the eu are naive to think it will . 
  it will not solve anything and is not a realistic proposition . 
  well , our prime minister has been accused of having his genitals in a dead pigs mouth when in oxford as part of a ritual . 
  so , yeah . 
  we should rescue them but at the same time it encourages them to try knowing if they have a chance of being rescued . 
  take them back and destroy their boats . 
  pretty disgusting the lack of balls law enforcement has . 
  also , annoys me how entitled these people are . 
  there 's some in spain too . 
  you 're very naive if you think people will be deported . 
  the uk already give a shit tonne of money . 
  not surprised . 
  a lot of economic migrants from countries like kosovo , albania and serbia who have jumped on the bandwagon . 
  nothing like a nice bit of blackmail . 
  just be fucking grateful you 're not in syria anymore and you been granted asylum . 
  i think you 'll see a lot of anti-immigration or more `` extreme '' parties rise in popularity . 
  parties like jobbik etc in hungary . 
  not sure where to post this but whenever i go in a post it says best ( suggested ) even if i have changed another to new . 
  how do i change it ? 
  we give the most in foreign aid but are constantly told we should be doing more . 
  no agreement on where they would go , great . 
  more dis-organised mess . 
  the thing i do n't understand is that a lot of people go through the sea route . 
  they get rescued by the hms navy and others who then take them to lampedusa . 
  surely , if they want to dissuade them they should take them back to libya and destroy the boat . 
  wo n't be legally enforceable . 
  good , tell him to grow up, 
  that wo n't stay safe zones for long if they 're in syria . 
  erdogan is a laughing stock . 
  does he not realise that this wo n't stop ? 
  accepting people that cross just makes the situation worse . 
  put them on ships and send them back as a deterrant . 
  destroy the boats, 
  hope this is just a precaution and is n't terrorist related . 
  this has gotten ridiculous now . 
  grow some balls and realise it is a joke . 
  christ , this from a man in power . 
  he did n't invest in a company though , his dad did . 
  unless you 're talking about the 30k , which was taken out before he was pm and was legal . 
  unless she dies before june 2018 . 
  the gift is completely legal, 
  if he backed out it is likely isis has a price on him . 
  lock him up and find what info we can, 
  april fools was last week ? 
  turkey does n't like armenia either i seem to recall . 
  it took me a minute . 
  he really ca n't take a joke can he ? 
  no way ha . 
  i do n't blame them for running but it was amusing considering they were giving it moments earlier . 
  i agree there are a lot of problems with islam and immigration . 
  but watching them run as soon as the police turned on them was brilliant after giving it the big guns was sad seeing them use a place of memorial as a point of conflict . 
  punching an innocent man who tried to stop them ruining it as well . 
  it 's also ridiculous doing it as if they had any brains they 'd know the police are already stretched at a vital time . 
  this does n't help . 
  what a lovely person he is . 
  i could just imagine opening the barn door and all the chickens just turn and stare . 
  fuck you erdogan you dobby look-a-like, 
  good riddance . 
  if you were a refugee you would be grateful for anything . 
  well , we despise a lot of them as well . 
  so , that 's something we have in common . 
   in cases where the applicant will be traveling to one and only one schengen country , the applicant has to apply at the appropriate embassy/consulate of the certain country . 
  whereas if the applicant is planning to visit two or more schengen countries , it is highly recommended to be applying for the visa in the embassy/consulate of the country you will be residing in for most of the traveling days , referred to as the main destination . 
  in case there is no main destination but just a random visit to several schengen countries , the applicant has to apply for the visa in the embassy/consulate on the first schengen country he/she will enter according to the itinerary . 
  once it 's determined in which embassy/consulate one will apply in , the applicant will apply in the embassy/consulate of that country that has jurisdiction of over at your place of residence . 
  you can apply for a visa at the embassy of consulate of your country of your choice . 
  is there a need to march across europe and spend potentially more than # 500 to get there . 
  if they have a passport , get a flight . 
  cheaper and more likely to be accepted than someone breaking down a border . 
  anyone who is moroccan , algerian or tunisian etc should be deported . 
  they are not refugees . 
  do these people think that this will endear themselves to europeans ? 
  countries can not take everyone in , there has to be a point where control has to be taken back . 
  only syrians should be accepted , others should apply the correct way and those from nations like pakistan should stop piggybacking on their misery . 
  for anyone wondering why it is on a thursday , we always vote on thursdays , it is just when we do it . 
  how is it fucked up ? 
  if they have uk relatives then i 'm pretty certain the person living there can apply for their asylum and they do n't have to live in a jungle like this . 
  i think the south of iraq is fine , it is the northern parts . 
  everyone other than libya , syria , afghanistan and iraq i have no problem with .
