- [ 5 bedroom detached house ] ( http://www.rightmove.co.uk/property-for-sale/property-60584207.html ) all yours for only # 5,250,000 or $ 7,000,000 . 
  - or a more [ modern 5 bedroom ] ( http://www.zoopla.co.uk/for-sale/details/40773286?search_identifier=5f72c24e3023fc7bd6269f9cf121a0d1#bx4yftwmg4usjlbj.97 ) house of a bit more . 
  - lastly you can have a bargain here , a [ 6 bedroom house ] ( http://www.zoopla.co.uk/for-sale/details/40002158?search_identifier=5f72c24e3023fc7bd6269f9cf121a0d1#d4ctv68zoypldpzk.97 ) for only # 3,950,000 or $ 5,500,000 yeh , i 'm never going to get on the property ladder . 
  there is no will from either the people or the politicians to do that , there is almost no point , most of the ` wars ' at the moment are economic ones . 
  that ( in jersey ) we all avoid or help people avoid tax . 
  that shit was suppose to be secret . 
  the building i live in now was built around 1850 , the oldest house i 've lived in was 1500s and the oldest building i 've been in is probably [ this . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/la_hougue_bie ), 
  no , because the eu is complacent and wo n't change . 
  in jersey - 5 % gst on the purchase of a new car - duty of 44.53 p per litre on fuel along with 5 % gst, 
  jersey 's government is pretty unique and i do n't full understand it but i will tell you what i know . 
  in jersey we have 12 parishes with their own local government with basic powers over roads , parish taxes and rubbish collection . 
  the parish government is elected by the people in the parish every 3 years in a general election . 
  the `` states chambers '' our equivalent to `` house of senates '' in the us consists of 49 people , 8 senators , 12 constables and 29 deputies . 
  i 'm not sure how many of them are actually elected . 
  we have one political part `` reform jersey '' which has 3 deputies the rest are independent . 
  after a general election the states chambers elects a `` chief minister '' equivalent to a prime minister or president . 
  this explains it better : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/states_of_jersey another interesting thing is that jersey is n't fully independent and although the british government leave us alone they have overriding power , although if they ever did anything against the will of the people jersey would just declare independence . 
  defiantly not ( i live in jersey not the uk ) almost nobody is in favour of tighter gun laws . 
  also our police do n't really carry guns . 
   looking at your flair here you just settle for the uk when nothing else is available ? 
  we in well i was born in the uk but i spent most of my life in jersey so i do n't mind . 
  but people often have to say they are from the uk just to make things easier . 
   to start with it is all free and paid for via tax payers money apart from you have to pay # 30 - # 100 i sound like a politician . 
   although i do n't know how many people would really understand that you 're not from the uk technically it makes it so awkward when websites ask which country you live in . 
  i do n't live in a country . 
  i know of no places near where i live where you have to pay for the toilets apart from central london and that 's probably due to the fact they can charge you to use the toilet because people will pay it . 
  in jersey , channel islands we have a healthcare system similar but different to the uk . 
  to start with it is all free and paid for via tax payers money apart from you have to pay # 30 - # 100 depending on what you need . 
  dentistry though is partly subsidies and free for under 18 and over 65 's , but people between 18-65 normally go to the uk as it 's half the price . 
  overall i would say it works pretty well due to us being on a small island you generally get seen to that day , wether it be to see your doctor or dentist etc. 
  one problem is ( i may be wrong ) unlike most other european countries we do n't get free healthcare abroad apart from the uk . 
  in jersey you need to have a reason to have a gun , this could be hunting or target shooting . 
  once you have gone through the background checks you can pretty much have whatever you want , from bren guns to glocks to barrettes , even a 50 cal but their is nowhere on the island to shoot it . 
  you ca n't carry unless your transporting . 
  an you can only have 5,000 round of each type of ammunition , probably to prevent someone from taking over the island . 
  gap years are fairly common in the uk and it seams to be encouraged i had presentations about them at my school . 
   are they typically a thing for people with family ( upper-middle class ) means to support them ? 
  from what i 've seen no , as many most people who go on a gap year work so they can fund it themselves . 
   would they be out of reach to a student from a working class or lower-middle-class background * ? 
  depends on if they are willing to work during there gap year , how well they have plan and where they are going . 
  if you plan a gap year properly it can be cost neutral . 
   is it typically a `` work abroad for a spell '' type of thing , or focused more on traveling and soaking as many cultural experiences as possible ? 
  it 's mostly a balance of traveling and experiencing the world and eating , although working can be a part good part of the experience . 
  also here 's [ the new uk class system ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/magazine-22000973 ) and yes it over complicated . 
  11 : portugal , spain , gibraltar , france , belgium , germany , switzerland ( i only went to a cafe outside the train station for 2 hours though ) , italy , austria , hungary and turkey . 
  plus 2 more if you include the channel islands, 
  it is annoying because it 's simply not true , many politicians and media companies in america are spinning the truth for their own agenda but ultimately it 's their problem not ours . 
  personally i feel better off every year i feel are economy is more stable and are country is safer than ever , of course we still have are problems and many of them . 
  as well as this i feel that terrorism is a bit over blown , yes the paris and the belgium attack are a tragedy and should never happen in are modern society but , you have a higher chance of dying in a car crash yet we still drive . 
  to be honest i ca n't think of anything i 'm really concerned about . 
  future employment i guess as it 's not long till i finish college and i still do n't know what i want to do with my life , also i live on a small islands so i do n't have many options . 
  old weapons which should benefit from exemption as antiques under section 58 ( 2 ) of the firearms act 1968 a ) all muzzle-loading firearms ; b ) breech-loading firearms capable of discharging a rim-fire cartridge other than 4mm , 5mm , .22 '' or .23 '' ( or their metric equivalents ) , 6mm or 9mm rimfire ; c ) breech-loading firearms using ignition systems other than rimfire and centrefire ( these include pin-fire and needle-fire ignition systems , as well as the more obscure lip fire , cup-primed , teat fire and base fire systems ) ; d ) breech-loading centre-fire arms originally chambered for one of the obsolete cartridges listed in annex b and which retain their original chambering ; e ) vintage ( pre 1939 ) rifles , shotguns and punt guns chambered for the following cartridges expressed in imperial measurements : 32 bore 24 bore , 14 bore , 10 bore ( \u215d '' and 2 \u215e '' only ) , 8 bore , 4 bore , 3 bore , 2 bore , 1 \u215b bore , 1 1/4 bore and 1 1/2 bore , and vintage punt guns and shotguns with bores of 10 or greater . 
  note ( i ) - the exemption does not apply to ammunition , and the possession of live ammunition suitable for use with an otherwise antique firearm will normally indicate that the firearm is not possessed as a curio or ornament . 
  note ( ii ) - the exemption does not apply to firearms of modern manufacture which otherwise conform to the description above . 
  fully working modern firing replicas of muzzle-loading and breech-loading firearms , for example those used to fire blanks by historical re-enactment societies but capable of firing live ammunition , must be held on certificate . 
  for these purposes , ` modern manufacture ' should be taken to mean manufacture after the outbreak of the second world war in 1939 . 
  so quite a lot, 
  you 'll be surprised on the law for `` antique guns '' then, 
  yes , actually you can along as it 's : a ) all muzzle-loading firearms ; b ) breech-loading firearms capable of discharging a rim-fire cartridge other than 4mm , 5mm , .22 '' or .23 '' ( or their metric equivalents ) , 6mm or 9mm rimfire ; c ) breech-loading firearms using ignition systems other than rimfire and centrefire ( these include pin-fire and needle-fire ignition systems , as well as the more obscure lip fire , cup-primed , teat fire and base fire systems ) ; d ) breech-loading centre-fire arms originally chambered for one of the obsolete cartridges listed in annex b and which retain their original chambering ; e ) vintage ( pre 1939 ) rifles , shotguns and punt guns chambered for the following cartridges expressed in imperial measurements : 32 bore 24 bore , 14 bore , 10 bore ( \u215d '' and 2 \u215e '' only ) , 8 bore , 4 bore , 3 bore , 2 bore , 1 \u215b bore , 1 1/4 bore and 1 1/2 bore , and vintage punt guns and shotguns with bores of 10 or greater . 
  note ( i ) - the exemption does not apply to ammunition , and the possession of live ammunition suitable for use with an otherwise antique firearm will normally indicate that the firearm is not possessed as a curio or ornament . 
  note ( ii ) - the exemption does not apply to firearms of modern manufacture which otherwise conform to the description above . 
  fully working modern firing replicas of muzzle-loading and breech-loading firearms , for example those used to fire blanks by historical re-enactment societies but capable of firing live ammunition , must be held on certificate . 
  for these purposes , ` modern manufacture ' should be taken to mean manufacture after the outbreak of the second world war in 1939 . 
  same , we did but the nazis tore them up . 
  thats a lot of taxes !, 
  ok i read some of his policies , he is worse . 
  `` the current seven rates of personal income tax will collapse into a single low rate of 10 percent . '', 
  how is the us going to be able to afford that ? 
  `` far too many regulations that stifle growth '' this is about the environment . 
  `` i will embrace an energy policy that utilizes the bountiful resources in this land '' wow . 
  still fairly similar to trump though . 
  `` i know people making a tremendous amount of money and paying virtually no taxes , and i think it 's unfair . '' wow that came from donald trumps mouth and this makes sense `` we can not have the bureaucrats in washington telling you how to manage your child 's education '' mind you he said this `` i want surveillance and i do n't care , are you ready for this , are you ready , '', 
   to what degree are people aware of the elections , the process , and candidates ? 
  most people know the candidates that have a good chance of winning the nomination and their main policies . 
  personally i do n't fully understand the process , as far as i 'm aware there are the primaries where the people elect a candidate of both parties then the two party leaders and some independence start `` the race to the white house . 
   how invested is the average person in your area especially in light of some european and uk leaders voicing their opinions on candidates ? 
  most people i know like the democrats and think the republicans really conservative , like big business and hate the poor . 
  donald trump on the other hand is universally hated ; he is seen as racist ; fascist ; exploiting the fact people are disillusioned with the political system and is there for his own self interest , to become more powerful . 
   do you have a best-case or worst-case outcome in mind and is there a candidate you would like to see elected ? 
  by far the worst outcome is donald trump , to be honest i would be scared that he would one day say something like invade canada and say `` canada was americas anyway '' . 
  the best outcome would probably bernie sanders although he is probably a bit too socialist for me , america needs him at the moment ; your healthcare seams a mess ; the social security is almost non existent ; people seem to live to work and gun control seems to be almost non existent . 
  sandwich , kebap , hotdog , burger , cornish pasties and crepes . 
  the usually really . 
  i think you 'll find jersey is good at this too, 
  potatoes , milk and tax evasion . 
  in jersey a [ nice one bedroom flat . 
  ] ( http://property.jerseyeveningpost.com/moreinfo/2265899/broadlands-centrally-located-purpose-built-spacious-one-bedroom-apartment-with-sunny-20ft-balcony ), 
   isle of man and the channel islands technically their not part of the uk , which is really annoying because jersey is n't a country either . 
  so when websites ask for your country i have to click uk or jersey or channel island and there technically all wrong . 
  i 'm starting to not understand myself either , basically what i 'm saying is that supporting the leave campaign because of immigration is n't racist as some people say because it 's technically making it fairer . 
  i 'm not saying it 's racists , just that leaving the eu will make are immigration policy fairer to those outside the uk . 
  also some people in the uk whenever you mention immigration call you a racist . 
  what 's not racist ? 
  you could say that leaving the eu makes the uk less racist as everyone outside the uk is on an even playing field and none europeans are no longer being discriminated against . 
  also it 's hard to say if the uk will be better off or not outside the uk . 
  personally i would say in the short term no , because people and business will be uncertain of the direction of the country . 
  in the long term business will have less red tape possibly making the uk more attractive to business . 
  as well as this the country will be able to choose the type of immigrants they want for example we need more teachers at the moment . 
  on the other hand the uk could be less attractive will the possibility of no free trade deal with the eu .
