how is britain stalling `` things '' exactly ? 
  the eu has shown itself more than capable of generating stalemate without our assistance . 
  cameron has been calling for some sort of effective progress for months now ... 
  and the most congested . 
  must make a note to retire abroad somewhere underpopulated . 
  i take your point about ` core ' . 
  perhaps it would be better to revise the definition on the basis that the northern economies are more closely aligned , in terms of structure/competitiveness/etc . 
  to germany , even if they 're much smaller in scale . 
  that would give three groups : core , core-aligned and periphery . 
  the pattern of alignment is fairly well reflected in the yields you 've included . 
  anyway , digression ... 
  i 'm not sure if euro2 would be positive or negative for european integration at the moment . 
  if anything , i 'd say it was positive if it stopped these continual bouts of crisis -- the media damage alone is enormous if your goal is a more integrated europe . 
  well , you could argue markets are behaving rationally at the moment , as the core economies are the ones dictating policy , and the markets are judging that , ultimately , they 'll do whatever is in their own interests , rather than a joint european interest . 
  when the euro was created an unforeseen consequence was that , in a crisis , only the core members bonds would be seen as safe assets , and as a result , any peripheral nation with a modest debt would experience a funding crisis . 
  i do n't really have an opinion on eurobonds . 
  i think the best solution is the creation of a euro2 area for all of the peripheral nations to be accompanied by a massive debt write off . 
  that solution would probably be marginally less catastrophic compared to every peripheral country going through their process on their own . 
  terminology : agreed , let 's use core and periphery - in terms of economic scale . 
  as you probably know , the problem at the moment is all the demand for debt is concentrated at the top end of the market , with nothing else for the smaller nations . 
  thus , spain has to pay 6 % at a time when german bunds hit a historic low : http://www.finfacts.ie/irishfinancenews/article_1024200.shtml in other circumstances , spain would be perfectly solvent as there would be no problem . 
  spain 's debt/gdp ratio is 66 % , lower than germany 's at ~ 82 % , so describing spain as a `` debtor nation '' seems a little unfair . 
  i think perhaps that was one of krugman 's points . 
  i agree with you that borrowers have to be responsible in what they take on , especially when we 're talking about major financial institutions rather than individuals . 
  but conversely , as a creditor , if you want your money back , you have to be prepared to be flexible . 
  at present , the disparity between the cost of finance between the ` ins ' and ` outs ' is so great it 's hard to see any way out besides total collapse . 
  krugman is suggesting that by following the path of austerity , which clearly is n't working , that it 's going to be worse for everyone globally . 
  and that 's true . 
  he 's not blaming europe for beginning the financial crisis , or trying to shout ` usa ! ', 
  in anyone 's face . 
  most americans do n't really give a crap what happens in europe but he does . 
  the whole reason he wrote the article is out of despair at the present situation . 
  i can understand you 're angry , but i think it 's misdirected . 
  do n't forget they have retirement , guaranteed pensions and ever longer life expectancy to look forward to as well , while we will be infantilised into our thirties , forties , fifties ... ? 
  given what is going on , it 's really astonishing that there is n't more inter-generational tension yet . 
  it will come hard and fast though if they ca n't start to generate employment . 
  oh absolutely , they get furious . 
  lots of people in spain who built or sold their homes to rich foreigners made a good profit on their investment thanks to the bubble . 
  obviously these people were older , since they 'd had a chance to acquire a property already . 
  that 's a consistent theme in this financial crisis . 
  the parents of the unemployed youth have , as a consequence of their behaviour , stolen a great deal of opportunity and wealth from future generations . 
  it 's somewhat the same here in britain . 
  if you happen to not be a high-earner , or do n't have rich parents willing to help , buying a house can be very difficult . 
  edit : _ un_employed, 
  a total piigs default is n't tenable though - for lots of reasons - so it wo n't happen . 
  i do n't have enough of an economic background to be useful on this topic . 
  having said that , it seems that this is just another hoped-for way of papering over the fundamental problems of currency union . 
  i think that ultimately , they 'll be forced to create a two-tier eurozone , that the `` piigs '' will have to move into . 
  otherwise , they 'll never be any hope of it being sustainable . 
  all of the other options are either economically or politically untenable . 
  pro europe - as a series of friendly , independent states . 
  anti eu , an organisation that does not justify itself on the basis of its positive achievements . 
  i believe it 's pretty well established that france has a bigger economy than our own . 
  italy is very close in size to ours too , i believe that we regularly swap places . 
  that 's nothing , go to oslo !, 
  seriously ? 
  that 's all there is ? 
  a manifesto !, 
  i see ... 
  how is independence going to make any difference to ordinary scots ? 
  this is a massive distraction from the real issues of improving the lives of ordinary people in all parts of the union . 
  i 'm one of many english of scottish descent and i find this whole thing utterly , utterly ridiculous . 
  relatively speaking , that 's not even remotely bizarre by eu standards !, 
  it would be interesting to see if the driving accident statistics of left and right hand drive nations bear out your hypothesis . 
  this will be the final nail in the coffin of the e-petitions system . 
  lots of people reading the daily mail just want to read about soldiers or their horoscopes . 
  it 's hard to know what proportion of the readership pays attention to the rest of it . 
  i 'm reading ` post-victorian britain , 1902-1951 ' ( l.c.b. 
  seaman ) at the moment . 
  as it happens , i 'm just at the start of ww1 . 
  according to seaman , `` britain was legally bound to to defend belgian neutrality unilaterally , given that the treaty provided for a collective guarantee . '', 
  the binding document was the treaty of london of 1839 . 
  britain did not want to have a war with germany , but did need to preserve a balance of power in europe , and therefore internationally , that would be to the continued benefit of britain . 
  that is to say , had germany won the war , it would have been too well placed to disturb the empire . 
  it is true to say that the british would have entered the war at some point anyway , but it was legitimatised by the invasion of belgium . 
  i agree that the conservatives will likely win the next election with a majority , although i doubt very much they 'll achieve a landslide . 
  the absence of the lds will be a significant loss to cameron . 
  they 're very useful to him , in that , they soak up lots of bad news , they provide a counterweight to the hard edge of the tory right , and nick clegg can usually be relied on to say something stupid , as shown by this article . 
  without the lds about , i expect he 'll find it almost impossible to control his backbenchers . 
  `` a britain which leaves the eu will be considered to be irrelevant by washington and would be considered a pygmy in the world when i want us to stand tall and lead in the world . '', 
  ca n't believe i voted for this . 
  okay , well that 's a poor measure for sure . 
  apparently they measure the facilities available rather than access . 
  this alone does n't disprove my assertion that there is no reason truth behind the belief that we need `` scale '' for future prosperity . 
  this list , as any other , is surely flawed to a degree . 
  however , much of the data comes from large , apparently non-partisan organisations , so i do n't think it can be just dismissed as simply `` bunk . '', 
  the top 10 of the hdi index looks quite similar ; is that bunk too ? 
  insurers are n't immune from collapse in a crisis , especially of the scale we 're looking at , so i 'm not sure that 's much comfort . 
  and i can read the chart fine , thanks !, 
  your source also shows that france 's largest creditor is the uk , so i do n't think we 've got anything to cheer about . 
  if qmv was used in the manner you describe it would lead to britain 's exit from the eu , no question . 
  personally , i doubt that this will happen . 
  most of what is going on is political grand-standing and will blow over . 
  i do n't understand your statement that `` economies prosper as a direct function of their scale '' . 
  how are you defining prosperity ? 
  what makes you think that scale enhances prosperity ? 
  take this as an example : http://www.prosperity.com/rankings.aspx the us at # 10 is the first country in that list with  25m people . 
  looking at the data , the keys to prosperity seem to be : small , educated population , stable democracy , mineral wealth . 
  the idea a union is necessitated by the rise of other large economies is a complete myth . 
  our economy is not great , but actually , if you look at the data , the spread between services and manufacturing is less than you 'd think ( and not that different to germany , surprisingly ) .
