  but not `` usa alone '' . 
  north korea says literally the following : `` do n't touch us , or we will nuke you '' . 
  so when estonia joins nato and there 's american troops right now - this it totally fine , usa placed their nukes in turkey - cool , go ahead , but when cuba asks for military help from another country - this is not acceptable . 
  do you i get your hypocritical logic correctly ? 
  let 's count how many countries were attacked by the usa since 1950 : korea , laos , lebanon , cuba , congo , dominican republic , vietnam , thailand , zaire , grenada , libya , iran , panama , iraq , somalia , haiti , bosnia and herzegovina , serbia , afghanistan , pakistan , syria , nigeria . 
  but nevertheless they are your best buddies now . 
  in my opinion russia does n't threaten the balts and poles . 
  i wanted link to putin 's words and at least words of defense minister . 
  if all you have is words of a journalist , then my opinion that post-communist russia never threatened poland and baltic countries became stronger . 
   north korea and cuba are not hostile ? 
  lol . 
  what countries were attacked by north korea and cuba ? 
  none of these links prove that . 
  i liked `` privately threatened '' a lot . 
  violations of airspace happen all the time everywhere , for example , lithuanian plane violated airspace of belarus recently . 
  give me a link where putin says `` i will invade you '' . 
  he said that russian rockets will be aimed at countries that hold elements of us missile defense system , but this is obvious that in case of global conflict those elements will be attacked first , it does n't mean occupation of country hosting it . 
   i know china contributed a lot you know nothing , john snow . 
  japan decided to surrender when kwantung army was defeated by the ussr . 
  at the same time graves of soviet soldiers get vandalized in poland on regular basis . 
  i would add syria , iraq , iran , israel , egypt , brazil , vietnam , china , finland , austria , switzerland , serbia and many other countries . 
  you can go ahead and execute gorbachev if you wish , i would n't mind . 
  he goes abroad pretty often , you can ask interpol to arrest him . 
   threatens to invade them give an example , please . 
   usa beat japan alone google `` kwantung army '' . 
  right , i missed that part . 
   if anything being again neutral and demilitarized would be politically impossible and totally against any common sense . 
  but it worked for finland and sweden , i mean after 1945 . 
  i tried to read main kampf , it is very boring book . 
  from what i managed to read , i learned that he hated czechs a lot . 
  he wrote that vienna was full of them and that czech language was everywhere back those days when he was young . 
  this is a good example for my previous comments here . 
  people were grateful but country joined anti-russian military alliance anyway . 
  because gratitude of ordinary people does n't mean much , geopolitical considerations are more important . 
  care to explain ? 
  nato had no right to bomb yugoslavia without un resolution . 
  but it did , which proves that it does n't give a fuck about international law . 
  and that words about `` defense only organization '' is complete bs . 
  til that finland , austria , switzerland , sweden , belarus , serbia and russia are in state of war . 
  nato could n't attack anyone in europe when there was equal counter-force represented by countries of warsaw pact . 
  definitely . 
  russia is getting weaker and weaker , nato is getting more and more powerful . 
  nato may finally attack when us missile defense will be able to intercept russian nukes . 
  but do n't be afraid of it , it will be war not on your territory . 
  damn i regret that we lost so many lives while liberating all these countries . 
  we should have stopped at ussr border . 
  there was no point in further advance , because you guys did n't even feel it . 
  maybe you would n't hate us so much now . 
  or maybe there no you , but in this case you would n't hate us either . 
   i just see reason why nato intervened of course you see , buddy , you are very loyal . 
  if nato invades syria or any other country tomorrow , you will also justify it . 
   the eastern parts of europe never felt that victory . 
  let god be your judge . 
  if you are not able to understand another point of view , if there are only two opinions : yours and wrong one , then it is you who are the real soviet man . 
  if you say `` fuck un , lets bomb yugoslavia '' and then whine that russia intervened somewhere , you are hypocrite . 
  not you , you became nato member later . 
  they were supposed to just sit and watch . 
  also it was n't genocide , it was an internal police operation against criminals . 
  because what nato did gave russia very good excuse to interfere to other countries and then say `` look at kosovo , why ca n't we do the same ? 
  what about [ yugoslavia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nato_bombing_of_yugoslavia ) , who authorized it ? 
  which operation of [ this list ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_nato_operations ) can be described as `` defending nato member that was attacked '' ? 
  i think that soviet troops were there under some legal grounds , so it was n't . 
  we talked about who started ww2 . 
  ww2 was started before winter war . 
  that 's all i was going to say . 
  your membership in hostile military alliance is a threat to russia , your independence is not . 
  sorry for ruining a joke created by your abnormally vivid imagination . 
  it started winter war , not ww2 . 
  we were talking about ww2 . 
  i 'm not going to continue conversation with you if ca n't behave yourself . 
  have a good day . 
  too big i suppose . 
  i would agree with you , if nato never attacked and only defend . 
  but in fact it never defended , it always attacks : libya , yugoslavia , bosnia . 
  i 'm sure it would attack russia too if it could , for example , for torturing gays in chechnya . 
  or for being not very democratic . 
   still a ridiculously small amount if compared to the russian forces near our borders . 
  you do n't need troops at all when you have 24 regular allies and 3 nuclear . 
   is that why russian forces were already massed to the georgian border ? 
  we have intelligence , we knew that saakashvili is up to something . 
  this one is extremely powerful , is n't it ? 
  this is mere fact . 
  your example with yalta shows that if countries make deal to avoid war , does n't mean they are allies . 
  the same applies to ribbentrop-molotov pact , both countries still treat each other as threat and both knew that they will probably have to fight each other . 
  right now does , but i think in 10-20 years us missile defense will be able to intercept all our nukes and russia will become vulnerable . 
  if i 'm not mistaken , they declared independence even before ussr collapsed , they did it according to the soviet laws , so it is perfectly legal . 
  all of them are consequences for arbitrary border changes during communist times , just like crimea : transnistria is a part of ukraine ( and ukrainians were there and helped too , btw ) , abhazia was never part of georgia , etc. 
  i think this is just an excuse to increase military power . 
  everyone understands that attacking nato country means nuclear war , it is a suicide . 
  joining nato means more security for your , i understand . 
  but at the same time it means more threat for us . 
  are you trying to say that hitler would n't attack ussr if ussr would n't incorporate baltic countries and bessarabia ? 
  it was n't about security . 
  soviet security plan `` keep troops in europe '' worked very well , there was no wars in europe . 
  when we left , we saw balkan wars , we saw nato aggression in yugoslavia . 
  us stopped being isolationist before wwii . 
  ww2 started because of the munich agreement , hitler should have been stopped at that time . 
  the west was very hostile to the ussr . 
  you probably do n't know it , but there was military intervention to the soviet russia after the revolution . 
  the west would create military alliance against ussr not matter what .
