  it had no weapons of mass destruction as we were said , otherwise nato would never dare to attack it . 
  attacking iraq in 2003 was just a crime . 
   yugoslavia did genocide in kosovo . 
  if it was the case , you should have go through un first . 
  only un can authorize military intervention . 
  do n't be surprised when russia says `` fuck un '' too and do what it wants , cause you are no better . 
  btw it was n't genocide , it was police operation against criminals and separatists . 
   nobody will attack russia if it does not attack first . 
  i can not believe this after nato attacked so many countries which were not going to attack anyone . 
   according to your `` peaceful '' logic , how are you even okay with the annexation of crimea ? 
  according to my logic , crimea became independent and then decided to join russia . 
  the same what nato did in kosovo except no one was killed in crimea . 
  what 's wrong with north korea , how do they threaten you ? 
  maybe you also think that china and vietnam should n't exist , cause they are commies too ? 
  ~ ~ that lie ~ ~ that fact , go read some books . 
  even wiki says that first fights happened in belarus , it 's pretty obvious which army went abroad . 
  that 's called globalization , deal with it . 
  people make international families , if you are against then you are real nazi . 
   also please note that iraq annexed kuwait before it got invaded by nato . 
  i meant invasion of year 2003 related to `` weapons of mass destruction '' . 
   probably , but libya and iraq are not innocent . 
  saudi arabic is not innocent for sure , they are despotic monarchy , they kill gays , they treat women like a cattle , they invaded yemen . 
  why do n't you go and bring democracy there ? 
   russia is still unpunished only because it still has nukes . 
  but us missile defense may change situation soon and then nato will be able to attack . 
  looking how brainwashed you are , i would expect to see you in the first rows of attacking armies . 
   why e.g. 
  non-nato countries like austria and sweden are still not invaded by nato ? 
  because they do n't dispute world hegemony of the usa . 
  pure essence of your response : no counter facts . 
  so nato is telling to russia : `` behave good or we will punish you . 
  we will decide if you behaved good or wrong , not un . 
  '' , correct ? 
   because it happened 20 years ago . 
  your link about iraq gives only two concrete cases happened in 1985 and 1993 . 
  your second link about libya says that past terrorist incident that have been linked to libya was in 1990 , nevertheless it did n't help them . 
  funny that now both libya and iraq do support terrorists , they are basically nests of al-qaeda and isis . 
  do you even realize that those interventions were mistakes , that they made world worse place ? 
  very good that you accept that nato does invade countries which did n't attack one of its members . 
  what terrorist attacks did iraq conduct ? 
  what terrorist attacks did libya conduct ? 
  why should i think that nato is n't going to attack russia if we did the same in chechnya what yugoslavia did in kosovo ? 
  our propaganda keeps telling that nato is hostile alliance , that it invades other countries from time to time . 
  do you think this is false ? 
  people protesting in maidan made it very clear that nato membership is their long-term goal . 
  also they were going to cancel treaty which allowed russian fleet to stay in sevastopol . 
  so i think no , we would n't be already invaded , but we would have more security threats than we do now . 
  i think you exaggerate . 
  for example , israel does n't hate us , they are truly thankful for defeating nazis , they celebrate may , 9th . 
  china neither hates us . 
  i can give you more examples , but even one example proves you are wrong . 
  you hate us since 1939 ? 
  or maybe since 1919 ? 
  does n't matter , being hated by you does n't take up too much of time . 
  nope , it does n't . 
  ussr was about fair distribution of national wealth , modern russia is something opposite with huge inequality . 
  lol , even wikipedia says that . 
  you wrote it as if it is something wrong . 
  i 'm proud that i was a citizen of such a great country . 
  my heart beats faster each time i look at my foreign passport and see `` place of birth / ussr '' . 
   to defend all this soviet & communist bs because it not bs , quality of life in russia was higher when it was run by communists . 
  just look at life expectancy graph by years and you will see that breakup of ussr was total disaster for most people , expecting those who became billionaires of course . 
   why ca n't russia accept that it seriously failed in the previous century i accept that russia failed very hard two times in the past century : when it let russian empire and then soviet union to brake up . 
  your speech is a good example why countries like iran and north korea desperately wish nuclear weapons , only nuclear weapons can guarantee survival of country . 
  kim has nukes - he is alive and well fed . 
  saddam did n't have them - ha-ha , look at iraq now , it became even worse shithole thanks to democratic liberators . 
  and you just exposed that russian propaganda is not always false , for example , when it talks about fascist estonia . 
  you are telling that countries like north korea and cuba should n't exist because they dare to defend themselves against saint democracies . 
  i believe people like you should n't exist . 
  do n't be surprised when someone applies the same logic to you and wipe you from the map again , something like `` fascist states should not exist '' . 
   russia could try to do this same to a town like narva unlikely , narva is too small profit . 
   why do you ignore crimea - did not russia occupy it ? 
  russia used its military in order to let locals vote in referendum , otherwise ukraine would never let such referendum happen , this is not uk and scotland unfortunately . 
   yes but they attacked first in 1950 both koreas treat themselves and the only korea , so it was considered as civil war , they thought they have right to fix things on their own territory . 
   so probably because of that any things that ussr or an other communist failed state could use to extend its reach are not acceptable ? 
  i understand , your are good and the rest is evil . 
  you can threaten evil guys with nukes , but they are not allowed to do the same . 
  nice . 
  i guess i misread `` invest to eastern poland '' as `` invade to eastern poland '' . 
  this is what happens when english is not your native language . 
  if they wanted to live in romania , they would make fair referendum and vote for unification . 
  but you had to intervene because you knew how popular communist ideas were . 
  btw , moldova can join now , but it does n't do so , although moldovans/romanians are still majority there . 
  it belongs to local people and it was stolen from them of course , but those days they were part of the ussr . 
  it is not russian now , just like former polish regions - none of them belongs to russia now . 
  it was poland that started [ polish-soviet ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish%e2%80%93soviet_war_in_1919#avalanche_starts:_first_polish.e2.80.93soviet_conflicts ) war . 
  [ edit ] go ahead , downvote unpleasant fact to oblivion . 
  guy `` thanks '' us for liberating 72 years ago , i apologize for that . 
  did romania accept that it annexed bessarabia in 1918 ? 
  no , you guys keep talking about `` unification '' when sfatul \u0162\u0103rii was surrounded by romanian troops . 
  did poland accept that it annexed parts of ukraine and belarus located to the east of [ curzon line ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/curzon_line ) . 
  you both like to portray yourself as innocent victims of cruel regime , do n't wait that russia will accept occupation of poland and romania - it just took what was stolen couple decades ago when russia was weak after ww1 , revolution and civil war . 
  sorry , we made huge mistake when we stepped beyond soviet border in 1944 . 
  http://tass.com/world/823638 http://www.thenews.pl/1/11/artykul/222497,sovietera-graves-vandalised-in-poland https://en.news-front.info/2017/03/21/cemetery-of-soviet-soldiers-in-warsaw-suffers-from-vandals/ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e9a7q01mbbq, 
  i do n't argue that usa would win with or without ussr , i just do n't agree that usa won japan alone , that 's it . 
  then why roosevelt at [ yalta conference ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yalta_conference ) demanded the ussr to enter the war against japan if it was `` beaten and exhausted nation '' ? 
  no , that army was still battleworthy with almost a million man . 
  japan lost its last hope when ussr attacked it , they still remind us that we are traitors because we violated non-aggression pact signed between ussr and japan . 
  stalin was n't eager to fight against japan , but roosevelt insisted that ussr should declare war on japan no latter than 3 months after victory over germany . 
  nobody argues that .
