   world wars started after ussr occupied parts of eastern europe to stop world war - 1 how do you count ? 
  did i miss ww3 ? 
  i was explaining why ussr could n't just leave ee after ww2 . 
  we see more and more nato troops in baltic countries , nato is definitely preparing for something . 
  btw , do you know that it was georgia that attacked first in 2008 ? 
  russia was only defending . 
  i can say the same about kosovo case : first time after wwii when borders in europe were changed using military force . 
  why illegally ? 
  i though there were elections in baltic countries when communists won and made everything legal . 
  am i wrong ? 
  germany dominates europe again . 
  my argument is stronger . 
  i mean `` thank you eu for your money '' , do n't you say this , do you take this as granted ? 
  do n't you bow to them already ? 
  compare it with finland . 
  americans and soviets shaked hands many times during cold war . 
  according to this sub , russia is pure evil . 
  the answer is obvious . 
  oh no , poland stole many years before . 
  learn who established lvov . 
  antanta won ww1 without russia . 
  why would russia lose if it would remain antanta member ? 
  if we would leave eastern europe , than cold war would be 28 nato members vs single ussr instead of 16 nato countries vs 8 warsaw pact countries . 
   yeah , whataboutism . 
  i think you do n't understand what does `` whataboutism '' mean because it is not the case here . 
  ussr restored border according to the [ curzon line ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/curzon_line ) which is fair enough . 
  also very funny to read it from a lithuanian . 
  do you realize that your capital was returned to you by ussr ? 
  you on your own would never get it back . 
  okay , i was technically wrong . 
  you did n't invade ussr directly , but you were on his side . 
  bulgarian soldier in the balkans means additional german soldier on eastern front . 
  how about no ? 
  may i apply your logic too : tsar was russian too , that 's why it were russians who freed bulgaria . 
  you have to take into consideration that there were much more soviets soldiers than american soldiers in germany . 
  you sound like ussr was the only country that traded and cooperated with germany at that time , which is not true . 
  i do n't need to believe when i have facts . 
  for example , in 1991 ussr collapsed and russia acclaimed independent latvia . 
  what happened next - you joined nato as soon as you could do . 
  of course you will put huge list of reasons why you needed it , but every single ee country would do the same if ussr would leave after defeating germany . 
  btw , usa troops are still in germany , they are not going anywhere . 
  pretty much , without revolution you would n't get independence at all . 
  also you did n't even resist and technically it was n't occupation - you selected communists which asked to become ussr republics . 
  compare it with finland which did fight and managed to won . 
  care to name at least one country that sent their soldiers to fight for pure charity ? 
  you are lack of fantasy , i will give me one more way to defend russia : all rapes were committed by ukrainians . 
  do you even read my comments ? 
  i wrote * by taking back what poland stole from belarus and ukraine 20 years ago ? 
   based on surging abortion rates do you realize that this is probably even worse than extrapolation ? 
  any woman at that time who wanted an abortion could say `` i was raped by a solider '' even it was not a rape at all . 
  it were communists who `` enslaved '' europe . 
  why do we read about `` russian occupation '' here ? 
  ussr and usa also delineated the spheres of interests in different regions after 1945 , does it prove that they were allies ? 
   at least 2 million german women , and other e. european female pows . 
  why not 2 billion women ? 
  oh wait you 're serious . 
  hahahahahaaa everything is measured in money for you , is n't it ? 
  munich agreement was in 1938 , two years before german -- soviet commercial agreement . 
  ussr and germany were not enemies before 1941 , but they also were not allies . 
  ussr respected germany because it was the first country in europe that recognized soviet regime . 
  germany attacked it , ussr used that chance to return what poland won in [ soviet-polish ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish%e2%80%93soviet_war ) war 18 years ago when russia was very weak after the revolution and civil war . 
   like they are n't today ? 
  lol can you show us on this doll where did evil russians touch you ? 
   not out of charity mostly out of charity . 
  russia was very religious at that time and idea of freeing orthodox brothers from muslim yoke was very popular . 
  of course not , they were good only for ussr . 
  ussr was very afraid of the new ww . 
  by keeping ee in its sphere of influences , ussr decreased chances of new war . 
  soviet-finish war did n't start ww2 . 
  every day i read about soviet rapers , but never about americans that [ raped hundreds of thousands ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/book-claims-us-soldiers-raped-190-000-german-women-post-wwii-a-1021298.html ) , maybe because they were `` civilized rapers '' ? 
  how did ussr started the war ? 
  by taking back what poland stole from belarus and ukraine 20 years ago ? 
  stop spreading false , ussr and nazis were never allies . 
  molotov-ribbentrop pact was about non-aggression . 
  ussr never helped nazis , it just signed non-aggression pact after it saw [ munich agreement ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/munich_agreement ) . 
  ww2 was pretty much inevitable after munich agreement . 
  no , usa would offer marshall plan to them , they would accept it and wipe out communists from their governments . 
  then all of them would become nato members . 
  then their children would be taught it schools that it was the usa who actually won the war , that soviets were just wild and uncivilized rapers from the east . 
  at the end , everyone would hate ussr . 
  one example , russia freed bulgaria from turkey and actually left , they were independent . 
  do you know what happened next ? 
  they became allies with hitler and attacked us in 1941 . 
  and many times in this sub i read comments made by bulgarians that `` we are poor as fuck because of the fucking russians and their fucking communism '' . 
  and this story would repeat with ee countries in case ussr just left them . 
  ussr was n't that dumb , that 's why it stayed in ee countries . 
  if soviets would just leave and give real independence , they would inevitably fall under american influence , because usa could offer marshall plan , ruined ussr could n't offer much . 
  then they would become nato member . 
  that is the reason why ussr had to keep its presence in ee . 
  because ussr is a dead lion , anyone can kick it now . 
   ... raped ... through half of europe . 
  let 's look on the bright side : we are literally brothers now because of it . 
  today it ca n't , in couple decades maybe it will can . 
  hostile intentions of nato are obvious . 
  yozhik from lepra if you know what i mean . 
   what 's your point ? 
  my point is that nato would bomb russia if it could . 
   not sure what chechnya has to do with anything ? 
  according to the west , it was crime committed by russia . 
  just like serbia 's actions in kosovo that caused nato intervention .
