   what is vatnic ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vatnik_ ( slang )  `` tartu peace agreement '' that says something about estonian border it means in case of possible nato attack estonia has aforethought to return lost territories , situation is even worse for us that i first thought . 
   you can call us whatever you like , just do not `` persuade '' i can not promise you that , i 'm not the one who is in charge in russia . 
   who is that great puppeteer ? 
  usa of course . 
   you call us puppets , say that ussr rightfully annexed us i never said that . 
  in case you did n't notice , i used term `` persuaded '' because it better describes what actually happened . 
  yes , i called you puppets , but it does n't mean that you should be attacked . 
  i think that if your puppeteer will give you command , you will attack us , even if now you are really not going to do it . 
   how about you return kaliningrad , karelia , ivangorod and other things does anybody officially claims these territories ? 
  also i wonder why do you need ivangorod full of vatnics ? 
  do n't answer my previous question , i got it . 
  you will simply refuse to give them citizenship , cause they are `` aliens who came illegally '' . 
  i guess we will not give you ivangorod even if you ask , that will be inhumane . 
   if russia will ever think you accepted that russia does n't think it now . 
  `` aggression '' against poland was simply returning what was our . 
  finland was attacked by ussr , such country as russia did n't exist at that time . 
  the same with baltics , they were persuaded by ussr , not russia . 
  now please give me proofs that russia wants to attack baltics ? 
   can you write at least one message without this propaganda bullshit ? 
  already replied , but can repeat : impossible , everything you do n't agree with is `` bullshit propaganda '' for you . 
   why ca n't you just accept that communism and ussr failed so hard i already accepted that ussr failed very hard in 1991 . 
   why it annexed baltics and tried to annex finland then ? 
  i would name it `` ussr persuaded baltic countries to join '' . 
  why ? 
  for the sake of global revolution of course . 
  the same reason why usa brings democracy to iraq and afghanistan . 
   can you write at least one message without this propaganda bullshit ? 
  impossible , everything you do n't agree with is `` bullshit propaganda '' for you . 
  north korea is not puppet at all , they are poor but they have dignity . 
  no , its mostly nato invades , in all cases when russia attacked , it was forced to do so by the west . 
  west encouraged saakashvili and he started the war , west encouraged maidan and all those revolutions in the middle east . 
   the party members lived in mansions while regular ivans had to wait in line for bread . 
  they did n't even own those mansions , it belonged to the state . 
  brezhnev had maybe 20 luxurious cars , his daughter had a lot of jewelry and that 's it . 
  they did n't have billions of dollars abroad , they did n't have planes or oil companies . 
  inequality is much much higher now . 
  he was offering eurasian customs union membership , it much better deal than eu . 
  it would also be profitable for russia , for example , because of the airspace industry . 
  now we have some issues with helicopter engines , something else i do n't remember now . 
  from what i know , trade association with eu is profitable for eu but not very good for ukraine because quotas for ukrainian good are small . 
   when previous polls have had less than half that amount too many events happened after the last poll . 
  also i do n't know what were available answers in previous poll , do you have link ? 
   ukraine and russia were friends yes , but after we saw that people chanting [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ekmd6csz5ec ) and [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ojllpqsa5k ) won , we realized that friendship is over , alas . 
   83 % turnout rate with 96 % yes vote is rather impossible . 
  i found something funny , i hope you will like it too : [ georgian presidential election in 2004 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/georgian_presidential_election,_2004 ) . 
  83 % turnout rate with 96 % , what a coincidence . 
  btw , no one said that it is too high , everyone welcomed new president including west and russia . 
  -- why did you punch this gentleman a in his face ? 
  -- another man b punched my buddy c in the face !, 
  and this gentleman a said he is going to be b 's buddy from now on . 
   it was vetoed , the regional language law - still in place today . 
  maybe , but population in crimea was very frightened . 
  i agree , the west should put sanctions on ukraine to make it start implementation of minsk agreement . 
  after anti-russian forces came to power in maidan and one of the first decision of new authorities was to cancel law that regulated regional languages , 96 % seems legit to me . 
  imagine you are in the court and judge asks you : -- why did you punch this gentleman in his face ? 
  -- hey , that 's whataboutism . 
  ridiculous . 
   that 's not because ussr was better actually after 25 years turned out that ussr was better because  ... the country ... did not make a good plan for a gradual transition . 
  instead they changed from communist to capitalist overnight . 
  and half of that time we had enormous oil prices , the most funny times are ahead when oil will be less than $ 60 like forever . 
  what `` yes '' percentage would make sense to you ? 
  nope , whataboutism is when you completely change topic , for example : -- what 's up with freedom of speech in ussr ? 
  -- hey , you guys lynch negroes . 
  those who were against simply did not come to vote . 
  turnout was 83 % , which means that approx . 
  17 % were against it . 
   russia is so friendly , it already annexed karelia - a part of finland . 
  it was in the last millennium , completely not relevant today . 
  finland is not nato member , why should russia be hostile to finland ? 
  on the contrary , we are good neighbors now . 
   finland is against annexation of crimea and there are finnish sanctions in place against russia it was the eu that forced them to support sanctions , we understand that . 
   if a member state is the victim of armed aggression on its territory russia is n't going to invade , why should it matter ? 
  russia is afraid of nato aggression . 
  if nato and uncle sam will tell you `` bite '' , you will bite . 
  they will find an excuse , for example , `` gay marriage is still banned in russia , let 's punish em '' . 
  at the same time i think finland as not nato member will probably stay neutral . 
  that 's why finland is not a threat while estonia definitely is . 
   how exactly i am a puppet ? 
  you justify everything america does . 
   can you just at least think that maybe russia is failing so hard and a laughing stock because its government is just braindead ? 
  i told you already , we suck because we lost cold war and abandoned communism . 
   is finland a puppet today too and why it is even more ahead of the miserable russian indexes , rankings ? 
  many reasons , they have friendly neighbors like sweden and russia , while we have to spend money on defense because of hostile nato countries like estonia . 
  also because we abandoned communism , but even before they always lived better than us , even in russian empire they had special status . 
   so why is your economy ( per capita ) , quality of life , corruption index , ease of doing business ranking , are lagging so hard compared to the puppets ? 
  because it is very easy to feed a million puppets and then show them to everyone as an example and say `` obey and be like them '' . 
  why latvia and lithuania poorer than estonia ? 
  because they have greater population , it is much harder to feed 2 or 3 millions puppets . 
   why all russians call us puppets because you are . 
   why are you denying genocide ? 
  actions in bosnia were authorized by un , actions in serbia not . 
  guess why ? 
  because it was n't a genocide !, 
  btw , you did n't answer my previous question why horrible state of saudi arabia is your ally , why do n't you bring freedom and democracy there ? 
   how do you explain that ex-ussr countries that abandoned communism ( for example estonia ) have much higher quality of life level than those that still claim that ussr did not nothing wrong and still attempting to revive it , like russia or belarus ? 
  moldova , georgia abandoned communism too but they have much lower quality of life than russia or belarus . 
  eu feeds you for being their puppet , that 's why you have high quality of life . 
   they threaten to nuke nato they do it in response of usa 's threats only . 
   iraq did nothing wrong according to you , right ?
