  it goes double for trade leagues, 
  since world of ice and fire , i believe . 
  they are similar to the dothraki , but they pester the yi ti, 
   near future ? 
  no , while it is my understanding that more bookmarks are to be implemented , consider that progress in this mod is slow ( not complaining , praised be the devs ) and bookmarks are not priority . 
   give me the option to break off and form my own kingdom, 
  the hip mod lets you decide between keeping the new lands and giving the old ones away to a relative or liege , or give out the new lands to a relative, 
  it was , but the infighting among crusaders was massively overshadowed by their opponents infighting , glory hoarding , many a refusal to use their light cavalry as it was supposed to and poor response to the european heavy cavalry, 
  ai roman restoration run ? 
  it could only be considered so if you go by the `` having faith god does n't exist '' angle, 
  incoming ai spain is emperor , forcing them into the catholic league ... * sigh *, 
   so it would make tons of sense if you could germanize areas with your culture ( and get manpower by doing such, 
  how would that ever increase manpower in the short term to be used on the war ? 
  also , good luck trying to get paradox to implement anything genocide related in a wwii game . 
  it would backfire for sure for very little `` gain '' . 
  paradox themselves have said many times they will never make a game that has in it the holocaust or genocide , `` that is n't the game we are trying to make '' is i believe what they have said . 
  if anything i would personally prefer they included it since it is very relevant to the war , but i understand why they do n't . 
  the links on the last page seem to be broken , but the ones in the opening post are working . 
  * reported for drugdealing *, 
  i am not entrely sure ( i have n't checked the files ) but if you destroy the title ( unland the owner ) you should only need to hold whiterun itself to recreate it, 
   catholic is most popular, 
  * proposal for infidel title revocation law *, 
  that being said , the poll seems to be intended to target the ck2 subreddit, 
   last week i did ** a demographic survey of r/crusaderkings ** , here are the results . 
  enjoy !, 
  zelda mm 3d, 
  star fox 64 3d, 
  super mario all stars, 
  several pokemon games, 
  not nintendo but on their platforms :, 
  several final fantasies, 
  chrono trigger ds, 
  it is n't hpm , look at the shape of chiapas, 
  what do you mean ? 
  a pu over an elector is fantastic , if they inherit them they keep the electorate . 
  not to mention they control good land under a vassal with op prussian ideas . 
  also , neat borders, 
  i am not so sure about that ... 
  no plc gives the player free reign in lithuania, 
  most bought them before the doom , others acquired them from those buyers . 
  valyria was a massive and advanced empire , it is no wonder their high quality steel was sought after by foreign realms, 
  it is usually mentioned , like `` we have the sword since before the doom '' , `` the family sword for 500 years '', 
  `` valyrian steel was always costly , but it became considerably more so when there was no more valyria , the secret of its making lost with the doom '', 
  also grrm has touched upon it in some interviews , [ example ] ( http://www.westeros.org/citadel/ssm/entry/on_valyrian_steel_and_twist_endings ), 
   director of the institute of national remembrance, 
  supposedly his job involved remembering stuff , not removing it, 
  that is a bit unfair , of everyone he had the best position to seize power if he wanted, 
  ... italy is nice ... 
  the kind of monarchy that directly led to the demise of said country ? 
  i thought brexit means brexit ... 
  can such a map be considered a win ? 
  and it looks like it is in the form of england owning it while being a hre tributary, 
  is n't he limited to the weirwood network ( as inconsistent as it is in the tv show ) ? 
  iirc weirwoods are westeros only, 
  how is it portuguese but not catholic ? 
  he never washed his hands ... 
  just trying to make the longest possible continuous trade pipeline into an end node seems to work everytime, 
  not [ mesoamerican ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/mesoamerica ) , but caribbean, 
  yup , they occupied both greater and lesser antilles and form a big part of the region ancestry, 
  yes, 
  you need to take away everything else ( including colonies ) before being able to annex a civilized nation, 
  he has crazy infamy and truces with the great powers ( he crushed anyone who could try to contain him ), 
  that is why you always remember to turn off sunset invasion ... 
  i would be happy enough with 6 skills for the main weapon, 
  that is imperator for you , you filthy byzantophile, 
  not before his sister , besides renouncing your claim also means any future children have no claim, 
  succession laws rarely change , but they are ignored when convenient , usually when someone has the support of those directly under the throne, 
  how did you get those colonial nation borders ? 
  was it intentional ( i assume the caribbean was , at least ) ? 
  not with a properly set up economy, 
  i have seen my homeland and entire colonial empire develop new railways in a matter of months after discovering the next tech, 
  i mostly agree that eu4 and ck2 are very different games and should remain so , but i wish we did get a very simplified dynastic mechanic where you get to see an immediate line of succession ( the game already keeps track of it , it just does n't tell you ) and maybe the ability to marry your heir for a larger relationship boost and better pu chances . 
  are you saying clippers are n't hip with the kids in the 1920 's ?!, 
  perish the thought !, 
  but really , if you want to keep your sanity while looking at your industry , just fill all your slots manually in an episode of state capitalism . 
  i think the policy of feeding and capitalizing on ethnic/religious tensions to prop up colonial governments maned mostly by local minorities is a bigger contributor to the conflict than the borders set in the treaty . 
  * #dandolodidnothingwrong *, 
  of course not , you dummy !, 
  [ behold the truth you have been denied !, 
  ] ( http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/facebook/001/205/102/61a.jpg ), 
  have you watched [ baz battles ' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucx-djop9hfcbloy9qodykvw ) first crusade videos , i find them quite entertaining . 
  `` what do you mean i actually have to do what we set out to accomplish so long ago !? 
  screw you i am staying in edessa/antioch '', 
  - baldwin of flanders/bohemond de hauteville, 
  ... probably, 
  kinda missing armenia itself ... 
  what kind of christianity is it ? 
  both are correct in the sense that you are only moving the emphasis of the sentence and incorrect because solid is n't used in that context in spanish , only someone who knows both english and spanish will get your meaning . 
  meiou and taxes also expands a lot in the hre, 
  after several failed attempts as mexico ( stupid scripted usa cores ) i finally managed to beat them back and started to occupy their important northern states , sitting on them for years . 
  i eventually let them go and waited for the chance to intervene in the civil war . 
  since this was hpm i eventually managed to break them into csa , usa and new england ( which i puppeted ) . 
  sadly i did n't get the fsa to spawn . 
  in short , screw the usa in vic2 , they are completely useless as an ally and only exist to make the americas a miserable experience . 
  plus they always try to cockblock you with their sphere in africa for some reason . 
  also wtf , statue of liberty is enough to compete with all my reforms even if war ravages the country every few years !, 
  was i the only one expecting to see old ships ? 
  what did you do to core that land ? 
  expended towards the sea ? 
  switched capital ?
