   global spiritual leader , advocating peace and tolerance i did not know bombing the turkish parliament was advocating peace and tolerance . 
  thanks in large to the western attitude in the wake of the coup . 
  if the west had adopted a more moderate approach , and had condemned the coup unequivocally , showing solidarity with the turkish people , i doubt erdogan would have been able to extract as many dividends from that event as he has . 
  how would you like your anti-encryption paranoia wrapped ? 
  with islamic terrorism , or with child pornography ? 
  i doubt erdogan used the word `` ultimatum '' . 
   expect nuclear annihilation . 
  that 's the fastest way to ensure that every state on the planet arms itself to the teeth with nuclear weapons to protect themselves, 
   turks also hate us for being friendly with israel and the kurds . 
  turkey just fixed its ties with israel too , and has good relations with the kurds in iraq . 
  you are wrong . 
  erdogan and assad were actually [ quite close back in 2011 ] ( http://media.zenfs.com/en_us/news/afp.com/649a570b0feee77abcff20a34a90efe96b424f8b.jpg ) . 
  at the time turkey was pushing for a visa free area between turkey , syria , jordan and lebanon to emulate the european economic area . 
  contrary to popular belief , the us does not have limitless power . 
   expose the whole g\u00fclenist structure within the state and now that the gulenist structure is being destroyed , the us is losing what little leverage it had on the turkish state in the first place . 
  it looks increasingly unlikely that they will be able to organize another coup . 
  short of a direct invasion , getting rid of erdogan will be next to impossible now . 
  yes , but the us has to also contend with a much more powerful china . 
  see obama 's pivot to asia . 
  your hands are quite full in the western pacific to be able to do anything significant in europe or the middle east . 
  besides , despite all your power , you still have not been able to achieve your objectives in syria . 
  assad , who was supposed to be gone long ago , is still more or less comfortably ruling in damascus . 
  that is in fact one of the main reasons why turkey is pivoting away from the us . 
  erdogan sees the whole adventure in syria as one big mistake that he should never gotten involved with . 
  he only got involved because obama provided guarantees about leaving `` no stone unturned in syria '' until assad is gone but was not able to deliver on that . 
  listen for example on what [ senator lindsey graham and john mccain ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r0xvyfjg-pc ) had to say on the issue . 
  there is : it 's turkey . 
  see [ the first balkan war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/first_balkan_war ) . 
  judging by their relative sizes https://youtu.be/02k1xisww6w?t=20s the answer to that question seems to be self evident . 
  i agree . 
  if turkey ever leaves nato , it needs to get nukes first in order to deter russia from doing something stupid . 
   may take the dardenelles and bosphorus by force the british thought the same during ww1 and they failed miserably . 
  the bulgarian turkish border goes through a mountain ( strandzha ) . 
  good luck digging a canal there . 
   the us will probably just depose him . 
  the us just tried to depose him . 
  they failed . 
  and they will fail again . 
  you can not use antidemocratic means to get rid of a leader who was elected with a popular vote . 
  the us easily defeated japan in ww2 by dropping a few nukes . 
  what makes you think russia can not do the same to turkey ? 
  without turkey the entire southern flank of nato collapses , and russia gets unhindered access to the mediterranean and the soft underbelly of western europe . 
  in fact i very much doubt that nato can exist without turkey to the extent that it 's objective is to defend europe from russia . 
   many turkish and tatar soliders betrayed ottoman empire and allied with timur during the battle but serbs stayed loyal and fought back for the beyazid that 's probably because they chose the lesser of two evils . 
  better under the ottomans , than under the scourge of the mongols . 
  mongols had a horrible reputation during the middle ages . 
  if iran ( modern day persia ) joins the alliance , then your analogy will become compete . 
  turkey attempted to form a black sea flotilla together with romania and bulgaria , but that project failed . 
  i guess erdogan 's new logic is if you can not beat russia , then join russia . 
   there will be no such thing , erdogan will flip flop as he has done many times before . 
  i agree . 
  for an alliance to be durable it needs to be based on a deep institutional level . 
  the current alliance between turkey and russia is based on the personal whims of putin and erdogan . 
  is it really surprising ? 
  when turkey requested assistance after the downing of the russian jet , the response from nato countries was lukewarm at best , mostly indifferent , and some nato countries were openly hostile to turkey . 
  if nato is not willing to defend turkey from russia then what good is it at all ? 
  turkey might just as well go to russia and make direct arrangements based on their mutual interests in order to avoid any future confrontations . 
   it is n't realistic to expect a sudden turkish exit out of nato any time soon let us not forget that many said the same thing about brexit . 
  this just shows that gulenism is a scientology like sect that is destroying family bonds . 
  if you look at their serial numbers , they all start with the letter f for fetullah . 
   g\u00fclen has a `` spell and magic department '' if you actually watch him uttering his spells https://youtu.be/e0cqmeste7y?t=1m45s it does not look so far fetched . 
  lol, 
   mayor melih gokcek that is the same guy that accused gulen of using genies to amass such a big following . 
  and how many decades did turkey wait for ? 
  because mockery and criticism is very dangerous . 
  there is no faster way of people losing their respect for religion than others mocking some of the frankly ridiculous assertions that are made in modern day religious doctrine . 
  what makes you think that the usa is not going to help them ? 
  no , it will not . 
  even if it did , the coup plotters will be exempt because laws can not be applied retroactively . 
   death row in turkey turkey does not currently have the death penalty . 
  at this rate it looks like before long the pound will reach parity with the euro . 
  not to mention the people at the bottom of that human pyramid . 
  they must have been crushed . 
  it looked like an ant mole made of humans . 
  proletariats of the world , unite !, 
  turkey already submitted the evidence for his extradition : http://www.trtworld.com/turkey/us-evaluating-new-turkish-documents-for-gulen-extradition-158455  if your view is consistent with the view erdogan might spread through the media and what about your view ? 
  it seems like to you no amount of evidence would convince you in the culpability of gulen . 
  you are determined to blame erdogan for everything . 
  the hatred for the turkish president is so great on this sub , that i 've seen people publicly call for his murder and expressing regret for the failure of the coup . 
   the demagogy with which he manipulates his people is sickening turkish people are tired of being looked down upon , and being treated as people who need to be constantly given lessons by europeans . 
  turkish people are perfectly capable of forming their own opinions based on their knowledge and understanding of their country , and they do not need some foreigners to tell them who is and who is not manipulating them in their own country . 
  has it ever occurred to you that it may not be erdogan 's demagoguery , but gulen 's history and actions that are responsible for the views of the turkish people ? 
  if you are going to convince them you need to come with something better than erdogan is manipulating you . 
  from a turkish perspective , the evidence has been provided , and it is the west that is failing to credibly refute the evidence . 
  innocent until proven guilty , but gulen has been proven guilty so he is not innocent . 
  the actions of erdogan supporters in germany were wrong . 
  clearly they should have followed the legal channels , rather than take the law in their own hand . 
  however , that they committed a mistake , does not mean that gulen is innocent . 
  rather it shows their lack of trust that the west will ever bring him to justice . 
   so , as long as these evidence are not presented to trustful third parties ( which mean noone in turkey ) , this consensus is worthless . 
  on the contrary . 
  the consensus is really important . 
  for as long as the west continues to give the image that it is protecting and sheltering a man like gulen , whom turks see as the culprit for the coup , then the image of the west in turkey will continue to suffer . 
  serious accusations have been leveled against him , and unless the west can credibly refute those accusations in a way that will be believed by turkish public opinion , then things will only get worse . 
   because we lack the evindence that clearly link the g\u00fclllens to the coup , despite erdogans words . 
  you are wrong . 
  there is clear evidence that links gulen to the coup . 
  and that is not just erdogan 's word , that is the consensus among all political parties in parliament . 
   where is erdogans ? 
  and here is erdogan posing with a gay diva .
