  it 's such a beautiful area . 
  '' \u0410\u0439\u0434\u0435\u043c\u0438\u0440 '' - `` aydemir '' has turkish etimology and it does not mean what you have described . 
  in turkish ay means moon , and demir means iron . 
  but if you break it into `` hayde '' meaning let 's and `` mir '' meaning peace in bulgarian it could be interpreted as `` let 's have peace '' , however i highly doubt that 's where the name comes from . 
  in fact there are villages that have he same name in turkey , e.g. 
  [ this one ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/place/aydemir,+13700+aydemir%2fmutki%2fbitlis,+turkey/@38.7565535,41.1206328,7.75z/data=!4m5!3m4!1s0x400cd7f05cc51697:0x17262438d3edf412!8m2!3d38.395225!4d41.943155 ) . 
  if you consider slovenia part of the balkans that is . 
  ironically , it looks like by seeking the collapse of the european union , nigel farage may have in fact precipitated the disintegration of his own country . 
  australia is an island , europe is a peninsula . 
   we ca n't bring them back to turkish soil . 
  you ca n't bring them back , but you can give them the means to go back . 
  unless they are facing mortal danger , however , i very much doubt that they will comply . 
  the only balkan countries in schengen are slovenia and greece . 
   the closure of the balkan route and the turkey agreement the balkan route was closed because of the agreement with turkey . 
   ban travel to turkey for tourists while at it , why not require exit visas for all eu citizens ? 
  you ca n't leave the eu unless granted a permit by the authorities . 
  actually , the deputy prime minister said something to that effect recently . 
  you need to pick your poison . 
  europe needs oil . 
  the main sources of oil in the near abroad are russia and saudia arabia . 
  europe can not have bad relations with both . 
  interesting . 
  i 've always assumed that the cu was the lifeline of the turkish economy , at least judging by the number of turkish tir trucks crossing through bulgaria on their way to europe . 
   turkey 's main export agriculture and services are not part of customs union . 
  is that really the case ? 
  i always assumed that all goods were part of the customs union . 
  wishful thinking . 
  whatever suites you . 
  i guess [ google maps ] ( http://i.imgur.com/jspbzol.png ) are now turkish fascists . 
  just look at the map . 
  cyprus is part of the anatolian shelf in the mediterranean sea . 
  your analogy is misplaced . 
  turkey itself is struggling under massive amounts of `` sand '' , and that `` sand '' wants to go to europe - it is not being thrown by turkey . 
  you are talking as if turkey is not exerting great efforts to contain the flow . 
  a wall is being built across the southern turkish border now as we speak . 
  turkey is not the source of these refugees , it is not their country of origin , but merely a transit point along their route . 
  turkey has no responsibility to `` protect '' europe from these people or to patrol european borders unless it is incentivized to do so . 
  it looks like europeans love the fact that turkey is a buffer between them and the instability in the middle east , but when turkey itself is under threat to be destabilized under the massive wave of refugees , all they know how to do is threaten to punish the country with economic sanctions , if they can not keep the surging wave of migrants away from them . 
  actually cyprus is geographically an extension of the anatolian peninsula , and is therefore part of asia . 
  debt is like a drug . 
  if you keep interest rates too low , the economy can get addicted to cheap money . 
  turkey is in fact in such a situation . 
  even the slightest increase in interest rates could induce strong withdrawal symptoms in the economy , and there is massive opposition to such a move even though in the long run the economy would be better off . 
  he does actually refer to them as the `` interest rate lobby '' . 
   erdo\u011fan has long been a critic of interest rates , even suggesting that unrest in turkey has been fostered by a shady `` interest rate lobby '' aiming to profit from political instability . 
  he has repeatedly declared his aim to push interest rates to zero and has criticized former central bank governors durmu\u015f y\u0131lmaz and erdem ba\u015f\u00e7\u0131 for not lowering rates enough . 
  the sales tax in europe is higher than in america . 
  you certainly are allowed to ask any questions , it is just that the consequences can sometimes be quite deadly . 
  i think he handled it very well . 
  he answered her question , and pointed her biases out . 
  banning her from the press meeting would have been worse in my opinion . 
  rt would rave on and on for weeks how they are restricting freedom of speech . 
   i am against any country having a guarantor status . 
  britain would never agree to that . 
  that would effectively require them to abandon their bases on the island . 
  it is true that central asia is really unstable and unreliable , but i would not group iran and pakistan with those countries . 
  there is much left to be desired , but let us not forget that pakistan is a nuclear power , whereas iran has a fast growing economy . 
  given how tremendously eastern europe and the balkans have developed their freeway system over the past decade , i would not discount the possibility of the same happening in iran and pakistan , and upgrading their transportation systems would significantly facilitate the connectivity between turkey and china . 
  true . 
  you `` only '' have to cross russia to get to china . 
  i am guessing you do not watch fox news much . 
   i do n't know , there is a long way to china . 
  actually , turkey is just two countries away from china . 
  turkey -  iran -  pakistan -  china china has been investing heavily in its transportation corridors through pakistan , especially the karakoram highway . 
  the russo-turkish wars go all the way back to the 1560s . 
  how does that not run afoul of freedom of speech ? 
  russia and turkey are destined to be competitors as history has shown . 
  they can not be part of the same security alliance . 
  this is just a bluff by erdogan . 
  the hostility towards china also has to do with their treatment of the uighurs . 
  you need to clarify that white in turkish is ak , which is also the name of erdogan 's party . 
  that is why many of the interviewees confuse white walkers for erdogan supporters . 
   coal also coal is a significant source of radioactivity as well . 
  is n't he trying to bring the death penalty back ? 
  it would be ironic if he were to fall victim to his own law . 
   related somehow it looks like the muslim brotherhood has its tentacles everywhere . 
  put in , put out . 
  that is putin 's insurance policy . 
  even for kaliningrad ? 
   turkey has as much right to be in the kurdish regions of anatolia as israel has to be in palestine . 
  or the uk in northern ireland , right ? 
  just pray you do n't get the same with trump . 
   the west might be covertly involved as well covertly ? 
  what is so covert about the cia openly vetting rebel groups and supporting them ? 
  most of them are quite extreme , in fact a group of those cia vetted rebels recently beheaded a palestinian child . 
  is turkey to blame for that too ? 
  the west is knees deep in the syria mess , and no amount of denying or attempting to shift the blame will absolve it of its responsibility . 
  right up until 2010 , turkey was attempting to build friendly relationship with syria and the assad regime . 
  in fact , [ the guardian ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2009/oct/01/turkey-syria-friendship ) had an extensive article about the reproachment between the two countries . 
   in what marks a significant turnaround in relations , not only have the prospects for conflict evaporated but also damascus and ankara find themselves in an ever closer integrated relationship with economic , political and even military ties strengthening each year . 
  similarly , turkey has been instrumental in syria 's recent international rehabilitation . 
  a visa free travel arrangement was put in place , a custom union was in the works . 
  it was under western pressure , in particular the obama administration , that forced turkey to support their ill-fated color revolution in syria . 
  turkey had no interest in having a crazy caliphate or a major civil war right next to its border . 
   supported isis it is crazy how often this lie is repeated despite the fact that it was mostly russian propaganda . 
  turkey supported the `` moderate '' rebeles , but it can hardly be accused of being the only one . 
  most of the western world supported those rebels in order to see assad fall . 
   should the ecb need need recapitalisation ( yes it can go bankrupt in theory ) how can an entity that controls the issuance of currency ever go bankrupt ? 
  you took the words out of my mouth . 
  if he views himself as the shepherd , it must be the case that he views the turkish people as his sheep .
