  legally , when bulgaria signed the accession treaty with the european union , it accepted the obligation ( not the option ) of joining the eurozone . 
  very few countries have an exemption from that requirement . 
  of the top of my head , i think denmark was one of them . 
  one of the biggest positive effects of euro adoption for me would be that bulgarian banks would no longer be able to charge outrageous sepa fees . 
  right now it costs a leg and a foot to make a money transfer to the eu , whereas within the eurozone sepa transfers are for free or have minimal fees . 
  borisov needs to rename his party . 
  in bulgarian , gerb stands for citizens for the european development of bulgaria . 
  however , given his actions , it looks like the name citizens for the russian development of bulgaria would be more appropriate . 
  all he does is stall the country 's development and integration with europe - starting with his failure to pass meaningful judicial reform to this delay with adopting the euro . 
  today he even ensured a police cordon for putin 's biker gang that was passing through the capital sofia . 
  bulgaria needs to follow the model of the baltic states and push for as much integration with europe as possible in order to ensure that it will never again fall under the russian sphere of influence . 
  in this respect borisov has been a sore disappointment , and i hope that the people will eventually elect an authentically pro-european party that will steer the country in the right direction . 
  also a major problem with ttip is that it imposes a broken intellectual property model that encourages things like patent trolling and indefinite copyright extension that do not serve any good purpose other than create a permanent class of rent extractors that `` own '' intellectual property but contribute nothing to society . 
  turkish sources claim that he did not use the word `` apologize '' ( \u00f6z\u00fcr dilemek ) but that he instead said he `` felt sorrow '' ( \u00fcz\u00fcnt\u00fc duymak ) . 
   have to pay 10 $ per sepa transfer that 's the biggest problem in bulgaria too . 
  currently bulgarian banks charge exorbitant fees to make transfers to and from the eu . 
  sepa transfers in the eurozone on the other hand are for free . 
  when i visited germany , i was really surprised how cheap everything was . 
  it never ceases to amaze me how people can survive on so little . 
  if anything good comes out of brexit - it is that one of the five eyes members will be outside the union . 
  i hope the eu takes proper measures to protect the union from the kind of intrusive surveillance that the uk and the usa have been pushing for . 
  i love it when russian sellouts are called `` nationalists '' . 
  more than anything they are traitors to their nation , as they hold the interests of russia above the interests of their own country . 
  thank you for sharing this with us . 
  he is a true hero . 
  i hope bulgaria and romania veto it . 
  either canada has to treat the whole union as one , or they wo n't have an agreement . 
  i have n't seen your flag before . 
  it looks nice . 
  i used to read zero-hedge , and it gave me anxiety . 
  if you base your worldview on what they write , you are going to think the apocalypse is coming any moment . 
  what about gibraltar ? 
  are they going to be able to remain in the union ? 
  i am sure spain would love to annex them . 
  it must be the shock . 
  it seems like they are in complete denial about the situation that they find themselves in . 
  without freedom of movement , the eu will be meaningless . 
  please , choose a sponsored video . 
  your content will begin shortly . 
  turkey just restored diplomatic ties with israel too . 
  might have something to do with that . 
  i am glad the police officer was able to get away from him in time . 
  is there a mirror of the tweets ? 
  it looks like the twitter feed has been deleted . 
  an nbc news reporter , who witnessed the explosions , wrote on twitter that he saw a police officer wrestle a suicide bomber to the ground and that the attacker then detonated his bomb . 
  [ moment of second explosion ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=zhck34aeo_i ), 
  i only started watching when they were talking about the pkk . 
  but now they are saying that it might have been daesh . 
  agreed . 
  i get the feeling that erdogan 's media are going to try to shift the blame away from isis though , as that would make their beloved reis look terrible . 
  according to the commentary on that video , he was shouting allahu ekber . 
  [ moment of the explosion . 
  ] ( https://twitter.com/imgedengemi/status/747887345945411584 ) apparently the terrorist was running and shouting allahu ekber which probably means it was isis . 
  in bulgaria , the current constitution was drafted after the collapse of communism , so it is even younger than the eu itself . 
  the extremist arm of the pkk - which is called tak - targeted airports in the past . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/dec/27/kurdish-rebels-claim-responsiblity-for-deadly-istanbul-airport-blast however , to me this looks like isis . 
  if it is indeed isis , erdogan is going to look really bad , and i am sure his media outlets are going to try to spin this as the pkk/pyd . 
  that 's just horrible . 
  i hope she survives . 
  the funny thing is that her son is in the us trying to build his life in the west , whereas she is trying to drag the country back into the clutches of russia . 
  its the craiova group, 
  those people seem to be thick . 
  no worries . 
  you still have that one gigantic bear to the east . 
  are you implying that we are not civilized ? 
  assad has no legitimacy outside the alawaite heartland . 
   because a weaker country is easier to steer towards putin , their great leader . 
  same for bulgaria . 
  all the eurosceptics here would love to see bulgaria join putin 's eurasian union . 
  ah , the maronites . 
  in addition to latin , greek , cyrillic , that would add the arabic script to the official scripts of the union . 
   each country gets to have one official language in the eu . 
  so if cyprus ever gets unified , presumably greek and turkish will have equal status . 
  which one will they choose as the eu language ? 
  i have never lived in poland , but the polish people i have met were all really nice . 
  what i meant was with respect to the migrant crisis . 
  even though poland had hardly taken any refugees in , it was one of the most vocal ones against them and there were massive demonstrations across the country . 
  for us it was the russo-turkish war of 1878 ( ended by the treaty of san stefano ) and the balkan wars of 1912-13 . 
  well said . 
  could n't agree more . 
  a pipeline is far more efficient than oil tankers . 
  ethnic nationalism is not solely a trademark of the balkans , and i doubt that hungarians actually consider themselves to be part of the balkans . 
  they are central european . 
  so poetic and inspiring . 
  you have now turned me into a true romanian nationalist ready to defend your nations claims . 
  i wonder why bulgaria and the turkish minority here is never mentioned in these situations . 
  us turks have hardly any minority rights in bulgaria . 
  no turkish in schools . 
  usage of the mother tongue during political rallies is forbidden . 
  most of the turkish names of towns and villages have been changed to bulgarian ones , and the turkish originals have not been restored even in places with turkish majorities . 
  all we have is a political party ( dps ) , and that turned out to be headed by a kgb agent that actually serves the interests of russia . 
  given poland 's own attitude towards migrants , i can not say i feel sorry for them . 
  given that erdogan would be willing to do anything for power , money , and to save his own skin , i would not be surprised at all if these reports were true . 
   i overlooked balkan turks , i now realize you are right . 
  even though there are variations in dialect and some differences with the official turkish language , most of us are considered ethnically turkish . 
  one of the men who was hailed as a hero by the nationalists , will now be put under trial for shooting at the russian pilots . 
  i expect this to be really messy for erdogan , as in recent times he was betting increasingly on the vote of the nationalists , and now it looks like he will lose them . 
  and if you read the statement on [ the russian presidency 's website ] ( http://kremlin.ru/events/president/news/52282 ) , you will get the impression that erdogan is basically kissing putin 's feet , and is willing to do everything to get forgiveness . 
  yes . 
  basically syria is the only thing that currently stands between saudi arabian oil and the oil thirsty economies of europe .
