  i know right . 
  a year ago turkey and russia were mortal enemies , now erdo and putler are best buddies . 
  with the collapse of the muslim brotherhood , it does indeed look like egypt is adopting an increasingly hostile stance against turkey . 
  if that is the case , why would they divert military resources to the west . 
  if turkey was so bogged down in the east , why would they needlessly provoke greece ? 
   your concerns are completely deranged . 
  and all his supporters that are openly talking about leaving nato and the eu are deranged as well ? 
  if he is so pro-eu and pro-nato why would they support him in the first place ? 
  do n't get me wrong , i hope you are right that he does not intend to do that , but i have my concerns . 
   your fundamental difference is irrelevant . 
  no , it is not . 
  it is one thing to intervene in order to protect a persecuted minority like the west did in kosovo for example , it is completely another to invade a territory in order to incorporate it into your country like putin did in crimea . 
  i used this source : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_crimea#ethnicities_and_languages  according to the ( 2001 census ) , the ethnic makeup of crimea 's population consists of the following self-reported groups : russians :1.18 million ( 58.3 % ) , ukrainians : 492,200 ( 24.3 % ) , crimean tatars : 243,400 ( 12.0 % ) , belarusians : 29,200 ( 1.4 % ) , other tatars : 11,000 ( 0.5 % ) , armenians : 8,700 ( 0.4 % ) . 
  all the serbs singing praises to their beloved russia more than make up for the missing russians . 
  youl would be surprised at the shit thrown at us by bulgarian natioanlists . 
  during their rallies slogans like `` turks under the knife !, 
  '' , `` gypsies into soap ! '', 
  are commonplace . 
  although it does seem like / u/worldcitizen77 is of the moer moderate variety . 
  he has n't called for my extermination yet . 
   most bulgarian turks have been completely bulgarianized and are not loyal to turkey , actually . 
  how many bulgarian turks do you even know ? 
  what is embarrasing is really how little you know about your own country . 
  perhaps it is the nostalgia and being so far away what makes you feel so nationalistic ? 
  the fundamental difference between turkey and russia is that turkey does not seek to annex northern cyprus whereas russia directly redrew the borders and announced the territory as their own land . 
  i never said '' \u041a\u0438\u043f\u044a\u0440 \u043d\u0430\u0448 '' like some russian apologists say about crimea . 
  i want to see a solution where the rights of each people are respected . 
  my concern with the new pro-russian bulgarian president is that he may try to take the country out of eu and nato in order to serve the russian interests . 
   if you are going to do that , take off the bulgarian flag . 
  how about one big fat no ? 
   luckily we did what we did in the 80s lucky ? 
  that is a term that few people would use to describe forcefully trying to assimilate people , deny their ethnic origin , change their names against their will , kill civilian protests , and gather some 300,000 people and send them on an `` excursion '' to turkey . 
  i guess me using the bulgarian flair is the result of your assimilation process - i now fully identify with bulgaria and i am going to express my opinions using a bulgarian flair . 
  too bad that you are getting a little bit turkified in the process . 
  i guess the assimilation knife cuts both ways . 
  i am not justifying anything , i am merely putting things into context . 
  yes , the forced displacement of greek cypriots was wrong , and it should not have happened , and even though turkish cypriots suffered similarly if not worse , two rights do not make a wrong . 
  the administration in the north is actually taking steps to redress some of the wrongs that were committed against them . 
  for example , they have established an immovable property commission : http://www.tamk.gov.ct.tr/ that seeks to be an effective remedy to some of the claims . 
   your ancestors that tortured mine under 500 years of slavery oh the poor bulgarian slave . 
  engages in a victim-hood complex , and turns the tables around when others bring up his own crimes . 
  so you want me to defend the bulgarian nationalistic crap about how terrible the ottomans were ? 
  that was like ... what ... 140 years ago now ? 
  there has not been a single war between bulgaria and turkey since the 1910s and you continues with this narrative of hostility . 
  but we still remember what you did to use in the 80s , i am actually old enough to remember . 
  that is perhaps why you are so much against me expressing opinions about cyprus , because it is a very good example of what happens to countries that try to destroy , assimilate , or expel their minorities . 
  defending turkish imperialism would be to say that cyprus should be annexed by turkey and become turkish territory . 
  that is now what i am saying . 
  defending a more equitable and fair solution that takes into consideration the rights of turkish cypriots is not defending turkish imperialism . 
  turks in bulgaria know very well what it is like to be deprived of most fundamental rights and liberties . 
  wrong . 
  the only reason why i have a bulgarian flair is because i was born in bulgaria , and i am a bulgarian citizen . 
  if i were born in turkey , then i would have a turkish flair . 
  it is said that you need to look at the flair of the person in order to judge their credibility . 
  ok then . 
  next time i express an opinion i will run it by you to make sure that it conforms to your preconceived notions of what `` real '' bulgarian turks should think . 
  to be precise i am a [ bulgarian turk ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bulgarian_turks ) . 
  i was born in bulgaria and i have every right to express opinions with a bulgarian flair as you do . 
  why ? 
  i never sought to americanize my name , thank you . 
  i am happy with the way it is . 
  i am a bulgarian citizen that is ethnically turkish . 
  is that so hard to grasp ? 
  i live in bulgaria , asshole , in kardzhali to be precise . 
  stop making assumptions about people you know nothing about . 
   bulgaria stands with cyprus !, 
  besides i find it quite funny that you think that you alone have a monopoly on where all people in bulgaria stand . 
  sorry , but i do not have turkish nationality . 
  i am a bulgarian citizen . 
  lol . 
  you are entitled to your opinion , as am i. 
  according to [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkish_invasion_of_cyprus#first_turkish_invasion.2c_july_1974 ) during the first stage :  on 20 july , the 10,000 inhabitants of the turkish cypriot enclave of limassol surrendered to the cypriot national guard . 
  following this , according to turkish cypriot and greek cypriot eyewitness accounts , the turkish cypriot quarter was burned , women raped and children shot . 
  [ 87 ] [ 88 ] 1,300 turkish cypriots were confined in a prison camp afterwards . 
  [ 89 ] the enclave in famagusta was subjected to shelling and the turkish cypriot town of lefka was occupied by greek cypriot troops . 
  [ 90 ] according to the international committee of the red cross , the prisoners of war taken at this stage and before the second invasion included 385 greek cypriots in adana , 63 greek cypriots in the saray prison and 3,268 turkish cypriots in various camps in cyprus . 
  [ 91 ] when you have such massive human rights abuses in other parts of the island , it is difficult to abstain from taking further action . 
  i am sure that if turkey had just withdrawn the human rights of all these people would have been magically restored . 
   you obviously have not read the book . 
  have you ? 
  can you cite the exact page and paragraph where you took that statement about cyprus from ? 
  anyway , davutoglu was unceremoniously remove from power by erdogan , and with him gone his entire doctrine is history as well . 
  ottoman forces were expelled from crete in 1898 . 
  the population exchange treaty on the other hand was not signed until 1923 . 
  to link the two events is intellectually dishonest . 
  all the population exchange do was to remove what few turks remained on the island , but the mass of them were already removed earlier . 
  i never agreed that they were unrelated . 
  in fact the fall of the greek junta is directly linked to the turkish intervention in cyprus , and many international observers always link the two events . 
  as for your first statement , as an eu member , the south needs to uphold the law unconditionally . 
  you can not arbitrarily set preconditions on what rights your citizens can and can not have depending on their ethnicity . 
  if the south is serious about unification , then it should immediately restore tc properties without any preconditions . 
  thrace is one examle , but there is also the precedent of crete . 
  the island had a substantial turkish population known as the [ cretan turks ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cretan_turks ) . 
  today there are no turks in crete . 
  who is to say that the same would not have happened in cyprus ? 
  removing people from their homes was a mistake , no matter whether they were turkish or greek . 
  ideally , turkey should have just restored the constitution order , and withdrawn . 
  but let us not pretend that the war only affected gcs . 
  50,000 tcs were also expelled from their homes . 
  turkey has plenty of territory to seek lebensraum in a tiny island like cyprus .
