  that guy is [ a real badass ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=crgi5d7xsgy ) . 
  turkey is split half - half on the issue of erdogan , and a lot of turks care about democracy and civil liberties . 
  the eu should care because it has great leverage over erdogan . 
  the recent spat with russia significantly limits erdogan 's options , and now more than ever he is compelled to follow the prescriptions of the european union . 
  it is a simple issue of supply and demand . 
  because of the massive lending by banks , a lot of people who could not afford an educatoin were able to get one . 
  this increased availability of funds for education had the effect of pushing the prices up disproportianately to the actual underlying value of the education that people were getting . 
  the next big bubble that will burst will be the education bubble , and it will be a repetition of the 2008 financial crisis . 
   a debt is a debt and if you do n't want to pay your debts do n't incur them lenders must lend responsibly . 
  you can not shift all the blame to the borrowers . 
  in this case the responsibility rests squarely on the lenders for giving money to people who have no financial responsibility and are unlikely to return the money . 
  saddling these people with debt for the rest of their lives is not a viable option . 
  i agree . 
  if something is not done , it looks like we are heading towards a 100 % russian dependence even in the retail supply of petrol . 
  nowadays it is quite easy to determine the age of a person using biological markers . 
  precisely . 
  it is up to the great powers in europe and the rest of the world to sort out their differences . 
  for as long as syria continues to bleed , the stream of refugees will continue unabated . 
  once they reclaim the land , how do they get rid of all the salt in the soil ? 
  would n't the salt make the soil infertile ? 
  yes , but what we need is a plan for the whole of syria , not just for the tiny strip along the turkish border . 
   the only way to solve this crises is to invest on turkey , lebanon and jordan so these nations can improve the conditions of the refugees hence they would n't need to go to europe for a better life and we would n't need to spent ridiculous amounts of cash like we do right now it 's a win-win situation . 
  i think the only long term solution is for some kind of a marshall plan for syria once the war is over . 
  neither turkey , nor the eu , should be required to allow these people to stay indefinitely . 
  they should be helped in returning to their country and rebuilding it from the ground up . 
  it makes zero economic sense to open your doors to refugees at the current levels the eu is offering to pay . 
  at $ 3 billion for 2 million refugees currently in turkey , it comes to about $ 1,500 per refugee . 
  surely it costs far more than that to house , feed , educate and police the refugees . 
  those are all recurring costs that are going to last for years . 
  you call it blackmail but i think turkey is acting in good faith and is genuinely trying to cooperate with the eu . 
  it is simply unable to cope with the flood of refugees within its borders given its limited resources . 
  if you are housing two million refugees , 3 billion euros comes down to $ 1,500 per refugee . 
  that is less than how much each refugee is willing to spend on smugglers to get them across the aegean . 
  at the end of the day it is up to the eu to decide whether to spend the money on securing its external borders rather than to spend the money in turkey . 
  but to expect 3 billion euros to solve the problem in turkey , is really significantly overestimating the ability of turkey to keep these people locked in within the country . 
  anybody who goes to syria to join isis should be declared a traitor , and stripped of their citizenship . 
  allowing these people to return makes no sense . 
   what we have from electronic voting is that we will know someone breeched the system . 
  when you have paper voting you have a paper trail that you can follow and prove fraud . 
  with electronic voting the paper trail does not exist - it is only a matter of chaning a value in the memory of a computer . 
  imagine if a company of peevski is given the contract for overseeing the electronic voting machines . 
  [ theonion did a quite funny video on this issue recently ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lbrdzzcoqti ) . 
  the company that was responsible for the voting machines in the usa was called diebold . 
  for me the only thing missing is the judicial reform . 
  if they fix that bulgaria would become a livable country again . 
  i 've had the misfortune to have to deal with the courts in bulgaria , and the extent to which corruption pervades from the lowest clerks to the highest judges is mind blowing - they all guard the interests of their friends and relatives , and even if the law is on your side , if you threaten their interests they can use all kinds of tactics to stall the process . 
  as for electronic voting , i am not an optimist there . 
  voting requires anonymity and nonfalsifiability . 
  electronic voting has yet to solve these problems in order to be a good substitute for physical voting . 
  [ this youtube video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w3_0x6oadmi ) is a good overview of the problems . 
  electronic voting will create far more problems in bulgaria , then it will solve . 
  anybody with access to the servers running the voting software will be able to manipulate the results . 
  are you suggesting that italy will leave the union ? 
   muslims will become a majority in europe within the 21st century , there is no doubt about that . 
  i strongly doubt that . 
  even when parts of europe were ruled by muslims , notably the balkans most recently and iberia before that , the muslims never became a majority in those areas . 
  the fears of muslims taking over are overblown . 
  the more likely scenarios are that muslims will adopt european cultural norms about unemployment within a few generations , and end up suffering the same demographic problems that are affecting the rest of europe . 
  that is precisely what happened in bulgaria for example . 
  in the 80s turks in bulgaria had substantially higher birth rates than bulgarians , but today the birth rates are more or less the same . 
  the only female [ turkish prime minister ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tansu_%c3%87iller ) , brought the country close to a war with greece over a [ tiny rock in the aegan ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ehth3pdqebe ) . 
  perhaps the stereotype applies to more than kings and queens . 
  sure . 
  but we are talking about the political entity eu here , not the geographical entity of the european continent as a whole . 
  i am all for a europe of regions . 
  i also agree that the era of the nation state is over . 
  the nation state was a neat idea that fit the political realities after the renaissance , but it no longer fits the modern world . 
  the `` organic change '' would have happened much faster within the muslim community were it not for the western meddling and support for the most retrogade elements in the middle east . 
  let us not fool ourselves that wahhabi islam , which is the most problematic one , is actually funded by a close ally of the west , saudi arabia . 
  if the west was able to apply sanctions to iran and iraq , why ca n't they do the same with saudi arabia ? 
  ordinary muslims simply have no way of competing with the billions of dollars that saudi arabia is pumping into its wahabbi ideology . 
  geographically anything south of the caucasus mountain is asia . 
  however , europe and asia both form a contingnent landmass , and unlike other continents which have distinct plates , europe and asia share [ the eurasian plate ] ( http://scioly.org/wiki/images/9/92/platetectonics.gif ) . 
  in that respect europe is merely a western extension of the eurasian continent , and the boundaries between the two are completely arbitrary and artificial . 
   not all european countries have freedom of movement for their citizens across the continent . 
  what do you mean by that ? 
  freedom of movement is guaranteed for all eu nationals witht the union . 
   free movement of workers is a fundamental principle of the treaty enshrined in article 45 of the treaty on the functioning of the european union and developed by eu secondary legislation and the case law of the court of justice . 
  eu citizens are entitled to :  look for a job in another eu country  work there without needing a work permit  reside there for that purpose  stay there even after employment has finished  enjoy equal treatment with nationals in access to employment , working conditions and all other social and tax advantages source : http://ec.europa.eu/social/main.jsp?catid=457, 
  so turkey is going to take all these people and put them where exactly ? 
  if you deny them a tourist visa , you are going to encourage them to apply for permanent residence in order to see their children . 
   so elderly parents come illegally , wait 3-5 years , get a green card . 
  they do n't have to come here illegally in the first place . 
  [ any us citizen can petition for his parents to be granted residence in the united states ] ( https://www.uscis.gov/family/family-us-citizens/parents/bringing-parents-live-united-states-permanent-residents ) . 
  if their intent was to settle in the country indefinitely they could have done that through legal means . 
  i have a feeling this has precious little to do with wine , but more to do with [ the hawkish stance france displayed on the iranian nuclear deal ] ( http://www.cnn.com/2015/04/01/politics/france-iran-nuclear-deal-hawks/ ) . 
  bulgaria recognized it in 2008 . 
  i think it is more of the case that the european union has failed to protect its external borders . 
  i do not think it fair to expect greeks to deal with an influx of such great proportions on their own . 
  well , on that index italy , turkey , bulgaria and serbia are all behind romania , which means that you are still a regional leader . 
   did you forgot about the 50 something people that ended up in romania by mistake and started crying when they found out where they are ? 
  do you have a source for this claim ? 
  damn . 
  you beat me to it . 
  is kosovo aslo part of that group , or is its inclusion on that map a mistake ? 
  the wikipedia article says the group only consists of ro , bg and srb . 
  romana is doing a really great job . 
  meanwhile the judicial reform in bulgaria has stalled . 
  i really do hope that bulgaria can emulate the example of its northern neigbor eventually . 
  a sound legal systema and the ability to robustly fight corruption are important prerequisites to economic growth .
