  i thought slovenians used latin and not cyrillic . 
  the eu regularly extradites people to the us for minor offenses like copyright infringement . 
  given the general state of the us prison system , under the standards of most eu states incarceration in the us would amount to cruel and degrading punishment completely disproportionate to the crime committed . 
  the eu does not stand up for these people , but when it comes to people that tried to murder the turkish president it does everything to obstruct them facing justice . 
  the punishment in this case would certainly not be the death penalty as according to the turkish constitution , laws do not have retroactive power and at the time the crime was committed no death penalty was enforced in turkey . 
   greece does not have the death penalty . 
  and yet the eu has no problem extraditing people to the us which has the death penalty . 
   besides , it isnt like these guys were liberators . 
  well , these guys basically tried to murder the president . 
  the accusation is not that they failed to stop the rebels , but that they were complicit . 
  i am actually a bulgarian turk . 
  iranians are white . 
  that 's what aryan literally means . 
  some bulgarians still view turkey as the biggest threat to their national security even though there has not been a war between the two countries for more than a hundred years , and during ww1 the two countries were allies . 
  i would attribute this to indoctrination in high school history lessons , where turkey is always presented as the boogeyman and russia as the savior . 
   i see some articles about how turkey may kick us/nato out now the animosity of erdogan supporters to the us/nato arises from the fact that during the height of the coup attempt , a refueling airplane took off from the incirlik airbase to support the jets of the coup plotters . 
  the assertion is that this could not have been done without the knowledge of the americans , especially since the base has top notch security due to the presence of nuclear weapons there . 
  if the treaty of sevres had remained in force , there would have been a gigantic armenian state on the east of turkey , a kurdish state would have been established , the straits would not have been under turkish control , and the only coast turkey would have had was to the black sea . 
  ali is a mostly shia name as far as i know . 
  in my view merkel did the best she could under the circumstances she found herself in . 
  things could have been a lot worse . 
  it looks like everybody and their mother is trying to wipe their backsides with merkel in order to mask their own failures . 
  so is isis now going to claim the act of a shia man whom they consider infidels ? 
  the vikings used to call it miklagard . 
  sorry , i just posted a link to bulgarian media and their allegation . 
  i have no idea how credible it is . 
  should i delete my post ? 
  gulenists are too powerful . 
  erdogan knows he can not defeat them on his own . 
  he needs the secularists . 
  it shows the will of the people . 
  all the way to burgas and bursa as well . 
  is he really ethnically german , or is this an isis inspired attack ? 
  it is beginning to feel like a major world war but the hybrid variety . 
   have presence in ex-soviet republics . 
  that 's why i think the usa will never extradite gulen . 
  he is the perfect tool they have against russia 's soft underbelly . 
   and their political aspirations are not limited to turkish elections anymore , as we have a truly turkish political party now , which sole existence is based on giving more profits to people with immigrant background . 
  ( it actually is a single issue party . ), 
  i imagine you are talking bout denke ? 
  has that party been registered ? 
  what are its chances of success in the elections ? 
  what was erdogan 's official justification for this travel ban ? 
  no matter how you look at it , it is a terrible pr move . 
  the media outlet in question is extremely pro-kremlin . 
  and bulgaria , which is an eu member , has not passed its judicial reform yet . 
  thanks boyko !, 
  so is the solution then to just enter the eurozone ? 
  with an electronic currency , the government can easily prevent you from doing that . 
  they will just block gold sellers from the ability to receive currency . 
  there are plenty of countries with physical currency that lack corruption . 
   i ca n't see a justification to ban digital currencies the same justification that they always use . 
  they will just wrap it as a law to protect the children and fight terrorism . 
  i would be more willing to believe reuters than some obscure greek site . 
   it was a rather obvious lie from the start . 
  the independent has a rather comprehensive analysis of what happened . 
  http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/president-erdogans-jet-disguised-itself-as-civilian-aircraft-to-vanish-from-turkey-rebel-jets-radar-a7148051.html according to the article above , the reason why the plane was not shot down is :  the president 's pilots switched their radio transponder to that of a turkish airlines passenger jet , thy 8456 , allowing the jet to blend in with civilian traffic . 
   the rebel fighters were unable to take the risk of accidentally shooting down a passenger jet full of tourists and later broke contact after being engaged by two loyalist f-16s and eventually broke contact , according to mr cenciotti . 
   forces loyal to the president were able to reopen ataturk airport , allowing him land safely and rally his supporters to defeat the coup . 
   greek radars monitored the flight of the presidential aircraft of the turkish president how did the greeks know which plane belonged to the president ? 
  edit : i am asking because according to the independent , the president 's plane actually disguised itself as a civilian aircraft and did not announce its identity . 
  stratfor tracked erdogan 's plane . 
  https://twitter.com/stratfor/status/754106444778176513 in the tweet above they published [ this map ] ( http://i.imgur.com/c3awf6w.jpg ) as the alleged route . 
  you can see the plane circle for some time before it gained permission to land at istanbul ataturk international airport . 
  during the time it was circling some american media ( msnbc ) published reports that the president was heading to germany to seek asylum there . 
  also reuters confirmed the allegation that erdogan 's plane was intercepted . 
  http://www.reuters.com/article/us-turkey-security-plot-insight-iduskcn0zx0q9 according to them  `` at least two f-16s harassed erdogan 's plane while it was in the air and en route to istanbul . 
  they locked their radars on his plane and on two other f-16s protecting him , '' a former military officer with knowledge of the events told reuters . 
   `` why they did n't fire is a mystery , '' he said . 
  they are citing `` a former military officer '' . 
  who was that officer , and did he lie to reuters if we are to believe the statements by the haf ? 
   the greeks work with the gulenists there is a lot of misinformation going on , and it is hard to distinguish truth from falsehood . 
  [ some bulgarian media outlets ] ( http://epicenter.bg/article/patriarh-vartolomey-otkazva-da-se-varne-v-turtsiya--podozirat-go-v-sauchastie-s-metezhnitsite-/106252/7/0 ) are claiming that bartholomew , the greek patriarch , has been collaborating with the gulenists , and is now in exile outside turkey . 
  could not find any independent information on that . 
  how does the turkish army get to azerbaijan logistically ? 
  since armenia would clearly not permit passage , is it though georgia or through iran ? 
  if assad really wants to unite his country , he would have to do that anyway . 
  the 14 million istanbulites will be a minor addition to your nation . 
  i am sure you will be able to assimilate them quickly . 
  that 's why such purges are so dangerous . 
  it is a perfect opportunity for the government to get rid of its political opponents , in addition to those who organized the coup . 
  meral aksener was also accused of being a gulenist . 
  i feel like we are entering a time period where when somebody does not like somebody else they are just going to accuse them of being paralelci or gulenci . 
  a big argument for people to vote for erdogan was stability . 
  people did not like the times of the coalitions when governments would come and go and cause massive economic instability . 
  if the economy starts going down it will take erdogan with it . 
  during tough times people unite around their leader . 
  i expect his popularity to sink further as time goes on . 
  think of bush after 9/11 . 
  he ended his presidency as a lame duck president . 
  do n't forget about bulgaria . 
  do n't forget that there are many countries in the periphery that are very europhile . 
  it would be bad to exclude them from the core . 
   it does not hurt either on the contrary , it does . 
  it is an upgrade over existing capacity , thereby increasing available infrastructure to import russian gas . 
  it only makes the dependence on the russian gas monopoly worse . 
   turkey played a kind of dubious role in the syrian civil war before the start of the civil war , erdogan and assad were actually quite close allies and were hoping to build a visa free area between turkey , syria , lebanon and jordan . 
  after the successful deposition of gaddafi in libya , obama convinced erdogan to back down from his alliance with assad and support a revolution in syria under the condition that the usa would leave no stone unturned in syria until assad is gone . 
  erdogan agreed but was soon to be disappointed with the usa . 
  obama backed down from his own red-line to intervene if chemical weapons are used and left his accomplices in turkey and saudi arabia hanging .
