  with erdogan gone , and having fulfilled all the requirements , turkey will be a full eu member within the decade . 
  that is just petty . 
  even more so when such actively hostile measures are not deserved and will not help you . 
  turkey today is doing nothing to damage the eu . 
  it is the eu that wants turkey to act in order to stop people that travel mostly out of their own will and with their own resources . 
  what you are proposing sounds like beating a horse that is already fed up and tired and is about to collapse . 
  the turkish horse does not want to pull the refugee cart any longer . 
  beating it wo n't make the cart go faster , on the contrary . 
  the more likely result of your actions will be that turkey will give up even on what it is already doing for the refugees , without any eu whatsoever , set them free , and let them roam as their hearts desire . 
  let orban take care of the refugees in hungary after austria slams its doors . 
  officially turkey is a candidate country which means that eventually when it fulfills the requirements it will become a member . 
  that is the story that the eu has been telling turkey for the past half century . 
  i am sure that turkey will be very happy to pay for it . 
  if erdogan is a dictator , then what is orban ? 
  terrorism is already adversely affecting the tourism industry . 
  i am not sure how your travel advisories will cause more damage than there already is . 
  if membership is not a working solution , then why does the eu continue maintaining turkey 's candidate status ? 
  then why do you maintain turkey 's candidate status ? 
   stick instead of a carrot the only stick that the eu has is the customs union . 
  given how much eu companies are investing in iranian energy deals , and the possible pipelines through turkey that will supply iranian gas to europe , i am doubtful the eu would go for suspending the customs union , and make itself even more dependent on russia for energy . 
  sadly , after decades of neglect ( turkey applied for membership in 1959 ) , the eu has very little leverage over turkey . 
   france i dont have a clue . 
  france is also politically very invested in preventing turkish membership in the eu . 
   send the refugees nobody is sending anybody . 
  refugees travel on their own accord , and in some cases are willing to pay large sums to their smugglers . 
  turkey has no obligation to prevent them from leaving the country if they so desire . 
   indo european languages finland , hungary , the basque region do not use indo-european languages . 
   enlightment the enlightenment deeply affected the ottoman empire , and set the stage for the emergence of turkey as a modern nation state . 
  the secular turkish constitution is based on ideas from the enlightment . 
  turkish women acquired the right to vote in 1934 , earlier than most of their european counterparts . 
   greco roman culture the capital of the byzantine empire , which inherited the eastern roman empire , is today in turkey . 
  the ottoman sultan called himself caeser of the rums . 
   religion judeo-christian religions are based on the god of abraham , as is islam . 
  abrahamic religions have a lot in common . 
  however , the eu is not really about religion but about lack of it . 
  despite erdogan , turkey has a long tradition of secularism and atheism . 
  like it or not , europe is merely an extension of the eurasian landmass . 
  to talk of european culture as if it is a well defined concept is disingenuous . 
  what similarity is there between swedish and greek culture , or spanish and ukrainian culture ? 
   nationalist kurds you mean islamist kurds ? 
  nationalist kurds tend to vote for the pro-kurdish hdp of demirtash . 
  how many of the refugees are kurdish citizens of turkey ? 
  how many are actually from iraq and syria ? 
   turkey to allow even more immigrants to make their way to greece according to the deal , anybody and everybody who crosses into greece will be returned to turkey . 
  the eu will only take migrants from centers within turkey . 
  i think at some points the russians need to stop , take a careful look around themselves , and ask : `` are we the baddies ? 
  luckily for you it is about capitulating to the americans . 
  we on the other hand have to deal with the russians . 
  the eu is the only thing keeping us from falling back into the `` warm '' embrace of the bear . 
  if you are not willing to bend over to putin , you are a horrible russophobe . 
  how dare you . 
  in today 's globalized world , european nation states are too small to exist as independent actors on the world stage . 
  if the eu were to disintegrate , due to brexit , that would condemn all european states to irrelevance and political decline , and they would quickly become american , chinese , or russian colonies without the ability to forge their own independent paths . 
  essentially it will be a repeat of colonization , but with the roles reversed . 
  europeans will turn from former colonizers to the newly colonized . 
  in order for the european continent to remain relevant on the geopolitical map , the eu needs to persevere . 
  and that is also why it is so critical to avoid brexit . 
  why does this kind of garbage get posted on / r/europe ? 
  it is recognized by turkey , however , and there is nothing wrong with state media referring to it by its officially recognized name . 
  ** paris ** trion is a rightful bulgarian name since ancient times . 
  you are nothing more than the former frank fortress of paris ( fffp ) . 
  rename yourself immediately or we apply sanctions !, 
   the theme of thrace was in anatolia from the map that i linked to , it looks like you are confusing thrak ( in anatolia ) with thrace ( which is in the balkans ) . 
  in the byzantine empire macedonia had a completely different geographical meaning . 
  this is the map of [ the thema of macedonia ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/8/80/byzantine_macedonia_1045ce.svg/423px-byzantine_macedonia_1045ce.svg.png ) , which was an administrative [ subdivision ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/macedonia_%28theme%29 ) of the empire . 
  to insist only on the meaning that fits your own nationalistic agenda while discarding all others is disingenuous . 
  how about the greek province adopt the name southern macedonia , and the country in the north keep its original name ? 
  so germany destroyed its nuclear power industry , and is now asking france to do the same ? 
  probably in exchange for visa free travel to the eu . 
  perhaps not germany , but poland does have legislation against insulting the president . 
  there are similar individuals in bulgaria . 
  the leader of the far right ataka party , volen siderov , some years ago disrupted a meeting dedicated to turkish-bulgarian friendship . 
  he failed to get reelected at first . 
  he only won the elections the second time after people got scared by the terror attacks , and chose stability . 
  can you give an example ? 
  most of the nationalist rhetoric i have seen there usually gets downvoted . 
  1 ) corruption 2 ) non-functional judicial system 3 ) lack of independent media, 
  just yesterday one of the opposition [ mps said that erdogan might need psychological treatment ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jir00xiigwy ) . 
  maybe he really does . 
   said fico who has probably seen `` the sea '' never in his live . 
   the bully-looking and - behaving ex communist and loyal servant of german cdu although leader of a so-called `` slovak social-democrat party '' i love this kind of colorful language . 
  i wish more media would use it . 
  lol, 
  vice news ran a story on exactly that topic some time ago . 
  you can watch it here https://news.vice.com/video/caught-between-the-islamic-state-and-the-kurds-exiled-from-tal-abyad, 
  and what is wrong with a military invasion given the dire humanitarian situation in the country ? 
  were n't the military campaigns against iraq and libya done for humanitarian reasons in order to save the populace from a horrible dictator ? 
  if the eu wants to be serious about solving the migration crisis , it needs to address the problems at its source , which is the unresolved syrian question . 
  as syria continues to fester , the refugee flow will not cease . 
  the biggest buyer of oil from isis is the assad regime . 
  the rest is russian propaganda . 
   not the rabid , constant , reporting for a week or two remember how russian media went abuzz about an alleged rape in berlin of a russian girl , an allegation that was later shown to be utterly false . 
  such was the coordination to push this false narrative , that even russian foreign minister sergei lavrov chimed in and accused germany of [ `` covering up reality in a politically correct manner for the sake of domestic politics '' ] ( http://www.thelocal.de/20160126/moscow-accuses-germany-of-silencing-rape-of-russian-girl ) . 
  russia reports on such incidents when they serve their interest to destabilize europe , and hush them up when the present a danger to stability in their own country . 
  if this incident had occurred in europe , russian media would have been all over it in order to stoke hysteria and ethnic tension . 
  it should be noted that this is a tradition that is also common in romania . 
  keep in mind that zaman is a pro-gulen media outlet ( also known as the `` parallel structure '' ) , and it is extremely critical of erdogan . 
  people should take what they say with a huge grain of salt unless confirmed by other sources . 
  what makes you think i am down-voting you ? 
  in another thread i remember you advocating for the stripping of citizenship of ethnic turks .
