  who invades and annexes territories from their neigbour ? 
  who invaded eastern ukraine and who annexed crimea ? 
  the answer to these questions will tell you who the real warmonger and hot head really is . 
   no one in europe wants to be hostage to your traumatic speak for yourself . 
  plenty of people in europe will stand with the baltics against russian aggression . 
   will usa with trump become what russia became with gorbachov and yeltsin ? 
  interesting that you mention that . 
  i have been thinking the same . 
  i feel like trump will be america 's yeltsin . 
  we welcome you with open arms . 
  it will all depend on trumps actions from now on . 
  hopefully . 
  i just hope the damage will not be too great by then . 
   muslim brotherhood , saudi arabia or the akp there is a significant overlap between the muslim brotherhood and the akp , but saudi arabia and their wahhabi brand of islam are completely different and distinct . 
  we are on our way to end up with a russian stooge as our president . 
  all thanks to the hybrid media war they 've been waging on the country . 
  entire websites have been created that are dedicated to spewing propaganda garbage 24/7 in bulgarian . 
  one must give it to them though , they are getting quite good at it . 
  does every political party leader in turkey have a song dedicated to them ? 
  i am fairly certain that the guy depicted by this statue was a quite fierce catholic . 
  sad but true . 
   i 'm really really skeptical russian would annex any of listed regions . 
  many people said the same about crimea . 
  once the precedent is set , there is very little stopping russia from annexing other regions . 
  some elements within the government are in fact not even trying to hide their intention to resurrect novorosiya - a region that spans all the way to the moldovan border across the northern shores of the black sea . 
  the eu 's primary responsibility is to its citizens . 
  if some british people want to maintain their citizenship then they should be allowed to . 
  the eu 's responsibility is to them alone . 
  why should the eu concern itself with the affairs of the british public at large ? 
  how isislike . 
  when was that ? 
  in the early 1800s . 
  far more recently , in the 1990s , merely two decades , not two centuries ago , serbia committed horrific genocide against the muslim population in bosnia . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bosnian_genocide some of the perpetrators , like karadjic and mladic , referred to their victims as turks and used precisely the kind of imagery in this coat of arms to justify the mass murder of people . 
  in fact , you can clearly hear mladic boasting about taking revenge from the turks as he was entering the town of srebrenica : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qfinjlnot4q even though the people he was referring to were not turks , but bosniak muslims . 
  so really there is no difference . 
  it is especially revolting because there are still minority groups in those countries that are linked to turks and this kind of imagery openly calls for their murder and ethnic cleansing . 
  what is ironic is that the same people that express disgust and outrage at the beheadings comitted by terror groups such as isis , have in the midst of their own continent and some of them live in cities and towns that glorify beheadings and use them as their symbols . 
  bulgarian turk . 
  pomaks are distinct . 
   rumors say that they want to build a pipe from saudi arabia , which is financing globalism , terrorism , and muslims invasion in the west , to europe and cut russia off . 
  that 's not a rumor , that 's the whole point of the war . 
  and that is also why russia is so invested there . 
  if such a pipeline were built , then russia 's energy grip on europe would be significantly weakened . 
  imagine if the roles were reversed with a town in turkey having such a symbol . 
  the outrage in / r/europe would be universal across the board . 
  it would be dismissed as barbaric and asiatic and as something that does not fit european values . 
  instead what we have here are tasteless remarks and crude jokes about `` remove kebap '' . 
  the economy is erdogan 's achilles heel . 
  given how much of his legitimacy rests on his ability to deliver economically , any sanctions would probably hurt him a lot . 
  but there is also the danger that if he is cornered , he may become even more unpredictable . 
  those are pkk supporters . 
  the man on their flag is [ ocalan ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/abdullah_%c3%96calan ) , the pkk leader . 
  they also had a [ `` protest '' in sweden ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mhwu9ykmfe4 ) where they accused swedish police of being terrorists . 
  it also has to do with the political suppression of the piously religious lower classes in turkey during the previous governments . 
  with erdogan they feel like they are finally getting their voices heard again . 
  is n't that what politics is all about . 
  there are just eternal interests no friendships . 
   but maaaaaaybe with the whole genocide thing , such things are kind of to be expected . 
  a historical event that happened more than hundred years ago does not give armenians card blanche to commit human rights violations and in many cases outright massacres ( [ khojaly ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/khojaly_massacre ) ) against azeri civilians . 
  there are plenty of muslims that live in that area . 
  it is interesting that you chose to solely focus on armenian heritage and completely ignored the cultural monuments of the other ethnic groups . 
  the agdam mosque comes to mind which lies in disrepair and ruin because of the continuing armenian occupation . 
  the far right campaigned mostly on the refugee issue , and they came in third . 
   switching from a proportional system for your lower house elections to a majority two round one ? 
  wtf bulgarians , do n't do that . 
  oo i do n't think most people that voted on that question even understood what it meant . 
  they were like - majoritarian sounds good - let 's just vote yes on it . 
   this is because the incumbent , who many agree is the best president we 've had so far , decided no to run due to personal issues . 
  partly because the ruling party gerb refused to nominate him again . 
  it would be interesting to see how well you would fare if trump becomes president . 
   no ethnicity mentioned , and the turkish republic was supposed to promote secular and humanistic values , not traditional ones . 
  nothing at all like modern ethno-nationalists . 
  like all ideologies , ethnonationalism must have looked good on paper , but it is quite a different beast in practice . 
  mine too . 
  if you would let the syrian army have its way , you would probably end up with another massive refugee wave to europe . 
  you will get it stamped at your first point of entry , which in you case is frankfurt . 
   last thing we need here is more fucking gypsies what a racist and backward mentality . 
  i want to congratulate your emissaries too . 
  it is good that at least somebody is standing up for the right thing . 
   snowden is in the same situation about russia . 
  mostly because of the spinelessness of eu countries and their failure to grant him asylum . 
  sometimes eu states act like subservient vassals to the united states . 
   am i wrong ? 
  yes . 
   to be precise , the bank can choose to not do business with anyone . 
  that is kind of scary when you think that countries like sweden are moving towards completely eliminating cash in favor of bank debit cards . 
  if banks could chose not to do business with someone then that could literally mean starvation for the person as they will not even be able to purchase food any longer if cash is not accepted . 
   even under ataturk a `` turk '' was a ** sunni ** muslim you 've got your facts wrong . 
  25 % of muslims in turkey are alevis , not sunni , and they are staunch ataturk supporters . 
   alevis are proud of their cooperation with ataturk , and the fact that the \u00c7elebi and dedebaba of the hac\u0131bekta\u015f monastery had supported him . 
  alevis were his faithful allies in the war of independence , in the setting up of the modern turkish secular nationalist state , and in the destruction of ottomanism . 
  the early kemalist republic is regarded as the ideal state in which the alevis were fairly represented proportionately to their percentage of the total population in the national assembly . 
   alevis saw ataturk as mahdi ( messiah ) , a saviour , a divine emanation following ali and hajji bektash wali , sent to save them from the sunni ottoman yoke , who turned alevi ideals into state practice , and his portrait is hung up beside ali 's in many alevi homes . 
  ataturk on his part saw the alevis as allies in his struggle against the traditional ottoman elite and for secularism and turkish nationalism . 
  he selectively included alevi cultural markers in his construct of the new turkish national collective identity . 
  however , to ensure national unity , the unique alevi identity was subordinated to the general anatolian-turkish national identity . 
  source : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alevi_history#alevi_perception_of_atat.c3.bcrk, 
  damn , i never realized i was actually from a police state . 
   bulgaria was founded on a crescent of anti-ottomanism feelings .
