  in fact there are theories that prior to the arrival of the ottomans , they were bogomils ( gnostic movement in bulgaria ) , that were persecuted by the orthodox church , and that played a role in the ease which they adopted islam after the arrival of the turks . 
  never let a good crisis go to waste . 
   \u0161 that is not part of the latin alphabet . 
  bulgarian turks are releatively compact in [ the regions that they live in ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/55/20160409215204-21turksinbgpercent2011.svg ) . 
  do n't forget about the [ western outlands ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/western_outlands ) . 
   putin on our side , when has putin ever helped to solve an ethnic conflict ? 
  if anything he benefits from the continuation of the kosovo conflict , not from its solution , because that is what keeps serbia dependent on him . 
  there are still areas in serbia which are majority albanian like the presevo valley . 
  if they can join kosovo , then i do not see a problem with giving majority serb areas of kosovo to serbia . 
   but you are not a turk . 
  you are citizen of whatever country you were born and raised in . 
  that is not true . 
  you are whatever you want and choose to be . 
  you can certainly continue to identity as a turk even if you are not born in turkey . 
  so can the presevo valley also secede from serbia then ? 
  perhaps they can trade mitrovica for presevo . 
  where can we watch the interview ? 
  it looks like the more pressure the us applies in the east , the faster chinese transport corridors expand in the west . 
   nobody wanted the albanians if you do n't want albanians , then you should not be pushing for their territory to be incorporated into your country . 
  if you think russia would want a solution to the kosovo conflict you are mistaken . 
  russia benefits from the continuation of the conflict in kosovo , not from its solution , because it is the conflict that keeps serbia dependent on russian help . 
  pity they could not save yours . 
  you would have been their perfect lapdogs . 
  not that you are not at the moment . 
  if you want to find internal rotting you need look no further than your own country . 
  did you watch trump 's latest press conference ? 
  looks like even erdogan was impressed by how trump put that reporter in his place / s. 
   what will russia do then they will threaten to nuke you unless you buy their gas, 
  an anti-communists that religiously uses the term comrade . 
  interesting . 
  of course , russia is not the bad guys of the movies . 
  like any other country , it follows its national interests . 
  but it is unique among nations in the extent to which [ it utilizes frozen ethnic conflicts to achieve its objectives ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/post-soviet_conflicts ) . 
  it is hard to take your question seriously when you refer to me as `` comrade '' . 
  i suppose those of you in the west who have never experienced communism in its full glory have a rather romanticized view of it , but for those of us who lived and suffered through that hell , the term does have rather unpleasant connotations . 
  i would take being an american vassal over being a russian vassal any time . 
  this brings back unpleasant memories . 
  can the government of kosovo refuse entry to this train ? 
  when did the us incite ethnic tensions in europe ? 
  russia on the other hand has been involved in virtually all conflicts in eastern europe - starting from the azeri/armenian war , georgia , moldova , ukraine , and now serbia/kosovo . 
  do n't give them ideas !, 
  interest earnings would be quite minor though relative to what he would have to pay if it was treated as regular income . 
  then it would have been close to 45 % of the amount . 
  does this need to be marked nsfw ? 
  how much tax will he have to pay on that amount ? 
  when did russia ever miss an opportunity to incite ethnic tensions ? 
   the russian-made train why am i not surprised . 
  can you please move the iron curtain a little bit further east ? 
  this time we would rather if we are on the correct side of it . 
  thanks !, 
  a [ customs union between the eu and turkey ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union%e2%80%93turkey_customs_union ) already exists . 
  as a member of the eu , the uk is party to that . 
  i am surprised at how close we are to greece . 
  i always though they were richer by a factor of two or three , but it seems like we are approaching them fast in terms of wealth . 
  hating on putin is not the same as hating on russia . 
  the two are very distinct although putin lovers love to conflate the two . 
  which county is that ? 
  can you comment on why turkey would send non-ethnic turks as settlers to cyprus ? 
  if their objective is to further turkify the north , woulld it not have been better to send actual turks rather than people with arab or kurdish ancestry ? 
  how did you learn to understand it ? 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/cjsaulhfwfk?t=7m38s ) that 's where she is saying to `` to hell with your palace ( saray ) . 
  to hell with your presidential system . 
  to hell with your constitutional ammendments . 
  ... '' although i am not sure if `` bats\u0131n '' should be translated as `` to hell with '' . 
  it literally means `` may it sink '' . 
   some considerable amount of people who have been calling themselves turks in bulgaria actually being pomaks actually the pomaks and turks in bulgaria are two very distinct groups . 
  pomaks are muslims that speak the bulgarian language ( or some variation of it ) , wheras turks are muslims that speak the turkish language . 
  pomaks always differentiate themselves from turks and bulgarians . 
  when they cohabitate with bulgarians they emphasise their religion ( islam vs christianity ) , whereas when they cohabitate with turks they emphasize their language ( slavic vs turkish ) . 
  i presume that you are right about the ottoma millet system and pomaks did identify quite strongly with the ottoman empire , but they never considered themselves turkish in the sense of modern turkish nationalism . 
   it will evolve to some closer system no matter what 's the first system that will be established after the unification . 
  do you think eventually the two groups will assimilate into a single cypriot identity ? 
  or do you think there will always be two distinct turkish and greek speaking communities that are differentiated by language ? 
  so you would be ok with a unitary state ? 
  what is your personally preferred solution ? 
  is your opinion representative of all turkish cypriots ? 
  there was actually a recent survey by the cyprus mail on precisely that question : [ public opinion : `` should turkey annex north cyprus ? '', 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t75jj4m6pqg ), 
  leaving things as they are now would be the preferred solution for turkish cypriots with full recognition of their state . 
  on the other hand , greek cypriots would want a solution where cyprus is a unitary state and turkish cypriots are relegated the status of a minority . 
  the eventual solution i believe would be a federal bi-zonal bi-communal state where each constituent state ( turkish and greek ) has autonomy over its own internal matters but there is the appearance of a single state to the outside world . 
  the sticking point is how much territorial concessions need to be made to the greek cypriots and whether turkey can remain a guarantor power . 
  actually the fed raising interest rates is a big political issue in turkey at the moment . 
  that prospect scares quite a lot of people in the turkish government . 
  besides , without hungary the eu would ceases to be contiguous with its balkan members . 
  and poland . 
  \u041e\u0431\u0438\u043b\u043d\u043e in bulgarian means abundantly . 
  it is funny how you get out of your way to include greece . 
  you do realize that not all of istanbul is in europe either . 
  actually mersin is right next to cyprus . 
  if you ever have to go to cyprus from turkey , that is where you catch the ferry from . 
  it sounds oddly similar to hebrew to my ears . 
  interesting . 
  the winter solstice is the day when the sun is lowest in the sky at noon and during that time of the year the day is shortest and the night longest , and it is considered the very middle of winter ( at least in the northern hemisphere ) . 
  bulgaria also has a pagan tradition to celebrate the end of winter , which is called [ baba marta ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/baba_marta ) . 
  here it is celebrated on march 1st . 
   turks have been celebreting the end of winter in the last 5-10 days of december december is the very middle of winter . 
  i would say the end of winter and beginning of spring is march 1st . 
  i thought turkey and the krg were allies . 
  that is what happens when you keep building mosques rather than schools and universities .
