  as for the legality , let us not forget that it was the attempt to ethnically cleanse the island and annex it to greece , that prompted the turkish intervention . 
  a right that turkey had as a guarantor power under the [ treaty of guarantees ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/treaty_of_guarantee_%281960%29 ) . 
  jews tend to circumcise soon after birth . 
  turks tend to circumcise right before the male reaches puberty , which is still under 16 . 
  how did we go from circumcision to wife beating ? 
  that is a non sequitur . 
  do jews beat their wives too because they circumcise ? 
   should only be allowed to be preformed bulgaria banned the practice , along with the turkish language and religion , in the 80s during the so-called revival process aimed at the turkish minority . 
  the ban did not stop the practice , however , it just drove it underground . 
  if people are going to circumcise anyway , it is better that they do it in hospitals and sanitary conditions . 
  a ban would be counterproductive . 
  before the island got into the eu , the island had an opportunity to unite . 
  the south rejected the unification , the north accepted it . 
  now the north continues to be isolated and under embargo despite promises to the contrary by senior eu leaders , whereas the south reaps the benefits of membership and continues to use its position in the union in order to extract as many concessions from turkey as possible . 
  talking of blackmail ... looks like cyprus is quite good at it . 
   after the army + russia encircled aleppo , trapping people in an actual war zone , first you complain that turkey is letting too many refugees cross into europe , and then you accuse the country of not accepting even more refugees from syria , when it is already having a hard time dealing with the 3 million that are already in the country ? 
   the bulgarian king mysteriously died soon after forbidding bulgaria 's jews to be deported . 
  do you think the two events were actually related ? 
  the number of refugees that your country is housing is modest at best , and yet you seem to be the loudest at complaining about it . 
   well , that 's their problem . 
  not ours . 
  did your country not sign [ convention relating to the status of refugees ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/convention_relating_to_the_status_of_refugees ) ? 
  the responsibility rests squarely with those that close the borders . 
  why was the swan not able to get back into the water on its own ? 
  detecting nuclear submarines would have been trivial if we had a mobile neutrino detector . 
  nuclear reactors are strong neutrino emitters , as you can see from this [ map ] ( http://img-9gag-fun.9cache.com/photo/aapk5rp_700b.jpg ) . 
  you can easily pinpoint where the nuclear power plants are . 
  it is remarkable how willing some central european states are to destroy schengen . 
  if the closure of the borders is permanent , does that mean that austria is leaving schengen now ? 
  so is greece going to put those barriers at 6 , 10 or 12 nautical miles from the shore ? 
  the territorial waters in the aegean are still not delimited , and whereas greece claims its waters to extend to 10-12 miles from the shore , turkey only recognizes 6 miles . 
  before your solution with the floating barriers works , greece and turkey need to resolve this dispute first so that it is clear where the greek maritime borders are . 
  i am all for returning the economic migrants , but sending people back , to be executed by regimes that have shown time and again how ruthless they are , is not something europe should ever do . 
  that was precisely what the refugee convention was supposed to guard against . 
  it is lebensraum precisely because it is done in order to ensure living space for assad . 
  at this point only ethnic cleansing of the sunni majority can ensure the survival of the assad regime in those areas . 
  and the russians are more than happy to help him . 
  edit : as for your claim that turkey is trying to annex territories from syria . 
  that is false too . 
  the intent of the strip in northern syria has been to protect the refugee camps there , not to annex territory , similar to the no-fly zone in northern iraq which was enforced against saddam hussein . 
  turkey has made more than clear that it wants to preserve the territorial integrity of syria : [ 06 march 2016 - pm : turkey , iran agree on syria 's territorial integrity ] ( https://www.middleeastmonitor.com/news/europe/24336-pm-turkey-iran-agree-on-syrias-territorial-integrity ) :  turkey and iran share a common perspective on protecting syria 's territorial integrity , turkish prime minister ahmet davutoglu said during his visit to iran 's capital tehran on saturday . 
   syrians to syria that would be against the refugee convention as people would face torture , imprisonment and execution in syria . 
  there is a reason why people are trying to escape syria . 
  russia supplies a lot of gas to turkey through blue stream . 
  that is probably one of the reasons why this is not being done , even though it would be legally permissible . 
   deport the migrants deport them where ? 
   lebensraum ambitions shuttered by the russo-syrian advances in northern syria your view of the whole situation is completely inverted . 
  it is the russo-syrian advances that are creating a lebensraum in and around aleppo , and driving the latest refugee wave towards europe . 
  even now , as we write on this forum , there are thousands of refugees stuck on the turkish border trying to escape . 
  when will we reach romania ? 
   where is her problem ? 
  the willingness of some eu member states to amputate greece , and turn into a giant refugee camp . 
  that is because most of his supporters do n't know how to use the internet . 
  turkey has actually begun work on its own international channel : http://www.trtworld.com/ i would not say it is propaganda , but it does present the turkish view on many topics quite clearly . 
  for eu members to build walls between each other is not a good thing . 
  this woman has balls of steal . 
  on the contrary . 
  there are clauses in the montreaux convention , which governs the regime in the straits , that allow for such actions to be taken . 
  article 19 clearly states :  vessels of war belonging to belligerent powers shall not however , pass through the straits since russia is belligerent towards ukraine , which is a black sea power , the above article clearly applies . 
  full text of convetion : http://sam.baskent.edu.tr/belge/montreux_eng.pdf, 
  there is a clause in the treaty of montreaux , which allows turkey to shut down the straits to belligerent powers , not necessarily in war with turkey , but in war with another country in the black sea region . 
  in case of a war between ukraine and russia , under the montreaux convention turkey can technically shut down the straits to russian ships . 
  there are quite a lot of newspaper in turkey that are highly critical of the government . 
  among them are cumhuriyet , and there are some kurdish newspapers as well . 
  one would think that if kurdish migration from turkey was such a big issue that they would report on it . 
  interesting . 
  i wonder how many of them there are . 
  my impression was that those numbers are very low . 
  it is zero . 
  there are hardly any turkish citizens among the refugees . 
  how many of the kurdish migrants are actually turkish citizens as opposed to citizens of syria or iraq ? 
  do you have a link to the actual speech by the said mep ? 
  technically it is not repatriation as turkey is not their homeland . 
  [ davut ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/david_in_islam ) = david [ o\u011flu ] ( https://translate.google.com/#tr/en/o%c4%9flu ) = son, 
   its problematic regions , like kosovo i thought that was an independent country . 
  so if the eu is maintaing a visa free regime with serbia despite the problems that you describe , why shoudl they treat turkey any differently ? 
  at the end of the day turkey can just walk away from the table . 
  if europe can not cooperate with turkey because of their irrational fears let them deal with the problem on their own . 
  turkey is not a member state , and has no obligations of solidarity towards the union . 
  in terms of gdp per capita bulgaria and romania are poorer than turkey , but not significantly poorer . 
  i still think it is ridiculous that visas should be required of turkey . 
  perhaps the concern is mostly about the south east which is much poorer than the western part of the country . 
   i should know , serbians do it all the time . 
  perhaps it is time for reinstating visas for you too then ? 
  i think it is pronounced vodcha . 
  would n't it be easier to just invade syria , and declare it an eu colony ? 
  that would be a precedent . 
  no eu candidate has been subject to referendum before membership . 
  and if turkey refuses to comply with their demands , they accuse it of blackmail . 
  how about none of the above ? 
  do n't be so sure . 
  there are cracks appearing in his party , and given the utter failure of his syria policy , it will not be long before he is stripped of the confidence that his voters have afforded him . 
  how did the ottomans extinguish the byzantine culture ? 
  they mostly kept intact the patriarchate of constantinople , preserved some other organizations , and adopted elements from the administrative structure of the byzantine empire . 
  that is why the ottoman empire became so successful and survived for so long . 
  it was an infusion of turkic military technology with byzantine administrative know-how . 
  turkey can be in the customs union without being a candidate . 
   apart from the blackmail . 
  you ca n't force people to do things for you , and then call it blackmail when they refuse . 
   70 % of europeans are opposed to turkey more like your close circle of pegida supporters .
