  as if consumers do n't pay their hard earned cash for those crops . 
  they have every right to pick and choose what kind of product they want . 
  crimea is part of ukraine . 
  the illegal russian annexation does not change that fact . 
  yes , let 's abolish human rights in order to appease the right wing . 
  what will the eu get out of that ? 
  i think the main factor really was that a substantial portion of the religiously conservative portion of the population felt disenfranchised by the previous kemalist governments . 
  a better attempt should have been made to incorporate them into the country 's governance structure without having to resort to military coups . 
  the long history of anti-democratic overthrows made the rise of erdogan inevitable . 
  i know this sounds like a cliche by now but we all heard the same about trump and brexit . 
  i hope she looses but i do not think it is too far fetched to at least entertain what the consequences of her win would be . 
  the 10 million undcoumented migrants from mexico and latin america are a testament to how `` well '' the us immigration system works . 
  the only reason why there are not many more is because the us surrounded by oceans . 
  europe does not have that luxury . 
  what would be the legal justification to deport people to third countries that are not their country of origin ? 
  in fact , after the recent events in harmanli , bulgaria will be deporting many afghans that participated in the riots directly to afghanistan . 
  i find it hard to understand how you would convince any other country to accept them . 
  no , you can enter bulgaria directly from turkey without going through greece . 
  so if le pen does really win , will that be the end of the eu , or is there a way for the eu to continue to exist with her as the french president ? 
  i was talking about what happened to turks and other muslims when russians and armenians had the upper hand in the eastern provinces , not the killings of armenians in other parts of the empire . 
  while accusing turks of denialism , you yourself are systematically ignoring that part of history because it just does not fit with your objective to portray armenians solely as victims that had done nothing wrong . 
  sorry but even in the case of nazi germany , the holocaust does not preclude historians from studying the plight of the millions of germans in the eastern provinces that were subject to systematic ethnic cleansing after the end of the second world war under the advancing red army . 
  why ca n't we study the plight of turks and other muslims under russian occupation without someone like you always pushing their own personal agenda into the discussion ? 
  it 's completely irrelevant to what i was talking about . 
  i was talking about the muslim populations that lived under the territory that was jointly occupied by russians and armenians and what happened to them . 
  that is a question that you are deliberately ignoring because it negates the black and white picture that you are trying to paint . 
  and why does that even matter ? 
  my statement was not to justify the killing of armenians by showing the chronological sequence of events and to say that they were at fault , but to underline that killings happened on a massive scale against the muslim population as well ( turkish , kurdish , circassian ) . 
  neither was justified , but people in the west know remarkably little about the latter . 
  are you even aware of what happened to the muslims while their lands were under joint russo-armenian control ? 
  it is probably not about the actual land , but the strategic significance of having control over the gibraltar straits . 
  once i was in a cultural event in yalova , turkey , and they hung the bulgaian upside down , which is an understandable mistake . 
  when we pointed it out , the person responsible started apologizing profusely , as if he had committed some cardinal sin . 
  he quickly fixed his mistake . 
  the same holds true for european politicians . 
  some of them , like sarkozy , have made a career out of how they will block turkish membership even if the country meets all of its international obligations . 
  so if what you are saying is true , why is greece unwilling to take the issue to an international arbitration court ? 
  and you guys keep complaining about gibraltar . 
  armenians did have the upper hand initially because of russia . 
  russian troops had penetrated as far as [ erzincan , van , and trabzon ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/01/campa%c3%b1a_del_caucaso.png/800px-campa%c3%b1a_del_caucaso.png ) . 
  unfonrtunately for the armenians , the russian revolution happened , and most of the russian soldiers had to go back to defend the tsar abandoning th armenians to their fate . 
  that is just so over the top . 
  is that why they complain about the sanctions all the time ? 
  i agree . 
  he is literally trolling europe , and people here are going for the bait . 
  equating ritual circumcision to rape is quite obscene and frankly an insult to all the genuine victims of rape . 
  in bulgaria everybody is equally poor . 
  your `` solution '' is only going to make it worse . 
  besides calling it child abuse is ridiculous . 
  by your definition , every single child in turkey or israel is a victim of child abuse . 
  could it also be related to the fact that men in 18-21 range are conscripted for military service ? 
  in bulgaria , under the communist dictatorship , circumcision was banned and illegal , but that did not prevent muslims from finding ways to do it underground without doctor supervision . 
  you can not change overnight customs that have been entrenched for thousands of years by just writing a law . 
  circumcision in fact predates islam itself . 
  i think the proper path to take would be to try to educate people . 
  in fact there is an argument to be made that circumcision is actually unislamic :  `` we have indeed created man in the ` best of moulds ' . '', 
  ( qur ` an 95:4 )  `` the work of god who has ` perfected everything ' ( he created ) . '', 
  ( qur ` an 27:88 ) http://www.guidedislam.com/the-quran-on-circumcision.html in as much as circumcision is an alteration of the body , practicing it is to challenge god 's wisdom on perfecting his creation - the human body , and islam should disallow it the same way tattoos and piercings are banned . 
  muslims really need to have some kind of a reformation where ordinary people can have their own interpretations of the quran rather than deferring to religious authority . 
  i bet you if you spread awareness and educate people , circumcision rates will decrease faster than if you persecute parents , which will turn them into martyrs for following what they think their religion prescribes . 
  when russia and iran sell oil to turkey , it will not be priced in usd but in local currencies . 
  i 've been reading the final nail in turkey 's eu ambitions for more than a decade now . 
   the support for the non recognised occupying forces in northern cyprus actually the chp and the mhp have a more hard-line position on cyprus . 
  they perceive the akp as selling off turkish interests on the island . 
  kilicdaroglu made a statement to that effect in parliament yesterday . 
  and yet they are quite ardent supporters of secularism . 
  america under trump . 
  thanks for the clarification . 
  who is the democratically elected president . 
  and the coup was orchestrated by an islamist cleric in pennsylvania nonetheless . 
   which is completely false , freedom of movement is one of the cornerstones of the single market , you will not get access to one without getting the other one as well . 
  there is one notable exception to that . 
  turkey does actually have access to the single market via a customs union without having freedom of movement . 
  so you would support somebody accused of serious crimes just for the sake of pissing erdogan off ? 
  i think they fled after it was clear that the coup would not succeed . 
  care to explain why ? 
  also thessaloniki had a substantial jewish population prior to ww2 . 
  hardly any jews remain there today . 
  as the name suggests , redhack is clearly a left wing communist group . 
  it would not be at all surprising if they had some ties to russia . 
  during the cold war , the soviet union intentionally sponsored such groups in turkey . 
  the fact that rt stands for russia today is completely coincidental . 
  all the evidence comes from rt , which is flooding the web with poplitical disinformation . 
  most of the evidence against erdogan started coming in after his relations with putin soured . 
  it is a well known `` secret '' that the west along with turkey were aiding the rebels against assad . 
  those weapons were intended for the rebels , and not isis . 
  erdogan is actually fighting isis with troops on the ground at the moment . 
  it would be stupid to send weapons to your future enemy . 
  next time he brings it up , tell him that the [ trnc flag ] ( http://www.qsl.net/ah6hy/tncflags.jpg ) also has two red bars . 
  that 's what they want you to believe !, 
  let us not delude ourselves that 9/11 conspiracy theories started in the muslim community . 
  most of it started back in the usa by people that would now likely be identified as part of the alt-right movement , with the chief proponent being alex jones . 
  more like the zhirinovsky of turkey . 
  in bulgaria , the conspiracy nuts even coined a term for people they think are funded by soros - sorosoid . 
  the typical good cop , bad cop strategy . 
  let us not forget it was people from his own party that introduced the outrageous marriage law for rape victims . 
  if turkey does withdraw from these lands , kurds and armenians would become mortal enemies overnight . 
  they lay claim to the same lands . 
  it would be a repetition of the second balkan war all over again where bulgaria , greece and serbia fought each other viciously because they could n't split the turkish territories they took over . 
   the alliance shifts in the me are so ridiculously chaotic .
