  it looks like the turkish policy is now shifting back to being friendly with assad at the expense of its alliance with the united states . 
  in fact some speculate that the coup in turkey was intended to punish erdogan for betraying the us in syria . 
  tl ; dr erdogan was allies with assad at first , it was the usa who convinced him to attack by giving assurances that they would help remove assad from power . 
   a european energy would be more about reducing the overall dependence from russian gas . 
  and how does nord stream help that ? 
  to me integrated means somebody who follows the law of the country , speaks the language properly , has a job , and pays taxes . 
  it does not mean that the person must completely abandon their ethnic identity and become an austrian . 
  erdogan claims that france suspended it too under article 15 , and that it is legal for turkey to suspend it too . 
  how much truth is there to that ? 
  if the ttip passes expect these cases to become even more common . 
  that treaty has the most draconian copyright and patent laws as of yet . 
   nt belongs to the gulen cult . 
  how do you know that ? 
  i guess power does indeed corrupt people . 
  sadly it looks like turkey is going back to the middle ages . 
  most turks in bulgaria are not fans of erdogan though . 
  at least my immediate surrounding is n't . 
  i thought i was posting on / r/turkey . 
  for a canadian he sure does post a lot pro-serb propaganda . 
  well , there is a propaganda war going on , and in the fog of that war it is sometimes difficult to discern the truth . 
  there is also quite a lot of video evidence of the excesses that the coup plotters have engaged in against the civilian population . 
  he is just sacrificing the pilot to mend his ties with putin . 
  if any soldier fights for erdogan after this , he would be a fool . 
  it is run by a serbian nationalists who hates the us and turkey . 
  rt - trying to stoke ethnic/racial tension everywhere . 
  apparently erdogan just arrested those pilots accusing them of being part of the coup . 
  yeah , but i 've never heard my grandparents , who were quite religious , use it except in prayer . 
  when used for political purposes ( like the case above ) that phrase is usually associated with salafists . 
  it is similar to how after ww2 many germans stopped using the name adolf for newborns . 
  when something is constantly associated with evil acts , then its reputation is irreversibly damaged by association . 
  not all adolfs were as bad as hitler , but the actions of one were enough to tarnish the name forever . 
  similarly the phrase allahu ekber has been damaged by its association with isis . 
  you can not really change that . 
  if religious turks were worried about that then they should have adopted a more hard-line approach against isis using that phrase rather than adopting it as their rallying call . 
  yes , but is allahu ekber really a turkish thing ? 
  i thought it was mostly an arab thing . 
  your video shows turkish soldiers calling the name of allah , but they are not shouting allahu ekber . 
  see my edit . 
  so are you saying that gulen was not responsible for this coup ? 
  if not him , then who was ? 
  the beheading story was shown to be a fabrication . 
  edit : for those that downvote me , here is the [ source ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/turkey-coup-latest-news-istanbul-ankara-erdogan-twitter-social-media-a7140541.html ) . 
  is the cnn tinfoil nutter when they use it in their title [ here ] ( http://www.cnn.com/2014/03/17/justice/khalid-sheikh-mohammed-statement/ ) ? 
  [ 9/11 ** mastermind ** defends bin laden 's son-in-law in court statement ] ( http://www.cnn.com/2014/03/17/justice/khalid-sheikh-mohammed-statement/ ), 
  what evidence do you have that erdogan is behind the coup ? 
  the us is harboring and protecting a man who is the mastermind of a coup de etat in turkey . 
  hundreds of people have died . 
  that is not a conspiracy theory !, 
  enough said . 
  it is a testament to the determination of the turkish people to protect their country that it did not . 
   you actually believe that ? 
  it does not really matter what i believe . 
  the fact is that the overwhelming majority of people in turkey believe that - even the secularist believe that . 
   enjoy the middle eastern islamist experience bud . 
  as if gulen , the man behind the coup , is not a radical islamists preacher . 
  he is just the variety that the cia likes and supports . 
  what does this have to do with jews ? 
  gulen is a radical islamic mullah . 
  gulen is the head of an organization that is considered a terror group in turkey . 
  to compare that cia backed mullah to the pope is a joke . 
  i would compare him to bin laden . 
  [ top turkish commander 's aide admits allegiance to g\u00fclenists ] ( http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/top-turkish-commanders-aide-admits-allegiance-to-gulenists-.aspx?pageid=238&amp;nid=101851&amp;newscatid=341 ), 
  except that he is the head and mastermind of an organization which has branches all over the world and manages millions of dollars in education and other activities . 
  i am curious then . 
  in your expert assessment who was behind this coup ? 
  i mean somebody must have done it . 
  and yet blaming erdogan for a coup that saw his own people killed , his own parliament bombed , and some of his close allies murdered , is not tinfoil conspiracy nonsense ? 
  then who is fetullah gulen and why is he harbored in the us ? 
  who funds him , and where does he get the money to run all these schools ? 
  how did he build all these huge compounds and palaces that he lives in ? 
  i doubt it . 
  turkey is not some latin american or african country . 
  if all the coup plotters were members of his organization , then what kind of evidence would you need to implicate him ? 
  that would be like saying that after 9/11 there was no evidence bin laden was involved despite the fact that all the terrorists were members of his organization . 
  to be honest , your country does not look very round to me . 
  the reason why the gulen issue is so sensitive in the west is also because it could directly imply american culpability in this failed coup as gulen himself is based in the us . 
  who funds him ? 
  where does he get all his money from ? 
  does the us protect him ? 
  because back then gulen and erdogan were allies . 
  the irony in the case of erdogan is that the gulen movement helped him come to power against kemalist opposition . 
  now he calls them terrorists . 
  was he not aware that they were terrorists back when they were helping him ? 
  do you think the nsa does not have such lists in the west already ? 
  in fact , i bet it has far more intimate information about the population . 
  erdogan 's intelligence services , by comparison , are amateurs . 
  i think what he mean is the top leadership . 
  they were mostly kemalists before but erdogan removed them . 
  now he will have no choice but to reinstate them unless he can find other competent people . 
  turkey would never attack southern cyprus . 
  that would be insane . 
  the secularists were already removed by erdogan . 
  this is the man who restricted the right of all bulgarians abroad to vote , just so that ethnic turks with buglarian citizenship in turkey could not exercise their vote . 
  if gulen is not behind the coup , then who is ? 
  yes , but that war happened before cyprus joined the eu . 
  i doubt that turkey would ever attack an actual member state . 
  1912 is long before ww2 . 
  i would also put gerb in the pro-kremlin camp . 
  sure but is it more difficult than producing the material in the first place ? 
  turkey has no nuclear power stations yet .
