  we need to be liberated from the russian fifth column here . 
  if the uk decides to remain the eu , i think it should be allowed but only as a regular member . 
  all the exceptions and exemptions should be scraped . 
  actually if you read the details in bulgarian [ here ] ( http://www.dnevnik.bg/bulgaria/2016/07/08/2792120_sudut_duhut_na_zakona_shte_bude_nakurnen_ako_na_miting/ ) , the registration was denied because of the name , rather than the ethnic composition of the party . 
  the abbreviation of the name was chosen to coincide with the turkish word `` dost '' meaning friend , and that in the court 's opinion constitutes a violation of the law which forbids foreign languages from being used during elections and demonstrations . 
  this appears to be the first time in bulgaria 's history since the collapse of the totalitarian regime that a political party is denied registration . 
  apparently , the court also stated that since the majority of the people in the party have turkish names , that could mean the party violates the constitution banning parties formed on an ethnic bases . 
  the court avoided making a determination on that though , and did not state whether they considered the party to be ethnic . 
  i guess it should have been renamed to balkania then . 
  well , the majority of white people in the us actually have german , and not anglo-saxon , ancestry . 
  then we will veto this agreement . 
  you would buy something when it is expensive , and sell it when it is cheap ? 
  a fool and his money are easily separated . 
  is the second one hotel pliska ? 
  it does not look good to cut asia in half . 
  i have many bulgarian friends abroad , and they would strongly disagree with your statement . 
   gdp is bullshit robert f. kennedy gave an excellent speech on that very topic . 
  you can watch it [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=77idkfqxbuy ) . 
  the kebabs that i 've had in the uk were some of the worst . 
  at this rate , it looks like it is not going to be long before the pound achieves parity with the euro . 
  first you say  i 'm not talking about ethnic cleansing and then you say  sending turks who want to be ` turkish ' back to turkey would be just fine with me , though . 
  that is the very definition of ethnic cleansing - sending an ethnic group out of the country in order to ensure an ethnically pure and homogeneous homeland . 
   if you 're born in bulgaria , you 're bulgarian and that 's it . 
  so according to you the the ethnic bulgarians that live in serbia and ukraine are not bulgarian ? 
  the bulgarian diaspora in the united states is not bulgarian ? 
  if you do n't want to have turks in your country then you should have thought about that before incorporating our region into your country . 
  the failure of multiculturalism in the west has nothing to do with the situation in bulgaria , and you know that very well . 
  on the one hand you have recent immigrants that are culturally very different from the host country , on the other hand you have a population that has lived in its homeland for hundreds of years . 
  if you can not even deal with the ethnic turks in bulgaria most of whom are quite well integrated and productive members of society , i shudder at the thought of what you would then when economic immigrants from africa and the middle east start coming in as the country grows richer and approaches the standards of the west . 
  they passed through the aegean , not through the land border between turkey and bulgaria . 
  the main route by which immigrants enter bulgaria is actually through greece , not turkey . 
  it is probably because of brexit . 
  britain was the main proponents in the eu of ceta and ttip , and with britain set to leave there is no longer sufficient support for these agreements . 
  by unfairly favoring american corporations . 
  what about bulgaria ? 
  borisov was a bodyguard for the former communist dictator . 
  the turkish - bulgarian border is probably one of the best guarded borders in europe . 
  during the cold war it was part of the iron curtain . 
  bulgo . 
  if you mean ethnic cleansing , then that 's what serbia did too , and we all saw how it worked out for them in kosovo . 
  the lesson should be that you can not take away people 's voice in the governance of their country , and expect them to remain silent . 
  taking away the people 's right to participate in politics peacefully would only encourage violent separatism . 
  that 's all . 
  in your assessment , what was the real reason for the us to invade iraq ? 
  not really . 
  we 've been here for hundreds of years . 
  if we can not be represented in the government , then the only alternative is to have our own and separate like scotland or catalonia . 
  that 's a rather liberal definition of the word `` safe '' . 
  what countries would be considered unsafe then ? 
  with a turkish sounding name ? 
   no parties on ethnic basis then also ban all the ethnically bulgarian parties . 
  that knife cuts both ways . 
  500 years of turkish `` slavery '' was unable to erase the bulgarian spirit , but 50 years under serbian rule was ? 
  serbian rule and propaganda must be really effective then . 
  and yet muslims continue to be denied the right to pray there ? 
  what is the justification for that ? 
  have you ever talked to macedonians about how they feel about being annexed by bulgaria ? 
   lol , even mestan would laugh if he hears this and no one is around him . 
  do you know him personally ? 
   examples ? 
  from personal experience , turkish classes were not allowed nor offered in my school . 
  today , textbooks are extremely old and out of print , and since only ones authorized by the bulgarian state are allowed , it makes it hard to get textbooks for turkish classes . 
  children are actively discouraged by their teachers from learning turkish , telling them that they are wasting their time learning their mother tongue , and they are better off learning a foreign language . 
   so called turkish culture so called ? 
  the spirit of the revival process seems to be strong in you . 
  our culture is fake , yours is real , we get it . 
   the so called turkish culture and names were imposed to erase the bulgarian ones if those place had real bulgarian names , the communist regime would n't have had to make them up . 
  look at a map of the eastern rhodopes and check out the village names . 
  most of them are word for word translations of the original turkish names . 
  they never existed in history as such under their current bulgarian names . 
   iceland the turkish fleet reached iceland ? 
  i 've never heard of this . . 
  i personally think that hagia sophia should remain a museum , and should be open to both christians and muslims . 
  but the double standards here are striking , and i can not help but comment on them . 
  there are instances where old mosques in the balkans and iberia are used as churches today . 
  the black mosque in sofia is one example . 
  the mosque of cordoba is another . 
  muslims are not allowed to pray in either . 
  both spain and bulgaria are eu member states , and they do not follow the high standards that you expect of turkey . 
  why should turkey ? 
   are you finally admitting that mestan is working for the turkish interests ? 
  and why should it be forbidden to work for the interests of the turkish minority ? 
  i see nothing wrong with that . 
  in fact it is high time that turks in bulgaria get an authentic party that defends their interests . 
   do n't spread lies , no one is stopping you from learning turkish . 
  lies ? 
  hardly any students in kardzhali learn turkish in school , and that is not for lack of desire and want . 
  the administrative obstacles put in their way are insurmountable . 
  i am sure the situation is the same in order mixed regions . 
   only using it during manifestations is banned for obvious reasons . 
  well , there is a case in the echr about this particular issue . 
  let 's see what they will have to say about those `` obvious reasons '' . 
   can you explain why the names of the towns should be changed ? 
  because the bulgarian names were imposed in order to erase any trace of turkish culture in the region , and because the local people continue to use the old turkish names . 
  in fact almost all the smaller villages in the area continue to have names that some bureaucrat in sofia chose , rather than their authentic original names that the local population uses . 
  for those that are unaware , ataturk 's house of birth is actually located in selanik , modern day greece . 
  while bulldozing the house by the greeks would probably be meant as a retaliation , in fact with such an act they would be doing a favor to those who support the conversion of hagia sophia to a mosque . 
  nothing would make erdogan and his islamist supporters happier . 
  they despise ataturk 's legacy in turkey . 
  the real leader of dps is dogan , not mestan , and he has not stepped foot in turkey or the turkish embassy for years .
