  they themselves act in what is the best interest of the kremlin , and then they have the nerve to accuse others of being traitors . 
  then he will accept refugees ... ducks . 
  just kidding !, 
  the kurds were actually quite happy with the ottoman system . 
  their problems started with the establishment of the turkish republic , and the imposition of turkish nationalism . 
  that is also why many of them support erdogan , because in him they see a figure who might do away with turkish nationalism as the unifying element of the state , and use instead islam as the unifying element as was the case during ottoman times . 
   so called bulgarian turks just curious . 
  why `` so called '' ? 
  i think most people are quite clear about their ethnic identity . 
  i do not think turkey is so deep into the rabbit hole yet . 
  the democratic process may be crippled but it is still functioning . 
  i would consider the election result invalid if secrecy is compromised in any way . 
  for elections to be considered fair , secrecy is fundamental . 
  that 's the perfect way to commit suicide by cop . 
  as long as the secrecy of the vote is guaranteed , i do not see how anybody can tell how you voted . 
  poor turkey :(, 
  let us keep in mind that the evidence against them is still sealed , and we are not aware of the precise nature of their crime . 
  i am still waiting for tsatsarov to release the evidence . 
  the issue is really more about how turks in bulgaria are going to perceive these actions . 
  there is a crucial election here , and many of the turks are split about who to vote for . 
  the kind of excessive behavior that the far right in bulgaria is displaying is probably going to push many minority members in the opposite direction . 
  that 's actually a pretty decent overview . 
  let me try to clarify - people were not banned from entering the country , we have a few far right parties , which are not agents of the state , blocking the border , and they are preventing actual bulgarian citizens from entering . 
  this is an extrajudicial action by private citizens , and by no means actions taken by the bulgarian state . 
  another unrelated incident was that there were some actual turkish citizens ( not holders of bulgarian nationality ) who were deported because they were accused of endangering the security of the state . 
  the evidence against them is sealed , and the public has not been made aware of the precise nature of their crime . 
   and now erdogan is complaining because some turkish people were n't allowed in bulgaria . 
  those turkish people are actually bulgarian citizens . 
  besides it is not the bulgarian state which is preventing them from entering , it is a bunch of far right extremist parties that are blocking the border checkpoint . 
  under the bulgarian constitution it is both a duty and a right to vote , and by preventing actual citizens from entering the country to exercise their rights , these far right parties are breaking the laws of the country . 
  besides they are targeting these people just because of their ethnic turkish background . 
  as much as i disagree with erdogan on many other issues , on this one he is right . 
  even though in the case of the netherlands his comparison to fascism was ridiculous , the people blocking [ the border in bulgaria ] ( http://www.themontrealreview.com/pics/ataka-fakel-manifest.jpg ) are actually really fascist - they regularly hold rallies with far right symbols and call for the extermination of ethnic minorities , chief among them the gypsies . 
  i guess because of erdogan , turks are now in the position of the shepherd who cried wolf too many times and was never believed when an actual wolf appeared . 
  it is the same reason why brexiteers hate on the eu . 
  by picking brexit , or by voting for trump , these people are on some level aware that they have fucked up their countries badly . 
  they can not really bear to see the eu prosper . 
  they want to bring it down to the very swamp that they find themselves in because of the bad decisions that they have made . 
  for the eu to continue to exist and prosper would prove everything that they stand for wrong . 
  it just exposes them for the pathetic liers and con-artists that they are . 
  same with hungary . 
  we would be cut off from the rest of the eu . 
  alleged ties . 
  i have yet to see clear evidence . 
  as a turk from bulgaria i like it when i see europe united . 
  erdogan was completely out of place to call the netherlands fascist especially in light of his own track record with democracy at home . 
  what happened with denk ? 
  erdogan 's legitimacy partly rests on the economic success his government brought to turkey . 
  take that away , and i very much doubt he will be able to win any elections . 
  yes , i think he is desperate . 
  he is going down , and he wants to bring everybody else down with him . 
  he has been frequently criticized for putting his own personal interests above the interests of the nation . 
  looks like he is ready to sacrifice the country to keep in power . 
  so it looks like the akp supporters are just looking to escalate the situation for pr purposes . 
  if they were serious about holding their rallies , they could have just quietly taken the issue to court and sought their rights . 
  it was always my impression that the eu had very strong protections for freedom of speech and freedom of assembly . 
  or jews in the usa who also have very strong ties to israel . 
  i can not imagine anybody trying to challenge that . 
  and who are you to determine what other people should or should not do ? 
  it is the right of every person to engage in whatever politics they wish and to preserve whatever ties they desire . 
  it is not up to you to dictate that . 
   the mayors discretion to determine what constitutes a threat to public order if that is the case , what is to prevent that law from being abused to bar the political opponents of the mayor from exercising their rights ? 
  it loos like he has full authority to determine who constitutes a threat . 
  is this real life ? 
  someone please pinch me . 
  even some turks are . 
  i hope we can all do more . 
  more awareness needs to be brought to that issue . 
  if you are going to put things in perspective you might just as well do so fully . 
  turkey just experienced a violent coup and there was a major threat to the security of the state . 
  if you are going to compare you might as well compare to the situation in the us after 9/11 when due process was suspended and a whole class of people were imprisoned without trial or due process . 
  in fact that prison continue to exist even to this date . 
  it is ironic that he does not pay as much attention to the circassian genocide to which his own people were subjected not too long before the massacre of armenians . 
  freedom of assembly is only important if it is guaranteed in public spaces . 
  otherwise it is meaningless . 
  the polish solidarity movement , the ukrainian maidan , the fall of the berlin wall - those are all things that would have never happened if people were only allowed to assemble in their own private apartments and not on the public streets and squares of their cities . 
  conformism can only go for as long as there is bread to eat . 
  if the economy continues to dive , i doubt people will be as accommodating of erdogan 's dictatorial desires . 
   although holding a public gathering without permission is illegal . 
  how does that not run afoul of freedom of assembly ? 
  oh no , not that russian propaganda again . 
  the biggest purchaser of oil was and continues to be the assad regime , which incidentally russians back . 
  why is that unfortunate ? 
  dictatorship is also a great system if you have a benevolent leader , but what if someone like al baghdadi becomes the caliph . 
  then you would have a nightmare on your hands . 
   they will simply go somewhere else and have a very similar experience there is nowhere else that is like europe . 
  does turkey still have any blasphemy laws ? 
  under the jurisdiction of many countries , the intent plays a crucial role in how severely the crime is persecuted . 
  for example , in the us crimes motivated by racial , ethnic , or religious hatred are punished more severely . 
  was n't the entire town burned down ? 
  this is what the building used to like when it was first constructed in the 1920s : http://www.lostbulgaria.com/pic/1593.jpg now it functions as a museum . 
   five-third of the parliament surely you mean three fifths ? 
  i guess you have n't been to the us jesus belt . 
  in fact , trump has just pledged to end political limits on churches . 
  it used to be the case that churches were required not to be involved in politics in order to keep their tax exempt status . 
  you 've got hillary clinton to thank for that . 
  [ we came , we saw , he died . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fgcd1ghag5y ), 
  even per capita , poland still gets three times more than bulgaria . 
  that also has the nice effect of raising labor standards in those third countries .
