  well , if you can not treat all eu member states equally , then perhaps it is time for you to get ready to apply for visa the next time you plan to visit the european union . 
  one of the founding principles of the eu is freedom of movement , and allowing some europeans access while denying it to others is really against what the eu is all about . 
  how exactly would one abuse the wellfare as a nonresident alien ? 
  there are strict requirements on who can get welfare and you need to present documentation that you are either a resident or a citizen . 
  as an alien you have absolute zero rights in the united states . 
  besides given how many citizens are homeless on the streets of los angeles , one does wonders whether welfare really exists in the united states . 
  the primary reason why americans are worried about immigration is not welfare abuse , it is because foreigners present competition to them in the local labor markets . 
  after the rift with russia , erdogan is in a far weaker position than he used to be . 
  do not overestimate his power , he will not last for too long . 
  he is even having trouble forming his presidential system . 
  [ kardzhali , bulgaria ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k24p6gevoi0 ) [ razgrad , bulgaria ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vqg0kss07za ), 
  what is to stop someone who has such a device from smuggling people across the border ? 
   has anyone of these policy makers considered how hard it is to stop young males from going were they want to go ? 
  if you tie their benefits to the location where you want them to be , i do not think that it would be that hard to keep them there . 
  sanction a country that is already housing more than two million refugees and thereby make their situation even more precarious ? 
  that sounds like a smart move . 
   i believe it , because it makes geopolitical sense . 
  by that logic it also makes sense for the united states to support isis because they fight their main rivals - syria and iran - in the region . 
  in fact if you ask any of the shia factions in iraq they would be quick to claim that the cia is behind isis and al qaeda . 
   trump only claimed he would kick out anyone not committing to the 2 % nato budgetary guideline . 
  trump would do well to remember that he is not the boss of nato . 
  the usa is just a member of nato like all other countries , and they do not have the authority to kick anybody out . 
  as the war in afghanistan in the aftermath of 9/11 shows , nato allies rally around the united states in times of need , and destroying nato would be detrimental to american interests around the world . 
   turkey supporting isis turkey did not support isis . 
  that is just russian propaganda . 
  turkey supported the `` moderate '' rebels , which were also supported by many westerner governments including your own . 
  so you will vote oxi again to such a plan because it will somehow put you under erdogan 's indirect rule ? 
  it would be very interesting indeed to see what will be in the present plan . 
  i have said for a long time that any future unification plan will be less favorable to the south than the annan plan was . 
  the political leverage that the south used to have 10 years ago is simply not there any more . 
  back then , turkey joining the eu was still a realistic albeit distant prospect and the greek-cypriots could use that to their advantage . 
  today nobody , even the most liberal segments in the eu , believe in such a possibility . 
  with the eu in a precarious situation due to brexit and the migrant crisis , the current negotiations seem to be a desperate attempt by the south to salvage whatever they have left before the status quo turns into a permanent solution . 
  do n't you think that greek-cypriots would be better aware of those dangers than yourself ? 
  is n't that what trump 's presidency is going to be all about anyway ? 
   removing a genocidal dictator and restoring freedom to iraqis and kurds and how has that worked out for the country ? 
  did they get their freedom ? 
  how many people died as a result of that invasion ? 
  all thos trillions of dollars that you could have used to rebuild your infrastracture and invest in schools , you instead chose to waste on bombing and on destroying another people country . 
  iraqis are now bursting with love and gratitude for your liberation , so much so that they want to organize terror attacks across the western world , when under saddam terrorism in iraq was almost unheard of . 
  as for putin , it is kind of rich accusing europe of being influenced by him , when you country just elected his candidate as your god damn president . 
  under trump , putin will have infinitely more freedom to operate in eastern europe and the middle east . 
  it is a nightmare come true . 
  people warned you the invasion would be a major mistake , in fact there were massive protests all across europe , but you still went ahead . 
  the responsibility for that failure rests squarely on your shoulders . 
  sadly , so far it has been mostly europe that has had to pay the price for it . 
   poland is nation of fucking 40 million people what is the population of ukraine ? 
  many people criticize turkey , but here you have an erdogan right at the heart of europe . 
  i am as pro-nato and pro-america as they come , but there is no doubt in my mind that the iraq war was a terrible mistake by the united states . 
  if america had n't decided to invade and create that clusturfuck in that country , things would have been so much different today , with respect to the refugee crisis , with respect to isis , and with respect to the whole geopolitical situation in the middle east . 
  that guy is erdogan 's little bitch . 
  he is no prime minister . 
  erdogan says he is no dictator , but he sure acts like one . 
  for the sake of turkey , i genuinely hope he does not get his presidential system . 
   i want to try what he 's been smoking power is quite a drug , it can be quite intoxicating . 
  the guy is pushing for a presidential system , trying to expand his authority . 
  does n't signing the ptorotocols carry the weight of an international treaty ? 
  once the accession protocol has been signed , is n't the country considerd to have formally acceded ? 
   a formal invitation was issued by the alliance on 2 december 2015 , with accession negotiations concluded with the signature of an accession protocol in may 2016 . 
  what happened before ? 
  russia literally took over half of europe after ww2 and separated it from the rest of human civilization through an iron curtain and the imposition of dictatorial forms of government that had no respect for human dignity and human freedom . 
  it was only natural for eastern europeans to seek to get away from that kind of system , and get the appropriate safeguars so that it would never happen again . 
  the difference between you and eastern europeans is that we have lived through the evils of soviet dominance . 
  you have not . 
  for those that do n't know , the turkish `` c '' is prounounced like the english `` j '' . 
  the word cumhuriyet means republic . 
   agressive actions against russia i ca n't even process this sentence . 
  russia invades and annexes land from a neighboring country , and anybody who condemns that is somehow aggressive ? 
  how far will your appeasement of russian bullying go ? 
  they already joined nato . 
   most turks correction . 
  most erdogan supporters . 
  my hope is just that allthe sociological projections are wrong , and that cecka is actually going to have an upset and win . 
  and whose opinion matters to you then other than your own ? 
  i do not know if you realize it , but in fact you have just desribed why it is subjective . 
  whether something is good or bad depends on the point of view and the interests of the entity that evaluates it - that is the very definition of subjectivism . 
   even a potential future war to liberate the north is better than that . 
  and what happens if you lose that war ? 
  what i fail to understand is what leverage does russia have over the united states ? 
  why is it in the united states interest to adopt such a submissive posture towards russia ? 
  the assessment of whether something is good or bad is quite subjective . 
  if you ask some right-wing turkish cypriots , they will probably say it was a terrible deal for them too . 
  my opinion is that , with all its flaws , it was the best opportunity so far to unify the island , and have it enter the eu as one united entity . 
  instead , the problem has dragged on for another decade . 
  the more this drags on the more likely it is that the current status quo will turn into a permament solution . 
  the leaders of the western world without exception enthusiastically supported the annan plan . 
  in fact it is mentioned in the very article that you link to : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/annan_plan_for_cyprus#support_for_the_plan, 
  the country is on its way to elect a russian stooge as the president . 
  i seriously fear for the future of bulgaria . 
   but akp thinks not just the akp , the entire internatinoal community thought that plan was good . 
  the eu enlargement commissioner at the time , gunther verheugen , went as far as saying that he felt betrayed by the greek rejection of the plan . 
  i bet you in any future unification the terms that the greek cypriots will have to agree to will be objectively worse for them than the annan plan was . 
  time simply does not work in their favor . 
  but there is also the phenomenon called [ the wisdom of crowds ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_wisdom_of_crowds ) . 
  there is compound intelligence when you aggregate many people together even if the average person may be quite stupid . 
  when i was a kid and growing up , i seriously thought that our species would become a space fairing one withing my life time . 
  that we would explore new planets and other solar systems . 
  instead we are stuck in petty wars over identity , ethnicity , religion . 
   if hitler won , my people would n't exist today , and many others . 
  many people do not exist today because of stalin .
