  russia has tremendous influence in the country , and to deny that is closing your eyes to the truth . 
   their followers in the unconstitutional mrf you claim that turks have the same rights , and yet you declare their participation in the political process unconstitutional . 
  are ethnic minorities supposed to stay out of parliament ? 
  if you are going to judge a political party to be unconstitutional based on the ethnic composition of its members , then are parties that are exclusively composed of ethnic bulgarians , also unconstitutional , or does that label apply only to ethnic turks ? 
  standard is a really biased source that has ties to peevski 's media empire . 
  there is absolutely no evidence that mestan is being supported by erdogan , and those are rumors that are being spread by media organizations close to the dps establishment in order to discredit him as his party poses an existential threat to them . 
  from my own experience , ethnic turks in bulgaria are really tired of the lies that they have been fed by the corrupt people in dps , and they will overwhelmingly vote for dost during the next elections . 
  we need a party that will be a true defender of minority rights in bulgaria . 
  it is absurd that we are still not allowed to use our mother tongue during manifestations , when even the kurdish hdp can do that in turkey . 
  you only focus on turkish and american interference , but you never address russian interference in the country . 
  why is that ? 
  turks in bulgaria are secular minded people and they do not support erdogan or the ottoman empire . 
  all they want is to live in a pro-western country that respects human rights , and to be treated as equal citizens rather than being relegated to second class people who have no say in the politics and governance of their country . 
   l\u00fctfi , is this you ? 
  damn , i 've been found out !, 
   i would definitely like to see all people like you deported to turkey so you can enjoy the results of erdogan 's wise politics . 
  i am not a supporter of erdogan , and no i am not going anywhere . 
  if you have a problem with that , you are more than welcome to go join mother russia . 
  at this rate it seems like the euro and the pound will reach parity before long . 
  the two are not necessarily unrelated . 
  russia benefits from the migrant crises . 
  there have been suggestions that the recent bombing of civilians near aleppo have been deliberate with the intention to further increase the refugee flow and further destabilize europe . 
  i am sure you would also love to have all bulgarian turks to be thrown out like they were [ before ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/revival_process ) , but that is not going to happen . 
  we are here to stay , and we will ensure that bulgaria remains a pro-eu pro-nato country that has friendly relations with turkey , which is a natural ally . 
  the pro-russian parties of bsp , dps , and ataka have been exposed for what they are and are on their way out of parliament , and with them gone the russian influence in the country will be irreversibly weakened . 
  if anybody doubts that dogan is a pro-kremlin imposter , all they need to do is [ read his speech ] ( http://dps.bg/bg/aktualno-2/novini/4-slovo-na-pochetniya-predsedatel-na-dps-d-r-ahmed-dogan-pred-elita-na-dps-na-tarzhestvoto-po-sluchai-nastapvaneto-na-novata-godina.html ) on the official website of dps :  \u0410\u0437 \u0432\u0435\u0447\u0435 \u0434\u044a\u043b\u0431\u043e\u043a\u043e \u0441\u0435 \u0441\u044a\u043c\u043d\u044f\u0432\u0430\u043c , \u043f\u043e\u043d\u0435 \u0432 \u043d\u044f\u043a\u043e\u0438 \u043e\u0442\u043d\u043e\u0448\u0435\u043d\u0438\u044f , \u043d\u0435 \u0446\u044f\u043b\u043e\u0441\u0442\u043d\u043e , \u0440\u0430\u0437\u0431\u0438\u0440\u0430 \u0441\u0435 , \u0434\u0430\u043b\u0438 \u0449\u0435 \u0438\u043c\u0430 \u0438\u0437\u043e\u0431\u0449\u043e \u0415\u0432\u0440\u043e\u043f\u0435\u0439\u0441\u043a\u0438 \u0441\u044a\u044e\u0437 . 
  the guy is basically saying that the eu will fall apart , and that russia is going to take over . 
  if one did not know who he is , one would think he is a spokesperson of the kremlin as he uses the same talking points that putin does . 
  the absurdity of it all is that none of the electorate that supported his party would ever take a pro-putin stance ever . 
  if bulgaria had any spine it would first throw away the pro-russian agents that the secret service is full of and that have been blatantly interfering in the internal affairs of the country , and using it as their trojan horse in the eu and nato . 
  the pro-russian element is so strong in parties like ataka , bsp , and dps , that those parties would rather defend the national interests of moscow rather than their own country as became evident during the south stream project ; in fact they would gladly allow bulgaria become a danubian principality of the russian federation . 
  as for the allegation that mestan is an islamist close to erdogan , one only needs to look at him and his family , in order to see how ridiculous such an allegation is . 
  he is a very secular person . 
  bulgaria needs to cut its ties with russia once and for all , and it needs to be firmly embedded in the structures of the eu and nato . 
  he is not being kicked out of because of his religion , that is just the formal pretext . 
  the real reasons are somewhat more complicated ... bulgaria has a sizable turkish minority , which predominantly votes for a party called dps . 
  during the new year celebrations , there was a political scandal in the party , and the founder and former leader , ahmed dogan , deposed the current leader lutfi mestan , because the latter took a pro-turkish position and read a declaration in parliament in support of turkey after the plane incident with russia . 
  in a speech describing the motives for the firing , dogan said that the eu is not going to last and the party should never antagonize russia . 
  the absurdity of dogan 's position is that he is heading a party that many in bulgaria view as an ethnically turkish one , and yet he is taking anti-turkish anti-nato and pro-putin position . 
  staff in the turkish embassy have been active in exposing dogan as a pro-russian agent , and they have appeared with the deposed leader mestan on multiple occasions . 
  nationalist formations in the country view the actions of the embassy as interference in the internal affairs of the country , and they have demanded countermeasures . 
  media in turkey have reported that a ban has been instituted on dogan and issue a ban on his entry . 
  the above declaration of persona non-grata is probably a retaliation for those measures . 
  what turkey is doing though could have a positive effect on bulgaria , as dogan and his oligarchic empire that through people like peevski controls major media companies , and has a strong hold on the judiciary , has been a curse on the country , and has been holding its progress towards establishing strong rule of law . 
  if dps continues to float an openly pro-russian position , it will lose the trust of the turkish minority , and will not be able to enter parliament , which will mean the end of dogan . 
  why is there a connection between greek and lithuanian ? 
  so you would not support mt ararat to be a part of armenia ? 
   both sides have ethnically cleansed the areas they control almost completely of each other 's populations . 
  that is a false equivalence . 
  it is armenia that is overwhelmingly occupying azerbaijani terrtiroy , not the other way around . 
  the ethnic cleansing has been mostly of azeris . 
  irredentist territorial claims also tend to do that . 
   i remember mexico having such programs to help reduce the number of mafia weapons in circulation turkey does not have a big problem with crime and illegal weapons . 
  in terms of crime index , it turns out it is safer than the uk and usa . 
  suing an ally in the eu for `` reparations '' as if you are in a war , is going to destroy any goodwill that the rest of the eu has towards you . 
  it was better than the status quo . 
  as time goes on , the possibility of permanent partition becomes stronger and stronger . 
   it also borders several notoriously unstable shithole countries and yet your country has admitted almost a million refugees from those same countries . 
  one way or another you are importing the problems of the middle east . 
  even though , i believe the article would have been of interest to the general audience of / r/europe , i am not going to contact the moderators . 
  i will defer to your judgement to decide . 
  the submission does not have a credible soure ? 
  the article sites its sourced quite clearly - it refers to the prime minister of turkey , and a us senetor john mccain . 
  what you have said is the truth . 
  i have no idea why you are being downvoted . 
  exterminate the opposition , and install a puppet dictator that would rule over the remainder of a compliant population , who know what will happen to them if they ever decide to oppose . 
  if erdogan is the bad sultan , who is the good one ? 
  turkey in the 80s and 90s was a far cry from the kind of totalitarian regimes that we had in the eastern block , especially bulgaria . 
  people were thrown in jail for as little as vague criticism of the regime or expressing pro-western views . 
  let us keep in mind that the lands between afrin and kobane , that the kurds are trying to take over , are actually predominantly arab . 
  if there is any ethnic cleansing happening is is perpetuated by the kurdish guerillas that are trying to take over arab land . 
  kurds played a big role in the extermination of both armenians and assyrians during world war 1 . 
  isis is a ghost , whose only reason to exist is is because the regional countries can not agree on how to destroy it . 
  it poses absolutely no threat to turkey . 
  the kurdish entity on the turkish border , on the other hand , is a significant threat . 
  a russian-iranian allied entity would completely seal turkey off from the middle east , and pose a strategic threat to the turkish national interests . 
  meanwhile , another russian oligarch by the name of vladimir gusinsky , is going to start a major media channel in bulgaria . 
  happy independence day !, 
  [ a video from near the scene of the explosion ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0qjwgya0rsi ) . 
   8-13 million let us keep in mind that the total population of syria is about 20 million . 
  i am not sure how these numbers are realistic unless half of the country decides to move over . 
  i prefer the anarchist label over the marxist one . 
  not a fan of communism . 
  you sound like a rabid xenophobe . 
  it is not the fault of the children , and they should not have to be subjected to dog attacks on the border . 
  that is not the kind of image that europe wants to project to the rest of the world . 
  i agree the macedonian natinoalist is very much over the top . 
  it looks like they love to provoke you , and you are more than willing to oblige . 
  every country has the right to choose its own name . 
  it is retarded to insist otherwise . 
  a dog can be lethal against babies and small children . 
  the historical narratives of all balkan nations are based on myths . 
  often times those myths come in conflict with each other and lead to tensions as is the case with greece and macedonia . 
  history as taught in the balkans is extremeley subjective , and countries teach completely different things with regard to the same events . 
  whose verion you are going to follow is often a matter of political expediency , than one of objective truth seeking . 
  so i do not buy thi sargument about historical right or wrong . 
  in general i agree with you that hypotetical like this are not a good way of thinking . 
  but in this concrete instance of putin 's beligerence , threats , and escalation , eventually countries will have to pick a side . 
  you can not be a member of a union while keeping cordial ties with a country that is trying to destroy the very union that you are a part of . 
   irealand & austria are in eu but not in nato ...
