   money pumped into greece correction . 
  money pumped into european banks . 
  time and again it has been shown that the bailout money does not end up in greece . 
  did n't he also accuse feto of using genies to influence people ? 
  this is what the ottoman family looks like nowadays : [ 1 ] ( http://www.mfa.gov.tr/images/enformasyon/hotspot/osmanoglu-ailesi.jpg ) [ 2 ] ( http://www.zaytung.com/fotos/hanedan.jpeg ) [ 3 ] ( http://www.cumhuriyet.com.tr/archive/2014/2/9/39115_resource/hanedan-istanbul-un-yarisini-istiyor-4042214.jpeg ) given their westernized look , i doubt any of the radical muslims would accept them as their spiritual leaders . 
   plenty of hooligan neo nazis in fact recently , a band member of iglesias , was attacked in sofia . 
  in my entire life living in kardzhali , i have only seen women wearing a burqa only one time . 
  but to be honest , i do n't even think it was a full blown burqa , but more like a [ niqab ] ( https://whyevolutionistrue.files.wordpress.com/2014/11/hijab-veil-types.jpg ) . 
  libya has no such obligation . 
  how exactly are you going to turn the boats back ? 
  for that you would need the cooperation of the people on the boat to get it to go back to where it came from . 
  or you could use force . 
  but using the milliary and the police to tow them back into liyban territorial waters could very well be interpreted as a threat to the country 's sovereignty and as a hostile act . 
   people 's dress should not be dictated by the religion . 
  nor should it be dictated by the state . 
  do n't pretend to be ignorant . 
  you know very well that there was massive outrage , especially among people on the right against her . 
  anybody with an internet connection and basic command of the bulgarian language can read people 's comments on sites like dnevnik.bg , faktor.bg , clubz.bg , and that there is overwhelming opposition to her . 
  even her own pr campaigners accept that - they constantly accuse `` circles '' in bulgaria that are trying to sabotage her candidacy . 
  ] ( http://btvnovinite.bg/article/bulgaria/politika/metodi-andreev-bokova-kandidatura-na-balgarija-li-e-ili-na-ds.html ), 
  that 's not misinformation . 
  no , it is not . 
  if somebody forcefully `` helps '' you against your will , are you going to perceive that as help or as oppression ? 
  imposing such prohibitions and then to pretend that they are somehow liberating women is quite disingenuous . 
  it reminds of the famous slogan : `` bombing for peace is like fucking for virginity . '', 
  the same holds true for clothing bans and women 's freedoms . 
  you can not ban your way to more freedom . 
   place people rescued of the shores of libya back on libyan soil the answer to your question is rather simple . 
  it is because they are not libyan citizens . 
  libya has no more obligation to accept them than does italy or any other european country . 
  if you are going to return them anywhere , then it needs to be their countries of origin . 
  the middle ages seem to be creeping back into poland . 
  and banning a clothing item is somehow going to help these oppressed women ? 
  i do n't support this law because most of its proponents are anti-muslim bigots who are motivated by xenophobia rather than genuine concern for women 's rights . 
  are you portuguese ? 
  who are you rooting for ? 
  it may appear suspicious , but not for the reasons you think it is . 
  the bulgarian candidate should always have been georgieva , but because of the strong pro-russian lobby , bokova was pushed forward despite her close ties to the formerly communist regime . 
  there has been a lot of outrage against bokova 's nomination in the country . 
  by nominating georgieva , the bulgarian governent is simply trying to right that wrong . 
  better late than never . 
  yes , but merkel and orban 's interests in many instances are mutually exclusive . 
  it is a good sign that they agree on this candidacy , no ? 
  orban does not strike me as a great merkel fan , and he full heartedly supports georgieva for this post : http://sofiaglobe.com/2016/09/14/orban-hungary-would-gladly-support-georgieva-to-be-un-chief/, 
  i do n't know about that . 
  they seem to be quite reliable coalition partners to gerb . 
  yes , of course . 
  why else would gerb support this ? 
  so that parties like ataka and vmro can not attack their nationalistic credentials . 
   the ones that did wear and are willing to wear burkas are gypsies the gypsies in pazardzhik are related to a saudi funded mosque , and a recent tv report even claimed that they were paid to wear it . 
   the thing is , at the end of the day its better that way . 
  the turks and pomaks are not going to do it anyway yeah , but if this is perceived as an anti-muslim act geared to get gerb more of the nationalistic vote , they might end up alienating their own muslim voterbase . 
  and there are a lot of muslims that cast their vote for gerb especiall the ones that are disilusioned with dps . 
   there were some cases in cities with large muslim populations , so we should deal with it before it becomes a `` massive issue '' . 
  yeah , all my muslim neighbors are rushing to get their burkas in order to turn this into a `` massive issue '' . 
  the hysteria in some circles in bulgaria is ridiculous . 
  now let 's be serious . 
  the muslims in the region have not worn the burka even during ottoman times . 
  i doubt that they will suddenly , after hundreds of years , decide to adopt a new dress code , let alone one that is so restrictive . 
  the burka is a nonissue which is being made an issue in order to pander to gullible nationalistic voters . 
   y' ever been to bulgaria , m8 ? 
  i am a turk from bulgaria and i can tell you that the burka is hardly ever worn here . 
  the only known cases are of some gypsy women around pazardzhik whose mosque is funded by saudi arabia . 
  however , the case has had so much coverage on media , that you would be excused to think that many muslim women wear it . 
   bulgaria 's third largest party is the turkish party , so i can imagine this will only alienate its members in parliament . 
  i regularly hop across the border between bulgaria and greece , and from my own observations the turks and pomaks in greece have always appeared more religious than the ones in bulgaria . 
  and it is laregely a legacy of communism which enforced strict dress codes and uniforms , whereas the muslims in greece had more freedoms i suppose . 
  in fact the veil is not very commong among women in kardzhali , whereas it is more widespread among women in komotini . 
  the party that you are talking about is called dps , and it cares remarkably little about religion . 
  in fact it is one of the most reliable ally of the formerly communist party . 
  i disagree with this ban , but i agree with the rest of your reasoning . 
  i think it was mostly about the presidential elections , and who will get the nationalist vote . 
  by banning burkas ( which is a complete nonissue in bulgaria as far as i know ) , boyko is hoping to steal some votes from the nationalist formations , but i think he does not realize that many muslims also vote for gerb . 
  there are many municipalities in turkish and pomak villages that are run by gerb mayors . 
  with this act , gerb very much risks alienating those voters , especially if this act is perceived as anti-muslim . 
   first of all , i fully agree that people should be able to wear whatever they want . 
  lol . 
  you start with this sentence , and then you go on to describe in a lenghty post why people should not be able to wear what they want . 
  europe really does have a split personality on this issue . 
  at first it 's been castigating turkey for not holding the refugees and letting them cross into europe , now it is blaming turkey for `` hoarding '' them ? 
  and the greeks call it evros . 
  nothing like a little bit of old fashioned turk bashing to get your political credentials with the domestic audience . 
  but it gets tiresome and repetitive after a while . 
   armenia barely had minorities to begin with for somebody so interested in the topic , you seem to know barely little about the history of those territories . 
  there were periods in the history of yerevan when the population was 80 percent muslim ( persians , turco , kurds ) and 20 percent armenian . 
  in fact , before russian rule , the city fell in the hands of arabs , persians and ottomans and all of these affected its demographics . 
  due to its strategic significance , yerevan was constantly fought over , and passed back and forth , between the dominion of persia and the ottomans . 
  at the height of the turkish-persian wars , yerevan changed hands fourteen times between 1513 and 1737 . 
  to suggest that the city always had an armenian population and no minorities , just shows how much blinded you are by armenian jignotism . 
   parroting / u/maximegauin i 've never heard of that user . 
  in fact i heard about dro from a jewish bulgarian journalist , named koritarov , who was being interviewed on tv : http://btvnovinite.bg/video/videos/tazi-sutrin/georgi-koritarov-istorijata-trjabva-da-se-chete-kompleksno.html  however this notable azerbaijani statesman for instance collaborated with the nazis lol . 
  he did n't even fight . 
  he went to some diplomatic mission to nazi germany . 
  and you are comparing him to a guy who headed a nazi military unit ? 
  did n't commit war crimes , you say ? 
  then what was the armenische legion doing , giving flowers to their enemies ? 
   baku is a clear and present danger because it wants to get its land back ? 
   my view on states like the trnc and the nkr are roughly the same really ? 
  i 've never seen you defend the trnc when it gets called a psuedostate . 
  you have always been very biased against the people of northern cyprus in your comments .
