   filthy armenian giaour i 've never used such terms to describe anybody . 
  quiet riduclous that you would even use such terms . 
   azerbaijan being a xenophobic kleptocratic azerbaijan is , and armenia is n't ? 
  why are people protesting there now ? 
  because it is a thriving prulist democracy ? 
  as for xenophobia , armenia is one of the most ethnically pure and uniform countries in the world . 
  other than the handful of yazidis there are hardly no minorities whatsoever . 
  anti-semitism is rampant across the population . 
  in fact well known nazi collaborators from ww2 are celebrated as heros . 
  as for ethnic cleasning , azerbaijan remains a home to 597,000 internally displaced people , a product of armenian irredentism in karabakh and the surroudning provinces , and you have the nerve to accuse azerbaijan without even mentioning armenia ? 
  it is franly quite ridiculous how biased you are . 
   is it ? 
  yes , according to all of the world 's governments . 
  amazingly not even armenia extends an official recognition . 
  the fact that the entity that you defend is an unrecognized pseudostate ( not recognized even by the state that sponsors it ) is an objective fact , it is not a subjective natioanlistic viewpoint that is based on nothing else . 
  it is just like rubbing salt into the wound . 
  from a pr point of view it is going to end up worse for russia . 
   but but the < us , uk , insert any country other than russia  shoots down passenger planes all the times , it is known !, 
  / s not that it excuses this horrendous crime by russia in any way , but to be pedantic the us military has in fact shot down civilian airliners . 
  in particular : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iran_air_flight_655, 
  looks like even bulgaria shot down a civilian airliner during the cold war : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/el_al_flight_402, 
  and how about your feelings ? 
  whenever it comes to one unrecognized you are all against it , but you love the other no matter what . 
  it 's better than to have the flair of an unrecognized pseudostate . 
   two `` friendly '' neighbors one of which you invaded . 
  \u00a1 que horrible !, 
   russia , south africa , argentina , brazil , etc. 
  none of them are members of the eu though . 
  many countries in the union have successfully navigated the middle income trap . 
  this is gdp per capita . 
  romania 's economy is substantially larger than that of croatia 's . 
  see this [ google chart ] ( https://www.google.com/publicdata/explore?ds=d5bncppjof8f9_&amp;met_y=ny_gdp_pcap_cd&amp;idim=country:rom:rus&amp;hl=en&amp;dl=en#!ctype=l&amp;strail=false&amp;bcs=d&amp;nselm=h&amp;met_y=gdp_production_current_us&amp;scale_y=lin&amp;ind_y=false&amp;rdim=region&amp;idim=country:rom:hrv:bgr&amp;ifdim=region&amp;tstart=969865200000&amp;tend=1411628400000&amp;hl=en_us&amp;dl=en&amp;ind=false ) . 
  what is even more interesting is that the gdp of bulgaria is also overtaking that of croatia . 
  this was long overdue . 
  the west needs to stand with ukraine against the agression that it faces from the east . 
  poland - regressing back into the middle ages . 
  a serbian defending russia . 
  you fit the stereotype perfectly . 
  if we go back far enough , we are all africans . 
  clear up the metaphors a little bit here . 
  europe is the fish tank , and turks are the dogs in your scenario ? 
  frankly , i do n't mind being an asian , but i was actually born in kardzhali ( a turkish town in bulgaria ) which is on the european side of that line , if you consider the balkans european that is . 
  the boundary between africa and europe is clear cut , between asia and europe not so much . 
  europe and asia form one continuous landmass and europe is merely an extension of eurasia . 
  where you draw the border is quite an arbitrary decision . 
   syria syria is a war-torn country that has most of its cities completely destroyed . 
  are you seriously comparing modern france to syria ? 
  sorry to be a grammar nazi but double negation is not part of the english language . 
  the correct forms of the expression are  i did n't claim either . 
  or  i claimed neither . 
  after buying bulgaria , will they rename it the trans-danubian governorate ? 
  as if deflecting the topic to the kurds in turkey was n't one in the first place ? 
  i was referring to crimea . 
  it is surprising that kardzhali is the only region in bulgaria ( besides sofia ) with a rising population . 
  based on my experience the region is depopulating quite fast . 
  ok then . 
  kurds in turkey can have their own states , if the turks and pomaks in thrace can do the same . 
  except that turkey did not outright annex the territory , and did in fact support the last unification plan for the island . 
  additionally , turkey did have the legal right to intervene under the treaty of guarantees . 
  newsflash , the kurds in syria already have their de facto state , and turkey does n't seem to be able to do much about it . 
  need i remind you that the eu also has a rotating presidency ? 
  besides , if so many in europe think that cyprus may end up like yugoslavia - in ethnic strife , then why are they pushing for unification ? 
  given the bitter history between the greeks and the turks on the island , is n't partition ( with the appropriate territorial adjustments ) the cleaner solution ? 
   turkish but i am although admittedly i never lived in turkey as i was born in bulgaria . 
  did n't the cia do any mischief in greece ? 
  it is recognized by its own people which is what matters . 
  if greek cypriots think they can continue with their intransigence , and expect the turkish cypriots to remain an unrecognized entity forever , then they are deluding themselves . 
   kgb and fsb would hope to be half as effective . 
  that 's probably because you 've never been in the soviet sphere of influence , and you may have romanticized vision of what it was like . 
  had you lived in eastern europe during the cold war your opinion may have been very different . 
  i personally would take the cia over the kgb any day . 
  it is a de facto state whether you like it or not . 
   i find gay sex ( males ) really disgusting and i find your rampant homophobia disgusting too . 
  thanks in large to the russia-loving parvanov , who was president of the country for 10 years , and recently wanted to participate in the elections again despite the fact that would be a violation of the term limits . 
  and the currency will be called the neuro ? 
   we got to the point where software was having issue with such big numbers , a sort of 2000 bug for us . 
  if 4 zeros were causing problems in romania , imagine what it was like in turkey where they had to remove 6 zeros . 
  we do n't need to abandon gasoline engines , we simply need to treat gasoline as a carrier of energy rater than a primal source . 
  if we shift to a different primal source of energy such as nuclear , solar , or wind , and use that to produce synthetic gasoline by extracting co2 from the environment , then gasoline engines will be carbon neutral . 
  currently we are taking oil from under the ground and dumping it as co2 into the atmosphere thus increasing hte net amount of co2 in the atmosphere . 
  with synthetic gasoline we will be taking as much co2 from the environment as we are putting in . 
  that way we will not have to shift all our engine technology overnight , and will be able to continue using legacy engines without damaging the climate . 
  if you are expecting a politician to say what is true rather than what is politically expedient to him , you are going to have a very bad time . 
   turks had a name for albanians arnauti which means '' those who came and never went back '' what language is that in ? 
  i am a fluent turkish speaker , and the turkish word for albanian which is arnaut ( arnavut in modern turkish ) means nothing remotely resembling what you 've written there . 
  and did n't you elect milosevic , a proven war criminal , as your president ? 
  by your own logic , are you a failed state too then ? 
  so rather than blaming uber , is n't the obvious solution to remove the artificial limitation on taxi licenses ? 
  how can such a practice , which saddles drivers with so much debt , be even considered remotely ethical in the first place ? 
   i 'm all for regulation , if that regulation means that prices are controlled and availability is guaranteed at all times . 
  prices should only be determined by demand and supply . 
  whenever you regulate the price directly , you will end up with market distortions that will cause even bigger problems . 
  is being `` a random gothic girl with piercings '' a protected category under the law ? 
  now that you enjoy all the benefits of a borderless schengen where your freedom of movement is guaranteed , it is kind of hypocritical to demand that others be subject to such brutal treatment at border checkpoints , is n't it ? 
  under the dominant legal doctrine in the west , corporations are legal persons . 
  interestingly , if hungary were kicked out of the eu , the southeast of the union would become noncontigous with the rest of it ( like the scandinavian countries are today ) . 
  bulgaria , romania , and greece would no longer have a land corridor to the eu 's core . 
  turkmenistan did not even exist when seljuks were settling in anatolia around the 11th century . 
  and thank god for that as otherwise i would not exist . 
  no you would n't be .
