  the question is : who does he see as the wolf ? 
  the ecb has a basket of currencies that it keeps as reserves in order to prop up the euro . 
  the dollar is a significant portion of those reserves . 
  thanks in large part to your friends at goldman sachs who screwed greece over . 
   our identities mostly match our national identities , unlike america . 
  speak for yourself . 
  there are plenty in europe whose ethnic identity does not match their nationality . 
  you are not importing anything , that 's how things have always been historically . 
  absolutely . 
  the united states derives enormous soft power and economic and political benefits from its alliance with europe . 
   burgas ' russian population is expected to be 10 % by the end of next year . 
  the president will welcome them with open arms . 
  he thinks that anywhere there is a russian flag is part of russia . 
  sarkozy vs le pen would just be a repetition of clinton vs trump . 
  he would just help the far-right get the anti-establishment protest vote . 
  yes , he has repeatedly called for the lifting of sanctions on russia and he thinks crimea belongs to russia . 
  from its own national security point of view , it simply does not suit bulgaria to defend such a position . 
  russians in crimea were not subject to any kind of genocide or ethnic cleansing to necessitate any adjustment in borders . 
  even more so when for bulgaria to take a position against the territorial integrity of ukraine could easily endanger its own territorial integrity . 
  well , i do n't know the man personally , my opinion of him is based on what i see on media . 
  i do not think it is the place of a nato general , as he claims to be , to defend the russian occupation of crimea . 
  the person who got elected is a kremlin stooge . 
  that is clear to everybody not least because of the ecstatic reaction in russian media or his statements on crimea . 
  there is no need to deny that . 
  if le pen is elected france will certainly not continue to be a beacon of any of the things you have enumerated . 
   the toilet seat there is no toilet seat . 
  it is just a hole in the ground . 
  like ireland . 
  bulgaria is a parliamentary republic with the president having mostly representative powers . 
  i for one would welcome our romanian overlords . 
  goodbye schengen and eurozone :(, 
  stranger things have happened . 
  the eu has sanctioned is own members . 
  and how exactly are they going to force them into turkey ? 
  would n't it better serve the russian interest to just shut up ? 
  the fact that they are openly promoting such pullback would only increase the apprehension of eastern european countries and encourage them to take countermeasures . 
  what are the russians really trying to achieve by making such public statements ? 
  there are also rumors that they will be putting john bolton in the administration , who was an iraq war hawk . 
  the situation of kurds in turkey has nothing to do with colonialism . 
  it is more akin to the situation of blacks and latinos in the us . 
  they are equal citizens but they do face daily discrimination . 
  othello is more of a representation of perceptions in medieval england than it is of the mediterranean since it was written by shakespeare . 
   how do you know that ? 
  just look at nagorno-karabakh . 
  google and youtube are the same company . 
  i have several immediate family member that live in turkey as a result of that process . 
  i am sure you can find the exact figures on wikipedia . 
  for bugaria , it is probably because of this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/revival_process many of the people that were expelled have been given the right to restore their citizenship so i suppose they appear as if they have immigrated there . 
  having said that there are also quite a few ethnic bulgarians that go to turkey nowadays to make their living . 
  some of those mps have openly talked in favor of the pkk , which is considered a terrorist organization in turkey . 
   but i 'm surprised turkey has n't had its `` fair share '' of islamic immigration the 3 million syrians that are currently in turkey do n't count as muslims ? 
  bulgaria is very different from portugal and greece . 
  bulgarian national debt is 26 % of gdp . 
  that of portugal is 129 % of gdp . 
  if anything , bulgaria is more like estonia which also has very low debt levels , and in estonia the introduction of the euro was a success . 
   higher sovereign default risk bulgarian sovereign debt is minuscule compared to most other european countries . 
  i very much doubt default is a realistic possibility . 
  so what is the opposite of conservative then ? 
  progressive ? 
  why american ? 
  it is also the case in uk politics where the liberals and conservatives are in opposition . 
  so eastern europe are now defenders of liberal values ? 
  the increasingly authoritarian governments in poland and hungary which have conservative leanings , have to be thought of as liberal ? 
  maybe they embody certain aspects of nationalism as it emerged after the renaissance and of westphalian sovereignty , but they are certainly not liberal by any stretch of the definition of that word . 
  as for the rest of your argument , i agree that ideas and speech in general should not be censored . 
  but if you are actively promoting a fascist ideology that seeks to kill and disenfranchise a group of people , or are inciting for a crime to be committed against them , then those are the types of speech that i am ok with being censored . 
  i am sure that you would not be happy to be at the receiving end of that kind of speech either . 
  even if we accept the premise that it is ok to spread hate , threats , and even promote the ethnic cleansing of a certain group of people as freedom of speech , the problem is that often those are not idle words , but are followed by actions . 
  are you going to say that far right groups attacking and killing people is also a liberal value ? 
  if the state can arrest and persecute isis sympathizers for merely holding radical beliefs , then why should n't they be allowed to do the same with extremist far right groups ? 
  you make it sound so innocent by saying it was like merely expressing an opinion . 
  incitement of racial hatred is a crime under german law . 
  even in the us if racial hatred is part of the motive for committing a crime it can aggravate the sentencing . 
  oh , bulgaria is terrible when it comes to freedom of speech . 
  it probably should be the next on the sanctions list if things keep going the way they are . 
  if turkey ever takes on bulgaria , it will not be militarily but most likely it will be via some form of economic domination . 
  there is simply too much to lose in a military confrontation . 
  and besides there has not been a war between the two countries for more than a century now - i very much doubt it will happen now . 
  to provoke a major military confrontation , bulgaria would have to engage in some serious persecution of the turkish minority on its soil , and i very much doubt that something like that will happen . 
  at least i hope it will not , especially since the country is an eu member . 
   but asking to be `` liberated '' on bulgaria 's internationally acknowledged soil , can not be justified by any means . 
  and i presume when your country was separated from the internationally acknowledge soil of the ottoman empire when it was formed , then it was a `` real '' liberation ? 
  in any case , there is not much appetite for separatism among the turks in bulgaria , and that will remain so for as long as the eu is able to moderate the nationalists and extremists that are currently in the coalition government . 
  as long as there are no repressive measures taken against the minority , i doubt that anybody will be bothered to engage in separatism . 
  any video of the actual incident ? 
  is that golden dawn guy taking steroids or what ? 
  does it have internet ? 
  it would be great , but let 's not forget that for example spain does not allow muslim prayer in the great mosque of cordoba either :  muslims across spain have lobbied the roman catholic church to allow them to pray in the complex , with the islamic council of spain lodging a formal request with the vatican . 
  [ 15 ] [ 16 ] however , spanish church authorities and the vatican have opposed this move . 
  [ 17 ] these battles over the cathedral reflect the contested view of what constitutes spanish history and spanish identity . 
  [ 34 ] source : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mosque%e2%80%93cathedral_of_c%c3%b3rdoba#2000s_muslim_campaign, 
   the ridiculous extremists are so far out there reminds me of ann coulter . 
  i still have n't figured out if she is for real or if her opinions are just a publicity stunt . 
  why not ? 
  your patron russia does it all the time . 
  i liked davutoglu too . 
  but the close relationship between turkey and macedonia predates erdogan - it has been part of turkish foreign policy for decades . 
  and what makes you think i support erdogan ? 
  i am not a turkish citizen so i can not vote in turkey anyway , so i am in no way responsible for erdogan being in power . 
  but from a geopolitical point of view it is clear why turkey supports macedonia .
