  so are finland and sweden , but that does not mean that they are pro-russian like serbia is . 
  given the rising tensions between russia and eu , if there is a new `` cold war '' as medvedev suggested a few days ago , whose side would serbia pick ? 
  russia does the same to bulgaria too , even though the country has one of the most russia friendly governments in the eu . 
  we literally have three pro-russian parties in parliament - dps , ataka , bsp . 
  it is probably in order to underline that this is official policy by the kremlin . 
  this is what the byzantines used as the geographic definition of the macedonian and thracian themas . 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/80/byzantine_macedonia_1045ce.svg the commonly accepted defintion of thrace in bulgaria is as follows : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/2b/thrace_and_present-day_state_borderlines.png, 
  some greek nationalist politicians invested a lot of political capital in this name debate , and they completely blew it out of proportions . 
  it looks ridiculous from the outside , but they ca n't do anything about it because now they will look bad in front of their electorate if they back down . 
  so the issue keeps going . 
  why is serbia applying to the eu again ? 
  perhaps they would be better suited for putin 's eurasian economic union . 
  what is that lone green flag that is outside of everything ? 
  talk to them as much as you like . 
  just do not make any economic concessions and sanctions reduction unless they reciprocate . 
  the whole point of the carrot is that they reciprocate or move in the desired direction . 
  why are people from the maghreb being taken in ? 
  as far as i know morocco and algeria have been designated as safe countries of origin . 
  they should be deported asap . 
  in that case , how effective has the german carrot been in correcting the russian behavior ? 
  are there any prospects that it will ever be effective given the results so far ? 
  the carrot only works if you get something in return . 
  with russia it seems to be only taking , without giving anything back . 
  greece already puts refugees on buses to its northern border . 
  is that a threat to macedonia ? 
  when you are unable to carry the weight , and no help is forthcoming despite your repeated warnings that you are about to collapse , that 's not a threat , that is just a cry for help . 
  if the refugee dam in turkey overflows and fails because of that , then yes the floodgates to europe will be opened . 
  and i do not think bulgaria will try to stop them either when the numbers entering rise to the tens of thousands . 
  they will be bused to the romanian or serbian border as quickly as possible . 
  so what would you have erdogan do then ? 
  bend over to putin , and let him bomb across the turkish border , while at the same time taking in more syrian refugees escaping that same bombardment ? 
  how many millions more should turkey take ? 
  do n't forget that it is the eu pressuring turkey to take in the refugees in the first place . 
  erdogan 's entire syrian policy has been a disaster so far and he is discredited even in the eyes of his own party . 
  there is a lot of opposition within the ranks of the akp rising up against him . 
  as far as his leaked statement , it should not be interpreted as a threat , but as a statement of fact . 
  if turkey continues to be inundated with refugees beyond carrying capacity , then it will have no choice but to forward them west and wish them well on their journey . 
  that is not something eu countries are not already doing . 
  greece uses buses and ferries to transport migrants to the macedonian border to relieve migratory pressures on its island across the turkish coast . 
  is greece blackmailing the eu too ? 
  there is a clear distinction between being pushed into a situation out of desperation and deliberately threatening out of malice . 
  some turkish kurds are actually represented by the hdp , which is a predominantly kurdish party in the turkish parliament . 
  others , that are more religious minded , tend to vote for the akp . 
  to suggest that russia has nothing to do with the migratory flows , and all the blame lies with turkey , is an equally `` pretentiously noble , utterly ignorant , and utterly pointless suggestion '' to use your own words . 
  the finnish ex-minister of the interior has pointed out very clearly that :  politicians in finland and the eu have discovered elements of so-called hybrid warfare in the ongoing migrant crisis . 
   politicos who say they have spotted signs of mixed-strategy aggression in russia 's actions on its finnish border are ex-minister of the interior p\u00e4ivi r\u00e4s\u00e4nen and defense committee chair ilkka kanerva . 
   military researcher , officer antti paronen from the national defence university says that the great number of migrants moving through europe can easily be seen as potential tools in political pressuring tactics and military hostilities . 
  http://yle.fi/uutiset/officials_see_signs_of_hybrid_warfare_in_migrant_crisis/8672574 if turkey wanted to deliberately flood europe with refugees , it would not be building huge refugee camps on its territory as the bbc has covered [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mm0qss19uic ) . 
  at this very moment , it is the russian airstrikes that are causing people to flee their homes in the aleppo province . 
  let us not pretend that there is no link between the russian actions and the migratory flows . 
  your accusations that turkey is blackmailing the eu are unfounded . 
  the turkish cup is full to the brim with refugees , and there is no space to take any more . 
  the russian airstrikes are making an already bad situation even worse , and are pouring more water into an already full cup , and as soon as that cup overflows europe will be faced with new migrants . 
  merkel 's is right to push for a no fly zone . 
  there is a direct link between russian air strikes and the refugees flows . 
  as soon as the air strikes stop after a no fly zone is imposed , the migrants that are currently stranded on the turkish-syrian border will be able to return to their homes . 
  if that was not clear by now , it is becoming even more obvious with the recent bombing of hospitals . 
  gypsies in bulgaria generally fall into two main categories - those that speak bulgarian as their mother tongue ( those tend to be christian ) , and those that speak turkish ( those tend to be muslim ) . 
  even the native bulgarians speakers have an accent so i do not think language alone can be used to classify them as gypsies . 
  skin colors plays a major role as well . 
  i think that is great news . 
  europe needs to urgently diversify its energy imports in order to reduce its dependence on the kremlin controlled gazprom . 
  i would have been more willing to accept your argument , had the provinces surrounding nagorno-karabakh not been occupied . 
  why did they target the seven surrounding provinces if their only objective was to protect their ethnic kin ? 
  this was eye opening for me . 
  anybody who thinks that russia would not invade the baltics if they could get away with it , is delusional . 
  the only reason russia does not invade is because of nato . 
  as a [ bulgarian turk ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bulgarian_turks ) my obvious choice would be turkey , but not sure if the rest of bulgarian society shares that sentiment . 
  i think bulgarians in general are roughly split in half . 
  some of them are russophiles and they see mother russia as a brotherly nation ( '' \u0431\u0440\u0430\u0442\u0441\u043a\u0438 \u043d\u0430\u0440\u043e\u0434 '' ) , whereas the minorities in the country , especially the turks and the pomaks , see turkey as the better choice . 
  in terms of similarities , though , i would say the closest country is romania . 
  bulgaria and romania are like mirror images of each other across the danube . 
  both have vast planes along the danube ; both have long mountain ranges that split the countries in half ( for bulgaria it is the balkan mountains , for romania - the carpethes ) ; both have had similar experience with communism in the soviet block ; both have big ethnic minorities ( turks in bulgaria , hungarians in romania ) ; the cultures are very similar , as are the economies ; also both have small sister nations ( for bulgaria its macedonia , whereas for romania it is moldova ) . 
  the map on the right hand side of this very sub does not include them . 
  world war iii has already started . 
  because of the nuclear weapons and the doctrine of mutually assured destruction , this world war is mostly a hybrid one where the belligerents use plausible deniability in order to avoid escalation into a nuclear exchange . 
  syria and ukraine are some of the manifestation of this war that have turned `` hot '' , in the rest of the world the war will remain in the `` hybrid '' or `` cold '' phase . 
  i agree with most of you 've written above . 
  bombs were first advertised as `` smart '' during the us invasion of iraq , but they led to massive casualties among the civilians . 
  i think the verdict is still out on how good they are minimizing civilian deaths . 
  this sounds a lot like russian propaganda which tries to paint all groups fighting assad as extremists/terrorists . 
  let us not forget that syria is a majority sunni muslim state , and assad is from the shia faction which has been ruling over the sunni majority . 
  it is normal for rebel groups to be islamic . 
  if what you were saying is true that the fighters are foreign , most of the people would flee towards government controlled areas , rather than to sunni states like turkey and jordan . 
  from the patter of displacement of the natives , it is clear that they have more to fear from the regime , than from the rebels . 
  that the rebels today are outmatched is true , but that is because assad has made the deliberate choice of focusing all his energy on them . 
  they have born the brunt of his forces . 
  in comparison the regime has expanded very few resources on isis to date . 
  the only reason why assad regime has been able to come back from complete collapse and is able to reclaim territories is because of russian air strikes . 
  do not underestimate air strikes when it comes to determining the course of this war . 
  as for the anti-israel propaganda and conspiracies , those are for the public consumption of the ignorant masses . 
  if you move away from the rhetoric , and look at the actions , you will discover that saudi arabia and israel have been very close allies and on the same side in almost all geopolitical events in the middle east . 
  on the contrary , people are exactly being herded like sheep by isis trough pure terror and intimidation . 
  it is not like isis won some kind of democratic election in the region . 
  isis has a very shallow structure - it is a ghost that exists only because the powers in the region can not agree on how to destroy it . 
  you are missing israel in this whole picture , and given the fact that they have nuclear weapons they do count as a mini-superpower in the region , and their stance matters . 
  israel will never allow a strong iranian/hezbollah domination in syria , and if the balance of power changes further in favor of assad , they will intervene . 
  russians are aware of that , and they have tried not to push for assad to hard . 
  and as for the suggestion that helping assad will decrease the number of refugees - that is wishful thinking . 
  most of the refugees currently on the syrian-turkish border cite him as the reason why they are running away in the first place .
