  while pressuring [ turkey to open its eastern border ] ( http://www.ekathimerini.com/205753/article/ekathimerini/news/turkish-official-lambastes-eu-on-migrant-demands ) , simultaneously it is demanding that turkey close its western border . 
  turkey is already housing 3 million people and can not take any more in without significant demographic or societal disruptions . 
  if the eu wants open borders , it should be prepared to carry some of the burden rather than dump all of these people on turkey . 
  the 3 billion deal was to manage the migrants already in turkey , not to accept more . 
  i will address your claims that retaining the ability to devalue may serve the national interest in the context of recent events in bulgaria . 
  calls for devaluation happened in bulgaria in 2014 immediately after the collapse of one of the major banks , ktb . 
  the calls for devaluation in this case were not there to serve the national interest and that of the citizens of the country , but to bail out the corrupt oligarcy which had effectively stripped the bank of all of its assets . 
  these people would have loved to get their hands on the printing press , and get freshly printed bulgarian levs . 
  it is this kind of corrupt practices that fueled inflation before the adoption of the currency board . 
  i see inflation as the greater threat because it is an invisible tax that robs people of their lifesavings . 
  it enables weath transfer from the poor to the wealthy . 
  it was the currency board that prevented the oligarcy from bailing themselves out after the failure of ktb , and to the extent that eurozone membership would prevent similar abuses of monetary policy from ever takign place , i would welcome it . 
  it is precisely in order to defend its national interests that bulgaria must adopt the euro . 
  we are already a member of the single-currency union in all but name , because bulgaria implements [ a strict currency board ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_status_and_usage_of_the_euro#pegged_currencies ) with a fluctuation band of 0 % , effectively outsourcing all monetary policy to the ecb . 
  and given our [ past experience with devaluation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zhan_videnov#crisis ) , i am completely fine with the ecb determining our monetary policy , rather than the politicians in sofia . 
  i still remember the hyperinflation in the 90s , and what greece has experienced recently is nothing in comparison to what bulgaria experienced then . 
  there were times when the price of bread would increase by a factor of two from day to day . 
  bulgaria meets [ all of the economic requirements ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bulgaria_and_the_euro#status ) , except for formalities liking joining the emr ii and changing some legislation . 
  additionally , unlike problematic countries ( like greece , spain , portugual ) , bulgaria has a very low debt to gdp ratio . 
  joining the eurozone would be pretty much smooth sailing for bulgaria , and the process would mostly mirror the incorporation of the baltic states into the eurozone . 
  no video of the fireball ? 
  that treaty has clauses which allow turkey to take action if under imminent military threat or in case of war . 
  additionally , there are treaties and regulations that allow turkey to inspect any foreign ships . 
  there are environmental considerations where a major oil spill in the straits could be a catastrophe for the inhabitants of istanbul . 
  while not formally a blockade , turkey could choose to enforce preexisting regulations more rigorously and thus make life really hard for russian commerce through the bosphorus . 
  neither of those articles support the assertion that turkey is aiding isis . 
  the guardian article is about turkey cutting lines , whereas the reuters articles talks about elements of the intelligence community sending weapons to moderate islamic rebels , not isis . 
  only the russians and the syrian regime view the latter two as equivalent . 
   not only do they have conventional means of defeating turkey , but the nuclear option turkey may not have the nuclear option , but it has the option of closing off the straits . 
  that is a major economic choke point for russia as quite a lot of their oil still passes through there . 
  additionally it would completely cut them of from their port in tartus , and would render their little military adventure in syria completely pointless . 
  having said that , i do not think a military confrontation between turkey and russia will take place . 
  both countries have a lot to loose from such a scenario . 
  given how much economic pain russia is undergoing at the moment with the low oil prices , i think eventually it will come to its senses , and it will follow a more moderate line in the middle east . 
  the us seems to be [ leaving the middle east ] ( https://www.foreignaffairs.com/articles/middle-east/end-pax-americana ) . 
  as far as turkey is concerned , leverage over the us is not that important any more , as the us is no longer a factor when it comes to the middle east . 
  it seems that the obama administration has made a conscious decision to abandon the region to the russians and the iranians . 
   www.globalresearch.ca www.globalresearch.ca is a notoriously pro-russian website . 
  some of us are actual [ ethnic turks ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bulgarian_turks ) that live in those countries . 
  it 's called [ bacha bazi ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bacha_bazi ) and it is something that is peculiar to afghanistan . 
  without the russian intervention , the assad regime would have fallen long ago , and the country would be on its way to rebuilding . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ha08depam0 ) is the trailer . 
  should this not have an nsfw tag ? 
   wipe out their political institutions , i 'm not saying nuke them until they 're a glass desert . 
  what if their citizens resist ? 
  are you going to send in the military ? 
  wiping out states that have been around for hundreds of year because some tax authorities are incompetent to collect their taxes is extreme . 
  the tax authorities need to learn how to adapt to a world of unimpeded capital flows across borders . 
  the ends do n't justify the means . 
  you are going to wipe out countries in order to stop tax evasion . 
  that is just too extreme . 
  that is pretty damning evidence if you ask me . 
  no wonder the putinbots are downvoting you . 
  that 's correct . 
  the relevant passage from the quran is [ 60:10 ] ( http://legacy.quran.com/60/10 )  they are not lawful [ wives ] for them , nor are they lawful [ husbands ] for them, 
  russia is exporting a lot of instability to its near abroad . 
  if it were to collapse , i think the situation in its neighbors would actually improve . 
  here is a map of all the [ republics ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/68/republics_of_russia1.png ) . 
  not sure how many of them are seperatist , but if they were , they would take away a sizable chunk of the territory of the russian federation . 
  why ? 
  are you worried that nuclear weapons will fall in the hands of rogues elements ? 
  what exactly is the difference between now and then ? 
  the soviet union also had a lot of nuclear weapons , but very few people would regret that they wished it crashed . 
  especially germans since otherwise your country would still be divided if it had not . 
  it could be argued that those countries are worse off precisely because they chose to remain close to russia rather than forging ties and integrating with the west . 
  no county has been able to prosper inside the russian sphere of influence . 
  they are all riddled with frozen conflicts or end up being an economic basketcase . 
  this is precisely why ukraine should distance itself from russia as much as it can . 
  slovenia and croatia seem to be doing pretty well economically . 
  i do not think that would have been possible if they had remained in yugoslavia . 
  forcing the forces relying on the armed forces could be a dangerous bet . 
  for one , they might be unwilling to employ coercion if they face large numbers of protestors drawn from the general population . 
  this is true for all repressive regimes , which tend to emphasize the elite nature of policing and deploy officers far away from their homes . 
  given putin 's popularity and the relatively greater difficulty of organizing mass protests in the russian provinces , the greatest likelihood of such a scenario playing out is in moscow , which witnessed mass demonstrations in 2011 -- 12 , and in the non-russian regions such as tatarstan , bashkortostan , yakutia , dagestan , and ingushetia , where ethnic solidarity could override orders to use coercion . 
  if women and workers participate in such disturbances , coercive forces would be least inclined to follow orders and shoot . 
  at present , such a revolution looks improbable ; but in mid-2004 and mid-2013 , no one was predicting the orange revolution or the euromaidan revolution in ukraine . 
  such revolutions , as putin probably realizes , are intrinsically unpredictable , because they are the product of inchoate forces of discontent , dissatisfaction , anger , radicalization , and hope . 
  even so , given the dysfunctionality of the political -- economic system and its incapacity to change , the chances of such disturbances will increase with every year . 
  the protests are likely to be sparked by a sudden , unexpected event that outrages people and propels them into the streets . 
  that shock could be anything , from an embarrassing televised slip-up by putin to an act of brutality by the police to a tragic fire . 
  no one ever predicts such shocks , but , as systems decay , they become more likely . 
  another scenario would be if the armed forces are unable to stop elite anti-regime forces from plotting a palace coup or promoting independence in the non-russian regions . 
  although putin has constructed a form of authoritarianism that resembles the regimes of nazi germany and mussolini 's italy , russia 's forces of coercion are not yet , as in stalin 's times , a state within the state capable of monitoring all elite behavior . 
  the loyalty or neutrality of russia 's elites can not therefore be entirely assured . 
  russian elites know that , like mikhail khodorkovsky , the russian businessman-turned-opposition figure who incurred putin 's ire and several years imprisonment for fraud , they could be punished for stepping out of line , but they also know that , in times of troubles , the kremlin needs them as much as , if not more , than they need the kremlin . 
  how likely is a palace coup or regional separatism ? 
  soviet and russian history is replete with examples . 
  after stalin 's death , his successors killed his secret police chief , lavrentii beria , in 1953 . 
  in 1964 , nikita khrushchev was ousted in a coup . 
  in 1998 -- 99 , putin came to power as the result of a coup-like deal with elites and then president boris yeltsin . 
  as to the non-russians , they made claims on sovereignty every time the state was in crisis -- during the revolution of 1917 -- 21 , during the german occupation of 1941 -- 43 , and during mikhail gorbachev 's perestroika in 1987 -- 91 . 
  elite loyalty depends on putin 's ability to pay them off . 
  just as political and economic elites flocked to putin during the years of plenty , between 1998 and 2013 , so too , will they be tempted to abandon him during the coming years of scarcity . 
  meanwhile , non-russian elites -- and especially those in oil-rich tatarstan and diamond-rich yakutia -- may be the first to loosen their ties to moscow , because they may have nationalist ambitions , and are farther from the center and thus less susceptible to threats . 
  once elites see that they can get away with criticizing the regime , things will reach a tipping point and anti-putin bandwagoning could take place . 
  some may even plot against putin and try to have him forcibly removed or killed . 
  the third scenario is that coercion might prove inadequate to quell discontent if the opposition resorts to violence and the armed forces are too weak to respond . 
  armies that lose wars or experience battlefield humiliation are prone to such weaknesses . 
  the russian army is currently involved in two wars -- in ukraine and in syria . 
  additional incursions , in the baltic states or in central asia , may also be in the offing , as putin tries to sow disarray within nato and protect russia from the islamic state ( also known as isis ) .
