  that tends to happen when you try to plot a coup in a country . 
  i do not think turkey can be considered a designated safe third country when it comes to the issue of sexual minorities . 
  among the islamists , the nationalists , the kurds ( despite their party adopting a pro-gay agenda ) , homophobia is rampant . 
  even the secularists are probably closer in their outlook to eastern europeans on this issue , than they are to the liberal westerners . 
  the land border with turkey is not that long and it is not that hard to protect it . 
  the bulk of the refugees actually cross through the aegean , which your `` solution '' does not address at all . 
  atv has apologized for the mistake . 
  the proposed area was between the afrin and kobane cantons , and ethnically it was composed mostly of arabs . 
   ( and for good measure lets stop europeans from crossing the border too . ), 
  the soviet union also restricted its citizens ( or should we call them subjects ? ), 
  from traveling abroad . 
  a european union that does not respect the freedom of movement of its citizens could just as easily turn into another authoritarian oppressive superstate . 
  the same could be said about the usa and its policy in the middle east . 
  the invasion of iraq was the biggest blunder of the century , and the people of the region are still paying the price for the mistakes of american foreign policy , including europeans who have to face the wave of refugees from the endless wars . 
  it could be argued that the alliance with the united states is more of a liability than an asset to turkey . 
  russia is not remotely powerful enough to control those countries . 
  the hypocrisy of some europeans never ceases to amaze me . 
  it seems that freedom of assembly is only a european value when it politically convenient , and can be scrapped when it is not . 
  microsoft destroyed nokia . 
  the fence is across a small section of the border . 
  most of it is the meri\u00e7 / maritsa/evros river . 
  kind of similar to what happened to snowden . 
  embargo turkey because the eu is failing to guard its own borders ? 
  let 's not forget that it was the eu that pushed turkey to accept that many refugees from syria in the first place . 
  embargoing turkey would only make their economic situation only worse thereby increasing the flow to europe . 
  moral panic in russia . 
  alone he is not powerful enough to deal with the gulenist scourge . 
  he needs the help of the opposition . 
  [ bush knocked down the towers . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6bdr_2iajwu ), 
  yes . 
  it played very well into erdogan 's hand . 
  his party scored poorly in the earlier election , but after the campaign they won with a reassuring majority . 
  if the law only targets a specific group based on technicalities then it would be easy to circumvent . 
   and people downvote when i say turkey has never been a secular state ... 
  in turkey religion is subjugated to the state . 
  historically , this was the main difference between the byzantine empire and the papal state . 
  in the byzantine empire there was caesaropapism where the king was above the patriarch , whereas in the west there was papocaesarism whereby the king was below the pope , who had the supreme religious authority . 
  it seems like turkey has chosen to adopt the byzantine model with the diyanet system . 
  what is going on in finland ? 
  usually it is the far-left anti-imperialists that protest at incirlik . 
  i think you are mixing up the country with one of your latin american colonies . 
  turkey is not panama . 
  i 'd like to see you try to `` liberate '' it . 
  i can assure you that you will fail miserably . 
  i am sorry your flag is being burned . 
  i think that is over the top , and disrespectful . 
  is there actually any muslim population in corsica ? 
   oil money . 
  unless you switch to an electric car that does not require oil . 
  isis wants a war between christians and muslims . 
  what better way to bring it about than attack a christian place of worship ? 
  the intifada has a purpose . 
  what is the purpose of this ? 
  they are supposed to be used in an emergency . 
  why did you write it then ? 
   feel that one member dominating is an unfortunate , but predictable side-effect for running a weak-eu structure . 
  the solution to that is easy . 
  break up the eu member states , and create an eu of regions , rather than an eu of countries . 
  is n't this the same guy that called for istanbul to be nuked after turkey shot down the russian jet ? 
   poke between the teeth yeah . 
  make sure you do n't hack half of your face off . 
  damn . 
  the bundeskanzlerin is wielding that knife pretty well . 
  yeah , before this attack poland was actually ready to accept them with open arms . 
  what is the purpose of these knives ? 
  to cut bushes and vegetation overgrowth ? 
  i am sorry but cem ozdemir is such a loser . 
  what exactly does he stand for ? 
  the difference being that cuba is still an independent state . 
  the baltics on the other hand were annexed by the soviets . 
  well , that was subtle . 
  but seriously , the black sea does need some affirmative action from nato . 
  good . 
  nato needs to increase its presence in the black sea basin to counterbalance russia . 
  lol . 
  does erdogan really think that makes him look good ? 
   and you know this how ? 
  did you witness the specific soldiers who were killed , kill civilians before that ? 
  no , fortunately i was not in turkey when the coup took place . 
  but there is video evidence . 
  if you are referring to the incident on the bridge , where some soldiers were lynched , there is a [ video of what happened earlier ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9gzu_rvitgi ) . 
   you 'd have to be a propaganda-addled idiot to flat out deny even the possibility ; i am not a propaganda addled idiot . 
  i am just using the same standards that you apply to people who question 9/11 in the west . 
  your allegations about the coup sound as ridiculous to turks . 
  sure , we understand you do not like erdogan , but that does not mean you can attribute anything and everything bad to him . 
  yes . 
  i would prefer ** #turxit ** . 
  sounds better . 
  at first he speaks turkish , then he switches to arabic . 
  the turkish speech was accurately translated . 
   will the people who murdered soldiers in the streets be facing justice ? 
  those same soldiers had killed unarmed civilians before that . 
  you need to view things in context . 
   besides , there is enough reason to suspect this was a false flag operation in the first place . 
  only a tinfoil conspiracy theorist would believe that . 
   nobody tried to kill the turkish president . 
  i was not talking about the plane incident . 
  i was referring to his stay in marmaris . 
  special forces descended on the hotel where the president was staying with orders to kill or apprehend .
