  the links between 9/11 and saddam were completely fabricated , and the middle east has still not recovered from the damage the invasion of iraq caused . 
  actually what matters is the nuclear material . 
  disassembling the bomb , extracting the material , and reassembling it in a different bomb would not be that hard . 
  the hard part is getting the material . 
  the baathist purges in iraq after the us invasion were a disaster . 
  yes , it is interesting and fun for as long as they do not affect your country . 
  but as soon as you start getting a few refugees from this instability you start screaming bloody murder . 
  so what exactly is the threat ? 
  this instability started in syria , but it seems to be rapidly expanding . 
  the dominoes are falling and sooner or later they will reach your country too . 
  given that the mosques played a crucial role in thwarting this coup by blasting calls for people to go out on the streets through their loud speakers , i think he will try to reward the islamists for their help . 
  shutting down the internet has a counterproductive effect . 
  when you disconnect them from social media and their online entertainment , more people flood the streets , which coup plotters tend to want to avoid . 
  i suppose you 've never heard of latin america too ? 
  yes , but what is even more shocking is that the diyanet which is supposed to be above politics and provide religious services to all muslims is acting like a mouthpiece for the akp . 
  the akp has completely politicized religion in turkey and is acting as if they own islam . 
  apparently the diyanet ( the turkish religious directorate ) already stated that they would be providing no religious services or ceremonies at the funerals of the coup plotters . 
  so the people that resisted the nazi soldiers during ww2 were unlawful comabatants ? 
  did you actually read the article ? 
  i would guess some islamists are retaliating then ? 
  this will only lead to further polarization . 
  it would be ironic if he reintroduces the death penalty and is later on sentenced to it when he loses power . 
  if he takes the country out of nato with his stupidity he will definitely be a traitor in the eye of many turks . 
  does that mean merkel 's spokesperson believe turkey 's eu membership is a realistic prospect ? 
  you can wave that carrot a few times before your bluff becomes apparent . 
  everybody knows that turkey will never join the eu even if these purges had never occurred . 
  i watched the statement of the turkish ambassador on bulgarian media yesterday , and his explanation for the lists was that arrests were planned to occur sometime next month as the investigation into the parallel structure completes . 
  it was precisely because of that investigation that the coup plotters decided to launch their attempt now even though they were still unprepared . 
  given the scale and magnitude of the arrests and the lack of judicial process , however , one can not help but wonder if only those responsible for the coup were targeted , or any dissidents that did not fully support erdogan ? 
   it will never get to the point where a major trade deal ( e.g. 
  ttip ) is vetoed by a small country because the us stupidly refuses to lower its visa barrier . 
  i would not be so sure about that . 
  sometimes one extra straw can break the camel 's back . 
   till then every country will be treated differently then do that at your own cost . 
  the eu parliament was quite clear in its position . 
  you either lift restrictions on all eu citizens , or face reciprocal measures . 
  the law anticipates retaliation in the form of temporary visa requirements for travelers from the discriminating countries to all eu , and it will be upheld if the us and canada do not comply . 
  it is absurd that the us and canada are allowed to treat eu member states differently . 
  what would happen if the eu were to start demanding visas for texans and louisianians ? 
   5 judges from the supreme court this is such a blatant violation of the separation of power . 
  the executive branch removing people in the judiciary branch . 
  you have to believe either erdogan is extremely competent in organizing such a sophisticated false flag , or that americans are extremely incompetent in organizing a coup . 
  i personally find both hard to believe . 
  if the coup had succeeded , nothing would have really changed fundamentally . 
  the military government would have instituted more restrictions but the erdogan supporters would still be there . 
  eventually someone more radical than erdogan would have emerged down the line . 
  the idea situation would be for erdogan now to realize that the is not immortal and that he has gone too far and start moderating his views and push for a more pluralist turkey . 
  unfortunately , i fear that he will double down on his extremism . 
   at least i would n't get killed you 'd be surprised, 
  some people would rather defend their country than leave . 
  for propaganda to be effective it has to be mixed with some truth . 
  children can hardly be classed as a minority . 
  everybody is a child at one point or another . 
  i do not think anybody objects to the term ethnic cleansing . 
  the objection is to the term genocide as it has legal ramifications on modern day turkey . 
  given that moldova speaks a latin language that is hardly surprising . 
  from my own experience with them , macedonians seem to be quite fond of serbs in general . 
  are n't most muslims in macedonia of albanian rather than turkish origin ? 
   `` your ancestors worked hard and died to get every inch of land you live on today , which means that you must fight and die if you have to in order to protect that every single inch of land . '', 
  is n't that true for every country in the region ? 
  surely bulgarian textbooks are no exceptions to what you have written above . 
  well , that was what i was asking exactly !, 
  thank you for the bold enormous letters - i might have missed your comment otherwise . . 
   turkey is the successor of the empire , it 's a fact . 
  that is something that you and erdogan probably agree on . 
  he too is quite big on the whole ottoman past thing . 
  but is there any legal opinion and evidence that this is actually the case ? 
  any international treaty where turkey accepts that it is the successor state ? 
  turks were a component `` millet '' of the ottoman empire , and along with the other millets ( arabs , kurds , bulgarians , greeks , serbians , albanians , circassians , assyrians , armenians ) they just gained their independence last . 
  if turkey is understood to be the country of turks then it was quite different from the ottoman empire which was an empire that was ruled by the house of osman ( ottoman in english ) and encompassed many millets . 
  under that logic turkey would be no more a successor than any of the other nations that were once part of the empire . 
  you may be right about barroso . 
  i just commented on the `` bad apples '' analogy as the original context in which i heard it used was very different from what you used it for . 
  originally it was used to attack a specific bank , now it is being used to defend a particular bank . 
  the succession of the turkish republic from the ottoman empire was a little more complicated than that and was very different from what happened in germany . 
  the nationalist forces of ataturk actually fought against the imperial forces of the sultan , and they did that despite the invasion of the allied forces who sabotaged ataturk 's movement at every opportunity . 
  the west actually supported the sultan and not the forces of ataturk that were seeking to depose him . 
  that would have been like the west supporting the nazi government in germany rather than fighting it . 
  quite the opposite , in germany it was the allies that liberated the country from the nazis . 
  funny that you use the `` bad apples '' argument to defend goldman . 
  during the collapse of lehman brothers in 2008 , it was goldman sachs and friends that used that argument to imply that the banking system was sound , and that lehman was just one bad apple . 
  now you are using the same argument to imply the whole system is rotten , not just goldman . 
  which one is it ? 
  so what government are they accusing exactly ? 
  that of the ottoman empire or present day turkey ? 
  one small mistake and ... 
  but as the terrorist attacks in paris , brussels , and istanbul have shown , `` militants '' are posing an ever increasing threat to the alliance . 
  9/11 was done by `` militants '' , and not state actors , and yet it was considered to be an attack on the alliance , and all member supported the subsequent actions against al qaeda . 
  nato needs to address this threat in europe as well , otherwise it will be seen as increasingly unable to protect its member states . 
  i agree with your assessment . 
  the calculus now is for bsp and dps to nominate a common presidential candidate , and to get all the dps electorate to vote for him like sheep . 
  if dost gets registered that calculus will fail . 
  yes , there is quite a lot of racism against gypsies in bulgaria . 
  they are segregated and live in ghettos that can be quite dangerous sometimes . 
  yes , because of the russian fifth column . 
  some bulgarians behave almost as if russia is their homeland and not bulgaria . 
  i agree . 
  i think it was really shameful how some eastern european countries reacted to the refugee crisis . 
  perhaps with brexit they will now see what it is like to be on the receiving end . 
  send them to bulgaria too .
