  had assad fallen , the gazprom monopoly in europe would have have suffered irreparable damage . 
   turkmen = / = turkish they see each other as the same . 
  after the jet was downed , russia went into full collective punishment mode , and bombed turkmen villages indiscriminately . 
  russia has always dreamed of having access to the mediterranean sea . 
  their naval base of tartus was too valuable for them to abandon . 
  that 's why they propped up assad . 
  and also because they wanted to prevent an oil pipeline from the gulf to europe that would have undermined gazproms monopoly . 
  i specifically meant him . 
  overall , i hope this is good for turkey , but not for him . 
  the nationalists will abandon him because of russia , the islamist will abandon him because of israel . 
  as these are his main constituents , he has put himself into a corner . 
  he was cornered . 
  his foreign policy was a disaster , and he had no allies left . 
  this a move out of desperation , and hope it backfires mightily on him . 
  given borisov 's sympathies for russia , i am not surprised he is not included at all . 
  if i recall correctly , farage called a top eu official a `` damp rag '' in parliament in front of everybody . 
   get beaten with sticks that sounds like some sharia stuff . 
  or perhaps the british people used him and his personal aspirations to get what they wanted . 
  he might have been the useful idiot that got them out of the eu . 
  it is not clear at all who used whom here . 
  greece has n't had a contiguous border with the eu for a long time but has been a schengen member . 
   the uk can delay as long as it likes before officially triggering article 50 . 
  that 's not true either . 
  all that needs to happen is for cameron to notify the rest of the eu ministers this tuesday of the british intent to leave the eu , and that would be sufficient grounds to initiate proceedings under article 50 . 
  not in bulgarian . 
  `` i '' is `` az / \u0410\u0437 '' . 
   if not now , then when ? 
  should we wait another 4 decades for them to decide if they want in or out ? 
  i think what they are betting on is to see the eu disintegrate before they leave . 
  farage has been talking about that for ages . 
   you want us to leave the eu ? 
  then give us a good deal . 
  the trigger has been pressed , and that bullet has already been fired . 
  the uk has already decided to leave the eu . 
   a vote to stay in the eu is not the same as a vote to leave the uk when the two are mutually exclusive , then one implies the other . 
  the scottish border would become an external border of the eu . 
  the euroskeptic political movements in bulgaria are ones that are funded by putin and russia directly , and they are mostly based on xenophobia , lies and misinformation . 
  the fact that the uk is choosing to leave the union now is like pouring gasoline on an existing fire , and makes the whole situation even more precarious . 
  bulgaria is actually not in the baltics . 
  i support federalization because i think it will best serve the interests of eu citizens in a world dominated by countries like china , the united states , and russia . 
  even the uk which is large relative to other eu countries can not compete against them . 
  divided , europe will quickly be split into multiple spheres of influence , and the countries will effectively become colonies of the other major superpowers . 
  i personally do not care about the countries , what i care about is the well being of the eu citizens . 
  i hope that once the uk leaves , the eu will be well on its way towards federalization . 
  we voted to leave , but we do n't want to leave just yet . 
  that 's like spitting in the face of somebody and telling them you are going to keep staying in their house . 
  very well said . 
  it also has a lot in common with the tragedy of the commons situation :  the tragedy of the commons is an economic theory of a situation within a shared-resource system where individual users acting independently according to their own self-interest behave contrary to the common good of all users by depleting that resource through their collective action . 
  the uk leaving the eu poses an existential threat to the union . 
  you can not give somebody a knockout punch in the face , and expect them to treat to you nicely afterwards . 
  the eu should do everything in its power to preserve itself , and that should be its only concern . 
  let the uk politicians worry about their country . 
  given that its main backer is now leaving the union , it has even less of a chance to go through . 
  nowhere does it say that it has to be in written form . 
  as long as cameron tells the eu orally that he intends to leave that would be good enough . 
   i googled racist incidents that have happened since the referendum , but i have n't found anything . 
  perhaps you have n't googled hard enough . 
  it is on the front page of euractiv : reports of racist unrest in post-brexit uk http://www.euractiv.com/section/uk-europe/news/reports-of-racist-unrest-in-post-brexit-uk/, 
  the only reason why your president did that is because the uk is viewed by many as the us troyan horse within the eu . 
  the uk was the strongest defender of american interests within the eu and it is bad for the us if they leave . 
   may god be with brits on their way out , but just get the fuck out . 
  well said . 
  at this point this is what in game theory is known as a zero sum game . 
  britain 's gain is eu 's loss . 
  it is in the eu 's interest to speed up this process as much as possible . 
  the eu does not owe the uk anything and there should be no solidarity . 
  the people in brussels should care most and foremost about the interests of the eu . 
  precise and concise . 
  i see nothing wrong with making money off of people 's stupidity . 
  agreed . 
  i hope the uk leave right away rather than dragging this out . 
  who would n't want to end women 's suffering ? 
  for your sake , i hope so too . 
  it is amazing what nationalism can do to countries . 
  it looks like the uk will follow the fate of yugoslavia . 
  tusk has said they want to process to be completed as soon as possible to reduce uncertainty . 
  wishful thinking . 
  actions have consequences . 
  on the contrary , the eu will survive this and will be probably stronger in the long run as a result . 
  only on the condition that the uk would remain part of the eu . 
  i hope so too . 
   wilders is n't right wing and i am an extraterrestrial from mars . 
  the euro has fallen from $ 1.14 to $ 1.10 . 
  i think the eu will survive this . 
  more like rip uk . 
  eu leaders have said that the vote will be respected . 
  i wonder how low will it go . 
  this is the lowest it has been since the 1980s . 
  it is now trading closer to $ 1.35 . 
  this would be the biggest one day fall in its history . 
  10 % of purchasing power evaporated overnight . 
  the pound has fallen from $ 1.50 to $ 1.36 within the span of a few hours . 
  more than 500,000 now . 
  it is down to $ 1.38 now . 
  that is insane . 
  [ itv news results analysis : 75 % probability of leave vote ] ( http://www.itv.com/news/story/2016-06-24/itv-news-results-analysis-75-probability-of-leave-vote/ ), 
  the pound is down at $ 1.41, 
  according to the bbc live feed leave is leading by more than a hundred thousand votes . 
  now at $ 1.43, 
  they can not find the time to pass the judicial reform and the anti-corruption law , but they pass all these useless laws .
