  the turkish state has the right to attack any terrorists that pose a threat to its national security through clandestine means if necessary even if some eu countries are determined to harbor them . 
  america has been doing this for years - and they are the eu 's closest allies . 
  the drone program is mostly limited to countries like pakistan , yemen , afghanistan . 
  but the cia rendition program did exist and took place in many eu capitals . 
  some countries like poland and sweden were actively cooperating . 
   you got new genocide on your hands are n't you exaggerating ? 
  the mhp is quite nationalistic and my original impression has been that they are violently anti-kurdish . 
  however , having watched aksener 's recent statements on the issue , while condemning the pkk , she seems to be very conciliatory towards ordinary kurds . 
  are there examples where she has made racist or inflamatory remarks against kurds ? 
   and no you ca n't assassinate people randomly in the street is n't that what the us has been doing with the assistance of european governments since 9/11 ? 
  not only have people been assassinated on the streets of europe , but they are killed by drones based on the ouput of a computer algorithm . 
  is this for real ? 
  surely this must be a joke . 
  it is funny how erdogan has transformed from one of the most bitterly anti-israeli forces in turkish society to one fo the most pro-israeil within a very short period of time . 
  i guess oil money can really do wonders . 
  any talk of `` safe zones '' reminds me of the european failure in the srebrenica massacre . 
  at the time , srebrenica was declared a safe zone and there was a dutch contingent there , but it failed to prevent the autrocity . 
  for people to take safe zones seriously , the eu needs to build a formidable army that will be able to enforce the safety of those zones . 
  the plan actually works . 
  the number of people coming in through turkey has be reduced significantly , and now most people are actually coming in through italy . 
   i guess we could try bribing some african dictator . 
  under what legal justification would you send people to a country that they have hardly anything to do with ? 
  obviously , if they are going to be sent back anywhere they need to be sent to their countries of origin . 
   also many parts of bulgaria and the surrounding countries and how exactly do you know that ? 
  have you even been to bulgaria ? 
  those eyes make it even more ominous . 
  there was a documentary by al jazeera about [ a village in the north ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gdrcbhchhlw ) recently . 
  it is really a very idyllic place . 
  from what i hear there is also a lot of israelis visiting it precisely for that reason . 
  the buffer zone has not been touched for decades . 
  it looks extremely run down . 
  aq and isis are enemies . 
   europeans can deal with pkk sympathizers looks like [ sweden is having a hard time dealing with them ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rexnfbj30o4 ) . 
   eat christian babies but that 's what my history textbook says . 
  surely , it must be true . 
  pausing the fight against climate change for another 4 to 8 years may cause the changes to become irreversible . 
  climate change poses an existential threat to all of humanity . 
  besides climate change and the refugee crisis are closely linked . 
  in the end all wars are about resources , and it could be argued that the increase violence in the middle east and africa are due to the desertification of the tropical regions and the increased scarcity of water . 
  delaying the fight against climate change would actually increase the refugee pressures on europe . 
  there are also those of us who have lived in the country for as long as it can be traced back but are not part of the main titular ethnicity of the nation . 
  that 's like cutting off your nose to spite your face . 
  if they come to power , you are likely to cause far more damage to yourself and your people , than to the so-called `` elites '' . 
  on a long enough time scale , there will always be terror attacks . 
  europe has always had terrorist attacks : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/terrorism_in_the_european_union, 
  torpedoing the visa deal only makes it harder for him to consolidate power . 
  it makes him appear like the spoiler who ruined the deal that was made by davutoglu . 
  contrary to appearance , erdogan is under immense pressure . 
  there are rumors that the akp could split in half , and opposition to erdogan within the ranks of party members is growing . 
  additionally , refugees do pose a serious socioeconomic problem to turkey . 
  without any concessions in return for keeping them all in the country , erdogan could suffer a serious drawback in the next elections . 
  i agree with that . 
  but the question is how does delaying the visa deal help him get more power ? 
   everyone and their brother in turkey knows that he says this so he can find time to first consolidate power and get the new presidential powers he wants and only then go back to the issue . 
  delaying the process does not help erdogan , on the contrary , it hurts him . 
  if anything getting the visa free travel now would be more useful to him because then he will be able to sell it as his `` achievement '' to the constitutents . 
  any delay on the other would create the impression that he has entered a one sided deal where he has made great conessions to europe by agreeing to house millions of refugees , while getting hardly anything in return . 
  and how exactly is this vote going to compel turkey ? 
  jin fact , judging from past experiences it is likely to achieve the opposite result , and make the turkish position even more intransigent . 
  the reality is that the german politicians do not care about the armenians or what happened to them . 
  the target of this vote is clearly merkel . 
  a lot of people are angry with her , and this a way to get back at her , and to torpedo her deal with turkey . 
  even russia is unable to stop the spread of wahabbism in its territory . 
  what makes you think that serbia would be successful ? 
  if your right turn is of 120 degrees rather than 90 degrees , two rights do make a left . 
   the most likely thing armenia is going to do in the event of turkish recognition is territorial claims . 
  ( most likely to former territories of the republic of armenia ) that is why armenia has repeatedly refused to clarify its position on territorial claims . 
  i 'd hate to throw cold water on your hopes , but you are unlikely to get any territories as a result of your push for genocide recognition . 
  there is no such precedent . 
  not even the very recent srebrenica genocide , which is far better documented with fresh grave sites and clear evidence , was sufficient grounds for the serbian entity to return the town of srebrenica to the muslims within the bosnian federation . 
  the town continues to be part of republika srpska with an ethnic serbian majority . 
  even if the turkish government were to recognize the historical act as a genocide , the best you could hope for is for the descendants to receive turkish citizens and be granted the right to settle back to the lands of their ancestors and live along the kurds that currently inhabit them . 
  and if you really think that armenia should get lands because they were unjustly removed from them more than a hundred years ago , it would be interesting to hear what you think should happen to the million or so azeri refugees that have been ethnically cleansed by armenians from inside and around nagorno-karabakh as recently as the 1990s . 
  do they not have the same right to their homeland , or do those rights apply only to armenians ? 
   all men were assassinated by armenians . 
  compare and contrast with the jewish approach of actually trying nazi criminals in courts of law . 
  by assassinating people without any due process , you are only turning them into martyrs , and reinforcing the vicious cycle of vengeance and violence . 
   it has always been a political issue no , it is not a political issue . 
  it is an issue of setting the historical record straight . 
  a claim is being made that a certain number of people have been killed or have perished at a certain point in history , that a crime has been committed and that it constitute an act of genocide - a legal term with very precise definition under international law . 
  that claim can be either true or false , but it is true or false irrespective of what the german parliament decides to vote . 
  you can not set the historical record through parliamentary votes . 
  what competence does a german politician , a hundred years later and hundreds of kilometers away from where the massacres took place , have in making a determination on the true nature of the events ? 
  if the intent is to seek recourse for a crime and help the victims , then the proper place would be some kind of international court where the evidence can be considered objectively by experts . 
  if the intent is merely to establish historical fact then the proper place would be the scientific literature and historical journals where there is already an abundance of publications . 
  pushing for politicians , who have very little knowledge about these events , to make determinations is not the right way to pursue this issue . 
  the job of parliaments is to pass laws , not to make judgements - that is the job of courts . 
   nato is here to protect us . 
  and turkey is an important member of nato . 
  on the one hand you claim that turkey has nothing in common with you , on the other hand you demand that they continue to protect you . 
  you ca n't have it both ways . 
  it is an interesting video but it still does not answer the main question . 
  if the roc insists on being the sole legal representative on the island , it is incumbent on it to enable all of its citizen to vote . 
  if only a symbolic number of turkish cypriots are allowed to vote , then how is this not running afoul of eu laws that prohibit discrimination based on ethnicity . 
  eu regulations are quite clear on this issue . 
   all eu citizens are entitled to :   * legal protection against direct and indirect discrimination on the grounds of race or ethnic origin in education , social security , health care and access to goods and services ;  source : http://ec.europa.eu/justice/discrimination/rights/index_en.htm i presume voting would be considered a protected category . 
  and what will replace the eu ? 
  without the eu to counterbalance the other superpowers , the continent will quickly turn into a sino-american colony . 
  without the eu you would quickly fall into the russian sphere of influence . 
  maybe you can construct your `` new '' eurasian union with putin , but it will not be an eu .
