  if these agreements are going to result in more sane intellectual property laws , i am all for it . 
  currently , the intellectual property regime in the west is broken . 
  it encourages bad practices such as rent seeking via indefinite copyright extension and patent trolling . 
  the ip laws today limit innovation rather than driving it . 
  the bottom line is that it is up to the people of those countries to determine their destiny not you . 
  you got trump and you can keep the `` fabric of your society '' , so why do you feel the need to interfere in other countries ? 
  well , that 's what they tried to do in the beginning , but it did not work . 
  when put in miserable conditions , people try to escape . 
  there were riots as people tried to flee . 
  right now the focus has shifted towards trying to integrate them and provide them with a good quality of life so that they do not have an incentive to move to europe . 
  medical services are provided , and chidren are allowed to go to school . 
  in fact the akp is now even talking about giving them citizenship , which does not go down well with many turks . 
  you have trump so enjoy him for the next four years . 
  but stop trying to spread the xenophobic ideas that propelled him to the presidencies to other countries . 
  were n't you supposed to be isolationist in the first place ? 
  besides for anybody who cares about migration i wonder how destroying the eu will actually help . 
  it will make existing problems a hundred times worse when each member state has to use its own resources to deal with the wave of refugees flooding their borders . 
  that 's why i think most of this is empty barking , i do not think turkey will follow through with its threat . 
  however , keep in mind that the only reason why the eu threat is effective is because it is credible and it has not been carried out yet , as soon as it gets carried out the eu will have no leverage on turkey . 
  what makes you think you know better than germans what is best for them ? 
  i know this gets repeated a lot here , but are there actually documented instances where people committed `` suicide '' ? 
  can you point me to any links ? 
   then we can go and create a deal from that starting position . 
  and what leverage would you then have on turkey ? 
  right now the main reason why turkey plays along is because of the massive economic benefits it derives from the customs union with the eu . 
  how exactly do you propose to keep 3 million people from going to europe ? 
  put them in concentration camps ? 
  i would much rather hear what germans have to say about that , than an american trump supporter . 
   which would ruin the entire world economy . 
  nobody is going to take that step so it 's entirely pointless threatening it . 
  the share of the us dollar as the world 's reserve currency has been decreasing steadily , a trend that will significantly accelerate now that trump is president . 
  many countries today , e.g. 
  turkey and russia , engage in trade via bilateral currency swaps rather than using the us dollar . 
  you are right that right now dumping the us dollar is quite a drastic step to take , and it may cause major damage globally , but the world is insulating itself from the dollar , and it will be more likely to take it eventually . 
   what if the usa offers italy a solution to it 's banking crisis if it chooses to leave the euro ? 
  given the high levels of debt that the usa itself is toiling under , how exactly do you think it is going to be able to bail out italy . 
  if the fed increases interest rates , the us government will have trouble paying the interest on its debt , let alone reduce the principle , and you are proposing to bail out a country the size of italy . 
  have you heard of all the municipalities and cities that have being going bankrupt in the usa . 
  has it occurred to you why that may be ? 
   it would certainly weaken the eu , i can imagine a number of other countries voting to leave if that were to happen . 
  denmark , nl , france ? 
  the eu is n't particularly popular in any of those countries anyway . 
  it is far more popular than the united states or trump . 
  if the orange freak threatens the eu , its popularity would skyrocket even in the most euro-skeptic nations . 
  the european concept of nationalism is quite different from the american one . 
  from a european point of view , the us looks more like a multi-ethnic empire than it does like a nation state . 
  i hope so . 
  but there might come a point where he forces the eu 's hand . 
   if the usa tanks then all the chinese owned debt is effectively worthless which would ruin their own economy . 
  the damage is still asymmetric . 
  the destruction of the us dollar would still do far more damage to the us than it would to china . 
  china would have economic losses , but america would be in ruins . 
  its currency would be as good as toilet paper . 
   donald trump you 're up front with the most powerful nation on earth looks like you are a little bit behind the times . 
  at purchasing power parity china is already the biggest economy in the world , and it will not be long before it overtakes the us in nominal terms . 
  your language reeks of desperation . 
  or maybe the eu can send a similar person as an ambassador the us . 
  do n't view it as the eu abandoning the us , but more like the eu hedging its alliances . 
  as the us becomes more and more unreliable , the eu has to rely more and more on china . 
  you may have helped europe once , but now your president wants to destroy it . 
  what does that make you if not an enemy ? 
  but he is the us president . 
  he does dictate the foreign relations of the us . 
  she is far more capable than trump . 
   a german europe in ww2 you topped germany because then you were on the right side of history . 
  this time you are not . 
   going forward has become impossible and what exactly is going to be stopping radical reform now ? 
  yes , it will be stronger and more federalized . 
  i just hope that bulgaria can stay inside . 
  i would hate to fall under the russian sphere of influence . 
  there is actually quite a lot the eu can do . 
  he can be declared persona non-grata . 
  if the us can have an ambassador in the eu , does n't reciprocity demand that the eu should have an ambassador in the us as well ? 
   a nationalist wants individual states to have maximum power in setting their own policies perhaps he would be kind enough to apply the same standards domestically then with us states ? 
  he has just threatened to defund any city or state that refuses to comply with his immigration policy which many sanctuary cities have challenged . 
   backward incas ( to europeans ) that is quite a supremacist way to view other cultures . 
  if the ottoman empire was anything like the spanish in latin america , you would probably be speaking turkish today . 
  at least under the ottomans you were able to preserve your language and religion . 
  lol, 
  in this context , \u0411\u0430\u043d\u044f means bathhouse , not bathroom . 
  the us and mexico are not part of the same union . 
   when you have appalling social services , the last thing you need is low cost appalling social service and how is that better than high cost appalling social services ? 
  if the services are going to be appalling anyway , it is better not to have wasted tons of money on them . 
  interestingly , today montenegro is a de facto member of the eurozone as it has [ unilaterally adopted the euro-currency ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/euro#direct_usage ) . 
  if the country joins the eu , will that status be formalized by fast-tracking the country 's entry into the eurozone , or will it have to go through the same procedures other eu members need to go through before entering the single currency ? 
  even more so now . 
  bulgaria also had its presidential inaugaration yesterday , and the new president swore on a gigantic cross . 
   going thru russia except the one going through iran and turkey . 
  since when does russia respect international law ? 
  how can a tiny region such as tansnistria rake up such a massive debt ? 
  it is interesting that two neighboring countries can be on the opposite sides of the spectrum . 
  bulgaria and greece have completely opposite debt levels . 
  as she should . 
  i wish bulgaria was on that list too . 
  nationalism is an artificial construct . 
  it was created in europe shortly after the renaissance as an alternative way to organized society in order to replace the failing model of medieval feudalism . 
   pomak is not ethnicity it just refers to the bulgarians that 's just like saying , bosnikas are not an ethnicity , they are just serbs . 
  many pomaks , just like bosniaks , would find such a statement quite offensive . 
  pomaks have faced strong persecution in bulgaria and vicious assimilation campaigns . 
  religion plays an important role in pomak culture , and in so far as the bulgarian ethnic idenity is defined by its connection with orthodox christianity , pomaks would not associate themselves with ethnic bulgarians .
