  i have attended talks by armenians like balakian , and i have seen first hand the vitriol and hatred with which he talks about turkish people . 
  we are to trust people like balakian , whose actual expertise is in literature and who has strong emotional biases , but we are to discard people like mccarthy who are actual experts on ottoman history . 
  mccarthy is a reputable scholar , and he has published in peer reviewed journals , where he is widely cited . 
  mccarthy may have made some mistakes , but that does not nullify all his work . 
   are you an armenian holocaust denier ? 
  what a loaded question . 
   also , in your estimation , would it not have been better for western armenia to secede from the ottoman empire as greece and bulgaria did instead of all the bloodshed ? 
  yes , it would have been wonderful ... for the armenians . 
  not so for the turks and kurds that lived there . 
  not that you would care for them - to you it is all about the armenians . 
  a few dead turks and kurds is an acceptable price for bigger more glorious armenia . 
   seeking equal rights are you claiming that armenians sought equal status within the ottoman empire and did not want to establish a monoethnic state ? 
   an unarmed minority you must be aware of the russian [ caucasus campaign ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/caucasus_campaign ) . 
  do you know what the composition of that army was ? 
  and , by the way , slandering respected scholars like mccarthy only reveals your own biases . 
  it does seem like homophobia is really a form of latent homosexuality . 
  in the us , many conservative republicans that have supported anti-lgbt legislation have been caught in homosexual acts . 
   i 'm not aware of government orchestrated and systematic campaigns of genocide against muslims in the balkans in the early 1900s . 
  well , then take a look at this book : [ balkan genocides : holocaust and ethnic cleansing in the twentieth century ] ( https://www.amazon.com/balkan-genocides-holocaust-cleansing-twentieth/dp/1442206640?ie=utf8&amp;*version*=1&amp;*entries*=0 ) chapter 3 begins with :  the first european genocide of the twentieth century took place during the balkan wars of 1912 - 1913 ; it is heretofore unrecognized genocide . 
  my aim is to raise awareness that genocide took place during these wars , pointing out that these wars occurred prior to the armenian genocide and may have had a causal connection with the armenian genocide . 
  the book describes how genocidal rape was widely employed as a weapon of war in the balkans . 
  during the siege of adrianople ( edirne ) , for example , it quotes a russian official saying :  what the women of adrianople have had to endure is beyond imagination . 
   outrages were committed against greek , jewish and even armenian women , despite the armenians ' devotion to the bulgarian cause . 
  naturally the worst violence was directed against the turkish women . 
  respect was shown neither for rank nor age . 
  among the women violated there were as many girls of tender years as aged women . 
  many of these girls are now actually with child . 
  and those who could afford to do so have gone away to hide their shame in remote regions . 
  many have lost their reason . 
  most keep silent about their misfortune , for reasons easy to understand . 
  i was not aware that kerosene was used to burn people . 
  your link states that it was distributed only in istanbul and the intent seems to be arson to destroy buildings . 
  but burning in general was quite common at the time , and was used against moslems as well , not only armenians . 
  it was also used in the balkan wars . 
  for example , on p. 279 of the [ carnegie report ] ( https://books.google.com/books?id=kewgaaaamaaj&amp;printsec=frontcover#v=onepage&amp;q&amp;f=false ) you can read :  the catholic priest gustave michel , superior of the mission at kukush , gave the following information to the correspondent of le temps ( july 10 ) . 
  he could testify to certain massacres perpetrated by the bulgarian bands at kurkut . 
  a bulgarian band led by donchev shut all the men of the place in the mosque , and gathered the women round it , in order to oblige them to witness the spectacle . 
  the comitadjis then threw three bombs ' at the mosque but it was not blown up ; they then set fire to it , and ** all who were shut up in it , to the number of about 700 men , were burnt alive ** . 
  those who attempted to flee were shot down by comitadjis posted round the mosque , and pere michel found human heads , arms , and legs lying about half burned in the streets . 
  at planitsa , donchev 's band committed still worse atrocities . 
  ** it first drove all the men to the mosque and burnt them alive ; it then gathered the women and burnt them in their turn in the public square . 
  ** at rayonovo a number of men and women were massacred ; the bulgarians filled a well with their corpses . 
  at kukush the moslems were massacred by the bulgarian population of the town and their mosque destroyed . 
  all the turkish soldiers who fled without arms and arrived in groups from salonica were massacred . 
  this happened in the autumn of 1912 , which is earlier than the kerosene events that you reference above . 
  are you suggesting that kerosene was systematically used to burn people ? 
  i had n't heard that one before . 
  rape was also common during the first balkan wars as was described by the [ carnegie report ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/report_of_the_international_commission_on_the_balkan_wars ) . 
  considering how acrimonious relations are at present , and especially because of the bitter war between armenia and azerbaijan , which turkey considers a `` brotherly '' nation , i do not think official recognition will happen any time soon . 
  perhaps an apology for the suffering of the people will be given , but i doubt that there will be recognition that it amounted to genocide . 
  if it was that simple , i think it would have been done long ago . 
  however , a lot of people in armenia are hoping to use the issue for reparations and territorial readjustments . 
  as far as i know , armenia does not even recognize the present borders by the treaty of kars . 
  you are right . 
  i am a [ bulgarian turk ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bulgarian_turks ) . 
  i was born here . 
  i wish bulgaria would join in and be more supportive of nato . 
  while most of the parties here nominally pretend to be pro-nato and pro-western , behind the scenes they all do russia 's bidding . 
  the state should not be allowed to discriminate on the basis of sexual orientation . 
  if they want to administer marriage , they should administer it for all . 
  well , it was a time of great turmoil in the empire . 
  it is not as if those who were not forced to migrate faired any better . 
  in fact , the ottoman empire lost a significant fraction of its population . 
  entire provinces in the east were cleansed under the advancing russian army , which had reached as far as [ trabzon , ercinzan , bitlis and van ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d5/ofensiva_turca_de_1918_en_el_caucaso.png ) . 
  a simple solution to that would be to remove marriage completely from state legislation , and let the church/mosque administer it . 
  the state should only administer civil unions regardless of people 's gender . 
  that way everybody will get civil unions , and if some want a religious marriage for some reason they can go to the church/mosque . 
  shit . 
  with all the advances in medicine , i would not be surprised if these people soon gain the ability to live even 200 years . 
  well , given that the unifying element between kurds and turks is islam , and that the akp 's ideology is islamism , it only makes sense . 
  kurds never liked the idea of a turkish republic with turkishness as its founding concept . 
  on the other hand , they were mostly fine with the ottoman empire . 
  when bulgarian soldiers took over the village where my grandparents lived during the first balkan war , they basically murdered all men that would be able to bear arms , and mostly left the women and children alive , at least in that specific village . 
  in the case of the armenians , i wonder why it was necessary to force even the women and children to march through the desert . 
   `` a dead armenian is a good armenian '' it is amazing how much nationalists of different ethnicities have in common . 
  it is also commonly used by greek and bulgarian nationalists : `` a good turk is a dead turk . '', 
  they were relocated to concentration camps where they were killed by the state . 
  a large fraction of the dead were actually people that died during the forced march due to disease , starvation , and bandits . 
  it was in a way worse than ethnic cleansing as the prospects for surviving after the long march were quite dim . 
  syria was once a french colony . 
  i presume they want to maintain their sphere of influence . 
  the american ambassador in bulgaria made a speech during the most recent gay parade in sofia . 
  i personally see nothing wrong with that . 
  that is not giving extra rights to gay people , it is just giving them the same rights that everybody else has . 
  what is a gay person to do if marriage is not allowed ? 
  stay single for the rest of their lives with no prospect for having their own family ? 
   why serbs always talk about western backing and no eastern backing for example ? 
  because they love russia . 
  in fact hey are the most pro-russian country in the balkans . 
  homophobia is quite rampant in eastern europe . 
  i would guess ukraine is no exception . 
  it would be also nice not to engage in these kinds of blanket stereotypes . 
  i know plenty of turkish people that never get angry , or know how to compose themselves at least . 
  our president is the best . 
  if they are only a citizen of germany and no other country , where would you deport them to ? 
  would you do the same with ethnic germans that also engage in hateful activity ? 
  you are crazy . 
  thank you . 
  i have actually read the annan plan , and know what 's in it . 
  so spare me your assessment of it being a `` joke '' .
