  i find it hard to accept that you are sincere about allowing them to stay . 
  besides , do you really think that ethnic turks would have been able to stay in cyprus if nikos sampson , who is known to have come to makarios with a plan to `` eliminate '' the turkish cypriots as a definitive solution to the cyprus problem , had his way ? 
  you are making it sound as if turkey invaded an eu country . 
  the cyprus problem predates the membership of the greek cypriots in the eu . 
  the eu was well aware that by accepting the country they would be importing the problem , and that is why they pushed so hard for the annan plan to be accepted prior to the membership . 
  but we all know how that went - the plan was rejected by the south and the country entered divided . 
  in fact , the eu commissioner at the time , gunter verheugen , went as far as to say he felt cheated by the greek cypriot government . 
  and what should happen to the turks on the island after enosis ? 
  the same was also said about the turkish cypriots . 
  they were considered an obstacle to enosis and a threat to the greek interests on the island . 
  some at the time , like the coup leader nikos samson , advocated for their removal in order to achieve the coveted goal of union with greece . 
  you are underestimating the dangers that the turks faced . 
  a precedent was already set on the island of crete , where the [ cretan turks inhabited the island ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cretan_turks ) prior to its annexation to greece , but were completely wiped out after it became part of greece . 
  not a single one of them remains today . 
  the same would have happened to the cypriot turks had turkey not intervened . 
   annan plan i disagree with you that the annan plan was a joke . 
  a lot of people at the time including at the highest level of the eu thought of it as a good deal . 
  the greek side rejected it because they hoped that as they become an eu member they would be able to blackmail the turkish side for better terms . 
  at the end of the day , the passage of time only strengthens the status quo , and i doubt that the next plan will be more favorable to the greeks than the annan plan was . 
  native :  a person born in a specified place or associated with a place by birth, 
  and yes any greek who has lived in india since the 4th century bc would be considered native to those lands in most books . 
  my definition would be that if you are born somewhere then you are native to that land . 
  in the end we are all native to planet earth . 
  so turkey is the bar which the eu is using to set its policies with respect to minorities ? 
  since at least the 14th century . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turks_of_romania they are concentrated in [ dobruja ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/8c/dobethn1903.png ) . 
  also in romania , especially in the dobruja district . 
  yeah , it was turkey that rejected the last attempt to reunify the island . 
  some states do not grant any official status or recognition to their minority languages . 
  bulgaria , which has a substantial population of turkish speakers , is one example . 
  they are in [ bulgaria ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bulgarian_turks ) , [ greece ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turks_of_western_thrace ) and [ romania ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turks_of_romania ) . 
  you got it wrong by an order of magnitude - it is 1.8 k/month . 
  the anatolian version of rednecks . 
  here are a few samples of the archetypal akp voters : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4t3kokjtpoe, 
  good thing he is leaving evidence for when he is charged for his anti-constitutional activities . 
  the only people that might not be able to speak it would have had to be over 70 . 
  the rest would have had to learned bulgarian in school as it was made compulsory in the 60s . 
   i can tell you there are so go ahead and name the villages then ? 
  no , there are not . 
  i am a turk from bulgaria , and i can not think of one village where people do not speak bulgarian . 
  they do use turkish in their daily lives , but they can converse in bulgarian if they have to . 
  i am from kardzhali , and i have never heard of a court case being held in turkish . 
  nor do i know of any examples of schools that are not in bulgarian . 
  you would sound more credible if you could provide specific examples . 
  i should have used `` land '' instead of `` country , but you know what i mean . 
  the turks in germany came there in the 60s , turks in bulgaria have been here since the country ( or the third reincarnation of it ) was established in 1878 . 
  turks in bulgaria have a far longer history . 
  turks in bulgaria , are an integral and indispensable component of the nation . 
  at the moment , there is no state policy to expel them , on the contrary , some that have been expelled in the past have been able to reclaim their citizenship , and return to the country . 
  as for the expulsion of the moores from spain , that happened in the middle ages . 
  one would think that europe has advanced a fair deal since then . 
  absolutely . 
  this is a distinction that many people fail to make . 
  turks in bulgaria are indigenous to the country , and they can trace back their lineage in the country for centuries going back all the way to the 15th century . 
  my father was able to get his primary education in turkish back in 50-60s , but at some point the communist regime decided to close all turkish schools , and imposed a rule that all education should be in bulgarian . 
  in fact , in my generation i hardly know anybody from the `` mixed '' regions that does not speak bulgarian . 
  even in the most remote villages the schools use bulgarian as the language of instruction . 
  as for turkish being de-facto official language , that is hardly the case . 
  municipalities and courts are operated in bulgarian , and you can not do any official business without command of the language . 
  turkish is used in people 's daily lives , and i do not see how that would constitute a problem . 
  in fact if we can say that we live in a liberal democracy , i do not see how one can be forced to speak one language over the other . 
   if they dont like the turks they can just find a pretext and remove their citizenship , what difference will it make to ban their broadcasts ? 
  turks have lived in these lands for centuries . 
  under what pretext would you remove their citizenship ? 
  i agree . 
  if the refugee flow was restricting to people who originate from countries that are genuinely at war , the flow would be reduced . 
  people from morocco , algeria , pakistan should be sent back to their countries immediately . 
  thanks for your comment . 
  i agree with everything that you have said . 
  as is erdogan . 
  before blaming turkey , consider that it is the eu pushing the country to take in more people from syria . 
  [ eu calls on turkey to let syrian refugees cross border ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-35514855 ), 
  so what is stopping other parties from taking in turks in order to get turkish votes ? 
  how many turkish names are there in gerb and bsp ? 
  if kardzhali has a 40 % bulgarian population , that means there are 60 % turks . 
  why are there no turks in the other parties ? 
  are they exclusively for bulgarians only ? 
   source ? 
  he stated it many times . 
  most recently [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zwvxgmydf2g ) . 
  he says it both in turkish and bulgarian . 
  in the interview with the turkish media , he states that he has been fined multiple times , and that he has opened a case in strasbourg . 
  he claims he has received 15 fines , 2000 lv each . 
  ataka underperformed during the last elections , but prior to that it used to get more than 10 % of the vote . 
  when bsp and dps were in power together , the country had a very pro-russian policy , especially under parvanov who was elected with the votes of bsp and the dps electorate . 
   in fact turkish participation in politics would be greater if other parties had the incentive of competing for their votes rather than giving them up due to the power of dps . 
  it is precisely the decision by other parties to exclude ethnic turks , that is leading to the encapsulation . 
  if other parties were open to ethnic minorities , people would love for them , as nobody likes the current feudal-like system that dps is promoting . 
  even in kardzhali , which is predominantly turkish , gerb and bsp have only ethnic bulgarians . 
  http://offnews.bg/news/balgariia_1/tcvetanov-kam-dps-kriete-istinata-za-smartta-na-ahmed-emin_150072.html who is to say that mestan was not threatened ? 
  dps is a mafia like organization that will not hesitate to kill and use dirty tactics to protect its corporate interests . 
   considering how often the prohibition to use them is blatantly disregarded without any sanction not without sanction . 
  mestan has been regularly fined for daring to speak in turkish . 
  if i wanted to spread propaganda , i would be doing it in turkish with people that are likely to vote for that party , and not here . 
  as for me being a `` doster '' ... 
  so far from what i have heard , i like mestan 's positions on most thing , and i am seriously considering voting for him , as i honestly can not stand dogan , and would love for him to be forever gone from the political scene in bulgaria . 
  during the last elections i voted for the reformation block because they aligned well with my political views ( more to the right ) , and were the only party that had representatives from the ethnic minorities . 
   because russian interference is minimal do you know the fellow in [ this picture ] ( http://www.vestnikataka.bg/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/dsc00144-21.jpg ) ? 
  that 's right , he is the leader of a political party represented in parliament , and he is not even hiding his obvious ties with the kremlin . 
  russia has one openly pro-russian party ( ataka ) that is not even hiding its true nature , and two others ( bsp and dps ) that are not so obvious but still back russia in key moments .
