  was that always the case though ? 
  one would expect anti-turkish sentiments to be strongest right after the founding of bulgaria , but in fact during ww1 bulgaria and turkey were allies , 30 years after the establishment of bulgaria , which would have been unthinkable had those sentiments been so strong . 
  my impression is that anti-ottomanism , and by consequence anti-turkish sentiments , grew mostly after 1944 when the close ties with russia were emphasized at the expense of turkish ties by the then communist regime . 
  since when is spreading the truth considered anti-bulgarian propaganda ? 
  ben bulgaristanl\u0131 t\u00fcrk\u00fcm yahu  do n't ever offend azis , he is our national treasure !, 
  is there even a legal way to hold such a referendum in greece ? 
  i have the distinct impression that it would violate provisions in the constitution about the indivisibility of the state . 
  presumably for such a referendum to take place , the constitution would have to be amended first , which would be an impossible task in the greek parliament . 
  as opposed to albanians who never really seem to care about religion and much more about their nationality . 
  it always surprises me how religiously diverse a tiny country like albania is , and yet it never seems to be a source of conflict there . 
   since 1955 , however , the conflict in cyprus has adversely affected the fate of the turkish minority in thrace and the greek minority in istanbul . 
  attempts by greek cypriots to break free of british colonial rule and unite with greece , so-called enosis , often resulted in bloody attacks against the minority turkish cypriot community , which numbered about 20 percent of the island 's population and opposed union with greece .22 these attacks triggered tit-for-tat countermeasures against the greek minority in istanbul . 
   ( ... )  in the post-1955 period , greek pressure against the turkish minority of thrace was , if less violent , no less deleterious . 
  land held by ethnic turks was illegally expropriated , professional licenses were denied , individuals were forced to emigrate by the unilateral revocation of their citizenship , and religious freedoms were curtailed -- in short , a general policy of discrimination against the minority was implemented . 
  by the mid-1980s , the discriminatory practices had resulted in a civil rights movement of the turkish minority led by the late dr. sad1k ahmet . 
  source : https://www.hrw.org/reports/1999/greece/greec991-03.htm, 
  well , bulgaria has a turkish minority , of which yours truly is a member  a lot of turks in bulgaria got really disillusioned with the old turkish party dps because of their close ties to state security ( ds ) and in particular to russia , and they are considering shifting support to a new party named dost which was recently registered . 
  however , some in bulgaria , especially the nationalist and pro-russian circles , view dost as part of erdogan 's neo-ottoman project and an attempt to interfere in the country 's internal affairs . 
  because of that , many are watching erdogan 's statements closely . 
  yes , most of the pomaks live in the mountains close to the bulgairan border . 
  the turks are concentrated in the planes of gyumuljina and dedeagach . 
  before the border was closed , my grandfather told me that his father used to regularly travel there to sell stuff or seek work . 
   i forgot they 've been living in peace here for all these years sure , no turks have been forced out of western thrace / s : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turks_of_western_thrace#migration the progroms in istanbul happened in the 60s during the cyprus tensions . 
  similar incidents happened against the turks in wthrace at that time . 
  well , actually western thrace was once its own independent state . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/provisional_government_of_western_thrace it even had [ a flag ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/ce/flag_of_trwt.svg/1280px-flag_of_trwt.svg.png ) . 
  bulgarian media has been fixated on erdogan recently . 
  these words are going to be like a fire in a tinderbox . 
  and besides he is the president after all , and people take what he says very seriously . 
  why do you always blame others for your own faults ? 
  you blame the brits for the disaster in western anatolia after your failed invasion , and now you blame the americans for the situation in cyprus . 
  if you had n't tried to annex cyprus and depose the legitimate president makarios and place the right-wing eoka extremist samson in his position , cyprus would still be whole and one country and the turkish intervention would have never happened . 
   calling for a referendum will only give a negative result to turkish expansionism . 
  well , if he desires a referendum in that case , it would also be hypocritical not to allow similar rights to the kurds . 
  and frankly that would be a very strong disincentive for turkey to seek such an expansionist agenda . 
   they are n't ethnically greek , just greek citizens i think the main problem in the balkans , and to a an extent in the rest of europe is that states are still very much ethno-centric . 
  the state need not define itself on the basis of a single ethnicity , and needs to be inclusive of all of its citizens regardless of ethnic origin . 
   but as far as turkey 's expansionist policy is concerned , muslim = turkish . 
  well , before erdogan and under ataturk 's worldview , turkey 's national identity was built on the concept of turkishness where religion did not play an important role . 
  it is also why kurds were so unhappy under that system because they did consider themselves a distinct ethnic group from the turks and not part of the turkish nation , although they were happy to be part of the ottoman umma . 
  erdogan seems to be trying to revive the old system where islam was the unifying element as it was during ottoman times . 
  but that in itself is also a danger to turkish nationalists , because it would dilute the turkish character of the state . 
  also the turks in bulgaria are staunchly secular , and most of the ones that were deported to turkey actually vote for the secular chp . 
  so you saw one poor old woman who could barely speak bulgarian on tv , and from there you go on to generalize that all turks in bulgaria can not speak bulgarian ? 
  how does that even make sense ? 
  i can speak bulgarian , and so do all other turks in bulgaria that i know , even my 85 year old grandfather . 
  and then you insist that you are not an anti-turkish bigot . 
  your offensive language will not phase me . 
   and yes , it was a slavery . 
  no , it was clearly not . 
  for comparison the bulgarian peasants under the ottomans had far more rights than the russian surfs at the time under their feudal system . 
  the myth of slavery is just that - a myth - it is a historical anachronism with no basis in reality . 
  insisting on it just exposes the strong anti-turkish bias that exists in the textbooks . 
  if you are so persuaded in the veracity of your own assertion then it should not be that hard to provide a simple link . 
  i bet you the news report will be out of one of those nationalistic outlets . 
  the controversy that you reference in your original statement was about the intent to drop the term `` slavery '' from history textbooks . 
  if you believe that it was a slavery , then you are quite biased . 
   when you go to rural villages in the rhodopes you wo n't be able to communicate in bulgarian . 
  lol . 
  i am from a rural village in the rhodopes , and everybody can communicate in bulgarian . 
  other than a few odd old people who were born pre-ww2 . 
  perhaps you are mistaking the fact that people speak turkish for them not speaking bulgarian . 
   there have been even news stories with people from there who ca n't hold a basic conversation in bulgarian yeah , on nationalistic tv stations like skat that are trying to whip up nationalistic frenzy . 
  almost all turks in bulgaria speak bulgarian at least on a conversational level . 
   it 's what they tried to do in romania trough the old moscow connection `` psd '' and the romanian version tsipras , `` ponta '' yeah . 
  some of the presidential candidates here are openly pro-russian puppets , and have expressed anti-eu and anti-nato views . 
  many have ties to ds ( state security ) which was basically an extension of the kgb . 
  the current president , plevneliev , who is quite decent was not sponsored for a second term by his own party , for his `` hostile '' positions against russia . 
  because of its proximity , the lands which are now part of bulgaira , had a significant turkish and muslim population . 
  except for a few compact areas , most them were ethnically cleansed during the first balkan war . 
   more interesting is that a big portion of them ca n't even speak bulgarian . 
  man , you truly are the typical ataka or nfsb supporter , are n't you ? 
  how many turks do you know in bulgaria to make such stupid generalizations ? 
  since secondary education is compulsory in bugaria , everybody speaks bulgarians . 
  even the ones in the most remote vilages can speak bulgarian . 
  education in turkish was abolished around the 60s and since then everybody has been forced to study in bulgarian . 
  the claim that they can not speak bulgarian is absurd , and just reveals your own ignorance and chauvinistic bigotry . 
   i do n't hate modern day turks ( many bulgarians do ) . 
  i do n't believe in the dogma of the sons carrying the sins of their father . 
  i am rather indifferent to turkey . 
  it 's a place i do n't want to visit and with that ends my interest . 
  lol . 
  and you consider yourself unbiased ? 
   and do n't try to presume that you know shit about our history classes . 
  in the last years there were many tries to include turkish propaganda in our texts . 
  these sentences alone expose you as a nationalist bigot . 
  as someone who 's gone through the bulgarian educational system , i can tell you that the history books are full of half-true historical myths , and they encourage rampant hatred towards turks . 
  the books still continue to refer to the ottoman period as `` slavery '' even though the experience was nothing like what the african americans went through . 
  how many bulgarians were forced to work in cotton fields without any compensation and were the exclusive property of their slave owners ? 
  to call the bulgarian experience a slavery was an offense to all the people around the world who were actually real slaves . 
   it even tried to start a joint security black sea mission with bulgaria which the later refused . 
  and turkey . 
  bulgaria refused because of the strong pro-russia lobby that exists in the country , which is quite unfortunate . 
  the abadi government has far bigger problems than a few hundred turkish soldiers . 
  huge swaths of their territories are controlled by isis . 
  turkish troop presence in iraq is authorized by the krg which represents the kurds in the north and with which turkey has good relations . 
   https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/siktir https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/sik#turkish well , in turkish the word refers to the male genitals . 
   sikandar the first three letters of that word in turkish do have a quite vulgar meaning . 
  is n't that what the arab an persian world use ? 
  do you exclude yourself from the balkans ?
