  obviously you are misinformed , \u0413-\u043d '' \u043c\u043d\u043e\u0433\u043e\u0437\u043d\u0430\u0439\u043a\u043e '' . 
  next time read the actual text of the annan plan , not some propaganda website . 
  part iii , article 12 :  competences and functions of the { common state } :  g. cypriot citizenship ( including issuance of passports ) and immigration ( including asylum , ** deportation and extradition of aliens ** ) ; attachment 5 : law on aliens , immigration and asylum  article 1 general provisions  this law prescribes the conditions for residency , immigration and asylum , in accordance with the terms of the foundation agreement , the constitution and international and european union standards . 
   article 2 entry and residency rights of greek and turkish nationals  1 . 
  cyprus shall grant equal treatment to greek and turkish nationals with respect to entry and residency rights to the extent permissible under european union law and the conditions of accession of cyprus to the european union . 
  the aliens board shall not authorise further immigration of greek nationals if the number of permanently resident greek nationals has reached 10 % of the number of resident cypriot citizens who hold the internal { component state } citizenship status of the greek cypriot { component state } ** nor shall it authorize further immigration of turkish nationals if the number of permanently resident turkish nationals has reached 10 % of the number of resident cypriot citizens who hold the internal { component state } citizenship status of the turkish cypriot { component state } ** . 
  for the purpose of this article , persons who are citizens of both cyprus and greece or turkey shall be counted as citizens of cyprus only . 
  upon entry into force of the foundation agreement , the aliens board shall authorize the { component states } to grant permanent residency rights to nationals of greece and turkey up to the level agreed in the previous paragraph . 
  so much for your nonsense that the all of the settlers would have been allowed to stay and there is no way to deport them . 
  your solution is truly democratic , and it was already tried . 
  guess who rejected it ? 
  if it was as innocent as you say , then there would be at least one turkish cypriot within your governance structure . 
  but there is none - nada , zero , zilch . 
  bulgaria has turks in its parliament , turkey has kurds , romania has hungarians , even greece has one turk last time i checked , but you have no turks in yours even though you claim to represent them . 
  at least try to put one token turkish cypriot to lend credence to your argument . 
  right now its just too obvious that you are a state for the greek cypriots by the greek cypriots only . 
  but you do n't want to admit that because it would damage your international reputation . 
   cyprus is invaded . 
  do you even know why turkey intervened in cyprus ? 
  here is a [ hint ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/treaty_of_guarantee_%281960%29 ) . 
   this is about the settlers . 
  allowing the north to vote would be legitimizing the foreign population . 
  about a 100,000 turkish cypriots in the north are citizens of the republic of cyprus . 
  they are indigenous , not foreign settlers . 
  what will be the faith of the settlers ? 
  that will be a part of a comprehensive settlement obviously . 
  that 's just pure nonsense . 
  i just posted a link which clearly shows that at least 150 tcs have been denied the right to vote in the south for spurious reasons , and you keep regurgitating the same old propaganda that people do n't want to vote . 
  well 150 people wanted to vote , but they were denied . 
  you can come up with any lame excuses as to why they were denied , but for any reasonable person that is just a policy of disenfranchisement . 
  http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/turkish-cypriots-angry-over-eu-vote-in-greek-cyprus.aspx?pageid=238&amp;nid=66971&amp;newscatid=351 http://aa.com.tr/en/world/turkish-cypriots-fail-to-vote-in-european-elections/156690 http://www.euractiv.com/section/eu-priorities-2020/news/turkish-cypriots-in-bid-to-grab-eu-parliament-seats/, 
  you are contradicting yourself . 
  on the one hand you are stating that there are no obstacles and people are allowed to vote , and on the other you are claiming that it is standard procedure to deny people the right to vote , and you claim that it happens on the uk often , which is obviously not true . 
  the clearest indication of the disenfranchisement is the lack of any turkish cypriot representation in your governance structure . 
  this would be like south africa having an all white government , and claiming there is no obstacle for black people to vote . 
  it is ridiculous . 
  they are not able to vote because you are actively creating obstacles for them , not because they do n't want to . 
  how many greek cypriots have been turned down from voting because of such reasons ? 
  the fact remains that not a single turkish cypriots is in your parliament or the eu parliament . 
  that is the clearest indication of your policy of disenfranchisement against turkish cypriots . 
  you seem to have a hard time understanding a very simple concept . 
  a representative democracy that is an eu member state should not be allowed to discriminate people on the basis of ethnicity when determining who is allowed to vote and who not . 
  this is not about the settlers , this is about people that have acquired citizenship in the south , and are currently facing difficulties in participating in elections either as voters or representatives . 
   they are allowed to vote , and to stand for election , the fact the a very small number of them cares to turn up to vote does not mean that they do not have the right . 
  this is clearly false . 
  tc are very enthusiastic about the eu , and a large number of them would be interested to vote and participate in the elections for eu parliament . 
  however , a large number of them have been turned down for arbitrary and made up reasons . 
  [ turkish cypriots angry over eu vote in greek cyprus ] ( http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/turkish-cypriots-angry-over-eu-vote-in-greek-cyprus.aspx?pageid=238&amp;nid=66971&amp;newscatid=351 )  they are not taken by greek cypriots , they remain vacant ever since 1963 when the then tc 's mps left them . 
  so if you are the legitimate government , which you claim to be , is n't it your responsibility to ensure they are filled by enabling turkish cypriots to vote and participate in the elections ? 
  why are you refusing to fulfill your own constitutional obligations ? 
  you are just regurgitating the talking points of the pro-greek camp . 
  none of what you 've said even addressed my original point which is that the government in the south does not represent the turkish cypriots in the north . 
  you can go on and on about what is fair and what is not fair , but the fact remains that no turk is a member of the cypriot parliament , and there a severe limitations on the ability to vote . 
  that is a fact . 
  the government is actively disenfranchising turkish cypriots . 
  even if we assume , for the sake of argument , that everything you say is correct , how is it the fault of turkish cypriots that the north is occupied ? 
  why should their rights be held hostage pending a resolution of the problem ? 
  should people be denied the right to vote and run for office based on their ethnicity in the european union ? 
  there is no legitimacy without representation . 
  all governments derive their democratic legitimacy from the people they represent . 
  currently the government in the south is merely a greek cypriot entity that represents the interests of greek cypriots alone . 
  anybody who denies that is delusional . 
  i am sure you would prefer a unitary state , or even union with greece . 
  i would guess the compromise solution would be a bizonal bicomunal federation . 
  do n't put words in my mouth . 
  i am not in favor of any militarism , and i support a peaceful solution the cyprus problem where the rights of both sides will be respected to the maximum extent possible . 
  and let 's not forget who supported and who rejected the latest peace plan . 
  it is clear that the more the eu gives into the greek cypriot demands , the more it encourages their intransigence . 
  do you not see the paradox in claiming to be a legitimate government while at the same time denying your citizens political representation ? 
  you can not have it both ways . 
  if there was a confederation , they would even get extra seats or another house with equal represention . 
  you are wrong on both counts . 
  there are a total of 80 seats in the cypriot house of representatives - 56 for gc and 24 for tc . 
  the seats allocated for tc are currently vacant as a quick glance on wikipedia would tell you . 
  as for the european parliament , the total number of seats is equal to 6 , and is based on a eu council decision adopted in 2004 . 
  all of them are currently occupied by gcs , even though statistically two should belong to tcs . 
   turkish cypriots are an ethnic minority in cyprus . 
  turkish cypriots were never merely an ethnic minority . 
  even before the turkish intervention of 1974 they enjoyed special status under the treaty of guarantees which was put in place after the island gained its independence from the british empire . 
   an illegitmate state on par with transnistria moldova allows the people in transnistria to vote in its elections , and therefore can legitimately claim to represent those people . 
  on the other hand , the cypriot administration in the south is exclusively composed of greek cypriots , and the seats allocated to turkish cypriots remain vacant , and turkish cypriots are not allowed to vote . 
  you can not claim legitimacy while avoiding the responsibilities towards the citizens you claim to represent . 
  you have missed the point of my comment . 
  i never talked about the un , but about why turkey will never recognize the south . 
  we all know the position of the un . 
  however , the south currently finds itself in a very delicate situation . 
  on the one hand it pretends to be the sole representative of the island , but on the other hand it denies representation to the turkish cypriots whose seats in the cypriot parliament remain vacant . 
  additionally , even though the amount of seats in the eu parliament are allocated according to the total population of the island , turkish cypriots are currently unable to vote in european elections and those seats are wholly occupied by greek cypriots . 
  i am all for arming the ukrainian army . 
  russia should be taught a lesson that it can not unilaterally change borders and annex territories . 
  without a comprehensive solution , there is simply no way for turkey to recognize southern cyprus as the sole legitimate government on the island . 
  the official turkish position is that northern cyprus is an independent state . 
  recognition of the south would require derecognition of the north . 
  if the greek cypriot demand was to recognize them for what they are , namely an administration whose sovereignty only extends to the southern portion of the island , then turkey would have no problem extending recognition - in fact i think that is what the current official attitude of turkey is . 
  on the other hand , the eu currently treats the greek cypriots as the only government , even though it can not be said that they represent turkish cypriots as only a symbolic number of them is allowed to vote and the turkish cypriot seats in parliament remain vacant . 
  for turkey to recognize that the administration in the south is the sole legitimate government and that it has sovereignty over the entire island - that would not be possible under the present circumstances . 
  it would effectively mean complete capitulation of turkish policy on the island , and a return to a unitary state dominated by the greeks cypriots in which the turkish cypriots are simply a minority . 
  without mccain 's visit , bulgaria would have almost certainly allowed south stream . 
  the pro-russian lobby in bulgaria is really powerful . 
   with public money pomaks and other religious minorities in greece also pay tax , so they should be entitled to their share of the public money .
