  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ojrgc8pmqu8&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=9m19s not very islamic . 
  lol, 
   good , no more ninja outfits . 
  the way the law is formulated right now it says you are not allowed to conceal your face . 
  so is this going to apply to wedding veils ? 
  sunglasses ? 
  he used to be the bodyguard of the communist dictator . 
  all five of them . 
  full face covering is almost unheard of in bulgaria . 
  this is just blowing a non-existent issue out of proportion in order to deflect attention from the failure of the government to pass judicial and anti-corruption reforms . 
  that money is intended for the refugees , not as a bribe to erdogan . 
  i doubt that it will be a factor in his decision . 
   half a decade ago you mean half a century . 
  the pride parade was one of those events which could be used to showcase turkey as a tolerant and open minided muslim country , at least when it comes to the rights of sexual minorities . 
  to shut it down because of the threats of some butthurt nationalists would be the stupidest thing to do . 
  i hope the organizers do n't give in to these threats . 
  in bulgarian history books , the second balkan war is portrayed as a national catastrophe . 
  if being occupied by russia means being an ally , sure . 
  well , bulgaria and turkey were allies during the first world war . 
  i do n't see why not . 
  right . 
  i meant the second balkan war . 
  have you forgotten the [ first balkan war ] ( http://www.promacedonia.org/en/carnegie/12.jpg ) ? 
  greeks and bulgarians were bitter enemies then . 
  the relationship between erdogan and putin is only beneficial to them and their personal dictatorial aspirations alone , not to their countries and peoples . 
  turkish nationalists are not too fond of her already . 
  see her previous statements and views on the pkk for instance . 
  on 2 april 2004 , the council of the european union added the pkk to its list of terrorist organizations, 
  is n't it better and more consistent to just scap the law that erdogan used , rather than arbitrarily enforcing it . 
  after all erdogan 's prosecution was legal under the laws of germany . 
  has n't germany been burning a lot of coal too since they decommissioned their nuclear reactors ? 
  he seems like a trump supporter . 
   the mexican trash will be thrown in the dumpster soon enough . 
  is this kind of language even allowed on / r/europe ? 
  you do sound like a white supremacist . 
  by nationalism , in the balkans , one understands the concept of ethnic nationalism . 
  it is outdated because it is based on segregation and promotes the ghettoization of the world into terrtories populated by one ethnicity exclusively . 
  all trends point towards us moving to a unified globalized world , and you are proposing that we regress to the model of the last century . 
  i think the united states is not a failure , on the contrary , i think it is a model that should be emulated . 
   ottoman colonizers that 's ridiculous . 
  we 've been in the balkans since the 14th century . 
  that 's longer than your country has existed as a country . 
  but in any case , i am curious to hear what your solution to ethnic minorities would be ? 
  in your future of , god-forbid , monoethnic nation states , how do you propose one should treat ethnic minorities ? 
  what will happen to the hungarians in romania , albanians in greece , kurds in turkey , us turks in bulgaria , tatars in russia , mexicans in the usa ? 
  nationalism is the outdated notion that a certain ethnic group should have an exclusive dominion over a certain territory . 
  that can not be the future . 
  the future is states like the united states which are melting pots of different ethnicities and races . 
   south stream very bad , turkish stream marvellous , right !, 
  i never supported turkstream , nor did i support the various south and north reincarnations . 
  putin should be emargod until he withdraws his little green men from eastern ukraine and crimea . 
   do n't think that we should be firmly embedded anywhere - eu , nato , russia , ussr , us or the galactic empire . 
  well , too bad bulgaria is already a full eu and nato member . 
  when you are in an alliance and you enjoy the benefits from being in that alliance , you need to behave as a member and refrain from backstabbing your partners by cooperating with their enemies . 
  bulgaria is an eu and nato member state , and should behave as such . 
  and the whole notion that bulgaria can be fully independent outside these alliances is ludicrous . 
  without the nato security guarantees , and the economic aid from the eu , it would quickly turn into a russian colony yet again as was the case before 1989 . 
  the national interests of bulgaria are about being firmly embedded within the european union , and in nato . 
  russia , through its hybrid warfare is trying to destroy the eu as our president eloquently described in his speech this week . 
  if people like you had their say , bulgaria would quickly return to the russian sphere of influence . 
  well , given that i am an ethnic turk it is only natural for me to harbor at least some sympathies towards turkey . 
  but i never understood people like you . 
  even when it is clear that the national interest of bulgaria lies with the western alliance , you still choose to defend the interests of russia , rather than those of your own country . 
  and what are yours ? 
  you ca n't stand any action be taken against your beloved mother russia ? 
  have you ever lived under the russian sphere of influence ? 
  as someone who has , rest assured , you would n't want to . 
  sure , poland and romania are all in this because they deeply care about turkey and are supportive of it . 
  no massacre is justified . 
  the point is that there were armenians actively fighting in and contributing to the invading russian forces . 
  you can make distinctions between turkish and russian armenians , eastern and western , good and evil , whatever , but the fact is that large numbers of armenians were actually fighting . 
  so statements like `` the ottoman empire massacred unarmed peaceful armenians '' are not semantically universally correct . 
   `` sources . '', 
  please show me where there were 150,000 armenians volunteers between 1915 and 1917 ( during the armenian holocaust ) . 
  i got the number off of wikipedia . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/caucasus_campaign#russia  sponsored by a government that spends millions of dollars denying the existence of an event those are allegations . 
  what are the sources ? 
  armenians are quite well organized in the us , and they also spent millions on their own narrative . 
   armenian holocaust denier whatever floats your boat i guess . 
  though i do get confused by the frequent interchange of holocaust and genocide that you engage in . 
   did armenians plan and/or execute mass killings of kurds and turks . 
  so according to you no turks and kurds died during the russian invasion of eastern anatolia ? 
  it is hard to live somewhere , when you are being killed and massacred , is n't it ? 
  besides modern armenia is not the best example of a tolerant and multicultural country . 
  remind me again how many azeri turks live in areas controlled by armenia today ? 
   funny that a turk cares about kurds all of a sudden and why should n't turks care about kurds ? 
  nice generalization there . 
   i 'd never heard that generation speak ill of their former turkish neighbors . 
  i am a turk from bulgaria , and there are quite a lot of armenians around here too . 
  some of my childhood friends and neighbors were armenians . 
  they were all very nice people . 
  but that does not mean that turks should accept blanket generalization and lies . 
   armenians simply wanted equal rights and the ability to maintain their populace on their ancestral lands as the indigenous people of those lands without the eventual and slow demographic annihilation being wrought by successive turkish governments . 
  well , i am all for armenians being allowed to return and live in their ancestral lands as equals , but they have to do so as turkish citizens under the sovereignty of the turkish republic . 
  turkey will never give up its land or territory . 
   russian citizens presumably you mean russian subjects , as russia was not a republic at that time , but an empire . 
   there were armenian volunteers if that 's what you 're getting at . 
  in fact there were a at least 150,000 of them according to sources . 
  quite a significant army , do n't you think ? 
  as for mccarthy , you are essentially asserting that because he is associated with turks , that therefore he has no credibility and should not be trusted .
