  i highly doubt that . 
  the foundations of the eu are quite sound , and i am confident that it will be around in 20 years . 
  but one thing is for sure - erdogan will not be here in 20 years . 
  how old is he now anyway ? 
  out of curiosity what party do they generally vote for ? 
  given the large number of turkish cypriots with eu nationality , does n't that have a significant effect on the elections in the south ? 
  i thought the turkish cypriots seats in parliament remained vacant . 
  now that the bundestag is intent on showings itself as an expert on historical matters relating to genocide with their vote on recognizing the armenian one , perhaps they should also consider the cirassians ? 
  are turkish cypriots allowed to participate in these elections ? 
  it is unfortunate that the genocide debate is being politicized to such a high degree by eu countries that are intent to use it whenver they have disagreements with the leadership in turkey . 
  if turkey had agreed to implement the demands on the anti-terror law , would germany still insist on pushing for this resolution ? 
  the debate is turning from one of historical objectivity to one of political expediency . 
   the difference is they were n't murdered en masse in a program of extermination they died as a result of population movements that is exactly what some turkish historians claim about the armenian genocide . 
   either we listen to science or list to the big money monsanto is spending in order to shove its product down our throats . 
  courts are simply implementing existing laws . 
  if you do not like it , then change the law , but do not criticize the courts for doing their job . 
  that does not mean that what i am saying is wrong . 
  the ottoman empire was far more tolerant than the spanish empire ever was . 
  if criticism is merited it should be by somebody who has the moral standing to make it . 
  lol . 
  coming from a spaniard that is a bit funny . 
  at least most people under turkish colonial rule preserved their language and religion . 
  on the other hand the language and religions of the indigenous populations of latin america were completely wiped out by your empire . 
  besides the iberian peninsula once had a diverse jewish and moore population which were also wiped out . 
  in fact most of the [ jews that were expelled settled in the ottoman empire ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_the_jews_in_the_ottoman_empire#influx_of_sephardi_jews_from_iberia ) . 
  croatia is soon going to close that strip with a bridge . 
  [ balkans ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/cf/balkan_peninsula_line.jpg ), 
  honor killings are unheard of among ethnic turks . 
  they are mostly practiced in the southeast or among people that have immigrated from that region . 
  i think it is a far bigger problem in turkey . 
  and i say this as a bulgarian turk . 
  visiting turkey with my sister and walking on the street with her was an uncomfortable experience for me - i would have had to watch out for her - as random strangers would walk around and make rude remarks . 
  there is a common misconception that women that do not cover themselves and dress in a western way do so because they seek sex . 
   their sphere of influence fortunately for us , that ended after 1989 . 
  it also exists in bulgarian . 
  given the arbitrary way in which russia seems to ban other countries , perhaps it is time for them to be kicked out of the wto . 
  erdogan just called for greater nato presence in the black sea in order to prevent it from becoming a `` russian lake '' . 
  i am not ok with dictatorships . 
  to say that erdogan he is a dictator is a bit extreme . 
  after all he was elected with 49.5 % of the popular vote . 
  he has autocratic tendencies and an abysmal record on freedom of speech , but he is not a dictator ... yet . 
  i have faith that the turkish people will not allow him to reach his goal of a presidential republic . 
  then do n't . 
  you are welcome to leave nato . 
  with every passing day he seems to be losing his mind more and more . 
  let 's hope it is a sign that his grip on power is weakening and that he will soon lose the support of his base . 
  you are underestimating the importance of the straits to russia . 
  they would eclipse most of the current conflicts in importance . 
  given the perilous and vulnerable situation in which estonia finds itself with respect to russia , one would assume that you would refrain from antagonizing countries that guard the southern flank of nato against russia . 
  it is really not a question of whether turkey should be kicked out of nato , it is a question of whether nato could exist in eastern europe without turkey . 
  by wanting turkey out , you are endangering the very existence of the alliance that protects your tiny nation from the big bear to the east . 
  how many of america 's allies in the middle east are beacons of democracy ? 
  surely respecting other people 's cultural heritage is equivalent to living under sharia law . 
  in most cases those are not the town 's earlier names . 
  mestanli which is a predominantly turkish town , for example , has been renamed to momchilgrad , after momchil - a voyvoda that fought the turks . 
   now everything is sunni-turkish . 
  [ distribution of alevi population in turkey . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alevism#/media/file:alevis.png ), 
   yes . 
  istanbul is a greek phrase , just turcified . 
  [ give me a word , and i will show you how the root of that word is greek . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vl9whwwtk6i ), 
  this is what [ plovdiv ] ( http://www.oahb.org/wp-content/uploads/2009/05/8959-1900s480xz11.jpg ) used to look like more than a hundred years ago . 
  hardly any of those minarets remain standing today . 
  also a lot of the [ turkish names of the cities and villages ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bulgarian_turks#turkish_names_of_cities.2c_towns.2c_villages_and_geographical_locations ) were change even in places that still had predominantly turkish populations . 
  if the visa deal with europe collapses because of erdogan 's ego , then i do not think he will last for much longer . 
  most of ordinary turks strongly support visa liberalization . 
   at the worst the regime will just hold the territories it holds now . 
  exactly . 
  he will not be able to claim all of syria , at best he can continue to hold over the alawite heartland . 
  after all the barrel bombs and the bloodshed , i do not see him ruling over the sunni population ever again . 
  you mean like andranik ? 
  is the greek police deliberately arresting only the foreigners ? 
  it is not like you are not illegally occupying a territory of your neighbor either . 
  assad will not win in syria . 
  does n't that mean reflection ? 
  i see you are regurgitating rt propaganda quite well . 
  professing the muslim faith does not make one equal to al qaida , and most of the turkmens in syria have nothing to do with that organization . 
  supporting the indiscriminate russian bombing of turkmen villages in syria amounts to supporting collective punishment . 
  there is a maritime border dispute in the aegean , and the borders are still yet to be determined by an international court . 
  the turkish-syrian border on the other hand is clearly recognized as a nato border which russia is not supposed to cross . 
  it is interesting how the bully in moscow is never blamed , and the victims are the ones required to put up with the bullying in order not to provoke a `` nuclear war '' . 
  if russia does not want its jets downed , all it has to do is not violate its neighbors borders . 
   why the fuck ca n't germany , the netherlands , austria , france , etc strip their turkish citizens ' ability to vote in turkey 's elections ? 
  your country is the biggest champion of democracy around the world , and you are advocating for people 's voting rights to be stripped away ? 
  how democratic of you . 
  are they allowed to vote anywhere , or just in the turkish embassy ? 
  only if you are not their victim . 
  actually , you can cross with your national id through serbia . 
  on my way driving to bulgaria , i was able to pass only with my id . 
  and serbia is not part of the eu . 
  i would put face in quotation marks . 
  cause we are not going to leave our land to assholes like you . 
  they are not foreigners . 
  they are bulgarian citizens . 
  they are not in turkey because of their own free will , they were forcefully expelled from bulgaria during the 80s under the zhivkov regime . 
  dps should more correctly be classified as a russian pro-kremlin party . 
  for her it is ok for putin to abuse women as long as he is not muslim . 
  yes , we all know about reshetnikov . 
  mestan actaully asked about this in the bulgarian parliament , and you can tell how nervous ninova was by the way her voice was trembling : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=69krfsihmec she basically picked the current president based on instructions that she received from moscow .
