  in times of peril , people tend to unite around their leader whether they like him or not . 
  after 9/11 bush 's ratings skyrocketed even though he was despised by many before that . 
   and they were branded as terrorists by erdogan . 
  that is an opinion shared by the eu and the us . 
  what else would you call an organization which plants and detonates bombs across turkish cities ? 
  so more than two non-consecutive terms are ok ? 
   islam is one of the most homophobic belief systems in existence . 
  really ? 
   and if a man lie with mankind , as with womankind , both of them have committed abomination : they shall surely be put to death ; their blood shall be upon them . 
  the above passage is not from the quran , it is from the bible . 
  [ leviticus 20:13 ] ( https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=leviticus+20%3a13&amp;version=asv ), 
  are there term limits in france ? 
  nobody is forcing you to change your diet . 
  but why do you insist on denying others the option not to eat pork ? 
  in that case the turkish reaction seems even more irrational . 
  most people in turkey see the pkk the same way people in the west see al qaeda , and that is not limited to only akp fans . 
  imagine the outrage if some people in turkey organized a protest in support of al qaeda after a major terrorist attack in the west . 
  having said that , i do n't think withdrawing the ambassador is warranted under the given circumstances . 
  the right to protest is a guaranteed right under freedom of assembly and freedom of speech . 
  the westphalian concept of the nation state as a form of social organization is obsolete . 
  the building on the picture is the [ fethiye mosque ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fethiye_mosque_\\ ( athens \\ ) ) in athens , which was constructed in the 17th century and used to be a functioning mosque during ottoman times . 
  it ceased being used as a mosque after the greek war of independence of the 19th century and its minaret was torn down around the same time . 
  i suppose it depends on the jurisprudence . 
  where i am from wild boar game is common , and muslims do eat them after hunting . 
  i meant in the sense that they could be eaten by religious muslims . 
  wild hogs are allowed i think . 
  strong pressure by the russian embassy and the former communist party which is still the second strongest in parliament . 
  how did bulgarian troops get there without romanian consent ? 
  yugoslavia was non-aligned at the time . 
  and why would removing erdogan make things any better ? 
  most turkish citizens would probably prefer that he complete his full mandate . 
  do n't forget that the akp has a significant kurdish constituency that regularly votes for him . 
   these bombings will only continue so long as his regime continues why ? 
  is the symbol on the left , the symbol of the gypsies ? 
  vice did a documentary on them recently : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7bh21w2r0hc, 
  it seems that conspiracy theories are only acceptable when they are targetting the enemies of the west . 
  it is ok to accuse putin and erdogan of bombing and killing their own people to gain more power , but as soon as one casts but a shadow of a doubt to the official story about 9/11 , one immediately becomes a crazy conspiratard . 
  why is it more economical to have one big turbine rather than multiple smaller ones ? 
  you seem to know nothing about turkey . 
  your post is full of misconceptions . 
  the kemalists and the secularists stood firmly behind erdogan during and after the coup . 
  in fact many of them are returning to the positions that they had lost when erdogan was allied with the gulenists . 
  the current purge , if it remains limited to gulenists , will be welcomed by the kemalists . 
  and in this worldview that you are trying to paint , assad is actually a good guy ? 
  if i remember correctly , they threatened to veto the accession of all eastern european countries . 
   there has n't been any such position expressed officially from within the eu . 
  except for g\u00fcnter verheugen , the enlargement commissioner of the time . 
   i personally feel that i have been cheated by the government of the republic of cyprus , '' he told meps in strasbourg . 
  verheugen said that the decision in 1999 not to make a solution to the cyprus conflict a prerequisite for cypriot accession to the eu , was `` on the understanding that the government of cyprus would do everything in its power to resolve the problem . '', 
  source : http://www.dw.com/en/verheugen-feels-cheated-by-greek-cypriot-government/a-1176506, 
  turkey has no such obligation , nor does any other country . 
  guarding its own borders is the exclusive prerogative of the eu and nobody else . 
  besides these people did not seek proper authorization to enter turkey , why would they seek one to leave it ? 
   sent back the rest to turkey most of these people are not turkish citizens . 
  why should turkey accept them ? 
  seriously . 
  what 's going on with vucic 's lip ? 
  first , the came for the burkhas , and i did nothing . 
  then they came for the burkinis , and i did nothing . 
  and then they came for me . 
   g\u00fcnter the turkish version is g\u00fcnder . 
  dagesta is a part of the russian federation . 
  therefore he is a russian national but not an ethnic russian . 
   he wages war on the kurds to boost his popularity . 
  yes , that was a quite sick move . 
  he consciously destabilized the situation in order to coax people to vote for him . 
  however , a successful coup would have been even worse for the kurds , especially judging from what happened during the previous ones . 
  was it even a realistic possibility before ? 
  if you are going to use something as an incentive it has to look credible . 
  it is sad how little leverage europe has left over turkey . 
  this report was not about isis , it was about hamas . 
  i find it really strange that turks in the west are some of the most ardent erdogan supporters . 
   a successful coup would have been the lesser of two evils it would have been the lesser of two evils for you , not the turkish people . 
  i for one am happy that the coup has failed . 
  if it had succeed , the damage to turkish democracy would have taken decades to repair . 
  if erdogan is to be removed , it has to be done by a decision of the turkish people , not by a small group of people whose loyalties are unclear . 
  after the coup erdogan seems to have moderated his islamist views . 
  he is trying to mend his ties wit the secularists now . 
  beside he just submitted the israel deal for approval in parliament . 
  the german media is trying to portray him as a hamas supporter at a time when he is actively working to fix ties with israel . 
  he is a russian citizen and he is indigenous to the land where he is from . 
  what should he be referred to as ? 
  this was not a normative statement whether the actions were right or wrong , but simply a positive statement about what is . 
  erdogan is simply responding to what he perceives is greece sheltering the coup plotters . 
  i doubt it . 
  if you look at the timeline , it is more likely because greece chose not to extradite the pilots that participated in the coup and that escaped to its territory . 
  erdogan is taking measures against anyone who is seen as sheltering the coup plotters . 
  well , at least according to this survey , bulgaria is clearly a better innovator than you . 
   most patriotic people , yet they have so amazingly little to be proud of . 
  ah , the european ubermensch has spoken again . 
  only the superior europeans can be proud and everybody else must know their place . 
  if the age of consent is 18 , then it is implied that anybody younger than that would not be able to grant consent , and therefore the sexual acts will continue to qualify as statutory rape . 
  however , cases where the person is older than 12 will no longer be considered child abuse , which carries very stiff penalty . 
  the age of consent remains at 18 in turkey - in fact that is one of the highest in europe ( it is 14 in portugal ) . 
  the change is not really about lowering the age of consent but about how to prosecute cases where minors engage in sexual acts - whether to treat them as child abuse or statutory rape . 
  i would translate it as `` close to god '' . 
  allah simply means god in arabic , and christian arabs also refer to god as allah in their language . 
  in fact , jesus , in his native language , aramic , also referred to god as alaha . 
  in bulgarian means `` god feed the king ! '', 
  rather than the intended `` god save the king !,
