  radical islam and the burqa are non-issues in bulgaria , and the present coalition between gerb and the far are using them to distract attention from their own utter failure to pass meaningful reform that the country needs so desperately . 
  there are perhaps less than 50 people in bulgaria that wear the burqa , and there is a single radial mosque in pazardzhik which is funded by saudi arabia . 
  these people can be addressed on an individual basis by the state security services under the existing legal framework , rather than wasting the resource of the entire parliament to pass useless laws . 
  islamists also do n't attack randomly . 
  typically they target `` decadent '' people . 
  they target venues where alcohol is served , concerts where music is played , homosexuals , etc. 
  is n't canada part of the nafta project ? 
   turks called it `` infidel smyrna '' they still do . 
  politically it is considered the bastion of the secularists . 
  also do n't forget the [ gagauz ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gagauz_people ) . 
  it burns down through flesh , and pouring water on it makes it only worse . 
  it should n't be too hard to do with homo erdoganicus . 
  his devotion to the dear leader knows no bounds . 
  it forces people to be devided into two clear distinct gender roles . 
  trans people are considered to have transitioned to the opposite gender and do not violate any sexual stereotypes and cultural norms . 
  gays people , on the other hand , do not fit these norms . 
  poland - the taliban of europe . 
   workforce immigration should ideally have people working just as they land . 
  incidentally this is the kind of immigration that is worst for the country of origin . 
  that country shoulders the cost of educating and training the person , and instead of staying and contributing back to the country , that person leaves and work in a completely different place that gets all that for free . 
  to be honest , i do not think this kind of situation will go for much longer . 
  brain drain is a very destructive phenomenon . 
  eventually countries like bulgaria or turkey will create matching incentives and offer competitive salaries to prevent their brightest and most capable from leaving . 
  i get the same feeling as well . 
  his recent actions reek of desperation . 
  what was especially revealing was the letter he sent to putin , where he was almost pathetically begging to restore ties . 
  he even sent an [ appeal to zhirinovsky ] ( http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/turkey-appeals-to-flamboyant-nationalist-zhirinovsky-for-softening-putins-stance.aspx?pageid=238&amp;nid=100629&amp;newscatid=510 ) , the very same guy who threatened turkey with nuclear annihilation . 
  when you marry politics and islam that is what you get . 
  i guess this must be the turkish equivalent of the us birther movement and the `` show us the birth certificate '' people . 
  they used gas and water cannons against the lgbt parade last year . 
  this is terrorism - plain and simple . 
   however the links between the pyd and pkk are tenuous . 
  the same could be said about al nusra and al qaeda . 
  they have different names , but in the end they are the same organization . 
  the follow the ideology of bin laden , whereas the above two follow that of ocalan . 
  are you saying that turkey is now comitting genocide against kurds ? 
   it 's not your country i was born here , so it is as much my country as it is yours . 
  deal with it . 
  no , you only care about russian interests . 
  as somebody else pointed out here , most of the supporters of gerb ( borisov 's party ) are pro-eu and pro-nato . 
  even the name of the party implies that it is a party for european development . 
  borisov made a huge mistake today , as this move could be seen as pro-russian and anti-europe , and it is likely that he will see huge loss of support as a result . 
  the romanian president just made this clarification . 
  because it does not control its entire territory . 
  if southern cyprus enters schengen , then the border with the trnc will effectively become an external border , and the eu does not recognize it . 
   even you admitted that dps was an ethnically oriented party and so is dost . 
  yes , but then all parties that are composed solely of ethnic bulgarians are also ethnic parties . 
  are you going to ban those too ? 
  so should there be ethnic turks in parliament according to you ? 
  or should it be composed only of pure bulgarians ? 
  as for the constitutionality question . 
  you have to look at more than the ethnic composition of the party to prove that it is ethnic . 
  and the bulgarian constitutional court did make a ruling on that question already , and you know what that ruling was . 
  even the dost party , which is being denied registration so far , is denied for other reasons , and not because of that constitutional clause that you are citing . 
   and mestan is the next piece of shit that will spin the turkish vote against the nation dogan was a kgb project to encapsulate the turkish minority and to be able to utilize their political influence for the benefit of russia at crucial moments . 
  if the bulgarian parties had opened up to the minorities and allowed them to fully participate in the political process , dps would have never emerged in the first place . 
  you are allowing an ethnic party when it serves the russian interests , but when all of a sudden it is an authentic turkish party it becomes a problem . 
  it is this kind of bias that clearly shows that you are not being neutral , that you have a clear bias for russia . 
   have 3 parties in the parliament i am glad you are admitting that . 
  ahmed dogan 's dps is one of them , even though no bulgarian turk would support russia . 
  you realize that russia has subverted bulgarian democracy by undeermining the democratic process , and by installing its agents in key positions , and yet you advocated a position that we should kneel down to russia and let them have their way . 
  please , grow a spine . 
  bulgaria does not have to be a vassal state to russia . 
  what assets does russia have ? 
  a bunch of kgb agents , and being the main supplier of natural gas . 
  besides a conflict is already happening . 
  russia is in a full scale hybrid warfare against europe . 
  i am not rooting for civil war . 
  all i want is for the eu to survive and thrive , and for bulgaria to remain a member and not be dragged back into the russian sphere of influence . 
  bulgaria is a member of the eu , and it should be a loyal member . 
  most of the people rooting for russia on the ohter hand believe that the eu will disintegrate , and that the country will go back to the russian sphere of influence . 
  nobody imagined that they would so brazenly annex territory and untilaterally change the political map of europe back then either . 
   this is literally a no brain choice on neutrality . 
  when you try to stand on two chairs at the same time , usually you end up falling . 
  bulgaria made a lot of historical mistakes in the past , and it looks like it is bound to make another one . 
  it is delusional to think that russia can come out victorious out of this confrontation with the west . 
   have the russians done anything recently ? 
  the annexation of crimea was not so long ago . 
  i doubt that . 
   the bulgarian populace loves russia . 
  speak for yourself . 
  if this man wins , the usa will become the laughing stock of the world . 
  think of the damage that bush did to america , and multiply it by 10 - that will be the result of a trump presidency . 
  that 's because our prime minister is a servile putin lover . 
  nominally before his electorate he pretends to be pro-eu and pro-nato , but behind the scenes he does putin 's bidding . 
  bulgaria and russia are not in good terms at the moment . 
  one indication of that is the cancellation of the south stream project that russia wanted to build through bulgaira , but fortunately they were not able to get their way . 
  how is he a dictator if the people voted for him ? 
   open genocide of kurds you ca n't be seroius with this . 
  dependence on russia i presume . 
  only russia can service these types of soviet reactors . 
  i know . 
  my uncle is a turk from macedonia . 
  muslims here do n't wear burqas . 
   there were rumors of gypsy women being paid to wear them . 
  a [ bbc documentary ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ojrgc8pmqu8&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=9m19s ) recently covered gypsy women wearing islamic gowns on the streets of the uk in order to get sympathetic muslims to pay them money . 
  it just seems like a tool to make easy money , rather than one of indoctrination . 
  if there is no real danger of indoctrination , i do not see what this ban is really going to achieve . 
  there was a documentary by the bbc about romanian gypsies wearing islamic gowns on the streets of the uk in order to get sympathetic muslims to give them money . 
  when one of them realized she was being filmed , this is how she responded .
