you can use tear gas when you are faced with a mass demonstration and you have a wall of police or army . 
  like they did at the hungarian border . 
  you do n't have enough people to cover the entire border like that . 
  the only efficient way is to use guns . 
  unless there is any other new technology i 'm missing where you can cover large distances with smaller number of people ? 
  and thanks to attitudes like yours we are now seeing border controls being reintroduced all over europe . 
  because when the schengen outside border does n't work , schengen does n't work altogether . 
  and introducing proper border protection will work because it will channel all these people into the legal way of doing things . 
  via the normal border crossings , where you can set up registration and processing centres . 
  physical barriers and mass detention does n't stop them crossing . 
  just makes it a tad bit harder . 
  you need to put a threat in place . 
  yes , at first some people will die . 
  and it might be tragic . 
  but after a short adjustment period once the news spread 99 % of people will start going the official way . 
  minor things like border crossing ? 
  are you high this early in the morning ? 
  maybe we should remove borders altogether ? 
  how about dissolving the army while we 're at it ? 
  i mean , it 's totally a terrible terrible thing to have an army to begin with . 
  army shoots people . 
  i have plenty empathy . 
  i 'm very happy to have these people properly processed via official routes . 
  but they do n't want to do it official way . 
  they want to go in and they do n't give a flying f ** k about how . 
  who said anything about landmines ? 
  just make sure if anyone who crosses illegally is guaranteed to be either shot at the border crossing or deported . 
  set up camps along the border where you process people and make it known anyone who comes in via any other route will not be granted asylum . 
  some will still try illegally , they will either be shot or deported with permanent track record never to be given a chance again . 
  others will soon learn and start going the official way . 
  problem solved . 
  i see all you can do is emotional attacks and reduction ad absurdum . 
  i see ... so there 's only 2 ways , open borders with no protection and a demilitarized zone with minefields and whatnot . 
  nothing in between exists in your world ? 
  when they are illegally crossing it , yes . 
  they are free to queue up to the border crossing like everyone else . 
  you know ... like you should do when trying to seek asylum in a foreign country . 
  how do you think it 's going to end ? 
  we 're taking in millions of mostly young men from unstable countries where they used to constantly be in conflict against each other . 
  we 're importing the instability to europe . 
  and frankly , i 'm scared as f ** k where this ends . 
  because nationalistic parties support is growing all over europe . 
  if the current mainstream parties continue with their current bat shit crazy policies on open door immigration this will end in people like marie le pen and georg wilders being voted in as majority governments just because they 're the only ones even willing to address what the majority of populations clamour about . 
  for protecting the borders ? 
  some people ... 
  or you know ... start using your navies for their intended purpose , to sink the human traffickers . 
  not as illegal migrant transport boats . 
  first of all , i 'm not sure how his political views have anything to do with the satire of that comment . 
  second , he 's conservative . 
  care to say what makes him a ` right wing nut ' ? 
  he 's written articles to major newspapers ( including newswek ( centre ) , wprost ( centre ) and polityka ( left wing ) ) , led shows on major radio stations , written quite a few books and collected a couple of awards ( including international ) . 
  but a random reddit user can summarize all that into a ` right wing nut ' ... eh ... 
  90 % of the obvious answers to this question will be moderated . 
  just saying ... a polish political commentator and satirist [ twitted ] ( https://twitter.com/r_a_ziemkiewicz/status/665482069670289408 ) yesterday that * ` europe will respond ruthlessly ... using hashtags , likes , heart chains , antifas and intellectual appeals . 
  all available weaponry ' *, 
  there seems to be one religion that ca n't seem to manage functioning without turning everything around into $ # & . 
  how come everyone else integrates just fine , but every time there 's some bullshit going on you almost instinctively know ` the religion of peace ' has something to do with it . 
  because we are lacking unemployed people in europe ? 
  there 's no 40 % youth unemployment in southern member states ? 
  we need to import more . 
  if by your definition john cleese is one of those `` white britain '' guys ... http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=uxm1mqbgxcm then yeah , by all means , count me in . 
  it does n't have to mean anything to you . 
  statistics do n't look at what things mean to you . 
  statistics are objective . 
  the statistical definition of native population is not the same as what passport does someone have . 
  or where were they born . 
  in usa native population is borderline extinct for example . 
  ` native ' americans . 
  when you 're talking about a random foreign restaurant opening in the neighbourhood , sure . 
  we 're long past that point . 
  we 're at a stage where in many western cities native population is either already a minority or quickly becoming one . 
  let 's make it simple for you , for example : * in an area a , 100 % native , let 's say there 's 30 % support of limiting immigration . 
  * in an area b where there 's only 50 % native population left and 50 % immigrants , there 's 25 % support for limiting immigration . 
  now , based on what you 're saying ... that is true ... except for the fact that in area b 25 % of total is 50 % of all native population remaining . 
  i 'm not even going to bother pointing at london , where the native population is actually a minority . 
  in their own capital city . 
   and nobody but your little reddit clique assumed it was all women and children , at least nobody with some knowledge about the top except all the mainstream media reports you mean i hope ? 
  because every single media outlet in the uk was pushing that dead child , screaming and crying children and the hungarian police brutality all day long every day until it was unsustainable . 
   most of them are also not in for the `` asylum seekers salary '' because believe it or not , it is a pretty shitty one and nothing somebody would leave their home country for . 
  it 's above the average salary of majority of europe in case you did n't know . 
  let alone the fact that we have a huge unemployment problem with young people all over europe , where they ca n't even hope for that much . 
  in eastern countries like poland or bulgaria they will be getting way more than most of the local population for doing nothing . 
  it 's also much more than a person in pakistan , sub-saharan africa and all the other current sources of migration can hope for in their home country . 
   matter of fact , they do not even get money in germany anymore but only non-cash benefits and those are , with the exception of healthcare , are far below what they earned in their home country . 
  when they are inside a migration camp yes . 
  once they leave the camp they will be given a regular cash income . 
  and it 's going to be higher than minimum wage ( on which many people in europe live ... and it 's going to come out of these people 's taxes ) . 
  it 's also funny to know that someone who 's an alcoholic and drug addict ( based on your post history ) is a person designated to work with refugees . 
  no wonder they never integrate . 
  i probably also would n't . 
  oh , yes , i forgot , they 're all women and children fleeing war in syria . 
  no , wait ... that was the early narrative . 
  nobody even tries to claim they 're syrians fleeing war now . 
  you 're right , they 're not economic migrants . 
  they are ** benefits ** migrants . 
  they refuse any country on the way that has a less generous ` asylum seekers salary ' than germany and sweden . 
  well ... the entire eu is working tirelessly to make sure she wins with the way they handled this economical migration . 
  at this rate she 'll be the next president of the republic . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prussian_deportations bismarck would have shown them the door . 
  not invite more .
