  sadly yes . 
  it shouldnt be banned . 
  i 'm no supporter of them ... 
  but still . 
  we have/had that also . 
  they scamed some poor people into huge debts . 
  aleksander \u010ceferin ( president of uefa ), 
  slavoj \u017di\u017eek and melania trump, 
  you have a real fetish for your flag . 
  well ... it could be way more shitty . 
  i mean ... orban ? 
  ukraine is not in nato . 
  ] ( http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/548/129/538.jpg ), 
  he has primc !, 
  the defender of ... and metka !, 
  yes ... metka !, 
  and angelca !, 
  it really is gorgeous . 
  conservative people , catholicism , awsome castles , 1939 , was a big big nation long ago , fucked up by communism , solidarnost . 
  i thing it 's quite good . 
  but i still dont get how the hre , prussia and worked . 
  implicitly , yes . 
  nice !, 
  no complaints . 
  castles , strongholds and forts are awsome !, 
  left-libertarian . 
  no doubt . 
  maybe centrist-libertarian . 
  they could be . 
  if you have a degree on the topic of foregin relations it 's usless now . 
  you consciously ( ! ), 
  do n't see them !, 
  yes !, 
  adds should be only in stores and pamflets . 
  was walking through the woods and a deer was in midst of my path . 
  i looked at her , she looked at me and calmly went away . 
  another time i saw a stag chilling under a pine tree . 
  mostly, 
  genitals , mothers and farm animals . 
  does it matter ? 
  never ever . 
  our former president milan ku\u010dan lives at murgle 23 . 
  under my krapina poster . 
  -10 points for slytherin !, 
  i do n't know . 
  it 's lut . 
  not lun ( trendy name ) . 
  i wonder when the first laika will be born o.o, 
  i would think so  so much wine ... so much, 
  i heard hogwarts is nice in this time of year . 
  i am . 
  and in the case if i 'm not , there are surely 1000 eu laws that cover that too . 
  without lead . 
  i do n't care . 
  i have full confidence that the eu wrote 100 decrees and laws , which will never be read , and they all deal with it . 
  was n't zadar then from venice ? 
  they dealt with rebels ? 
  my neighbours had twins . 
  their names ? 
  zofija and lut . 
  i can feel the sorrow from the future . 
  with good banks ... everything is possible . 
  yep . 
  and we have three of them . 
  and chomsky whipping them . 
  i never understood it . 
  was never in touch with it . 
  only lately i 'm seeing these things on our forums and such . 
  he does n't speak english !, 
  how could he survive politically ?? 
  he said : `` your pensions will be at least 1000 $ if you vote for me ! '', 
  he looks like ... yeah, 
  we can just wait for his opening speech : `` dragi mi\u0161ki , drage mi\u0161ke ... '', 
  i could imagine . 
  in slovene it rhymes quite a bit . 
  :d ( drinks teran and chuckles ), 
  o.o as a slovene i never could understand the hatred . 
  2 at least . 
  i speak 5 . 
  nothing . 
  it 's a cool rhyme  i always chuckle . 
  let the devil spank you with his zhitern !, 
  to disrespect our language is the greatest sin of them all !, 
  of disrespecting our alcohol maybe . 
  the most european thing is to bitch about neighbours and drink coffee in a posh caf\u00e9 in the old city centre . 
  really ? 
  it 's a sort of joking proverb ( rek ? ), 
  but the propaganda machine goes on and on . 
  for ( us ) who are younger these old people talk is quite dull and unproductive . 
  it had a great impact . 
  tribes/nations fighting among each other and destroying the discipline from within . 
  you are tatarski biftek . 
  as the old saying goes : `` you 're not a slovene if there 's not a single family tree crosing in the last 10 generations ! '', 
  why would it be ? 
  oh ... the south slovene country :d, 
  every multinational army us doomed . 
  we saw that from the romans onward . 
  like saying the us civil war was between usa and mexico . 
  i would be ashamed . 
  i love ours .
