  yes . 
  you can be black white yellow brown pink purple red grey ... but if you are an idiot you are a idiot . 
  i know . 
  but most of us do n't . 
  yes . 
  and use the metric system here . 
  makes so much more sense, 
  you have to update you concepts . 
  you live - 70 years behind, 
  i see now how purgatory looks like . 
  when that happens here you go abroad and bring the bill back to the state health insurance . 
  they have to pay it . 
  but here the issues begin . 
  if the treatment is n't available here than they cover it . 
  but if the treatment is available here and you are dissatisfied with it and go abroad ... then they will try to dispute their obligation to pay . 
  if i read correctly you fall in the first group . 
  i hope . 
  how 's your cabbage harvest this year going ? 
  yes . 
  scrap high fructose corn syrup and we will . 
  yes . 
  it depends where you are . 
  it mostly depends if the university has an bilateral agreement signed . 
  the cult built around them is ridiculous . 
  i miss nokia . 
  more strict corruption sentences would be appropriate . 
  mostly clean . 
  but some shitheads are still littering !, 
  metric volumetric cooking going on here . 
  i was in hodo\u0161 once . 
  we stopped at a farm for pumpkin oil . 
  an old woman comes out . 
  i did n't understand a word . 
  and we live ( well ... she probably does n't any more ) in the same country . 
  the capitol and the area you visited is mostly fine ( at least the main acces roads ) . 
  but look at this : [ this is the main ( several thousands od cars and trucks from the steel foundary ) road that connects my region to the highway . 
  it 's an hours drive on horrible and dangerous roads . 
  ] ( https://www.google.si/maps/@46.5596338,14.9897598,3a,36.6y,107.27h,67.39t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1s82w9_vkzfhf-_kdxmxr1nw!2e0!7i13312!8i6656?hl=sl ), 
  i would n't bet on that . 
  but your second point has a sadly high chance . 
  maybe not next year ... but i 'm sure in the not so distant future . 
  in comparison to ours ... 
  we have some . 
  but they are politically so bias it 's ridiculous . 
  i could see shit going down between croatia , serbia , kosovo and bosnia . 
  the dayton agreement just hit the pause button . 
  you have the best roads . 
  that 's nothing . 
  come to slovenia !, 
  here the holes have holes !, 
  interesting . 
  the only people here that sell fruit ( mandarine ) are bosnians . 
  and they have the best neretva ( supposedly ), 
  would it be comforting to say : it could be worse ? 
  i forgot about that . 
  yes . 
  could be more active, 
  all the people from the former republics of yugoslavia seem to have kebab / \u010devap\u010di\u010di / balkan food pla\u010de here . 
  and they sure know their business . 
  in my experience is 90 %, 
  yes, 
  that 's a yes . 
  but not a unconditional yes . 
  depends . 
  if you have a good reason . 
  if the health and/or life of the woman is in danger than i do n't have a problem with that . 
  but women who forget to take the oil or engage in unprotected acts , it would be free for the first time . 
  but after that she should pay out of her pocket . 
  late abortions should be illegal ( unless for the first reason ) . 
  maybe, 
  we need better and more efficient contraception in the first place . 
  yes . 
  it has a monopoly . 
  another self centred murican ... 
  secularism is essential . 
  and the fake smiles . 
  i did n't . 
  it is . 
  i never knew finland had those problems ( german - finish children unrecognised ), 
  pineapple ? 
  yes, 
  full metric system here . 
  at university we still make some examples and use imperial and it 's pointed out how unpractical it is . 
  and it is horribly unpractical . 
  i like some of your finish movies . 
  katilo and sauna come to mind . 
  i do n't care about superbowl . 
  try the united kingdom subreddit ... 
  you 're right . 
  you could n't do that in any real orderly manner . 
  but you forget the kolpa river . 
  and mura, 
  you mean yugoslav borders ( kraljevi\u010da shs ) . 
  yes . 
  and so on , and so on [ sniff , sniff , touches nose ], 
  yes . 
  yes . 
  2cellos are 1/2 slovene , 
  i could imagine . 
  try r/germany,
