  swamp serbia ? 
  how does that work ? 
  alaska hands down . 
  lots of false smiles . 
  slovenias history has no boring periods, 
  water followed by water, 
  we call the euro cent coins ( 5,2,1 cwnts ) baker ( = coper ), 
  they were treated badly in the past . 
  the nazis exterminated almost all of them . 
  i have a hard time understanding antisemitism . 
  i just do n't get it . 
  the owners of such thing should have a church trial . 
  we have the almost same proverb . 
  only it 's a cow : `` naj sosedu krava crkne . '', 
  what old territory ? 
  maybe the habsburgs ( austria ) for a while, 
  a thing called the internet, 
  nice , 
  you have that too ? 
  he 's a contradiction on two legs, 
  please hire me . 
  my father is a great sportsman and my mum was a communist persecutor, 
  to much unresolved things from the past . 
  he 's as soft as a mozzarella pad . 
  like a newborn kitten . 
  or chiwauwa, 
  maybe, 
  butcher, 
  yes . 
  it does n't bother me . 
  only if it 's going on for 15min ( funeral ) it 's annoying, 
  priest cheese ? 
  hmm ... 
  yes !, 
  it is that also, 
  \u0161oder ( gravel ), 
  can you be a bit more wague ? 
  do n't you have a express option to order it ? 
  yeah . 
  the centre was ok . but on the way to lov\u010den it was really really shabby . 
  a shame . 
  it could be magnificent !, 
  the monastery complex is awsome . 
  and in kotar we stumbled upon one of the most rude waitress ever . 
  we sat with some friends . 
  some have ordered something and some did n't . 
  she threw the ones who had ordered anything out . 
  she had a minor breakdown . 
  i could imagine . 
  but still they seem nice . 
  the surrounding are great . 
  not to far from helsinki and not to far from the real north of lapland and levi . 
  from the roman time onward : multinational armies crumble from within . 
  as everything in the balkan region this is very important . 
  with a weak macedonia and a unstable kosovo , who knows what could happen . 
  but since that is balkan the happening would be bad . 
  very bad . 
  well at least bav\u010dar is healthy . 
  njego\u0161 is a interesting character and his tomb . 
  kotar is awsome . 
  beer and cigarettes are cheap . 
  cetinje is a bit sad . 
  a prescription from a md, 
  fair point, 
  ca n't say anything about the legal aspect . 
  but in a common sense one ... refugees mostly would n't come by plane , but escape by foot, 
  not recognised . 
  they say something like `` efficient '' and `` adequate '', 
  ca n't help you with reliable info , but flee turkey asap . 
  the situation there is getting toxic . 
  if someone has a plane ticket to come here it 's dubious that he is a `` refugee '', 
  we have some mad\u017earos ( hungarians ) and italians . 
  could n't say . 
  crimea ( * terms and conditions apply ), 
  sadly no, 
  what are cheerios ? 
  mostly, 
  it 's around 40 $, 
  i 'm sorry , but did your prescription expire ? 
  it was very common in the past . 
  now less and less so . 
  my id is always in my valet, 
  look up the responses from the refugee crisis in the 90 's when yugoslavia broke apart and compare it to the modern one . 
  1 . vienna ( for the history , it 's close to slovenia and quite ... epic ) . 
  bergen ( cmon ... norway is awsome ) . 
  tampere or lahti ( finland is awsome ), 
  a bee or a lipizaner horse . 
  or a proteus, 
  probably not . 
  from a mountain spring some 20km away . 
  it 's only processed through filters because otherwise it 's crystal clean . 
  seams reasonable, 
  you have a lot of them to choose from, 
  probably a rusty old ak-47, 
  we know, 
  howcome ? 
  milk = $ , grece = / = $ , ergo : milk = / = greece . 
  :o do you like cheese ? 
  yeah . 
  the cleveland slovenes were quite pro-domobranski even in the 90 's .
