  sure . 
  o my god ... 
  yes . 
  so many of them . 
  you can go to a neighboring village and it changes a lot . 
  i would need subtitles and a translator for some dialects . 
  aronija :d, 
  issonzo front in wwi ? 
  you mean you integrate in carantania ? 
  i just saw it was on the v list on cbz, 
  for your pills you would have to pay 16 $ ( in slovenia ) if you had n't have insurance . 
  with insurance it would be 0 $ . 
  it 's a nice building . 
  the russian one is its neighbor , 
  yes . 
  mostly, 
  ow yeah ... dolenjska : s and parts of prekmurje . 
  i 'm sure many people at the table do n't know exactly what 's going on, 
  you could probably buy the biggest cardboard box by a prestige property under a bridge . 
  - y , - x , - w , \u010d , \u017e , \u0161 , ( \u00f4 , \u00f3 , \u00f2 , \u00e8 , \u00ea , \u00e9 ), 
  you mean zdenko roter * ? 
  what a coincidence . 
  i 'm just reading his book `` padle maske '' . 
  as far as i know yes . 
  it went through him . 
  i doubt rotar shot him . 
  he had absolutely no motive . 
  pu\u010dnik was probably to high a target to do that . 
  but kramberger said harsh things over demos and the opposition at the time . 
  something is fishy there . 
  i was in my dorm in ljubljana during the italian earthquake a few months ago . 
  just browsing reddit and i see my water bottle shaking . 
  first thought : am i going to die ? 
  then i went on the r/watchpeopledie subreddit . 
  oh ... the kramberger assassination . 
  a extremely drunk guy shot him 50m ( i think ) through the heart and had to aim close to some pine trees . 
  very odd . 
  from where in slovenia was he ? 
  go to r/bolgaria, 
  and how did germany do that ? 
  we have that too, 
  burn :d, 
  we have two widely known ones . 
  the most disturbing one is metod trobec . 
  he was a juvenile arsonists . 
  tortured cats and animals when he was young . 
  when he was older he got a bit pushy towards women . 
  then he was submitted to the psychiatry and was `` treated '' with electroshocks . 
  then he murdered and raped a few women and burned them in the basement . 
  he killed himself in prison in 2006 after his mother died . 
  slovenia would be in the context of game of thrones bear island . 
  we are led by a little girl ( who is sadly not loud ) . 
  we have shity infrastructure . 
  we are ( mostly ) proud . 
  we have the same amount of battle-ready men to spare to nato . 
  my condolences, 
  le pen would be the death of the eu . 
  of course . 
  who would n't ? 
  i did the bulk research . 
  collecting many documents and stories from all branches of my family . 
  interesting anecdote : the brother of my great - great-grandfather was killed in a drill for the east front in 1916 . they found only the head and sent it back home . 
  no no no no, 
  we have the same exact phrase . 
  only swede is french here . 
  she 's like the lead lady . 
  very malleable, 
  could you get persecuted for writing that ? 
  cerar is a highly educated man . 
  no doubt about that . 
  but he 's like a wet towel . 
  indecisive and acts like a child when serious decisions come up . 
  talk about politics !, 
  i 'm sure dvorak wrote a piece about it , 
  could be great . 
  the arrogance is annoying . 
  in the context of slovenia a road trip would end in a few hours . 
  that would be interesting, 
  nope . 
  it 's a tax tax record from mesopotamia on a clay tablet . 
  beloved to be the oldest text ? 
  it 's proportional to alcohol intake, 
  uhhh ... try r/germany, 
  the romantic period in moravia and bohemia, 
  and they built them too !, 
  i just fear there is some small print in the resolution ... in the matter : * terms may apply, 
  you are a refugee only in the first safe country you reach ( e. i. : syria - turkey ) . 
  if you leave a safe country you are an economic migrant . 
  simple as that . 
  i think it 's appropriate, 
  where are you from ? 
  i doubt that anyone will care . 
  maybe a few odd looks at first . 
  yes . 
  shity ones . 
  mandatory in primary and secondary ( gymnasium ) school . 
  everyone younger than 30 is more or less fluent in it . 
  i see what you mean . 
  but yeah ... 25 years of constantly jj uno jj to jj tsto ... 
  let 's just say he forced himself on a girl in a nightclub,
