  and that . 
  yes, 
  it 's better in nature . 
  nick better, 
  a convicted sexual deviant with a garbage song represents us ... not much else to say, 
  sadly none, 
  yes . 
  someone gives to someone some really unhelpful remark . 
  bosnia should be fun in the next years ... 
  can you be a bit more vague ? 
  just something something about a commonwealth . 
  that 's it . 
  that 's a rare sight in poland these days ( my impression based on news ) . 
  sidenote : native americans have a real folklore . 
  i can not deny something that does not exist . 
  i 'm still sitting here and waiting to know where the weapons of mass destruction in iraq are ... 
  does it even have folklore in the true sense of the word ? 
  yes, 
  thank the lord for that answer, 
  just google her, 
  i follow the news there . 
  it seem to be ... interesting , to say the least . 
  ok . that and `` kofetarica '', 
  those three would fit quite good . 
  maybe moldova also ? 
  pomlad ( spring ) by ivana kobilica, 
  that 's not a cultural background, 
  ... that * bad ( * conditions may apply ), 
  exactly that . 
  i never understood how could people born after 1990 in slovenia be fucking yugonostalgic . 
  tipping is bullshit . 
  if your employer does n't give you a fair wage you should n't work there . 
  and making the underpaid worker beg for money is just sad . 
  and what is `` you culture '' ? 
  antarctica is a dull place . 
  there are n't any . 
  high double standards, 
  tell me more !, 
  link ? 
  probably portuguese and/or irish people, 
  we should encurage it . 
  subsidising young families etc. 
  maybe zaragoza ? 
  it 's a fantastic city . 
  it would be a love/hate realtionship, 
  and it 's an old city . 
  if one or two people were alive 700 years ago it would be the capital . 
  it would has a railroad , the highway is close . 
  it has a river . 
  it has a lot of place to grow . 
  it 's more accessible from the western part of slovenia , than maribor , which is the second largest city . 
  at really do have a great flag and crest . 
  no idea . 
  but it would involve bosnia , croatia and serbia . 
  i like the language . 
  why would you buy an iphone ? 
  lol, 
  try r/serbia, 
  100/20 fiber 80 $ ( 2 phones and tv ) rural, 
  uncommon in rural areas . 
  it 's a good sum up, 
  turkey . 
  cyprus . 
  i could n't expect that, 
  if you 're on the top there is only one way you can go , 
  yes . 
  80 of yugoslavia ( all the of them the first was the best from the ) . 
  austria ( in its various forms ) 1000 years and with carantanja before . 
  sleeping marathon . 
  we have a law that requires to have 25 % ( i think , not sure ) but the music is awfully bad . 
  peter prevc ( sky jumping ), 
  serbia or belarus or ukraine or moldova or luxembourg or vatican or monaco or bosnia, 
  why are n't you asking r/italy ? 
  maybe on a dvd/cd ? 
  for some it 's more convinient, 
  we have the exact same problem . 
  but it applies to all areas ( wages , services , ... ), 
  maybe even slightly less in the future, 
  croatia is a clear winner here, 
  why would serbia need to agree that kosovo should go to albania ? 
  kosovo is an independent state . 
  why does he call about that ? 
  depends what you are buying, 
  turkish coffee with a little milk, 
  ask on their subreddits , they could point you in the right direction, 
  politics aside , she 's unremarkable . 
  neighbours hear a drunk husband beating his wife and do n't say or inform anyone . 
  it 's considered somewhat shameful for all parties involved . 
  not technically european though, 
  nor do we need one . 
  serbia . 
  for the wrong reasons . 
  in ljubljana almost every day . 
  in my part of the country ( up north ) i never saw anyone . 
  you had a fair few chances in the past and blew them ( as have we ) . 
  what city is that ? 
  change the voting sistem . 
  just two parties in that system is deeply undemocratic . 
  harshly against . 
  there was a woman who said : `` slovenia is poor .
