  our language is for us of the most precious things and if you do n't respect that ... then you do n't deserve respect . 
  they started to use the same phrases ( fake , msm , fakenews ) and it 's hilarious . 
  sad !, 
  i know . 
  nothing better than a kebap after a long night out . 
  but still ... in origin in is n't european . 
  is it european though ? 
  yes . 
  and you get a norwegian for free !, 
  yeah . 
  and this is rent + everything - internet, 
  that is low !, 
  300 $ for 36m ^ 2 \\ month near the austrian border, 
  and i thought here shit went down . 
  yes . 
  what else ? 
  yes . 
  they stomp their feet when my alarm clock on my pic goes off . 
  why does the game of thrones theme song at 100 % volume out of a 100w speaker at 7 in the morning piss people of ?? 
  lovely little village . 
  the second picture was my first thought too , 
  you have that too ? 
  telekom ? 
  you too ? 
  it 's a great idea , but poor implementation . 
  agreed, 
  if we drink on a independence day of another country ( ex soviet union and/or yugoslavia ) we make a mini toast . 
  go to cern and live in the large hadron colider . 
  plenty of space and safety . 
  what did do you take ? 
  they sound interesting . 
  you see 10 years dead people wining . 
  i would bet that in spain you could, 
  in ljubljana the dorms are owned by the state . 
  i do n't like those people . 
  it 's so disrespectful . 
  and then they curse you for not understanding them . 
  very nice . 
  cheap . 
  very good internet . 
  mostly good people around . 
  desert : prekmurska gibanica , the other thing : ajdovi \u017eganci, 
  newton is the father of calculus . 
  he 's on the top 5 list of people imo . 
  or maybe leibnitz ... or euler . 
  or gauss . 
  these two invented half of mathematics . 
  probably, 
  nice country . 
  some nice people . 
  some shit people . 
  like everywhere else . 
  i would n't change ours . 
  it 's a drinking song about unity and peace . 
  ow right ... you call them hispanics there also ? 
  i meant his daughter . 
  which would make 0 sense . 
  pain coffee . 
  a 0.5 l mug, 
  made up race ( americans like to create new classes to devide people ), 
  lepen is actually a little bit intimidating . 
  i heard there are dragons there . 
  was in peca . 
  it 's superb . 
  rafting in a mine ? 
  check !, 
  cycling in a mine ? 
  check !, 
  frankish kingdom : charlemagne . 
  there is a festival of an industry that 's in a nearby town . 
  i go to college for a profession in that area . 
  was there drinking beer with a few friends and one of my professors came along . 
  after a `` na zdravje '' ( = drinking to health ) we spoke quite at length of my progress , his classes the town festival ... it was weird at first but he 's an ok dude, 
  celic sounds cool . 
  czech all the way . 
  w weird question . 
  so you get a weird answer : open google street view and start looking around . 
  the movie industry is shit . 
  we have actors from two sources : the academy for film , radio and television and the public . 
  the people from the academy are ( 90 % ) so bad actors for films that it almost hurts sometimes . 
  they would be better suited for theatre . 
  they speak only one accent and just come of as fake . 
  but than we have more and more self tought actors from yt who have real talent but they copy a lot of things from abroad . 
  and these things loose a lot , when translated . 
  so we have an output of one good movie per 3 ~ 4 years . 
  worrisome . 
  i probably would n't agree at all . 
  really ? 
  well ... 
  i could see how we could gori\u0161ka , kranjska , \u0160tajerska , prekmurje and koro\u0161ka could separate . 
  even some municipalities would want to be independent . 
  berlusconi , boris johnson and g\u00e9rard depardieu . 
  it would be hilarious . 
  not anymore, 
  we 've have an almost identical situation . 
  to form a resistance you do n't need acceptance from them . 
  by definition !, 
  my great grandma who fought in the war was amazed you could order pizza via online and phone . 
  the secret manner in which the government disperses these people is despicable !, 
  i would n't say that the young ones are okay with it either .
