  i want to go to germany . '', 
  lol, 
  define europeaness first . 
  than we can talk . 
  i do n't thing you would have problems per se . 
  i do n't think we have a racial stereotype or other things here , but if you go to a town that is not the capital you could get some odd looks or responses . 
  and that 's because the people never saw a black person there . 
  i was n't in a mcdonald 's for 9 years . 
  idk, 
  what ? 
  sums it up , 
  no doubt about that, 
  in nomine patri , fili and nucleo sancto, 
  france, 
  a whole lot of spying without a court warrant, 
  the second one . 
  yeah . 
  i am younger . 
  i understand your generation is able to speak croatian/serbian/serbo-croatian , but my gen ( and younger ) just do n't have the need to operate in that language . 
  nothing to see here . 
  all bow for the god-emperor juncker !, 
  it 's madness . 
  the poverty line is higher than the minimal wage . 
  do we really learn croatian and/or serbian outside of school ? 
  i would n't say so . 
  in my age group there is no need . 
  and i mostly they know only a few words . 
  maybe a broken sentence . 
  british accent with a slight scottish touch, 
  if i would be an american citizen i would sell everything and move to europe, 
  i fully support the independence idea . 
  if it 's democratically chosen even more so, 
  ljubljana would be perfect, 
  no name per se, 
  we mostly do n't have fishermen . 
  but we have ( had ) lots of farmers . 
  they do n't have a large central union as far as i know . 
  but they should have one because they are vital . 
  norwegian flag . 
  or the one from montenegro, 
  it 's complicated . 
  as every other issue in the balkans . 
  sometimes . 
  sometimes they are down to 8/90 parlament member present . 
  today they do . 
  but back then . 
  not so much . 
  depends . 
  traditionaly a child gets his fathers ethnicity on paper . 
  his father was croat . 
  yes, 
  only for children content . 
  and for these horrible abominal adds . 
  not slovene though, 
  in the context of going from yugoslavia he definitely is . 
  credit where credit iz due . 
  a miracle !, 
  really ? 
  i never encountered that in slovenia . 
  but do american universities have really prestige in the world ? 
  hardly . 
  i 'll give it to mit and such ... but ... no . 
  constantly brings up events from 1945-1990 ( - ish ) . 
  and people fall for it . 
  left = cold , right = hot, 
  yeah . 
  he 's known here too . 
  very nice buildings . 
  but i do n't care about the work that is done there . 
  the toleration of domestic violence and alcohol abuse, 
  2 phones , tv and 100/20 internet for 83 $ . and you get that speed . 
  not if you intelligently limit the list to a few, 
  i 'm doubtfull that he does . 
  and that 's my point . 
  exactly . 
  we could help building and give general help to lebanon and help the people rebuilding their homeland . 
  skiing and sky jumps . 
  you look at their pages . 
  jezus , is it so hard to google that shit ? 
  when you go from a war zone to a safe country ( lebanon for example ) you are a legit refugee . 
  but if you pass onward to another country you are by definition a migrant . 
  simple as that . 
  keep the varg away from it, 
  i would say the castle in segovia . 
  an old word for that is `` odgre\u0161niki '' . 
  but it 's not in use anymore . 
  odgre\u0161niki is a old word for that, 
  no ( local commentators ? 
  in what respect ? 
  how does it show ? 
  what ? 
  it seems so, 
  allowed *, 
  if they speak slovene they are ok . but if they do n't even try , they are frowned upon . 
  exactly . 
  even trying is ok . 
  and cerar + juncker = love, 
  i can confidently say that everyone under 30 can speak english . 
  some even german and italian . 
  but if you live here you better learn the language .
