  lol . 
  albania, 
  montenegro an maced ... i mean the former yugoslav republic of macedonia, 
  maybe . 
  depends . 
  a slight federation would be interesting . 
  yeah . 
  the stories of the retreating armies from the savinjska basin are madness . 
  some 400k people went through there north where they hoped to reach the allies ( definitely not the russian ones ), 
  i sure hope so ... the things that were done there ... holy fuck dude, 
  enjoy . 
  others did n't . 
  i beg to differ . 
  every textbook i used for engeneering related things had used exclusively imperial . 
  try converting gallon * mile/inch ^ 2 and similar nonsense to metric and comfortably operate with it . 
  my great-grandmother was a partisan messenger ( kurirka ) and saw some shit when she was 18-ish . 
  once she carried some resistance post and went to a drop point at a remote farm . 
  it was empty . 
  she then found out that the family who lived there was tortured and murdered by some german soldiers with a gestapo prison officer overseeing it . 
  see ... 
  they suspected they were helping the partisans . 
  a local snitch told them that . 
  so they tortured two underage boys in hopes that the father would give up information . 
  he did n't . 
  then they shot his wife . 
  then he spoke in fear for his children . 
  but ... then they killed them ( gearing they would take up arms ) . 
  and the father afterwards . 
  and some weeks later my great-grandma got caught by the help of the information . 
  she was detained in the gestapo prison in dravograd ( the above mentioned overseer was stationed there ) . 
  and they did things to her ... involving her nails and fingers , i guess ... because she never told us in detail what happened . 
  then she was transferred to a bigger facility : stari pisker where she was until winter '44 when some partisans freed her and about a hundred other prisoners . 
  yeah ... harsh things to go through when you 're 18, 
  maybe . 
  it 's fine as it is . 
  i sure hope that you will rid of the english overlords . 
  what 's the chance of a new referendum ? 
  some say that we were the reason yugoslavia broke apart and for the following wars . 
  it 's nonsense of course . 
  common . 
  some look like the uruk-hai with all that paint . 
  says the one with carinthia as a region !, 
  i misread non-continental for continental . 
  either way ... 
  i did n't hear of that . 
  but i assume the area around \u010dakovec is heavily impacted by slovene . 
  a 100 years ago it was in slovenia ( or dravska banovina at the time ) . 
  interesting . 
  never heard of that . 
  i suspected there would be more italian influence there . 
  but then again ... linguistics is n't my strong point . 
  absolutely not . 
  i would rather scrub my floor, 
  no issue here . 
  nobody understands prekmur\u0161\u010dina :d i would need subtitles too . 
  when is morning in america it starts, 
  not slovene ? 
  not slovene ? 
  `` macedonia '', 
  milano comes to mind, 
  nope . 
  rock is american ? 
  haha , that 's a new one, 
  why would you have dual citizenship ? 
  some have even more and that 's unbelievable, 
  small communities are more bound together . 
  with historical manipulations from the past they fear what each other will think and that selfsustains fear . 
  golden woman and ilmarinen ( i think ... as i said . 
  it 's years since i read it ), 
  i have to read it again soon . 
  such good stuff, 
  folklore creatures ? 
  the name of strmec is appropriate . 
  finland . 
  i 've never been in japan !, 
  they are what they are . 
  too loud . 
  sometimes even obnoxious . 
  there are many in the kalevala, 
  ah yes . 
  the first saturday in the month at noon is sirene time, 
  against it . 
  i would help the children and that 's it . 
  you have the sweetest beer prices !, 
  because school is and should be the only worry at that time, 
  americans in flipflops going on a mountain . 
  spar , mercator , hofer , lidl , tu\u0161 , eurospin, 
  absolutely not . 
  and dual citizenships should be also periodically reevaluated !, 
  i find it acceptable . 
  how else could i be on reddit ? 
  if it were german ... it would n't be much fun . 
  but the search bar would be efficient . 
  yeah ... the european soil saw much of that in the past , right ? 
  the protests that sank the government in 2012 . 
  i thought so, 
  before clicking ... na golici ? 
  a book with short stories from farmers lifes 200years + ago . 
  lol . 
  on local issues ?
