  well , i dont keep an archive of every article i read in case i need to bring it up in an internet conversation . 
  fuck me , i cant find it right now . 
  it was an article about immigrants arriving in the isle of something ( a friend of mine from edinburgh asked ` why the hell are they sending them in the middle of nowhere ?! '' ), 
  and how many of those came from syrian rural areas and cant even write in their own language . 
  so they 're teaching them arabic first and english in the future . 
  do canadians have a psychosis that everyone is out to get them ? 
  `` soros did this '' is the greek version of `` jews did this '' ... although we also use `` jews did this '' . 
  the greek psyche is wonderful . 
  i remember reading somewhere that many of the immigrants who reached scotland are analphabets . 
  they are currently teaching them arabic , in hopes of being able to teach them english in the future . 
  i live in northern italy , i d rather have the original scandinavian product :d, 
  in southern europe ? 
  nope . 
  we have to import them from scandinavia . 
  yay !, 
  we can look forward to a stream of hot blondes seeking asylum !, 
  wait . . i live in the south . 
  no , no , i never ever implied that turkey should get them . 
  i was talking about their own countries . 
  no , i dont want them to seek `` asylum '' in their own country . 
  change city , change region , whatever . 
  certainly not cross an entire continent to become a european problem . 
  seems like the answer nowadays is `` let s go to europe , they give free shit there '' . 
  and of course i know they 're illegal economic immigrants , this is why they should be kicked back to their countries . 
  nigeria and pakistan are . 
  yes , i ve heard of them . 
  funny how instead of seeking refuge in their own huge ass countries they feel obliged to cross continents so they can reach germany or sweden . 
  i dont think they 'll stop coming . 
  they ll probably say `` fuck it , we ll eventually find a way to get to germany and to free moneyz '' and still show up . 
  i didnt know there were wars in nigeria , morocco or pakistan . 
  the majority of the greek islands are untouched by the immigrant crisis the same way the majority of french soil isnt occupied by illegal migrant encampments . 
  it will be plainly obvious to someone who plans his holidays with care . 
  dude , dinner time it approaching , you cant show me pics like that . 
  just take a look at the aegean map and you will understand why it 's impossible to patrol the entire length and block every single boat that wants to reach the greek islands . 
  plus , even if you intercept them , you cant send them back to turkey . 
  the turkish government will simply tell you `` hey , what the fuck you re doing , they didnt leave from my country , they 're your concern '' . 
  finally , the other border is the turkish one so it 's turkey 's concern , you cant bully another country into closing their own border . 
  they have no reason to close it . 
  why would i want a long life if i couldnt eat tartiflette ? 
  this fuckin adrian guta dude ... holy shit ... 
  i made it too back home , still pretty good but not the same . 
  ( i 'm greek btw ), 
  the goddamn mighty tartiflette in the french savoy - potatos , lard , onions and reblochon cheese . 
  i sometimes travel there just to have lunch and then come back . 
  it is average but there 's nothing wrong with it tbh . 
  it would be way worse if you came back home and blasted manele from your speakers like my romanian neighbours used to do . 
  i recently read an article in an italian newspaper about immigrants disappearing from the grid in sweden . 
  they find some kind of job ( working in restaurants of other immigrants , manual labor etc ) , rent a room in someone 's flat ( some other immigrant 's flat ofc ) and just go on like that . 
  i wonder if there has ever been an efficient bureaucracy . 
  they wont leave , they will just disappear from the grid , the way they do in sweden . 
  unfortunately it 's impossible to close the sea . . 
  following reddit and the news in general i get the impression that if a modern german even remotely implies something like `` fighting for the nation '' is branded a nazi , fascist etc. 
  the only acceptable action is smile and take selfies with newly arrived refugees . 
  we do the same thing in greece , we bless fuckin everything . 
  think of the positive side : tsipras would then boast a reduction of the numbers of unemployed young people . 
  a wall wouldnt work . 
  but we could build giant robots that would intercept and fling back the boats towards turkey . 
  pacific rim 2 : aegean assault, 
  it 's absolutely impossible to guard the whole of the territorial waters ( just take a look at the map to get an idea ) in order to block what essentialy are small boats . 
  i also think i spotted a swastica , i need to rewatch it to confirm . 
  noone called her `` paranoid old hag '' or `` right wing nutjob '' yet ? 
  oh , you only posted it 38 minutes ago . 
  we must give the pro-immigrant brigade some time . 
  which is what i wrote :d, 
  that 's probably the most underwhelming monument/landmark/attraction i have ever seen ( even though a friend of mine told me he was more disappointed with the little mermaid statue in copenhagen ) . 
  i almost missed it when i visited brussels , my girlfriend saw it while we passed it by and she told me `` it cant be this one , can it ?!, 
  well , belgium is kind of a chocolate factory , isnt ' it ? 
  these photos would make perfect postcards . 
  same for greece tbh, 
  human rights , `` concentration camps '' etc, 
  i guess that they refuse to say where they come from . 
  what do you mean by `` many still do house calls '' ? 
  some do but others refuse ? 
  but . . but ... they 're made for babies : /, 
  that 's probably bullshit . 
  apparently his mental image of his son drinking a beer is way worse than war . 
  well , i dont have any mean jokes for latvians or lithuanians so ... :d, 
  is lt lithuania ? 
  or latvia ? 
  how does the albanian recipe for omelette start ? 
  `` steal two eggs '' . 
  lol , same joke in italy but instead of `` nem tudom '' the man says `` i am gypsy , i no speak good italian '', 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=emqbtyfq3f8 `` the salary for refugees decreased about 50 % ... '', 
  you honestly think that they dont ? 
  they come to europe very well informed on the welfare offered by the single states and pick the most convenient ( there was a video that i cant find right now of a `` refugee '' telling to the journalist thet they only want to fo to sweden because the danish cut off the welfare money for refugees to half of what it was ) isnt it very very strange that they aaaaaaall want to go to germany and sweden ? 
  edit : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=emqbtyfq3f8, 
  well , for example , most of the african drug dealers arrested in my town have their fingertips burned with hcl before starting their `` carreer '' . 
  it 's basically `` midgets , gypsies and whores '' , which on paper sounds hilarious . 
  but it 's soul devouring . . 
  it usually goes like that : `` it will pass ... it will pass ... it will pass ... it didnt pass , let 's go the hospital '' . 
  consulting the family doctor goes over everyone 's gead :p, 
  as far as i m concerned , in italy the way a patient thinks is : `` hmmm . . my head/shoulder/belly / ankle hurts ... lem me take some amoxicillin and then we 'll see '' . 
  i have been living in italy for 18 years now . 
  i dont think it 's that serious . 
  since you 're italian i thought it was kinda fun . 
  dit it bother you ? 
  it was just a battuta . 
  i wasnt really expecting norwegians to leave their country and come to work in factories in veneto . 
  why does it have to be africans ? 
  ca n't we get some norwegians here ffs ?
