it 's happening a bit everywhere , not only in portugal . 
  dont forget about that sweet sweet welfare we 're giving them . 
  just to be clear . 
  i m not complaining about athens not having a piazza navona or baroque architecture . 
  athens went from being basically a village to a modern metropolis in the arc of a few decades . 
  i m complaining about the ugliness of the buildings that they built to house all these people . 
  according to my foreing friends we 're all southerners here in italy . 
  i m talking about proper cities . 
  syros and hania i 'd put in the island category . 
  nafplio is very pretty indeed , maybe the only pretty city in the peloponnese . 
  it 's funny how when things like that happen the left is always surprised . 
  we do n't really have beautiful cities in greece . 
  we have great nature , a lot of beautiful islands and mountain villages but the cities feel . . i dont know , as if they dont have an identity . 
  you see a picture and it could be athens but it could also be belgrade . 
  we need to invent a time machine , go back in time , find the father of the guy who designed the first shitty polykatoikia and kick him in the nuts , really really hard . 
  and then go kill hitler or something . 
  i grew up in an isnignificant little town near corinth ( not a wonderful sight either ) and often went to athens , mostly on daily trips . 
  for me and my friends it was awesome - malls , cinemas , fast food chains ( yeah , we didnt have any of those in my town ) - but as a city it still felt pretty decadent and ugly . 
  then , when i was 18 i had to stay there for two months and i absolutely hated it . 
  it happens in most touristy places of southern europe . 
   oosterhout lem me check where that is . 
  oh , the netherlands !, 
  it sounded danish . 
  well , i grew up in a small seaside town in greece and now i live in a big italian city . 
  there are pros and cons for both but in turin i definitely have more stuff to do . 
  i live in turin , the situation is definitely better here . 
  yeah , traffic . 
  it was soooooo bad :d, 
  i ve always found it pretty dirty and the architecture is horrendous , gray blocks for as far as the eye can see . 
  sure , there are little ( or bigger ) gems here and there ( churches , neoclassic buildings etc ) but the overall image i have about athens isnt that great . 
  you can say a lot of things , that it has charm , character etc but i never liked it esthetically . 
  it has been quite a bit of time since i visited rome , i still remember the chaos . 
  still , do n't get fooled by the italian flag , i was born and raised near athens and i stand by what i said . 
  the video is nice but in my opinion athens is far from beautiful . 
  if i 'm not mistaken some time ago there was a fire in a warehouse where chinese workers were working andit resulted in a lot of dead people because the doors were closed and the windows barred . 
  he probably means the belgian terrorist responsible for the paris attacks . 
  i think there was pizza involved in his arrest as well . 
  worst superhero ever . 
  something tells me i 'll be paying for them as well . 
  it 's going to take a lot of time . 
  gallons of it . 
  it 's pretty hard but i 'm sure someone will find a way ... and he 'll also add that it 's really the west 's fault for not giving the murder a better house and more benefits in the first place . 
  our ancestors were imperialists and we sell firearms ---------  we need to maintain masses of uncultured subhumans with our welfare ? 
  yes , people 's documents are controlled in the italian-french border . 
  travelled there a couple of weeks ago on a bus , they stopped it , took our passports/id cards and in the end 3 africans and one romanian werent allowed entry to france . 
  true , i feel bad for belgium being considered a terrorist training ground because it 's actually very pretty country and both those cities you mentioned are absolute jewels ( agree about brussels ) . 
  i agree with you - and i 'm not even sure it 's a conspiracy-fetish either . 
  they 're perfectly fine with doing nothing while getting paid . 
  which of course would be a lot of people 's ideal life , until you realize that it only takes you that far and that if you want to live better you have to get off your ass . 
  i 've seen unemployed moroccans here in italy complain about free housing . 
  seriously ? 
  what do you want ? 
  a central condo ? 
  they dont care . 
  western retards pay . 
  sending 4 kids to school ? 
  western retards will pay . 
  healthcare ? 
  it 's free , let the western retards pay . 
  and they 're still busting our balls . 
  racism , islamophobia , `` our rights '' ... and the western retards who pay for them have to feel bad about it too ? 
  what an edgy 20 year old hipster this pope is !, 
  you forgot that sweet sweet welfare . 
  third word lazy-asses realized that in europe you can actually do jack shit and get paid . 
  me too . 
  `` march against fear cancelled because organizers are scared '' would be a perfect onion article . 
  as far as italy is concerned , some of the mosques arent even official . 
  it 's just a big room or a garage with a self-professed imam . 
  go have a tartiflette instead of taking pictures of dicktrees you savage !, 
  dude , dont even bother talking to the lefties . 
  these people have no perception of reality , they have no idea that there 's a war . 
  it 's all `` open borders '' and `` give more rights to immigrants '' for them , they dont care for anything else . 
  writing comments instead of exploding in an airport makes him approximately 100000 times better than a terrorist , you deluded leftie . 
  holy shit man , i live in italy and almost every moroccan i have talked to ( not too many , i admit ) seems to have a cousin or a sister with some kind of health problem living in belgium and getting welfare . 
  no , mostly for choosing to remain gypsies . 
  rumors and word of mouth , yes , that come mostly from the smugglers.they have all the interest in the world to describe europe as the place where refugees will be getting welfare , houses etc. 
  they only have to reach lampedusa after all , which is significantly closer to africa than people think . 
  we have a lot of romanian gypsies here but i also see some proper romanians that are just illiterate or barely educated . 
  maybe they come from rural areas of something . 
  i will never understand the romanians . 
  the ones we have here are either kind and incredibly hard working people or homeless illiterate alcoholics/criminals . 
  nothing in between . 
  `` open the borders '' because aziz says so . 
  ffs . . 
  beard consultant ? 
  anarchists and communists do it all the time . 
  literally `` good appetite '' . 
  it 's school material where i come from . 
  hmm . . that 's xactly what someone who works for soros would say ... 
  anarchists ... they 'll do anything to avoid getting a proper job , wont they ? 
  the outer space ones or the hollow earth ones ? 
  thanks for clarifying . 
  i checked the online deifinitions too , most of them seem to think the two terms are the same . 
  tbh it was a recent article . 
  i just cant remember the goddamn place they were brought into but my scottish friend implied that even the locals would probably prefer to move to somewhere else , 
  yes , i guess it 's not really used as a term in english . 
  it 's the same as illiterate . 
  being italian i went straight for the english version of the italian word `` analfabeta '' . 
  i didnt drop any bomb and i didnt push any agenda . 
  i m sorry if i offended your prickish self righteousness .
