  at this rate we will be bringing them in as soon as they get their feet wet , while getting on the boats . 
  i m pretty sure that getting some sweet tourist moneyz isnt that bad though . 
  maybe the swedes are already very healthy and every piece of machinery works just fine . 
  alan partridge : `` one of the benefits of global warming and international terrorism is that more people are holidaying in england . '', 
  heart disease kills more people than car crashes , who cares about car crashes , amirite ? 
  even though i think the situation you 're describing is a bit too much , i agree that the situation around gare du nord is the emblem of a `` fuck it , there 's nothing we can do anymore '' mentality . 
  i have visited paris a lot of times and i love it but last year i needed to take the train to london so i booked a hotel near gare du nord . 
  what an awful situation . 
  basically in europe it goes like this : people vote for the left ? 
  `` i applaud the maturity of people ! '', 
  people vote for anything that 's not the left ? 
  but . . but ... they 're holding cute drawings and stuff ... 
  just to clarify : i m not implying that sweden is a soviet shithole . 
  on the contrary , give how far ahead you guys are i was surprised that this kind of ugly appartment blocks actually exists there . 
  wow . 
  this think looks like the cities i build when i play tropico and i opt for the cheapest , ugly , soviet-like apartment blocks . 
  according to the italian newspaper la stampa they 're tunisians . 
  \u0391ccording to the newspaper la stampa they were tunisians , pissed off because they 'll be returned to their country . 
  and let 's not even count the nigerials , senegalese etc etc. 
  no i wasnt . 
  it 's probably the post traumatic shock that makes them refuse identification , right ? 
  and the only cure is free moneyz . 
  ofc it is farfetched . 
  the same way , someone who says that is escaping from war , famine and who knows what else and complains about the shelter or the food is a bit suspicious . 
  sorry , i always forget to put the / s :d, 
  it 's clearly a pic that was photoshopped by far-right extremists . 
  no , i wont live in a camp because whenever i went to another place i had valid paper . 
  they come illegaly , dont want to get identified and you expect us to do what , send them to tuscany for romantic weekends ? 
  it 's only until we clean up some palaces and move them there . 
  i m not a native italian by the way but i have been living here for the past 20 years so i consider myself at least part-italian  edit : they could be pulesi . . or pulani . 
  edit2 : google says pulesi . 
  even if there are n't any gypsies involved people automatically connect romanians with crime , drinking etc. 
  granted , we have a lot of romanian immigrants who do exactly that but the big part of the romanian comunity is just people trying to make a living , working hard and trying to be part of the local comunity too ( you cant say the same about , let 's say , the chinese ) . 
  you could say that about everyone in the balkans ( i 'm greek by the way , dont let the flag fool you ) and their shitty balkan mentality . 
  am i right ? 
  huh ? 
  huh ? 
  arent things a bit better for you guys nowadays ? 
  romanian comunities are big and common in major cities , everyone has romanian people he knows and certainly people dont think automatically for every single romanian that he 's gon na steal their wallet . 
  i 'm not saying that the negative bias hasnt disappeared but things are changing . 
  having said that , for fuck sake , enough with the fuckin manele . 
  he did the right thing . 
  immature people might think that the guy stabbing people while yelling allah akbar was a muslim and , you know , discriminate him . 
  wait , i forgot the / s. 
  nah , there are thousands of job opportunities for illegal illiterate africans . 
  we have still many supermarkets without an african beggar at the door , shaking a paper cup . 
  i saw the guy 's video here on reddit , it was hilarious . 
  here it is : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=syslezhbpus, 
  in that case i will be waiting for the `` in communist norway . . '' jokes . 
  now that i think about it , if there 's a proletarian revolution maybe prices in norway will become a bit more reasonable and i 'll finally be able to visit you guys !, 
  by all means , keep spending then if you 're happy with it . 
  give them more so they start being middle class without actually having any qualification and then be surprised when people who actually have to work for a living get tired of these handouts . 
  on the other hand norway is rich , maybe you guys are just cool with all this . 
  other countries arent , so they might understandably start getting a bit pissed off after they realize that affordable housing , free healthcare and free education is producing this kind of behaviour . 
  my girlfriend is romanian . 
  the easiest way to piss her off is to imply that gypsies are romanian . 
  she gets so angry she starts trembling , she cant even pickpocket people on the bus . 
  they have things in common , right ? 
  for example , in many cases collecting an std or a pokemon involves going to a public park . 
  i think it was denmark . 
  weird . 
  every neapolitan i know never stops saying `` toledo station , the most beautiful there is , toledo station , best in europe , have i told you about the toledo station ? 
  thing is those countries will tell you `` hey , why are you dumping them here , they didnt leave from our coasts '' and will not accept them . 
  that 's the major problem . 
  there 's a crisis going on , we ca n't afford parachutes . 
  the guy wasnt killed by a death squad while he was feeding baby deer . 
  it would have been a nice sign to say those things to who ? 
  his fanatic pals would always consider him a hero who killed infidels , even if he spent the rest of his life in prison making toys for kids . 
  the rest of us already consider him a criminal . 
  yeah , i dont have doubts about it . 
  they 're saying that he reached torino ( via chambery ) and then took the train to milan . 
  what would that change ? 
  he 'd get quite a few years in jail ( paid by your tax money ) and he would have all the time in the world to radicalize other people . 
  good . 
  one figlio di puttana down . 
  where would you have gone ? 
  i know , i know , it 's a pretty common problem in italy ... we keep them all . . 
  you cant send moroccans and algerians back !, 
  there 's war where they came from !, 
  throw in some ironing as well and call it `` perfect wife competition '' just to piss of the feminists . 
  bulgarian probably . 
  uuuh ... for the time being more cancerous cells are being injected in the body , hoping that the tumour will eventually become gentle and caring and will turn himself into a useful organ . 
  there have been similar incidents in greece with immigrants groping women during the new year 's eve celebration . 
  there 's usually a big concert in omonoia square in athens where people gather for some free entertainment and in those instances there were videos of women getting surrounded and molested by immigrants . 
  basically , for a big chunck of people , immigrants are just huge pile of cash . 
  you onle have to see who runs the `` cooperative '' to get an idea . 
  lying about anything in order to claim benefits makes a person horrible and a parasite . 
  it 's valid for the refugees the same way it 's valid for a 40 year old sicilian who lies about being blind in order to get a disability pension . 
  well , maybe more prisons will be built and more people will be hired as prison guards etc. 
  refugees are a gift for the economy i tell ya !, 
  but if we do how will 25 year old nigerians reach the free-for-all european buffet ? 
  you must be extremely fast . 
  seriously ?? 
  how long did that take you ? 
  well , at this point we 're a third world country , it makes sense that out twat pm would join other third world leaders in praising a dead dictator . 
  i come from a tiny town in greece ( for greek standards it 's a town , here it would be a village ) . 
  there were very very few things to do there unless you wanted to spend the entire day sitting at the bar , lazily drinking a frapp\u00e8 . 
  when i came here to study i was amazed of the possibilities i had ( bookstores !, 
  museums !, 
  stadiums !,
