  let the dogs be , you guys need a serious law against manele tbh . . 
  i have taken the eurolines night bus a couple times , going from italy to france . 
  both times the bus stopped when we entered france and we were asked for documents but no scans or extremely detailed examination . 
  having said that , i m never going to use eurolines again . 
  two hellish night trips in buses that smelled of farts and rancid feet and people sleeping at the corridor . 
  i dont think that any `` returning '' can actually be done . 
  no worries , when this shit goes down in greece they 're quick to point out that it really wasnt the leftists ' fault , it was cops who infilitrated the protest or government agents or whatever . 
  in greece : august 15th : `` koimisis tis theotokou '' . 
  it is a national and religious holiday that marks the `` falling asleep , '' repose or kimisis of the virgin mary , mother of the lord jesus christ . 
  there is absolutely no city or village that doesnt have a church dedicated to her so greece on that day is just a big feast . 
  easter ( doesnt have a fixed date ) : very important and very gloomy . 
  i avoid visiting greece during that period because my mom is quite religious so they expect me to fast and not listen to music or have fun almost for an entire week . 
  christmas : a nice occasion for families to gather and spend some time together . 
  i grew up in a seaside town so i dont remember seeing a single snowflake when i was a kid . 
  also , my hometown becomes rather deserted when winter comes so christmas was always a bit `` meh '' , family time excluded of course . 
  now i live in northern italy and when christmas comes it 's definitely better . 
  can . . can i come too ? 
  i m a filthy southerner , i ll just get one hot chick and then i ll be on my way . 
  i can bring pizza . 
  i grew up in a warm , seaside town in greece and now i live in northern italy . 
  i love the cold and the snow , people tell me i 'm weird . 
  dont you get it ? 
  he 's actually trying to hurt the banks . 
  i ve always heard horror stories about norwegian prices and even though i have never seriously planned a trip there i always thought `` i ll get skinned alive there '' . 
  still , oslo is definitely a city i ll visit in the next years . 
  i dont find 1000 kronenbourgs per day to be outrageous . 
  i mean , currency converted tells me it 's about 108 euros , which is the minimum budget i calculate for almost every destination i visit - even though i usually end up spending around 180-200 euros per day ( hotel included ), 
  you just sold lisbon ? 
  the problem lies in the sea . 
  how do stop them from reaching any greek island by boat ? 
  as soon as you intensify the controls around , let 's say , lesvos , the migrant route will change to samos and then to chios and then to rhodes or whatever . 
  you cant keep entire fleets there patrolling every inch of water . 
  and lets say you do it . 
  what do you do when you spot a boat ? 
  sink it ? 
  send it back to turkey ? 
  they wont have it , they ll tell you `` fuck you , how do you know they left from turkey , why should we take them ? '', 
  thanks for the info . 
  ok , why the hell is there a goat head on a plate ? 
  i need answers . 
  it 's the same everywhere . 
  `` cooperation agencies '' born overnight are now getting good money for handling refugees and hotels prefer to host refugees , it 's good , easy and steady money . 
  `` fecal phantom '' definitely sounds better than `` shit ghost '' . 
  there was an armed robbery a couple of days ago in italy ( post office ? 
  bank ? 
  cant remember ) and the first things the robbers said was `` stay calm , we re not terrorists , it 's just a robbery '' . 
  i bet colmar 's market is marvelous too . 
  or the terrrorists already living in france, 
  he 's president of an `` ngo for protection of civil rights '' , why would expect anything else from him ? 
  every language in greece as well . 
  have you ever been to lyon ? 
  it 's basically torino 's twin . 
  funny you 'd say that because there was some major fuss when the construction of two skyscrapers was decided . 
  one of them is completed but you cant see it in this picture ( it is pretty central though , near the porta susa train station ) , the other one is coming up a bit slower ( i think there was some problem with the funds ) . 
  some people said that torino shouldnt have skyscrapers and the highest building should be the mole antoneliana ( that tower thingy you see in the right ) but i guess you cant stop progress . 
  at least it 's not terronia , amirite ? 
  yeah , that too, 
  it 's worse , i m greek ( living in italy ) . 
  true :(, 
  1 ) find danish girl allergic to cinnamon 2 ) tell her that if she doent have sex with me she dies . 
  3 ) get rejected because i m a filthy southerner . 
  i would watch a reality show following this guy as he gets punched while travelling around the world . 
  this is why i m always giving money to the africans begging for money outside of the supermarkets here in italy . 
  i see it as an investment for my future . 
  at first everyone who saw the video thought she was an aspiring pornstar/escort `` promoting '' herself . 
  turns out her fianc\u00e8 was also into this stuff and enjoyed filming her with other people . 
  still doesnt change the fact that it 's a real shame that a young woman ended her life because of this . 
  as long as the process remains `` yeah . . uuh . . can you just go home ? 
  pretty please?promise ? '', 
  all these paras . . uuh ... bringers of culture will stay here . 
  yeap , life under the supreme intelligence of the left was going great . 
  we 'll soon have one african for every trashbin , digging through the trash . 
  those are the ones who will be paying our pensions i guess . 
  depends on your personal taste . 
  i go crazy for the typical scandinavian beauty - blond hair , blue eyes while others might prefer the mediterranean type . 
  venice is all the things you said ... and it 's also one of the most ( if not the most ) unique cites you ll see on this planet . 
  we 're truly getting the cream of the crap of immigrants here in italy . 
  they bring culture , poetry , rhythm and stuff like that you xenophobe . 
  and all they ask in return is free housing and welfare !, 
  i m a bit sad because with the money he was making he would be paying our future pensions . . 
  so ... uuh ... he 's just a dick then . 
  it isnt . 
  it 's just that they expected all european borders to magically open for them so they can reach germany and sweden ( because nobody gives a damn about going anywhere else ) . 
  the soil probably wasnt benefit-rich and the crops went bad . 
  the are around the eiffel tower is probably the only place i havent seen them so far . 
  the pro version could include the coat of arms of the city where the attack happened within the national flag . 
  in that way it will look like you care even more !, 
  i sang john lennon 's `` immagine '' to a bunch of strangers , i think i 've done my fair share of political activism . 
  i forgot the / s. 
  yes , nigeria , morocco , senegal , camerun , tunisia ... destroyed by war , all of them . 
  yes please !, 
  ah , you sir are a bon viveur !, 
  you seem to be angry all the time . 
  maybe it 's all the kebab . 
  i m now convinced that a good kebab beats every single other dish in the world and gives emotions stronger than most things that a human will experience in his life . 
  i m not even italian , i just live here . 
  i just think that saying `` x dish is better than any other continental cuisine '' is kinda silly . 
  lol , yeah , `` tastier than most of the european cuisine '' . 
  are you nuts ? 
  what about all the culture we 'll be losing ??
