  this continent used to be a rather poor and backwards part of the world for centuries . 
  it would n't be too shocking to see it happen again . 
  i think in the long term ( 100 years + ) a less powerful europe will become one of the poorer parts of the world . 
  probably like what south america is today . 
  this is becoming particularly noticeable as the centre of the world moves to the pacific . 
  a disunited europe without empires are rich , but not that important . 
  a backwater . 
  the eu could possibly survive economic crisis and political crisis individually . 
  if we had both at the same time it 'd be screwed . 
  i 'll make sure to change my flag to a polish one before making fun of germany again . 
  t'was but a simple joke . 
  it was a joke tying into the idea that germany is stereotyped as invading countries and also completely opening its borders to everyone . 
  germans tend to have an issue recognizing borders . 
  since you 're german i know a way to get hannover with no bloodshed : please , germoney . 
  if not we will make a crying face and call yu nazis :'(, 
  the only thing left now is to take control of the eu to spite germany . 
  also gief back hannover . 
  from reading the rest of the article , obama seems to imply that no nation should try to police the middle east any more because it 's impossible . 
  and if the middle easterners wo n't fix their nations , they should be left to destroy themselves . 
  he makes a particularly scathing point where he says the rest of the undeveloped world wants to improve their lives , create businesses , and make the world better , apart from the middle easterners who just want to ruin everything . 
  more or less agree with obama . 
  time for european nations to get their act together . 
  you can tell obama has a lot of resentment for us foreign obligations and would 've much rather spent his time focused on domestic issues . 
  got friends near west point . 
  hudson valley almost feels like a home away from home . 
  as someone else pointed out , it must just be general urban areas . 
  nyc does not include half of connecticut and poughkeepsie . 
  from what i 've seen of russians , it would just be another challenge . 
  drive across on the pile of cars that have unsuccessfully tried before you and claim everything works perfectly . 
  it was just a little joke haha . 
  but i agree the us should not be asked to pay for it all . 
  if the us pulls out of nato i thoroughly look forward to our glorious future within the european union of russia . 
  friends and family members became suspicious when she started growing a beard . 
  london is increasingly a city that belongs not just to the british , but to everyone . 
  i think that as london grows more international , companies that tailor to the uk only will move to other british cities due to the rising competition and costs of staying down south . 
  it 'll benefit more people in the long run . 
  the uk was built on the `` snout in the trough '' mentality . 
  we love it . 
  the results of the eu vote will ultimately come down to what option allows london to retain its status as the unofficial capital city of the world . 
  in light of the amount of anger i have received in regards to my original post , i reverse my original argument . 
  the british empire was the worst empire in human history . 
  i am aware of the travesties committed by the british empire in kenya , malaya , ireland , australia , canada , germany , india , china , south africa etc. 
  i am aware of the tortures , the famines , the death tolls , the massacres , the terror bombings , the gas attacks , the genocide etc. 
  the british empire did commit atrocities . 
  i am not defending the british empire . 
  saying that you are slightly less evil on the evil scale than total evil is not me supporting such an institution . 
  at the risk of invoking godwins law you can compare the actions of the british empire to those of the japanese empire and the third german empire . 
  both from the 20th century . 
  all did horrific things , but we were absolutely nowhere near as cruel . 
  i think that 's where this idea that `` britain was a purely good force fighting the good fight and our empire was 100 % amazing '' comes from . 
  the legacy of ww2 . 
  britain would 've probably rejoined the war after licking its wounds . 
  perfidious albion and all that jazz . 
  a lot of people forget that the japanese army was trying to invade bengal at the time . 
  eastern india was a war zone . 
  that being said , the reports that churchill still refused places like the united states to send aid are unforgivable . 
  he should never have been allowed to re-enter politics after gallipoli . 
  gandhi was imprisoned after a trial for acting against the british . 
  in many other empires he would have been killed with no trial . 
  i 'm arguing that we were not a nice empire . 
  we did terrible things . 
  but compared to the french , italians , belgians , germans , romans , assyrians , aztec , ottoman , mongol we were slightly more relaxed and `` hands off '' in colonial policy . 
  obviously some certain individuals made things worse . 
  for example , i despise churchill for his actions with the bengal famine , gallipoli etc. 
  he was one of the worst things to happen to britain and the empire . 
  although in hindsight the munich agreement was a mistake , i feel sympathy for prime minister chamberlain . 
  the first world war just a couple of decades before had absolutely ruined europe . 
  the british truly wanted peace and compromise to avoid a re-run of such a horrific conflict . 
  i think it 's because the british empire was probably one of the better empires in history when it came to human rights . 
  and a lot of brits confuse being `` one of kindest empires '' with being `` a kind empire '' . 
  - a big reason why most of these migrants want to travel through greece is to get to germany . 
  - the reason they want to get to germany is because they think it 's incredibly rich . 
  - they think it 's incredibly rich because they have heard news reports for the past 5 years telling them that germany keeps bailing out greece . 
  - greek economy placed under even greater strain as migrants pour in . 
  it 's almost like the plot to a comedy show . 
  that we 're snooty , arrogant , and elitist . 
  damn , i always wanted prague to become the new eu capital . 
  yeah the federalisation train has no brakes once you decide to join the eurozone . 
  i actually prefer more people speaking with american accents . 
  makes british accents ( rp at least ) rarer and more unique which helps us retain that element of elitism over the unwashed masses . 
  `` united_kingdom has disconnected from the game '', 
  a lot of the uk 's future prosperity is going to rely on how london fares outside the eu . 
  if companies see london as still being the place to do business then the uk can breathe a sigh of relief and begin using its new freedom from the eu and whore london out to whoever pays best with maximum efficiency ( not necessarily a bad thing despite the wording ) . 
  if companies start to leave london for places like dublin and frankfurt then we may be at risk of losing one of our only national trump cards . 
  a poorer london will mean a poorer uk considering we 've put a fuck tonne of eggs in that basket . 
  i think it 's for the best . 
  i 'm very pro-eu and support federalisation but if brits are going to keep dragging their feet it is n't worth staying . 
  you could get a perfect deal with the eu and a lot of brits would oppose it because we still have to share power with foreigners . 
  something that we ca n't stand the idea of . 
  as a canadian ( although when i hover over it says hamburg so i dunno ) , would you support a closer integration of canada ( and by extension the greater commonwealth realm ) and the uk if we left the eu ? 
  revenge for those damn eurocrats in brussels banning bendy bananas . 
  rule britannia . 
  i think the problem with european federalisation is that it did n't happen soon enough . 
  founding members of the eec should 've united by the 1960s at the latest . 
  i agree with that . 
  i was hoping before ukraine that russia could become a moderately powerful and prosperous `` pivot state '' between the eu , china , and india . 
  sadly i do n't think russia is culturally capable of `` reasonable political arrangement with other countries '' and will not be able to improve their situation like the other examples you listed . 
  so much potential ruined by atrocious leadership sums up russian history . 
  one of the big problems with russian soft power is that it ca n't offer a better standard of living than the eu to countries currently playing the `` which superstate will i join ? '', 
  game in eastern europe .
