if britain votes to leave the eu , we 'll see another call for scottish independence . 
  they 'll most likely win second time round . 
  essentially , for now , the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland is on life support . 
  it 's called the european union . 
  the uk can remain united . 
  just as long as we vote to stay in the eu ... and we get proportional representation ... and a federal system ... and a continually strong economy ... in the next 5 years ... under a majority tory government . 
  hearing talk that david cameron may be the last pm of the uk . 
  the dominance of a pro-independence party in scotland caused enough instability , but a divisive eu referendum in 2017 as well ? 
  i do n't envy cameron . 
  the next 5 years will be spent trying to keep the uk alive . 
  i 'm very pro-europe and would vote to stay in but support a referendum just so people stop moaning about the eu . 
  however , it has to be made crystal clear that opting to stay in means accepting a potential federal union at some point or we 'll just be kicking the can down the road . 
  it would also be nice to see a detailed action plan by ukip on what their plans for the uk would be in the event of leaving the eu . 
  right now all i see is `` we 'll trade with everyone in the world '' and vague `` further ties with the commonwealth '' . 
  back in the day , half of europe used to be like russia . 
  the greek speaking eastern roman ( byzantine ) empire heavily influenced russia in a way the latin west never did . 
  eventually most of the greek influenced world was conquered by strange , exotic peoples and russia stood alone as the last guardian of an earlier time . 
  then it proceeded to get the shit kicked out of it over and over again by invaders , creating a bitter , angry , conservative , expansionist , paranoid , isolated , slightly asian country that no longer had as much in common with europe despite being thoroughly `` european '', 
  what about that other place we own ... . uptown ireland or something . 
  i 'd enjoy a uk ( surprise ) dominated cabinet . 
  for all our whining about `` never letting a hegemon dominate the continent '' we brits have never really had a go at it ourselves . 
  could we beat the french , german , and russian high scores ? 
  i support the australian policy . 
  i hate it , but it 's better than doing nothing . 
  yes it 's cold , but the world is sometimes cruel , people are born in the wrong place , people go hungry , people die . 
  the borders of european nations ( or any nation ) can not be illegally violated and exploited just because it makes us sad to say `` no '' . 
  united kingdom of east ireland and northern western ireland . 
  not to be confused with the republic of southern western ireland . 
  i think it will clear up a lot of confusion foreigners have when figuring out the political and geographic layout of the british isles ( now referred to as greater sealand ), 
  the kingdom of the sunless isles . 
  or east ireland . 
  you want the eu to collapse even after the uk leaves peacefully ? 
  what about the suez crisis ? 
  the biggest threat will be uninformed people thinking that they are more dangerous than they are . 
  collapse of house prices , zero tourism , fleeing businesses , end of the world panic etc. 
  as an on the fence voter , what is your prediction of how the uk will fare outside the eu ? 
  what will we do next ? 
  get that good old russian led shia dream team going with syria , iran etc. 
  assad has won and iran are making the saudis nervous . 
  it 's not fear . 
  i honestly think a russian dominated me will work way better than a us/eu dominated one . 
  it 's all a bit of stupid fun . 
  russia is big enough to be made fun of . 
  i mean you guys have just taken over hegemony of the middle east from the usa while the eu is falling apart . 
  should n't have fallen on all those knives . 
  foolish man . 
  mods are actually taking posts today seriously ? 
  r/europe is an official troll page till midnight . 
  no credibility allowed . 
  holy russia deports all her gas . 
  france meanwhile ca n't stop taking it in . 
  they brought this on themselves . 
  one of the shining examples of a city untouched by fascist occupation . 
  i do n't understand red army hate . 
  we fathered more east german children than we killed . 
  they 're not true russians . 
  what 's ukraine ? 
  you mean novorossiya ? 
  is european union of russia now . 
  comrade bezmenov was right . 
  subversion has been achieved . 
  russia covers many timezones , comrade . 
  is big place . 
  even bigger now . 
  america would love a united europe . 
  leave the eu to effectively deal with the chaos in the m.e while they can fully turn their attention to the juicy juicy asia-pacific , which is set to become the new centre of the world . 
  for the record i have n't downvoted you . 
  i do n't downvote people with different arguments because that 's retarded . 
  hell , sometimes i upvote them . 
  your argument is not illogical , and one i was expecting when i wrote my original statement . 
  my point is that both the west and islam display evidence of hypocrisy . 
  look at what happened when the british parliament tried to authorize bombings in syria . 
  protests abound , many contained people who never voted for the conservative government that was pressing for intervention . 
  and yet those people are at risk of being killed by radical muslims who wish to `` get revenge '' on the people who bombed their ancestral homeland . 
  are the people who think we should attack all muslims for radical islam right ? 
  are muslims who think they should attack all western nations ( including switzerland ) for bombings in muslim nations right ? 
  ridiculous . 
  muslims kill people because they feel alienated from european society . 
  if we bring in more muslims they wo n't feel as isolated and they will integrate better !, 
  trust me , i have a phd in feelings . 
  the same muslims who say that they are being unfairly blamed for terrorism will also say that the people of the west are all responsible for bombings in the middle east . 
  you seem like an example of a muslim who has been successfully westernised . 
  just need to do that to every other muslim in europe now . 
  `` my grandfather rode a camel , my father rode a camel , i drive a mercedes , my son drives a land rover , his son will drive a land rover , but his son will ride a camel '', 
  saudi arabia is probably the worst country on earth at the present moment . 
  if it were not for oil it should be quarantined . 
  nothing gets in or out . 
  i think for shits and giggles the west should join with russia and actively support shia regimes and declare it to be the only true form of islam . 
  of course i 'm looking down on other people . 
  i 'm british . 
  up there with elgar . 
  we 're taking this straight to the un . 
  these are the same people who despise immigration because they think poles are beneath them . 
  lower classes gon na lower class ... 
  gettin a bit cheeky there m8 . 
  seriously , british `` lads '' need to be sat down in front of a tv screen and force fed the films `` zulu '' and `` master and commander '' over and over again . 
  basically from the fall of the romans to about 1500 . 
  even up to the 1700s the chinese looked down on europeans as being inferior and having nothing to offer . 
  for now . 
  i hope europe remains rich , but it is n't guaranteed .
