dude i thought you were talking lips to lips . 
  cheek to cheek is very normal , especially when you do n't literally kiss it . 
  so how do you greed each other then ? 
  so in the end do you think it 's better to live in a small or big country ? 
  thanks for your answer and your last sentence was beautiful  . 
  do you have any feeling regarding the fact of being part of a small people among huge territories ? 
  you 're geographically at the center of the world and lots of things are going big in all those huge countries . 
  any feelings or thoughts about that ? 
   men i can tell what 's your type ... :d, 
  hey descartes calm down with your rights and wrongs . 
  my question is , how the fuck did iraq let jihadists on their territory when less than 5 years ago it was all covered by american army and a huge terrorism hunt ? 
  i hardly buy this story and i 'm afraid it 's a matter of economics . 
  why do they say jagiellonian university is the second oldest one in europe when i see some older ones in this list ? 
  then later he added * `` that 's why germans were the only ones who would invade uk . 
  a french humorist once said * `` every european war is just a culinary exploration . 
  wwiii is about to start live ladies and gents !, 
  it 's a shame he did n't put pierogis : < . 
  and these on your nose are definitely not glasses . 
  and but though napoleon decided to go by the mountains ... 
  ah ha i 'm glad you 're saying this  . 
  it 's hard to explain but for example i can tell french people look too much over america and i do n't like that . 
  of course we can have towers but our french news are always talking about usa , french people compare ourselves to them , they immigrate a lot there ... 
  i also feel everyone from europe wants to look over north america : < . 
  when i was in warsaw i remember they were still building a lot and this city is developing so much i 'm sure it will be a great financial place in the future ( i give it 10 years or less ) . 
  you 're right it goes deeper , i can only tell by the architecture :p . 
  i still ca n't see what 's going on in your tv !, 
  but yeah , polish culture is wonderful  , and warszawa is a wonderful place to be as well :d !, 
  thanks for your point of view eh he . 
  because the eu is americanized with some lobbies , and when i was in warsaw they were building a lot of towers for business and stuff ... 
  but it 's alright if it does n't happen :d !, 
  yes !, 
  i was there last year as a tourist but i can tell it 's growing so fast this city will be promising in the future !, 
  i really hope i can live there as well ah ha . 
  ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ just ^ ^ ^ hope ^ ^ ^ it ^ ^ ^ wo n't ^ ^ ^ be ^ ^ ^ too ^ ^ ^ americanized ^ ^ ^ : <, 
  oh awesome !, 
  so you 're almost in down-town and close to the old town as well  . 
  is it in praga ? 
  dude stop waking up so early !, 
  you ... you ... you do n't have borders ?!, 
  humanity restored . 
  asking the french questions !, 
  that it 's the most beautiful city in the world ? 
  yeah we know we know ... :d, 
  putain . 
  may i ask which neighbourhood ? 
  dude com ` on ... 
  it 's been written in history books , people behave according to this ( sometimes ) and parents do n't stop talking about it ... 
  to be fair he 's belgian . 
  maybe we 're just making fun of him :d !, 
  looks too american for me . 
  god dammit . 
  i 'm surprised by the reactions of polish people here . 
  i went to poland for two weeks in warsaw and krakow and i can tell i had absolutely no problem speaking english there . 
  people in shops were kind and willing to help as much as they could . 
  in some shops ( empik for example ) some people have badges to indicate if they speak english or not and most of them did . 
  my hosts ( old and young generations ) were very fluent in english except one person who only spoke polish . 
  i just had to ask `` do you speak english please ? '', 
  and never had any problem . 
  i do n't remember having any problems with someone who could n't speak english and if i did i just smiled and tried my best to make the other person understand what i was saying ( try to keep things cool and nice ; i think it was even funnier and awesome when you try to communicate with someone who does n't speak your language ) . 
  maybe they do n't speak so much english in the suburbs or in country-side but as a tourist ( who loves poland ) i can tell i had no problem . 
  i know perpignan and maybe you 've had this kind of behaviour with older people ? 
  i 'd be surprised if the younger generation keeps this rivalry going today : / . 
  i can tell the same from polish people ( in case anyone was wondering if you could speak english in poland ) . 
  polish people are so welcoming it 's incredible !, 
  people in shops are really kind to help you as much as they can if you need directions , the different hosts i 've had when i was there were always kind and willing to help me or tell me things about the country . 
  so yeah i just wanted to tell you can speak english in poland ( in warsaw and krakow at least ) with ( almost ? ), 
  no problem !, 
  polish people have a deep meaning about respect and hospitality . 
  maybe people think we do n't like to speak english because of this historical rivalry that 's been around between us and the english ? 
  yeah i was talking about emigration . 
  sorry wrong typo . 
  well i know a lot of french who come out and stay out ... 
  i wish france would care that much about migration . 
  jesus you guys are from the same country and ca n't agree on the facts ? 
  :  by the way what do you mean by anti-government ? 
  like , anarchist march ? 
  if that 's what they mean then it 's plainly stupid . 
   which is the worst part of the country you could spend your hollidays in imho . 
  it must be the number one touristic destination in the world for a reason man . 
  i 'm pretty sure we even all speak german . 
  just do n't stick to the stereotypes and what you hear on the internet . 
  come and see for yourself . 
  * how often are you on reddit in an average week ? 
  everyday at anytime . 
  i can spend a few hours in a row when i have nothing to do . 
  * how often do you visit / r/europe ? 
  everyday . 
  i lurk more than i participate . 
  * what country are you normally resident in ? 
  i have french citizenship , currently living in canada . 
  i 'm about to move back to france this month though . 
   do you speak any languages besides english ? 
  ( if yes : which and to what level ? ), 
  french ( mother tongue ) , german ( a1 .1 , beginner ) , polish ( few words ) . 
  my english is fluent though . 
  i 'm part canadian and i 've been studying in english for a few years now . 
  so no worries , this time you wo n't have another / u/dclauzel but a real french guy who knows how to speak english . 
  * what interests you about europe ? 
  culture , history , philosophy , architecture . 
  i 'm close to my european roots .
