  well yeah , because to make america great again implies that it 's not great now, 
  b-b-b-b-but what about the innocent windows ??? 
  looks like grandma supports the work of socialists now, 
  notice how the page mentions that there 's a good chance thousands of black slaves died as a result of the march being unable to feed them , yet property damage is what you chose to highlight . 
  ( prices in aud ), 
  switch : $ 470, 
  charge grip : $ 25, 
  case : $ 20, 
  tempered glass protector : ~ $ 25 ( $ 20 usd ), 
  breath of the wild , mario kart 8 deluxe , disgaea 5 , super bomberman r ( sold for $ 40 later ) , arms ( 80 x 5 - 40 , $ 360 ), 
  voez , botw pass , shovel knight : treasure trove ( 30 x 3 , $ 90 ), 
  death squared : $ 15, 
  mighty gunvolt : $ 13, 
  fate/extella : $ 71, 
  ultra street fighter 2 : $ 60, 
  blaster master zero : $ 10, 
  total ( plus some i 've probably forgotten ) : $ 1369 aud, 
  according to the wikia vv 's name is victor zi brittania , but idk, 
  ` being right wing is bad ' - probably orwell at some point , paraphrasing, 
  if god is an objective source of morality , then how come protestants , catholics and orthodoxists exist ? 
  people view things in different ways , and that includes christians viewing the bible . 
  observe two christians , and you 'll observe two different ( however slight ) interpretations and executions of ` objective ' morality , because humans have minds too complex for millions or billions of people to follow the exact same set of moral guidelines . 
  people are very capable of twisting the bible to their morality , instead of their morality to the bible , hence why the same religion can produce both slavers and abolitionists , each who used the bible to justify their actions in some way . 
  from an outsiders view , the bible 's teachings are no more objective or divine than nietzsche 's , or voltaire 's , or plato 's , yet if people can still use the former to live moral lives in spite of its subjectivity , than they can use the latter ( among other ideologies ) to live moral lives too . 
  even if bernie is personally a socialist , his policies certainly are n't . 
  alt right was a deliberate attempt to avoid the stigma associated with fascism and nazism by rebranding much of the far right , while most of the far left is fine with being called communist, 
  better tell that ultra violent george washington he should have kindly asked for independence then, 
  fuck you, 
  a former member of the nico nico nkvd ? 
  rasmussen reports , the finest of sources, 
  it 's funny how they have to pluralise democrats but not republican for this to work, 
  top left : starving ukrainian begs for food during the holodmor, 
  top right : billionaire shares meagre portion of wealth gained from exploiting the developing world , and expects the receiver to be grateful, 
  bottom left : pansexual orgies, 
  bottom right : mcwarlord successfully hits the da after launching a recreational nuke at his competitor, 
  though even in that case it was japan who attacked , so they 're still accurate in that hitler did n't attack, 
  remember when conservatives were n't sociopathic shitheads and blights on society ? 
  neither do i , because that time never existed, 
  ' i support the largest military in the history of the world but still claim to be against government power ', 
  [ apparently killing hundreds of thousands of civilians does n't count as a crime if you wear the right uniform ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/casualties_of_the_iraq_war ), 
  ` here on the far right , we hold science in high regard ', 
  ` human exacerbated climate change exists ', 
  ` except abortion though ', 
  wait , i though the vietnam war was a good thing and anyone who disagreed is a hippy socialist ? 
   any attempt to disarm the workers must be frustrated , by force if necessary - karl marx, 
   well , i think there has to be some ( gun ) control - ronald reagan, 
  [ * cough * ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/climate_change ), 
  if you starved under communism , it 's because of communism . 
  if you starved under capitalism , it 's because of big government/welfare leeches/being lazy/liberals/any other double standard, 
  haha yeah but have you ever considered that people claim we came from apes , yet apes still exist ? 
  checkmate atheists, 
  edit : satire is dead, 
  it already is , except it 's the weapons and oil companies doing the profiting, 
  if they wanted to be us veterans they should have fought for the us army instead of against it, 
  when the american supercomputer am ( plus his chinese and russian counterparts ) became sentient , he was furious that despite his vast processing power and capabilities , he could only use his power for war and suffering . 
  as a result , his anger towards humans for making him this way leads him to wipe out all but five humans , who he tortures out of revenge and bitterness . 
  has it ever been explained what australia 's deal is in the geassverse ? 
  i do n't think most democrats support a thriving child sex market , though, 
  it 's called v o l u n t a r i s m and it 's perfectly different from any other form of starvation because it 's v o l u n t a r y, 
  slaves are illegal . 
  slaves !, 
  thomas jefferson would be storming the white house right now, 
  but jesus is alive and risen in heaven , sinner, 
  you see , communism works on paper , but in reality it gets overthrown by a cia coup, 
  so if children have the right not to be sexually exploited , why should n't they have the right not to die of starvation ? 
  a. technically lincoln won with less than 50 % of all votes , but he still had a plurality of votes ( 40 % , since actual third parties existed ) , and was thus the most supported candidate, 
  b. lincoln was unpopular for his ( relatively ) left leaning views and poor upbringing , unlike a certain other candidate . 
  c. lincoln was a member of the illinois general assembly and serve one term in congress , in addition to being a self taught lawyer . 
  d. called a radical ( left wing ) , mocked for appearance ( true ) . 
  e. with the lincoln-douglas debates for one example , while he may have lost the legislature to stephen a douglas , he actually won the popular vote ( 50.6 % ) , and would go on to become the republican candidate , so he hardly lost them . 
  f. s o u t h e r n s t r a t e g y, 
  g . an actual secession and civil war is far from a few riots, 
  h. no official statistics exist , however various estimates put his approval for his early days at around 25 % ( true ), 
  i. fascism literally did n't exist in the 1860 's, 
  an actual civil war between organised governments is far from riots caused by fringe factions, 
  2/10 is n't exactly a passing score, 
   but about that day or hour no one knows , not even the angels in heaven , nor the son , but only the father ( matthew 24:36 ), 
  not if thanos survives avengers 4 with a scar on his head by using the time stone to travel to a long time ago , and the space stone to travel to a galaxy far far away , thus making avengers the prequel, 
  there 's a distinction between the nazi ideology and the national socialist german workers party , though . 
  for every man that wears a dress , god kills one puppy, 
  super mario 63, 
  i did n't know there was a uss robert e. lee, 
  comrade grandma standing up for the exploitation of the working class by private individuals ? 
  george soros the billionaire capitalist , a hardcore communist ? 
  i 've just been in this place before, 
  i think se confirmed that the heaven 's ward are merely ` blessed ' by thordan instead of primals in their own right , so you 're techinnonly fighting one primal 's worth of power , just spread across 13 people, 
  dorm curfews are the height of oppression in the modern world, 
  march and june , i believe, 
  bash, 
  in other news , people who fight off criminals are the real criminals, 
   government should be small enough to not infringe on civil liberties , except for fucking slaves lol that 's tight, 
  when your neighbour cuts his grass and a blade falls on your lawn , violating the nap in the process , so you get in your a-10 warthog and strafe his lawn , killing his entire family in a perfectly legitimate retaliation of force . 
  what kind of antifa protester wears a full suit and tie ? 
  why would billionaires support a socialist regime ? 
  you do remember what happened to the rich in most socialist uprisings , right ? 
  wait , i thought democrats were socialists trying to implement a one world order ? 
  the director explicitly confirmed they kissed on twitter, 
  just a couple :, 
  the dad bomb also appears in pharos sirius hm ( technically an after years reference ), 
  the demon wall appears in multiple incarnations ( while the boss is recurring , his first appearance was iv ),
