  i know this one is right , but i did it for the lolz . 
  apparently a newspaper from the mid 1800 's is a viable source in the sjw circles . 
  from the hunger games wiki, 
   nearly everything is destroyed and due to the explosion and her relative proximity , katniss becomes deaf in her left ear . 
  i thought jews were basically honorary whites at this point , according to sjw 's . 
  ink in your blood is probably really unhealthy . 
  [ * god do n't real * ** silly fundie ** ] ( / / #quote ), 
   and thus , mega sarkeesian was born, 
  so is anita a pokemon now ? 
  the time for bill is nye . 
  after reading posts like this , i sort of understand why hitler started up a eugenics program . 
  he 'd be able to worm his way out of it , and if he ca n't , expect a news story about the ` persecution ' against christians . 
  basically the only white guy in the show is jet . 
  newsflash : if you do n't believe in the religion , it 's mythology to you . 
  when i was running satasha normal as a rogue , we had a gladiator who refused to use flash despite me , the other dps and the healer telling him repeatedly to . 
  i ended up basically being the de facto tank since the gladiator was also terrible at pulling aggro with savage blade . 
  meeting marty mcfly in october . 
  so if i spend the entire year mucking around , not bothering to learn a shred of information from school , and fail all my tests , it 's the teachers fault ? 
  i should have done that in high school then . 
  oh boy , here we go . 
  ok then mr/mrs/xer sjw , send a plague of locusts to my house , and we 'll see who 's the god here . 
  anyone who is anti abortion wo n't be swayed by a documentary about it . 
  also , being aborted would probably be better than living with a sjw . 
  two can play at this game . 
  all blacks are thugs . 
  all muslims are terrorists . 
  all native americans are alcoholics . 
  all gays are std ridden . 
  all jews are shekel lovers . 
  generic tumblr response : but reverse sjw standards do n't exists because power + privilege or something , and all this is whitesplaining so check your privilege . 
  seems legit . 
  he could have done something worthwhile , like preventing the deaths , but of course comforting is * far * better . 
  check out muh mixtape man . 
  if dragon-kin is a religion , then all non dragon-kin do n't believe in it , meaning they think you 're not a dragon . 
  also , where are the real dragons for them to compare their souls to for them to have a scientific basis for being a dragon-kin . 
  i thought sjw 's wanted men to stop focusing on looks , and on personality . 
  unless that personality is smart , which makes it literally oppression . 
  i guess slavery was pretty mild compared to a few teens getting shot by cops . 
  the fact you do n't care is a result of the white cis straight male christian heteronormative patriarchy . 
  i thought that being a god meant everything was safe . 
  and after pulling out her medal , she pulled out her nobel prize in obesity studies and lived happily ever after . 
   god told her to come to ross, 
  and then the guys teacher popped out of nowhere and asked how god can give people money if there 's evil in the world . 
  the password was noscoper69, 
   using the bible as a reference which pissed me off, 
  and then the friend tipped his fedora \u2122 , drank his mountain dew , said `` m'lady ' , and was on his way to post dank memes . 
  well the bully got $ 20 out of it , so i 'd say he won . 
  obviously just a selfie . 
  so to sum it up , some kid does n't know that soldiers are n't immortal superbeings . 
  unless she wants all wars to be fought by people poking each other , there will be horrific consequences . 
  technically there 's also the ct storyline , but that 's so easy you do n't need a static to run it . 
  / r/gaybroscirclejerk, 
  i have the power to wish for anything , i can not have this power taken from me at any time , i wo n't die before i can make my first wish , i can grant my own wishes instead of relying on anyone , there is no limit to how many wishes per day i can make . 
  of course . 
  i prefer to call being anti otherkin rationalism . 
  actually you have to be muslim , since the sjw 's hate atheism . 
  a video actually showing the shaving would be nice , but also evil and basically rape . 
  no , the title is wrong . 
  preferences only make you a bigot if that preference is n't for one of our chosen groups . 
  apparently pointing a gun at someones head is not a part of the ` privilege plus power ' narrative that the sjws have constructed ,, 
  there 's been so many shot specials on here it 's not funny . 
  because the bible called for the disciples to aggressively spread christianity , even at risk of death , and somehow they managed to get constantine on their side . 
  but what if your religion is anti science , anti black people , anti women , and pro katy perry ? 
  the bit about constantine was n't about how it survived , but how it became a dominant faith instead of being regulated to the sidelines and in hiding . 
  finally , after all this time , i was here . 
  the nasa mars project had been at a stalemate for a while after the problem of distance , but once the esa got involved , their mutual cooperation was enough to make the time manageable . 
  i looked over to my comrade dave , and began to speak . 
  `` hey dude , can i go first '' ? 
  i asked him expectantly . 
  `` sure thing bro . '', 
  he said . 
  dave was never one to aggressively seek credit . 
  he was always more inclined to stay in the background . 
  as i opened the shuttle door , and climbed down the ladder , i racked my brain for inspiring words to say . 
  but , try as i may , i could n't think of a thing . 
  one of the greatest achievements of all humanity , and i was tongue tied !, 
  i could feel the eyes of dave , and the whole world on me , as i blurted out the first thought that popped into my head , instantly regretting what i could not take back ,, 
  `` mum , i 'm on tv ! '', 
  what if that figure is a hot dog salesman ? 
  checkmate tumblrinas !, 
  i would not care in the slightest . 
  unless ubisoft makes them . 
  time to play yahweh 's advocate . 
  this is a question at the level of / r/debateanatheist in all honesty . 
  this comes down to `` can a christian own something entertaining without it being a sinner '' . 
  nowhere in the bible is there an 11th commandment that says `` thou shalt not doeth stuff that art not in the service of thine lord '' . 
   there is never a need for a tv , its always a want . 
  all you need for life on earth is food , water and oxygen ( and serving a god if you believe in that ) . 
  the bible does n't say for you to only have what you need . 
  i want a pet dragon . 
  many other people want a pet dragon , and many people do n't . 
  that is n't evidence for the existence of domesticated dragons . 
  i think that by now , all white people committing suicide is the only thing that will please sjws . 
  unless of course , they commit suicide in a way that only a privileged white male could . 
  fencing on top of yachts in a sea of molten gold while standing on the backs of under privileged innocent poc 's and shouting racial slurs while drinking pumpkin spiced lattes and wearing blackface . 
  white people do n't experience physics . 
  they use their white privilege to fly , travel faster than light , and go back through time . 
  sjw 's make it seem like a field of oppression emanates from every white cis straight male , that uses its pathfinding ai to track down all oppressed people and oppresses them , instead of , you know , individual people doing individual things . 
  damn son that 's weak . 
  i 've personally been pulling 8 rapes a week , 9 abuses , and 13 murders per day .
