  the male ninja idle pose looks like edge ( do n't have a screenshot ), 
  is it not possible that efforts made to combat climate change ( however lacking ) have forestalled ( yet not outright prevented ) many of the more obvious disasters ? 
  i 've always liked final fantasy 's ultima weapon ( the sword and the enemy ), 
  wtf i love ron paul now, 
  what about private schools ? 
  allies won , get over it ? 
  it 's actually your flag , not your country, 
  four years out of 241 is n't enough to call heritage , and it 's hard to support both a nation and one that existed solely to secede from and start a war against said nation . 
  what does america get out of a relationship with israel besides a semi-secular democracy in the me ? 
  just about any western european or north american nation would be a far better choice . 
  any police officer should get the respect they deserve , the presence of a badge does n't make them a better person, 
  if ` racism still exists ' is enough to divide the country , it ca n't have been very unified in the first place, 
  i highly doubt this person supports universal healthcare , welfare , abolishing the death penalty , reducing the scope of the military , or any method of saving lives that would actually work, 
  `` i do n't hate gay people , i just do n't want them getting married/being served in ships/showing any degree of public gayness/etc '', 
  it 's supporting fundamentalist christian views that causes many of america 's issues , regressing further into them will only make it worse . 
  it 's true , the communist manifesto just has ` really high taxes ' underlined several times in all caps . 
  it 's in america 's benefit to have a ( legally ) secular democracy in the me , though i agree it 's far from america 's best ally, 
  it 's a little known fact that hitler committed suicide after hearing a particularly moving rendition of wonderwall, 
  l 's true name is canonically l lawliet , and iirc he had no birth name and l was just a nickname given to him by watari , so the name you write for a person is independent of what that person perceives it to be, 
  assuming the light = unnamed shinigami theory is true , it 's possible that the shinigami king may have held off on giving light a personal death note for a while ( maybe as punishment for claiming to be above shinigami as a god ) , and during that time light may have gained some perspective and lost his initial megalomania . 
  and if other criminal killers are known to the world ( even if to a limited extent ) , why are the police initially so averse to the idea of supernatural causes for the criminal deaths ? 
  they voluntarily chose to breathe in that air , they could have held their breath until the gas subsided if they wished, 
  / r/accidentallycommunist is more popular, 
   nigger , faggot , jew , cunt , gamers say these just as they would fuck or shit . 
  it 's meaningless . 
  that just makes gamers look worse, 
  spending thousands of years alone convinced himself that he was the supreme being of the universe and that all other life was inferior , therefore the universe was better off only being him, 
  i do n't think the mcu 's gone into much detail on celestials, 
  hillary clinton the communist radical ? 
  just call out ` civil war losing slaveowner ' instesd, 
  if it pleases the crown , may i voluntarily purchase recreational nuclear weaponry to defend against violations of the nap, 
  well yeah , but they 're also on the verge of becoming islamic sharia states , keep that in mind, 
  not voting is essentially voting in favour of whoever wins , which is more responsible than those who voted against the winner, 
  ` democrats are bad , so vote for republicans , who do all the same things but worse , and do n't even bother trying to hide it ', 
  doom 4 was amazing with vulkan , managed to hit 1440p/constant 60 fps/medium-high on an r9 290 + fx 6300, 
  i 'd like nier better if they bothered to fix pc performance issues, 
   politicalhumour is a socialist subreddit, 
  i wish, 
  decades of red scare propaganda ? 
  hey guys , spoiler alert here , but lelouch is zero, 
  * noticss your tax cuts * owo what 's this, 
  that ham is going to trickle down anyway now, 
  any communist government in history , because ` big government ' and ` fascism ' are not synonyms ? 
  iirc you still stream them , but you keep it forever instead of being on a sub, 
  vic mignogna : edward elric , tamaki suou, 
  j. michael tatum : france , sebastian michaelis, 
  started this week :, 
  d.gray-man ( too soon to call ) : got into it after funi announced they were continuing the dub past ep 51 . 
  so far a solid show , todd haberkorn is a great lead so far . 
  gankutsuou ( too soon ) : loosely based off the count of monte cristo . 
  art style is probably the most bizarre i 've seen , but it 's still very appealing and well done . 
  johnny yong bosch and jamieson price look to be solid actors . 
  continuing :, 
  monster ( e63 , 10/10 ) : incredible plot and characters , good animation ( for 2004 ) , engaging voice actors ( liam o'brian , keith silverstein , karen strassman ) . 
  can drag on a bit in some areas , and has a cast large enough that many suffer from little screen time . 
  neon genesis evangelion was n't bad , per se , but it was fairly inconsistent between actors ( just look at kaworu 's original va ), 
  his watch had a backup of hillary 's emails though, 
  i think the switch version of wolfenstein 2 was early 2018, 
  this is n't role playing enough for you ? 
  i 'm not role playing enough for you ? 
  it was roleplaying enough for casuals !, 
  this is n't role playing enough for you ? 
  i 'm not role playing enough for you ? 
  it was roleplaying enough for casuals !, 
  this is n't role playing enough for you ? 
  i 'm not role playing enough for you ? 
  it was roleplaying enough for casuals !, 
  funny , which political ideology is the one waving around confederate flags ? 
  [ neither have i ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/coivdadwyaavcma.jpg ), 
  it does compare jews to animals, 
  i meant more along the lines of individual actors varying wildly in quality between each other . 
  kaworu was an example of a character whose original va ( kyle sturdivant ) was atrocious compared to other actors from the series like tiffany grant or spike spencer , who by the standards of the fledgling 90 's dub scene were quite good . 
  socialism : a political and economic theory of social organization which advocates that the means of production , distribution , and exchange should be owned or regulated by the community as a whole . 
  does bill gates advocate for the collective ownership of the means of production ? 
  if not , then he 's not a socialist . 
  stephen king is also not the president of the us, 
   how is trump a racist ? 
  [ how is n't he ? 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/enoughtrumpspam/comments/65h3b6/a_final_response_to_the_tell_me_why_trump_is/ ), 
  if you do n't want to be taxed , do n't have a job . 
  if you voluntarily consent to having a job , you voluntarily accept any taxation that comes with the job . 
  it 's true , the lawns of liberals are practically indistinguishable from jungles since they 've never been mowed, 
  i doubt john brown was the biggest fan of the government given that he led an armed insurrection against it . 
  note that gates himself never says the word socialism once in that , it 's only in the title , and also that he does n't advocate for the collective ownership of the means of production, 
  i 'm sorry jeannie , while your answer was correct donald declared that his answer was an alternate fact , so he gets the points . 
  so is ancient rome a socialist state now , since they owned things privately ? 
  are conservatives socialist , since they advocate for a publicly owned military ? 
  the definition of socialism is not ` the government doing stuff ' , it has a fixed , objective meaning , and bill gates in no way falls under that umbrella . 
  ` but do n't you dare step on that flag or kneel for that anthem ', 
  no , the abolishment of the modern capitalist government is a big part of socialism . 
  otherwise , what 's the difference between a socialist and a social democrat ? 
  liberalism a f social democracy seeks to reform the existing system , socialism seeks to overthrow and replace the existing system , that 's literally the central argument of any socialist movement or ideology in history . 
  taxation * is * capitalism , socialism would seek to abolish wealth altogether . 
  using democracy to bring about socialism is democratic socialism , social democracy is just capitalism with more welfare and services . 
  the soviet union under stalin did n't have taxes ; it directly requisitioned goods from producers . 
  are you arguing that joseph stalin is less of a socialist than ronald reagan ? 
  it 's a hotly contested topic , to say the least . 
  if you want i can pm you more later , because commenting back and forth is getting annoying, 
  if all muslims want a global jihad against christians then why are more than 90 % of isis 's victims muslims ? 
  i do n't think the op thought too hard about making the confederates a raging force of destruction,
