  got kicked from a ravana ex party for pointing out that lb ` ing him with warlords shell up was a horrible idea ( was off tanking , the party had low dps , so we had lb3 up for his second shell ) . 
  i think personhood would be a better term , since pigs have sentience , yet we still kill them . 
  tfw you realise you 're a chameleon . 
  i beat it with one snowman piece , face steak and six l heros , so it 's definitely possible . 
  ants kick out ants from other nests because they smell weird . 
  tetris is homophobic because everyone likes the straight pieces the most . 
  just like trump . 
  maybe it 's a sphere ? 
  you do n't necessarily need to clear it , since the required drops are on the mb , but they 're generally quite expensive . 
  ca n't remember where i saw this , but i saw an article where someone said that the reason they do n't do time based subs is because it punishes jobs like dps , since they have to spend far longer in queues , making them pay more for no good reason . 
  wonder guard spiritomb does n't actually work in gen 6 , since the new fairy type is 2x effective on him now . 
  it has not been easy for me , i started off in new home . 
  my father gave me a small loan of a million buttercups . 
  started as a pld , picked up blm at 50 since i did n't like endgame tanking ( at that point ) , switched to nin in 2.4 , then i picked up a war for faster queues on the side in 2.5 . 
  i do n't think you can grow dishwashing liquids or soft drink . 
  so it would be ok for me to rob you of everything you own , because i told myself i can do it with my life ? 
  with nintendo , i feel like it 's better ( still not good ) , because they 're the ones making the games m , as opposed to microsoft or sony bribing third parties for exclusives or timed exclusives . 
  probably dead from a car crash . 
  even assuming the statistics are true , what does welfare have to do with absent black fathers ? 
  if anything , it would lower the rate of absent parents , since extra money would allay people 's fears that they could n't earn enough to support a family . 
  i do n't think a few explosives would have cost over two trillion dollars . 
  by sighing , frisk would reset the timeline , which sans does n't want , so he rushes over to stop him . 
  maybe the author was saying that if you 're having a bad time ( do n't even ) , a sigh can help you start to get over , or reset , the bad feelings . 
  in the fight , it says `` you tell asgore that he 's killed you once before . 
  he nods sadly '' , which would seem to indicate that he is n't surprised that he killed you , indicating he knew about it prior to the fight , likely from alphys ' dt experiments . 
  but thats just a theory !, 
  with regards to your point about sans never changing his mouth , there is one moment where his mouth does change . 
  at the very moment when you hit him in geno , the corners of his mouth turn down ever so slightly ( visible in [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pjbbprsjwq0 ) at 3:25 ) . 
  i 'd say that the reason his mouth never changes otherwise is because he deliberately keeps it that way , and the geno moment is because he is so shocked you actually hit him ( right before that he says ` heh . 
  didja really think you would - ' ) , that he slips up . 
  other than that , the rest looks all sound . 
  i 'm on tonberry ( elemental data centre ) , and on my nin i get around 3-20 mins depending on time of day and luck , however it 's generally long enough that i run it as my war unless i 'm really not in the tanking mood . 
  if a liberal does n't like abortions , she does n't get one/ask his partner to get one . 
  if a conservative does n't like abortions , he shoots up the clinic providing them and demands it gets defunded . 
  if a liberal encounters a gay person in his shop , he serves them politely . 
  if a conservative encounters a gay person in his shop , he tries to get legislation passed banning that person and everyone like him from the shop . 
  if a liberal encounters an arabic person immediately after an islamic terror attack , he lets the person be . 
  if a conservative if a liberal encounters an arabic person immediately after an islamic terror attack , he severely assaults the person despite them being a sikh , and then later calls for the banning of that entire person 's supposed religious group from the country . 
  see , everyone can make baseless judgements about the actions of people with certain views . 
  in the ` if god does n't exist ' row , it says that dead believers leave behind good memories in those they interacted with , but alleges that apparently non believers are all baby eating satanists who had no positive interactions with anyone . 
  it 's only piracy if you do n't own the game , i already own the wii u disc copy but i 'll probably still pick this up when it releases for the convenience of it being all on one system . 
  well the cheating point stands , but remember that earlier in the book neville mentions his uncle accidentally dropped him out a window and he just bounced , so maybe wizards have just good accidental falling magic skills . 
  that 's what i meant to say , as in ` pick this up ' meaning cemu , not a copy of the iso . 
  probably should have worded this better though . 
  i think back when elder scrolls online was still sub to play , it required gold , but i do n't remember for sure . 
  what if queen elizabeth ii is a witch who made a secret philosopher 's stone , and that 's why she lived so long ? 
  + / u/user _ simulator mattster00, 
  while that would make sense , since the prime minister at the time of his and fudges meeting was john major , who succeeded thatcher , two main things may disprove this . 
  by the time fudge met thatcher , there would have been two other ministers of magic , which would likely make her less surprised about the third one . 
  b. fudge refers to the previous minister as a ` he ' , although he might have just thought thatcher was a man , which could be why she threw him out of the window . 
  i 'm fairly certain pope francis has n't spoken infallibly yet , so he has n't really changed anything . 
   all lives matter, 
  unless they 're jewish , muslim or atheist , in which case , hell for them !, 
  i think you mean papist , lieberal scum . 
  then his noodliness will bless you and your holy colander, 
  too much manual input . 
  i prefer to be lazy and take an extra 20 seconds than manually walk my character further . 
  at the technical level , you 'd be right , but you only need to look at basically anyone decrying illegal immigration to see why they 're racist . 
  4 half assed jobs = 2 full assed jobs, 
  only boss monsters , currently only toriel , asgore and asriel . 
  boss monsters and bosses are different things , but honestly idk why the dreemurrs are the only boss monsters in the game . 
  getting dust on your desk wo n't make it rot away . 
  his uncle works at amd . 
  i 'm fairly certain those definitions are wrong . 
  anti-theism is n't the assertion of disbelief , it 's the hatred or dislike of religion itself . 
  strong atheism is the assertion of disbelief , while weak atheism is the uncertainty . 
  actually , dark matter is just regular matter , but shy , so we view it in the dark so it does n't know we 're watching and hide . 
  drinking liquid metal is worse than inhaling smoke . 
  only 6 years , counting the original xiv . 
  i 've seen the pc copy in a few eb games in sydney , but no expansions . 
  it 's just 6 i believe . 
  apparently we 're both wrong , i just looked it up and it 's 5 ( 3 +2 for pld ) plus the true ice weapon . 
  time to repost what i said last time this was posted for easy karma . 
  if a liberal has a religion , he keeps it to himself . 
  if a conservative has a religion , he plasters it all over government buildings , tries to get it taught in government schools while directly opposing science , tries to make its commandments law , and runs for president under a message of god . 
  if a liberal does n't like abortions , she does n't get one/ask his partner to get one . 
  if a conservative does n't like abortions , he shoots up the clinic providing them and demands it gets defunded . 
  if a liberal encounters a gay person in his shop , he serves them politely . 
  if a conservative encounters a gay person in his shop , he tries to get legislation passed banning that person and everyone like him from the shop . 
  if a liberal encounters an arabic person immediately after an islamic terror attack , he lets the person be . 
  if a conservative if a liberal encounters an arabic person immediately after an islamic terror attack , he severely assaults the person despite them being a sikh , and then later calls for the banning of that entire person 's supposed religious group from the country . 
  see , everyone can make baseless judgements about the actions of people with certain views . 
  not op , but i went from 19 '' 1080p to 23 '' 1440p and the difference was massive . 
  the main character in the ( currently ) japan-exclusive game great detective pikachu for the 3ds . 
  benghazi !!!!!!! 1 !!!! 111one !!, 
  well , the higher ups in gaming companies can make quite a bit ( notch from minecraft sold it for 2.5 billion ) , but the post was likely referring to players , such as youtubers or pro contest gamers . 
  earth is the apex predator in its environment , so it has n't seen a need to evolve yet . 
  it 's possible that with napstablooks soul , asriel could have perma killed you before you could snap him out of it , so really in a sense napstablook may have saved you . 
  because the vacuum is 13.7 billion years old , so without sending it back to the manufacturer for repair it has begun to break . 
  muh war of northern agression . 
  in that ending , chara probably just did that as a way to break the barrier and kill all humans , not out of a genuine desire to save asriel . 
   donald trump is a cultural revolution, 
  that i can agree with . 
  maybe it was one of the hitman 's victims from the first one ? 
  i do n't want australia to go bankrupt . 
  it 's so well done , i can get 1440p 60 fps in just about anywhere on an fx-6300 + r9 290 . 
  i think in 3.1 the i205 heavensfire for mch was better than the i210 anima , because the lack of a weapon damage upgrade plus superior secondaries made for an overall better weapon . 
  i do have my graphics settings set to standard laptop though . 
  there are some instances where it 's better to hold off ( like ravana 's defence stance and waukkeon 's evasion up period ) but for the most part use it asap to make sure you get the full benefit . 
  tonberry for enemies , ultima weapon for bosses .
