  dae unemployed people deserve to die ? 
  so all i need to be happy is a frontal lobotomy ? 
  why did n't anyone think of that before ? 
  if you have n't yet , i 'd recommend checking out ifrit 's appearance in xiv , imo it 's one of his best in the series . 
  i remember my first time fighting a marlboro in viii , my only capable character was squall with berserk and gradual petrify , so it was a matter of just watching squall whittle down his hp ( i had 255 str so it was n't too bad ) while hoping he did n't end up petrified . 
  not enough guns . 
  some people say that things like rich people should give away heaps of money to the poor and stuff is socialist . 
  i do n't think poor people need diamonds as much as water . 
  the last main series game was lightning returns in 2014 , but in terms of an entirely new numbered game the last was xiv in 2010 . 
  xenoblade chronicles . 
  it 's more that the wii u is highly underpowered . 
  my absolute favourite is the vath , with the amal ` jaa in second . 
  while i do like the phase 1 theme , it 's likely that when zurvan and sophia mounts come out they 'll likely have unique themes ( because three with the same would be stupid when others are different ) , meaning that either seph is the odd one out or they change his theme . 
  reminds me of that screenshot of the ` boycott modern warfare 2 ' steam group where 99 % of the group was playing it . 
  for the atheist satanists to eat , of course !, 
  i got my first name lewin from a lore site for midlanders , and my last name klauser from bartz from ffv . 
  * tips aborted baby parts *, 
  early christians twisted the bible to say that pontius pilate tried to spare jesus , but the jews still wanted him dead , to try and convert romans by assuaging their guilt over jesus ' death , and starting hundreds of years of european anti-semitism . 
  i played on odin before it moved to europe , and i could clear ex primals and coil easy ( although i do n't know if canada is any better for ping than the us ), 
  from xiv ( spoilers ahead ), 
  the whole calamity , especially [ louisoix vs bahamut ] ( / spoiler ), 
  lahabrea using ultima to destroy the praetorium, 
  most of the primal summoning sequences/fights , especially ravana and [ king thordan ] ( / spoiler ), 
  your character 's arrival in the main cities, 
  the battle with [ brute justice ] ( / spoiler ) in alexander midas, 
  edit : forgot to spoiler the first one , and additionally : flying around a lot of the hw zones , especially azys lla would be incredible . 
  i 'm pretty sure sans does follow you , since after killing papyrus ( technically not genocide exclusive ) and doing shyren 's concert , it mentions ' a hooded figure watches from a distance ' , implied to be sans . 
  is this like his 4th ama or what ? 
  that was specifically the wutai plot line , not the game as a whole . 
  [ they only care about her skin colour and genitals ] ( https://www.np.reddit.com/r/the_donald/comments/4fpev4/always_remind_liberals_that_harriet_tubmam_was_a/d2atn76 ), 
  explains why they 're the ones who got the wrong woman . 
  ca n't remember where i saw this , but apparently in sweden rape is calculated based on the separates rapes , so one man raping one woman 30 times would count as 30 rapes , skewing the results . 
  sweden does however still beat out the other nordic countries using the same model ( do n't have a source for this ) , but not to the point where anything reasonable can be concluded . 
  scopes and memes, 
  my top 3 are probably high allagan striking , demon tank set and esoterics machinist . 
   you ca n't use two cucumbers or two vinegars to make pickles, 
  have you considered that some people do n't want to make pickles ? 
  hate the military ? 
  why do n't you join the military ? 
  flawless logic . 
  it 's rated ma 15 + ( in australia at least ) so i 'd say 15 is definitely a good enough age , but to each their own . 
  this quote from gerolt in the veil of wiyu relic quest ( sourced from [ here ] ( http://ffxiv.gamerescape.com/wiki/a_relic_reborn_ ( veil_of_wiyu ) ) states the same : `` in particular , the one about the maiden wiyu springs to mind . 
  't was the most detailed among 'em , ye see . 
  she was a right ravishin ' lass , this wiyu , with bright green eyes an ' a fiery spirit to match . 
  alas , she goes on to meet a premature end . 
  accordin ' to the tale , she an ' her comrades square off against odin , the dark divinity . 
  when the battle takes an ill turn , she sacrifices herself to save her party . '', 
  i think that 's more than one statement . 
  those unemployed people should have purchase some handy bootstraps to pull themselves up with . 
  virtual reality . 
  walked off the side of the map tanking ravana ex when i was moving out for the swift liberation and accidentally hit autorun . 
  he just had to look at it from a different aang-le . 
  it 's possible to have sex without a condom . 
  they 're not out of the business , they just do n't make consoles . 
  that 's just what big science wants you to think . 
  what else but the reaganometer ? 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but i thought that everyone essentially has their ` own ' type of cancer ( since it 's made from your own mutated cells ) , so putting cancer in vaccines or whatever would n't really make a difference ? 
  i mean as in you ca n't use someone 's else 's cancer to infect someone deliberately . 
  no but u dont understand he wants to sell our country to the commie mooslims and chinese !!!!!!?!!!, 
  she 's the one who gives you the anima items in exchange for unidentified and crafted items in mor dhona as of 3.15, 
  have you ever heard of inflation ? 
   since they 've ( drones ) been used domestically on u.s citizens without approval of congress . 
  i 'm actually fine with the use of them in war zones , but on u.s soil with the purpose of bulk surveillance gathering is where i firmly draw the line . 
  spying on americans is wrong , but mass murdering brown people ? 
  no problem with that !, 
  not all non-indian asians are also american though . 
  you missed the '10 years earlier ' picture where all the healthy ones are still alive and the unhealthy ones are dead . 
  muh southern strategy do n't real . 
  you feeder !, 
  in this game , it 's towerdive or be towerdived . 
   most of your friends already own a console, 
  yeah and literally all of them own a pc, 
  `` nobody giveth a fuck '' - common sense 1:1 -5, 
  clearing turn 5 at level 50 in ffxiv . 
  you have a set magic shield around you for a certain amount of damage , that warps you off the map for a bit once it 's broken . 
  assuming they want to announce it at the same time as hw was announced , it would be around 3.4 ( hw was announced right before 2.4 dropped ) , meaning it should be shown around august if the 3 months per patch sticks . 
  op mentioned that there was a direct line of sight from the bathroom , to the bedroom , to the creepy stalker closet , so maybe he glanced in and saw something he found suspicious , and decided to investigate . 
  she 's called shuriken in before crisis ( named after her weapon like the other turks ) , but i do n't know any details about her full name , if she even has one . 
  i 'd say either one of those ( original or xiv style ) would be good , but it 's definitely too early to call . 
  on nin i 'd like to see new ninjitsu 's using the same mudra twice so we do n't need any extra abilities . 
  he was just testing us by planting false evidence like with dinosaur fossils dear !, 
  jesus just representing that / r/pcmasterrace, 
  ben ` czech mate ' garrison never ceases to disappoint . 
  nin basically just got a few ogcd 's and a new combo action that keeps up huton , so i ca n't see how that could be a negative . 
  darkness type attacks are just a type that ignores defense , magic defence , and associated cooldowns ( general reductions like storm 's path still apply ) , to prevent situations like a paladin popping hallowed ground and taking all the steam regulators in a4s . 
  i do n't think standing on a flag is quite on the level of conspiring to destroy america . 
  ben ` let 's get this shoah on the road ' garrison strikes, 
  again !, 
  jynx is actually likely based on the japanese 90 's ganguro fashion trend, 
  philosophers basically went from being respected by rulers and paid tons of money to being jokes about working in fast food . 
  the only real changes involve amiibo iirc . 
  wolf link unlocks a dungeon called the cave of shadows , zelda/sheik replenishes hearts , link/toon link refills arrows and ganondorf makes enemies hit 2x as hard ( stacks on top of hero mode for 4x ) . 
  felt incredible going straight into thordan ex after logging into 3.1 and seeing the changes . 
  when the ps3 and xbox 360 came out the hardware architecture ( cell for ps3 , xenon for xbox ) was basically in line with mid-high end pc 's , with the downside of making them both expensive ( ps3 was sold at at least a $ 200 loss iirc ) and more difficult to program for , hence why games often saw a huge difference at the end of the generation as devs got more familiar with them . 
  ps4 and xbox one , however , use pc style hardware ( basically just custom amd apu 's ) , which , while it is easier to program for , it 's far less powerful relative to what the last gen was at compared to pc , and means that developers are hitting the max earlier on in the gen , making an upgrade more of a necessity . 
  edit : fixed a bit of over-exaggeration in the description of the console capabilities . 
  xenoblade chronicles tho . 
  luigi 's purple coins in super mario galaxy , and basically all the purple coins in 2 . 
  yeah , the 5th best selling console containing the most sold console game of all time is shit and for kids . 
  dae mature games like call of duty are the only real games ?
