  you should have wished them a happy starlight festival . 
  also , what server/data center were you on ? 
  i play on odin , and the people there seem to be cool with happy holidays , especially in my fc ( although a few of them are muslim ) . 
  here 's an interesting fact i found while googling malboro : `` the name malboro comes from the latin `` mal boros '' , meaning `` bad breath '' . 
  yes , but as the title implies , i am obviously an old rich white man who can buy anything . 
  yes , but is she a christian atheist ? 
  jesus was tried for legitimate crimes ( heresy ) , and the evil white oppressor pontius pilate tried to get him off , but the good noble poc jews wanted him dead for being a false prophet . 
  also , and i do n't see how you could have missed this , he was a god ( at least to christians ) . 
  if he wanted off , he would have gotten off with no harm done , which clearly shows he wanted to be up there . 
  omg stop persecuting me evil liberal . 
  thanks obamacare . 
  here is a summary of 95 % of the questions here ( from theists ) :, 
  check out this miracle , it 's totes legit, 
  how can you be sure nicolas cage does n't exist ? 
  why are atheists mocking my beliefs ? 
  how can you condemn * random genocide * without objective morality ? 
  life/the universe is so complex , how can it not be designed ? 
  answer these , and you are on your way to a slew of karma . 
  all thanks to the / u/mattster00 guide to easy atheistic karma . 
  all religious holidays celebrate genocidal megalomaniacs ( 2edgy4me amirite ) but they 're still legal . 
  well if the bible talks about it , then 2/3 of the world ( including me ) do n't believe in the bible , so checkmate christians/fictionkin !, 
  do it faster , man !, 
  ( you 're obviously a man since you 're oppressing and only males have the power to oppress ) . 
  otherwise , i might have to kick you out of the patriarchs anonymous . 
  where is the complete map of a fictional character 's consciousness for them to compare themselves with ? 
  what basis do they have for comparison ? 
  do they just go `` hmmm , harry potter is brave , i 'm brave , i must be harry potter '' ? 
  it would be nice to get lego batman 3 , divinity : original sin or left 4 dead 1 or 2 . 
  add me my fc is 1821 - 9285 - 4787 . 
  i mostly play pokemon , mario kart and smash bros. 
  i 'll do it , message me on reddit first with your username . 
  ok then , go get smallpox . 
  oh wait , you ca n't , because vaccines fuck yeah . 
  i 'm not sure how your legs do n't count as a practical item . 
  since humans originated from africa , everyone is part african . 
  added you . 
  my steam name is same as on reddit . 
  then you will have heterochromia , which counts as being disabled meaning you have one less privilege . 
  edit : / s, 
  but all these stories are 100 % true !, 
  i meant that as in ` i 'm sure tumblr would find a way ' . 
  stop oppressing people who do n't get sarcasm ableist shitlord !, 
  i just played mega man x and donkey kong country on my wii u. 
  technically , since they just get the body , and keep their own mind , they could end up being cisgender . 
  it 's about a 50/50 chance . 
  oh yes , because it 's not like the japanese inspired fire lord ozai never tried to burn an entire massive city to the ground with a comet or anything . 
  or the chinese inspired dai li tried to brainwash all dissenters into believing there was no war or anything . 
  what is this shitlord on ? 
  toothpaste was made by filthy western capitalists . 
  well ... 
   in religious belief , a deity ( i / \u02c8di\u02d0.\u0268ti / or i / \u02c8de\u026a.\u0268ti / ) is a supernatural being , who may be thought of as holy , divine , or sacred, 
  i 'm fairly certain that none of these people , however unnatural they are , are also supernatural . 
  white person : nigga, 
  sjw : omg that is literally oppression and racism and basically slavery i hope you die in a hole, 
  black person : cracker, 
  sjw : look at that strong independent poc expressing themselves stop getting so offended whites . 
  oh no , someone called me a food , what ever will i do ? 
  say that the ` case for faith ' convinced you to have faith as a gnostic atheist , just for the lols . 
  a subscription to final fantasy xiv . 
  i can change a single word and tumblr would try and burn me at the stake :, 
  some ticks carries a disease , so we 're supposed to avoid them all . 
  some sharks bite people , so we 're supposed to always be cautious in the ocean . 
  some snakes are venomous , so if you ca n't decide whether it 's deadly or not , assume deadly . 
  but no , not all * black * men . 
  when i was running titan hm as a blm , my camera was at a weird angle and i could n't be bothered to change it , then when he began using landslide i ran to avoid it and ended up running off the side of the map . 
  top 1 way to insult a tumblrina : be a cis straight white christian male and not be full of white guilt . 
  when i did it everyone in the party was like `` wtf are you doing you idiot '' and someone tried to vote kick me but i stayed in . 
  to be fair , biblical literacy is a problem too . 
  i probably worded it badly , but it was about retaining more calories from food . 
  well the declaration of independence was written on hemp , so smoking it seems about right . 
  instead of wars , we 'd just have a bunch of cold wars where all the countries just stare at each other menacingly and stockpile nukes without actually doing anything , which would probably be worse since one false step would cause total nuclear annihilation . 
  i 'd rather have a polo to cast it than a marco . 
  i never knew that , and i 've been playing for 8 months . 
  i think this takes the cake . 
  a fellow brother of the titanfallers . 
   starting to get paranoid and delusional, 
  i think they 're the delusional ones here . 
  they look like forms of unown . 
  for your secondary class , there still should be several sidequests left that you can do , which , coupled with hunting logs , should leave you not having to resort to * too * many fates ( although you still will have to have do a few ), 
  for loot list and commendations it should just appear on the right of the screen once you get the chest open ( for loot ) or beat the final boss of the dungeon ( for commendations ) . 
  for health , you should be around 4.5 k as a fresh 50 ( assuming you got all your artefact armour ) . 
  i 'm not the best pld myself , but your strategy seems sound . 
  115 fellow shitlords . 
  i honestly like the final phase of levi ex a lot . 
  it 's fun spotting his slams and seeing your character slide across the screen ( but not if you fall ) . 
  i 'd just leave them behind . 
  yep , atheists are n't evil at all !, 
  now back to virgin sacrifice , devil worship and reading * mein kampf * . 
  time to visit the [ standard ] ( http://monstar-virus.tumblr.com/post/102577852679 ) response to sjw 's who claim women do n't kill men . 
  b-b-but white people have no culture shitlord !, 
  well i doubt god would step down after two four year terms . 
  actually i just found it from a sanity sunday post a few weeks ago and saved it . 
  our prayers to satan keep us eternally strong . 
  pc gaming ftw . 
  it would be nice if people with astral wings tried to jump off tall buildings and fly with them . 
  i do , and i guess you could say that that link 's awakening . 
  i just was n't fi-ling it when i read that one . 
  this is the only real answer . 
  this is offensive to bestiosexuals . 
  should have added / s,
