   if you ca n't say you 're pro-os choice without adding `` but i 'd never use a mac '' i feel like that is a useless statement , as you are still shaming , marginalising and stigmatising those who would or have used macs . 
  brain , so i could be super smart . 
  i use my newfound brainpower to move the new brain somewhere more convenient . 
  it 's not written on hemp , and does n't say `` god do n't real '' so therefore fundie . 
  the best part is that being autistic takes off more points than being disfigured , overweight , female , latino , poor and and non-religious combined . 
  autistic bias much ? 
   do n't blame suicide bombers on terrorism , that demonises muslims, 
   do n't blame suicide bombers on mental illness , that demonises the mentally ill, 
  seems legit . 
  technically hyrstmill , but the guy ( drake ) who upgrades your soldiery and ironworks gear and weapons , as well as the relic quest guys ( gerolt and jalzahn , but they 're not weekly ) and the ixali beast tribe quest ( daily , and in an area between fallgourd and hyrstmill ) . 
  i think at one point they were defending isis for allowing disabled people in . 
  as a 100 % legit australian , i can say that here we have people with upside-down syndrome instead . 
  put your graphics setting on as low as possible to improve your framerate ( 60 + fps works for me ) use a program like wtfast for better latency , and learn his rotation to preempt his plumes . 
  after beating wod , you can get a quest called ` gift of the archmagus ' in revenants toll from an npc . 
  in that quest , you have to run lota , st and wod , and turn in the items you are given from beating them to her , and she 'll give you either a carboncoat or carbontwine , plus an allagan catalyst ( used for crafting ) . 
  it can be done once per week . 
  [ for kids , right ? 
  it 's unlikely they will , but they have n't directly stated they wo n't . 
  it was probably your white , cishet privilege that shielded you . 
  you can only fly by flapping your arms , and you get really tired from doing this . 
  my answer to all of them : idgaf lol, 
  i think it said somewhere that san fransokyo was just san francisco heavily influenced by japanese immigrants . 
  mentally ill person : omg i 'm so triggered part of a site is different literally oppression, 
  me : um okay but it says here in common sense that that 's utterly ridiculous . 
  ios users should get infinity blade i-iii , they 're really good and graphically stunning games , but you need a current gen iphone to run it well . 
  i mean , it would have been better if he batted the cross away with mind lasers , but whatever . 
  if i had infinite money , i would pay tumblr staff to change the layout every week to troll the sjws . 
  i mean , who seriously tells a baby to stop crying ( because it 's a boy , people tell babies to stop crying because they are annoying all the time ) . 
  the biggest strawman ( strawbaby ? ), 
  of all time is right here . 
   thou shalt have no other gods before me, 
  well , if everyone genuinely * wanted * to follow the same god , there would be a lot less religious extremism ( except for different sects and fundamentalists ) , but enforcing it as a law is completely immoral and is in direct violation of the american constitution , as well as most other developed countries ( i have n't read the laws for a whole lot of them ) . 
   thou shalt not make unto thee any graven image, 
  people worshipping a bowl of spaghetti or a lightsaber does literally no harm to society, 
   thou shalt not take the name of the lord thy nicolas cage in vain, 
  people going `` jesus christ this pizza is terrible '' is not really the sort of thing we should be banning , no matter how many other profanities are infused between them . 
  i 'd be perfectly fine if people used mattster00 as an expression ( either positively or negatively ) , and i would n't want it to be banned if i was a god . 
   remember the sabbath day , to keep it holy, 
  assuming the first law was also in effect , most people would do this anyway , but it should n't be a law to force people to go to church every week . 
   honour thy father and thy mother, 
  generally this would be good , but what if one or both of your parents are abusive ? 
  should you hold off on reporting them to the police because it would be dishonouring them ? 
   thou shalt not murder, 
  yes . 
  i completely , wholeheartedly agree with this one ( not counting the army or police ) , but this is already a law . 
   thou shalt not commit adultery, 
  technically it 's legal , but the cheating partner can stand to lose a lot in divorce proceedings . 
  if both parties are up for it , open marriages should n't be made illegal , because both partners are fine with it in that case . 
  even in non consensual cases , the government should n't limit who you have sex with ( not counting relatives or minors ( that being said , i still think you should n't cheat ) ) . 
   thou shalt not steal, 
  i also agree with this one . 
   thou shalt not bear false witness against thy neighbour ( lie ), 
  the term ` false witness ' implies lying in court , which no one should do , but it 's already illegal ( perjury ) . 
  in the case of everyday life , lying is n't always the best thing to do , but banning such things as telling kids santa claus puts presents under the tree is not a good idea . 
   thou shalt not covet, 
  this is a terrible one , mainly because , at its core , it is a thoughtcrime . 
  literally banning certain thoughts is one of the most totalitarian thing anyone could do , and seems like it was written as a [ catch-22 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/catch-22_%28logic%29 ) ( i 'm not sure if i used that right ) to force people into sinning , since the bible says everyone is a sinner . 
  coveting ( whether a person or an object ) is n't bad ( unless you creepily stalk someone , but that 's a separate act entirely ) , and should n't be outlawed . 
  so , to summarise , only 2 of these would be good for a society , and they already exist in society as is . 
  one of the fights i 'd like to see is , as / u/saint _ khaoz said below , was one involving jumping . 
  but , to further expand on that concept , one where you use jumping panels ( like in t3 and st ) to jump between different platforms to kill either certain bosses or one part of a super boss ( kinda like how in previous ff games final bosses had multiple parts ) . 
  the challenging part , to prevent you from wailing on a certain boss/part , could be that ( either after a certain amount of time on that segment or at a certain time ) , the part/boss could get massive attack buffs or a one hit kill attack , and to negate it you have to kill an add blocking the jump panels . 
  a possible example in game would be fighting bismarck on a series of airships , and jumping between different ones . 
  i 'm pretty sure that in the goldsmith 50 quest , you 're tasked with making and melding a ring for the sultana as well . 
  my prediction is that , in the thick of the story when you 're in the middle of helping ishgard , they 'll discover midgardsormr 's connection to you , and , despite the fact that you literally just killed one of his sons ( i think vishap is , although i do n't know for sure ) brand you a traitor and try to kill you . 
  midgardsormr will snark about how you found death and destruction in ishgard ( or whatever he said at the end of 2.55 ) , you bitch slap his mini form ( not really ) , and then you go off to fight the dravanians solo . 
  then , after realising midgardsormr was n't your fault , the ishgardians welcome you back with open arms ( probably during an intense battle where you save them from another of midgardsormr 's sons ) . 
  of course good nigerian sir , my credit card number is 4204\u00a02042\u00a00420\u00a06969 , my pin is 1234 and my password is jetfuel . 
  a box of chocolate . 
  they were swearing at the time of their death , and the noise is their last word being censored for all eternity . 
  can confirm , have mouth and nose on bottom of body and am currently drowning . 
  running titan hm as blm , used aetherial manipulation to teleport to someone about to get landslided off the map ... needless to say we both took a dive . 
  `` here 's to alcohol . 
  the cause of , and solution to , all of lifes problems '' - homer simpson, 
  well , time to buy a new phone . 
  most low level drops are bad , so sell them . 
  if you are planning to build some crafters later on , look up what drops that class uses best and keep them to save time and money . 
  it will , but definitely no physical collectors edition ( steam version require a steam bought copy ) , and not sure about digital collectors ( steam has arr digital collectors , so they probably will for heavensward ) . 
  yes , just make sure to add your existing square enix account when you enter the game for the first time ( you ca n't miss it ) , otherwise you will be forced to buy another pc copy . 
  i personally tried this out ( migrated from ps4 to pc ) and there was no problem whatsoever . 
  oh yes , i 'm sure leelah feels * so * smug and privileged to have been bullied into suicide , but have lots of people upset about it . 
  that is the epitome of white privilege . 
  being an edgy atheist . 
  how can clothes be gender neutral if our bodies are n't gender neutral ? 
  as someone who used to play on ps4 and now plays on pc , i can definitely say that pc is better . 
  it has better graphic ( not a particular improvement now , but directx 11 will improve on that ) , external application ( like dps parsers ) support , ability to play when psn is down , cheaper initial cost ( at least in australia where i live , the ps4 version was $ 60 new and the pc version was $ 20 on steam and $ 25 disc , might be different in other countries ) , mod support ( in future , not now ) , better framerate ( ps4 is capped at either 30 or 60 ( not sure which ) , whereas i can get up to 90 on my slightly above average pc ) . 
  ps4 version has support for remote play on vita , which can be nice if you own a vita , but it 's not worth buying a vita for . 
  depends if the robots uprise or not . 
  as long as he does n't nuke their polders , i will be fine . 
  ( i do n't play healer , this is just general advice ), 
  garuda is pretty hard , and so is aurum vale , but by the time you reach 50 it gets easy again , from overgeared people farming it . 
  the difficulty starts slowly picking up as you progress through 2.1 content onwards , but there are no serious spikes of difficulty . 
  knowing the strategy is generally good , but in some fights just following the other party members is enough . 
  the 2.55 trial , on the other hand ... 
  you know , there 's probably a bunch of tumblrinas who do this with white people as rednecks or cowboys . 
  well i do n't know about atheism and autism ( my stem degree was delayed in the mail by fundie postal services ) , but fundies sure do seem to have lots of le schizophrenia !, 
  sjw 's have so thin skin that they 're basically the colossal titan from attack on titan . 
  `` wtf is this ? '', 
  the peasant cried out . 
  `` it 's not cinematic '' he said with a shout .
