  harry potter . 
  even though it 's often overhyped as the greatest book series of all time , i still think it is a really good book series . 
  only the man upstairs . 
  yes , i pray to his noodliness , and he answers my prayers by going `` fuck no , do it yourself , you lazy bitch '' . 
  yeah , but the joke would n't work if she said he has a 45 cm . 
  my doctoral acceptance speech : thank you all for this high honour !, 
  i 'd like to thank my family , my friends , my professors / u/nukethepope , / u/skeen , black science guy , and also god - just kidding !, 
  he do n't real . 
  * tips graduation cap/fedora hybrid *, 
  without any milk . 
  it 's nice to see satan spending his time so well . 
  obviously all of the tornadoes and burning in fire and brimstone was too mainstream for satan . 
  except starving africans . 
  as some one once said about religion `` the good parts are not unique , and the unique parts are n't good '', 
  fred and george sell date rape drugs to teenagers . 
  sam biddle , a guy who works at gawker , tweeted that #gamergate is reaffirming that `` nerds should be constantly shamed and degraded into submission '' , which was a pretty obvious endorsement of bullying . 
  he also retweeted a post offering $ 10000 for `` an un retouched photo of a male gamergate participant we would actually fuck '' . 
  everyone flipped their shit , and as a result they 've got a lot of bad pr , and lost a bunch of advertisers . 
  i do n't have to have my clothes specially tailored . 
  maybe in universe , hitler committed suicide after being freed of the curse , and realising what he was forced to do . 
  imagine if someone actually used those as a real toilet , and a massive shit just erupted out of the fireplace . 
  sick fedora m8 , r8 it 8/8 . 
  anyway , which famous fundie is the most aggravating in your opinion ? 
  your mum is so fat , the tumblr feminists rejected her . 
  to catch a sjw or to catch a special snowflake . 
  phantoms of patriarchy sounds like a ghost story about dead patriarchs . 
  i feel like everyone on tumblr is now just a mismatch of weird sexualities , genders and species . 
  does it send shivers down your spine ? 
  that is one of my triggers . 
  a true skele-kin would understand that the adjectives ` spooky ' and ` scary ' can only be uttered by truly spooky scary skele-kin . 
  they 're our adjectives . 
  a lady was picking through the frozen turkeys at the grocery store , but could n't find one big enough for her family . 
  she asked a stock boy , `` do these turkeys get any bigger ? '', 
  the stock boy replied , `` no ma'am , they 're dead . '', 
  i know right !, 
  it 's almost like they had a sense of morality that was n't impeded by a 2000 year old book !, 
  so evil and crazy !, 
  jar jar binks . 
  til some stuff about scientology . 
  but many of the things that contributed to their ` sinful nature ' were later deemed non sinful , making them falsely believe that many actions were sinful, 
  true , although god could easily have done that with nt laws, 
  but many of the sins later became not sins , meaning that they were falsely attributed . 
  nintendo releasing games on pc that utilise its superior hardware ( as opposed to ports of nes/snes era games ) would be glorious . 
  emoji is an actual picture of a smily face , whereas emoticon is , 
  so what you 're trying to say is `` antitheists would rather eradicate religion than end racism , so therefore antitheism is worse than religion '' . 
  first of all , where is your study that all/the majority of antitheists would rather end racism than religion ? 
  you ca n't just make up bs statistics like this without evidence ( and an antitheist friend who uses racial slurs is not evidence ) . 
  second of all , there 's no objective evidence to say the eradication of racism would be less or more beneficial to humanity as a whole rather than the eradication of religion . 
  finally , the abrahamic religions have often purported racism far more than atheism ever has . 
  i 've been playing civ v , tf2 and ( sorry brothers ) super smash bros for 3ds lately . 
  it 's on a console . 
  while many master racers like nintendo , i 've seen a few who see it on the same level as the potatostation or xboner, 
  what if your perception of reality was shaped by racism ? 
  like if you believed that nicolas cage/a nicolas cage told you that racism was right ? 
  and that that nicolas cage was benevolent so he must be the absolute moral authority ? 
  the only way therefore to end his racism would be to disprove his divine revelation . 
  and look at it this way : without religion , there would have been no al-qaeda , no kkk , no salem witch trials , no crusades , no isis , no westboro baptist church , no hitler , and plenty of other things . 
  w and before you bring up the classic ` stalin and mao ' response , here is my preemptive response : atheists can not commit any act in the name of atheism , because atheism has no tenets or god to commit them in the name of . 
  i 'm not going to pull a no true scotsman fallacy like so many people are doing with isis , and claim that stalin and mao were not atheists , because the only criteria to be an atheist is to not believe in a god . 
  they did n't give speeches about how richard dawkins commanded them to send people to labour camps , or cry `` bill nye akhbar ! '', 
  before blowing up churches , or how the big bang told them to arrest believers . 
  [ ] ( / sobrave2 ), 
  it would have been golden if one of the kids cited arguments from god 's not dead as part of their speeches . 
  this can really be used to argue anything into existence . 
  for example , just replace ` god ' with ` flying spaghetti monster ' and it is equally valid . 
  also , on an individual argument basis :, 
  i ca n't think of a way to rebut that yet , but i 'll edit in an argument if i find one or think of one . 
  not necessarily , it 's just that it 's possible . 
  there is no guarantee that every possibility has ever come about , just that it 's extremely likely, 
  that depends on your definition of greatest . 
  after all , a society with no crime , starvation or poverty would be perfect . 
  it does n't exist , but that does n't diminish its perfection, 
  apply 3, 
  apply 3 and 4, 
  apply, 
  [ * claims to be god * ** but god do n't real ** ] ( / starsandshit ), 
  when the catholics and the protestants kept killing each other in tudor and stuart england . 
  including 3d classics , i have :, 
  super contra ,, 
  punch out ,, 
  super mario bros 1-3 ( inc lost levels ) ,, 
  mario bros arcade, 
  gb/gbc :, 
  links awakening ,, 
  oracle games ,, 
  game gear :, 
  sonic the hedgehog, 
  sonic the hedgehog ,, 
  altered beast ( did n't really like this one though ) ,, 
  kid icarus, 
  do you mean a specific verse or his whole gospel ? 
  i 'm pretty sure this is a copypasta . 
  he said if there was another god e.g. 
  allah , jew god , or another god no one knows about yet , not if you failed god . 
  [ ] ( / / #fundiealert ), 
  but you specifically talked about his son and being a christian . 
  op meant if the muslim god , jewish god , or some as of yet unknown god was the real one , and wanted to punish you for disbelief , whereas your post comes off as failing the christian god . 
  from wikipedia : `` in religious belief , a deity is a supernatural being , who may be thought of as holy , divine , or sacred . '', 
  and if you argue that the christian god has omnipotence , then that is not related to the argument , since it is about a different god . 
  it is possible to be highly powerful , and yet not all powerful .
