  my instincts say it 's probably / pol / trying to con money from democrats, 
  luxury, 
  sometimes liberalism is tragically necessary to view glorious fash bashing remixes, 
  guys it 's all ok , he only wants a bit of * peaceful * ethnic cleansing , you 're the real villains here for opposing him !, 
  it 's times like these we need to follow comrade benson 's advice and, 
  s t i n g, 
  t h e, 
  f a s h, 
  i think we all know what 's next, 
  bash, 
  donald trump is nothing more than a parasite with no individual thought, 
  hopefully he 'll take those suitcase and bash trump across the face with them like the bankers in the temple, 
  if the majority are tired , then how come more than 3 million more people voted against trump than for him ? 
  roadhog, 
  given that they relented on binding of isaac eventually , i 'd say it 's at least possible, 
  as comrade jeb !, 
  would say , ` please punch ', 
   is it possible to learn this ideology ? 
   not from a capitalist, 
   because everything was state owned the free market was severely limited, 
  that 's the idea tho, 
  muh dresden was just as bad as concentration camps, 
  she does n't sniff nearly enough for that to be true, 
  the poor flags, 
  white conservatives are the most racist people there are , because they call black people fucking retard niggers who should go back to africa and excuse police brutality as justified against black people because they 're ` thugs ', 
  please bash - comrade jeb !, 
  please riot, 
  ahem, 
  yeah , because the generations of witch burnings and creationism were the ones that valued intelligence, 
  you underestimate my onions !, 
  you fool !, 
  i 've been trained in your government arts by barack obama !, 
  that 's one biblical killing i can get behind, 
  wow , i never knew george washington was such a liberal cuck / s, 
  mr baruch goldberg ( pictured ) , would later find refuge with the resistance in vichy france one year later in february 1943 . 
  while you may notice the blond hair and blue eyes typical of the aryan ideal , the nazi ` one drop ' rule meant that his father 's jewish blood was enough to mark him for death . 
  do n't forget the best one, 
   communism ca n't work because people are too greedy, 
   charity is an effective substitute for welfare because people are generous, 
  ` why are n't there more female libertarians ? ', 
  so you 're telling me you ca n't feel how many ice cubes are in the red potions ? 
  r/the _ donald and r/altright ? 
  yeah i can kinda see where you 're coming from ? 
  now i can just imagine two gay men sitting forlornly together wondering why they are n't getting pregnant, 
  except if it 's islamic right wing violence , because the religion in front somehow makes it more noteworthy, 
  but was n't grandma the same one saying how women ca n't fight in the army because they 're too weak ? 
  featuring dante from the devil may cry series ? 
  sounds like another victory for small government, 
  but i thought america was better than all other countries and acting like european countries is for socialists, 
  was it hunter2 ? 
  i think it was on dorkly, 
  i thought she 'd be rutella 's ancestor/descendant on seeing her myself, 
  credit : some guy on facebook , i took a screenshot on my phone but missed his name ( also , he probably would n't want his name out there either way ), 
  more like, 
   if we made a buck we defrauded university students, 
  because his lies are what they want to believe, 
  how are they supposed to have gay sex * and * be virgins, 
   sans ' dialogue not all lower case, 
  what even, 
  just kidding i enjoyed his one, 
  bathtub link when ? 
  blaise pascal himself came back from the dead to design the switch 's gpu, 
  this might finally push me to do the 100 % run i neglected on pc , so i 'd buy it, 
  yeah , i 'd say he 's more an octopus than a squid, 
  they 're probably still bolstered magically in some way, 
  i mean , explosions aside ffxiv is very strict with its class roles and allows for little to no skill customisation ( maximum of 5 skills from 2 other classes , but some are objectively superior or inferior ) , so it 's not too much like konosuba ( but still an incredible mmo ), 
   blacked.com, 
   the trump amendment, 
   border security , being necessary for the security of a free state , the right to bear walls , shall not be infringed, 
  while you were marrying naboo queens in secret , i was mastering the rotating hand spin, 
  is doing away with the corrupt bourgeoisie state and establishing communism, 
  unless you come out of the torture with a fresh desire to genocide the jews , you do n't really end up just as bad as the nazis, 
   nazis did not torture people, 
  what the fuck were concentration camps then ? 
  who was josef mengele ? 
  in what world did n't the nazis torture people ? 
  being complicit in the torture and murder of nazis is nowhere near as evil as the torture and murder of jews , gay people , disabled people etc. 
  because at the fundamental level , it is n't the same thing . 
  coldly planning out and particiapting in the literal genocide of an entire race ( and religion , sexuality on a lower level ) over several years , committing multiple murders in the process , is nowhere on the level of torturing and murdering * one * of those murderers out of sheer blind anger that you feel temporarily . 
  that may or may not still be bad , but by comparing the two you 're essentially calling the nazis ` just ' murderers , which they in no way were, 
  fe : fates , final fantasy xiv ( for which a switch port would be nice ) , and alien isolation, 
  currently own wii u and 3ds ( and pc , but all my games on that are digital ) , and i 'm not currently planning on selling either yet due to my massive backlog of games ( currently working on fe fates and 100 % 3d world ) , but i 'm severely downsizing the consoles by selling off a ton of games that i 've already 100 % done and will likely never replay ( like mario galaxy , pokemon white 2 etc ) . 
  just punch harder then, 
  seems to me like saudi arabia is n't a country grandma should want to emulate, 
  what about when it was invented by china to make us manufacturing non-competitive ? 
  so what do you propose ? 
  a ground invasion of china ? 
  because that 's the only way you can force them to stop polluting so much, 
  actually , i was saying ` the only way to stop china polluting is by force ', 
  luxury, 
  from my point of view the jedi are evil !, 
  maybe have the pda say something like ` we appear to be a significant distance from the aurora/lifepod captain . 
  i recommend we return before we lose sight of it ' . 
  that way , the game can tell you to go back without flat out saying ` you 're about to die gtfo ', 
  maybe ` lose track of ' , as in the beacon onboard is going out of range ? 
  domestic abuse is n't something you advertise , it 's not like men who beat women hold a placard above their head conveniently warning people of the fact . 
  it 's something that 's hard to know about before it happens , unlike shitty attitudes , which tend to bleed out in everyday life . 
  in western naboo , born and raised, 
  in the temple was where i spent most of my days, 
  left to right is communism vs capitalism , up to down is authoritarian vs anarchism ( to loosely summarise it ),
