  now we can start searching for the noid, 
  actually the encampment district snaps in two, 
  give america de pusi again, 
  ca n't handle the deus vult , can you ? 
  he was in a picture with a rainbow flag / s, 
  this from the group whose candidate asked for ` second amendment people ' to take care of hillary, 
  considering how many racist slaveowners regularly had children with their slaves , probably not . 
  jet fuel ca n't melt steel beams tho , but look what happened anyway, 
  the ability to have more than 1 restore point, 
  it 's good but expensive , and you need a good system, 
  thanks for that !, 
  also , while we 're on the topic , can you still drop out every 10 floors , or do you have to keep going or die ? 
  but what about the half life 3 port, 
  i enjoy nin a lot , especially getting to live out my inner naruto fantasies with the ninjitsu 's + lb3, 
  the physical manifestation of the danger zone, 
  i do n't think orange is a race, 
  he was 9 years old when ww2 started , most 9 year olds were n't in a position to understand the nuances of why anti-semitism is bad, 
  when strange was on the phone before his crash , one of the patients the guy listed was a woman who had schizophrenia and was struck by lightning, 
  better than reversing years of climate change prevention because you do n't like china, 
  still better than hiring a climate change denier to oversee shutting the epa down, 
  more like shitting on a pillow the same brand as someone else 's, 
  so 's bernie , but that did n't stop the democratic socialist = national socialist comparisons, 
  i have mine set to a playlist with the ct ambient themes ( hubris , out of the labyrinth , blind to the dark ) , alexander ambient ( sins of the father ) , sophia primal theme ( equilibrium ) , alexander prime ( rise ) and fractal continuum ( unbreakable ) . 
  pretty easy to survive something that never happened / s, 
  i think one way to do it without being too obvious would be to do it gradually e.g after toriel your hair changes colour , after papyrus your skin tone goes lighter , after undyne your shirt changes colour , to symbolise how , even though you may be trying hard to go back to your old self , nothing can stop you from regressing back into chara, 
  why not just seize the means of production ? 
  water ifrit . 
  earth ifrit . 
  fire ifrit . 
  air ifrit . 
  long ago , the four ifrits lived together in harmony . 
  then , everything changed when the fire ifrit attacked . 
  all seeing eye 2020, 
  you 'll slip and slide on this bombad vehicle, 
  ( works better if you pronounce it as vee-cle ), 
  do neo-nazis even * have * best people ? 
   hillary voters owe it to america to stop calling everyone a nazi, 
  trump voters owe it to everyone to stop being nazis, 
  the party of milo , everyone, 
  apparently 1/3 of the illegal immigrant population was able to vote undetected, 
   b-b-but someone took a photo of him with a rainbow flag !, 
  the same flag we 've been calling a symbol of hate on the level of the confederate flag but it 's ok when we do it !, 
  but at that point they 're not neo-nazis . 
  because the second coming of christ requires all the jews in israel ( probably so he can smite them for being globalist communists ), 
  fake threats do n't real , it must have been the guns, 
  considering in the poa movie lupin 's moon fear is n't the size of a real moon , it would probably just be one or a few soldiers, 
  how is joining a standing army going to make it * easier * to kill muslims ? 
  would n't you want to lull them into a false sense of security by acting ok with them ? 
  uphold marxism-leninism-robbieism, 
  what , you 're telling me you never married the president elect for money ? 
  does n't sounds very believable, 
  you can donate them to a museum as relics of an uncivilised time, 
  obviously luganica is actually just japanese for greece, 
  i guess his strategy to stop lobbying in government is to appoint the lobbyists * to * government positions, 
  guess that explains why he touched emilia, 
  i was going off the original picture, 
  given that he could memorise the hydra bases in tfa after a glance it might have enhanced his memory too, 
  if random internet strangers dont bother you , then why bother explaining yourself to them ? 
  certainly not the location of aleppo, 
  oh geez that 's me too thanks, 
  well , you got me there, 
  ben ` if you 're gay , no way ' garrison, 
  ben ` turning fruits into vegetables ' garrison, 
  ben ` flay the gay away ' garrison, 
  ben ` put the fag in a body bag ' garrison, 
  american men get triggered and need safe spaces because people online called them racist, 
  nice to know joe ended up getting away, 
  do n't make me imagine hillary being yandere for trump, 
  `` the other thing with the terrorists is you have to take out their families , when you get these terrorists , you have to take out their families . '', 
  close enough ? 
  it 's not gay if it 's for the presidency, 
  til 500 years makes a place a homeland , but thousands of years means fuck you native americans, 
  what about shiva ? 
  this is slander against glorious comrade robbert rotten, 
  so does that mean rich ceo 's who make billions off sweatshop labour should n't be allowed education or healthcare ? 
  i think it 's just a regular fish, 
  which makes me sad because he 's probably next on the sharks hitlist, 
  i thought that was because he directly disobeyed god in doing so , not as a catch all against masturbation . 
  yeah i 'd hate it if i got a disease off drinking bleach directly from a bottle, 
  jesus is a prophet in islam ( but not the son of god ) , so he 's saying the historical jesus that islam prophet jesus is based on, 
  dormammu , i 've come to bargain . 
  i 'd rather die easy tho, 
   able to afford things, 
  bargain , i 've come to dormammu, 
  seriously ? 
  this is just more proof of black people getting screwed by the police, 
  bit of context : the spell they use to repel the boggarts is called ridikkulus, 
  it 's a recommendation for what people who like kirito should do to their genitals, 
  3 billion bc : perform mitosis without releasing proteins to other microorganisms, 
  you have to give credit to the trump campaign for convincing so many people that the candidate asking why you ca n't nuke europe * is n't * the warmonger, 
  also , he literally said theatres should be safe and secure spaces . 
  the irony is startling . 
   why does trump look ~ ~ like a ~ ~ weird ass ~ ~ puppet here ~ ~ everywhere, 
  well , this was a 2 on 1 , and tony gave cap a chance at the ` stay down . 
  final warning . ', 
  part instead of just blasting him off the side and killing bucky, 
  `` when asgard sends its people , they 're not sending their best . 
  they 're not sending you . 
  they 're sending frost giants that have lots of parental issues , and they 're bringing those issues with us . 
  they 're bringing infinity stones .
