  small if false, 
  thou shalt purchase and maintain thy ar-15 , as it is necessary to ward off the evils of globalists and taxes , i am the lord . 
  if they 're brown , gun them down, 
  holy shit . 
  my mod came into my room to bring me a list of forwardsfromgrandma posts and i literally screamed at her and downvoted the posts out of her hand . 
  she started yelling and swearing at me and i unsubscribe my account on her . 
  i 'm so distressed right now i do n't know what to do . 
  i did n't mean to do that to my mod but i 'm literally in shock from the subreddit tonight . 
  i feel like i 'm going to explode . 
  why the fucking fuck is it biased ? 
  this ca n't be happening . 
  i 'm having a fucking breakdown . 
  i do n't want to believe the subreddit is so leftist . 
  i want right wing content to believe in . 
  i want the_donald to be moderators and fix this broken subreddit . 
  i can not fucking deal with this right now . 
  it was n't supposed to be like this , i thought rightist content was upvoted well in forwardsfromgrandma ???? 
  this is so fucked . 
  i wo n't be satisfied until link has to decide betweeen euthanising zelda or letting ganondorf go free, 
  in the manga version toji actually did die iirc, 
  the entry plug may have been where bardiel 's core was , and so destroying it was the only way to actually kill the angel, 
  meanwhile republicans believe every year is 1861, 
  because that 's socialism , dear . 
  gendo : that 's the problem . 
  you have it set to s for shinji , when it should be set to d for dummyplug, 
  be the robot , genji, 
   `` racism '' as a term was invented by racially-bigoted pseudo-scientists and used by them exclusively as a ` positive ' term . 
  racism the word was invented by leon trotsky , racialism or ( more modern ) ` race realism ' is what you 'd be looking for there, 
  unless you 're an alderaanian, 
  dlc is white genocide confirmed, 
  in libertarian land * everything * is rape , except for rape , because she was probably lying about it for attention, 
  frankugelion 1.0 : you can ( not ) get da pusi, 
  another ant man one , it mentions how the reason he is still able to hurt people is because he has the same mass , just in a smaller place , which is why his punches are so strong . 
  but in that case , should n't his giant man form from civil war thus be incredibly light for his size , and not be capable of nearly as much as he is in that ? 
  another ant man one , it mentions how the reason he is still able to hurt people is because he has the same mass , just in a smaller place , which is why his punches are so strong . 
  but in that case , should n't his giant man form from civil war thus be incredibly light for his size , and not be capable of nearly as much as he is in that ? 
  welllll , whaddaya know ? 
  not quite the same , but i 've kept the same mii from my 3ds in 2011, 
  i do n't know the exact team , but apparently it 's being worked on by many of the people behind bravely default/second , which is reassuring, 
  [ x-post ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/dankchristianmemes/comments/67p4ix/jesus_was_a_weeb/ ) from r/dankchristianmemes, 
  unless that 's what he 's into, 
  communism, 
  gendo is the shepherd ( ? ), 
  at the bottom left receiving knowledge from the lowercase angel ( dead sea scrolls ), 
  maybe that fits more in the visual sense , but since i believe that pic is of a messenger angel telling the shepherd of the birth of christ , i equated it to the scrolls telling gendo and seele of the birth of the angel ( among other things ), 
  it 's minecraft , except 2d and far more focused on more tiers of weaponry/armour , far more enemies and bosses , uniquely designed/named npc 's ( as opposed to minecraft 's generic villagers ) , yet has less freedom of exploration and sandbox elements . 
  i 'd rather any future evangelion animated properties ( anime or movie ) be about things not already explored in depth , like the katsuragi expedition , the finding of the dead sea scrolls and seele 's subsequent actions , the formation of nerv and gehirn , or even the first ancestral race and the seeds of life from the classified information in the evangelion 2 game . 
  imo the revelation arc felt too much like gore and violence fan service for me , all the new monsters dragged the series away from the character development and moral aesops that really defined its earlier arcs , the mc acts far more violent than earlier episodes characterised him , and some say the creator only wrote it as a middle finger to the politicians of his country . 
  personally , i just pretend it 's a well written fanfiction . 
  not yet . 
  coincidentally , it 's not difficult at all to just buy a gun in a place with lax laws and take it to a place with harsh laws, 
  the only major difference between islamic fundamentalists and the alt-right is the name of the religion they designate as supreme, 
  the, 
  even then , many of them will talk about ` the judeo-christian values of the west ' as being something admirable/moral e.g. 
  anders breivik ( despite preceding the alt right , he shares many of their beliefs ) , or designate christianity ( and to a lesser extent judaism , if they 're not of the ( ( ( globalists ) ) ) side of things ) as being especially moral/worth protecting against the muslim hordes, 
  you 're ignoring the 3 million illegal immigrants army who would strongarm those voters back into voting for clinton, 
  i guess his soros cheques must have been lost in the mail, 
  because they have n't pulled their bootstraps enough, 
  `` what 's important is n't whether you can see the future or not . 
  it 's the will to make a choice , and the strength to seize your destiny !, 
  our time has come . 
  our destiny is our own ! ... 
  the future should be decided by each and every person in the world . 
  and so what i. . . no what we wish for is ... a world with no gods ! '', 
  - shulk , xenoblade chronicles, 
  i think he means the proportional increase , as in if cap 's height grows by ~ 30 % , his penile length should grow by the same percentage as well, 
  it 's possible galen intended for them to destroy the core using more conventional techniques ( remember , the flaw was n't that an exhaust port led to the core , but that exploding the core would also destroy the entire death star instead of just leaving it without power and the superlaser for a few days ) , such as sneaking in a technician who could plant a bomb at the core , but the fact that the imperials now knew that the rebel base was on yavin-4 forced them to try a more drastic method . 
  it 's likely that in the past demons were able to cross over individually , but the lack of portal technology from the uac or other corporations left them unable to pull off a sustained invasion . 
  from the doom 4 continuity , doomguy is also the ancient doom slayer , a powerful being from the realm of argent d'nur that resisted invasions from hell until it was betrayed and absorbed into the realm proper . 
  it mentions how doom slayer was blessed by the seraphs ( a type of angel ) , implying that heaven exists , yet it also mentions that he was too impure to return to it ( likely because of all his killings and the fact that he enjoyed them , no matter how justified they were ), 
  headcanon confirmed, 
   implying the mcu is as morally grey as tw3, 
  it 's meant to pair with all the ` haha suicide ' memes to reinforce the idea that they 're true, 
  it 's likely a bit of both . 
  from the ` slayer 's testament volume 1 ' ( an in universe text implied to have been written by the demons ) : * ` his soul blistered by the fires of hell and tainted beyond ascension , he chose the path of perpetual torment ' * , implying that his time fighting in hell left him unable to ascend ( back ? ), 
  to heaven , but he does n't really mind because he 'd probably want to stay back regardless, 
  long live the united saggy pants of america !, 
  according to [ this site ] ( http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2017/04/27/5-facts-about-illegal-immigration-in-the-u-s/ ) , around 11 million illegal immigrants ( as of 2015 ) reside in the usa ( around 3 % of the population at 321 million ) . 
  even being extremely charitable and claiming that they have an unemployment rate of 3x the national level ( when in truth it 's likely less , since they ca n't actually claim unemployment meaning it 's often work or die ) , that still means only 14.1 % of illegal immigrants are unemployed , or 1,551,000 ( this is n't counting kids who would n't be working ) . 
  900 billion dollars over 1.5 million illegal immigrants leaves each with approximately $ 600,000 us a year , aka 15x the average yearly wage of a full time worker and enough to match the average lifetime earnings of a bachelor 's holder in three years . 
  something about that does n't add up . 
  his real goal all along was to use the fully powered gauntlet to give his chair a footrest and cup holder, 
  obi-wan did n't want to use the high ground too often , as it was a pathway to the sith if he began abusing it 's power . 
  at the end of the fight , he realises he has no choice and deploys the high ground to win, 
  obadiah stane ( movie version ) was a member of neo-hydra , with his goal of using stark industries to sell weapons and other tech to terrorists and other paramilitary groups tieing into neo-hydra 's plan of manipulating conflicts in order to build support for project insight, 
  means, 
  pretty sure the kekistan flair is td exclusive , so there 's that, 
   i really do n't consider pok\u00e9mon yellow to be an rpg, 
  well it 's certainly not a racing game, 
   and final fantasy vi was n't even all that good . 
  they really took the rp out of the g on that one, 
  plus the drones that project unit-13 's at field in its place, 
  i nico nico nii-d to kill myself, 
  ramen are an alien species that is able and willing to cooperate/work with humanity , while varelse are aliens that are hostile towards humanity, 
  not with that attitude you wo n't, 
  i think he means he 's going to get the remaining pieces of heart/skultulas, 
  the guy who kickstarted the patriot act has no business accusing others of targeting americans, 
  bash the fash , seize the means of production - cnn, 
  so the lord god caused a deep sleep to fall upon the man , and he slept ; then he took one of his ribs and closed up the flesh at that place . 
  the lord god fashioned into a woman the rib which he had taken from the man , and brought her to the man .
