  my only cult is the cult of geraldo, 
  so much for the ` tolerant left ', 
  the best part is how they think radical muslims are n't the textbook definition of far right, 
  but i thought they 'd want more white mothers to balance out the islamic hordes, 
  ` want to see the future with deregulated capitalism ? 
  look to somalia . ', 
  a cosmetic slot for gear would be amazing, 
  [ quick !, 
  post this to trigger muslims !, 
  well yes but, 
  have you considered witcher 3, 
  murray ' i will make donald trump look like a leftist ' rothbard, 
  like when the boston tea partiers disguised themselves as native americans ? 
  but enough talk , have at noose !, 
  mrw i tell a room of biocucks about the objectively superior witcher 3, 
  i think you mean peace orb , rebel scum, 
  ironically it later came out that pao was against subreddit banning, 
  die monster !, 
  you do n't belong in this world !, 
  luke skywitcher : he told me enough !, 
  he told me you killed rpg 's !, 
  darth vandromeda : no . 
  * i * am an rpg, 
  luke skywitcher : no , that 's not true , that 's sjw !, 
  darth vandromeda : search your genre listings , you know this to be true . 
  join me , and together we can make large amounts of profit by taking the rp out of our g !, 
  well my hands get tired when holding it so therefore it 's a 0/10 objectively, 
  this never would have happened if they went with an american space agency, 
  2017 : mailing deadly substances disguised as harmless things is invented, 
  funny how coal miners never get told to pull up their bootstraps and find another job, 
  your salt says more than real reviewers ever could, 
  [ real news ] ( https://encrypted-tbn1.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gcq1roqk-qvou9bipzcuus6l8yednt3ounxucbnj7iysltk2yxqfwv_qtlscua ), 
  i get the feeling whoever made this would n't be very happy if donald trump was the politician an old person decided to shoot, 
  i 'm sorry jeanette , while your answer was correct donald declared it fake news , so he gets the ~ ~ presidency ~ ~ point, 
  but i thought the hordes of muslims invading europe meant that the white race was in danger of dying out ? 
  seize the means of scooby snack production !, 
  probably that 's he 's too busy working to take any time off ( mar a lago weekends notwithstanding ), 
  this is all i found , i think it was just lib-right bashing on its own, 
  r/lewrongge - wait a second, 
   wake up as a sociopath who enjoys getting away with crimes, 
  is this a prophecy ? 
  how can you resist feudalism when you 're wearing clothes made under a feudal lord ? 
  and donald trump is the one to save us from it / s, 
   it 's over hitler , i have the russian winter !, 
   you underestimate my ideology !, 
   do n't try it !, 
   ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh * battle of stalingrad ` ed *, 
  i mean , he only goes on lavish vacations once a week now , instead of once a day . 
  how much more poor and humble can you get than that ? 
  which bit did xenoblade appear in ? 
  not doubting you , but i 'm disappointed i did n't pick it up for myself ? 
  considering that said campaign did n't even get a majority of votes/is the least approved one in recent years she hardly ran it successfully, 
  unlike in yurop with shakira law and muslamic death hordes, 
  listen here sonny , trickle down wealth is a proven scientific law and definitely not a lie perpetrated to line the pockets of the rich , you hear me ? 
   black people are subhuman trash, 
   hey that 's not very nice , you probably should n't do that, 
   omg fucking peecee libtards trying to take away me freedum of speech, 
  it might just be me , but i get the feeling you did n't like fi 's guidance all that * master , the batteries in your wii remote are getting low * much, 
  final fantasy 7 remake, 
  if the 30th anniversary collection ( i-ix for ps4/vita ) comes to switch it would be incredible, 
  bosses whom ` st 'd 've have their means of production seized, 
  according to the wikipedia page for the rainbow flag , it 's maker gilbert baker came up with it either from, 
  ` inspired by judy garland 's singing `` over the rainbow '' and the stonewall riots that happened a few days after garland 's death ( she was one of the first gay icons ) ', 
  ` at college campuses during the 1960s , some people demonstrated for world peace by carrying a flag of the races ( also called the flag of the human race ) with five horizontal stripes ( from top to bottom they were red , white , brown , yellow , and black ) . 
  gilbert baker is said to have gotten the idea for the rainbow flag from this flag ', 
  my top 5 for the rest of the year are :, 
  mario kart 8 deluxe, 
  splatoon 2, 
  bloodstained : ritual of the night ( although given that the kickstarter page has the release as * march * 2017 it 's likely to be a 2018 release ), 
  xenoblade chronicles 2, 
   if you actively search out rpg 's for combat then why do you play rpgs ? 
  if all you want out of an rpg is a good plot then why not just look up a cutscene compilation on youtube ? 
   combat = / = gameplay . 
  combat is a part of the gameplay not the sole holder of the title, 
  if by ` part ' you mean ' 99 % part ' then sure . 
  i mean 99 % of the value of an rpg 's gameplay is in combat , it 's hard to innovate on ` press w/joystick up to walk forward ' , but combat is where rpg 's ( and all games in the same genre ) differentiate themselves . 
  i mean , you would n't count the cost of a tv as part of a console , so you should n't use a monitor as part of a pc 's cost . 
  the islamic rape hordes must be losing steam in europe if they 've turned back to goats again, 
  * waves hand * you do n't want to sell me any death sticks, 
  but i thought it was the muslims that were harassing other religions in sweden ????????????????????????????????? 
   did n't even bother editing a hijab on jasmine, 
  smh why even bother, 
  isis turned to brutal methods of torture to get their way . 
  { yahari ore no seishun love comedy wa machigatteiru }, 
  it 's in season 2 though , this links to season 1, 
  thanks fam, 
  why bother when you could look at [ this ] ( http://cdn.mos.cms.futurecdn.net/ryo9mvpawbtrnh93pjthsu.png ) instead, 
  reading is a leftist conspiracy designed to brainwash god-fearing conservatives, 
  i like how it says '' non muslims ' but then has seven different examples of non muslim religions in addition , like seriously learn to save space, 
  lone wolves , all of them . 
  not a one can be tied to conservatism or white supremacy in any way . 
  white supremacists are a broad group that do n't deserve to be stereotyped in this eay, 
  imo it 's a good game , but a poor witcher game, 
  and yet obama tearing up after sandy hook was a false flag meant to strip away gun rights, 
  looks like it 's time to convert to white nationalism, 
  that 's not how you open a jar of pickles, 
  [ best girl irl edition ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qchwcta-1xa ), 
  { yahari ore no seishun love comedy wa machigatteiru . 
  0/10 not enough rp in my g . the bible was n't as morally grey as it could have been , unlike geraldo 3, 
  someone with more skill than me should photoshop ` crippling depression ' over tohru,
