  under obummer there probably is !!!!, 
  first we need the truth about a series of murders committed by one ted ` zodiac ' cruz . 
  the post was about iran , not iraq . 
  probably because they see you trying to do the same for christians and want in on that . 
  isis cuts off your hand for stealing , america executes you . 
  the wii has 512 mb of internal storage as well as up to a 32 gb sd card , so that much . 
  i completely photosynthesise with your choice of words . 
  you 'd think advanced civilisations would be able to defend themselves from primitive invaders a little better than they did . 
  til that aproximately 3 % of the population is ` so many ' . 
  probably not , since ninja was a cut arr job that they reworked and added , so unless there 's a hidden samurai somewhere it is n't likely . 
  ben ` going mental on the oriental ' garrison ? 
  ben ` let 's get this shoah on the road ' garrison ? 
  we should call it no more gate-gate, 
  he would n't die iirc , but the pym particles would begin wreaking havoc on his sanity like they did to cross , but probably worse . 
  i 'll send your medal in the mail . 
  it 's funny how these pictures always have jesus and hot girls when jesus said thinking sexual thoughts counted as adultery , so having both is basically contradictory . 
  i would watch the michael bay adaptation . 
  most grandmas probably believe that liberals act without morality or a conscience , so calling them sociopaths would fit in their world . 
   allowed to tell us to change our laws, 
  because of that freedom of speech you often like bringing up, 
  my theory is that hanzo would be outraged that his lazy slacker brother defeated him , the hard worker . 
  he 'd basically be like frank grimes in that simpsons episode . 
  so , in retaliation , he challenges genji to a duel later on that results in the near death injuries that bring him in contact with overwatch . 
  when hanzo accepts , his reasoning behind dismantling the clan is ` if they prefer * genji * over me , they do n't deserve to stay up ' . 
  once the job is done , instead of feeling angst over being a cyborg ( i personally feel hanzo would take that better ) , he instead feels a wave of depression over having destroyed what would have once been his lifes work . 
  without the shimada , he would feel like he has no purpose in life , and essentially drifts from place to place aimlessly until he meets with zenyatta , who 's teachings give him what he needs to remotivate himself and get back into life , and also to forgive genji , who he realised was good enough to rule the clan if he was able to defeat him . 
  adam reed said that the reason he 's missing is n't because of the va death , and that he should be back in s7 . 
  apparently nidhogg is ifrit now . 
  the end of an era cutscene from the end of xiv 1.0, 
  technically that 's not really a summon , since he already existed but was just trapped , but it * was * epic, 
  for those like me with no idea of what angiogenesis is , it 's the development of new blood vessels , aka a fascinating read . 
  i think bernie considers himself a socialist , but does n't advocate instituting ` proper ' socialism in america . 
  fighting terrorism should be a top priority , not a religion . 
   but republicans are fighting for men to * not * pee in the ladies room, 
  ftfy, 
  australia ( american region ), 
  9-3 probs, 
  it 's not gay if you do n't see it happen . 
  more like, 
   keep up the stall but allow different people in them, 
  smosh , although the ` great ' part is up to you . 
  ffxv and 7r for pc, 
  remake for v or vi in bravely default style for 3ds, 
  xii izjs hd, 
   it is crazy though . 
  the left essentially is in favor of killing the children of one of their core constituencies , african americans . 
  yet they support the democrats, 
  dae planned parenthood literally worse than the kkk ? 
  i too remember how thrilling chapter firered was . 
  apps on the windows store , plus it goes paid soon . 
  it 's just ron bragging to impress the veela in goblet of fire, 
  there is a jewish ethnicity and religion , however generally they coincide . 
  but did he become a pro gamer ? 
  it was n't * just * the unconditional surrender , but also a surrender to america , instead of to the soviets , who america did n't want swiping any japanese land . 
  it 's more like fixing the machine keeping time running . 
  it was n't an actual theory , just a joke at the expense of luigi . 
  i think that last bit was in 2.55 iirc, 
  the same weapon also appears in xiv as the dragoon zodiac . 
  the troops !!!!!! 1 !!!!! 11 !!, 
  many do , but only for irl friends we 're playing with . 
  the problem then could have been if the tranq just enraged him/didn ' t immediately take effect , just making the child 's death more likely . 
  i 'm triggered that this bigoted poster used the slur ` robots ' . 
  the correct term is omnics of colour thank you very much . 
  either doom or witcher 3 would be great thanks1, 
  it 's funny how people can never seem to grasp the fact that famous people get more attention than normal people . 
  limit break . 
  for ast , you could have ` you think you can see the future ? 
  try and predict this ! ', 
  in terms of the sheer items , it 's up to 80 compared to the 75 alex , but i 'd say it 's easier because, 
  a : no need to buy materia for each step, 
  b : overall cheaper ( 300 eso plus another method including 500 poetics , 2 mhaci farthing and 5 allagan catalysts , 1 amber encased vilekin , 3 arr ex primal items etc ) . 
  so , while some individual methods might be harder , the lack of rng on steps like fate alex grinds should make it easier overall . 
  aside from the obvious tam tara hm , i 'd say either amdapor city nm , for all the poison muck and slime on the walls , as well as the demons and diabolos on the lower levels , or amdapor keep hm for the music and bosses . 
  i managed to get the gold dance so i 'm happy . 
  imo tam tara nm is better , i was able to consistently get it down about 30s faster unsynced, 
  my day just got a whole lot more edgy . 
  after lahabrea was cleaved by thordan at the end of 3.0 , his aether was absorbed into ascalon , and therefore one of the eyes . 
  the third aether in this case could be lahabrea , waiting for the eyes to weaken enough for him to free his aether and return to ( un ) life , and the warrior of darkness looking into the eye chasm could be related to that . 
  being time 's man of the year refers to how influential the person was , not how good they are . 
  according to wikipedia , sociopathy ( technically psychopathy ) is characterised by, 
   enduring antisocial behavior , diminished empathy and remorse , and disinhibited or bold behavior . 
  none of which supporting transgenderism exhibits . 
  they already do that with civil forfeiture . 
  probably the one whose spiritual successors repeatedly attempt to deny people welfare on the grounds of them being ` moochers ' , forcing them to abort instead of putting them in a financial situation where they can raise a baby . 
   ` but i do n't want to get shot by that man ', 
   it 's his constitutional right , he was a lone wolf and you better like it or you 'll lose everything, 
  trump ( probably ), 
  i do n't think most 9 year olds are stripping naked in public bathrooms anyway, 
  yeah , because a gunman in a shop is n't going to instantly pull the trigger on someone reaching into their shirt for a gun faster . 
  no , but you said government seizing property on suspicion sets a bad precedent , so i was pointing out the precedent was already set ages ago . 
  yeah , 2 farthings plus 5 allagan catalysts . 
  some people do n't craft, 
  undyne the undying is hardly something she can turn on and off freely , i doubt mettaton would be able to trigger that in her . 
  are you white and/or male , because that would explain it . 
  til that ` not literally getting every non-radical muslim in one mega army to destroy isis ' means ` all muslims are terrorists ' in conserva-speak . 
  still better than how trump would do it, 
  i did n't see anything about grain in that, 
  because muslim = bad , atheist = bad , so muslim atheist = double bad, 
  the obvious answer is india to stop gandhi before he reaches the atomic era . 
  i can scientifically confirm that you are 63.5 % an oppressor , which is enough for the sjw 's,
