  william shakespeare, 
  get voted leader of the world in the un, 
  maybe they could add the oracle of seasons/ages companions ( ricky , moosh and dmitri ) as mounts, 
  because ` i 'm only going to be the bare minimum better than literal tyrants ' is n't a good moral position ? 
  what about the hundreds of thousands of dead civilians in the iraq war ? 
  or the six dead muslims in canada ? 
  or the dead civilians from trump 's botched yemen raid ? 
  or the fact that ~ 90 % of isis 's victims are muslims , who because of people like you were n't able to flee to safety ? 
  why are they not worthy of your sympathy ? 
  why would n't you want the senate to be the top posts ? 
  are you committing treason , then ? 
  95 % of all middle eastern refugees have gone to other me countries . 
  turkey has 1.6 million , lebanon 1.15 million and jordan has 982k , with pakistan and ethiopia taking in large numbers . 
  sweden , on the other hand , only has about 150k refugees , so its hard to claim they 're taking the brunt . 
  ' i think we should lower taxes ' and ` we need to stop minorities from entering the country to protect the white race ' are not comparable statements ', 
   `` if they assimilated , they would enter the gene pool , eventually . '', 
  if a 17th century king is more left-wing than modern conservatives then that 's just sad, 
  haters will say it 's photoshopped, 
  brave but foolish , my old friend, 
  i wish i was that optimistic, 
  i watched that video myself to see , and he was closer to moderate left moderate libertarian , however :, 
  the video was made in june 2015 , a lot can change in a year and 3 quarters, 
  there was no ` do n't agree or disagree ' option , which may have pushed some of his neutral options into the left zone purely because to go straight to the right may have been too far even if he did n't wholly agree with the left . 
  for example , one of the questions was '' from each according to his ability , to each according to his need ' is correct ' . 
  based of what he said about it , i 'd be inclined to believe he 'd choose a neutral option if it were there , yet he took ` agree ' , which had the result of pushing him further left than he may have normally been . 
  why bother storing them when you just keep getting more ? 
   wherever there is great property there is great inequality . 
  for one very rich man there must be at least five hundred poor , and the affluence of the few supposes the indigence of the many . 
  the affluence of the rich excites the indignation of the poor , who are often both driven by want , and prompted by envy , to invade his possessions . 
  it is only under the shelter of the civil magistrate that the owner of that valuable property , which is acquired by the labour of many years , or perhaps of many successive generations , can sleep a single night in security . 
  he is at all times surrounded by unknown enemies , whom , though he never provoked , he can never appease , and from whose injustice he can be protected only by the powerful arm of the civil magistrate continually held up to chastise it . 
  the acquisition of valuable and extensive property , therefore , necessarily requires the establishment of civil government . 
  where there is no property , or at least none that exceeds the value of two or three days ' labour , civil government is not so necessary . 
  karl marx , or adam smith ? 
  have you ever heard of lying ?? 
  that just sounds like my autobiography, 
  every time you advocate for consoles , geraldo sheds a tear, 
  that 's two sentences, 
  i do n't blame them , general secretary geraldo of the united novigrad socialist republic ca n't tolerate a game below perfection ( all those games above 93 do n't count ) . 
  what do you mean the goal of swordfighting is n't to hit the opponent 's sword with as much needless flourish as possible ? 
  are you a white male ? 
  if so , you may be at risk of being white genocided , so i 'd recommend seeking refugee status in somewhere free of the sjw curse like poland ( home of geraldo ), 
  dae want to prevent ( ( ( immigrants ) ) ) from entering the gene pool ? 
  the last of us may be a good game , but it 's a poor witcher game, 
  your problem is that you 're shilling for one company only , when you need to be shilling for * all * the companies !, 
  nintendo , bioware , ea , bethesda , any open-world game that is n't witcher 3 : when they sound the call , you come ready to give a 90 + score and a hard hitting review , all for those glorious shillbux !, 
  the only drug i need is the objectively superior witcher 3, 
  ` why do n't people take gaming seriously ? ', 
  ` said some stupid shit ' ( this can also be applied to any week ), 
  who 's rivia ? 
  all i know is ( geraldo del ) riviero, 
  domesticated is probably too strong a term , iirc they basically dumped eggs on a planet , let them grow to maturity and started hunting them, 
  who would win ? 
  one shigeru miyamoto -------------- one billion poles, 
  that does n't help your point since cory in the house ds * is * a masterpiece, 
  more like ` zelda and horizon fans see a real polish rpg for the first time ' ( up-geraldo 's to the left ), 
  if i had a dollar for everyone calling cd projeraldo red kings of rpg 's yet has n't played witcher 1 or 2 , i 'd be able to afford a low budget titan x pascal gaming build , which would n't be much but it 's mine, 
  the history of all hitherto existing games is the history of pc censorship, 
  man why does redpanels hate the troops so much ? 
  they 're just soldiers doing their duty , casualties do n't matter when you 're bringing freedom to the uncivilised masses, 
  happy holidays , here 's your red coffee cup , i 'm off to kneel during the anthem on top of a flag, 
  remember when republicans were decrying hillary for being a warmonger who wanted to start a war in syria ? 
  good times, 
   * taps head * no need to fear evil when you are the evil, 
  something i really want for switch is a lords of shadow trilogy port . 
  i do n't know if she 's doing the whole game ( wikipedia just says $ 100 tier artwork , but that may have changed ) , but it 's probably ayami kojima , who started on castlevania with symphony of the night in 1997, 
  on that note , something i 'd like to see in odyssey is a galaxy themed world - one large planet for the main world , with sling stars taking you to specialised portions a la the slide in tall tall mountain, 
  dragon quest heroes 1 +2 is already 32gb on its own , so an sd card is a necessity for that as a digital game, 
  it 's downgrades , then, 
  what can you do when you 're just a poor indie polish developer trying to make rpg 's great again, 
  so much for the ` tolerant left ' / s, 
  maybe it 's maybelline, 
  i have to agree with him , reading the bible made me appreciate witcher 3 a lot more since the former is an adaptation of the latter, 
  man , thomas aquinas is probably really salty he spent all that time trying to prove christianity when he could have just used the ' i have faith so fuck you ' proof . 
  after all , anything can be bought and sold for the right * squeezes hand * ooooooil, 
  rare photo of american oil magnates moments after the deposition of saddam hussein in iraq ( 2003 , colourised ), 
  islamic terrorism * is * right wing terrorism , but trumpets do n't want to admit that because it means acknowledging they have more in common with extremist muslims than they want to, 
  bacchus is roman , the greek one is dionysus, 
  they 'd be better off following the romanov family example, 
  godzilla would be a tyranitar, 
  it 's almost like moving to the left makes your country better off than moving to the right ? 
  who could have guessed ? 
  i will do what i must, 
  probably japan censoring genitals in porn, 
  obviously japan started world war 2 to maintain a global monopoly on porn, 
  well , maybe if red states were the only ones to fund the military, 
  more like `` if you take america , and subtract leftists , the remaining population has no free speech because the corporate overlords do n't want their employees speaking out against them '', 
   if we abandon reddit his dream will die with / r/the _ donald, 
  why not just go outside and have your bigoted discussions there ? 
  looks like they finally dispensed with ` islam is n't a race ' as an excuse if they think your genetic code is rewritten to be inferior when converting, 
  do n't knock abraham thiccoln, 
  here 's a list of all the times the us army fought for your freedom in the last 60 years, 
  that implies hardworking white americans ever need benefits, 
  no , the solution is obviously more deregulation / s, 
  anakin chancellor palpatine is evil, 
  well then you are lost, 
  it 's over anakin !, 
  i have the high ground !, 
  well yeah but were you a troop ? 
  do n't try it .
