  n o t a n a r g u m e n t, 
  todd ` fallout 4 took the rp out of my g ' howard, 
  your lie in auschwitz, 
  considering todd howard is still at large , that claim does n't hold up, 
  how can we have reached the limit of our power when we have unlimited powerrrrr !, 
  not from r/sequelmemes, 
  i think satan torturing sinners is a pop culture phenomenon , i 'm like 75 % sure in the bible he 's just another victim of hell with the occasional chance to go to earth and damn some sinners, 
  it 's been longer between the release of dppt and now ( 11 years , 12 in 2018 when it would likely release ( 2006-17/18 ) than between rby and its remakes ( 8 years in japan , 1996-2004 ) , gsc and remakes ( 10 years in japan , 1999-2009 ) , and equal currently to rse and its remakes ( 11 years , 2003-2014 ) , so it 's not out of the question for a remake , although i doubt they 'd open a generation with a remake . 
  dante was pop culture at some point , kinda, 
  space, 
  according to the vita 's wikipedia page it sold 4 million units in a year ( from the jp release ) , which the switch is well on it 's way to surpassing ( currently 2.74 million , with far more games on the way ) . 
  forget 30 pieces of silver , why did n't judas ask for some of these ? 
  death note , so as i 'm not a criminal or a police officer i 'll be ok, 
  why is it rebuild up the top and nge at the bottom ? 
  if capitalism is above ethical consumption , does n't that technically mean there 's ethical consumption under capitalism, 
  does this qualify as a shitty family metaphor if they 're not mentioned as relatives ? 
  arguably the alien queen is intelligent enough to be morally evil , but an individual xeno likely is n't, 
  it 's not child molestation if they 're duly compensated with bitcoin afterwards, 
   because ff is fictional , in a purely made up world , not the real one . 
  can something only be political if it 's set in the real world , using only things possible in the real world ? 
  why does it matter whether the story is set in gaia or earth , whether or not the evil corporation is shinra or exxon , whether or not they 're misusing mako energy or oil energy ? 
  political allegories can be just as valid as flat out stating the politics you 're trying to convey , and they can often come out less hamfisted and forced if you use fictional counterparts . 
   it 's only hypocritical if you think the complaints are about stuff like a diverse cast , female protagonists , sexuality etc. ... , but that is not the case , the complaints are about a political agenda . 
  i assume you have nothing but praise for people complaining about the majority of game protagonists being male/straight/white , then ? 
  because if it 's considered a political statement to make all your protagonists female , or black , or gay , then why is n't it also a political statement to do the opposite ? 
  personally , i ca n't really get immersed into a ww2 shooter unless i 've killed at least five jews and/or gulaged a few nazi pow 's, 
  someone needs to write a dystopic cyberpunk story where todd howard leads a bethesda run corporatocracy where rebuying skyrim every three weeks is required by law , and the protagonist is a plucky young wasp male who only wants to exercise his right to witcher 3, 
  next time do n't assume what their intentions were until * after * they explain them, 
  no joke , i 'd buy a half life game with a mermaid player character, 
  originally it was just a toy line , but iirc they later made a mini comic about it ( idk what role it had ), 
  and have they praised themselves for that ? 
  afaik all they 've said is ` we have black people and women pc 's in the game ' , not ` we have black people and women , therefore cod ww2 is the greatest fps of all time ' . 
  the extent of their actual reasoning is basically ` people like playing their own race/gender in games ' , which is hardly more political than ` people like eating their favourite ice cream flavour so we stock multiple kinds ' . 
  ninja edit : ff13 was a single player only game ; so of course options for race/gender would be more limited . 
  a better comparison would be if ff11/14 ( aka the mmo 's ) only let you play as white/male characters , and then claimed that the fact they 're in pseudo-medieval societies makes it ok, 
  that does n't sound like ramiel to me, 
  i dream of a future where every movie role in all of hollywood is replaced by a mo-capped andy serkis . 
  why is n't ramiel on the list ? 
  [ real women do n't have curves , they have nice smooth edges ] ( http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/facebook/000/651/571/357.jpg ), 
  [ she gives the good s u c c ] ( http://otakuism.animeblogger.net/wp-content/uploads/2008/04/vlcsnap-194395.jpg ), 
  not picking ramiel, 
  apparently wall girl got taken to brittania with her family , and ended up getting institutionalised for constantly sleepwalking in an attempt to mark the wall at the corresponding time . 
  the only source i can find is the [ code geass wiki ] ( http://codegeass.wikia.com/wiki/carve-tan ) , so not sure if it was in official media or just an author statement, 
  they were reactionaries !, 
  and i slaughtered them like reactionaries !, 
  it 's obviously a harry potter scar , meant to reveal to us the truth of big wizard 's conspiracy, 
  undocked switch is 7 chunks , pe varies from minimum 5 to a max of 14 chunks ( although i believe a mod exists to make it go further ) . 
  i saw a clip of someone with a wii u + gamepad on an exercise bike , this is far more believable . 
  yeah , a ` real gamer ' plays zelda with an xbox controller, 
  i do n't believe any sort of japanese royals are mentioned ( families such as kaguya 's kyoto house exist , although they do n't seem to be noblility of any kind ) , suzaku 's dad the prime minister the only head of state mentioned . 
  given how the existence of geass has caused other historical deviations across the series ( such as the brittanian empire arising from queen elizabeth having a male heir ) , it 's possible that at some point a geass user brought about the death of the entire royal line in the name of a purely elected leadership , or even that the japanese imperial line never even existed . 
  but dare insinuate that you want to harm president trump , however ... 
  my immortal is by tara gillesbie , and prayer/miracles by grace ann , so ( at least on the surface ) they 're women, 
  phantom menace when anakin is in the naboo starfighter at the end, 
  that explains why saudi arabia executes gay people , their leader just sits there 24/7 with a giant telescope scanning for pride parades across the world . 
  evangelion ( inc end + rebuild ), 
  steins gate, 
  death note, 
  ouran high school host club, 
  but why did op feel the need to use assassins creed 3 artwork in the image ? 
  ` we ca n't insult milo , that 's how democracy works ', 
  the ps3 version just got dropped in order to improve the ps4/pc versions , so hopefully the switch would n't then become the new bottleneck, 
  as someone who already owns it on pc , i 'd still probably end up getting it for lower end things like crafting/gathering and dungeons , but i would n't use it for high level things . 
  any ideology that * does n't * want people to think like them is hardly going to last long at all . 
  still disappointed they did n't go with new game plus for the sequel title, 
  as opposed to the shining beacon of unity and harmony that is anti feminism ? 
  95 % sure they 'll just be separated by the original discs ( likely putting some of disc 2 's content on disc 3 so they 're all similar length ) , which would n't bother me assuming they 're all priced well, 
  just because you 're correct does n't mean you 're right, 
  that was only when l was recording him , otherwise i think it 's always right hand that he uses, 
  would aang 's airball be considered a ` new airbending technique ' , because if so he peaked * really * early . 
  hahahahaha oh my god / r/gcj is still this sour fallout 4 sucked ass ? 
  i cant believe it , its so funny how you cant stand that it sucked . 
  my god you fanboys you still triggered it sucked ? 
  no wait sorry , are you joking ? 
  still defending that dialogue wheel ? 
  still defending the removal of skillchecks ? 
  still defending the buggy engine ? 
  lord have mercy , i have to stop myself laughing . 
  wait a minute . 
  okay im finished now . 
  but really you are still triggered by that people rip on this piece of junk ? 
  i mean really now . 
  let me understand this . 
  you can not stand people ripping on this game so you have to brigade the thread ? 
  seriously , are you this fragile ? 
  you still cant stand people taking the piss at something that sucks ? 
  holy shit you triggered little snowflakes sorry someone took a piss at your favourite rpg mediocre exploration shooter . 
  good god , grow up . 
  every single game bethesda releases now is food for comedy , lest obsidian comes back , simply because people rip on halfassed games that suck . 
  deal with it , snowflake . 
  damn bethesda must be paying you well for this shit , or yall are some sad ass fanboys . 
  ^ this ^ is ^ copypasta ^ pls ^ no ^ downvote, 
  i mean as in is it a worthy technique to be a master all on its own , or does it need to be more sophisticated, 
  can i get uhhhhhhhhhhhhh riminal free world ? 
  my theory is that peter reminds tony of charlie spencer ( the kid who died in sokovia , and whose mother accosted tony at the mit presentation ) . 
  tony obviously feels a lot of guilt over sokovia , and when he sees peter , another young , idealistic kid who is good with tech ( peter 's web shooters , plus spencer was mentioned as an engineer ) , he sees him as a surrogate allowing him to not make the same reckless mistakes leading to tragedy again, 
  final fantasy xiv : yes , assuming switch hardware would n't become the new ` ps3 limitations ' meme anytime soon, 
  civilisation vi ( merging v as my next spot ) : yes , assuming it came with a good touch control option, 
  final fantasy x/x2 hd : yes, 
  team fortress 2 : could do without , have n't played in ages plus previous console versions were lackluster,
