  i know it 's technically not a fanfic , but whatever . 
  what the fuck did you just fucking say about me , you little weeaboo ? 
  ill have you know i graduated top of my class in the bioweapons facility , and i 've been involved in numerous secret raids on west africa , and i have over 5000 confirmed kills . 
  i am trained in fruit bat warfare and im the top virus in the entire cdc reportable disease list . 
  you are nothing to me but just another host organism . 
  i will wipe you the fuck out with mortality rate the likes of which has never been seen before on this earth , mark my fucking words . 
  you think you can get away with attempting to cure that shit to me over the internet ? 
  think again , fucker . 
  as we speak i am contacting my secret network of viruses across the earth and your temporary hospital is being traced right now so you better prepare for the pandemic , maggot . 
  the pandemic that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your village . 
  you 're fucking dead , kid . 
  i can be anywhere , anytime , and i can kill you with over seven hundred symptoms , and thats just with my bare molecules . 
  not only am i extensively trained in unarmed cell hijacking , but i have access to the entire arsenal of the world health organisation disease list and i will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent , you little * baka * . 
  if only you could have known what holy retribution your little clever vaccination was about to bring down upon you , maybe you would have held your fucking hand . 
  but you could n't , you did n't , and now you 're paying the price , you goddamn idiot . 
  i will shit blood all over you and you will drown in it . 
  you 're fucking dead , otaku . 
  `` if a man practices peasantry , playing games with another console as with a pc , both man and console have committed a detestable act . 
  they must both be put to death , for they are guilty of a capital offense . 
  when morning came , all the chief programmers and composers of the ubisoft plotted against gaben to put him to death . 
  2 and when they had bound him , they led him away and delivered him to yves guellimot the ceo . 
  3 then ac : unity , his betrayer , seeing that he had been condemned , was remorseful and brought back the $ 75 plus gst to the chief programmers and composers , 4 saying , `` i have sinned by betraying innocent gamers . '', 
  and they said , `` what is that to us ? 
  you see to it ! '', 
  5 then he threw down the $ 75 in the gaming shrine and departed , and went and blue screened himself . 
  6 but the chief programmers took the silver pieces and said , `` it is not lawful to put them into the fund for ac5 , because they are the price of success . '' 7 and they consulted together and bought with them the potato one field , to bury peasants in . 
  8 therefore that field has been called the field of peasantry to this day . 
  9 then was fulfilled what was spoken by robin walker the prophet , saying , `` and they took the $ 75 , the value of him who was priced , whom they of the children of valve priced , and gave them for the peasants 's field , as the lord directed me . '', 
  now gaben stood before the ceo . 
  and the ceo asked him , saying , `` are you the king of the pc master race ? '', 
  gaben said to him , `` it is as you say . '' and while he was being accused by the chief programmers and composers , he answered nothing . 
  then the ceo said to him , `` do you not hear how many things they testify against you ? '' but he answered him not one word , so that the ceo marveled greatly . 
  harry potter got out of the chamber !, 
  none !, 
  personally , i 've been further even more decided to use even go need to do look more as anyone can , but to each their own , and i 'm not certain . 
  [ alien hand syndrome ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alien_hand_syndrome ) for those unaware of what it is . 
  pls no upvote i do n't liek nukes, 
  it was all a myth-take !, 
  sorry , it was all a misunder-sans-ing . 
  ( monitor is an asus vx24ah 1440p monitor ), 
  as the title says , i spilled lemonade onto the bottom of my monitor ( my keyboard took a hit too , but i was planning on replacing it soon so i 'm fine with just laving it ) . 
  it 's hard to explain ( [ here 's ] ( http://imgur.com/ictxzlq ) a picture that shows it off fairly well ( it 's hard to see in a lot of cases ) , the problem does n't show up on screenshots so i manually did it . ), 
  whenever i use the monitor part of the image is distorted , showing different ` tinted ' ( for lack of a better word ) colours and blurry lines in a vertical rectangle . 
  sadly , i was n't able to turn off the monitor immediately , as i bumped the glass as i went to answer the door , meaning i did n't see it for a few minutes . 
  i tried opening the back to see the damage , but i ca n't figure out a way to do that without causing permanent damage ( the asus vx24ah only has one screw right in the middle near the hdmi ports , and removing it didnt make any noticable difference ) . 
  at first i thought the problem was that it caused stuck pixels , so i tried multiple methods of fixing them , including applying pressure and rapid colour changes ( as seen in the screenshot ) , but that did n't do anything noticeable ( unless i somehow did it wrong ) . 
  since the error does n't show up in application screenshots i think ( as someone who does n't know anything about monitors ) , that something physical must have happened to the monitor , but i do n't see how the distortion could have reached all the way up to the top when the spill only covered about a third of the way up . 
  any help would be appreciated , either on how to remove the back or on how to fix it , or on whether i have to get it professionally fixed/replaced . 
  my dad knows , giorgio armani . 
  have you been doing seed jacques ? 
  they tasted haribo-l . 
  let 's dispel once and for all with this fiction that barack obama does n't know what he 's doing . 
  he knows exactly what he 's doing . 
  barack obama is undertaking a systematic effort to change this country , to make america more like the rest of the world . 
  that 's why he passed obamacare and the stimulus and dodd-frank and the deal with iran . 
  it is a systematic effort to change america . 
  when i 'm president of the united states , we are going to re-embrace all the things that made america the greatest nation in the world and we are going to leave our children with what they deserve : the single greatest nation in the history of the world . 
  right now i have cerberus at x4 , and siren at x2 , but does anyone have a list of the others ? 
  i 'm trying to get malboro tentacles to get doomtrain , and have every gf but him , eden and bahamut . 
  i mean , he washed out of soldier training for being too weak , and did n't have any mako or jenova infusions yet , so how could he overpower sephiroth , the best soldier in existence ? 
  as the title suggests , whenever i boot up my computer , i get to a screen saying ` boot error ' in white text on a black background ( will post a screenshot soon ) , which goes away on clicking any key and starts up normally . 
  so far , this has n't caused any problems aside from slightly longer boot times , but i thought it would be good to try and fix it before something bad does happen . 
  the rest of my hardware is fx-6300 oc to 4.1 ghz , r9 290 , 8 gb ddr3 and windows 10 home edition 64-bit . 
  the reason luigi was the ideal host for the chaos heart was because of all the time he spent in mario 's shadow . 
  i was reading shadow puppets for the first time and noticed how their names were mostly the same , so can anyone confirm if hot soup is han 's ancestor ? 
  eventually the stab wound stops feeling painful . 
  meant to delete civ bnw because i had n't played it in ages but somehow managed to delete doom 4 . 
  thanks australian internet . 
  from the bigo-tree, 
  ( mmo 's included ), 
  out of every ff game , which protagonist would win based on the physical feats they show , not on their magical capabilities . 
  non-magical abilities that boost physical or mental capabilities , such as cloud 's mako infusions or certain , possibly magical items ( e.g. 
  hermes boots for speed ) are allowed . 
  assume every character fights every other character one on one with sufficient rest time in between , and the aim of the fight is to knockout the enemy ( either in real or ff terms of the word ) . 
  the arena is any location from the ff games randomised . 
  he is always raiton time !, 
  i founded zoroastrianism as arabia , however it was almost immediately overrun by catherine 's catholicism . 
  i still have 3 zoroastrian citizens in my holy city , and managed to have catherine promise to not convert my cities . 
  am i screwed on a religious victory , or is there something i can do to make a comeback ? 
  i 'm playing on king difficulty , and practically 3 or 4 turns after meeting a new civ , they immediately denounce me even if i 'm literally on the opposite side of the map . 
  then , after a few more turns many of them declare war on me even if i have n't declared any wars yet , have made good trades , sent trade routes to them , etc. 
  sometimes it feels like the hardest part of the game is not having everyone lose their shit at you , so is this intentional or not ? 
  i 'm assuming it would put the screens left to right rather than up to down , since the latter would stretch out the resolution by a ton , but does anyone who 's played one/seen a video on it know which it does ? 
  currently i 'm on 67/54 , which does n't ( to me at least ) feel like it would be enough to run potd 101 + , especially in a less than 4 party . 
  is there a minimum i need to shoot for ? 
  on mine , ctrl + f instead goes to the search bar for notebooks themselves , which is annoying . 
  i would n't have enough dollars . 
  every time a portion of the bee movie is watched , the equivalent number of bees shown die in real life . 
  the reason bee populations are declining worldwide is because of all the ` bee movie but sped up ' / ` bee movie but every time it says bee the nutshack theme plays ' type of videos becoming increasingly popular, 
  in the episode ` her parents ' , lady rainicorn 's parents bob and ethel want to eat finn , and , more importantly , treats eating humans as a common occurrence ( acting as though it is a given that jake is planning to serve finn ) . 
  when they eat soy people instead , both jake and the rainicorns remark on how delicious it is , and if the vegan option tastes that good the original is likely far better . 
  based on that , the rainicorns likely contributed to the dwindling population of humans by eating vast numbers of them , possibly why susan and the hyoomans still lived underground despite their being no radiation, 
  as a supplementary theory , the reason the ` rainicorn-dog war ' began was because dogs are man 's best friend , and the newly intelligent dogs objected to this practice . 
  over decades or possibly centuries of war and racial tensions , eventually this origin was forgotten , mostly because the population of humans grew so low it became a non-issue since none could be found to be eaten . 
  in the holo-messages from palpatine to the clones , they call palpatine ` my lord ' in response , but how would they know to call him that ? 
  as far as i 'm aware , supreme chancellor does n't have the title of lord , so how would the clones know he was a sith lord ? 
  and why would n't they tell any of the jedi ? 
  since a dementor 's kiss destroys the soul of the victim , it stands to reason that they could destroy a horcrux if there was some way to bring the fragment to the surface ( e.g. 
  the apparitions when ron destroyed the horcrux ) . 
  of course , a dementor likely never would do such a thing since anyone evil enough to create a horcrux would likely provide the dementor with more souls than one fragment , but it would at least be a possibility .
