  it 's not like the ` atheist group ' ( the garleans accept that the gods exist but work against them ) are any better . 
  honestly , in this case it 's more like se is saying that dogmatism of any kind is bad , since there are plenty of good ishgardians ( like aymeric ) who still worship halone . 
  personally i 'd go for either , but if you do n't intend to emulate vi is available on more consoles ( ix is only on ps1 and 3 to the best of my knowledge , while vi is on snes , ps1 , gba , ps3 , wii , ios , android and pc ), 
  there 's a lot less pokemon than the others , it 's basically just unova pokemon + maybe 5 or 6 others . 
   only ethnic majorities can be racist, 
  what 's the point of us white people ruling the world if we ca n't even decide who can be racist or not ? 
  i 'm a spiritual lyrical miracle individual . 
  also , i believe steam did n't offer a physical collectors edition , meaning you either had to buy two expansions or be unable to get the stuff . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://www.gamefaqs.com/ds/924897-final-fantasy-iii/faqs/62245 ) a guide i 've been using ( for the ds version , but they 're highly similar ) . 
  hope it helps you out . 
  out of ones i 've seen recently , king thordan 's summoning in xiv : heavensward was really good . 
  that woman has no head . 
  iirc it was just a generic atari landfill that happened to contain some et games , not a dump solely for the purpose of getting rid of et . 
  looks like i 'll be dead in 6 years according to number 2 . 
  at first i thought you were lying , but then i saw that you said ` it is true ' at the start of your sentence so i ca n't refute it now . 
  you 've caught me !, 
  * disappears in cloud of islamic liberalism *, 
  lel got ` demarginalisation of white millenials ', 
  january 1 , 2000 : the no ugly people in music act of 2000 passes unanimously . 
  drg and mnk share accessories , so go for that to save time gearing up , but otherwise i 'd recommend nin . 
  sans literally said that the only reason he did n't kill you on sight was because of a promise he made ages ago , and in ( some ) neutral runs he basically calls you evil even if you only killed those trying to kill you first . 
  it took around 5 hours to beat the game my first time around , so i 'd definitely say he did n't get far enough in . 
  if you 're really desperate to clear you could make a pf and get a couple of 60 's to unsync it , but that 's kind of a ruined experience + no tomestones . 
  looks pretty nice . 
  doing ishgard pillars or outer la noscea would be pretty good . 
  it 's a fairly major boost , especially if you want more than one . 
  doing a zeta turn in essentially hands you a free i200 weapon for 10 dungeon runs , which are fairly easy to organise a party for these days . 
  kid icarus : uprising when pit meets the metroid . 
  most people consider gameplay on a controller worse , but i did it for over a year ( switched to pc ) and it still works fine , and you can even use kb+m on ps4 too . 
  max resolution is 1080p and max fps is 60 ( although it 's highly variable depending on what 's going on onscreen ) , so graphics are decent . 
  i bought my brother left 4 dead 2 for christmas even though he did n't get me anything . 
  marauders are kind of like vikings already , but maybe a beastmaster class with hammers ? 
  cloud 's buster sword from final fantasy vii . 
  i do n't think ffi was that serious . 
  i mean sure , the world was suffering , but it 's not like it was on the edge of total destruction like the other games . 
  the intro cutscene to ffxiv ( end of an era ) is really good , but the actual gameplay start is n't that good . 
  neverreap in xiv is really annoying , especially for casters . 
   a few pixels , making up mario , no one cares that it was n't ultra realistic graphics, 
  right , that 's why when the sega mega drive came out none of the ad campaigns talked about its arcade quality graphics or anything . 
  because he moved to iran , so he had to give up all his plutonium for the delorean . 
  death by glamour, 
  hopes and dreams + save the world, 
  battle against a true hero, 
  metal crusher, 
  spider dance, 
  waterfall, 
  dummy !, 
  + ghost fight, 
  honourable mentions : enemy approaching , song that might play when you fight sans , gaster 's theme, 
  or undyne becomes eren , and the bit where he gets eaten by the titan is where undyne becomes undyne the undying . 
  they 've just run out of stuff to pin on hilary , so now they have to resort to dragging down her husband to hopefully pin some of it on her . 
  tagline : frisk determines the outcome !, 
  which war was fought for the right to not stand for the flag ? 
  i think most terrorists would be glad to see young americans not standing for it , not fight a war to try and force them to . 
  in australia it 's $ 18.50 aud ( just the 13 usd converted ) , which is like 4.5 loaves of bread spending on the area, 
  rip australia, 
  well it 's better then them crashing in the middle of traffic . 
  where were you when 4chan was kill ? 
  `` i named 19 things democrats did wrong therefore republicans are blameless '', 
  he said that he enjoyed them , not that they were good ( which it can be argued they are in some ways ) . 
  shovel knight . 
  up the encounter rate in certain areas . 
  i spent like 10 mins just running around in snowdin until i found an enemy ( and it was jerry , so i do n't think it was really worth it . 
  [ asriel 's shocker breaker ] ( #spoiler ), 
  i ca n't believe people are still making it 's 201x jokes , it 's 2016 people !, 
  how dare you make me view that with my own two eyes . 
  i 'm not an expert or anything , but i do n't think that 's a good way to take a new computer home . 
  in alex midas the sequel would be 2 faust 2 furious, 
   the call of the shekel has a powerful hold over my people, 
  x is n't a direct sequel to chronicles so it should be fine . 
  ik , switched to 1440p and nexus weapons just blew me away . 
  from goosebumps part 1 : 17 life sentences !, 
  5 lethal injections !, 
  10 years of familial shaming !, 
  ( technically just text but whatever ) . 
  actually the j snaps in two, 
  i like how he has that scene where he transfers his power ( levels ) to krile so that unlike * some * games ( * cough * ii * cough * ) you do n't have to spend ages training up your new late game party member . 
  i 'm frightened . 
  actually , the car itself is tom cruise , and the phrase ` cruise control ' refers to how scientology controls the life of tom cruise . 
  because as we all know the reason isis is fighting is because of global warming and resource scarcity , so by inventing a way to get clean unlimited fuel , he brought peace to the middle east . 
  because they 're worried kids will begin worshipping arceus . 
  - item, 
  you throw the crowbar, 
  mettajon catches it in his mouth and snaps it in two, 
  subscriber count goes up, 
  - act, 
  boast, 
  you boast to mettajon about how your dad knows giorgio armani . 
  popularity goes up during your turn . 
  favourite dungeon/raid ( aesthetics ) : world of darkness, 
  favourite dungeon/raid ( mechanics ) : turn 5, 
  favourite boss ( aesthetics ) : singularity reactor/thordan 's reign, 
  favourite boss ( mechanics ) either titan ex or nabriales, 
  favourite ost : either titan , ravana or nael deus darnus, 
  favourite non combat activity : triple triad, 
  favourite world area : azys lla or northern thanalan, 
  favourite mount : either aithon ( ifrit pony ) , gilded magitek or twintania, 
  favourite minion : wind up warrior of light or midgardsormr, 
  favourite job : ninja , but i mostly play warrior because of the faster queues and adventurer in need bonuses, 
  favourite glamour : wild rose set with sasuke 's blades zeta,
