  bloodstained : ritual of the night, 
  metroid prime 4, 
  core pokemon game, 
  rocket league, 
  project octopath, 
  hollow knight, 
  maybe day 1 :, 
  mario + rabbids, 
  kirby, 
  i 'd like to see a remake pack of both v and vi in the same style as bravely default/ds iii and iv , rather than a full-3d remake in the vein of the vii one, 
  i think they updated it based on feedback so that it 's a netflix-like catalog of games that you keep for the whole duration of your sub, 
  140 hours on botw , 52 on mk8d, 
  maybe the party made their own calendar ? 
  sweat from flexing for god, 
  probably in case she did something dangerous or risky while on the drug, 
  when was the first time you were ever arrested for public masturbation ? 
  did n't isis say they wanted donald trump as president even before he was elected ? 
  in what world do anarcho-communists have significant sway over european policy, 
  he did n't invoke papal infallibility though , so it 's not on the same level as a decree from god/bible passage, 
  { durarara !, 
  ! x2 ten }, 
  unrealistic options : castlevania symphony of the night , final fantasy vii , english final fantasy v for snes , four swords adventures ( with switch download play like namco museum 's pacman vs ) , castlevania : rondo of blood ( pc engine one ), 
  realistic options : super castlevania iv , final fantasy vi , a link to the past , castlevania : dracula x , super mario 64, 
  snes : v, 
  ps1 : viii, 
  ps2 : x, 
  ps3 : xiv ( played on pc ), 
  all according to keikaku, 
  if it was n't for the turbans and arabic speaking radical muslims would be welcomed by the far right anyway, 
  but for real zoroastrianism and sikhism are legit interesting, 
  castlevania lords of shadow trilogy, 
  the pokemon company is in a 3-way split between nintendo , game freak and creatures , although nintendo owns the trademarks to enough of an extent that character icons could likely be done without an agreement . 
  silly libtard , thinking there 's room in a $ 598 billion budget for both veteran * and * transgender veteran healthcare !, 
  i mean , hundred million dollar fighter jets do n't just drop out of the sky , you know . 
  [ code geass r2 ] ( / s the black knights betrayed zero way too easy . 
  all it took was the word of their arch enemy and an easily faked voice recording to hand him over for likely death ? 
  they never stop to consider that he ca n't be brainwashing them if they can even comprehend betrayal , and even when zero goes full villain and cuts them off they do n't question why he gives up kallen as a human shield ), 
  [ death note ] ( / s for something aside from the near arc as a criticism , there is no way in hell that the prime suspect on a mass murder case goes anywhere near his investigation . 
  if l wanted to test light 's reaction to certain pieces of evidence , he could do so at third party locations , and have a one time verification of his identity with soichiro rather than needing to be on the case ), 
  [ re : zero ] ( / s subaru takes to rem far too easy for someone who tried to kill him more than once . ), 
  mark zuccerberg and mark cuban get brought up infrequently, 
  speak for yourself, 
  would n't work , they 'd all develop spontaneous ` bone spurs ' overnight, 
  cnn = communist news network, 
  nbc news = nothing bests communism news, 
  cbs = communist broadcasting service, 
  the new york times = the new york time ( to spread global communism ) s, 
  the proof 's right in front of you , i do n't see why no one here believes it, 
  assassination classroom, 
  final fantasy vii : advent children, 
  if you do n't like high taxes you should move to a country that does n't have high taxes, 
  ` if you do not have a lawyer , one will be provided for you ' ? 
  more like t h i n n, 
  that 's just sad , not cute, 
  ` blm protesters blocking road ', 
   if that were me in the car , i 'd run them over, 
  ` guy actually runs over protesters ', 
   no way our guys would do something like that, 
   refugees do nothing but sit around collecting welfare , get a real job !, 
   wow , look at all these refugees taking our obs !, 
  when you 're ( presumably ) from a country that voted for a celebrity as president , you do n't get to claim celebrities should stay out of politics, 
  despite it 's witty deconstruction of classic arthurian legend , martha ( 1994 ) does not maintain its relevance in the face of classics such as nolan 's legendary big guy ( also 1994 ), 
  bottom left is totsuka from oregairu , bottom right is nagisa from ass class , idk about the rest, 
  a fresco worthy of the sistine chapel, 
  bottom right side is { info wars : hangyaku no alex }, 
  idk about the rest, 
  nothing gets gcd chad harder than successfully executing mechanics, 
   those faux ads , made to look like a genuine movie poster for war for the planet of the apes , feature the image of a well-armed ape on horseback with the text : `` blm : kill whitey . '', 
  man , i sure do miss cutting and witty satire like that, 
   i 'm not a racist , but i voted for a racist , support said racist 's policies , refuse to condemn said racist 's actions , and willingly hold myself in the company of multiple unabashed racists, 
  because reddit likes money, 
   we should get google to pull whitehouse.gov, 
  sounds good , it 's more of a step than delisting one guy at the very least, 
   first they came for the socialists ... 
  you do realise the irony in using a quote decrying the actions of nazis in support of nazis , right ? 
  if you wanted to update it , it would be more accurate to say, 
   first they came for the nazis , and i did not speak out , because nazis fucking suck . 
  then they came for the racists , and i did not speak out , because racists fucking suck . 
  then they came for the fascists , and i did not speak out , because fascists fucking suck . 
  then , by pure coincidence , the world was a far better place without human garbage polluting it . 
   you 're just as bad as they are, 
  are you seriously so devoid of critical thinking that you can not see any meaningful difference between ' i think black people are apes who deserve to die ' and ' i think people who advocate for racial genocide should be allowed to express those views ? 
   you 're not on my side, 
  fine by me , i 'd rather not be on the side willing to let nazis walk all over them out of a desire not to offend the poor misguided white supremacists . 
   you 're just a fascist who 's too dumb to realise, 
  as earlier , are you so devoid of critical thinking that you ca n't see any sort of nuance between groups ? 
  are you one of the ` nazis were the real socialists ' who thinks stalin and hitler should have buddy-buddied because secretly their ideologies were identical ? 
  refusing to take a side just means capitulating to the winner , and if that winner ends up being nazis you ca n't then wash your hands of any responsibility . 
  that does n't exactly paint a good picture of identitarian patriots, 
  we need a healthy mix of both cancerous and healthy cells . 
  in what world are the democrats , centrists in any other western nation , radicals ? 
   gone so far into horseshoe theory, 
  hard to go into something that does n't exist, 
   calling everything cultural appropriation , advocating for racially segregated spaces , harassing people , hijacking events , the oppression olympics , etc. 
  translation : doing things that have minor negative effects on people instead of just being quiet and waiting for permission to protest, 
  monster is a really good anime that 's fairly similar, 
  but it 's always high noon somewhere in the world, 
  i do n't think antifa have killed anyone yet, 
  at least it 's a non-minion despicable me character, 
  i think ` positive ' in this case means ` has an active policy to push through ' , as opposed to antifa 's negative approach of ` resist fascist/alt right policy ',
