  `` you have heard that it was said , ` do not commit adultery . ' but i tell you that anyone who looks at a woman lustfully has already committed adultery with her in his heart . '', 
  who does ` coveting your neighbour 's goods ' really affect ? 
  and why does jesus care if you look at a woman with lust ? 
  it literally affects no one but yourself . 
  even in the law , it 's ok to be a pedophile in your mind , but it 's the action of stalking or molestation that is the crime , not the thoughts . 
  and have you ever had a stray thought cross your mind uncontrollably ? 
  yep , you 're being punished for that . 
  and it brings up a whole new level of horror when you realise that nicolas cage is reading your thoughts . 
  you never have a moment to yourself , never a moment of privacy when nicolas cage is watching you . 
  it sounds rather orwellian when you think about it . 
  instead of the telescreens and big brother , we have nicolas cage . 
  `` thoughtcrime does not entail sin , thoughtcrime is sin '' . 
  what the fuck did you just fucking say about me , you little fundie ? 
  i 'll have you know i graduated top of my class in the freedom from religion foundation , and i 've been involved in numerous secret raids on the vatican , and i have over 300 confirmed conversions . 
  i am trained in black science guy warfare and i 'm the top fedora tipper in the entire secular students alliance . 
  you are nothing to me but just another fundie . 
  i will logic you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this created through random natural processes earth , mark my fucking words . 
  you think you can get away with saying that shit to me over le reddit ? 
  think again , fucker . 
  as we speak i am contacting my secret network of gentlesirs across the usa and your bible study group is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm , fundie . 
  the storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your faith . 
  you 're fucking stupid , kid . 
  i can be anywhere , anytime , and i can convert you in over seven hundred ways , and that 's just with my bare knowledge . 
  not only am i extensively trained in unarmed debating , but i have access to the entire library of the american humanist association and i will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable beliefs off the face of the universe , you little fundie . 
  if only you could have known what rational retribution your little `` pious '' comment was about to bring down upon you , maybe you would have held your fucking tongue . 
  but you could n't , you did n't , and now you 're paying the price , you dawkins damn idiot . 
  i will shit rationality all over you and you will drown in it . 
  you 're fucking dead , m ` lady . 
  tips fedora, 
  non yec 's only : according to [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/human ) , humans first evolved about 200,000 years ago . 
  the earliest books of the bible were written about 3500 years ago , so it is safe to assume that was when nicolas cage began to interact with humans . 
  so , my question is : why would nicolas cage create humans and leave them to their own devices for 197,000 years , then suddenly decide to govern their lives ? 
  prior to this time , was anything a sin ? 
  did these people go to heaven or hell ? 
  did they have souls ? 
  `` therefore i say to you , any sin and blasphemy shall be forgiven people , but blasphemy against the spirit shall not be forgiven . '', 
  why is blasphemy worse than murder ? 
  is god really that insecure that going `` hey god and/or jesus and/or the holy spirit/ghost , you 're kinda stupid '' is worse than ordering the holocaust ? 
  how is it just that hitler could have been saved if he 'd truly repented in the moment before his death , but someone who blasphemed god gets no such chance ? 
  and if you claim that i 'm taking it out of context , then that either means jesus was lying when he said that , telling the truth in a way that was intended to deceive ( which is basically lying ) or the worst linguist in the universe . 
  without getting into detail on whether the prophecies really have been fulfilled , all they really prove ( if they were fulfilled ) was that the writer of the bible could see into the future . 
  it could just as easily have been prometheus , the oracle , or professor trelawney . 
  just because a prophecy is made , and claims to be from god , does n't make it from god . 
  as an example , imagine if someone who is n't batman wore batman 's costume ( made the prophecy ) and claimed to be batman . 
  does that make them batman ? 
  and it is the same with the biblical prophecies . 
  what the fuck did you just fucking say about me , you little templar ? 
  i 'll have you know i graduated top of my class in the assassin brotherhood , and i 've been involved in numerous secret raids on the borgia and i have over 300 confirmed assassinations . 
  i am trained in first civilisation warfare and i 'm the top hidden blader in the entire assassin brotherhood . 
  you are nothing to me but just another templar . 
  i will air assassinate you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this earth , mark my fucking words . 
  you think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the carrier pigeon network ? 
  think again , fucker . 
  as we speak i am contacting my secret network of thieves across italy and your quill pen is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm , templar . 
  the storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your order . 
  you 're fucking dead , kid . 
  i can be anywhere , anytime , and i can kill you in over seven hundred ways , and that 's just with my bare hidden blades . 
  not only am i extensively trained in hidden blade combat , but i have access to the entire arsenal of the mercenary 's guild and i will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the papacy , you little shit . 
  if only you could have known what stealthy retribution your little `` clever '' letter was about to bring down upon you , maybe you would have held your fucking quill pen . 
  but you could n't , you did n't , and now you 're paying the price , you goddamn idiot . 
  i will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it . 
  you 're fucking dead , kiddo . 
  currently on a macbook pro 13 inch mid 2012 . 
  sometimes when i exit steam and then go back on later , the games have vanished from my installed games list . 
  when i go to reinstall the games , it begins to redownload , but then goes ` discovering existing files ' and , once that is done , the game returns with all the data intact . 
  it 's really annoying , and some of the games take a while for the data to be found properly . 
  anyone experienced this as well , or know what the problem is ? 
  edit : thanks for the help everyone , tried restarting it a few times and it worked . 
  from the wikipedia page on dictators : `` a dictator is a ruler who wields absolute authority . '', 
  god wields absolute authority . 
  `` in modern usage , the term `` dictator '' is generally used to describe a leader who holds and/or abuses an extraordinary amount of personal power , especially the power to make laws without effective restraint by a legislative assembly '' . 
  god has an extraordinary amount of power , abuses it ( flooding the entire world and having job tortured for a bet sounds like an abuse of power ) , and has the power to make laws without restraint ( unless there is a lost bible verse that states god met up with a committee of angels to discuss the writing of the 10 commandments ) . 
  god also committed or ordered genocides against those he disagreed with ( sodom and gomorrah , amalek ( 1 samuel 15:2 -3 ) , the entire world except noah and his bros ) , similarly to the holocaust and the holodmor . 
  god demands loyalty and worship or eternal torture , just like how great leader kim jong-un demands loyalty and worship or being sent to labour camps . 
  he said `` have you heard the word of god ? '', 
  i said `` no because he do n't real '' . 
  checkmate fundies !, 
  or does it need to be a specific model of radio ? 
  using the revolutionary feature of downloading more ram , i have now gotten my computer up to a stunning 1000000 gb of ram . 
  however , i am unable to take advantage of it based on my processor , which is a measly 2.5 ghz . 
  i 'd like to get it up to at least 1000 ghz , so does anyone know a site where this is possible ? 
  thanks in advance . 
  his family tries to stamp out the magic from him , which is really a metaphor for them trying to pray the gay away . 
  he lives in a closet , which is because to everyone but his family , he is ` in the closet ' . 
  his parents were actually homosexuals and of the same gender , and dying to voldemort was them committing suicide as a result of being bullied . 
  hagrid is a metaphor for his first boyfriend , who encourages him to be more open , and hogwarts is actually a male strip club . 
  marty and doc travel forward to the year 2015 . 
  rearrange that and you get 1520 . 
  in roman numerals , 1520 equals mdxx . 
  if you add up the numbers that are equivalent to mdxx , ( 13 + 4 + 24 + 24 ) , you get 65 . 
  6 x 5 equals 30 . 
  30 years ago , the miners strike in britain began . 
  margaret thatcher was prime minister during that time . 
  margaret thatcher was in office for 11 years . 
  half life 2 was first announced at e3 2003 , * 11 years ago * . 
  1 x 1 is 1 , add that to half life 2 and you get 3 . 
  half life 3 confirmed . 
  i mostly play smash bros , pokemon y and alpha sapphire , mario kart 7 , kid icarus : uprising , fire emblem : awakening and theatrhythm final fantasy : curtain call . 
  i 'm also planning on getting bravely default at some point soon . 
  my friend code is 1821 - 9285 - 4787 .
