also , argentine ants have successfully built a supercolony that is thought to be around 6000 km long under europe . 
  most creationists could n't construct a 2 m ant farm from a shop . 
  repent of your electronic communication sins and accept the one true carrier pigeon faith !, 
  i voluntarily watched it ... worst decision in a long time, 
  i believe today that i am acting in the sense of the almighty creator . 
  by warding off the jews i am fighting for the lord 's work . 
  - adolf hitler , speech , reichstag , 1936, 
  give a man a fish and he will eat for a day ; teach a man to fish and he will eat for a lifetime ; give a man religion and he will die praying for a fish - anonymous, 
  as someone commented on that video `` i 'll stop saying god when you stop saying thursday , since you do n't believe in thor '', 
  he just wants to negotiate passage through your territory, 
  adventure of link . 
  the controls were good , but lots of the game was just too hard and cryptic . 
  like having to use the spell spell at the edge of kasuto to make the dungeon appear , or being forced back to the north castle after dying . 
  proof that god exists : if god does n't exist , then who wrote the bible ? 
  think about it . 
  get 3d world , tropical freeze , pikmin 3 , mario kart 8 , wii party u , and pre order smash bros , hyrule warriors and zelda u. 
  most multiplatform games like cod have sparsely populated servers , so do n't get those . 
  wii remotes are more used , but i like the feel of the pro better . 
  depends on the situation, 
  get a 3ds , it has more games than wii u. 
  get the xl , as the regular one is too small in my opinion . 
  no , he was an inferius, 
  better hope the enemy does n't have ground types, 
  super mario galaxy hd , twilight princess hd , super mario rpg hd, 
  xbox one ca n't even run at 1080p 60 fps . 
  something funny : ps4 is better than pc . 
  all of my yes . 
  but does it tell you when the truck have started to move ? 
  single player : final fantasy iv and vi , chrono trigger , super metroid and ninja gaiden trilogy . 
  multi player : street fighter , mortal kombat , contra iii , final fight ii and iii and super bomberman . 
  `` philosophy is questions that may never be answered . 
  religion is answers that may never be questioned '' - unknown, 
  i doubt an atheist would want to work there unless it was literally the only place left to work at in the world . 
  fake !, 
  medieval people did n't have wrecking balls . 
  circular reasoning like : god exists because the bible says so . 
  the bible is right because god says so . 
  satellites are an atheist conspiracy made with satan . 
  purely infallible, 
  civilisation v. insanely addicting and fun , sessions easily last for hours at a time . 
  entering for bioshock triple pack . 
  has instagramming gone too far ? 
  is this image real or fake ? 
  to forgive himself , god would first have had to admit he was doing a sin . 
  it was very poorly worded , and i did n't do as much research as i should have . 
  however , god does n't need to be omnipotent to create another son , as in the bible , he proved he could already do it . 
  time travel , and go back to the start of the 5 mins at the end, 
  i declare war on city states , take their workers , and declare peace . 
  i 've got some bad news for you , bishop . 
  find my treasure, 
  is half life 3 out yet ? 
  an iphone, 
  in maths : what is an example of something that is 100 % impossible . 
  me : getting this question right, 
  in god we do n't trust . 
  need galleons for magic wand, 
  the new kevin sorbo . 
  so god gets to tell people what to do , without doing those things himself . 
  why should we follow those rules if he ca n't ? 
  edit : wo n't, 
  politicians are not immune to the laws they create . 
  so , therefore , god should have to adhere to his own laws . 
  if he does n't then there is no reason to follow them . 
  if god suddenly killed everyone in the world but you for no reason , would you still call that an acceptable decision by him ? 
  and if a human somehow did that , why is that human doing it worse than god doing it ? 
  god should n't get a free pass to do what he likes because he created morals . 
  also , i never stated that god has a law he must follow , i stated that a truly moral god would n't commit senseless murder . 
  i would make a system of laws clearly defined with no contradictions , and written solely by me to account for human error . 
  they would all be fair , and i would abide by them too . 
  this was inspiring, 
  city in the sky , hyrule castle ( alttp ) and arbiter 's grounds, 
  his hair, 
  if god is omnipresent , how can you hide from him ? 
  but how ? 
  what could you have possibly done in non being ? 
   and our church holds that we all sinned in the beginning before any of us were born to this physical world . 
  i do n't know what else that could mean . 
  unless you 're stating that all of our souls were meandering around the celestial plain killing other souls , we could n't have sinned before birth . 
  that 's like stating a baby who is kicking in the womb is committing assault . 
  i live in australia , and it 's new zealand . 
  skinny girls are for wimps because wimps are afraid of being crushed by the fat girls . 
  mankind first evolved around 100,000 bc . 
  also , i think edwardharley is saying that you are twisting the garden of eden to fit it to the facts . 
  but they do n't match up . 
  the bible does not claim that the garden of eden was a metaphor for a lack of civilisation . 
  and how is that the logical interpretation ? 
  where is this supposed 98 % of evidence stating the garden of eden exist . 
  you fabricated the numbers to fit your own version of the garden of eden . 
  of course man would have started civilisation at the supposed same time as the garden of eden because that was when genesis was written . 
  `` stalin , hitler and mao were all atheists , so atheism is bad '', 
  matthew 15:4 -7 new international version ( niv ), 
  4 for god said , ` honor your father and mother ' and ` anyone who curses their father or mother is to be put to death . ', 
  option a : personally appearing before me ,, 
  option b : a suspension of proven laws of physics or other scientific laws e.g. 
  turning off gravity, 
  by pointing out that hitler publicly identified as christian , and that stalin and mao were n't motivated by their religious beliefs , whereas evil people such as osama bin laden and the members of the spanish inquisition were motivated by religion . 
  he brought germany out of the financial crisis they were in after ww1, 
  many creationists believe in the tower of babel as to the origin of different languages . 
  this is n't part of the debate , but who is the lord 's bride ? 
  i 'm already spiritually separated from your god , and it has done me no harm so far .
