  pornography will become the `` norm '' on basic tel-lie-vision . 
  i only have free tv , but i 'm pretty sure that porn already exists on tv , and most porn watchers probably do it on computers , tablets or smartphones . 
  auschwitz will return . . , openly . 
  * citation needed *, 
  but the comments are the best part :, 
  commentor : blacks exist on other planets ??? 
  sjw : yes . 
  we built the pyramids on mars . 
  lance armstrong became a recluse after his discovery on the moon . 
  the white powers that be threatened to kill his entire famikt . 
  my toucans have become as extinct as this author purports the native americans are . 
  everyone is already part neanderthal , since humans evolved from neathderthals . 
  but sure , keep going on about how black people are all pure humans or whatever . 
  yeah but he was white so it does n't count . 
  the important question is whether he rules with an iron hand . 
  brayflox hm , halatali hm and lost city of amdapor drop i70 , hullbreaker isle , tam tara hm and stone vigil hm drop i80 . 
  but it would be faster to either : farm soldiery through main scenario and low level roulette ( for fresh 50 , not overall ) , run lota for i80 gear or farm st for i100 gear ( after lota ) . 
  also , stone vigil only requires i70 , unless they changed it and i did n't notice . 
  til . 
  to be fair , iv breeding * is * from hell . 
  someone ( not me because i have no editing skills ) should add ` atheism ' at 100,000 bce and draw a straight line down to 2000 ce . 
  just like einstein said when presented with the book 100 proofs against relativity ; if it were true , only 1 proof would be needed . 
  that 's just thin propaganda , trees all have thin privilege and support the fat shaming movement . 
   humans have auras, 
  no they do n't, 
   humans have organs that sense energy, 
  no they do n't, 
   we inherit memories from our ancestors, 
  this is n't assassin 's creed, 
   meditation repairs telomeres in dna , which slows the process of ageing, 
  doctors hate her !, 
  find out this one easy trick to reverse ageing !, 
   compassion extends life, 
  that , hypothetically , would also work if you showed compassion to a heteronormative shitlord . 
   love is more than just an emotion, 
  what is love ? 
   billions of other universes exist, 
  it 's probable that other universes exist , but the only way to conclusively prove that ( that i know of ) would be to go through a black hole , since the energy required to create a portal to another universe is more than that exists in our universe . 
  i do n't know why the fact that billions of other universes exist is so earth shattering . 
   meditation speeds healing, 
  i think relaxing is the main relaxing bit , which includes relaxing after heterosexual sex with your white cis partner . 
  riddler was probably an innocent game developer who was doxxed and harassed by gamergate . 
  one day i saw a cis person . 
  so scary . 
  that 's what i meant , since i thought it was obvious that xer meant that type of energy . 
  apparently ` all white men ' does n't include babies , toddlers , preteens , teens , early to late 30 's men , or old men . 
  you were probably playing as a white male leader like washington , if you played as a proud woc like wu zetian you would be going better . 
  give it 10 years , then you 'll be 40 and oppressive . 
  hey they said it , i 'm just interpreting it . 
  oh no , someone sang * their * song the way * they * wanted to !, 
  what ever will we do ? 
  newfag , everyone knows that you have to turn your game boy upside down , hold down and a and scream ` gotcha gotcha gotcha ' to catch mewtwo without the master ball . 
  it 's more like christ 's advocate , but whatever . 
  good point , how about theodora ? 
   yeah , and violent video games turn people into serial killers, 
  do n't give them * more * reasons to hate video games . 
  the key word here being * were * . 
  none of that happens today ( on a large scale , there 's probably still isolated cases ) , so why does it matter if people not of your race wear those ? 
  can no germans wear stars of david because of the holocaust ? 
  the best part of the article was `` does ai have a soul ? '', 
  what do you think ? 
  when a being crosses a certain ` intelligence threshold ' it does n't miraculously gain a soul , otherwise fundamentalists would lose their souls on account of being so stupid . 
  once i got a phone call from a telemarketer who said he was `` bill gates of microsoft computer company '' and that `` your windows computer has many viruses that only i can fix '' despite the fact that i use os x. 
  having a character in street fighter negates all that bad stuff . 
   white people : make a vehicle that can go to the moon, 
   sjw 's : ... 
   white people : make a computer that can perform billions of calculations per second, 
   sjw 's : omg who even needs white people they literally contributed nothing to the world . 
  bioshock 1-2 or star wars kotr plz . 
  happy cake day !, 
  appreciate it mate , but we 're too busy hunting emus with boomerangs while riding kangaroos to be on reddit most of the time . 
  i wonder if this will become an endless loop , like if the original messager went, 
   hey , you made it on tia again, 
  and then xer went, 
   something something neckbeard shitlord, 
  and it kept going on and on until all the resources of the world were depleted and no servers were able to be made to accumulate the posts . 
  hey , someone on tumblr that acknowledges that there can be absent mothers . 
  make sure to write it on wombat skins and only bring vb beer . 
  cerberus or caduceus . 
  it 's probably easier right now to run st for sands , and wod for a ninja chestplate , but if you want it for glamour , t6 and t7 can be pug 'd fairly easily if everyone knows what to do ( which is n't likely ) , but t8 and t9 would require a static or at least a pf . 
  harry potter and the half blood prince of dicks ,, 
  if i had a dollar for every time ken ham was an idiot , it would be enough to make up for the money lost from tax free churches . 
  i wonder if any beautiful verbal rape babies were created from this ? 
  q1 : what 's your in-game name , server , and your age ? 
  q2 : m/f ? 
  q3 : how long have you been playing ? 
  : 9 months , since 2.2 , but i did n't get up to end game stuff until 2.3, 
  q4 : how many hours a week do you play ? 
  21 hours usually, 
  q5 : do you consider yourself a casual , social , hardcore or achiever gamer ? 
  : semi hardcore , semi causal . 
  i usually aim to complete all the hardcore stuff , but not when it 's relevant . 
  q6 : when doing a duty roulette and encountering new players , in which way do you react to them ? 
  ( general description ) : usually i go ` bonus sol lol ' then ask if they know the strategy , etc. 
  q7 : when doing new content , do you wait for an explanation of the fight or watch , or do you try to develop your own strategy with your party ? 
  : depends on what it is . 
  if it 's something like the new main scenario dungeons , st raids or main scenario trials , i blind run it , but for ex primals or coil i wait for a strategy . 
  q8 : if an argument arises during a duty finder run or during a party finder run , do you usually rage-quit ? 
  : not unless it 's * really * annoying . 
  q9 : do you participate in normal chit-chat while playing ( ie : social lss , fcs , or just random party chat ) ?
