  i had a dream when i was 9 that i got arrested for stealing a biscuit from my mum , and the only way i could be pardoned was to throw up the biscuit intact , which i then did . 
  getting my nin to 60 while progressing, 
  full machinist, 
  pld , war and blm to 60, 
  full dark knight . 
  maybe astrologian if i decide i like healing . 
  xer probably accidentally leaked some of xie 's rare pepes onto the market . 
  i get bored a lot . 
  if this is in relation to the valve paid mods thing , i think gabe newell said that he received so many angry emails that they had to build new servers to accommodate them all , although i do n't have a source on this . 
  sasuke 's blades , yoichi bow , masamune or kaiser knuckles . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://i.imgur.com/3in84av.png ) a pic of my plainsfolk lala . 
  sorry for the bad quality , but i 'm away from my desktop and can only use lodestone on my laptop . 
  gear is full demon tank set with burtgang and noct hoplon in case it 's hard to see . 
  and the serpent said `` if you mod in the apple of knowledge , thou shalt know of the glory of modded survival '' and so eve did so , and offered it to adam , and then god rage quit and banned them from the server of eden . 
  buying up useless tomestone weapons , gearing retainers and buying crafting mats . 
  civ v , tf2 or final fantasy xiv . 
  yoshi-p on his birthday invitations : please look forward to it . 
  obviously the garden of eden had a force field designed to keep out ultraviolet light that the sin of man opened up to the world !, 
  well , yoshi-p said that zeta wielders will get a leg up on the level 60 relics in some way , although it 's unknown what that will be . 
  my personal theory ( not proven ) is that there 'll be a stage where you have to meld a level 60 weapon with materia like in the current relic , and zeta wielders will be able to substitute their zeta for that ( as in skipping directly to that state ) . 
  anti-abortion voters are lazy ? 
  any final fantasy . 
  germany : nazi party, 
  can not ally with jerusalem city state . 
  cities with judaism as primary religion lose 1 population every 5 turns until no longer main religion . 
  did n't see that coming . 
  the obvious solution here is to pray to satan for a giant water bucket . 
  god sure seems to go where he is n't invited when it comes to punishment , according to conservatives . 
  saw a pld in sastasha nm not using flash and only attacking a single enemy at a time . 
  he was a legit pld . 
  had the lvl 45 gallant gear and ancient sword from sv and everything . 
  me , the healer and the other dps kept telling him to use flash , but either he was a troll or spoke no english since he never responded ( forgot to check what languages he spoke ) . 
  seems like it . 
  did n't think of it at the time because he actually had a normal name . 
  to quote more specifically :, 
   he said negatives not positives, 
  i can confirm that it is internet-ian , a new dialect originating from tumblr and other internet sites, 
  most sjw 's are far left , and most anti vaccers are far right , so not really . 
  i was going off personal experience , i have no idea on objective statistics . 
  it 's definitely the right that 's been the most vocal , at least based on what i 've seen . 
  stupidity does not discriminate , unfortunately . 
  super strength . 
  or , you could say the disease was really stupid and caused indirect suicide by eating all the food . 
  i once saw oxygen as i was being misgendered , therefore all oxygen must be removed from this world . 
  dolphin only emulates wii and gamecube , not wii u. 
  source : own a wii u and dolphin . 
  yeah , but the ` learning about racism ' sidequest does n't give me a badass op flaming sword or infinite health , so why bother . 
  mine take about 15 hours , but then again i never play past emperor so they 'd probably be longer in that case . 
  i103 is great for 1-5 , and ( with echo ) good enough for second coil , although df ` ing t9 requires i105 . 
  i played the pc version , and it 's good , not sure about 3ds specifically . 
  i do n't see myself having much of a problem with sheldon from big bang theory . 
  dragoon age and yoshimitsu 's island achievements , you have selected regicide moggle mog quest . 
  under the upvote button ? 
  mine 's just a picture of my [ wikia ] ( http://img4.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb1394765763/common/avatars/thumb/3/37/24440195.png/150px-24440195.png.jpg ) profile pic . 
  assuming the hypothetical fish was able to talk , it would probably acknowledge water , since , you know , it * breathes * it ( i know it technically breathes dissolved oxygen but whatever ) . 
  moving to the african savannah is cultural appropriation and imperialism . 
  sweaterbro for reddit ceo . 
  exactly . 
  cishet men are privileged , and also deadly to trans woc 's . 
  i think not . 
  final fantasy iv-vii , super mario 64 , chrono trigger , castlevania : symphony of the night . 
  crested ul ` dahn , behemoth , black mage . 
  damn , i always called it nos key a. 
  now i feel stupid . 
  chrysalis is definitely after iirc . 
  oxygen . 
  i knew i should have switched to android . 
  i think what it really means is that calling the far right islamophobic for calling for all muslims to be deported from america or destroying all mosques is what allows terrorists to get away with their terrorism . 
  make sure to ot and dps the adds down before the group gets wiped or loses to the enrage . 
  number : 5897, 
  game : final fantasy iv : the after years or axiom verge ( either would be great ) . 
  i90 is the minimum , but a party of full i90 people will probably have a rough time . 
  getting to at least i110 is recommended , and more importantly easily doable . 
  nah man , rich people get [ these ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e3/kheops-pyramid.jpg ) . 
  i got in one little fight , and my mom got scared . 
  how come i stopped getting invited to those ? 
  i do n't have the link , but the post did say that , albeit more that they ( gay men ) are so misogynistic that they go out of their way to exclude women from every aspect of their lives , including relationships . 
  i think it 's questioning , as in people who are unsure if they are gay or not . 
  `` i do n't know '', 
  8 man ffv interdimensional rift raid , 4 man dungeon aboard currently mobile airship , new hildibrand fight with kefka . 
  well , it could hypothetically be released for ios and android , 3ds ( idk if 3ds could run it without downgrading though ) , wii u , os x and linux , xbox 360 and xbox one , so there 's that . 
  pluto has less surface area than russia . 
  * triggered *, 
  interdimensional rift from v , northern crater from vii , chaos shrine from i or giant of babil from iv . 
  \\ #justcharizardkinproblems, 
  zone : overworld - ffiv, 
  dungeon : judgement day - ffvii, 
  boss : tie between decisive battle - ffv or dancing mad - ffvi, 
   24 . attempt to impress a girl by joining any group that requires a serious commitment ( the marines , the peace corps , orthodox judaism ) . 
  it 's well established in patriarchy lore that orthodox judaism is the manliest of all religions . 
  soggy goldfish cracker sounds like a new racist insult . 
  yeah , but there was a story about how a bunch of orthodox jews delayed a flight for ages by refusing to sit next to women . 
  doing the lords work right there . 
  this is how jurassic park began , but with dinosaurs instead of toast . 
  even so , i 'm in . 
  shiva , but i personally though leviathan or bismarck would be a better choice for aquarius , since aquarius is the water carrier , and leviathan/bismarck are water summons . 
  1080p is definitely supported , and i can get a framerate of around 60 fairly easily ( amd radeon r9 290 graphics card w / amd fx-6300 processor ) . 
  main series i , v , vi , vii and xiv , but i own all of them except 9-12 , lr : xiii and after years . 
  there was a drowning guy who kept praying for god to save him , boats kept coming but he refused them because he thought god would save him . 
  he then died , and when he asked god what happened god replied that he had sent the boats .
