  the man said ,, 
  `` fucking females being shoehorned into my religious texts , i did n't realise god was such a fucking sjw '', 
  we did it reddit !, 
  gigi for life, 
  fake news , hitler always told the truth about the juden , unlike sean ( who lied ), 
  how does it feel being a beta feminist cuck ^ / s, 
  when the next right wing white supremacist attack happens in america would work , except trump supporters are already happy to ignore those, 
   i worked night and day for twelve years to prevent the war , but i could not . 
  the north was mad and blind , would not let us govern ourselves , and so the war came . 
  it 's not * our * fault our cannonballs were just sitting there in midair minding their own business when fort sumter just * had * to be in their way, 
  for people who claim to love america so much they sure do enjoy venerating people who seceded from and led a war against it, 
  recreational nukes ^ tm republicans are the best kind, 
  like half of these are positive outcomes tho, 
  it might just be me , but i have a strange feeling bombs are already banned in the uk, 
  so much for the ` tolerant left ', 
  and in [ rebuild 3.0 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=legig6ieaqg ), 
  is n't id software under bethesda at this point ? 
  i hate it when he does that, 
  post this again when the flagburner states of america secede and start a civil war, 
  yes , the patriotic americans who loved america so much they created a new country just to escape its laws, 
  digital has slightly faster load times and does n't require manual switching , yet can not be resold eventually , so it 's up to you, 
  digital games work perfectly between multiple users ( bought disgaea 5 on my jp account yet play it on my eng account fine ) , you just pick the user you want right after tapping/clicking on the game, 
  each user has their own save files, 
  ( disclaimer : i have n't tried this myself , nor have i seen accounts of others who have , so tread with caution ), 
  according to [ nintendo 's own support ] ( http://en-americas-support.nintendo.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/22433/~/how-to-re-download-nintendo-switch-eshop-content ) , you designate an active switch that can download , redownload and play digital games , so in the case of losing your switch you 'd call nintendo to choose a new switch, 
  well trump * is * going to be killing a lot of plants once the epa shuts down, 
  ask how they feel about muslim conquests , however ... 
  `` so you oppose some aspects of modern society ? 
  tell me , do you own things ? '', 
  so is obama a drone striking warmonger who wants a world war with russia , or a weak coward who bows down to all other leaders ? 
  as of right now it 's just ' * first * on ps4 ' which makes an xbox one , pc and/or switch ( if it can run ) version likely in 6 months/1 year after, 
  couple of counterpoints :, 
  i believe that it 's mentioned somewhere , either in the manga or a footnote in the anime , that light was planning on moving on to lazy and unproductive people once he believed he 'd gotten rid of all the criminals , which is harder to justify than murderers and rapists, 
  multiple times throughout the series light kills or plans to kill those who have n't even committed a serious crime eg raye penber and the fbi agents , lind l tailer ( he was a killer , although light did n't know it at the time ) , naomi misora , wedy and aiber etc , even planning to kill his sister if she did as little as see the death note . 
  most of these were done , not as the purification of criminals , but as a result of attacks on light 's ego or to cover his ass from getting arrested . 
  light never stops to consider the possibility that some of the criminals he kills are innocent . 
  even in the real world , with as rigorous a process as death row is , innocents manage to slip through the cracks and die , so imagine how many die when the only standard of proof is light 's tenuous judgment ? 
  additionally it leaves the possibility for people to set up fake cases to have an enemy killed by kira . 
  the person he kills to prove to penber that he 's kira was mentioned as having six sexual harassment complaints against him , but no evidence to arrest him . 
  while that particular case is likely guilty , imagine how many false rape claims would be brought to light 's attention ( whether specifically to call kira or for another purpose ) , or people framed by the rich and powerful to hide their own crimes ? 
  light 's probably killed hundreds , or even thousands of innocents because of his binary worldview that anyone who he thinks is unworthy deserves to die . 
  while that does n't invalidate the fact that he * has * done much good for the world , it 's not so simple as to call him a hero and near/l villains ( regardless of their own scruples ), 
  `` one guy in this group once said this thing , so therefore the majority of people in that group also do '', 
  that depends whether or not the tragedy of othello is a more motivating tale to tell than the tragedy of darth plagueis the wise, 
  i thought not . 
  it 's not a story the jedi would tell you . 
  it 's a sith legend . 
  a movie made to look like it actually happened in real life , and the footage was merely found by the actual producers eg blair witch, 
  crack open the fucking cold one shinji, 
  kaji 's watermelons, 
  featuring dante from the devil may cry series, 
  hey , it was the confederate 's choice to stop being part of america , we 're just honouring that choice, 
  the apollo system was covertly instructed by weyland yutani to keep the xenomorph alive at all costs , so presumably it kept the doors locked to prevent humans tracking it down and killing it , or the xenomorph itself wandering off and dying by accident somehow, 
  there 's a new milo barbie , when you pull the string it says ` sex with 13 year olds is great ', 
  recreational nukes, 
  consenting child slaves, 
  mcwarlords, 
  industrial grade heroin, 
  the nazi 's were really left wing socialists , and so is the democrat party , do n't you know ? 
  how can obama both hate america and be a * national * socialist, 
  the only real socialist wing of the nazi party ( and even then it was still a very fascist , right wing one ) was the strasserists under gregor strasser , who were purged in the night of the long knives by hitler himself , so hitler certainly was n't a socialist . 
  very subtle star of david in the top right corner, 
  unlikely , since it 's mentioned that making a living horcrux is dangerous because the way to destroy a horcrux is to put it ` beyond magical repair ' , and plain old death is considered beyond repair to the soul/consciousness of the horcrux 's host ( harry 's circumstances being the exception because of voldemort taking his blood ) . 
  [ 5.3 million died for this flag they deserve to be honoured ] ( https://qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main-qimg-c525856e9fa44637eb07b1dfd2a8dd7f ), 
  do they expect any isis members reading this to just go ` oh darn , i guess i 'm a sinner now ' and go surrender ? 
  at the time he was n't really doc ock yet , since the inhibitor chip had only recently been fried so the tentacles had n't had time to take over . 
  i personally use infuse , but used vlc for a time and it works good too, 
  though none of the perpetrators of that attack were from countries of trumps travel ban , coincidentally, 
  like this ost for a ree iphone 5s, 
  [ here ] ( http://nr92.com/wp-content/uploads/vndcwi4.png ), 
  i watched evangelion because of all of the anime opening parodies on youtube, 
  n e e d, 
  in vampire transylvania , cold ones crack open you . 
   you got a nice ass , honey , and i mean that as a compliment, 
  moron , or gangster ? 
  to be fair on barron , it 's not like trump actually bothers to have him live with him to find out on his own, 
  reply of the year lmao, 
  understandable have a nice day, 
  it did n't sell that well ( despite good ratings ) so it 's not likely , but a soma port would be nice, 
   just been stabbed , where is the nearest hospital ? 
   that man was a lone wolf with no connection to the peaceful ideology of national socialism, 
  you know buggy , unfinished games existed in the 80 's too , right ? 
  word of advice , do n't read sheev 's foreword it completely spoils the entire story, 
  when you could have spent it on missiles to bomb middle eastern civilians ? 
  son , are you a libtard ? 
  he 's not a professional quote maker though, 
  limited powerrrr, 
  except for ceo 's and managers , because that 's v o l u n t a r y and therefore is logically unable to be unjust, 
  unlike the wall , the 30 day plan to defeat isis , and trumpcare right ? 
  h i r e a s a m u r a i, 
  one dimensional root beer, 
  wait , so bombing syria is bad now ? 
  probably too much risk of confusing it with your own/that of a friend , whereas fingernails are less likely to get mixed up . 
  you probably turn into the you when the sample was taken eg a hair of you taken at 25 will make the 33 year old you de-age to 25 again, 
  that 's probably the case , hence why crouch jr kept moody around to get more hairs instead of just shaving his entire head/body and killing him to keep cover, 
  at least it acknowledges that isis is n't the mainstream religion, 
   an aged witch stood in front of him , holding a tray of what looked horribly like whole human fingernails, 
  chamber of secrets , page 45, 
  i hate sand . 
  it 's coarse , rough , irritating , and it gets everywhere,
