  in some countries , you can drink alcohol at 18 . 
  as a ps4 player , i use a controller for the game , but get a keyboard for chat if you can . 
  it 's a nightmare otherwise . 
  it was okay . 
  the turkey was a little dry though . 
  because jesus is * totally * sin free , and any time when he appears to sin is just your tiny atheist mind refusing his love . 
  * throws monkey paw *, 
  first of all , the burden of proof is on the believer , not the disbeliever . 
  you have to prove it is true before someone can prove it is not true . 
  atheism is a null stance , and the default for anything living . 
  it 's like asking what evidence do we have that dragons do n't exist . 
  technically , since we have n't explored the entire universe , dragons could exist . 
  however , since no unbiased , provable evidence exists , we can safely say that , to the best of our knowledge , dragons do not exist . 
  it is technically impossible to disprove a deistic god , since they have done nothing to the universe that is discernible from natural processes . 
  with theistic gods however , they can be disproven . 
  the resurrection of jesus , for example , has no evidence outside of the bible , and that is a book obviously biased towards christianity . 
  the witnesses could easily have been lying or mentally ill , and the romans had no record of it , despite having a record ( although a pitifully small one ) of his life and crucifixion . 
  there is also no proof of other such central concepts as the soul , and the so called ` miracles ' of jesus and the saints . 
  you can also look at the contradictions with the characteristics of god . 
  he is classified as omnipotent , omniscient , omnipresent and omnibenevolent . 
  many problems exist with these , such as the classic problem of evil , and others . 
  for example , can god create a rock so big that even he ca n't lift it ? 
  if he ca n't , then he is not omnipotent . 
  if he can , he ca n't lift the rock , so he is not omnipotent . 
  also , if god is omniscient and has a plan for everybody , then we have no free will , since god knows what we will do before we do it . 
  people often claim that the universe ca n't have come from a big bang , since it required a creator . 
  but then who created god ? 
  if god does n't require a creator , then neither does the universe . 
  but the people who make those complaints are shown as being wrong . 
  if kim jong-il existed as the people of north korea say he does ( that is all perfect and all good ) , then do you think any accurate account of his activities is going to have him being anything less ? 
  that 's not the point of a maths book . 
  it would be like a non fiction book about genghis khan where every other page it goes `` and he was the greatest warrior and military tactician that ever lived '', 
   and never lost his temper, 
  but wrath is one of the seven deadly sins , so if he did lose his temper , then he was never sinless . 
  and here is where the bible gets that wrong : http://www.davidicke.com/forum/archive/index.php/t-34063.html, 
  from wikipedia : `` truth is most often used to mean being in accord with fact or reality '', 
  fact : `` a fact ( derived from the latin factum , see below ) is something that has really occurred or is actually the case . '', 
  can you prove that i do n't worship the sumerian gods ? 
  if you ca n't , then it 's not a dead religion, 
  while catholicism did n't invent god , they are the most popular sect , and have clearly profited from it . 
  why ? 
  magic , chocobos , magitek , cids , biggs ' and wedges , good plot , airships , summons ( except for i and ii ) , black mages and nobuo uematsu . 
  in paper mario 2 , when lord crump is disguised and spying on mario , he goes `` you there !, 
  in front of the tv !, 
  you probably know who i am , but do n't tell mario ! '', 
  hell is a place where you are immune to pain . 
  checkmate masochists !, 
  check your privilege , cis straight white male . 
  you do n't need to prove atheism until theism . 
  it is the default stance . 
  all you need to be an atheist is to not believe in a god . 
  other principles fall into things like humanism , nihilism and solipsism . 
  harry potter : a guy who makes pots . 
  this may have already been posted . 
  most people would still want to go to heaven regardless of whether they thought they deserved it or not . 
  also , you fail to consider narcissists , sociopaths etc. 
  just say `` and religion is the absence of intelligence '' . 
  i 'm sure that most people would rather have their minds changed on something than eternal torture . 
  so that means that nicolas cage thinks eternal torture is best for / u/itsdarts . 
  and it is clearly stated that `` jesus said to him , `` i am the way , and the truth , and the life ; no one comes to the father but through me '' '' ( john 14:6 ) . 
  no room for argument there . 
  unless of course he meant `` no one comes to the father but through me !, 
  and all those other people too . '', 
  innocent until proven guilty exists for a reason . 
  so what happens next ? 
  do they go to eternal torture , eternal paradise , or does their consciousness just dissipate ? 
  if it 's the first , then the point is obvious , if it 's the second , then it 's not really a punishment , getting hurt a bit and then eternal paradise sounds nice , and if it 's the third , then it 's what atheists believe happens anyway . 
  technically , since the universe is infinite , everyone is at the centre . 
  and a sociopath feeling nothing for anyone is not a self deception , since they do n't feel anything for anyone , since their feelings ( or lack of ) are a construct of the mind , and not anything physical . 
  i meant infinite , but at some point all the matter phases out , just leaving empty space . 
  also , on [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/universe ) , which may not be reliable , it states that the universe can expand faster than light due to general relativity , although since we can not view past the light that went with it , it could be infinite . 
  i meant infinite space , not infinite matter . 
  sorry for the misunderstanding . 
  are you disturbed by the number of ufo sightings ? 
  how can 100 % of these be lies or delusions ? 
  a brave member of the pc master race educated a console peasant . 
  that 's why i fixed it . 
  most of that makes sense , except for the ` wilfully blind ' part . 
  atheists genuinely believe that there is no nicolas cage , agnostics genuinely do n't know , so on and so on . 
  people who do n't believe in a nicolas cage are n't doing it just so they have a free sin card , or so they can get away with anything . 
  that 's something that they ca n't change ( unless you count brainwashing ) , and you 're saying that they 're being punished for that ? 
  that 's basically the same as punishing someone for being gay ( oh wait , the bible already does that ) , or for being african . 
  a nicolas cage who punishes someone for something they ca n't change can not be benevolent . 
  edit : meant benevolent , not omnipotent . 
  but if hyper god did n't create mega god that did n't create super god that created god , where did he come from ? 
  and infinite sales forevermore . 
  god goty definitive remastered complete turbo anniversary edition, 
  true . 
  you win this round . 
  think !, 
  not !, 
  but religion gives them a way to brainwash and to convince themselves that it 's right . 
  you wo n't get support to ban gay marriage because ` it 's icky ' , but you will get support because ` gayness is a sin against nicolas cage and all who support it go to hell '' . 
  my favourite word is the . 
  say i chose to eat some peanuts for the first time , and discover suddenly that i 'm allergic to them . 
  i have an allergic reaction , and die . 
  does that mean i chose to die , because i chose the actions that led to my death ? 
  a couple [ here ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-69hhntt1hqk/tlqimukwiai/aaaaaaaaaj4/rpf_dlvak08/s1600/blasphemy.gif ) , [ here ] ( http://loltheist.files.wordpress.com/2008/01/jesusymca.jpg ) , and [ here ] ( http://spiritualhealingsource.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/08/blasphemy.jpg ) . 
  but that does n't mean i did n't want mewtwo in it . 
  final fantasy xiv : a realm reborn , super mario galaxy , the legend of zelda : a link to the past .
