  he could easily have had them changed . 
  say `` thanks !, 
  i really hope zeus answers ! '', 
  at least they admit the world would collapse without all the cis straight white people . 
  now find a way to launch a comet onto some sjw 's . 
   been here 60,000 years, 
   invented a sharp stick, 
   most complex culture in the world, 
  9.9 / 10 literally unplayable - ign, 
  i do n't think any sjw 's know what science really is . 
  ah yes , because someone being bored should make you fear for your life . 
  nope . 
  i 'd tell that god to go ( metaphorically ) kill himself . 
  often , but atheists do exist in areas like the middle east , but they 're mostly closeted to avoid being stoned to death . 
  in poorer areas , it can be harder to access information about atheism and other scientific principles , whereas bibles , qurans etc are more easily available . 
  technically , it is impossible to disprove a god . 
  however , specific actions and interactions of a theistic god can be disproven , based on scientific and historical evidence . 
  however , the argument ` you ca n't prove he does n't exists , so he exists ' is meaningless , as you can use that argument for anything in existence . 
  placebo event only works for minor things , like a cold or a headache ( and even then there 's no guarantee ) . 
  you ca n't use the placebo effect to regrow a leg , or to cure cancer , or to get rid of ebola . 
  even then , scientific placebos do exist , like telling someone a tic tac is actually an aspirin , etc. 
  faith placebo is just the same as scientific placebo , except even more false , since you 're believing a god is taking time out of his busy day to heal you personally , which is significantly more stupid than believing a pill has a few elements in a different order . 
  i never knew that about him . 
  interesting . 
  it 's still in the mid 1700 's though . 
  he can go take a long walk off a tall mountain . 
  next day 's headline : ` the evil atheists are persecuting poor christians ' . 
  writings prove nothing . 
  it could easily have been a mass conspiracy to deceive future generations, 
  while i am a gnostic atheist , i would probably consider myself agnostic about the historical jesus . 
  i 'm leaning towards him existing , but many of his non miracle actions are certainly in question , and there 's a small chance he may not have existed in my mind . 
  i used to be a catholic , and converted in my mid teens . 
  i was n't from an area full of fundamentalists ( i 'm from australia ) that could have turned me off of religion , and i did n't have a traumatic event ( such as coming out as gay and being shunned by my family ) to turn me away either . 
  i just looked at the evidence and came to what i thought was the right conclusion . 
  i could be wrong , but the chances of that are the same as you being wrong about the belief that harry potter lives on pluto killing klingons with prince charming . 
  i would n't say it is ingrained in the human mind to disbelieve in a god . 
  in fact , it could be evolutionarily beneficial to assume a causer where there is no evidence of one . 
  i ca n't remember where i saw this , but one source said that , in the case of a primitive hunter-gatherer noticing a rustling bush , it would be safer to assume it is from a threat and flee when it is just the wind , than to assume it is the wind and get mauled by a tiger . 
  it is possible that the idea of a god may have come from this , but it is illogical to assume that from the universe at large . 
  technically i was told what i had to do , and technically there was evidence ( however flimsy ) , and technically i disobeyed , so therefore by those standards i would be worthy of hell . 
  however , that brings up the point of whether those standards are really good , and the point of whether disbelief really is enough for hell . 
  i would even go so far as to say that no one deserves hell , not even hitler ( although if hell was finite his punishment should probably be long and drawn out ) . 
  it is even a possibility that biblical law was a test of personal morality . 
  to elaborate , it could have been a test of whether blindly following the law came before your own morality , and where you deem it cruel you do n't follow it ( similarly to the nazis who said ' i was just following orders ' when on trial ) . 
  as u/safoz said below , it would be interesting to see this become a debate style thing instead of just posting your opinion , however you should n't feel obligated to . 
  if that were the case , i 'd say take it to r/debateanatheist or r/debatereligion ( but prepare your karma for the barrage of downvotes ) . 
  confess to something trivial from leviticus , like eating shellfish or shaving . 
  do n't ruin it . 
  but , in the case of mt everest , ` at the end of this traverse is an imposing 12 m ( 39 ft ) rock wall called the `` hillary step '' at 8,760 m ( 28,740 ft ) . '', 
  that 's like saying ` holy shit ' means you worship a piece of shit . 
  that was glorious . 
  because his dad was the one who made all that , so it 's basically a little boy getting mad at his dad and making his own rules . 
  if am omnipotent , omniscient god existed , and wanted people to know he existed , he could do it in a few pages , not millions of verses . 
  i wish that fiction kins would act like who they identify as and no longer exist . 
   beard culture, 
  i 'm done here . 
  actually it calls them to turn the other cheek . 
  the atheists and satanists did it to protest the christians doing it , not because they actually wanted to . 
  the bible preaches plenty of violence and hatred , and i do n't see any banning of that . 
  he was insane and off his meds . 
  `` for moses said , honour thy father and thy mother ; and , whoso curseth father or mother , let him die the death . '', 
  ( mark 7:10 ) , `` the fearful , and unbelieving ... shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone . '', 
  ( revelations 21:8 ) , `` friend , how camest thou in hither not having a wedding garment ? 
  and he was speechless . 
  then said the king to the servants , bind him hand and foot , and take him away , and cast him into outer darkness , there shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth . '', 
  ( matthew 22:12 -13 ) , `` and i will bring distress upon men , that they shall walk like blind men , ... and their blood shall be poured out as dust , and their flesh as the dung . '', 
  ( zephaniah 1:17 ) and `` at midnight the lord smote all the firstborn in the land of egypt , from the firstborn of pharaoh that sat on his throne unto the firstborn of the captive that was in the dungeon ; and all the firstborn of cattle . '', 
  how to make a time machine and other future tech , lottery numbers , sporting outcomes . 
   order of white knights, 
  actually sounds like an epic order name . 
  i would join that , except i would be appropriating their white knight culture , and being a knight of colour , it would be very triggering to them . 
  op was just asserting his dominance . 
  ` enlightened by my own intelligence ' started as a cringeworthy post on r/atheism related to not being enlightened by a god , which then spawned a circlejerk subreddit called r/magicskyfairy , so while it originally was said honestly , it was n't about women . 
  justin bieber . 
  atheists are n't all physicists . 
  not every atheist is a scientist . 
  the odds of winning the lottery are 1 in about 13 million , and yet someone wins just about every time . 
  and the problem with the watch analogy is that it has a specific goal ( the watch ) , and a specific way every piece has to fall . 
  with the universe , it had no end goal , and thus could go any way , but this was just one of the many ways it could have gone . 
  natural disasters became more common when society shifted to become industrial , not agrarian . 
  ( 2 kings 2:23 -24 ) god kills 42 children for mocking a prophet 's bald head , ( 2 samuel 6:6 -7 ) killed someone for touching a box , ( 1 samuel 6:19 ) kills 70 to 50,070 people for looking into a box , ( 2 samuel 12:14 -18 ) killed a baby for no reason at all ( he was mad with the parents , but the child did n't cause that ) , ( numbers 21:4 -9 ) killed an undisclosed number for complaining about bread , ( exodus 12:29 ) killed all the firstborn children because their boss would n't let some people be free , ( genesis 19:26 ) killed someone for looking at an explosion and ( revelation 20:8 -9 ) it is prophesied he will kill a number of people that is ` like the sand on the beach ' ( which is several trillion ) for being on the opposing side of a war . 
  technically , that 's prehistory . 
  history generally refers to written history , which only began in about 5000 bc . 
  i think that buys into the ` total power ' point . 
  after all , many north koreans probably think great leader kim jong-un has the right to do whatever he wants , and if everyone believed he had that right , technically he would , but that does n't mean he should . 
  after all , i could assert that i have the right to get free mcdonalds everyday , and if you try and stop me , that 's a violation of my right to free mcdonalds . 
  just because someone thinks they have a right , and many people also think they do , does n't make murder ok . 
  fair point . 
  why would the tyranny of a being be a valid reason for its existence ? 
  this is n't an argument against gods existence , but against his motivations , actions , and whether he should be worshipped . 
  if they were really talking biblically , she would be put to death . 
  god could easily have teleported them a few kilometres away , or projected his voice down going `` stop that noobs '' . 
  he is omnipotent , so it 's not outside of his power level . 
  the ark of the covenant contained the stone tablets that the 10 commandments were written on , and depending on the book , also aaron 's rod , a jar of manna , and the first torah scroll as written by moses . 
  not the literal presence of god . 
  and even if god was in there , he was omnipotent , so he could have made touching him not fatal . 
  if you want prayer in your school , go to a private school . 
  this is based on his personality and qualities as described in the bible , the same way you know voldemort or sauron are evil without actually believing they exist . 
  i know i 'd rather have my free will lost than be * mauled by bears * . 
  nothing really .
