  do you get what i 'm saying ? 
  that promise i made to her ... you know what would have happened if she had n't said anything ? 
  ... buddy . 
  ... you 'd be ech ` ed where you stand . 
  ninja ( no idea on balancing ), 
  1-2 : shade shift now blocks 25 % of hp as damage , and can switch between physical and magical depending on venom choice ( cooldown is refreshed to 30s in case of mid battle switch ), 
  3-4 : sneak attack applies a 5 % damage down debuff for 10s , but has potency reduced to 450, 
  5 + weapon : huton has a chance to crit ( 50 % less chance than other stuff ) , and gains +35 s duration and ups attack speed boost to 20 % . 
  the 20 % falls back to 15 % when it reaches 70s left , and armor crush can not refresh huton back to +70 s, 
  gordian, 
  1-2 : kassatsu has a 1 % chance to grant the user two ninjitsus after the first is cast , however if this happens the second has 0 % crit chance . 
  3-4 : getting crit an all three dream within a dream hits halves the remaining cooldown of duality ( battle litany and internal release can be up for this ), 
  5 + weapon : shadewalker applies a 5s defence buff on the tank and a 5s damage up buff on the ninja, 
  anima + any 5 set : using shukuchi mid fight grants a guaranteed crit on the next combo aeolian edge ( lasts 20s if not used ), 
  there 's a male and female version for each language iirc , so maybe in england the male is default and no one bothers to change it . 
  planktton, 
  i am officially copyrighting the famous ` tehn ' . 
  any wishes to use the trademark will cost $ 1 million minimum , and can be reached at www.reddit.com/user/mattster00, 
  that game had one of my most emotional moments too , but instead it was the joy and relief i felt finally beating a certain bad time , and all the fury that came before it . 
  i know that feel , recently upgraded to 1440p on my desktop and now anything in 1080p or lower feels so trash . 
  i can definitely see why this is tagged memes and illuminati . 
  i have the same ssd ( with 2 extra hdd 's ) , 256 gb model with 170 gb used , boot times average 18-20 seconds . 
  roses are red, 
  violets are blue, 
  i 'm a nazi, 
  let 's go gas a jew, 
  at certain points in the game if you begin to backtrack you can see flowey quickly disappear into the ground , implying that he 's been following you . 
  probably got edited by a lieberal, 
  i 'm sure the slaves who were actually freed probably thanked someone . 
  eat in a dark room . 
  checkmate vegans . 
  i 'm not an expert on police rules , but i 'm fairly certain running away is n't grounds for shooting unless the suspect is showing clear intent to commit serious injury or murder , which most people stopped at traffic are n't likely to commit . 
   stealing a portion of everyone 's income, 
  but he took the fish and bread in the feeding the 5000 . 
  january 1 , 2000 : sexy dies, 
  so did every other one . 
  i think someone datamined it , but not sure . 
  i think [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/jdyotox.jpg ) has it beat . 
  i think killing your family is just a * little * worse than taking your gun and burning your flag . 
  ` approach with caution , prone to whipping and eternal torture ', 
  iiirc ( and this is a big if , i 'm probably wrong ) , marx said that religion worked more as a comfort for the oppressed proletariat as a tool of control for the bourgeoisie , and it would naturally fall away as communism was adopted , not that it should be outlawed . 
  it 's against the geneva convention . 
  fight buttons do n't kill monsters , players kill monsters . 
  many years ago prince underworld `` flowey '' stole one of the souls with determination . 
  prince asriel had one of the souls with wisdom . 
  he divided it into 7 units to hide it from `` flowey '' before he was captured . 
  go find the `` 7 '' units `` frisk '' to save him . 
   but maybe , with what little force power you have, 
   you can force something else, 
  [ force ] ( / dreemurr ), 
  the human 's attacks are physical , affecting the body of the monster , so you 'd see the human slashing/stabbing/hitting etc the monster ( except in cases like mettaton ex where the soul is modified to magic attack ) . 
  with monster attacks , however , they affect the soul ( i believe no monster uses physical attacks ) , meaning you 'd likely see what the player sees , just converted into the third dimension . 
  actually , i do n't think he ever killed asgore up untill the first neutral ending , as he states `` without you , i never could have gotten past him '' , although that might just be him trying to demoralise you . 
  ocarina of time ? 
  what if climate change was made by titanic survivors to try and prevent more iceberg disasters from happening again ? 
  takeshi 's challenge . 
   are you committing suicide too ? 
   no , i just * backflipped *, 
  ftfy, 
  humans : get out of our overworld . 
  because if something like a spider was walking on you , it would make a similar sensation , which would cause you to fling the spider away as you jerked around . 
  the best part for nin would be making a shukuchi macro that homes in on the enemy like shoulder tackle . 
  book cover . 
  i was always a fan of raubaun , especially when he gave teledji what was coming to him . 
  are you harry potter ? 
  i 'm not sure what your problem could be , on my copy i just got it to work by pressing f1 ( i was using a controller but it required kb to work . 
  have you changed the controls in anyway ? 
  maybe you somehow messed something up that controls that . 
  classes are locked until you reach ishgard , but au ` ra are available from level 1 if you have the expac . 
  thanks for that , was a nice help . 
  you get given it by the prince in fynn early on , and from then on you press select ( console/handheld ) , or hold down the status screen ( smartphone ) . 
  from my point of view the skt is bronze !, 
  there was no year 0 , it went straight from 1 bc to 1 ad . 
  i thought it was guyana ? 
  blue was 84 , not sure about yellow . 
  i think some are traded with auriana at mor dhona . 
  the time i brute forced my way through the sinnoh elite 4 with a level 80 torterra and level 50 giratina who both only knew hm 's ( because i went in without pokemom centring and needed pp ) . 
  it might count as a hacked pokemon since it has an irregular catch location , but it has n't been confirmed whether that will be detected on rby transfers so who knows ? 
  actually the maths snaps in two . 
  but they celebrate christmas and easter in harry potter . 
  it 's like saying you can play mario and dr mario . 
  they may look and sound different but they play entirely the same . 
  * you tell jongore you 've fooled him once, 
  * he 's mad, 
  * you tell jongore you 've fooled him twice, 
  * how could you ? 
  * you tell jongore you 've fooled him three times, 
  * you 're officially that guy, 
  it was stated that yaxley now knew the location of grimmauld place , and could easily have captured kreacher , meaning that summoning him could have brought the death eaters right to them . 
  technically it 's not * bill 's * storage system , but in black and white team plasma hacked into the unova storage system and were in a position to forcibly release all the pokemon inside , but they never went through with it . 
  my favourite ones are dreadwyrm handgonne and quicksilver , but kunitomo gets points for ( imo ) actually looking like gauss barrel was made for it ( still does n't look great ), 
  papyrus transcends nationalities . 
  according to the book , fred and george bet thirty-seven galleons , fifteen sickles , three knuts , and a fake wand . 
  bagman said he 'd pay 5 galleons for the fake wand , so increase that to 42 galleons . 
  according to harry potter wiki [ here ] ( http://harrypotter.wikia.com/wiki/wizarding_money#exchange_rate ) , the exchange rate from wizard money to usd would mean that the total comes out to $ 315.66 usd . 
  that might not seem that much , but to a couple of teenagers from an incredibly poor family , it would be a lot , especially since bagman said he 'd give them ` great odds ' on it , which could have easily put them in the thousands or tens of thousands , depending on the exact number . 
  nice try ted cruz . 
  scopes and memes, 
  one theory i saw was that flowey 's saves and resets only affected the underground , so while a thousands years or so could have passed on the surface , the equivalent of only a few decades affected the underground . 
  apparently it 's 646 x 505 , but the source was yahoo answers so it might not be correct .
