  that 's the joke, 
  if abortions were n't sold in clinics , people apparently would n't have them , according to the republican party, 
  more like, 
   if a conservative does n't like abortions , * he * demands they get banned, 
  if a liberal government official 's country suffers a terrorist attack , he employs reasonable force against that group, 
  if a conservative government official 's country suffers a terrorist attack , he advocates for nuking the shit out of that groups entire region and banning that groups religion from entering the country, 
  myanmar went to the moon ? 
  yeah , so how about you stop trying to outlaw abortion ? 
  * tips fedora * but science is already a subject, 
  choose display performance stats in th menu , also tells you stuff like ping and temps, 
  fuck you , i worship soap daily . 
  making people work for benefits actually keeps them on it longer , since they spend several hours a day working when they could be job searching, 
  i guess that whole treaty of tripoli thing was just a libtard conspiracy, 
  time for an xiv shill post !, 
  [ the land bleeds ] ( https://youtu.be/w_mkgxfxfou ) - regular battle, 
  [ calamity unbound ] ( https://youtu.be/yijyvlcelbi ) - boss theme, 
  [ heroes ] ( https://youtu.be/5av8flsjmmc ) - final battle ( expansion ), 
  not enough bolded words, 
  this is a floor inside an orlando night club . 
  when republicans mention gun freedoms show them this picture, 
  d. va as mettaton ex , who ejects into box mettaton when the full thing is killed . 
  or perhaps when that liberal christian is n't a fundamentalist idiot and has a religion while supporting secular laws . 
  that 's * on * the white house, 
  hd really stands for hillary definition, 
  it 's possible that a war did happen at some point ( possibly the one that led to the ikanans summoning the darkness-whatever ) that was only stopped by the intervention of the four giants . 
  with the giants in place enforcing a ceasefire , the civilisations were forced into a shaky peace , that eventually led into an outright peace as enough time passed that relations were normalised and newer generations lost the hate that their elders had . 
  well if you 're being deported to syria it easily could be . 
  but in mario kart the race ends when the second last person finishes , so hitler could end a match of mario kart without having finished the race, 
  have n't you seen star wars 3 : revenge of the right wing yet ? 
  mah child , this peace is what all true monsters strive for !, 
  last time i checked was n't it 1.6 billion muslims to 2.2 billion christians ? 
  ` nestle begins historic merger with comcast , reddit outraged ', 
  even if life in america was objectively better than life in africa for black people , there 's a little thing called choice that seems to have been missed out on, 
   because sweetie , medicine is fucking hard, 
   january 1 , 1996 : terrorism is founded, 
  the brown people , of course, 
  i got axiom verge 40 % off , stardew valley 20 % off and shantae and the pirate 's curse 50 % off so far ( out of just indie 's ) . 
  but 98 % of human existence was before 0 ad, 
  back when quidditch was first invented , brooms were far , far slower , so chasers had way more time to get 160 + points for the snitch to not be a guaranteed win . 
  but i love blowing up buildings ! ', 
  ` safely and legally , in order to make room for new buildings ', 
  boggarts should be able to talk , as in book 3 hermione sees professor mcgonagall failing her on all her tests in the dada test , although it could have possibly just been her pointing at a troll level test . 
  after chapter 14 i 'm convinced it 's satire . 
  1 snapped bean = 1 dead commie moslem, 
  for this , i only considered the absolute final boss theme , so nothing like count bleck , antasma or first phase smithy was considered . 
   `` harry , you must rock the fuck out '', 
  brilliant . 
  learn 1 small trick to annoy religious sects for free !, 
  idk it 's a dank meme not insightful political commentary, 
  in twilight princess specifically midna stores them in the twilight, 
  yes , if i remember correctly guy fawkes did the same, 
  there was literally a benghazi movie, 
  mr youtube filmer sr is my favourite political activist, 
  i will make stalin look like a fucking anarchist, 
  getting executed by the police ? 
  just life , buddy . 
  i think what it 's trying to say is ` animals can sense when someone is a good person through vibrations , which makes them feel safe near that person ' . 
  the title is because it says ` liberalism is the ideology of science ' when that is n't scientific, 
  should be , unless there 's some * really * subtle meaning to it that no normal human could decipher, 
  becase ther mooslims !!!! 1 !!!! 1 !!, 
  why bother when arcon will do it for you ? 
  latest book : clifford the big red comrade hangs a bourgeoisie pig, 
  have you considered sending your story to breitbart ? 
  only if i get the insightful sequel thomas the thug engine experiences legitimate use of police force, 
   we need gym control, 
  lol, 
  but we no about takiyah u moslem, 
  inflation ? 
  six eggs and purple snake are far better than character customisation amirite, 
  do n't you all remember when gay people seceded from the us to form their own country when a president was elected who might have possibly made life better for some , or is it just me ? 
   when was the last time you heard an irishman bitching ... 
  why would they bother , when they have an army of brain dead american conservatives to do it for them ? 
  hey , spoiler alert !, 
  some of us have n't finished reading revelation yet !, 
  if the worst problems your society is facing are otherkin , you have it pretty good . 
  that 's some impressive velocity to be able to fit your entire head in a horse 's asshole without stopping once . 
  whatcha gon na do sinner when godmania runs wild on you !, 
  it 's funny how these people think hating america is on the level of rape and murder . 
  it 's mentioned by the directors that lorraine shot biff in the altered 90 's . 
  dae the thugs are ruining our country ??? 
  mystic or gtfo, 
  based of the idea that mario 3 was a play , this is you working set design, 
  funnily enough islamic defence force sounds like a name a terrorist group would use, 
  same , i actually have the funniest story about that . 
  i first heard the ff4 boss theme ( ds version ) in like 2008 at my friends house without knowing what game it was . 
  fast forward 6 months , i bought mario rpg on virtual console and heard culex 's theme , and spent the next year thinking ' i know i 've heard that somewhere before ' until i got ffiv for myself and found out . 
  hell 's hot enough as it is , why did you have to make it worse with a gtx 480 ? 
  man what a racist, 
  would a twintania egi be possible lorewise , since she 's just a meracydian and not a primal ? 
  missed the opportunity for gaster with a missingno, 
  thanks fam, 
  in other news , ati . 
  hehe , ya know jimbo , no one defends the arab slave trade in any form or way in the west . 
  on the other hand , the american slave trade is defended by conservatives claiming it was ok because other africans did it as well and the civil war was about states rights alike !, 
  now aint that just quacking depressing ? 
  favourite city : quicksand in ul ` dah, 
  favourite overworld spot : the warring triad ship in azys lla, 
  favourite instance : tie between syrcus tower , singularity reactor or turn 8, 
  his name sound brown so he 's probably a terrorist, 
  well it makes sense they 'd be calling the opponent trash .
