   who consistently acted on their violent and dehumanizing viewpoints taught to them by the same systems that gave them huge social capital . 
  til that the apple that fell on newton 's head was an oppressed aoc apple-kin pulled down by the gravity caused by his white wealth . 
  i think yoshi p said he ( and probably other se members as well ) were trying to convince microsoft , but nothing since had been mentioned about it . 
  spam levequests . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.ffxivguild.com/ ) site tells you what leves are the best for each class at each level , but some are courier leves that can drain your gil from crossing between different zones . 
  there were doman children , and some in the gold saucer as well . 
  beautiful poc north korean elections be like : kim jong-un, 
  i mean , would n't thumbs up indicate the baby was ok with being aborted ? 
  what a high honour . 
  thanks cishet privilege , i could n't have done it without you !, 
  i think you 're deliberately misunderstanding this a lot . 
  it did n't just say `` reblog this or a ghost will get you !, 
  '' , it said `` reblog this or a ghost will get you !, 
  one time someone did n't and his body was found mutilated in a ditch ! '' . 
  clearly you are ableist scum trying to dehumanise us truly neurodivergent !, 
  * tips cishet privilege *, 
  posts like this make me feel bad for giving up on my 2nd animus book as nin ... then i see my shiny augmented ironworks magitek daggers and feel slightly better ... not enough though . 
  i 'm pretty sure garlemald has a mostly hyur and elezen population naturally . 
  gaius and nero are hyurs , rhitahtyn is a roe ( from captured territory ) , and i 've seen speculation that livia and nael are elezen . 
  the roegadyns , lalafells and miqotes in their army are all from captured territory , which is why they can use magic , but it would make sense to generally not put conscripted soldiers in positions of power ( rhitahtyn being the exception ) . 
  sorry , i ca n't talk right now . 
  half life 3 is released as a console exclusive . 
  yes , there are multiple stars and moons , but there is only one sun , and only one moon . 
  final fantasy . 
   in hindi , chai means tea . 
  that means that every time you 're in a cafe and hear someone say `` i think i 'll get , like , a chai tea , '' it sounds to many south asians as if they 're saying `` tea tea '' -- which is not only redundant , but also sounds a little dirty ( `` hey bro , wan na go the chai tea bar ? '' ) . 
  i mean , the scientific name for frogs is literally bufo bufo ( toad toad ) in latin , but i do n't see any romans or latin scholars complaining . 
  and seriously , most south asians probably would n't think a white person would be talking in english , switch to hindi just for the food name , and switch back , because most of them have common sense . 
  [ meanwhile ] ( http://i.imgur.com/0qchatx.png ) ( i prefer pc but whatever ), 
  i mean , these are the sorts of people protesting rape culture , cop on black killings and trans panic defences and some mean internet jokes are what pushes their precious feels over the line into the most hatred ever ? 
  not buying it . 
  right now , there really is n't a better one , not that they is that great . 
  it is ( somewhat ) dehumanising , zhir/zhe etc is ridiculous and they is plural , but they is the best , and it 's what i generally use . 
  s/he is referring to the bunselfs of the world . 
   but dr degrasse tyson does n't routinely or readily or deeply discuss intersectional or social justice issues as it relates to science , technology , engineering , and mathematics . 
  maybe that 's because he 's a scientist , not a social justice warrior . 
  zeta is nowhere near the next step from base relic . 
  there 's zenith , atma , animus , novus , nexus , zodiac and then zeta . 
  to start of the questline , buy 3 thanvarian mists in mor dhona , and then go to north shroud for the zenith , and take the quest that appears after to continue the questline . 
  considering that one article states that leonard nimoy faked his own death to become part of the illuminati , i 'd say it is satire . 
  i was kinda just derping around in the ocean one day and found it . 
  freedom of speech only applies to government censorship , everywhere else people can tell you to stfu . 
  quetzalcoatl , mist dragon , golem and maduin . 
  i wish i could guild you for this , but i suppose it 's for the hest . 
  or like kassatsu for nin, 
   i totally do n't hate men , just masculinity, 
  love the sinner , hate the sin ? 
  the sad truth is , that was n't his mother . 
  it was a prostitute who his father paid $ 100 for . 
  and that prostitutes name - albert einstein . 
   and while they may not worship ` the ' god , they think they are god, 
  can i get a [ horseshoe theory ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/horseshoe_theory ) or what ? 
  neurodivergent voice : you forgot ( my pronouns ) ?? 
  what kind of an excuse is that ? 
  well , try not to forget next time !, 
  as someone on the ffxiv subreddit explained it , imagine the average cost of a movie as $ 12 , and the average run time as 2 hours . 
  as long as you play it for longer than 2 hours a month , you 'll gain more value from it than a movie . 
  because the chimps are hiding behind the un xray-able brain matter , as part of their plan to brainwash humanity . 
   sjw : all men are terrible rapists, 
   man : hey , i 'm a man and i 'm not terrible or a rapist, 
   sjw : ` all men ' does n't actually mean all men , cishet scum, 
  youtube guy who mostly makes strat vids for content and also stuff about upcoming content . 
  xbox one vs ps4 . 
  which console is the better one ? 
  the answer is of course neither , but the peasants could n't reach that resolution . 
  it could be a sale on mods ... :(, 
  petition to rename fat children dwarf hamplanets . 
  real women have exobytes, 
  just doing the lord 's work !, 
  ( as long as that work is n't selling mods ) . 
  well to be fair , in some cases light can slow down in certain mediums ( not sure where i heard this , believe at your own risk ) , however in a near vacuum like space light remains at the constant 300,000 km/s which is used to measure universe size so checkmate theists . 
  nice try , bill gates . 
  yep , they would be sent back to 1915 to infiltrate a male only lecture run by none other than albert einstein , at a university that cost $ 100 per year to attend , at which they would get 100 % on all tests before revealing their gender to shame the patriarchy . 
  now try me . 
  hitler ai n't got nothing on them . 
  super mario 63 . 
  it 's kind of a fan made game thats like a sidescrolling blend of super mario 64 , sunshine and galaxy 1 . 
  can confirm , just saw neil degrasse tyson * literally * smoking a blunt and drinking name brand beer while stare raping innocent muslim woc 's . 
  i thought it was tumblr that loved trans women and hated trans men , but whatever . 
  the worst part is n't that they think all white people want all muslims dead , but that this post was made in notes for ios . 
  if you want difficulty , go zelda 1 and 2 . 
  if you want visuals , go skyward sword . 
  if you want portability , go links awakening or a link between worlds . 
  i thought it was more `` humans think in short term , god thinks in long term '' . 
  if literally the entire world but one family is worthy of genocide based on the bible , i think the bible would be the thing at fault in that situation . 
  ford never advocated for jewish genocide , all he said was `` jews hold all of the money , do n't hire them '' which is obviously still wrong , but not on the same level as going `` hey bro let 's kill all of the jews '' . 
   that blame rests solely on henry ford and the dearborne independent, 
  yep , good old henry ford was the sole reason the holocaust began , and not , you know , centuries of anti-semitism started largely by christianity . 
  because it 's always expanding . 
  i wish for immortality . 
  if i lose , i get mortality , which is what i already have , so it would be no different . 
  the opposite of immortality is n't death . 
  i 'm pretty sure the opposite would be `` not living forever '' . 
  like , if you wished for unlimited hot dogs , and failed , you just would n't get any hot dogs , not be banned from eating hot dogs for ever . 
  not that it 's a very reliable source , but [ this ] ( http://www.synonym.com/antonyms/immortality/ ) site lists the antonym of immortality as mortality . 
  wikipedia also describes mortality as `` the state of being mortal , or susceptible to death ; the opposite of immortality . '', 
  so , the opposite of immortal would be mortal , much as the opposite of heterosexual is homosexual , not asexual . 
  star wars would be about a bunch of stars colliding in space . 
  top 3 : [ final fantasy iv regular boss theme ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6c6ihlbn_zm ) , [ mega man ii boss theme ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ffcdmsayanc ) , [ pokemon rby blue battle theme ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dhjciyjziia ) ( i prefer the [ frlg ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jhfjo366am4 ) version but i 'm not sure if that 's too modern or not ) . 
  i play on a pc with an ssd , but since my internet speeds are abysmal i 'd still get at least some use out of it on slow days .
