  by the end of third grade ( 8-9 year old ) should be able to, 
  seize the means of production, 
  well you do have ancient cultures , it 's just that you tried very hard to destroy it all, 
  i knew i 'd missed something , time to exile myself to new zealand, 
  about half of these could mean you 're a jedi, 
  no , that 's [ iwata ] ( https://i.ytimg.com/vi/5bodn-q0g68/maxresdefault.jpg ), 
  hey now , punches in the face require very intense medical care , no need to hate him for it, 
   dormammu , i 've come to sing !, 
  defeating a9 left him blinded by your strength, 
  i wonder how many congressional investigations will be levied against trump for that ? 
  * hint it 's < 0 *, 
  wall-e is more about consumerism , but for the most part it applies, 
  you can tell he 's a socdem , because he says ` kulaks deserved * it * ' , not ` kulaks deserved * worse * ', 
  more of an economic criticism than a political one, 
  that implies that unnecessary information on communism even exists, 
  some multiplats actually have missing features , like in shadows of mordor for ps3/360 the nemesis system was removed entirely due to lack of hardware , which for many was one of the highlights , so they may rate it a lot less . 
  well yeah but it feels good to affirm it, 
  when you tell a white person the average black person experiences more racism than they do, 
  the founding fathers should have just signed a change.org petition instead , do n't they know violence does n't solve anything ? 
  if you have a switch you can play zelda ... . 
  in church, 
  personally i found it easier to just disconnect the right joycon and use it solo , made turning it much easier, 
  given that reviews like `` overrated game , boring , gamecube graphics and runs at 20fps the witcher 3 copycat but budget dont waste your money and better buy anohter game , this is why nintendo is over '' exist , its best not to put too much stock in them, 
  conservative version :, 
   i 'm sorry billy , your answer was right but donald declared that his answer was an alternative fact and that illegal immigrants sabotaged the show so he wins, 
  it 's amazing how easy trump supporters are to manipulate, 
  a nice dinner usually works, 
  spending like 10 different stamina potions/foods getting to the top of the dueling peaks because i wanted to shield surf back down, 
  resolution on the tv is slightly less ( 720p vs 900p ) , no portability , more frequent frame drops and a couple of minor graphical effects toned down/removed ( idk which though ) , but other than that they 're identical, 
  does anyone know if there 's a way to use a laptop as a switch monitor with hdmi ? 
  i tried before and nothing worked , so is there a setting to use or something ? 
  unfortunately the republican idea of ` helping our own ' means tax cuts for the rich instead of actual programs designed to help those who actually need it, 
  sand and being coarse , rough , irritating + getting everywhere, 
  i did the same thing in [ vah rudania ] ( / spoiler ) , just found my way onto the very edge before dropping all my raw steaks and fish on the ground and letting them cook, 
  i think that was yooka laylee that lost its wii u version ( albeit they may or may not allow wii u backers a switch copy instead ), 
  i 'm not sure , but i think it 's up to the discretion of the developer , i know in terraria you had to specifically designate cloud saves instead of the entire thing by default, 
   draw your last pathetic tenet so i can end this lenin, 
   my marx 's ideology * has * no pathetic tenets nicholas . 
  but it does contain the unstoppable revolution !, 
  if words were like bullets i 'd throw a book at your head . 
  that 's was n't something i needed to see ever, 
  5 stars, 
  have you ever heard the tragedy of darth grandma the memetic ? 
  just looks like a couple of true patriots exercising their second amendment rights here, 
  that 's what kid cruz would have wanted you to think, 
  what are you talking about , that 's a work of art, 
  dae anything but married sex in the missionary position for the sole purpose of reproduction is a sin ? 
  i 'd say calling every millennial who does n't adhere to your rigid standards for sexual conduct a moral-less bastard is just a tad more cunty than that , but whatever makes you happy . 
  no , this is just from an alternate future where the democrat party is composed solely of sentient crates . 
  man , i hate it when i ca n't make my tutors teach what i want them to, 
  rock on stick , circa 15,000 bc, 
  kick out the republican party ? 
  op specifically mentioned natural selection in his title , which inherently involves who gets to live/did/reproduce , so in this case it 's safe to assume, 
  not quite . 
  for you see , top left is a class conscious communist looking to turn to drugs to dull the pain of capitalism , while top right is the ` hug of death ' used by nazi officers to round up undesirable groups during the holocaust, 
  * bloody sunday 's hysterically *, 
  if we count the sponge out of water movie he can both breathe and move , but tv only probably not . 
  i think in one episode he , patrick , krabs and squidward go to the surface and do n't die , however they are harassed by a seagull and have to retreat , so they would n't fare well at all against the enemies thor has to face, 
  additionally , being a god himself may provide drowning resistance as a default power , or at the least he 'd be able to bargain with neptune ( in spongebob there 's a god and king neptune , he 'd probably see the former ) to get one, 
  obviously his computer was powered by a series of hampsterwheels , so he needed to find a spare hampster to put on the missing wheel, 
  because islamic terror is nowhere as significant a threat to the world as nazi germany was ? 
  if your first thought upon seeing nazi and confederate symbols is of the alt-right , then that says a lot about what you must think of it, 
  it might be like the inverted triforces on the statues in ikana in mm , just a symbol without any ( known ) meaning, 
  maybe cap has to jet back to new york for something wakandan based , he runs into spidey , and then they talk it out , with cap trying to convince spidey that he 's not getting the whole story about the sokovian accords, 
  he was probably trying to keep a low profile to avoid the eye of the empire , and rumours of a jedi on tatooine would have been a major red flag , so he decided it would be better to just watch over luke normally . 
  if you want petty arson to carry the death penalty vote to make that the official sentence, 
  99.9 % sure it 's not an official name , but i meant it in terms of ` minor arson ' , as in , burning an empty car is obviously not as bad as burning down a house with people inside it , or the like . 
  i 'm talking more about the scale rather than the actual crime designation, 
  is playtime supposed to be shown by now ? 
  i remember some reviewers or whatever talking about how theirs activated after a week ( one of them had ' 100 hours or more ' on botw ) , but i 've had mine 10 days now and still nothing . 
  what does it matter if whites become a minority in europe ( contrary to popular belief , america and canada are * not * the homeland of white people ) if minorities have it so good as they are now anyway ? 
  [ approximately 7.6 million people die every year from starvation under capitalism , how would you react to * their * experiences ? 
  ] ( http://www.poverty.com/ ), 
  i 'm questioning the ` genius ' part of your username, 
  and slavemasters regularly had children with their female slaves , so by your logic they 're bastions of equality, 
  probably for the mini cutscenes when you get special items from chests ( e.g the bow ) how it spins around link to build up dramatic effect, 
  government policies = / = socialist policies . 
  i do n't need to research you to know that i hate you, 
   the holocaust never happened and i hate jews, 
   reasonable, 
  pick one, 
  because racism is more than a different perspective ? 
  in theory , neutrality means not taking a side, 
  in practicality , neutrality means implicitly taking the side of whatever issue is dominant, 
  it 's always a funny coincidence that those who claim the holocaust never happened are the ones who wish it did, 
   17 hour old account, 
  who could have possibly foreseen that ? 
   because they have a birthright to those lands that their ancestors fought and died for, 
  so if americans have a right to america via conquest , why do n't muslims have a right to europe via conquest ? 
   also because the less native inhabitants in a white european nation , the more crime and less trust/social cohesion there is ( look at germany 's recent violent crime statistics by ethnic origin to learn more ) . 
  and yet they * still * do n't come close to the level of crimes performed by native born americans, 
   america and canada were colonized on unclaimed lands for white european immigrants ( same with south africa - nobody inhabited that land ) . 
  native americans were nomadic tribes that did not have established towns or cities . 
  have you ever heard of terra nullius ? 
  the argument the british empire used to justify brutally colonising and oppressing dozens of nations ? 
  because that 's the logic you 're using to justify your belief that natives ca n't own land unless its well developed enough, 
   i wish everyone of every race the best of luck in their own land . 
  africa for africans , asia for asians , europe for europeans . 
  i 'll be joining you on the next boat ride back to europe then, 
  the quote assumes that the end of jim crow and the civil rights act magically removed all other factors contributing to black poverty , which is patently false .
