  there 's wonder trade , where you put up a random for a random , and global trade system , where you put up a specific pokemon for another specific pokemon , also allowing for other factors like level . 
  seriously , what nebulous entity is trying to forcefully take away the right to not hang american flags ? 
  at isis meetings are they just like ` we will destroy america and the filthy infidels !!!!!!, 
  oh but we 're going to force them to keep american flags up because it 's important to be patriotic ', 
  you underestimate my delegates !, 
  pfft , 2 4k screens ? 
  what is this , 2016 ? 
  i demand at least 23 8k 200 hz screens spread precariously around the room , each running part of the game, 
  unfinished battle from xenoblade chronicles , the extreme from final fantasy 8 , hiding the secrets from doom 1, 
  that does n't look anything like ted cruz, 
  i wish, 
  ani-me too thanks, 
  but you know what 's more important than swood ? 
  grommets !, 
  how many years ago was this costume used ? 
  a couple a'hundred of them, 
  wait a second . 
  darrin ... darryl ... does thor 's roommate have any dark secrets he needs to share ? 
  this lootcrate was sponsored by audible.com, 
  they might have an upgrade campaign of some kind where buying the wii u version gets you 40 % off a download copy of the switch version or something, 
  zelda : four swords for switch, 
  according to some eu book or whatever ( idk which one ) , he basically shrieked so sith-ly that it stunned them from the sheer power, 
  on a semi related note , how do you come up with a first name like track ? 
  iirc hitler claimed that jews had corrupted christianity and attempted to come up with his own sect , then said ` fuck it ' and went full pagan, 
  * pence sits down next to hillary *, 
  did you ever hear the comedy of darth trump the foolish ? 
  it 's a republican legend . 
  darth trump was a president-elect of the republicans so powerful and so foolish , he could use the media to influence the electorate to create ... bigotry . 
  he had such a knowledge of the media , he could even keep the ones he cared about ... from getting their jobs outsourced . 
  he became so powerful , the only thing he was afraid of was losing his job ... which , eventually of course , he did . 
  unfortunately , he taught his vice president everything he knew . 
  then his apprentice impeached him in his sleep . 
  ironic . 
  he could save others from job loss ... but not himself . 
   after anakin * remained loyal to the republic and killed the attempted traitors *, 
  ftfy r/empiredidnothingwrong, 
  i would watch a fight scene between a teacher and 2 students with rulers, 
  it 's over anakin !, 
  i have the higher education !, 
  you underestimate my iq !, 
  like that time america managed a revolution without a single casualty , right ? 
   now look at this mosin , that i just found, 
   when i say \u0438\u0434\u0442\u0438 , be ready to shoot, 
   shoot it at kulak , not me, 
  in link 's awakening she 's only mentioned by name , right in the very start when link confuses marin for her, 
  apparently it 's powered by some variation of the nvidia tegra , which would put it at around 3x the wii u in raw power ( 352 gflops vs 1 tflop ), 
  based off the size and shape i 'd say it 's that too , maybe zelda gives you an upgraded one like with the ocarina of time in oot, 
  it might be in stages e.g. 
  part 1 you play as link , then end up captured/comatose/injured etc , then in part 2 you play as zelda looking to free link/defend hyrule while he recovers , then in part 3 you can interchange whenever you want . 
  do n't kinkshame, 
  considering breitbart literally has a section called ` black crime ' this is getting off easy, 
  if you only count the votes of patriots trump has 100 % of all the votes, 
  [ here 's ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/enoughtrumpspam/comments/5bp4a3/i_have_been_collecting_examples_of_hatred_from/ ) one list, 
  who are both played by the actor timothy brentwood, 
  i disagree with this picture , the empire did nothing wrong, 
   but once they come for the subs you like , there might not be anyone left to come to your help . 
  oh no , a subreddit i like got banned !, 
  what ever will i do ? 
  all you asked for was stuff people on rdon did , you never specified how many upvotes they needed, 
  if you can do it for over 130 days and never see a positively upvoted comment calling you out on it , then you 'd at least have a solid case in favour of it, 
  is jontron the fucking bird ? 
  sorry , i only speak to my stepbrother, 
  not as good as the gameboy that literally survived [ being blown up ] ( http://geekologie.com/2008/03/gameboy-survives-bombing-still.php ), 
  considering most of the pictures posted are of comments themselves , you would n't need to go very far to find arguments, 
  like , you win as soon as you post a comment , so just take a screenshot of that and call it a day, 
  i ca n't decide whether or not assuming how everyone who advocates for taxation must be a communist , or that ` theft ' is a crime deserving of death is the best part . 
  well there was that one time he did seed with jacques, 
  take off that swood , what are you, 
  bombad zagat sailor grommet, 
  trump voters are n't even the majority, 
  plus fiance and fiancee, 
  since multiple comments mention hp i decided to just link the whole thing, 
  well it 's not like you can ask any unborn children if they enjoy life to compare, 
  to add on to this , maybe the reason he does so is because he plans to aid dumbledore in fighting grindelwald somehow ( possibly involving taming magical beasts grindelwald uses to fight with ) , and he wanted aragog to be safe in case he died, 
  dumbledore fought grindelwald in 1945 , and he was explicitly a transfiguration professor in the 1942 flashback in chamber , and he was unlikely to have been a fresh teacher given he was able to talk headmaster dippet out of fully barring hagrid from hogwarts grounds . 
  let 's say that you * are n't * fabulously wealthy , but someone powerful is convinced that you are , and decides to kidnap and torture you to find out the location of your wealth . 
  despite all of your pleas that you 're innocent and do n't know anything , they continue . 
  what happens then ? 
  how is the kidnapper able to distinguish between someone who genuinely does n't know anything and someone able to hold out under torture ? 
  how would they be able to cut off your legs if your laser vision eyes already decapitated them ? 
  you ca n't solely use hypotheticals to prove a point, 
  you seriously think there 's not a single terrorist in the world who 'd rather die than betray what they consider the most important thing in existence ? 
  the subreddit is n't going to officially do anything bigoted ( like , say , putting ` black people are subhuman ' in the sidebar ) because they 're at least smart enough to realise that would be internet suicide . 
  it 's impossible to argue against your reputation if proof is there for everyone to see , which is why it 's generally restricted to comments , which most non subscribers wo n't bother to check . 
  actually , only the screen was replaced , and that 's just because it was too dirty to see what was on it , it still functioned fine, 
  she was never the same after vietnam, 
  given that it 's mentioned the book has been revised into multiple editions over the years , there may be a ` school ' version that only has what is necessary to pass whatever subjects need it , and a ` full ' version that has everything, 
  this was before lily and james ' deaths . 
  after that , he certainly stayed to avoid azkaban , but prior he was likely a spy who turned, 
  iss byotiful, 
  is the original even on vc ? 
  it 's not latvia 's fault they do n't have any potatoes, 
  that kinda ended with the * x * cake saga being over , nothing that disgusting for a while, 
  the b0ss has returned, 
  to aid those in need, 
  probably a dungeon/trial/raid on the dreadnought airship once it gets unstuck from azys lla, 
  the song 's name is progenitor , and i do n't think it is on there, 
  i just want [ the hand that gives the rose ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q6rotxrtziq ) . 
  unless it 's already there , in which case time to go farm ravana, 
   biggest fear ... but with sand,
