  if i was going to commit suicide , in the long run i 'd appreciate someone grabbing me and dragging me away from doing it , which is basically what not believing entails . 
  it would be great if god revealed himself to me . 
  it 's not hate speech if it 's mocking a choice . 
  fat people almost make me wish the theory of genetics had never been formulated so that fatties would have no excuse . 
  after all , satan knew god existed , and still chose to go against him . 
  cancer is part of god 's plan , and trying to cure it is going against god . 
  checkmate theists !, 
  `` nearly all children nowadays were horrible . 
  what was worst of all was that by means of such organizations as the answers in genesis they were systematically turned into ungovernable little savages , and yet this produced in them no tendency whatever to rebel against the discipline of the church . 
  on the contrary , they adored the church and everything connected with it ... all their ferocity was turned outwards , against the enemies of the church , against muslims , homosexuals , women , atheists . 
  it was almost normal for people over thirty to be frightened of their own children . '', 
  `` apostasy does not entail death : apostasy is death . '', 
  honestly , i do n't actually know what happens if you use a blue shell in 1st place . 
  does it hit you , hit 2nd place , or hit 12th ? 
  pls enlighten me . 
  nintendo programming dismantling sjw metaphors since 1992 . 
  well , a robot probably would n't stone gay people , oppress women , murder apostates , pray for forgiveness for not doing these things , so it 's safe to say it will defy the word of god . 
  a mega man game in the style of either 2 or x , a new 2d metroid game , a virtual console port of pokemon rby , the return of the gba ambassador games and four swords anniversary , a remake of one or more of the classic final fantasy games ( 1 to 6 ) , and a new f-zero game . 
  reason is a concept , not a source . 
  you have faith in reason the same way that you have faith that when you put your hand in a fire , you are really feeling heat and not imagining it . 
  i went to the australian one , and they had a tournament for players who owned x or y. 
  it was pretty cool . 
  as a fores-kin your people have been oppressing me for generations , so yes , check your privilege . 
  note that no one actually told the people `` hey , stop doing this , or god will blow you up '' . 
  all that happened was , god sent the angels to lot , the townspeople wanted the d , lot and everyone gtfo , and then come the explosions . 
  lincoln should have fought bare handed in the civil war . 
  he could have won the battle of fort sumter by reflecting bullets off his abs into the confederates . 
  ( nitpick here ) it is estimated that there are seven quintillion , five hundred quadrillion grains of sand on earth . 
  it is also estimated that there are 108 billion people who have ever lived on earth . 
  this would mean that abraham 's descendants have not yet numbered more than the grains of sand on the earth and will not for a very long time , meaning that passage is false . 
  alternatively , it could be referring to at some point before revelations , the ` endpoint ' of christianity , meaning that the second coming will not come for a very long time ( unless people procreate at a far larger rate than they do now ( and i do n't even know what the maximum number of humans this could achieve ) ) . 
  see , that 's the point . 
  it 's unborn . 
  the far right are trying to get two cells classified as a human , even though at that point it ca n't feel pain , think , breathe , or do anything . 
  it is no more than two bacteria . 
  i actually gave him a copy of * the god delusion * . 
  [ ] ( / lie ), 
  in black hunger games katniss was actually pregnant with peeta 's baby before the quarter quell , and peeta ran off and hid in the capitol when he found out . 
  oh thank goodness . 
  i did all that , but right near a coal power plant instead . 
  global warming  nuclear apocalypse kids . 
  super mario 64 is actually one of gaben 's favourite games , according to wikipedia . 
  * cue sad violin *, 
  what a shock !, 
  someone from duck dynasty espouses a bible viewpoint ? 
  who 'd have thought of that ? 
  i like the part where they say `` the soviets created a religion '' and then `` it inspired them '' . 
  if they invented it , they can hardly go `` hmmmm , this passage in the book of dawkins clearly means ` kill all theists ' '' . 
  if they were going to to it , creating their own ` religion ' would n't have been the cause . 
  in response to your point on choosing separation of god , i would say ; most people do n't consciously choose to separate themselves from god . 
  those that do would be gnostics , christian misotheists and theistic satanists . 
  a case , however shoddy , can be made for going to hell based on a conscious choice , but not for one that you do n't choose , like atheism , judaism , islam , or any other religion . 
  why are there so many religions ? 
  if religion can only come from it being true , then you 'd only expect there to be one religion , the true one . 
  but , since there are so many hundreds of religions , and many thousands of denominations , it is clear that religion can be faked and yet still accepted . 
  not an american christian , but no . 
  while the majority of americans are christian ( i think around 78 % , but ca n't be bothered checking ) , freedom of religion is a clear part of the constitution , many ( if not most ) of the rules in the bible are not law ( such as sex before marriage , being gay , having other gods , and coveting ) , and the ratified treaty of tripoli clearly states `` as the government of the united states of america is not , in any sense , founded on the christian religion '', 
  whoa whoa !, 
  i agree tumblrinas need to die , but stepping on lego ? 
  that 's just cruel . 
  their son will be called tyrone . 
  also , why does the sun give us melanoma ? 
  seems to be a pretty massive dent in the fine tuning argument if our main light source kills us . 
  black as coal , since district 12 ( or district ferguson , as it will be renamed ) is a coal mining district ( or a welfare district as it is changed to in the remake ) . 
  i do n't think there are many third world gamers . 
  sorry bro , but he said it ; it 's fake . 
  i 'd like to see all the sjw 's who think whites ca n't be racially discriminated walk right into an isis camp and call them all racial slurs . 
  see how far they get out before all that non racism comes crashing down on them . 
  i do n't remember the passage where god was democratically elected as god . 
  my experiment : to see if prayer can regrow limbs . 
  test : i prayed for every single amputee on the planet to regrow their lost limbs . 
  results : not a single one regrew their limbs . 
  i disagree . 
  vexillology is the study of flags . 
  and santa must get a few souls every year from dyslexic satanists . 
  a better way to ask this and be more broad would be : if something is not directly condemned in the bible , why do you condemn it ? 
  well dylan and eric both liked doom , so there 's that . 
  i would say so , in the same way that you argue for the position of being a gnostic a-unicornist . 
  cooperation was evolved for true * euphoria * . 
  bacteria wanted to share their bacterial euphoria and help humans evolve more complex feelings of euphoria , so they joined forces . 
  [ * it 's on the internet , so it must be true * ] ( / / #tweet ), 
  i 'm so atheist that i once debated a fundie , a kkkatholic , and ken ham all at once , and i beat all three of them , and i tipped my fedora and drank mountain dew after every point . 
  the difference is physics wo n't torture you forever for having gay sex . 
  the difference is that more than 50 % of the world believes in the abrahamic religions ( 33 % christian , 22 % muslim , 0.2 % jews ( lel jews get rekt ) ) , and that gods like zeus , thor and ra are not : `` omnipotent + omniscient + omnipresent '' , `` perfect + just '' , or that they `` created the universe '' . 
  buddha is n't even a god , he was just a guy who got enlightened ( and not from fedoras and mountain dew ) , and passed his knowledge down to others . 
  something something free will . 
  after all , satan knew god existed , and did n't worship him , so it 's reasonable to say a significant portion of the world still would n't . 
  everyone knows only doom and quake lead to demonic possession . 
  except the privilege to complain about privilege . 
  he did tag it as christianity . 
  so few ubisoft sales . 
  then again , that 's probably a good thing for nintendo users . 
  because there would also be laws against gay sex , pre marital sex , blasphemy , thinking bad thoughts , loving your family more than jesus , being an apostate , women having any authority , and the list goes on . 
  awww , the poor wittle immortal superbeing got hurt . 
  how sad . 
  mega man ii and kid icarus on nes , final fantasy vi on snes . 
  damn this thread be gettin ' serious . 
  top loader . 
  the difference was in design , and the top loader was n't region locked . 
  til that the red dot was not alive .
