  the stone can only be taken by someone who does n't intend to use it . 
  so ... get a minion to get it . 
  minion plans to give it to voldemort , does n't plan to use it for himself . 
  and this is just the first book !, 
  security is shit there . 
  first : at this point , voldemort does n't know who he can trust . 
  he 's probably still feeling the disappointment from no death eaters coming to rescue him , so he may not think he * has * anyone who could take it for him . 
  second : dumbledore would be smart enough to think of the minion loophole , and add a ` also you ca n't take it for someone else to use ' clause . 
  third : even then taking it for voldemort could count as ` using it to gain favour with the dark lord ' , which may be enough . 
   how unorganized everything is . 
  the first years are taken in , sorted into their houses , shown to their forms , and ... what ? 
  given no information . 
  no map ( which would be useless anyway ) , no schedule , not even an initiation or introduction . 
  in half blood prince it mentions ` the distribution of timetables was more complicated this year ' , so they do get timetables every year . 
  they get a brief introduction from dumbledore at the great feast on the first day . 
  it 's probably up to the prefects and head boy/girl to deal with helping students around , and harry probably did n't consider what percy had to say to be worth remembering, 
  plus brooms have had hundreds of years to get dozens of times faster , while the snitch likely has n't gotten any faster , so that forces the game to be shorter, 
  i 'd say the founders were a bit stronger than the marauders were, 
  spongebob did n't saw away at the foundations of the establishment after reading the wealth of nations , did he ? 
  trotsky : the state will decide your fate, 
  stalin : i am the state, 
  trotsky : not yet, 
  stalin : * unsheathes icepick * it 's capitalism , then ? 
  marx-chan best girl, 
  yeah , there actually was a troll as one of the trials brought in by quirrell ( although he had previously knocked it out so the gang did n't have to fight it ) . 
  i think it was the chamber of secrets that was under the lake , which op probably extrapolated to the whole of slytherin, 
  i love edgy people who use the fucking joker to advocate their viewpoints, 
  in titan ex , i tried being fancy and used aetherial manipulation to teleport out of a landslide ... 
  only to land on top of someone else who got landslided, 
  only the pipes start under the bathroom , they continue for an incredibly long distance which takes them under the lake ( harry speculates this himself ), 
  he appears as a cameo in mal : superstar saga , but as a doll , not a character, 
  you just gave me a mental image of mario using an elongated fire flower as a sword to fight ganondorf, 
  if they dont have tbe fear of god ther probably mooslim sinners !!!!!, 
  i tried taking out both one and two sticks ( could n't take out the third one because it 's directly under my cpu cooler and it would be annoying to redo it ) , and no success unfortunately, 
  how coarse , rough and irritating is it , and does it get everywhere ? 
  i 'll try spin attacking , that 's a good trick, 
  oh , i thought i bought a lot of things for mine but apparently not, 
  nintendo switch grey, 
  breath of the wild, 
  super bomberman r, 
  3x botw amiibo ( archer link , horse link , zelda ), 
  case + screen protector, 
  charge grip, 
  zelda headphones, 
  [ like the time a white kid raped a mentally disabled black kid with a coathanger and avoided any prison time , and even avoided getting it classified as sexual assault or a hate crime ] ( http://countercurrentnews.com/2016/12/white-high-school-football-player-handicapped-black-teammate-with-coat-hanger-walks-free/ ) ? 
  compared to the four black people who all got jail time, 
  i just * love * the irony of trump supporters criticising someone who was born in riches , did n't contribute to the army and divorced someone, 
  i also liked how different consoles got different versions of third party games in the same franchise ( e.g castlevania 4 on the snes vs castlevania bloodlines on the mega drive ) , since it meant that for emulation nowadays you get twice the games for certain franchises, 
  i am thesenate, 
   calls islam primitive and outdated, 
   wants to return to the standards of the 1000 's, 
  i have mine at the border between the deep grand reef and the inactive lava zone ( right near the abandoned seabase ), 
  i do n't think n64 emulation is that high-speccy , i could do it on my 2010 macbook pro ( dual booting windows ) , without any issues, 
  * order your copy of the legend of zelda : breath of the wild and get a free copy of link 's pro snowboarding 2k17 today !, 
  just in case you forget what country you live in, 
  ca n't wait for the inevitable gif of a shield breaking mid-skate only to have link slide down the mountain face first, 
  is 2 shinji from evangelion ? 
  `` finally !, 
  a game that accurately portrays eating the flesh of your victims ! '', 
  / uj is that seriously his last name ? 
  because that 's sounds like something a fan would come up with, 
  / rj from sleazebaggano , we can see * s * leazebagga * no * , so sno . 
  then , we look at ketamine , a popular drug similar to death sticks , and what does it start with ? 
  put them together , and what do you get ? 
  why , nothing more that snoke , that is !, 
  i hope each seed gets its own unique number ( as opposed to things like skultulas just filling up a number ) , so that when you inevitably try for a 100 % run its easier to find out what you missed, 
  majora and his tribe were the ancestors of the ikanans , and used the magic that would eventually become part of the mask to construct stone tower temple ( since it mentions the mask was used for ` hexing rituals ' ) , they used it to build the anti-gravity mechanisms , animate the eyegores and other ` magitek ' creations ( possibly goht ) , and design the magic behind the elegy of emptiness ( since it 's the only temple song that makes a physical presence as opposed to just influencing real world objects ) . 
  either kirin , sleipnir or ixion after the final fantasy summons ( or maybe just go full xiv and go with aithon , boreas , markab , gullfaxi , xanthos and enbarr ), 
  the final fantasy summon, 
  r e c r e a t i o n a l n u k e s, 
  you dare bring cd-i to my zelda collection ? 
  you will die !, 
  might be like in albw where the maiamai 's were tracked based on region ( e.g. 
  lake hylia ) , but likely divided further into subregions because of the sheer number, 
  what are you doin ' in mah hyrule field donkeh, 
  doom 4 , only if hd rumble lets you simulate violently dismembering and murdering your enemies though, 
  why bother when you could just download some instead ? 
  i 'd be a lot less willing to pirate if a suit wearing guy with a giant siren for a head accosted me every time i did, 
  at karen 's own funeral her ghost would be playing switch in the coffin, 
  * uses walk through walls to get on top of a ledge *, 
  it 's over anakin !, 
  i have the high ground !, 
  space, 
  well they live in a different galaxy , so maybe they measure months differently ? 
  they actually live in the andromeda galaxy ( sources [ here ] ( http://marvelcinematicuniverse.wikia.com/wiki/xandar ) and [ here ] ( https://www.inverse.com/article/24861-james-gunn-marvel-mcu-guardians-galaxy-andromeda-avengers ) ), 
  ( using civ 5 as a basis ), 
  * universal history section 6 : earth - chapter 7 : the beginning of the end *, 
  in earth year 1952 ad , the tenuous peace that had been so carefully wrought only 25 years prior finally fell apart . 
  under the leadership of chairman washington , america dropped all pretenses of diplomatic relations and declared war on its two primary neighbours , shoshone and brazil . 
  brazil fell fast , marking yet another country dead by the hands of the insatiable america , joining the ranks of france and egypt . 
  shoshone , on the other hand , used the scientific marvel of the ` terracotta army ' to genetically engineer a dramatic 100 % increase in soldiers , which they used to maintain a strong defense while president pocatello strove to send spies known as ` great musicians ' to infiltrate american soil . 
  the war between the two powers only grew greater and greater over time , until all but the capitals and a select few other cities were in ruin . 
  on the other main continent of earth , the democratic people 's republic of india maintained dominance with an aluminium fist , since documents suggest this resource was found after iron fists . 
  eternal dear leader gandhi , ruler of all the world and heir to godhood , brutally suppressed the native populations of both his subjugated powers and his own people , ever fueling his mad desire for ` the rains of nuclear fire ' . 
  with a fleet of carriers filled to the brim with the strongest weapons of the age ` nuclear bombs ' , he set sail for the shores of east continent , with both america and shoshone having no idea of the nuclear devastation that was to come . 
  time for my first hand australianism to come in handy :, 
  oh dear chum , fornicating drop bears , do n't walk in the shade near an australian river , they 'll cut you up . 
  fornicating drop from the sky and they go for your eyes compatriot . 
  when i saw queen gohma in ocarina of time i was like ` yes kent , this will be just like the spiders in the outdoor toilet on a day that is 34 degrees celsius , i 'm fornicating mad ', 
  approximately $ 360 usd,
