  referring to voldemort 's curse on the dada position , how did he do it ? 
  it 's unlikely that a curse called ` getridofthedadaprofessor-iosa ' exists , so what then would it be ? 
  in addition , would it be possible to defy the curse by , say , creating a totally unrelated self defence magic class that teaches identical stuff , or having a doctor teach dada instead of a professor , or would voldy have thought of something like that ? 
  [ removed ], 
  for season 1 i just used a vpn on crunchyroll to get us region , but for some reason i ca n't find it anywhere now , so is there anywhere else i could go ? 
  trying to find zurvan 's ( if it 's even out yet ) but dont have enough gil for more than 1, 
  as in , when he 's triple expelliarmus knocked out before peter pettigrew is revealed to be scabbers, 
  was thinking about preordering the latter as i already preordered the botw zelda one and wanted another , but i already have the ssb4 lin one and did n't want to buy another one if they all had the same effect . 
  `` now this is a story all about how, 
  the world got flipped-turned upside down, 
  and i 'd like to take a minute, 
  just sit right there, 
  i 'll tell you all about the dick with the ridiculous hair, 
  house of a billionaire , born and raised, 
  in the bankruptcy courts i spent most of my days, 
  chillin ' out maxin ' relaxin ' , a fool, 
  and all grabbing some pussy outside of the school, 
  with a couple of guys who were wearing the hood, 
  i started blaming latins in your neighborhood, 
  i dissed this disabled guy , but nobody cared, 
  they said , `` he 's movin on the white house , but we 're still not scared . '', 
  i whistled for a limo and when it came near, 
  the license plate said `` trump '' and it had gold in the mirror, 
  if anything i could say this ride was fine, 
  but i thought , `` nah forget it '', 
  -- `` i 'm rich , so it 's mine . '', 
  i pulled up to the white house at 7 or 8, 
  and i yelled at the driver , `` go home , migrant labor . '', 
  i looked at my kingdom, 
  with the world in despair, 
  to sit on my throne as the prick with bad hair, 
  he carries the immutable essence of the high ground within his very being ; this explains how he was able to win the fight with darth maul despite maul seeming to have the high ground , he had no chance against the high ground itself . 
  when he fought anakin on mustafar , the high ground within was strengthened by the physical high ground he stood on , forcing it to be made manifest with the line ` it 's over anakin !, 
  i have the high ground !, 
  ' , however anakin did not heed this warning . 
  so how was one so strong in the ways of the high ground killed by someone on equal footing ? 
  well by that point his high ground was eroded by sand , since it 's coarse , rough , irritating , and it gets everywhere , it eventually wore down the high ground . 
  could n't think of a better way to word it in the title , but basically no external devices are receiving a signal from my computer ( mouse , keyboard , both monitors , speakers ) , although the internal lights , hard drives and fans appear to be working . 
  it was working only about an hour prior to the problem , i shut it down , went out for a bit and came back to it not working . 
  each of the components * appears * to be working ( the gpu fans are working etc ) , but nothing appears to be outputting . 
  already tried the monitors ( one hdmi , one dvi ) on other desktop in house and they work fine . 
  tried various different combinations of plugged/unplugged cables to see if one would work , nothing did it . 
  tried unplugging and replugging various internal cables ( e.g. 
  ones on the psu ) to see if anything had come loose , but everything i could see ended up being in fine . 
  i had recently replaced the thermal paste , however i do n't think that 's the problem , as i have had thermal problems on my cpu before and they all caused the computer to shut down within a few seconds , and in this case it 's stayed ` on ' for up to 10 minutes ( i was trying to see if leaving it for a while would cause it to work ) . 
  hardware :, 
  cpu : amd fx-6300 oc to 3.8 ghz, 
  gpu : asus r9 290, 
  ram : 4 x 4 gb kingston hyperx fury, 
  psu : evga supernova, 
  clearly , his scarred , pale appearance is the result of years of death stick abuse , the symptoms of which waited years to show themselves . 
  as a death sticks addict , he wished to exact revenge upon obi wan for attempting to intervene in his addiction , but finding him dead from a lack of high ground , decided the next best thing would be to corrupt and destroy his order instead , while also making money to buy and sell death sticks as well . 
  groot gives off plant based pheromones as part of his language , that when combined with the tone of his ' i am groot ' , work together to convey language . 
  the reason the translators translate this as ' i am groot ' is because in groot 's language is more akin to a growl or roar , and so it has no set meaning on its own.the reason rocket can understand him while no one else can is because rocket is an enhanced raccoon , thus giving him vastly increased sense of smell , to the point where he is able to distinguish between groot 's pheromones and use this to understand him . 
  prince sidon mentions how vah ruta on its own is already capable of flooding zora 's domain and other parts of hyrule , so a boost from all three golden goddesses would likely be enough to flood the entirety of hyrule . 
  it 's possible , then , that breath of the wild is a split timeline alongside wind waker ( another one ) , where link was revived instead of the goddesses having to improvise a solution themselves . 
  for example , say ron 's ` wand that chooses the wizard ' ends up being in gregorovitch 's shop , or some american shop , instead of ollivander 's ? 
  is it the responsibility of ollivander to provide * everyone * with an acceptable wand , or does he go ` lol nope , you 're screwed ' ? 
  ( whether or not the expansion is required to get them ), 
  a few things i 'd like to see :, 
  permanent storage ( could be gated behind a minor rupee fee if nintendo does n't want it abused ), 
  some sort of display mannequin for armour , possibly allowing for poses with weapons too, 
  some sort of cosmetic system where you can have the appearance of one armour piece while getting the stats of another ( mostly so all the classic pieces from my amiibo do n't go to waste ), 
  naming your map pins ( e.g. 
  great fairy , lynel , heart/stamina statue ), 
  a system where you can transfer the extra ability ( e.g. 
  durability + ) from a near broken weapon to a fresh one for rupees/resources, 
  anything else you 'd like to see ? 
  the spectre of witcher 3 : wild hunt . 
  all the companies of old gaming have entered into a holy alliance to exorcise this spectre : miyamoto and trinen , manveer and howard , bethesda shills and bioware sjw 's . 
  where is the company in opposition that has not been decried as un-pc by its opponents in sales ? 
  where is the opposition that has not hurled back the branding reproach of a good game , but a poor witcher game , against the more better selling companies , as well as against its white genocidist adversaries ? 
  two things result from this fact :, 
  i. witcher 3 : wild hunt is already acknowledged by all non-shill gamers to be itself an objectively superior game . 
  it is high time that cd projekt red should openly , in the face of the whole world , publish their objectively superior game , their un-ugly female characters , their unbiased user reviews , and meet this pc censorship of the spectre of witcher 3 : wild hunt with a manifesto of the company itself . 
  to this end , communists of various nationalities have assembled in london and sketched the following manifesto , to be published in the english , french , german , italian , flemish and novigradian . 
  so i 've been trying to get the full twilight set from my ssb4 link amiibo all the way since starting botw . 
  i got the cap and legs fairly early on but the tunic eluded me . 
  finally , i got the tunic yesterday , enjoyed the set ... only to get the tunic * again * today . 
  could have used that luck somewhere else . 
  is the hateno lab the closest source of blue flame to akkala lab ? 
  was that zanza was attempting to prematurely take over him at that point . 
  right before that scene ( [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jo7bmhr2kzq ) ) , shulk is questioning whether it is right for him to use the monado to fight the mechon given that zanza ( who shulk still thinks is arglas the giant at this point ) used it to ravage the mechonis . 
  zanza concluded from this that there was a good chance shulk would plain give up at this point ( or at least fight without the monado ) , and decided to take him over and accelerate his plans to be reborn , however since the apocrypha generator was still suppressing monado 's power zanza did n't have the strength to fully manifest from shulk . 
  that 's why no one can see him in it, 
   i loved geraldo so much , i had all the games and expansion packs, 
   i pray to geraldo every night before bed , thanking him for the gaming experiences i 've been given, 
   `` geraldo is love '' i say ; `` geraldo is life '', 
   manveer heir hears me and calls me a white male, 
   i know he was just jealous of my devotion for geraldo, 
   i called him a beta cuck sjw, 
   he white genocide 's me and bans me from playing gwent, 
   i 'm crying now , and my facial animations hurts, 
   i lay in bed and it 's really cold, 
   suddenly , a warmth is moving towards me, 
   it 's geraldo, 
   i am so happy, 
   he whispers into my ear `` here 's some rp for your g '', 
   he grabs me with his powerful witcher hands and puts me onto my computer chair, 
   i 'm ready,
