  runner up goes to civilisation v. 
  well god did kill all the first born children of egypt ( exodus 12:29 ) , david and bathsheba 's boy ( 2 samuel 12:14 -18 ) . 
  it 's not like mewtwo is the be all end all character , just a good one . 
  not talking for the rest of your life . 
  biblical contradictions, 
  mostly a lurker on here , but i often post on / r/debateachristian , so not a lurker overall, 
  it 's a nice place to see different debate topics and answer them, 
  an apple, 
  because you 're basically going `` why do you ask for proof when we have no proof '' . 
  the music was remade for smash run , but there is n't a hyrule temple stage in the 3ds version . 
  not sure about wii u version though . 
  shoot lightning bolts at infidels for the glory of allah . 
  it 's possible to die from breathing in too much oxygen . 
  survival of the fittest at its finest . 
  you can see the great wall from space . 
  i think he means the religion itself is violent , not the people . 
  joseph mendel . 
  according to [ these ] ( http://www.timesofisrael.com/when-abraham-murdered-isaac/ ) [ sources ] ( http://www.patheos.com/blogs/faithpromotingrumor/2011/04/when-abraham-killed-isaac/ ) , in an earlier version of the bible , god did make abraham kill isaac . 
  and in these verses , `` now go , attack the amalekites and totally destroy all that belongs to them . 
  do not spare them ; put to death men and women , children and infants , cattle and sheep , camels and donkeys . '', 
  ( 1 samuel 15:3 ) , `` further , you will eat the flesh of your sons and the flesh of your daughters you will eat . '', 
  ( leviticus 26:30 ) and `` and he continued , `` you have a fine way of setting aside the commands of nicolas cage in order to observe [ a ] your own traditions !, 
  10 for moses said , ` honor your father and mother , ' and , ` anyone who curses their father or mother is to be put to death . ' '', 
  ( mark 7:9 -13 ) , god/jesus seems to order the killing of children by their parents/by others . 
  1 timothy 1:4 : `` neither give heed to fables and endless genealogies '' , titus 3:9 : `` but avoid foolish questions , and genealogies , '', 
  nothing is true , everything is permitted . 
  so you did n't really learn anything new from god , since you already had a list of acceptable revelations . 
  most non christians agree that he did exist , but did n't have any magic . 
  even if he did come back to life , and it was recorded in a way that could be proven , that still does n't make him the son of god . 
  even if you presume the supernatural exists , it could be a situation like in the mythos of assassin 's creed , where jesus ' followers used the shroud of eden to bring him back , but it was n't forever . 
  there are a multitude of other ways he could have come back rather than being brought back by god . 
  only with the case of a deistic god , in my opinion . 
  believing in a theistic god requires you believe the holy book that came with it , that has it 's own laws that you have to follow . 
  long ago there existed a civilisation known as babylon . 
  while all the other nations exhausted their resources fighting a never ending war , the babylonians refused all offers of war , and focused on science . 
  in fact , they almost built a ship to alpha centauri . 
  until they got rushed by china and mongolia and were #rekt . 
  kefka 's tower , northern crater , tower of babil , chaos temple . 
  new title : common sense says ray comfort is a ` fool ' for being a creationist , claims atheist . 
  there is no why . 
  we just exists because we do . 
  but , earth did n't exist yet . 
  so he was basically in heaven 24/7 , since hell seemed to have been created specifically for satan and the angels who rebelled with him , he could n't have gone there . 
  and a higher being would have witnessed god 's power for himself , and known `` maybe it 's not a good idea to fight the omnipotent omniscient guy '' . 
  kid icarus on nes . 
  thanks obama !, 
  religious extremists fly planes into buildings . 
  atheist extremists write books . 
  if jesus ' miracles were n't supposed to be told to anyone , then why are they in the bible ? 
  meditation can be secular , bible study can be replaced with study of another book like lord of the rings , you could proselytise atheism , choir practice can be for non hymn songs . 
  teleportation . 
  you 'd probably end up in a wall or in space or whatever . 
  we are all free !, 
  unless you work on the sabbath in which case ; eternal torture for you !, 
  does god ded ? 
  i see . 
  thank you fellow fedora tipper . 
  harry potter and the deathly ebola, 
  a little boy told his mother `` i want to be a fireman when i grow up '' . 
  his mother replied `` no you are n't . 
  you have cancer '' . 
  and school shootings are griefers . 
  and christians dare to claim that they are the persecuted ones . 
  also , god invented sin . 
  if he had never decided which acts were sinful , and just let anyone into heaven anyway , there would be no sin . 
  so god invented sin . 
  computer screens with god 's not dead running . 
  you 're basically saying `` god is good , because that 's what being god is '' . 
  however , i could easily say `` satan is good , because that 's what being satan implies '' . 
  when you say `` but that 's not what satan implies '' i could easily say `` you 're wrong '' . 
  there are many different meanings to the word god , but it does n't inherently mean `` good '' . 
  while that is true , a better way of my point would have been `` so the glorious chairman is moral because that 's what being the glorious chairman implies '' . 
  obviously , if you go in with a neutral perspective , you 'll find that mao 's acts and policies make him a bad person . 
  however , if you go in already with the premise ` mao is good ' , you can find any number of ways to justify his acts , however flimsy they are . 
  the same goes for god . 
  going in neutrally , acts like the murder of 42 boys by bears sent by god ( 2 kings 2:23 -25 ) would be abhorrent , and acts like this and others could help you see that god is not moral . 
  however , if you go in with a conclusion about his morality already certain , you will always be able to justify it in some way , no matter how long it takes or how shoddy it is . 
  and intent . 
  grave robbers do it to make a profit , archaeologists ( usually ) do it to learn about the past civilisations and to display the artefacts in areas so others can as well . 
  a time machine . 
  because scientists can answer them , like in bill nye vs ken ham . 
  more like : you are on a cliff , and you want to reach the bottom . 
  if you have faith , you jump off hoping you reach the bottom perfectly unharmed . 
  if you have reason , you go take parachute lessons and parachute down . 
  poor amsterdam . 
  exactly . 
  filthy aids peasants . 
  more cinematic that way . 
  an epic pokemon battle . 
  and to make it even better , i 'll appear to that dude mohammed , and have him start up a whole new faith , with a few whackjobs who kill those who do n't believe in this new faith . 
  but remember , even though we 're the same guy , the first one is the only one that 's real !, 
  except for the first first one , since they do n't think that my son , who is also me , is my son . 
  i am personally a sithist . 
  we worship our great lord palpatine , who fought bravely to end the corruption of the jedi council , and who formed the great imperial army to ensure it would never happen again . 
  he may be dead , but his tale lives on . 
  but the smart ones will take precautions to avoid the plague , while the stupid ones will pray to be spared . 
  because if god knows what you 're doing before you do it , are you really choosing to do it , since god knew you would do it ? 
  you do n't know for certain that he 'd do that , it 's just extremely likely . 
  for all you know , he could have been killed by a freakishly quiet animal hater . 
  but , the movie was already made prior to your watching .
