   you bombads look pathetic !, 
   the crowbar of enlightenment has already made a couple of hundred of predictions, 
   but i wo n't let what the crowbar of enlightenment snapped take place, 
   you sailors will be beaten by jon . 
  jon will be swooder , a more echsellent entity than any other, 
   why ? 
  cause of me . 
  i collaborated with jon , and now i 'm here . 
   the crowbar of enlightenment could n't snap this . 
   not so grump jon ... no , jon is no longer the wielder of swood . 
   he has become the embodiment of swood itself , which he can not control on his own . 
  he is the swood power . 
  * one ham slice later *, 
   i understand you grommets are already claiming to be brave boys, 
   well , it is one million year too early for you to oppose jon, 
   you must feel pretty byotiful to keep fighting without even knowing what jon looks like !, 
   if you were ever to see jon , you 'd be so scared , you 'd never be able to run away !, 
   that 's how scary 1910 times were !, 
   so , do you want me to turn off the `` grommet 's machine ? '', 
   well , four kids gon ' die tonight !, 
  i came imagining that, 
  should be :, 
   without a dick : 5/10, 
   with a masculine dick : 0/10, 
   with a feminine dick : 10/10, 
  * ftfy *, 
  why is princess diana like pink floyd ? 
  their last big hit was the wall, 
  thor and cap weaponise it against the ultron drones in sokovia iirc, 
  i probably just misremembered it, 
  rebonak in zelda 2, 
   `` it is better to live one day as a lion than 100 years as a sheep . '' - benito mussollini, 
   `` it is better to live one day as a lion than 100 years as a sheep . '' - donald trump, 
  hopefully the muslim plague, 
  it 's not that it could n't be emulated on an old 3ds , but that it could n't run with vc features like restore points or suspended play , which nintendo does n't consider acceptable . 
  it 's just that snes games in general require more processing power to emulate compared to a game boy or nes, 
  well , the ussr never used an atomic bomb against another country , so score 1 for them in the field of nuclear weaponry, 
  bill clinton was the one who vomited 20 years ago and hillary laughed at the cleaner who cleaned it up, 
  edit : / s, 
  guess i should have put an / s in, 
  i would probably have an orgasm of final fantasy 4-6 make it to vc, 
  my bad , i should have learnt by now that nothing is too stupid for r/the _ douchebag, 
  the snes version of doom used it too, 
  now we just need him to turn bread into doritos and jesus can get right to smiting heathens in call of duty . 
  r/the _ douche acts as its own forwardsfrom subreddit, 
  nobody expects the fabled misandric misogynist, 
  freedom from things they do n't like, 
  add an ' - adolf hitler the 2nd ' after the quote and you have a solid pro choice ad, 
  i think he meant was the redditor sarcastic or not , but idk, 
  that 's how mad this lad is , he just does n't care, 
  technically all woman leaders are exceptions to the rule if you count all of human history, 
  0/10 not enough pavement, 
  bonecoming, 
  the big , brown meteor is really just a metaphor for the big , black dildo of sodomy, 
  it 's funny how these people think the idea of obama as a court justice is such a horrible idea democrats will vote trump to stop it, 
  you 'd have thought the roving isis death squads would have burnt all the american flags by then, 
  he 's officially that guy, 
  it 's swoodical , swoodical !, 
  its - the - grommetshack, 
  a lightning farting god is one i could get behind, 
  i got an ad for a gay australian hookup site . 
  and not the cute trap feminine dick kind of gay , the loud sweaty masculine dick kind . 
  do n't worry , the government will get to it soon, 
  if he becomes tsar , i can guarantee more than one person will have an october revolution to answer with, 
  it 's likely fake , based on a few things, 
  peter 's spidey sense does n't activate , so he likely was n't in any real danger, 
  he is n't disqualified immediately for climbing to the top of the cage/using webs, 
  he is n't kept out of the fight for being in a different weight division ( just mocked for it , but that 's part of the show ), 
  he did n't get all the money because he was likely supposed to drag the fight out to put on a better show , and he may have long term injured bonesaw, 
  i can tell she steals organs , because she 's already stolen my heart, 
  you shut your goddamn mouth , darryl is a saint, 
  with your point about the suits , the im1 suit was more durable than many of the later ones , since stark was sacrificing durability for portability ( since a suit you need multiple machines to screw into is less convenient than one you can fold into from a plane in seconds e.g ), 
  / unjerk this was still my first turn after applying communism so i was still deciding what policies worked best, 
  / jerk our society only recently entered the revolution , so we still had some of the trappings of capitalism to remove . 
  as you can see , i took the diplomatic policy ` charismatic leader ' representing papa joseph, 
  like , it 's the start of both contradict and contrary, 
  aight just fuck my shit up fam, 
  i think that 's p\u00e8le , unless there 's another soccer player idk about, 
  wait a second , you 're telling me that people of all races and religions can be shitty ? 
  sounds like some liberal commis bullshit, 
  you may need to also exclude the files in my documents on the c drive as well as the files in steam common, 
  i kinda understand why the holocaust happened now if adam sandler is jewish, 
  wait why are gay people getting abortions, 
  not enough personnel, 
  i wish i could use magic to make people buy me things, 
  you 'd think by now people would have figured out a code to refer to this sort of thing, 
  plus his actor is gay, 
  yes , because donald ` why ca n't we use nukes , global warming was fabricated by china ' trump is the one to turn to if you do n't like war or destructive environmental practices, 
  to find the cure for depression ? 
  that 's what the catapults want you to think, 
  not since bernie did n't win the primary . 
  now communism can never win !, 
  * hopefully obvious / s *, 
  i work here with my old lady and my daughter , big mal, 
  it 's actually clintons plan to defy term limits and rule over america as supreme overlord forever by becoming a cyborg, 
  v stands for ( grab them by the ) vagina , obviously, 
  it 's count orlok you uncultured swine, 
  it 's jason bourne, 
  * cough basically anything involving native americans cough *, 
  ' i chose to suffer because of my pride , now everyone else has to too ',
