  also , on an unrelated note , i 'm still upset that there has n't been a final fantasy humble bundle . 
  i know they would n't put xi and xiv : arr in there , but i still need xiii-2 and iv to have all the ones on steam , and to have those would be great . 
  amd ( with sonic ) to nvidia : `` you 're too slow ! '', 
   this was , pretty much , the only reason we kept you around, 
  wait ... this person thinks women have the authority to exterminate all men if they wanted to ? 
  oy vey , the goyim sure are butthurt about our shekels !, 
   coloured people, 
  basically slavery, 
   people of colour, 
  more progressive than free abortion !, 
  theatrhythm , dissidia and bravely default . 
  breaking news, 
  let 's talk about meninism . 
  let 's really break it down . 
  like , etymologically :, 
  men - : the english word for two or more males of age 18 +, 
  have fun worshiping some males boys, 
  generally i stop with academies during/after the renaissance . 
  mega man x ( 1-3 ) , final fantasy iv and vi ( plus gba v or a translation of snes ) , super castlevania iv , castlevania : dracula x , pokemon rse and frlg , super mario kart , super mario rpg , super metroid and pilotwings . 
  majora 's mask 3d, 
  bravely default, 
  theatrhythm final fantasy : curtain call, 
  adventure time : secret of the nameless kingdom, 
  super smash bros for 3ds, 
  people with no mental health issues . 
  because tumblr is triggered by the word normal unless it 's referring to homosexual relationships . 
  demisexual relationships then . 
  red mage and mime ( instead of getting their own abilities , they unlock the ability to cross class a large amount of skills ) as a dps , mystic knight and berserker as tanks , time mage and chemist as a healer . 
  it says no scrubs so it 's ok 420 blaze it 360 hardscope, 
  i can fap to this . 
   i just had a pleasant chat with sephiroth, 
  if sephiroth is now gg for killing one person , then they 'd probably be fine with the ` anti gg ' avalanche blowing up the sector 1 reactor and killing hundreds in the name of the planet/feminism . 
  deity-kins are my trigger . 
  uh , no , shitlord , because when a black person says cracker they are speaking out against the oppressive white cis heteronormative patriarchy , but when a white person says nigger they are literally hitler , the kkk and darren wilson all at once . 
  a shitlord 's work is never done . 
  seven years in the place with slower time should be just enough for hl3 . 
  i think that 's meant to be hephaestus and applebees , but whatever . 
  by ` it 's rational to avoid sharks ' , people mean if you are swimming and see a shark , do n't go `` hi mr sharky ! '', 
  and swim right up close to that shark , not avoiding the water overall . 
  here 's the difference : whether a rape accusation is true or false , you can not tell that from the accusation alone . 
  even if the entire world literally comes together against a single person claiming that that person raped all of them , that does n't make it true . 
  a true or false rape accusation will have the same effect until it is proven or disproven , when you can see the true rapist go to jail and the false one stay free but harassed . 
  they 're called superheroes , not averageheroes . 
  someone said amerikkkan who was n't on 4chan or / r/magicskyfairy, 
  to complete the process , you must lynch 5 black people and absorb their souls to catalyse your oppression . 
  you have been made moderator of / r/pyongyang, 
   triggering three bird-kin with one stone-kin, 
  you were drinking m'ountain dew , and everyone knows that everything said while drinking m'ountain dew ( except that a phony god does real ) is automatically true m ` gentlesir ,, 
  my son has over 300 confirmed kills and is a member of the navy seals . 
  in terms of classic dungeons , interdimensional rift from ffv would be good as a 3 part raid like ct , maybe with the clockwork area like ronka ruins as the first part , the castle with ffv-era twintania as the second part , and the crystal area with exdeath as the final part . 
  for hm versions of previous dungeons , dzemael darkhold , aurum vale , praetorium or lost city of amdapor hm would be good , possibly even ex versions of these dungeons . 
  for completely new ideas , a garlean airship that 's currently flying , you could use the enterprise to sneak aboard , clear off sections of the ship and then fight a legatus at the control room or whatever , but after keeper of the lake another airship might be too soon . 
  a dungeon to retake ala mhigo would be good as well if there was a plot reason for it . 
  i spent 6 hours camping for the fate schism for my yoshimitsu animus . 
  when the fate spawned , me and another nin went in , and when the fight was about halfway done i realised that i had my vajras equipped . 
  since the other nin was tanking i ran out to change to yoshimitsu atma , and when i lost aggro , changed weapons and came back , the fight was over . 
  lesson here : check what you have equipped for animus fate . 
  i listen to faithsmashrude - sandstem . 
  because gaben offers glorious pc games to all and santa gives console games to only good people . 
  everyone deserves pc games . 
   if you sinned and were in front of a judge do you think he 'd let you go if you said you were a a good person ? 
  yes because judges ( at least the sane ones ) do n't care * how * many mixed fabrics you wore . 
   no defensible reason, 
  how about ` they felt like it ' ? 
   exodus : gods and kings, 
  so ... a movie set before islam , or even christianity existed is somehow islamaphobic ? 
  makes sense . 
  how are you supposed to appropriate the t ( i 'm assuming it 's tranny ) slur ? 
  were trans people going ` yo what up my tranny ' centuries before cishets began using it to offend ? 
  bartz from ffv . 
  if i ever see a sjw with ` astral limbs ' , i 'm going to use an astral knife to cut off those astral limbs , and then they 'll be like ` omg he cut off my limbs ' and then the normal people will be like ` what ? 
  you have all your limbs ' and then zie 'll be like ` omg stop oppressing me ' . 
   as i sit here tipping my fedora and eating dewritos , a thought strikes me : god do n't real , and fundies are stupid and are in optic gaming . 
  an inspiring quote from yours truly . 
  a game that is as hard as zelda 1 or 2 ( in 2d or 3d ) . 
  once the encrypted tomestone drops in 2.55 , an i130 augmented ironworks weapon is the highest non coil/relic weapon available . 
  it costs 1300 poetics and 1 encrypted tomestone ( for i120 regular weapon ) and then a carbontwine for drake in hyrstmill ( same place as gerolt for relics ) for upgrade to i130 . 
  first off , in terms of gear progression , grind soldiery tomestones . 
  once you clear the praetorium you can get 100 sol a day from main scenario roulette , and as you go through the patch content you will unlock high level and trial roulette , which can both give lots of tomes . 
  once you have enough , buy i100 gear from the stand in mor dhona . 
  belt and all accessories are 375 , paladin shield is 395 , hands/feet/helmet is 495 and shirt/pants are 825 . 
  you can run syrcus tower ( unlocked by beating labyrinth of the ancients ) or second coil of bahamut ( unlocked by beating binding coil turn 5 ) for sands of time ( upgrade left side to i110 ) , and oils of time ( same but with right side ) . 
  once you unlock your expert roulette ( all 2.5 dungeons ) , you should begin farming poetics tomes . 
  one expert roulette a day will cap your poetics tomestones every week ( you can only get 450 a week ) . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.xenoveritas.org/static/ffxiv/timer.html ) is a site that tells you when the weekly cap resets . 
  gear costs the same as soldiery gear but with poetics . 
  you can run world of darkness ( unlocked after syrcus tower ) , syrcus tower and labyrinth of the ancients once a week for a free carbontwine ( upgrades i120 poetics left side gear to i130 ) or ( not and ) a carboncoat ( upgrades right side poetics gear ) . 
  if you 're raiding inclined , binding coil drops i90 gear , second coil drops i110 gear , and final coil drops i130 gear . 
  many of these pieces are the best piece for their ilvl , but require lots of skill ( except i90 gear if you do turns 1-4 ) . 
  there is also crafted gear , which as far as i know , is several tiers at i70 , i90 and i110 . 
  the advantage of this gear is that it can have materia melded to it , which can enable it to stand up to gear of higher ilvls . 
  this gear is * very * expensive ( either through crafting it yourself or buying it ) , and so is the materia required for melding it , which can possibly fail after two melds . 
  you 'll also want to complete your relic quest to get an i80 weapon . 
  to do that , speak to nedrick ironheart in vesper bay for the quest `` the weaponsmith of legend '' which will unlock relic quests for all jobs once they 're level 50 . 
  once you get that , use 450 soldiery to buy 3 thanvarian mists to get a relic weapon zenith ( i90 ) , and from then on there are 5 main ways to progress in weapons . 
  first off is continuing your relic quest . 
  after zenith , there is atma ( i100 , but with no stat change from zenith ) , animus ( i100 with stat change ) , novus ( i110 with the ability to customise secondary stats ) , nexus ( i115 ) , zodiac ( i125 ) and zodiac zeta ( i135 ) . 
  this chain is extremely grindy and expensive , and the atma and zodiac are both reliant on rng , however with the right customisation in the novus stage you can get the ( currently ) strongest weapon in the game . 
  second is raid weapons . 
  from turn 5 you can get allagan weapons ( i95 ) , from second coil turn 4 ( aka turn 9 ) , you can get high allagan weapons ( i115 ) and from final coil turn 4 ( aka turn 13 ) you can get dreadwyrm weapons ( i135 ) .
