  how are they pussies if they 're out killing cops ? 
  seems like going up against an entire police force would be brave , whether or not you think it 's justified . 
  the month after : obama 's mooslim government will arrest good innocent christians and free all the thugs and moooooslims to bring shariah law to america, 
  sign me up, 
   crying over a picture of * tsar nicholas ii *, 
  nicholas did nothing wrong , proletariats deserved it . 
  it 's just a prank bro, 
  is that harry potter ? 
  of course trump likes jews , who else would he get to wear yarmulkes and count his money ? 
  is 8 teledji and 10 honoroit ( do n't think i spelt that right ), 
  i feel like guessing 4 different people should n't count, 
  is 4 that pirate who 's really mistbeard ( einsrys or something ), 
  on the nepal map , zenyatta mentions his brothers and sisters , so it 's likely female omnics exist , although they could just be female human monks, 
  i think it was mentioned that james potter was an only child , and it was likely that his grandparents just died of natural causes . 
  it does n't matter , because as weak minded as they are , they would be instantly enthralled by his mind control without any crown stones . 
  i think we 're going to need to see your tax returns on those ctr cheques, 
  for a second i thought you said why do we have genitals when we have a president, 
  i 'd say they 'd consider him on at least the level of marcus from the arceus movie ( he tried to kill arceus and use his plates to rule the world ) . 
  it 's white for the cops committing police brutality, 
  too bad he did n't spend 44 seconds passing out play-do like the god emperor !, 
  is that adam driver tho ? 
  he can ice pick me anyday, 
  due to humans having a relatively large head compared to overall size ( to accommodate our powerful brains ) , they have to be born earlier in their development cycle to avoid injuring the mother , thus requiring more care at birth and for the years after . 
  it 's probably very unsafe to hold irradiated clothing like that, 
  because the loch ness monster is an agent of the oppressive bourgeoisie , and the only way to properly establish a communist state is to refuse to play by the capitalists rules . 
  do n't remind me . 
  i legitimately can not remember where i got this from , so do n't believe if you do n't want to . 
  i already replied to someone asking, 
  by going to their rooms, 
  you know , you could have just made up a name and told the boss later on that you just forgot it, 
  one 9/11 later, 
   i 'm not a religious person , but i 'll cite a bible story even the majority of christians do n't believe in as if it were true, 
   look , wow had pauldrons to signify strength , we have hats . 
  the whitest thing i 've ever seen, 
  note that you have to be at least level 17 and have progressed that far in the main story , although you can then do it with only a level 1 . 
  reminds me of [ this ] ( http://67.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_ljgthars6h1qhb0tbo1_1280.jpg ) kid from final fantasy x. 
  probably muslim, 
  the real question here is how a few kids got ahold of $ 59 million . 
  anything for nero tol scaeva or ser charibert ? 
  something in cartenau related to omega, 
  nobody ever mentioned anything bad about 7, 
  marx did n't write for this, 
  ron 's birthday was mentioned in hbp , as its stated he 's upset that hogsmeade was cancelled due to the whole voldemort thing, 
  no , but someone struggling to survive is easier to bribe than someone living comfortably, 
  in all games but 1 ( you had to visit a church ) , 3 ( visit a sacred well ) and maybe 2 ( idk for that one ) , but it could just be some kind of magic keeping them unresponsive instead of dead . 
  if you have to add the disclaimer ` sounds nazi ' you should just stop right there, 
  that 's just kim trash talking american bronzes . 
   only country that fought a war to free slaves, 
  yeah , because they were the only country with enough support for slavery that a war was necessary, 
  still succeeded , / r/absolutelynotmeirl, 
  well there have been people saying that liberals are obligated to take in syrian refugees, 
  but if the military is in on it citizens with guns wo n't really matter , since they can just nuke the pentagon or whatever, 
  i would n't blame harambe if he hated humans after what we did to him . 
  remember back when the blacks knew their place ? 
  why ca n't we have morals like that again ? 
  even if every black person today was a multi millionaire because of slavery , that does n't mean their ancestors should have been denied the choice of whether or not to go to america . 
  you know , the only problem with stalin was that he did n't kill enough kulaks . 
  yeah , because israel is a poor country, 
  she could go into a career as a hit woman if it were n't for the whole politics thing, 
  it ca n't be a coincidence that both trump and hitler were person of the year in the same year . 
  probably from donating it all to nambla , which is on his tax returns, 
  if god ( emperor trump ) wanted us to fly it would be by our bootstraps, 
  yeah , like the time lincoln 's good guys with guns stopped the bad confederates with guns . 
  where was black lives matter when cain killed abel ? 
  i 'm actually fairly sure slave owners taught their slaves what the owners wanted them to know , not what the slaves wanted to know, 
  jesus is getting nailed in two ways tonight, 
  no , they 're pretty shady, 
  unfortunately the jedi have a very strict language code in public places , but if you were to walk past windu 's private abode you 'd certainly hear a it of swearing, 
  i 've never done whole seasons rewatches . 
  some individual episodes i 've probably watched over 50 times ( the miracle of netflix ) , while some i 've never paid a second mind to after the first . 
  it 's likely that a monster ( s ) * did * absorb human souls and cause chaos , so the humans started the war to ensure it would never happen again . 
  muh war of northern agression, 
  i 'm going to need a few sources on this, 
  i think they were always capped , but since you start with 99 and get 3 every 10 hours you likely just never noticed the cap due to the sheer number . 
  yeah , because a month in jail is n't going to cost more than $ 35, 
  thanks fam, 
  a dungeon set in the ruins of doma somehow, 
  secret society of domans trying to rebuild , getting harassed by garleans ? 
   still takes more effort than ancap philosophy, 
   it 's not mixing just like how you should n't mix the coloreds with the whites in your drinking fountains - grandma, 
  obama the kenyan mooslim !!!!, 
  i believe calamity salvager only sells the i80 base relic from 2 . x , and he does n't sell any stage of the anima, 
  is that the face of a killer ? 
  i do n't think so #grommetsoutforharambe, 
  proof that the imposter is chin-chin : the imposter wears sunglasses 24/7 , in order to hide his sewn eyes from view . 
  the real frank has more chromosomes , as in the adam sandler conspiracy he mentions that he has a couple extra chromosomes , and can travel worlds . 
  imposter has never commented on his chromosomal count , and has never travelled worlds , there is no reason to believe his chromosomal count is greater . 
  in an attempt to get close enough to pink guy and the others so he can kill them, 
  it 's possible that the imposter is a corrupted dade , who on reincarnation had his desire to befriend franku corrupted into a desire to * become * franku , by killing and replacing him . 
  yeah , like the time the democrats called on russia to hack american computers ? 
  like when reagan had no idea his government was selling weapons to iran ? 
  his supporters probably think he 's playing 1488th dimensional monopoly by refusing to talk about it, 
  it 's possible to cast a spell without knowing the words , as harry , voldemort and other demonstrated ( voldemort was even able to make specific functions happen wordless ) . 
  the words , in the same way as a wand , allow for the user to focus their magic , making it easier to perform a specific function without powerful magic . 
  if you stack the duck sized lukes on top of each other , they would exceed the height of a horse sized luke , therefore they have the high ground , therefore it is over . 
  trump said he 'd only use helicarriers on other countries sarcastically . 
  human rights acts on queens is my fetish, 
  you mean it is n't already ? 
  the statue of liberty has a really weird face, 
  doom 4 had good single player .
