  q10 : do you treat female players different from male players ? 
  q11 : when it comes to the `` etiquette of chatting '' , is it the same with everyone you meet ? 
  : i do n't really talk differently to anyone . 
  q12 : what is it for you to be a gamer ? 
  : someone who enjoys/plays games a lot . 
  real patriarchs do n't grammar . 
  michael 27:50 - 54, 
  50 and when jesus had cried out again in a loud voice , he gave up his nuclear missile . 
  51 at that moment the curtain of the temple exploded in two from top to bottom . 
  the earth exploded , the rocks exploded and the tombs exploded open . 
  the bodies of many holy people who had exploded in michael bay movies were raised to life . 
  they came out of the tombs after jesus ' explosion and went into the holy city and exploded to many people . 
  54 when the centurion and those with him who were guarding jesus saw the explosion and all that had exploded , they were terrified , and exclaimed , `` surely he was the son of michael bay ! '', 
  lieble 420 : god smokes weed and makes dank maymays with black science man , but then vanishes because he never did real . 
  she used ` women ' when she should have used ` woman ' so lol . 
  these acts have promoted you to 66.66 % ( 50 % if you are non white ) shitlord , however to gain full shitlord status , with the exclusive club membership , sponsorship deal and extra 25c per dollar , you must become a cishet male ( and possibly white as well ) . 
  feminists : let 's alienate all male supporters so that they stop supporting us !, 
  * alienating intensifies *, 
  men : wow they mus n't want our help . 
  * leaving intensifies *, 
  feminists : omg why are no men supporting us ? 
  * tips fedora *, 
  yep , who needs how to get a job , the theory of relativity , how to do algebra and the fall of rome when you could learn what pronouns a demigirl uses . 
  if god smoked some pot once in a while maybe he would n't send as many people to hell . 
  apparently this tumblrina thinks a ` movement ' set up to fight gender inequality should also deal with gay , racial , religious , classist , ageist , house-ist and transgender rights . 
  yes , because, 
   but den draco looked at me sadly with his evil goffik red eyes dat looked so depressant and sexy . 
  he lookd exactly like a pentragram ( lol geddit koz im a satanist ) between kurt cobain and gerard . 
  but then i looked at vampire and he looked so smexy too wif his goffik black hair . 
  i thought of da time when we screwed and the time i did it with draco and dumblydore came and the tame where draco almost commited suicide and vampire wuz so sportive . 
  was made specifically to fight the patriarchy \u2122 . 
  i wonder how all these people will react when obama quietly steps down in 2016 with no fuss at all . 
  i 'd say that the new relic will be i135 , to put it on par with the dreadwyrm weapons , like the nexus was made i115 to be on par with high allagan weapons ( i do n't actually know , this is just speculation ) . 
  did n't you get the memo ? 
  everyone is queer/trans by default shitlord . 
  then they should check their death privilege . 
   adipose cells protect your internal organs, 
  fun fact : 70 cm ( idk what that is in ` murican ) of fat is able to stop a bullet from harming your internal organs , but anyone that fat would probably be dead already . 
  i 'm up to great bay now , but i 'm not going for 100 % . 
  damn , poc 's must really be weak if a bunch of toddlers were able to enslave basically all of them . 
  and you ca n't be triggered when you 're dead . 
  finn mertens can see the astral plane too . 
  saudi arabia is worse because they specifically cut off the right hand , whereas isis leaves room to cut off the filthy left hands . 
  \\ #righthandmasterrace, 
  i bet he used a well balanced , iv bred team to eliminate a filthy scrub who used 6 mewtwos , and then the entire class applauded and traded him their event arceus 's , and then satoshi tajiri personally shook his hand and gave him a job on the generation 7 games . 
   there is neither slave nor free, 
  i guess african slavery was justified since the bible says that there is no slaves !, 
  buy comcast wi-fi . 
  sorry gay people , we 're going to have to let you go now . 
  you were perhaps the most misogynistic of us all , but we ca n't let those feminists get on to us . 
  take your 6 months redundancy privilege and have fun being oppressed after that . 
  you know too much son . 
  * cue x-files theme *, 
  da , my goal in life is to destroy dream and hope of filthy capitalist and then i drink vodka, 
  well if xhe complains in front of a tumblr fat person , the tumblr fat person would congratulate xhie for trying to dismantle the patriarchy . 
  god is obviously horny for lesbians , which is why aids is only a punishment for male gays . 
  tumblrina : labels are silly . 
  normal : what 's up bro ? 
  i identify as a demigirl you white cis shitlord !, 
  mlk died for this shit !, 
  currently , the level cap is as you said , 122 , although modders are trying to mod the game into accepting higher level caps , up to potentially incredible new caps . 
  disco . 
  make sure to use the exp potion to get double exp in darkened areas !, 
  why would you need ` much prayer ' ? 
  if a god was really listening , could n't it just be like `` hey god , should i treat this baby ? '', 
  and then god could be like `` sure thing '' or `` no we must keep the gays out praise jeebus '' . 
  my ipad * is * a calculator !, 
  checkmate theists !, 
  if it was rendered for the advanced hardware of the ps4 it would be at 720k . 
  the ps4 can get up to 1080k but developers are lazy . 
  worst : accidentally rolling greed on nin chest piece instead of need only to lose it to a mnk, 
  best : getting it next run as a pld, 
  i think mine was the one you get with the roc 's feather next to the mysterious woods in link 's awakening . 
  the first thing i thought of when reading this was mountain dew . 
  redeads , leevers , and patra ( the boss , or something similar ) . 
  2.1 : pharos sirius best , copperbell mines hm worst, 
  2.2 : lost city of amdapor best , halatali hm worst, 
  2.4 : sastasha hm best , snowcloak worst, 
  2.5 : keeper of the lake best , amdapor keep hm worst, 
  the germans would have won the war if turing tried to crack enigma on a console . 
   comment, 
  no private property has ever been criticised ever !, 
   judgement, 
  no one has ever judged a piece of private property that they feel is too extravagent , wasteful etc !, 
   regulation, 
  yep , because building a nuke with privately owned materials is definitely unregulated !, 
  well shit , it would have been awful if they charged full price , but giving a discount makes it all ok !, 
  i always thought slavery and lynching were the worst kind of racism , but nope , calling ` race rights activista ' sjw 's is * far * worse !, 
  how can you make the * exact * same typo twice in the same sentence ? 
  it 's an aoe spread attack that deals approximately 500 damage per target , but infinite on oppressed peoples . 
  it was made by southern conservatives to disperse noble poc crowds during mlk times , but then it was appropriated by heteronormatives , menz and truscum . 
  make sure to equip your appropriated sombrero to cause 75 % more oppression , manspread jeans ( guaranteed to give you 5cm extra manspread every time !, 
  ) , lumberjack beard to glorify beard culture , comb to get more credit for doing your proud wxmxn ( that hurt to type ) daughter 's hair , and your featureless white robe to do some lynching that white people definitely do regularly in 2015 !, 
  go forth , noble oppressor !, 
  * tips apprpriated sombrero *, 
  proud wxmxn were being oppressed by menz spreading their legs really wide on train seats . 
  fedora tip : press b to tip your fedora , killing all fundies in the vicinity and getting some m ` ladys to drink mountain dew and dorito 's with you for being such a nice guy . 
  looney tunes racing for ps1 . 
  a bunch of new games out this year . 
  the only one of those i do n't have is sleeping dogs ( out of the squeenix ones ) so getting that would be nice .
