  i sure am glad nothing that cruel ever happened in nuremberg again, 
  there 's a point where ` uncle sam 's misguided children ' needs to be replaced with ` uncle sam 's sociopathic children ', 
  superbosses are always my favourite part of rpg 's , though i wonder if nintendo would opt for brutal combat mechanics or overwhelmingly large hp bars/damage for their own ones in zelda, 
  i got mine shortly after the jan 13 presentation no problems , though i hope it all turns out ok with possible stock issues, 
  selling off a ton of wii u/3ds games i 've 100 % completed and do n't intend to replay , plus it 's my birthday in 6 days so i 'll be getting cash off that, 
  does n't need electoral votes to overthrow capitalism !, 
   i do n't need you, 
   you 're paying for the wall, 
  sounds like those two statements contradict each other , but what would trump know of contradictions ? 
  most of the rioters were communists/anarchists , so that does n't really hold up, 
  right now it 's ~ $ 485 usd ( switch , botw , case + screen protector bundle , two botw amiibo ) , but i 'm thinking about getting super bomberman r which would be another $ 50, 
  oh damn , i feel so bad for those poor white supremacists who ca n't get away from being called nazis . 
  archer link and zelda , and possibly horse link, 
  so get angry at your government for placing those restrictions on flying , not the foreigners who had nothing to do with it, 
  there 's really nothing you * do n't * get hard labour for in north korea, 
  will nobody think of the property ? 
  because what he really means is ( ( ( gobalist ) ) ), 
  i think the worst way to re-enter the us is being barred from entering in the first place because the president is scared of muslims, 
  he was in the beta test, 
  the pilot episode is always rough , give it time, 
  finally something i can agree with the media on, 
   german troops are left, 
   the ( german ) medic is right, 
  technically ant-man was the last phase 2 movie , although it did n't have any major links to the greater continuity at the time, 
  well , except for general secretary pingu , that is, 
  anarcho-communists are a thing, 
  yeah , like that time a violent black supremacist shot up a majority white church and killed nine ? 
   look at me, 
   i 'm the diver now, 
   you were my younger self , link . 
  i was you . 
  well they did just elect a disaster for president, 
  it 's possible that he observed the other toys doing so and decided to copy , since the natives would naturally know more than him on how to avoid dangerous animals, 
  you also need friends , which might be hard, 
  in many socialist theories currency itself is phased out ( in the end stage at least ) , so by definition kind of no , although you would be free to trade/give away/whatever houses . 
  you mean the 25 million who die from easily preventable poverty related deaths every year because they ca n't pay for food ? 
  the real victims here are the windows, 
   trotsky : the state will decide your fate, 
   stalin : i am the state, 
   trotsky : not yet, 
   stalin : * unsheathes icepick * it 's revisionism , then ? 
  that seems kinda redundant , the book of the month just rotates between the communist manifesto and das kapital, 
  revise communism once , i 'm mad . 
  revise communism twice , gulag . 
  revise communism three times , you 're officially that deng , you know the one, 
  i mean , in episode 18 subaru basically calls himself a worthless coward who never accomplished anything meaningful back home , so he probably never had a life worth living there and jumped at the chance to leave it behind, 
  seize the means of animation !, 
  in doom 4 some specific demons are former humans ( the possessed are reanimated corpses , the revenants are humans subject to lazarus waves ) , but i think other from them no once-human demons exist, 
  i always pick a religion that fits the country eg protestantism for america , hinduism for india etc, 
  i wish the democrats were communist, 
  i thought not . 
  it 's not a story the jedi would tell you . 
  it 's a sith legend . 
  what 's the good word ? 
  first they came for the windows , and i did not speak out , for i was not a window, 
  then they came for the limousines , and i did not speak out , for i was not a limousine, 
  then they came for the nazi faces , and i did not speak out , for i was not a nazi face, 
  then nothing of consequence happened to me, 
  is ` sharing your joycon ' what they 're calling it these days ? 
  but the prequels are the greatest movies of all time so that does n't say much, 
  under an actual orwellian society you could have as many guns as you want and it would n't matter because you 'd be too brainwashed to support every action the government and military do . 
  oh wait , that 's just td and trump, 
   it 's over spencer !, 
  i have the strong fist !, 
   you underestimate my jaw strength !, 
   do n't try it . 
  they do n't like snowflakes because it reminds them of stalingrad, 
  the side of alternative facts and 3 million illegal votes ca n't accuse others of not accepting the truth, 
  man , you 'd think a book written by jews to trick non-jews would have inspired less anti-semitism across history, 
  so you 're saying we need a healthy mix of cancerous and normal cells ? 
  positive emotion , maybe, 
  i love ( / hate ) how so many of the comments are accusing bernie of ` appealing to emotion ' , as if not wanting tens of thousands of preventable deaths a year makes you an overemotional shrill . 
  now this is whale hunting !, 
   the president will decide your fate . 
   i * am * the president, 
   not yet, 
  i think that 's the floating city of nym in outer la noscea, 
  it 's in no way confirmed , but the terrain inside ozma is very similar to the architecture/terrain * of * nym itself , thus it 's possible the mhachi used ozma to destroy nym during the war of the magi, 
  they can stop seeing themselves as black when the police do, 
  this is totally inaccurate , the libertarian right square would be filled with recreational nukes, 
  * teleports behind you *, 
  i * really * do n't want to live in a world where things like welfare and universal healthcare are radically leftist, 
  * unsheathes claymore *, 
  ethnic cleansing is not a view worth respecting, 
  california is the sixth largest economy in the world by itself , it 's not going broke anytime soon, 
   any attempts to disarm the proletariat must be frustrated , by force if necessary - karl marx, 
   that means they want to take our guns - conservatives, 
  first they came for the windows , and i did not speak out , for i was not a window, 
   we have to support some people who are entertaining but have bad ideas . 
  yeah , like the president, 
  bitch what the fuck, 
  mike ` deus volt ' pence, 
  he can take my infinity stone any day, 
   and what , pray tell , do you expect her to do, 
  seizing the means of production would be nice, 
  space, 
  yeah but he has an actual event in his life he can point to as a cause for his fear , we just have being socially awkward nerds to blame, 
  has that been confirmed by rowling anywhere ? 
  because i imagine that a concentrated stream of patronus ( es ) over several hours/days would eventually kill it , albeit you 'd need to rotate out different casters as you go due to fatigue, 
  we 're also putting people 's character before their skin , it 's just that character in this case refers to literal nazism,
