  verdict :, 
  post-mako with materia : 0/10 solo , 1/10 grouped, 
  post-mako without materia : 1/10 solo , 2-3/10 grouped, 
  ca n't argue with that, 
  cdi link can eat dodongoes , so he must be pretty strong . 
  talking mostly about lore and cutscene feats rather than stats, 
   same thing happens with me , damn * unfitness *, 
  because demons take on a form they think will win them followers ( where possible ) , and since most anime characters are lolicons a 12 year old girl is the best choice, 
  maybe she 's vengeful over the enslavement/deaths of her beast tribes , and is using the tipping scales as a representation of the justice she 's taking in revenge for them, 
  the empire never would have formed if the separatists had released their tax returns . 
  the beauty of the fourteenth amendment is that it will be not needed until they try and take it , which was pretty soon after it was made, 
   * whispers *, 
  sleipnir ( odin 's horse ) does n't appear mechanical in any way , but he may be the exception, 
  [ sin magic ] ( http://powerlisting.wikia.com/wiki/sin_magic?useskin=oasis ) , which apparently does n't work on people with sin immunity , which the literal satan is sure to have , so i 'm screwed . 
  look at these muslim socialists trying to oppress a small business exercising its constitutional rights, 
  apologies for bad sokovian, 
  where were you when avengers died ? 
  i was at home watching new thor movie when zemo ring, 
  ` avengers is kill ', 
  all about that ankle, 
  how are you supposed to be a former veteran ? 
  time travel ? 
  you know , america points nukes at other countries too, 
  their cells are likely reinforced by magic enough that they ca n't be damaged by viruses or bacteria, 
  given what the american military is like , that would be a good thing, 
  like that time hitler praised jewish bolshevism , right ? 
  when crusader kings leaks into real life, 
   instead of saying ` fuck the * sharia * police , how about you stop breaking the law, 
  how the hell are feelings supposed to be heartless ? 
  would n't they just not be feelings if they were n't emotional in some way ? 
  but what about the toothbrushes, 
  it 's possible in a future expac ( an incredibly far off one likely ) we may need to travel to the rest of the 13 worlds in some way ( likely only for a couple of instances each ) meaning we could see them someday . 
  i believe it was just ' a power that rivalled ultima ' or something like that , so it could be omega , given that teledji 's death likely meant a halt to its excavation, 
  and the warring triad , if i 'm remembering right ? 
  i think in bowsers inside story bowser is deposed by fawful , and uses various mario enemies as part of his attacks to reclaim the kingdom, 
  what kind of teacher asks for memes in a presentation ? 
  do you see a unicycle anywhere, 
  so true !, 
  i 'll just tick a smaller third box reading ` obey ' , that 'll show them !, 
  but they are engaging in child molesting, 
  well what better sprite to be lazy on than the sans one ? 
  no , i definitely got two this week ( wednesday and thursday ), 
  mercalli or gtfo, 
  not the ( ( ( globalists ) ) ), 
  a wall mount to fit old weapons on, 
  they have n't gotten the honor social policy yet, 
  finally vsauce content on a level i can understand, 
  i want to get of mr hindu 's wild ride, 
  i ca n't remember where i saw this , but apparently hitler did n't use gas because the british were so well prepared for gas attacks ( high proliferation of gas masks , training exercises ) that it would have just been cost ineffective compared to deaths, 
  at 0:21 he says ` can you help a nigga out ' , so regardless of whether or not you consider it important it does have a racial slur, 
  mystic knight , chemist/alchemist , red mage, 
  well duh , it was 1933 , he 'd be like 110 otherwise, 
  had the same thing happen to me but in 1440p on my radeon 290, 
  it 's not as bad as the eternal void of space under peach in smash bros 4, 
  raid finder on tonberry works great . 
  got 3 clears in duty incomplete ( one going alone , two with fc mates ) , and 20 in duty complete , out of about 30 attempts ( a little over 67 % clear rate ), 
  i 'd say omega will be teased in some way ( due to nero possibly finding it in cartenau ) , but that rather than it being a boss in 3.5 it will be part of the 4 . x story, 
  possibly a balcony for outdoor things would work, 
  he inspired a series of humorous nicknames that brought joy to many, 
   your reddit partner has disconnected, 
  he cheated you . 
  he cheated all of you and you did notice, 
  it was from a marco rubio debate/discussion where he repeated that four times in one speech, 
  i 've been able to clear sophia ex in raid finder multiple times ( jp data centre however ) both in duty complete and incomplete , but i have n't been able to get a queue for thordan , sephirot or nidhogg since 3.4 so idk how it would be for that, 
  super smash bros for wii u, 
  mario kart 8, 
  super mario 3d world, 
  hyrule warriors, 
  a link to the past ( virtual console ), 
  i did this for all my crafters up to 50 ( except in blocks of 5 levels ) so i could share/spiritbond all the gear before trashing it . 
  americans sure care about germany everytime refugees are brought up , however . 
  imagine how many hands trump would need to grab all that pussy, 
  he had a stomach , so he was just thanking dr smith by sharing his work, 
  depends what side is against the muslims, 
  iirc the triad ex trials are the triad at the height of their war against the allag , not a hypothetical situation, 
  still disappointed it was n't called pelvic thrust, 
  i think we need an official name for the ` wives and daughters defence ' where conservatives think mentioning a female relative beats any real arguments . 
  you 're officially that guy, 
  it could only grow that old due to gun safety keeping him secure, 
   makes me have sex, 
   no one says ` that hurts let 's stop that, 
  i see you have n't heard of hentai, 
  muslims have really bad texture quality on their hands apparently, 
  it 's possible that that 's where nero meets up with us again , likely revealing what he found at carteneau, 
  \\  tfw ur 5x as mad as a mad lass, 
  he must talk fast to be able to catch up in 30 seconds, 
  donald trump says you can kill a baby if it has the misfortune of being in the same building as a terrorist suspect . 
  i do n't know what happens in somebody 's mind or how dark their heart must be to say things like that . 
  more like welcome to the ussr, 
  it 's definitely doable on your own , but you 'll find it easier to play with friends since you have a guarantee of their skill/can voice chat with them to coordinate better, 
  i 'm not even a woman and that ad made me want an abortion on demand, 
  you know , i 'm fairly certain officials checking out refugees would be capable of finding an enormous gun on a young child, 
  imagine if you will , an online group who shitpost cringeworthy memes online , but believe they are activists, 
  i do n't see any tr\u00e9buchets capable of using a counterweight to launch a 90 kg object over 300 metres in this image, 
  yes , because counterjihad is a reliable source of info on terrorists, 
  because the liebruls are trying to destroy america by stopping brave patriots from exposing the mooslims, 
   are you surprised ? 
  it 's me , arin, 
   i assist only the swood and grommetty !, 
  that 's arin .
