  feel free to point out if i have made any factual errors . 
  where does original sin factor in ? 
  if there was no adam and eve to eat the apple , where does our original sin come from ? 
  and if you claim that humanity was shackled with original sin as soon as we first evolved , does n't that seem a little harsh ? 
  edit : to clarify , i am not stating that humanity had a distinct first human ( s ) . 
  what the fuck did you just fucking say about me , you little goomba ? 
  i 'll have you know i graduated top of my class in koopa jumping and i 've been involved in several secret raids on bowser 's castle , and i have over 300 confirmed rescues of peach . 
  i am trained in donkey kong warfare and i am the top plumber in the entire mushroom kingdom armed forces . 
  you are nothing to me but just another coin . 
  i will jump you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this world , mark my fucking words . 
  you think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the warp zone ? 
  think again , fucker . 
  as we speak , i am contacting my secret network of toads across the mushroom kingdom and your level is being tracked right now so you better prepare for the storm , cheep cheep . 
  the storm that wipes out the pathetic thing you call your life . 
  you 're fucking dead , koopa . 
  i can be anywhere , anytime , and i can crush you in over seven hundred different ways , and that 's just with my bare feet . 
  not only am i extensively trained in goomba combat , but i have access to the entire arsenal of the comet observatory , and i will use it to wipe your miserable ass off the face of this world , you little shit . 
  if only you had known what unholy retribution your `` clever '' comment was about to bring down on you , you would have held your fucking tongue . 
  but you could n't , you did n't , and now you 're paying the price , you goddamn idiot . 
  i will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it . 
  you 're fucking dead , kiddo . 
  a peasant sonyfag 12 year old microsoft mlg professor and console gamer was teaching a class on playstation 4 , a known console . 
  `` before the class begins , you must get on your knees and worship playstation and accept that it is the most highly-evolved console the world has ever known , even greater than steam ! '', 
  at this moment , a brave , euphoric , pro keyboard dota 2 champion who had served 1500 hours of gameplay and understood the necessity of sales and fully supported all gaming decisions made by valve stood up and held up a screenshot . 
  `` what console is this 1080p 60 fps screenshot from ? '', 
  the arrogant peasant smirked quite peasantish and smugly replied `` ps4 , you stupid neckbeard '', 
  `` wrong . 
  it 's actually from the glorious pc . 
  if it was from a console , as you say it is ... then it should be only 720p 30 fps ! '', 
  the peasant was visibly shaken , and dropped his headset and copy of call of duty . 
  he stormed out of the room crying those 30 fps console tears . 
  the students applauded and all registered pc that day and accepted gaben as their lord and savior . 
  an eagle named `` dell conagher '' flew into the room and perched atop the custom built gaming rig and shed a tear on the headset . 
  the terms and conditions of steam were read several times , and gaben himself showed up and enacted a 75 % off sale rate across the steam market . 
  the peasant lost his ps + membership and was fired the next day . 
  he died of the console plague lag and was tossed into the lake of noscopers for all eternity . 
  it is a common argument that since god is ` beyond morality ' , he can not sin , because that would be him submitting to a higher power . 
  my point is this : if god can not sin , he is not omnipotent , since omnipotence is the ability to do anything . 
  if he can sin , then he has to submit to a higher power . 
  only adding people with one of these . 
  `` from there elisha went up to bethel . 
  as he was walking along the road , some boys came out of the town and jeered at him . 
  `` get out of here , baldy ! '' they said . 
  `` get out of here , baldy ! '' he turned around , looked at them and called down a curse on them in the name of the lord . 
  then two bears came out of the woods and mauled forty-two of the boys . '', 
  ( 2 kings 2:23 -24 ) . 
  so his father said , `` adam and eve made babies , then their babies became adults and made babies , and so on . '', 
  the child then went to his mother , asked her the same question and she told him , `` we were monkeys then we evolved to become like we are now . '', 
  the child ran back to his father and said , `` you lied to me ! '', 
  his father replied , `` no , your mom was talking about her side of the family . '', 
  so , in many parts of the bible , it says god either ca n't or wo n't lie . 
  for example : `` god is not human , that he should lie , not a human being , that he should change his mind . 
  does he speak and then not act ? 
  does he promise and not fulfill ? '', 
  ( numbers 23:19 ) and '' ... so that by two unchangeable things in which it is impossible for god to lie , we who have taken refuge would have strong encouragement to take hold of the hope set before us '' hebrews 6:18 . 
  however , there are several passages in the bible where god does lie . 
  for example : `` and if the prophet be deceived when he hath spoken a thing , i the lord have deceived that prophet , and i will stretch out my hand upon him , and will destroy him '' ( ezekiel 14:9 ) , `` you deceived me , lord , and i was deceived '' ( jeremiah 20:7 ) , and `` for this cause god shall send them strong delusion , that they should believe a lie . '', 
  ( thessalonians 2:11 -12 ) . 
  so , does god really not lie ? 
  edit : accidentally quoted the same passage twice , now fixed, 
  obviously , if i prayed to nicolas cage to cure cancer overnight , it would n't work . 
  if a christian did it , it would n't work either . 
  you might think , then , that that is just because nicolas cage does n't answer prayers . 
  but , explain then , these choice bible quotes : `` ask and it will be given to you ; seek and you will find ; knock and the door will be opened to you . '', 
  ( matthew 7:7 ) , `` he replied , `` because you have so little faith . 
  truly i tell you , if you have faith as small as a mustard seed , you can say to this mountain , ` move from here to there , ' and it will move . 
  nothing will be impossible for you . '' ( matthew 17:20 ) , `` i tell you the truth , if you have faith and do not doubt , not only can you do what was done to the fig tree , but also you can say to this mountain , ` go , throw yourself into the sea , ' and it will be done . 
  if you believe , you will receive whatever you ask for in prayer . '', 
  ( matthew 21:21 ) and `` i tell you the truth , anyone who has faith in me will do what i have been doing . 
  he will do even greater things than these , because i am going to the father . 
  and i will do whatever you ask in my name , so that the son may bring glory to the father . 
  you may ask me for anything in my name , and i will do it . '', 
  ( john 14:12 -14 ) . 
  it 's pretty clear that it is being said that praying for something will grant you that something . 
  yet , when you pray for something that can only be seen as an act of nicolas cage ( not something ambiguous like getting tails when flipping a coin ) , it does n't happen . 
  and if you claim that i am ` taking it out of context ' , then you are basically saying that jesus meant `` praying will get u stuff , but not rly lol umad '' . 
  tl ; dr : bible says praying works , but it does n't . 
  it 's pretty obvious that the bible is full of bias . 
  it spends every other page gushing about god and jesus and how they 're oh so perfect and wise , and refuses to even entertain the notion that they are imperfect or wrong at any point . 
  it 's like a book about kim jong-il written by a north korean . 
  do you really think that anyone who wrote a book about god would say that he 's evil and wrong . 
  no , because that would be tantamount to going `` please send me to hell '' . 
  and to all those who say `` oh but god ca n't be wrong or evil because the bible says so '' , then see my opening statement . 
  one of the classic arguments many christians present when asked why god condemns people to eternal torture is `` you send yourself to hell by refusing the love of god '' . 
  but , as anyone would say , that is false . 
  god sends you to hell , not you . 
  do you really think that anyone would choose to give themselves eternal torture ( masochists not counted ) ? 
  it 's like a thief saying `` give me all your valuables or i shoot !, 
  '' , and when you do n't and he shoots you , you chose to be shot by refusing to hand over your money . 
  do you really think that when people meet god and he judges them worthy of hell , they would go `` right , that 's fair , send me right now '' ? 
  any normal person would go `` no , send me to heaven please '' . 
  meaning that when they end up in hell , it 's god who sends them there . 
  robin walker ( shane harper ) , a pc master race college student , enrolls in a game design class taught by professor phil spencer ( kevin sorbo ) , a console peasant , who demands that his students sign a declaration that `` gaben is dead '' to get a passing grade . 
  robin is the only student in the class who refuses to sign and is then required by spencer to debate the topic with him , with the class members deciding who wins . 
  spencer gives robin twenty minutes at the end of the first three lecture sessions to argue that good pc gaming exists . 
  in the first two debates , spencer has no counter arguments for all of robin 's points , but just says `` it 's more cinematic '' . 
  robin 's girlfriend pauling ( cassidy gifford ) breaks up with him , fearing that standing up to spencer will jeopardize their download speed . 
  ultimately , it comes down to the third and final debate between spencer and robin , robin who again makes compelling points . 
  robin then halts his line of debate to pose a question to spencer : `` why do you hate gaben ? '', 
  after robin repeats the question twice more , spencer explodes in rage , confirming he hates gaben for not releasing half life 3 despite his prayers .
