  and drinking realm reborn red . 
  i guess we should n't blame hitler for ww2 , since he just capitalised on the anti semitism that had been going around germany at the time . 
  it 's not the easiest thing to think of complex fictional relationships on the spot . 
  most fictional things with orcs have them murder you on sight . 
  would you ask an army of orcs about to kill you : check your axe privilege ? 
  4 . who wants to play a game where your character has to go to therapy after every guy he kills ? 
  or one where he breaks his arms and has to sit there and watch everyone else fight ? 
  newsflash : the characters are not real . 
  who cares if they spend the whole time drinking tea and playing monopoly , or brutally murdering everyone they come across and burning their cities to the ground ? 
  they are n't real , they have never been real , and they will likely never be real . 
  so stop obsessing over their wellbeing . 
  should have at least gotten an 8gb usb . 
  since water is necessary for just about all life on earth , that 's actually a compliment . 
  if only they really were demons , then i could dispel them with a cross and holy water . 
  trigger warning : fatness, 
  i woke up with a start , sweat dripping down my brow like mayonnaise down my low fat sandwich . 
  i had thought i heard an intruder , but i did n't see one . 
  i turned around to go back to my dream of winning the olympics , when i saw him . 
  watching . 
  waiting for that moment when i awoke . 
  as soon as he saw me , he reached into his pocket , and pulled something out , more horrifying than a gun : a big mac . 
  filled with calories , bursting with fat , and dripping with carbohydrates . 
  he walked towards me , with that large grin painted on his face , that masked a sense of utter hate . 
  i ran to the door , but it was jammed . 
  `` no , please ! '', 
  '' , but to no avail . 
  he kept walking towards me , repeating the same blood curdling phrase :, 
  `` eat it . 
  it 's mcdelicious . '', 
  i do n't know what i was on when i wrote this . 
   fucking magnets, 
  ftfy, 
  because it has a proud poc being oppressed by two white cis straight males from the western patriarchy . 
  i think he meant to say :, 
   feeling horn * y * before you go to bed, 
  now i have a mental image of the milky way calling andromeda a supercluster . 
  pls deliver op . 
  let 's do the maths . 
  black people make up about 13.2 % of the american population . 
  the american population is about 300 million . 
  300 million divided by 13.2 is about 22,727,273 people . 
  divide 100 trillion by that and you get approximately 4,400,000 , meaning that each black person in america would get over 4 million us dollars each . 
  seems fair to make people who * never * owned slaves gut themselves financially to make people who were * never * slaves millionaires . 
  the reason germany pays holocaust victims is because they were actually in the holocaust , unlike these people who were never part of slavery . 
  also , she has good medicine , food , clean water , and an internet connection , which is a lot more than a slave owner from the mid 1800 's had . 
   what 's black and white and red all over ? 
   the prisoners in the penal colony . 
  the sun was especially brutal that day , and the warden had taken their roofs as punishment for an unnamed crime . 
  how do you get pikachu on a bus ? 
  you poke him on !, 
  well there is a death star set , you know , that thing that destroyed an entire planet . 
  [ r/nocontext ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/nocontext/comments/2r753q/and_ill_make_coffee_come_out_of_my_nipples_while/ ), 
   implying something on 4chan might not be true, 
  the comments are the worst part . 
  like one guy who basically went : `` look at all these scientists ( who existed before evolution was discovered ) who were creationists ! '' . 
  like no duh , of course people would be creationists before evolution and the big bang , because there was literally nothing else to be . 
  my brain hurts from reading this . 
  but it 's ok to profit from a 100 % true story . 
   purposefully forget their names, 
  right , because calling me bert is one of my triggers, 
   any time yr talking about anything outside the realm of cod , energy drinks , or football , pause and giggle and say `` oh , but sorry - you would n't know anything about this , right ? 
  we can change the subject '', 
  til that as a boy i only know about cod , energy drinks and football , despite hating both football and energy drinks ( unless you count mountain dew , that shit is dank ) , and only like cod a little bit, 
   extension on # 1 : call him by the name of another boy w the same hair color as him . 
  when he protests , laugh and act like he 's trying to trick u, 
  extension on # 1 : i do n't care what you call me , because i do n't have ptsd from being called a wrong name, 
   `` hold this . '', 
  stop acknowledging him for the remainder of the encounter until it is time to collect you bag/purse/coat / etc, 
  that 's a nice way to get your stuff ` dropped ' , or ` lost ' . 
   `` sorry , what ? 
  i was n't listening '' rinse and repeat, 
  i 'd just go `` i beg your pardon ? '', 
  when she says that , and keep going in a loop until she cracks, 
  make a cute face . 
  `` awwwwww '', 
  apparently the best way to deal with guys wanting all girls to be feminine is to act stereotypically feminine . 
  well yes , but they 're dual-kin , so they are both deer-kin and reindeer-kin . 
  if men run the world , then why is it christmas eve instead of christmas adam ? 
  no , since you 're white , cis . 
  straight , old and male that make you darth vader-kin . 
  yeah , but pictures do exist !, 
  they 're all of oddly shaped clouds or shadows , but pictures . 
  plz no . 
  we have slow enough internet as it is . 
  no jew would go to ischwitz , it 's twice as expensive . 
  all jews go to nokiaschwitz . 
  i 'm fairly certain in all religions , gods are either cis or agender , e.g. 
  zeus is cis , isis is cis , god is agender , allah is agender . 
  not divinegender . 
  because e is for evil , and y is for yahweh , so feminists are changing women from evil to gods . 
   those southern battle flags did n't start cropping up until brown v. board of education in 1954 . 
  those fuckers waited 90 years to start showing those flags . 
  yes , because it 's not like hardly any of those people would have been alive 90 years ago or anything . 
  not if you 're a god who ca n't even create a stone he can not lift !, 
  checkmate / u/randomname01, 
  ooc : it would be . 
  so then you would be more powerful than god , if he did real , since you can do that and he ca n't . 
   you 're not satan , you 're god . 
  satan kills far fewer people, 
  1 point for technically being true , but you could feel the raw neckbeard seeping out of that comment .
