  are you anakin skywalker ? 
  i ca n't remember which one specifically , but in one episode there was a magazine talking about a nightshade contest , to which he said ' i aint - gon na take that sitting down ', 
  the exegutariat has nothing to lose but it 's leaves, 
  socialism without capitalism = communism, 
  * takes off rock on the right *, 
  when the drugs kick in so hard you have to sneeze, 
  i tried to downvote this , but my natural instincts kicked in and my hand moved to the upvote button instead, 
  this was byotiful, 
  final fantasy, 
  my point was that if soy human was equal or better , it would be more practical to just farm lots of soy instead of hunting humans , since that take more effort and is n't as sustainable, 
  it 's mugs all the way down, 
  except for the normies, 
  attempting to cause a second ice age by having anti-global warming plans extract the majority of carbon dioxide from the atmosphere, 
  really ? 
  that documentary wolfenstein : spear of destiny says otherwise, 
  jihadist attacks are right wing attacks, 
  no , the rat * is * cancer, 
  gang signs kill , kids, 
   right reactionary bolshevik, 
  we did it reddit, 
  class based struggle is literally the defining point of socialism . 
  socialism without class struggle is like fascism without idiot supporters , it 's a logical contradiction, 
   in most countries illegal entry gets you locked up, 
  but god forbid someone talks about how most developed countries have better social programs and it 's all ` america shouldnt be like those eurocucks ', 
  corbyn will make stalin look like a fucking anarchist, 
  i sexually identify as melania trump, 
  considering all the outrage that came over one football player kneeling to the anthem , i 'm sure they 'd find a way, 
  and a happy holidays to you too, 
  why bother writing new pieces of literature when you can just reread the epic of gilgamesh over and over, 
  because left wing = big government is one of the biggest lies ever to grace the earth and anyone who believes it is an idiot, 
  i think of the 25 million who did every year from poverty related causes in a predominately capitalist world , but i guess they should have just bootstrapped their way into riches , right ? 
  american idiot 2 : electric boogaloo, 
  he makes a good point , although i 'd take it further and ask how finland can have astronauts when it does n't actually exist, 
  apparently dahl 's estate forbade any movie of the great glass elevator , so probably not, 
  monado too thanks, 
  probably from black people doing drive by shootings, 
  anakin probably beheaded some of the sand people , so close enough, 
  stealing wands by hand does change allegiance , otherwise harry could n't have won malfoy 's wand by ripping it out of his hand in dh , so there 's no reason grindelwald taking the elder wand off gregorovitch would n't have transferred allegiance, 
  i s l a m i c h o r d e s, 
  because refugees are human beings and not numbers on a population graph ? 
  final fantasy x, 
  anything final fantasy, 
  because the invisible hand will use trickle down economics to bring society to a golden age of prosperity / s, 
  unless only your leg gets blown off and you survive, 
  you know , game consoles and games cost money too, 
  i s l a m i c h o r d e s, 
   what gives the foreigners , whatever race or color they are , the right to rule over me in my country ? 
  so i 'm assuming you 're calling for a total deportation of all white americans and oceanians back to europe ? 
  donald trump grabbed 40 pussies . 
  that 's four tens . 
  and that 's yuge, 
  was n't he in both ? 
  i remember in one episode he mentioned the only time he ever actually put his foot in someone 's ass was in iwo jima, 
  i was at coruscant when obi wan called me, 
  ` younglings is kill ', 
  i * wish * hillary and bernie could be put in the same category as socialism . 
  a youtube channel with weird ass educational kids videos , although any channel with [ gorilla donald trump vs police car ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y6-rww-jmga ) must be worth checking out, 
  well that 's what happens when you do n't use protection . 
  it is time to bring grain back into our pyramids, 
  apparently ( according to a reddit comment so it might not be reliable ) north korea loves border crossers who come back , since it ( in their eyes ) proves that north korea is superior to everywhere else . 
  from further down, 
   do you think that islam is not patriarchal ? 
  whether or not islam is a bigoted religion , the majority of muslims do n't act that way in everyday life, 
   it is not a conservative religion ? 
  yeah it kinda is , but by the same metric so is christianity and judaism in most of the same ways , so it 's not a useful comparison, 
   look at muslim majority countries - saudi arabia - uae - oman ... etc. 
  any dissenting opinion gets you chastised severely . 
  fun fact : 62 % of the world 's muslims live in southeast asia , so you ca n't even call what happens in the middle east representative of the majority of muslims, 
  he 's a guy who makes troll comments on yahoo answers pages with slightly ridiculous leaps of logic/sense making, 
  go to r/kenm to see his work, 
  well i can tell you where the * cream * pies came from, 
  nothing wrong here , just looks like a bit of economic anxiety to me, 
  barry is actually cross after a shrink gone wrong, 
  i love it when my racism takes me out to a fancy dinner, 
  what 's the outfit ? 
  ahem , i believe i can translate :, 
  ` muslims muslims 9/11 build the wall ', 
  well not when you have a cia to overthrow them, 
  like 75 % of discussions on capitalism vs socialism include the idiotic argument ` but socialism ca n't work because human nature ' without any sort of justification as to why, 
  finally , a hentai that accurately portrays the australian accent . 
  not really , once in civ 6 i got the first moon landing and all the mars techs but then gilgamesh and tomrys invaded my and fucked up my production so bad that peter ended up winning the science victory instead, 
  ( i 'm admittedly not an expert on marxism , so there 'd be plenty of people on reddit better at explaining this than i could ), 
  well if we 're going off the real world you 'll likely get overthrown by the cia and replaced with a right wing dictator under the guise of stopping communism . 
  ( in all seriousness , multiple socialist countries did allow for holidays for all parts of society . 
  of course , often the better holidays were saved for the government , but then again the better ones are saved for the rich in capitalist society so not much difference there ) . 
  in an ideal communist society , you would n't even have to ask for vacation time , since there 's no management to tell you ca n't . considering how many stories exist of people only putting in 1 hour-ish of ` proper ' work in an 8 hour work day , for example , it stands to reason that increasing productivity relative to time would allow for far more time off than what is currently allocated . 
  additionally , since you are n't paying wages due to being in a moneyless society , you can afford to take in unemployed people to share the workload ( e.g. 
  1 person 's 8 hour job could become 8 people 's 1 hour job ) . 
  additionally , automation could exist alongside workers instead of driving them out , since companies would n't have to worry about costs of employee labour factored against production , nor on paying ceo 's vast sums of money . 
  [ enough food is produced today ] ( http://feedbackglobal.org/food-waste-scandal/ ) to feed the entire world over and still leave surplus , so it 's not like integrating the unemployed into this part of society would lead to mass supply problems . 
  the majority of socialist groups would prefer greater investment into renewable resources to power vehicles ( among other things ) , since without profit to worry about investment in non-fossil fuels can be made without losing money . 
  any individual lake would n't necessarily have a road to it , but considering that many places in today 's society do n't have motor vehicle access , it 's nothing special . 
  of course , you could argue that all of this is wishful thinking that could never come to fruition , but in a sense that 's part of the point . 
  it 's something to work towards cooperatively in its entirety , not something to give up on at the first little concession granted . 
  just because it seems impossible , does n't mean it has to be . 
  but i thought [ robbie rotten was the communist ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lgonajnjud0 ), 
  how are you supposed to be 79 % protestant, 
  well it 's certainly not going to help the economy of the millions that would die from it, 
  i would probably have replaced forza or pokemon go with doom 4 , but other than that congrats to stardew,
