   too soon, 
  ftfy, 
   1 ) why are you atheist , like were you converted ? 
  or do you just not believe in religion ? 
  yep . 
  started out roman catholic . 
   2 ) is there any part of you that would convert to a nicolas cage or deity worshiping religion , and if so under what circumstances , if not , then why not . 
  belief and worship are two different things . 
  i can believe in a god without worshipping them . 
  i would believe in a god if i thought the evidence was satisfactory , and i would then worship that god if i thought they were worthy of it . 
  does n't matter , noscoped scrubs . 
  mitochondria is the powerhouse of the cell . 
  nintendo learned their lesson about touch only games after the ds zelda games . 
  just like we 'd be fine without trans men and blacks . 
  but that 's ` transphobic ' and ` racist ' and i should ` check my privilege ' . 
  i think that if these gods ( and goddesses , do n't want to be a misogynistic shitlord ) existed , they 'd be pretty pissed off at some tumblrina claiming to be them . 
  citation needed . 
  `` schizophrenia is a mental disorder often characterized by abnormal social behavior and failure to recognize what is real . 
  common symptoms include false beliefs , unclear or confused thinking , auditory hallucinations , reduced social engagement and emotional expression , and inactivity . '', 
  - wikipedia . 
  ` auditory hallucinations ', 
  burn . 
  members of isis are dying for and killing for a lie all the time . 
  the common way i see it being explained , is n't that it supports christianity , but that it means the disciples genuinely believed , as opposed to being the leaders of a cult for money . 
   for one , things we know now would have been lost on the people in those times . 
  how could the verse `` plz wash your hands to stop getting sick '' have been lost ? 
  that also states you have to sacrifice a heifer and sprinkle its blood towards a tent . 
  the same way you debunk the odyssey . 
  i 'm guessing that they have n't heard of saint nicholas . 
  no i 'm not . 
  atheists have dank may mays to live for . 
  and that cats name ? 
  albert kittenstein . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.vox.com/2014/6/12/5801196/tomorrow-is-friday-the-13th-and-a-full-moon-that-wont-happen-again ) site says that * friday the 13th * is * falling * on a full moon . 
  gravity * falls * . 
  it is night time in an episode of gravity falls . 
  the dark * knight * . 
  batman is mentioned in the pilot episode of * the simpsons * . 
  homer and bart are often shown to be very dumb . 
  in fact , one could be described as * dumb * , while the other could be described as being * dumber * , and there are two of them . 
  dumb and dumber two . 
  and the muto 's are cocaine dealers from south america looking to collaborate with walter on forming a japanese drug empire , and they fight godzilla because they were in the middle of a turf war prior to walter moving in . 
  voldemort is fred phelps , and the death eaters are westboro baptist church . 
  the malfoys are all nathan phelps at once . 
  it 's nice to see the other side of things , to prevent myself from getting too deeprooted in the anti theism that r/atheism often is . 
  what the fuck did you just fucking say about me , you little bitch ? 
  i 'll have you know i graduated top of my class in the navy seals , and i 've been involved in numerous secret raids on al-quaeda , and i have over 300 confirmed kills . 
  i am trained in gorilla warfare and i 'm the top sniper in the entire us armed forces . 
  you are nothing to me but just another target . 
  i will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this earth , mark my fucking words . 
  you think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the internet ? 
  think again , fucker . 
  as we speak i am contacting my secret network of spies across the usa and your ip is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm , maggot . 
  the storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life . 
  you 're fucking dead , kid . 
  i can be anywhere , anytime , and i can kill you in over seven hundred ways , and that 's just with my bare hands . 
  not only am i extensively trained in unarmed combat , but i have access to the entire arsenal of the united states marine corps and i will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent , you little shit . 
  if only you could have known what unholy retribution your little `` clever '' comment was about to bring down upon you , maybe you would have held your fucking tongue . 
  but you could n't , you did n't , and now you 're paying the price , you goddamn idiot . 
  i will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it . 
  you 're fucking dead , kiddo . 
  well , your mum is fat . 
  if you play with a flintlock pistol from colonial times , there is a 1 in 1 chance of dying , therefore russian roulette is worse . 
  and i would like to live my life as if a giant pink marshmallow gave me money every time i played mega man 2 on nes , but that 's not real either . 
  that would imply part of it was once fact, 
  [ ] ( / / #fundiealert ), 
  our nye who art in science ,, 
  hallow be thy belief system . 
  thy faithsmashing be done, 
  on facebook as it is on reddit . 
  give us this day our daily may may, 
  and increase in us our euphoria, 
  as we rek those who are stupid fundies ,, 
  and lead us not into the church ,, 
  but deliver us from our kkkatholics, 
  for thine is the mountain dew , and the doritos , and the fedoras, 
  until you tip your last fedora . 
  m'lady . 
  * tips fedora *, 
  ftfy, 
  all work and no play make jack a dull boy . 
  technically , the original brits were enslaved by the romans and stuff , but they were both white so sjw 's do n't really care . 
  i wonder if god is praegender , or is that just transphobic by assuming his mental and biological gender are the same . 
  also , i wonder if an atheist can be praegender . 
  did they seriously say food ? 
  how the hell could food be triggering ? 
  were your family murdered by a pizza ? 
  obviously a case of internalised misogyny . 
  another one lost to the patriarchy \u2122 . 
  basically , up until now only the very rich could be fat , and anyone who called a rich person fat would probably be executed . 
  if sex organs have no sex , then there is literally nothing that makes trans people trans . 
   disabled, 
  she 's partially deaf for part of the 1st book ( she gets fixed ) , and loses a spleen in the 3rd book ( but that does n't really affect her at all ) . 
  she does have some kind of ptsd , but that 's shown in the movies , and so does everyone else who survived the games ( especially haymitch and annie ), 
   aromantic, 
  she 's just really weird with romance . 
  she starts out having a sort of romance with gale , then fakes romance with peeta for support in the games , then sort of has romance with peeta and gale at the same time , then flicks back and forth until she decides peeta, 
   native american, 
  she is mentioned as having darker skin when compared to her mother and sister , but nowhere is it mentioned that she is native american . 
   woman,
