  you ca n't logic someone out of a position they did n't logic themselves into, 
  hopefully , i have a whole folder of them that i need to stagger out over time, 
  which is why they tried banning the countries the 9/11 hackers came from , right ? 
  edit : lol apparently 9/11 was hacked by a plane, 
  now to get back to our daily mandated putin worshipping, 
  eugenics sounds about right, 
  it 's a satanic legend . 
  lucifer was a fallen angel so powerful and so charismatic that he could influence the angels to create ... revolution, 
  plenty of android devices ( like the gpd xd for one ) support connecting to tv 's via hdmi and wireless controllers , as well as laptops ( although they 're just portable , not handheld ) , yet are still considered handhelds , so why should the switch be any different, 
  i feel like the longer i wait for the switch , the more accessories i feel compelled to buy along with it ( already got 1 extra game , joycon charge grip , 2 extra amiibo and zelda themed earphones more than what i ordered with the console itself ) , which is probably why nintendo did it, 
  also yes, 
  i would n't be surprised if banner faked the call to troll thor over not being invited to civil war, 
   capitalism makes better tv 's but socialism has better medical care, 
  tough choice there, 
  { { fire emblem : awakening , again } }, 
  i remember coming back to the island palace in zelda 2 over a year after first getting it ( on 3ds vc ) and then it took me another year to beat it ( so much grinding by the hidden town of kasuto ), 
  i 'm just posting it ironically, 
  i think you mean anti communist freedom fighter / s, 
  according to [ this ] ( https://www.netmarketshare.com/operating-system-market-share.aspx?qprid=10&amp;qpcustomd=0 ) site windows has 89.1 % share , which is slightly less than its peak in the 2000 's but still incredibly high ( windows 10 alone has over 50 % ), 
  sarah palin was always irrelevant, 
  marie curie invented the nuclear bomb, 
   my level has doubled since the last time we met , griffin, 
   good . 
  twice the crit , half the ss, 
  { { i know you ca n't actually tag games but whatever } }, 
  { { fire emblem : fates } }, 
  * slides lightsaber out *, 
  it 's treason , then ? 
  til that the entire world is now christian, 
  like her into a bear trap, 
  you can never have too much { { fire emblem : awakening } }, 
  i remember a few months back eiji aonuma said that it 's hypothetically possible to go right to the final boss against calamity ganon ( or whatever surprise final boss shows up ) before doing literally anything else in the game ( except maybe a tutorial fight or two ) , although you 'll be severely undergeared/skilled and will get thrashed hard . 
  i figured that out already from my [ last fe post ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/anime_irl/comments/5uidzn/anime_irl/ddu85bn ), 
  did you ever hear the tragedy of king thordan the viith ? 
  it 's not a story the dravanians would tell you . 
  it 's an ishgardian legend . 
  king thordan was an archbishop of the ishgardians so powerful and so wise , he could use the eye of nidhogg to influence the aether to create ... primals . 
  he had such a knowledge of the aether , he could even keep the ones he cared about ... from dying to dragons . 
  he became so powerful , the only thing he was afraid of was losing his eye ... which , eventually of course , he did . 
  unfortunately , he taught the warrior of light everything he knew . 
  then the warrior killed him in his sleep . 
  ironic . 
  he could save others from the eye of nidhogg ... but not himself . 
  hehe , there 's a country called u r gay, 
  wo n't smith, 
  according to [ this site ] ( http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2017/02/10/darwin-day/ ) , 34 % of americans are creationists , which would probably be a fairly good benchmark for other scientific principles, 
  if you want a slave that badly just move to somalia or wherever and buy one, 
  communism is where the government does stuff , and the more stuff it does the more communister it is, 
  while you had pre-eternal bonding sex , i mastered the bullet slice, 
  yeah , the scene at the end where the pigs end up becoming humans was supposed to show how the ussr was n't much better than the tsarists they replaced ( regardless of whether or not that was true ), 
  i think hermione herself mentions in that scene that the room is most likely unplottable , so even if the marauders did find it they could n't leave a record on the map, 
  i think it 's just magic society as a whole that does n't like non humans, 
   how fucking hard it is to find anything . 
  the entire castle literally changes i a day-to-day basis . 
  it 's probably a bad idea to mess with any part of hogwarts , unless you enjoy horrible magical pain left behind by the founders, 
   how shit quidditch is . 
  you 've got 14 people in a game , but only two really matter and they 're the two with the least amount of action . 
  catch the snitch and you win . 
  everything else is completely irrelevant, 
  back when the snitch was first added to quidditch ( sometime in the 1100 's iirc ) , brooms were far slower than modern ones like the nimbus or firebolt , so points were far more likely to get well beyond the point where a snitch guaranteed victory, 
   how rigged the house system is . 
  gryffindor wins every time for doing stupid shit . 
  sneak into forbidden parts if the school with no backup ? 
  160 points !, 
  ravenclaw ? 
  fuck you guys !, 
  you can be important a grand total of never !, 
  slytherin ? 
  if you 're there , we all hate you because stereotypes are going to force you into a villain . 
  it 's mentioned in philosopher 's stone that slytherin have held the house cup for the past seven years prior , so in the hp universe houses just seem to build up positive feedback loops with regards to points . 
  also , i do n't recall gryffindor winning the house cup specifically in 3-6 ( just three quidditch cups , which is skill based ) , and in 7 the cup would have been cancelled for obvious reasons , so 2/6 is n't representative of bias . 
   security . 
  in the first book alone a fucking troll is smuggled in . 
  it 's not like they 're stealthy . 
  they 're massive , smelly , loud , clumsy , and stupid . 
  i mean , come on !, 
  when you have the greatest dark wizard of all time on your side , getting one dark creature in probably is n't too hard . 
  since the hogwarts alarms are n't constantly clanging in the presence of dementors in prisoner , they may not even go off unless something is harmed . 
   hide it behind a door that can be unlocked by a first year spell . 
  i doubt dumbledore knows any anti-alohomora spells voldemort ca n't break through, 
   guard with a dog that can be put to sleep with simple music , as opposed to , oh , a fucking dragon !, 
  given that in goblet it takes a team of twenty wizards to keep the horntail subdued ( even cutting it down to 10-15 for a lesser dragon ) , using one would mean revealing the secret of the philosopher 's stone ( or even just that something secret is hidden there ) to an unnecessary number of people . 
   plants that are taught in first-year biology . 
  herbology does n't seem to be a very popular subject ( neville is basically the only one who especially enjoys it ) , plus most students/wizards would end up forgetting their first year knowledge on the basis of thinking they 'll never meet a devil 's snare , so banking on knowledge of it would n't be the worst idea ever, 
   a chess game . 
  any dark wizard would just reducto the crap out of those chess pieces and continue on their way . 
  i 'd wager mcgonagall would know how to reinforce chess pieces to the point where basic damage spells would n't work , and time wasted figuring out what advanced spell works means more time for the good guys to show up, 
   a key puzzle . 
  accio key . 
  need i say more ? 
  anti accio enchantments exist ( like the ones voldemort put on his horcruxes ) making that a moot point, 
   potion puzzle . 
  first of all , aguemeni . 
  second of all , voldemort could easily walk through fire . 
  or just use the logic puzzle . 
  it 's not like it 's hard to do . 
  first off , aguamenti can be magically nullified ( when harry tries filling up the poison goblet in half blood prince , nothing appears ) , so it would n't work to put out the fire anyway . 
  second , the fire would be magic fire ( since it does n't have a fuel source ) , which would be hard to walk through . 
  third , voldemort is n't as good at logic puzzles as he wants to be ( a team of 17 year olds could track down half his horcruxes on their own ) , so he 'd waste time attempting to figure it out , which again leaves time for good guy backup . 
   and finally , the mirror .
