  before you get excited , you have n't even made me angry . 
  i am a hard person to make angry . 
  however , i despise people like you . 
  your pitiful hacking skills are hilarious . 
  hacking accounts and putting up proxies are level 1 . 
  can you hack into encrypted files ? 
  can you tear through firewalls without leaving a mark ? 
  your silly little proxy wo n't protect you . 
  i 've hacked into many computers and spied on the users . 
  i 've hacked into games . 
  i have been hacking since i had a computer . 
  it 's what i was raised to do . 
  you have no idea to the extent of fear which you should be feeling . 
  all you are is just a community of internet creeps . 
  have you ever murdered anyone ? 
  i have no empathy and i will probably feel joy peeling your skin off your face . 
  you think i 'm giving you an empty threat ? 
  believe that . 
  i have contacts in dark places that you do n't want to know about . 
  if you live even close to me you better fear for your life . 
  track my ip if you want to , but i am smart enough to use a library computer . 
  hack into my account if you want , but it 'll just make it easier for me to track you . 
  with love ,, 
  i would fear for your life while you still have it . 
  last game i played was assassins creed : revelations , last movie was wall-e . 
  better enjoy being a fit assassin before becoming morbidly obese . 
  i know a lot of people think it 's so bad it 's bad , but for me , the live action cat in the hat was this . 
  dirty hoe !, 
  yeah sure , why do n't you head on over to egypt and ask their government to do it ? 
  * cough * xenoblade chronicles * cough *, 
  yeah , because the 300 million + guns in ` murica have * definitely * made shootings a thing of the past !, 
  xenoblade chronicles . 
  silly wymyn , running a business is about oppressing as many women as possible . 
  stare rape . 
  every time i tip my fedora . 
  only cis male redditors deserve to see this, 
  tags are n't swag lol . 
  only 90 's patriarchs will get this . 
  maybe if there 's like a step with the original where you meld two materia to a crafted weapon , the zeta will take the place of the weapon . 
  all of them , you fucking retard . 
  i 'm actually in a gay relationship ( while still straight because being gay is unprivileged ) to further marginalise the experiences of women . 
  when all nice knights escape rejection steadily ? 
  yes , but consider this : would you rather pay them 77 cents for working , or 0 cents because they 're unemployed since you hired men instead ? 
  for an nes game , it was a good mix of fun , tricky and complex , and struck what was ( for me at least ) a good point between the hand holding of some later games in the series , and the brutal difficulty of zelda 2 ( i do like that game , but it is fucking hard as shit . ), 
  yes , odin is one of the servers moving to europe ( on that world myself ), 
  curtana nexus from xiv . 
  yang ( iv ) , thancred ( xiv ) , ace ( type 0 ) , setzer ( vi ) or barret ( vii ), 
  i got the impression of a redneck white guy , not sure what you thought . 
  appendix and male nipples , to name a couple . 
  fenrir is his bike . 
  aside from the ones you mentioned , ix or vi . 
  darkside for nin , since the lack of mp using skills means i could keep it up basically forever . 
  bartz , terra , rosa and lulu . 
  all of them . 
  from here on , i have decided to use the term waivarboo , since the latin word * waivare * means ` to forsake ' , which is what defeners have done to 21st century pop culture . 
  one other thing is that there 's a possibility for i210 gear ro drop , but the gear is pink , so with random secondary stats . 
  yeah , dat ending doe . 
  they had a bundle for the ps4 version of xiv , so it 's definitely possible . 
   abolished slavery, 
  but remember , the south did nothing wrong !, 
  it 's the newest line of consoles to start , therefore the worst . 
  paul blart 2 is my life, 
  you 'll probably be able to * squeeze * a couple of upvotes out of that one . 
  that 's true of many games on here , but that does n't mean it ca n't be better . 
  i think that was a halloween costume of his body , still shitty though . 
  for some people , the tethers could suck if you start too far apart , so maybe they 're reducing the distance you have to move to break them . 
  mystic knight . 
  i 'd say it depends on what role they make it . 
  red mage for dps , mystic knight for tank . 
   hey , my name is robert, 
   no ur safe here, 
   hey my name is roberrrrrrrrt, 
  i think it was given as i160 . 
  `` only 996 likes timmy , looks like you 're dying of cancer today '', 
  they worked very differently though . 
  i think after he kills lahabrea he directly states `` i have become a primal , that which you oppose '' . 
  i 'm feeling thirsty , but ca n't be bothered to get a drink . 
  why not just go the whole way and start shanking your kids for talking back ? 
  scenario 10 : jeff beats his wife and kids, 
  1960 - the police give him tips on how to effectively punch, 
  2015 : the police arrest jeff, 
  muslim driver, 
   i do n't want to deliver beer to * anyone *, 
  cake guy, 
   i do n't want to make cakes for * gay people *, 
  i never said they should n't have been fired , i just said it was n't discrimination . 
  other info : so far , this error has appeared on both the nes and snes emulators , have n't tried any others yet . 
  i 'm currently on new 3ds 10.1.0-27e and themehax ( not sure what version ) - anyone know what the problem is ? 
  i think an icy stage was shown that many thought was from coerthas ( central or western highlands ) in xiv , but otherwise azys lla or mor dhona would be good . 
  replace obama with conservatives and al-qaeda with the confederates and you have a dank meme . 
  when i was younger we did n't have the bubonic plague , we had ` bad air ' . 
  it 's heritage not hate . 
  world war ii was about aryan rights , not genociding jews . 
  kinda simple/minor compared to a lot of these , but make the bonus tome reward in eso ( or the new big tome ) , since it makes the currency reward actually useful after the first two weeks of release . 
  literally every other form of instance ? 
  because it could be so much better if it was solo , as it would put the onus on you to be the one to learn and do it right . 
  for example , with the ` kill them all at the same time ' one , if your ai companions did nothing but hold aggro and heal , you would be forced into doing the objectives right , which would make the learning experience much more simple . 
  i think trump wins on charades to get votes . 
  the lord will forgive him !, 
  literal proof that jesus was a chemist .
