  so if i were to die and be separated from him , i 'd feel no different . 
  yes . 
  what is often called sentience is actually sapience , the ability to act with judgement and not instinct . 
  my inner historian had a heart attack . 
  `` surely , there are some teens and children who will identify with such stories . '', 
  sure . 
  just like there are some teens and children who will identify with stories about osama bin laden removing the christian infidels from the world . 
  but now you have more time to stay inside and fight the patriarchy from the comfort of your home . 
  they 're still only level 2 . 
  only 98 levels to go !, 
  i identify as a shark-kin , so this is very oppressive . 
  as a neo nazi , this is offensive . 
  what are you gon na do , shoot them ? 
  blue ipad . 
  and jesus is mountain dew . 
  why do you hate gaben ? 
  he did n't release hl3 !, 
  so you admit gaben is real ? 
  which means that he is not omnipotent . 
  omnipotence means literally everything , not everything minus the impossible stuff . 
  add plz . 
  i 'd fund the ffrf . 
  it 's ok , but it 's not really about the genetics , more about insulting his wife 's family . 
  morality and law are two different things . 
  the point of morals is that you should want to follow them , but with the law you have to follow it . 
  saying stuff like `` this nature looks so beautiful , it is proof of god ! '', 
  my response : `` what have you been smoking ? '', 
  there is an / r/navysealcopypasta . 
  because they ca n't be replicated . 
  if someone claims to have seen a ufo , that is just an anecdote and ca n't be proven . 
  same for god . 
  a dynasty warriors style of game set in the book of revelations , where you play as jesus and have to cleave through swarms of lesser demons to battle satan , leviathan , behemoth , ziz etc. 
  and people die from overdoses . 
  i found thor in a dream . 
  that does n't make it valid . 
  can you prove that it was prayer that did that ? 
  unlikely does not equal impossible . 
  if i prayed to roll a 15 on a 20 sided dice , that is pretty unlikely , but if it happened that does not mean god did it . 
  because you claimed that you got something unlikely as a result of prayer , so , i asked you to prove that it was prayer . 
  instead of providing evidence , you tried to invalidate the whole argument , and failed . 
  then why put those passages in the bible . 
  seems redundant if they have no true meaning . 
  and they were actually spoken by jesus , so you ca n't claim a disciple added it there 4 teh lulz . 
  how could you ask to cure cancer for the wrong reasons ? 
  that seems like a pretty selfless request ( unless you have cancer and just want to live ) . 
  and if god 's will is for approximately 585,720 deaths in the us alone ( according to http://www.cancer.org/research/cancerfactsstatistics/cancerfactsfigures2014/ ) , then he has a pretty evil and cruel will . 
  i asked his noodliness to have oxygen to breathe and it happened . 
  does that mean that he gave it to me ? 
  many of those are metaphors , although i am not sure how many are . 
  also , very few of them are unambiguously proof of god answering them , since taking the cities were probably just skills as a strategist and warrior , and the ones that are unambiguous ( such as the women who received back their dead ) , there is no historical evidence to prove they happened . 
  also , on an unrelated point , how can you have a relationship with someone who has never spoken to you ? 
  the point of a good relationship is that you put out for the other person , which god is clearly able to do , but he just ca n't be bothered . 
  what kind of relationship is it where you basically talk to yourself for your whole life , and basically act as a slave or risk eternal torture ? 
  why would wanting people to live be bad ? 
  and the current death rate per 1000 people per year is 8.9 , which means that a lot of people had prayer not work for them . 
  god invented sin . 
  because they cause pain to others . 
  can you prove that those modern examples were unambiguously a result of prayer ? 
  and you are not a slave to good or evil , you are a slave to god . 
  he is the one who forces you into eternal torture if you dare to question him , not yourself . 
  he 's a dictator just like kim jong un , except his followers somehow believe he is right . 
  because you would n't want it to happen to you . 
  just because people believe that prayer works does n't make it work . 
  also , the point is perfectly valid , since both will condemn you to harsh punishment for things that are unjust . 
  wrong reply bro . 
  `` i prayed for skin cancer to end , and god destroyed the sun '', 
  morality comes from not doing to others what you would not want done to you , and from what will help humanity thrive best . 
  obviously , you would n't want to be murdered , so you do n't murder . 
  it 's already useless . 
  you missed the part about humanity thriving . 
  sometimes , it is most moral to put someone in jail to save others from having their morality violated . 
  but jail is finite . 
  hell is infinite . 
  people are put in jail so they can learn from their mistakes ( except in the case of people like serial killers , whereas people go to hell because god decides that they deserve infinite punishment . 
  and in heaven , why would someone commit a crime ? 
  they could just snap their fingers and get what they want . 
  religion has provided no measurable benefit for me , or anyone i know . 
  none of the good parts of religion can only be achieved through religion . 
  just because they do n't repent of their wrongdoing does n't mean they will do it again . 
  they might just decide that it is more practical for them to stay out of jail . 
  and god commits so many atrocities in the bible , with no justification . 
  and we only know god is benevolent because of bible verses , which could easily have been fabricated . 
  repent is defined as ` to feel or express sincere regret or remorse about one 's wrongdoing or sin . 
  ' , not to never to it again . 
  there is too many things god did that are wrong to count , but here are a choice few : cursing the entire human race for eating an apple , destroying entire cities for having some gays , killing all the first borns of egypt for not painting blood on a door , sends bears to kill 42 boys for calling a soldier bald , and so many more . 
  you might say that morals are something that can only be achieved through religion , but if you say that then you believe all atheists are soulless monsters with no morals . 
  you might also argue that religion provides charities for less privileged people , but , as the bill and melinda gates foundation proves , that is not necessary . 
  you might also argue that religion provides comfort for those who have suffered loss , but you could just see a psychologist or visit a secular group . 
  you might also argue that religion provides a place for people to meet up and chat , but there are dozens of non religious places to do that . 
  ultimately , the only good and exclusive thing religion has to offer is saving you from eternal torture , but , that would be like me telling you joining the death eaters will prevent you from being killed by voldemort . 
  i meant practical , everyday uses , not mystic heavenly uses . 
  to get something done . 
  that 's why people pray to cure themselves or relatives of an illness , or to find their car keys . 
  if it is really communicating , then why have you never heard a response from him ? 
  and would n't a better why of affirming his sovereignity and might be saying `` hey god , i affirm your sovereignity and might '' then saying `` hey god , please make world peace '' ? 
  i guess that the sumerian gods such as ishkur and nergal are the true gods , since the sumerians and mesopotamians had some of the first known gods . 
  the creator of the fsm has not gained much wealth from his position , when compared to the billions owned by the vatican . 
  the fsm makes no claims that are less logical than the bible, 
  nihilists believe life has no meaning , not that nothing exists . 
  does this mean masochists can go cause pain to others , because they also do it to themselves ?
