  what up my tigga ? 
  i always knew tumblr would be the end of the world . 
  if someone is going to rape you , telling them that you 'll falsely accuse them of rape wo n't really help . 
  i 'm going on holiday from my bed to my lounge downstairs . 
  how does op know they are cis ? 
  did xer ask them ? 
  did they boldly announce to the bus that they are cis and planning to oppress every trans person they meet ? 
  i can make my own one : social justice warrior \u2229 sane , rational and normal = \u2205, 
  add a 9 year old wife and an rpg battle with george bush and obama . 
  also bring on the mail bombs . 
  make sure to add my name to the credits so i can piss off the 2 people who see this game and are terrorists . 
  why be redundant and put sexism and misogyny ? 
  unless they actually think misandry does real , they 're the same thing , since i doubt their family had enough bad luck to hear about nan0boys . 
   note : this term is only to be used by neurodivergent people . 
  i guess i 'll just call you insane then . 
  1 in 1 tumblrinas are idiots . 
  at least they moved it down to 1 in 6 instead of 1 in 4 . 
  rekoras . 
  swiggity swekt , someone just got rekt . 
  maybe tumblr thinks atheists are disabled because they ca n't say ` oh my god ' and mean it . 
  i 'm going amd now . 
  i was just doing it for the lolz , i actually use intel . 
  yeah but tumblr only cares about not offending muslims . 
  i guess i should check my atheist privilege now . 
  stop being a truscum , evil trans man who still has all his white male privilege !, 
  can confirm , am male asshole . 
  all aboard the hype train !, 
  til that only autistic people never get jokes . 
  oh look , jews are poc again . 
  everyone knows that hitler was part of the pc master race , and that he used nazism as an excuse to exterminate the jewish console peasants . 
  damn son where 'd you find this ? 
   is it just me or are feminist anecdote articles sounding more and more like the ` marine punches out atheist professor and plane passengers begin a slow clap in support of our troops '' fake viral stories that get emailed around ? 
  no because the brave feminist was n't albert einstein . 
  he is using a glorious pc with an intel core i5 processor connected to his tv since glorious pcs can do that and a microsoft xbox controller because using the peasant 's input devices against them is glorious to play some glorious star citizen . 
  checkmate peasants . 
  it 's part of the atheist professor one even though einstein was an agnostic and then a pantheist . 
  well seeing as some people think stalin was good , it 's right on par with the expectations . 
  world of darkness to get an encrypted tomestone , and main scenario . 
  maybe radfems are agents of the heteronormative patriarchy trying to make everyone straight again . 
  i got 6.5 / 9 , which only make me a partial shitlord . 
  my sides have split so much that they bent 360 degrees into a new smaller side . 
  til that lesbians have never gotten horny for girls . 
   then who 's it even for ? 
  i 'd say it 's for the normal women who want the same rights and equality with men . 
   `` do n't say that shit !, 
  nicolas cage wo n't let him die '', 
  * he dies *, 
   `` it was all part of god 's plan '', 
  hopefully all the fundamentalists will refuse the practise and die of old age , while us atheists stand there smug and theoretically immortal . 
  dopefrancis ' 5th commandment : honour thine mother and father , and also honour my mother or i 'll smack the shit out of you . 
  literally everything about hermione as a character is made better if she 's black . 
   made fun of for hair ? 
  til that only black people get mocked for hair . 
   ppl ca n't pronounce her name and do n't care enough to try ? 
  only viktor krum ca n't pronounce her name , and he actually tries hard to learn it . 
   casual , overt , and institutionalized racism ? 
  although the divide between muggles and wizards seems like it was meant to be about racism , that does n't mean they have to be direct about it . 
   rage over house elves ? 
  that would make her an ally , not a victim of the group . 
   fight me . 
  i would , but you 'd collapse in a ball and mutter about oppression and triggers before i land a single punch . 
  well at least i 'm higher up than a console peasant . 
  macs : cmd + shift + 3 screenshots , replace 3 with 4 and you can get one particular part of the screen . 
  us neckbeard-kin are being oppressed by not finding any m ` lady-kins despite being really nice kins . 
  well there was that easter egg in the credits for prisoner of azkaban when you can see the two pairs of footprints doing ... something in the corner . 
  i can fap to this . 
  so , gay marriage leads to straight marriage . 
  seems legit . 
  right now , bravely default and smash bros. 
  well played tumblr , well played . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dqw4w9wgxcq ) is my counter argument , which i feel crushes their entire point . 
  / u/mattster00 and his fantastic guide to determining of you live in a dystopia !, 
  step 1 : proclaim loudly in a public space `` i fucking hate * insert possible dystopia here * '' !, 
  step 2 : check to see if the thought police are dragging you off to room 101 to psychologically torture you into liking the country, 
  if yes , you live in a dystopia . 
  if no , you 're just upset the president is n't an arabic demisexual pan-asian transgendered nan0boy tree-kin . 
  homework is a tool of the capitalistic patriarchy designed to oppress poor innocent xers who just want to spend time begging for money on patreon and complaining about fictional characters , shitlord !, 
   albert owl fucking einstein, 
  ftfy . 
  what do you mean villain , this guy is clearly a hero . 
  that is extremely racist . 
  why should part of a majority poc country be pushed up , instead of a filthy capitalistic white male stronghold like america ? 
  yes , but you missed the part ` as with a pc ' , which implies playing a potato as if it were the superior experience , as a loyal member of the pc master race like us would do on a pc . 
  praise him !, 
  make polders . 
  city state will become your ally and make every tile polders . 
  praise him !, 
  a 150 day sale would be incredible . 
  apparently it takes all creeps less than a second to find a victim and commit the rape/torture/murder . 
  eurasia is just a name for countries like turkey and russia that are in europe and asia . 
  europe is peace . 
  beatboxing is slavery . 
  i think elibidus says that if you truly understood the echo , you would be on their side , which implies that they have the echo and truly understand it . 
  so , based on the challenge posted [ here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/3b8tpxm.png ) :, 
  why jews are disgusting, 
  they breed, 
  they are seen as normal, 
  they eat meat, 
  they own pets, 
  they are rich,
