  robin then casually asks spencer how he can hate someone that does n't exist . 
  in the end , mike ( paul kwo ) , a converted peasant whose father had encouraged him not to build a gaming pc , stands up and says `` gaben not dead . '', 
  almost the entire class follows mike 's lead , causing spencer to leave the room in defeat . 
  against the backdrop of the debates , a series of peripherally related subplots develop . 
  spencer dates christen coomer ( cory oliver ) , a pc master racer whom he often belittles in front of his fellow peasant colleagues . 
  her brother kazuo hirai ( dean cain ) , a successful businessman and peasant , refuses to visit their mother , who suffers from lag . 
  kazuo 's girlfriend , bronwen ( trisha lafache ) , is a left-joystick blogger who writes articles critical of valve . 
  when she is diagnosed with motion blur , kazuo dumps her . 
  a nintendo serf student named karen ( hadeel sittu ) secretly converts to the master race and is disowned by her father when he finds out . 
  after the final debate , robin invites mike to attend the counter-terrorists concert that is in town . 
  spencer reads a letter from his late mother , and is moved to reconcile with christen . 
  bronwen confronts the counter-terrorists in their dressing room , only to admit that she wants to get to know gaben . 
  while on his way to find christen , spencer is struck by a car and fatally injured . 
  reverend matthew ( david a. r. white ) finds him and guides him in becoming a pc master racer as he dies . 
  kazuo at last visits his mother , only to taunt her ; she responds that all of his low speeds was given to him by sony . 
  as the film ends , the counter-terrorists play a video clip of sid meier congratulating robin . 
  the counter-terrorists then play their song `` worth the weight '' , dedicating it to robin . 
  got the names of several valve employees [ here ] ( http://www.valvesoftware.com/company/people.html ) . 
  i 've seen many posts similar , and people rationalise it by saying stuff like `` god would never ask that '' or `` he 'd stop me at the last moment '' . 
  so , i 'm going to be more specific . 
  what if god asked you to kill your child , and he would n't get you to back out at the last moment , and he was doing it ` just because ' , and if you did n't do it , you would have disobeyed god and thereby committed yourself to hell ? 
  and would your child be justified in trying to avoid their own death ? 
  i 'm sure many of you have heard the classic `` can god make a rock so heavy he ca n't lift it '' , or the problem of evil . 
  but , i have several more . 
  if god ca n't kill himself , then he is not omnipotent . 
  if he can kill himself , he can die , which means he is n't omnipotent or eternal, 
  if god is omniscient , then he ca n't forget anything , because that would make him not omniscient . 
  however , if he ca n't forget , then he ca n't remember or recollect something . 
  therefore , he is n't omniscient , because he does n't know what it is like to remember or recollect something, 
  god ca n't sin , because that would make him not omnibenevolent . 
  however , if he ca n't sin , then he is not omnipotent , and he has n't experienced what it is like to sin , therefore making him not omniscient . 
  god is omnibenevolent , yet he tortures people for eternity . 
  a omnipotent , omniscient , omnibenevolent could think of a better way to punish sinners , would have the power to do it , and be good enough to act on it . 
  ( not about god ) i 've seen people say that there is free will in heaven , yet you wo n't want to sin , then why did satan sin ? 
  surely a human would be more likely to sin in heaven than an angel ? 
  and if over time satan became corrupted in heaven , why could n't a human ? 
  can god be omnibenevolent and murder all the first born children of egypt ? 
  or wager job 's family , animals and servants on a bet with satan that job would still like him ? 
  or flood the entire world ? 
  early christianity was structurally and behaviorally a textbook doomsday cult . 
  jesus was the cult leader , the 12 apostles were the original members . 
  led by charismatic speaker ( jesus ), 
  claims world is ending imminently ( john 2:18 , matthew 16:28 , matthew 24:34 , entire book of revelations ), 
  wants you to give away belongings and follow him ( luke 14:33 , matthew 19:21 , luke 18:22 ), 
  wants you to cut off family who interfere ( matt . 
  10:35 -37 , luke 14:26 , matthew 19:29 ), 
  unverifiable reward if you believe ( heaven ), 
  unverifiable punishment if you disbelieve ( hell ), 
  invisible trickster to explain away contrary evidence ( satan ), 
  it works very much like a chain letter , multilevel marketing or a computer virus . 
  this is a very old routine people were pulling well before jesus came along and which people still pull today ( david koresh , wayne bent , jim jones , marshall applewhite , etc ) jesus was one of the few whose cult outlived his death . 
  christians commonly recognize this is the origin of mormonism , islam and scientology but to the best of my knowledge do not recognize it is also true of christianity . 
  they may argue mormonism and islam derived from christianity , but christianity derived from judaism in the same fashion . 
  surely a lesser being would be more prone to such a delusion of grandeur than a higher being like an angel ? 
  and if you argue `` but a christian who truly believes god is the lord would never do such a thing '' then remember that satan was once one of the highest angels of all , who served god all his life ( if angels are alive ) . 
  he knew god personally , and worked with him . 
  so if such a being could rebel against him , then why could n't a once human do that ? 
  option a : something is moral because god does it . 
  response a : in that case , murdering children , flooding the world ( however difficult that would be for a human ) , and torture are perfectly acceptable things . 
  option b : god does something because it is moral . 
  response b : in that case , there was a preconceived idea of what is moral , and god came to possess that knowledge somehow . 
  option c : god does whatever the hell he wants , but expects us to follow a set of laws he pulled out of his metaphorical ass . 
  response c : sounds suspiciously like the behaviour of a tyrannical dictator . 
  if god does n't follow his own laws , why should we ? 
  in an ideal , democratic society , the leaders would be bound by the same laws as the common folk . 
  option d : god acknowledges that what he does is wrong , but tries to give us laws so that we can be good . 
  response d : this could work , but why should we worship someone who is n't omnibenevolent ? 
  option e : shut up , stop questioning god and get back to praying . 
  response e : no . 
  either, 
  a. nicolas cage does n't know the future at all , and the biblical prophecies were a huge coincidence . 
  the prophecies never came true . 
  c. nicolas cage only knows part of the future , which means he is n't omniscient , since he has shown he can know the future but does n't know all of it . 
  d. nicolas cage knows the whole future , and you have no free will . 
  e. god gave someone else the power of foresight to make the prophecies , meaning they had a power god did n't , meaning god is not omnipotent . 
  because you do n't need birth control to fuck 12 year old boys . 
  checkmate catholics !, 
  god does ded !, 
  oh , and before i forget ... 
  * tips fedora *, 
  what the fuck did you just fucking say about me , you little fundie ? 
  i 'll have you know i graduated top of my class in the freedom from religion foundation , and i 've been involved in numerous secret raids on the vatican , and i have over 300 confirmed conversions . 
  i am trained in black science guy warfare and i 'm the top fedora tipper in the entire secular students alliance . 
  you are nothing to me but just another fundie . 
  i will logic you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this created through random natural processes earth , mark my fucking words . 
  you think you can get away with saying that shit to me over le reddit ? 
  think again , fucker . 
  as we speak i am contacting my secret network of gentlesirs across the usa and your bible study group is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm , fundie . 
  the storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your faith . 
  you 're fucking stupid , kid . 
  i can be anywhere , anytime , and i can convert you in over seven hundred ways , and that 's just with my bare knowledge . 
  not only am i extensively trained in unarmed debating , but i have access to the entire library of the american humanist association and i will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable beliefs off the face of the universe , you little fundie . 
  if only you could have known what rational retribution your little `` pious '' comment was about to bring down upon you , maybe you would have held your fucking tongue . 
  but you could n't , you did n't , and now you 're paying the price , you dawkins damn idiot . 
  i will shit rationality all over you and you will drown in it . 
  you 're fucking dead , m ` lady . 
  * tips fedora *, 
  `` you have heard that it was said to the people long ago , ` do not murder , and anyone who murders will be subject to judgment . ' but i tell you that anyone who is angry with his brother will be subject to judgment . 
  again , anyone who says to his brother , ` raca , ' is answerable to the sanhedrin . 
  but anyone who says , ` you fool ! ' will be in danger of the fire of hell .
