  they have privilege, 
  they do n't check their privilege, 
  they are ugly, 
  their vaginas and penises are gross, 
  if you like jews, 
  get off my blog, 
  jewies are gross, 
  they never use my correct pronouns, 
  die jew scum, 
  you donated it to the oppress all trans people fund set up by tia and gamergate . 
  before going , take a bath in a bathtub full of le mountain dew and crushed dorito while reading le god delusion . 
  the combination of all three will enlighten you with your own intelligence so much that no phony god can enlighten you anymore !, 
  spoken like a true / b/tard !, 
  [ r/nocontext ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/4chan/comments/2tobp3/tv_discusses_lotr/co10a8k?context=n ), 
  i 'm really feeling it !, 
   what did the devout believer say after he succeeded ? 
  nothing because devout believers never succeed !, 
   boots up 1 % quicker, 
  omg gender and kintype are two different things shitlord !, 
  my favourites right now include ifrit , leviathan , titan , the theme for diabolos , avere and the new boss ak hm , gilgamesh , the theme for regular bosses in binding coil , the theme for acheron/plegethon , xande and cerberus in ct , and the theme for the praetorium . 
  2 or x. 
   i 'm inviting you all to eat the deepest part of my ass, 
  [ ketsui wo taberu ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cgffqyi5qgk ), 
  til that australia being shrunk as well do n't real . 
  apparantly every time a trans person dies , it benefits me somehow . 
  it was just an atheist teenager who greatly values his intelligence and scientific fact over any silly fiction book written 3,500 years ago , can you believe it ? 
  seriously , how can you be so clueless that you * do n't * know that silent hill is a horror game , with p.t and everything ? 
  too bad that will never happen . 
  or tumblr-itis . 
  if meninists were serious and not doing it for the ayy lmaos , it would actually be masculism , but of course on tumblr feels before researching . 
  once upon a time , after the ugly barnacle killed everyone , there was a handsome oyster . 
  he was so handsome , that everyone came back from the dead . 
  the end . 
  jeff sipped his coffee , as he stared , bored out of his mind , at the screen . 
  it was a very dull job , monitering the probes and rovers sent out by the international space agency . 
  some of his co-workers got the best jobs monitering probes out on planets orbiting stars like alpha centauri , or even further , due to the advent of quantum light signals , but he always got stuck babysitting probes on boring planets like mars or pluto sent up to collect samples for rich people , or confirming already proven theories . 
  sometimes he thought his boss hated him , but he could never prove it . 
  as he checked the mars probe sensors one last time , he heard what seemed to be a faint , yet deliberate tapping . 
  with a start , he realised it was morse code . 
  `` looks like that stint in the army could finally paid off '' he thought to himself , as he began deciphering the message . 
  `` i 'm ... still ... here '' he mouthed to himself . 
  he thought about what that could possibly mean . 
  who was possibly on mars , when no humans had been in space after ... 
  `` that 's it ! '', 
  he exclaimed with a start . 
  the manned mission !, 
  about five years ago to the day , a manned mission to mars was planned , using the new superior ionic engine patented by google , yet given to the isa for free . 
  the mission had almost made it fine to mars , yet a failure in the engine caused the ship to explode within range of the moon deimos , killing all four of the astronauts . 
  `` but how could anyone have survived that ? '', 
  jeff thought inquisitively , since with the hawking space telescope , they saw the ship completely vapourise in mid air . 
  jeff was still curious about the message , yet with the audio broadcasting technology damaged by a micro asteroid on the way , he had to resort to using the terrible quality synthesised voice with text messages sent using one of the slowest providers with the isa . 
  `` who is this '' ? 
  asked the monotone voice of the probe . 
  `` thank god , someone finally responded '' !, 
  a voice cried out with noticeable relief . 
  `` you have to send someone . 
  we 're running out of time . 
  they 're coming ! '', 
  the voice said , an air of panic easily recognisable . 
  `` slow down a minute there , '' replied jim feeling utterly perplexed , `` who is this '' ? 
  `` it 's commander robert lin '' the voice stated . 
  `` robert lin ! '', 
  jeff thought to himself with a start !, 
  he was one of the astronauts on the manned mission . 
  `` robert lin from the manned mission ? 
  how have you survived this long ? '', 
  `` i got food off the ship before it exploded . 
  but that 's not the important part . 
  listen , you have to warn someone ! '', 
  `` about what '' ? 
  jeff replied quizzically . 
  `` about * them * . 
  listen , the fault with the ionic engine ? 
  that was n't google 's fault , it was them . 
  they 've been planning this for decades , they 're going to ... '', 
  and that was all jeff heard before a loud crashing noise rocked through the speakers , as if the probe 's microphone was shot or something . 
  jeff began hearing snatches of conversation , increasing in panic with every word ,, 
  `` after crash ... . nearly dead ... . captured ... invasion ... . . all dead ... wandered for days ... . searching for help ... warn the government ... ! '', 
  that last part was cut short , as if robert had suddenly been stopped short . 
  jeff began feeling a profound sense of dread at what he might hear next . 
  after a while , he heard what sounded like a body being dragged away , and another voice , so soft he might have imagined it , yet sent shivers down his spine :, 
  and then there was static . 
  blacks , if we do n't get ourselves together , will eventually become like the native americans ... a distant memory . 
  native americans still exist . 
  blacks exist on other planets . 
  unless black people have invented interplanetary flight and kept it from everyone else ( not just whites ) , that means black people are aliens and therefore not human . 
  whites will need our melanin in some fashion in order to survive . 
  sure , with global warming , having more melanin could be * beneficial * , but if we reach the point where more melanin is necessary , then i think all humans will have died from another cause . 
  your white doctor , dentist , politician , schoolteacher and farmer are either aware or in on the `` eugenics plan '' . 
  i can imagine a bunch of white politicians sitting in a huddle at the un discussing this when obama shows up , and is like `` hey guys , what are you talking about '' ? 
  and then they 're all like `` shut up obama ! '', 
  new and incurable diseases will be carried by flying insects . 
  i do n't know what that has to do with white people , but it 's possible that one could be, 
  historically black colleges will eventually become entirely white . 
  well yeah , because it 's not like black people were given affirmative action into historically white colleges or anything . 
  sell-out blacks who are paid large sums of money to keep quiet will eventually be exterminated . 
  would n't it make more sense to exterminate the ones who do n't keep quiet ? 
  homosexuality will be taught to our children in pre-school . 
  i thougt sjw 's glorified homosexuality ? 
  and if by ` teach ' you mean , ` tell people it exists ' then it would probably be ok , but not if they graphically described it .
