  you are internet trash . 
  i 'm so fucking sick of reddit being filled with absolute cyber-bullying trash like you . 
  no matter how great you make yourself out to be , psychologically ... the only thing that explains your behavior is that you 're 1 . a proven and unredeemable piece of shit or 2 . 
  so unhappy with something in your life and so bad at handling your fucking emotions that you ca n't even speak to people like human fucking beings so long as something embarrassing happened to them . 
  you are absolute trash . 
  i 've been dead for 3 minutes . 
  i do n't give a shit what you think about that or if anyone believes me . 
  i know what it 's like to be away from the world . 
  you deserve it . 
  i hope you walk out the road today and get fucking killed . 
  edit : honestly , nothing felt better than stooping to your level for just a second . 
  i do n't hope you die . 
  but i love thinking about the fact that some energy like you could be just immediately vanquished . 
  you 're so small and weak . 
  op spoke to you with respect when he did n't have to . 
  remember that and i hope you feel great about yourself . 
  guns are for killing , full stop . 
  even justified killing is still killing . 
  do n't forget the illegally immigrating and promoting sharia . 
  til that the reason gay people have sex is a futile attempt to have children . 
  i think windows is enough giving back from gates . 
  depends whether you mean hq as in high definition or good quality . 
  it should be noted that i 've upvoted every single person who 's disagreed with me here , as far as i know . 
  that said . 
  in 7th grade , i took an sat test without preparing for it at all , it was spur-of-the-moment , i knew about it about an hour ahead of time and did n't do any research or anything . 
  i scored higher on it than the average person using it to apply for college in my area . 
  an iq test has shown me to be in the 99.9 th percentile for iq . 
  this is the highest result the test i was given reaches ; anything further and they 'd consider it to be within the margin of error for that test . 
  my mother 's boyfriend of 8 years is an aerospace engineer who graduated virginia tech . 
  at the age of 15 , i understand physics better than him , and i owe very little of it to him , as he would rarely give me a decent explanation of anything , just tell me that my ideas were wrong and become aggravated with me for not quite understanding thermodynamics . 
  he 's not particularly successful as an engineer , but i 've met lots of other engineers who are n't as good as me at physics , so i 'm guessing that 's not just a result of him being bad at it . 
  i 'm also pretty good at engineering . 
  i do n't have a degree , and other than physics i do n't have a better understanding of any aspect of engineering than any actual engineer , but i have lots of ingenuity for inventing new things . 
  for example , i independently invented regenerative brakes before finding out what they were , and i was only seven or eight years old when i started inventing wireless electricity solutions ( my first idea being to use a powerful infrared laser to transmit energy ; admittedly not the best plan ) . 
  i have independently thought of basically every branch of philosophy i 've come across . 
  every question of existentialism which i 've seen discussed in smbc or xkcd or reddit or anywhere else , the thoughts have n't been new to me . 
  philosophy has pretty much gotten trivial for me ; i 've considered taking a philosophy course just to see how easy it is . 
  psychology , i actually understand better than people with degrees . 
  unlike engineering , there 's no aspect of psychology which i do n't have a very good understanding of . 
  i can debunk many of even sigmund freud 's theories . 
  i 'm a good enough writer that i 'm writing a book and so far everybody who 's read any of it has said it was really good and plausible to expect to have published . 
  and that 's not just , like , me and family members , that counts strangers on the internet . 
  i 've heard zero negative appraisal of it so far ; people have critiqued it , but not insulted it . 
  i do n't know if that will suffice as evidence that i 'm intelligent . 
  i 'm done with it , though , because i 'd rather defend my maturity , since it 's what you 've spent the most time attacking . 
  the following are some examples of my morals and ethical code . 
  i believe firmly that everybody deserves a future . 
  if we were to capture hitler at the end of wwii , i would be against executing him . 
  in fact , if we had any way of rehabilitating him and knowing that he was n't just faking it , i 'd even support the concept of letting him go free . 
  this is essentially because i think that whoever you are in the present is a separate entity from who you were in the past and who you are in the future , and while your present self should take responsibility for your past self 's actions , it should n't be punished for them simply for the sake of punishment , especially if the present self regrets the actions of the past self and feels genuine guilt about them . 
  i do n't believe in judgement of people based on their personal choices as long as those personal choices are n't harming others . 
  i do n't have any issue with any type of sexuality whatsoever ( short of physically acting out necrophilia , pedophilia , or other acts which have a harmful affect on others - but i do n't care what a person 's fantasies consist of , as long as they recognize the difference between reality and fiction and can separate them ) . 
  i do n't have any issue with anybody over what type of music they listen to , or clothes they wear , etc. 
  i know that 's not really an impressive moral , but it 's unfortunately rare ; a great many people , especially those my age , are judgmental about these things . 
  i love everyone , even people i hate . 
  i wish my worst enemies good fortune and happiness . 
  rick perry is a vile , piece of shit human being , deserving of zero respect , but i wish for him to change for the better and live the best life possible . 
  i wish this for everyone . 
  i 'm pretty much a pacifist . 
  i 've taken a broken nose without fighting back or seeking retribution , because the guy stopped punching after that . 
  the only time i 'll fight back is if 1 ) the person attacking me shows no signs of stopping and 2 ) if i do n't attack , i 'll come out worse than the other person will if i do . 
  in other words , if fighting someone is going to end up being more harmful to them than just letting them go will be to me , i do n't fight back . 
  i 've therefore never had a reason to fight back against anyone in anything serious , because my ability to take pain has so far made it so that i 'm never in a situation where i 'll be worse off after a fight . 
  if i 'm not going to get any hospitalizing injuries , i really do n't care . 
  the only exception is if someone is going after my life . 
  even then , i 'll do the minimum amount of harm to them that i possibly can in protecting myself . 
  if someone points a gun at me and i can get out of it without harming them , i 'd prefer to do that over killing them . 
  i consider myself a nazi . 
  i do n't believe in enforced or uniform gender roles ; they may happen naturally , but they should never be coerced into happening unnaturally . 
  as in , the societal pressure for gender roles should really go , even if it 'll turn out that the majority of relationships continue operating the same way of their own accord . 
  i treat women with the same outlook i treat men , and never participate in the old reddit `` women are crazy '' circlejerk , because there are multiple women out there and each have different personalities just like there are multiple men out there and each with different personalities . 
  i do n't think you do much of anything except scare off the awesome women out there by going on and on about the ones who are n't awesome . 
  that does n't mean i look for places to victimize women , i just do n't believe it 's fair to make generalizations such as the one about women acting like everything 's ok when it 's really not ( and that 's a particularly harsh example , because all humans do that ) . 
  i 'm kind of tired of citing these examples and i 'm guessing you 're getting tired of reading them , if you 've even made it this far . 
  in closing , the people who know me in real life all respect me , as do a great many people in the reddit brony community , where i spend most of my time and where i 'm pretty known for being helpful around the community . 
  a lot of people in my segment of the community are depressed or going through hard times , and i spend a lot of time giving advice and support to people there . 
  yesterday someone quoted a case of me doing this in a post asking everyone what their favorite motivational/inspirational quote was , and that comment was second to the top , so i guess other people agreed ( though , granted , it was a pretty low-traffic post , only about a dozen competing comments ) . 
  and , uh , i 'm a pretty good moderator . 
  all that , and i think your behavior in this thread was totally assholish . 
  so what do you think , now that you at least slightly know me ? 
  oh shut the fuck up with this stupid fedora shit . 
  children . 
  no self-respecting adult would seriously consider that an insult . 
  at this point , it 's just stupid and redundant . 
  whatever excuse , whatever reply you have is not good enough at this point . 
  it is so unbelievably unoriginal , so uninspired and baseless and totally unrelatable to anyone with a normal social life that it 's just pathetic coming from anyone who uses that expression and it makes you ultimately pathetic . 
  nothing can redeem you now . 
  absolutely nothing is worse than a man regurgitating the same unoriginal useless bullshit endlessly . 
  you have become a part of a moldy network of shitbags who think that an awkward clothing choice is a legitimate point or a comment you should be wasting your time away making . 
  tl ; dr , ` fedora ' , none of that will make you clever or smart or will get on my nerves . 
  you 're so sad now that literally nothing about who you are can save you from this moment . 
  you were a part of the one of the most embarrassing parts of the internet which is the group of imbeciles who think that fedoras are funny . 
  you think i wear one ? 
  you think i give a shit ? 
  you think i give a shit who you are or what you comment back ? 
  you think i cared if you read this whole thing ? 
  you think i care about the down-votes ? 
  you think i have a cat ? 
  none of that shit matters . 
  do n't pay any attention to who i am or why i 'm making such a big deal out of it .
