  you 're not required to pay taxes , just voluntarily not have a job . 
  if you voluntarily take on a job you voluntarily accept taxes, 
  so then voluntarily never purchase anything ever, 
  so if working a job is n't voluntary , then why do socialists arguing about surplus value theft get told to find another job ? 
  because democrats keep bribing black people with welfare and amnesty, 
  roughly in order :, 
  code geass , death note , evangelion , assassination classroom , steins gate , durarara , fate/stay ubw , ouran host club , overlord , devil is a part timer, 
  i remember the days back when game developers were n't afraid to release the hard hitting games that people really wanted . 
  that 's my secret cap . 
  i 'm always hiding a frog in my mouth . 
  if working was voluntary then i could opt out of working and nothing would happen . 
  you now owe me the monetary value of everything you produce minus the cost of materials , after which i decide how much you deserve to keep , and i am under no obligation to make that amount liveable . 
  if you dislike this , you 're free to work for someone else , however they all do the exact same thing . 
  you may not have noticed it since in the director 's cut he was replaced by greg ayres , who i personally feel did a far better job . 
  for my mains , there 's :, 
  rdm : rapier of the round, 
  sch : dreadwyrm codex, 
  hey , if the government wants to give me a handjob then in all for it, 
  nani ? 
  it uses a one dimensional political model that goes ` left wing = big government , right wing = small/no government ' , when in reality political leanings have multiple dimensions to them , and the left/right divide has nothing to do with size of government e.g. 
  anarcho-communists and anarcho-syndicalists on the left , fascists and conservatives ( because they do n't actually care about reducing the government ) on the right, 
  remember when the colonists won their independence by peacefully protesting ? 
  `` revere , commander washington is evil ! '', 
  `` from my point of view the british are evil ! '', 
  `` well then you are lost ! '', 
  i 'm not an expert , but i imagine kneeling on ice carries some risk of slipping over . 
   antifa, 
   liberal democrats, 
  and yet if he was poor you 'd be calling him entitled and bitter for supporting leftist social issues . 
  what 's the difference between the lawful orders of the police and the lawful orders of the gestapo ? 
  this is your 3rd post on us national debt in this subreddit within 24 hours , do n't you have anything better to do ? 
  i dont see freedom of speech on that list, 
  probably because the rest of europe was already at war too, 
  im willing to bet this person criticises refugees for leaving their country instead of staying to try and change it, 
  what the fuck did you just fucking say about me , you little city-state ? 
  i 'll have you know i rank up with augustus caesar in points , and i 've beaten deity with denmark , and i have over 300 confirmed domination victories . 
  i am trained in wonderwhoring l and i have the most points of the entire world congress . 
  you are nothing to me but just a puppet state . 
  i will wipe you the fuck out with landsknecht spam the likes of which has never been seen before on pangaea , mark my fucking words . 
  you think you can get away with embargoing me in the world congress ? 
  think again , settler . 
  as we speak i am gathering intelligence from my secret network of spies across your cities and i can see into your pathetic yields right now so you better prepare for the storm , vermin . 
  the nuclear firestorm that wipes out the pathetic little things you call your cities . 
  you 're fucking dead , heathen . 
  i can settle anywhere , anytime , and i can annex you in over seven hundred ways , and that 's just with naval units . 
  not only are my units extensively trained in drill 3 , but i have access to the entire autocracy policy tree and i will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable towns off the face of the continent , you little vassal . 
  if only you could have known what unholy retribution your little denunciation was about to bring down upon you , maybe you would have offered a declaration of friendship . 
  but you could n't , you did n't , and now you 're paying the price , you warlord level worm . 
  i will rain xcom squads all over you and you will drown in them . 
  you 're fucking conquered , plebian . 
  and it proved that intelligent design does n't exist . 
  what is your favourite e.g. 
  militaristic , cultured . 
  mine is mercantile because that extra happiness really helps out . 
  for fellow disciples and console heathens alike . 
  john 3:16 : for gaben so loved the pc that he gave his one and only steam , that whoever makes an account on him shall not lag but have eternal sales . 
  gen 1:1 : in the beginning gaben created the half lifes and the team fortresses . 
  phil 4:13 : i can play everything through him who gives me steam . 
  matt 28:19 : therefore go and make disciples of all users , baptizing them in the name of the freeman and of the chell and of the holy spy . 
  acts 18:11 so paul played for a year and a half , teaching them the word of gaben . 
  do n't say pastafarianism . 
  in response to people who say `` jesus died on the cross for us '' or `` god sent his only son to die for us '' , when you think about it , it was n't really that much of a sacrifice . 
  god is omnipotent , therefore he could easily create another son , therefore he sent his only son because he chose only to have one son . 
  also , jesus did n't really die , it was more like a 3 day coma . 
  coming back from the dead kind of negates being dead in the first place . 
  i was only 19 years old . 
  i loved gaben so much , i had all the games and hats . 
  i pray to gaben every night before bed , thanking him for the games i have purchased . 
  `` gaben is love '' i say , `` gaben is life '' . 
  my roommate hears and calls me a nerd . 
  i knew he was just jealous , of my summer sales . 
  i called him a peasant . 
  he slaps me and goes to gamestop . 
  i 'm using my computer now , and my face hurts . 
  i feel a warmth coming towards me . 
  something touches me . 
  it 's gaben !, 
  he whispers in my ear . 
  `` this is my wallet . '', 
  he grabs my hands with his powerful gamer hands , and puts them on my keyboard . 
  i 'm ready . 
  i spread my wallet for gaben . 
  he penetrates my funds . 
  it makes so much debt , but i do it for gaben . 
  i can feel my mortgage growing as my library starts to grow . 
  it costs so much , but i do it for gaben . 
  i buy games myself . 
  i want to please gaben . 
  he roars a mighty roar , as he fills my library with games . 
  my roommate walks in . 
  gaben looks him straight in the eye and says `` it was worth the weight '' . 
  gaben leaves through my computer screen . 
  gaben is love . 
  gaben is life . 
  my last debate here was n't a very well thought out one , so i 'll try to be more factual here . 
  in exodus , god kills all the firstborn children to persuade pharaoh to let the jewish people go , as stated here , in exodus 12:29 -30 : `` now it came about at midnight that the lord struck all the firstborn in the land of egypt , from the firstborn of pharaoh who sat on his throne to the firstborn of the captive who was in the dungeon , and all the firstborn of cattle . 
  pharaoh arose in the night , he and all his servants and all the egyptians , and there was a great cry in egypt , for there was no home where there was not someone dead . '', 
  my question is , what gives god the right to commit such a crime , in direct violation of the commandment thou shalt not kill . 
  and remember , many of these firstborns were likely children or babies , and some of their families may have wanted to let the jewish people go , but did n't want to incur pharaoh 's wrath . 
  and stating that god is the source of all morality , and can therefore do what he wants , is like saying that since bill gates made windows , he can do whatever he wants to a windows computer , like install a trojan to steal your credit card info .
