  edit : the multiplayer was also ok , albeit generic, 
  i mean , mace windu did n't trust him at all , so you 'd think he would at least have something . 
  i mean , the accords team did some shady stuff , but kidnapping darryl sounds too far , even for thanos . 
  that 's to be expected , since the majority of the quran was narrated to mohammed , so he 's not going to get mentioned much, 
  think he 's making a joke about islam, 
  more like bungee jumping, 
  why the fuck would you link tv tropes i wanted to have a productive weekend, 
  it 's at 667 now , someone ruined it . 
  how can you benefit a country that does n't exist, 
  why do you capitalise every word ? 
  witcher 3 goty edition ( or base if you want ) would be incredible . 
   finally a reddit post for me !, 
  i mean , it * was * a two on one , and tony did have the option of ending the fight ( at the ` final warning ' ) part, 
  scarlet with who ? 
  i do n't see crowbar-snapper anywhere, 
  fucking e ( ch ) a at it again, 
  a true hero , sacrificing his own sanity for the rest of us, 
  by gulaging kulaks, 
  under chairman pingu communism will stretch pole to pole, 
  why should he be deported for only 20 minutes of action ? 
  they 're just expressing their first amendment rights , stop being such a shitlib, 
  greetings comrade skeltal, 
  canada is in north america , so it 's close enough, 
  hey it 's better than brock '20 minutes of action ' turner, 
  on my 3 mains :, 
  nin : sasuke 's blades zeta , augmented ironworks magitek daggers , dreadwyrm daggers, 
  sch : omnilex nexus , replica allagan grimoire of healing , codex of the heavens, 
  everybody 's overdosing, 
  what friends ? 
  i think it got worse . 
  i mean , that oompa loompa 's hair does n't make me want to die , so that 's a plus . 
  it could just be for a level 3 lb or something, 
  [ from the ashes ] ( https://youtu.be/8mm-nhciesi ) from xiv always stood out to me, 
  but are you allergic to hiv ? 
  well yeah , but did he get any shinys ? 
  they 're only pro-israel because ( many ) middle eastern muslims hate it , therefore it must be good . 
  if overnight all anti-israel people in the middle east changed their minds , support would dry up . 
  i predict copious amounts of the words ` cuck ' , ` shill , and/or ` nimble navigator ' , but strangely nothing on ` tax returns ' . 
  what did he tell you ? 
  most wizards do n't have horcruxes . 
  they did helen cho because they got a deal with south korea/some sk group to shoot a bunch of scenes there extra cheap or something, 
  i 'll be cool with that as soon as the death penalty is no longer funded using taxes . 
   are we the most acid tested electorate in history ? 
  i mean , there was that one time a civil war started due ( partially ) to the election of a particular president, 
   i do n't mean just being called racists and nazis and all that . 
  we literally got beat in the streets . 
  i 'm in ca and let me tell you , scott adams is n't kidding about the personal safety stuff . 
  idk , you 're not trump at the polls so you 're obviously not getting beaten, 
   we got abused by the right , the left , the rich , the academics , the pundits , the economists , the underground paramilitary groups , blacks , hispanics , jews , whites , women , men , everything in between . 
  just some freedom of speech you libtard cucks . 
  also if literally the entire world but you is against you , maybe you should stop and think why, 
   we had to suffer being called uneducated , ignorant , all the isms , dangerous , poor , dinosaurs , wrong side of history , etc. 
  well maybe that 's because you are, 
   we had to endure as trump battled the establishment on both sides , made gaffes as he figured out how to operate , constantly being told `` it 's ogre ! '', 
  with the commentary and polls . 
  til asking why he ca n't nuke europe ( amongst so many other things ) is a ` gaffe ', 
   it was unlike anything that has ever happened or will ever happen again . 
  i sure hope nobody like trump ever makes it this far again, 
   it was every terrible feeling about society and ourselves wrapped into a single political campaign . 
  it was worth it . 
  because we made it through alive . 
  because we proved everyone wrong and even surprised ourselves with how right our instincts were . 
  because now that the obstacles are falling away , our opportunities are becoming truly incredible . 
  we 're going to win . 
  we 're going to succeed . 
  we 're going to make america great again !, 
  does n't even need a comment, 
   nobody really pays attention to him, 
  at this point is n't everything basically cancerous ? 
  i say just pre-emptively throw all the kids off roofs to save them the effort, 
   eating something healthy, 
  / r/absolutelynotmeirl, 
  one time i tried drinking hot soft drink but the can melted my hand off , so this lad must be pretty mad, 
  r/lolicon got banned from r/lolicon for life, 
  sign me the fuck up, 
  plus there was ` illegal manipulation of a grandosian dutchess ' or whatever on his rap sheet when nova corp arrests him, 
  what happens if someone deletes system 32 by accident ? 
  idk how three skittles could molest me , but i really do n't want to find out, 
  unless you 're trump of course, 
  cloud from final fantasy 7 compilation ( some ff spoilers ), 
  0 - the most subaru could do to prepare would likely be buying some basic gear and armour from a shop , and possibly the basic elemental materia . 
  he 'd likely be only in the single digits of levels , and would thus need to do some serious level grinding to prepare , although in 72 hours he could do a lot ( assuming 72 hours to them is like 72 hours to a player , and the player 's perception is n't sped up ), 
  1 - materia makes this a guarenteed loss for subaru . 
  given that cloud 's materia can do things like summon a dragon from space to fire off an orbital laser ( bahamut zero ) or summon 13 spirit knights ( kotr ) , someone like subaru would be one-hit . 
  materia is stored in weapons/armour , and since cloud is likely wary enough to sleep in his battle gear , more returns by death likely would n't enable him to steal it , additionally summons can not be blocked , so no training could prepare for that . 
  even if summon materia is banned , he still has access to ultima , the final tier elemental spells ( fire/blizzard/thunder 3 ) , and enemy skill , which gives him death sentence , pandora 's box , level 5 death and frog song , all of which would make quick work of subaru and co. 
  2 - pre-mako infusion , subaru might have a chance in an ambush , however cloud has access to a standard issue shinra rifle , which would make quick work of subaru if he ca n't sneak up on him . 
  cloud was still a decent swordsman prior to getting zack 's buster blade , which might let him fight crusch and felis , but rem or wilhelm would likely take him here if he ca n't shoot them . 
  it 's likely shinra would make their infantrymen bunk together , meaning another low-level grunt could be present , or possibly zack if he felt something was up/was listening for danger by cloud , so that possibility could complicate things . 
  returning by death would give a significant advantage here , as cloud has no access to materia at this point ( iirc ) , and thus subaru could communicate info on cloud 's commonplace sword/gun fighting patterns to the others . 
  3 - post mako ( ff7 or ac ) : still likely no chance . 
  even materia-less , cloud was able to take on kadaj , loz and yazoo all at once , and still come out alive ( and while suffering from the fatal disease geostigma to boot ) , showing he can fight multiple humanoid enemies at once . 
  here , he shows off feats like being able to cut through solid buildings with enough friction to set them on fire ( during his fight with sephiroth ) , so he obviously has incredible strength . 
  his agility would enable him to easily take the fight outside the hotel , enabling him to use his high jumps ( he could easily jump tens of metres ) to turn the fight to his advantage by divide and conquer-ing them . 
  he 's able to take a masamune ( sephiroth 's nodachi , ranging from 1.8 - 2.4 m in size ) to the shoulder and live , so an ambush likely would n't be enough to kill him . 
  even more in cloud 's favour , he has access to his limit breaks . 
  while felis has the power to heal some attacks , he does n't have the power to revive the dead , and an onmislash to the face is likely enough to one-hit any of them , especially the advent children variant ( omnislash version 5 ) . 
  even better , many of his limits can hit multiple enemies at once ( blade beam , meteorain , and omnislash hits multiple enemies randomly ( possibly only one though ) ) , and finishing touch acts as an instant death for enemies , so he could easily finish off multiple enemies at once if they 're weak enough . 
  while returning by death could provide some usefulness , he really has access to just too much stuff for it to be very effective , especially as subaru has to have the capacity to remember it all . 
  4 - more of a joke , but if he has access to smash items , it would go even better for him , as he could just get a hammer and walk into them once .
