  step up the pace , bro . 
  it helps , but quantity over quality . 
  it was based off property inheritance . 
  property only went to direct descendants , so men wanted to make sure that any of their wife 's children were sure to be theirs , and they needed a way to ensure that it remained that way . 
  there used to be teams sorted by race , but that was called segregation . 
  oh tumblr . 
  most animals probably do n't have a developed enough consciousness to perceive gender . 
  invited to what ? 
  a circlejerk on tumblr ? 
  so much is being missed out on by not doing that . 
  because there are no doctors on shitty tumblr blogs . 
  i pressed f and am now trans . 
  i instantly lost 1000 privilege points , 13 years of my life and noticed 77.8 more microaggressions . 
  except i do n't care about the racial diversity of a movie . 
  oh well , at least they acknowledge that the apparent genocide of billions would be dystopic and not ` the greatest thing since martin luther king jr ' . 
  i think that it 's fairly well established in canon that all the characters in tf2 are psychopaths . 
  yeah but they hope nerds get bullied into submission remember . 
  try and get her to add yoshimitsu and stardust rod please . 
  or if you lose some weight . 
  and that man 's name - albert einstein . 
  chaos from ffi , rubicante , kujata , the weapons from ffvii and hades . 
  actually , people can heal their annoyances between sessions , meaning it is very hard to annoy someone full to death in the correct amount of time ( the time in which this is possible allows for only a 5 second margin of error ) . 
  and that persons name ? 
  albert einstein . 
   to find my roommate staring at a joint he had rolled, 
  well , since there was weed in the room , i 'd say you were high . 
  jews are honorary whites , shitlord !, 
  i think that if i felt myself becoming a sjw , i would throw myself to my death to prevent another sjw from being created . 
  i do n't feel awkward , just annoyed . 
  but i do n't go up to every salesman and go '' #yesallsalesnon - specific-gender-people '', 
  i think almost everything turns black when it burns because , * gasp * , ashes are usually black . 
  excuse me , that 's not very inclusive . 
  super non specific gender people is the correct term , thank you very much . 
  a subscription to final fantasy xiv , swag . 
  sometimes it can be useful , but it usually comes down to `` slavery is ok because it was better back then , stop taking it out of context '' . 
  how are you supposed to date something that is pure thought ? 
  does a culture have copyright over its clothing styles ? 
  internalised racism version 5.5 beta . 
  that 's like saying you have to like school because you went to it as a kid . 
  bravely default and ninja gaiden 2 vc , and a bunch of vc ( including final fantasy and mega man ) on wii u. 
  if nobody is born gay , then nobody is born straight . 
  i guess flooding the entire world was really the devil . 
  it would actually be country-ist , since america is a country , not a race . 
  you mean fahrenhate . 
  for a good time call the bible !, 
  muslims think jesus was a great teacher , but not the son of god . 
   atheists also do not believe in santa clause , the tooth fairy , easter bunny , and peter pan but they do not try to convince others of their non-existence !, 
  how do you know ? 
  i frequently pray to santa for good presents every year . 
  jokes aside , only 5 year olds believe in santa , so that 's why no one bothers to try and deconvert them . 
  people do n't hunt for a fair fight , they hunt for the shooty shooty bang bang . 
  i 'd rather live my life not emaciated and miserable . 
  i think that i should capitalise every other word for dramatic effect in what i say on the internet . 
  if they really identified as a cat , they would n't be posting , because cats ca n't speak , or process intelligent thought . 
  everyone knows the one true calendar is in the 5th year of the reign of augustus caesar . 
  the ds outsold the wii , but it 's a handheld so it does n't count . 
  do it now . 
  it will be worth it . 
  great story . 
  rate it 10/10 , brought a manly tear to my eye . 
  handhelds are a whole new story though . 
  just pointing out that you can accept the teachings of someone without believing their claims of divinity . 
  god exists . 
  ( 2000 , inc. both link and comment ) a new computer , a new tv and a bunch of games . 
  although , i 'd actually pay people to upvote me , 50c per upvote , thereby creating infinite money . 
  i remember reading somewhere ( sources are for shitlords ( i do n't actually remember ) ) that they did it because they thought the only way a woman could beat them was with supernatural help , and since they also thought god was on their side , satan was the only logical conclusion . 
  as an atheist , i believe there is no ` spirit ' for them to identify with ( sorry for being a huge neckbeard , but i needed an effective comeback for spiritually ) and cats ca n't process the emotion of oppression , rage at being misgendered , sadness from being told to go make a sandwich , and anger at the ` wage gap ' . 
  i think all tumblrinas ca n't, 
  off topic , but imagine a sjws reaction to an mmos class system, 
  a tank can heal just as well as a healer !, 
  stupid classists ! '', 
  she probably does have the right to do that , even if it 's a rude thing to do . 
  astronomers named mars a male name when i have a headcanon that xer is a demisexual tree-kin homosexual disabled house-kin . 
  bleeding helped with various medical conditions . 
  bi-kin , which kind of sounds like biking . 
  ... the trans person , who claims that the punch is violent oppression since she is genderfluid and is currently a female . 
  i feel like the game hatoful boyfriend was made by an otherkin ( i know it was n't irl ), 
  not sure what the spelling similarities with those two words have to do with nihilism . 
  based on the nihilistic ` tenet ' `` life has no inherent meaning '' , the logical conclusion would be that there is no inherent morality , meaning it is neither moral nor immoral to seek immortality . 
  you 'd think an all knowing god would have known how to get it right the first time . 
  the point of arguments is to discuss aspects of a character , the same way members of the harry potter fandom might argue `` does harry represent depression ? '', 
  stop triggering me with your correct interpretations , shitlord !, 
  some disabled people ca n't wipe their ass , ableist shitlord !, 
  jesus has magic , why would he use a gun ? 
  and jesus is basically a monarch/dictator , why would he vote at all ? 
   your species is evolving, 
  if whites are a different species to poc ( according to this guy ) , then whites oppressing poc is not racist , it 's animal cruelty . 
  even if whites are the ` animal ' you can just claim that they were acting off instinct , and not malevolence . 
  half life 3 , pokemon mmo , final fantasy vii hd . 
   seeing people with diverse beliefs, 
  is otherkin a religion now ? 
  does that make us a-otherkinists ? 
  what 's next ? 
  antidotes are poison ? 
  for everything else , there 's boats !, 
  had a run of syrcus tower today . 
  i got an oil of time and a the guardian 's tassets of striking . 
  as an atheist , i do n't care in the slightest when someone wishes me a merry christmas , since it 's the sentiment that counts . 
  fist bumping is ableist because some people have no fists !, 
   the cause of violence in america is guns , and that 's that,
