  that 's not a fight , that 's a murder, 
  is that sechsual harassment ? 
  wrong, 
  they probably meant to block the_dipshit from he front page but did the opposite, 
   i settled for farting on a spock cutout, 
  ` conservatism is the ideology of reason and logic , liberals are all immature children ', 
  there 's no british/french/zimbabw \u00e9en dream because they turned it into a reality, 
  so is grandma kylo ren now ? 
  let 's just say the no racism/anti-semitism rule is more of a recommendation, 
  my last correct the record cheque bounced when i tried to cash it in , so i 'm taking a few days off unfortunately, 
  that says do n't link to a specific post in another sub , a sub in general is ok, 
  my headcanon is that reinhardt constantly uses 2010 's era memes incorrectly in front of everyone else , but they do n't understand what he 's talking about, 
  he thinks the small crucifix is the son of the big crucifix , because he 's drunk, 
  i have a dream , that one day people will not be judged on the functionality of their legs , but by the content of their pimped out wheelchairs . 
   being in the embrace of a woman, 
  normies get out, 
  could be steph mattel, 
  look at these butthurt liberals not understanding that #bluelivesmatter, 
  a real modern day hero, 
  it 's funny how americans get so butthurt when groups like the un recommend what they do , yet they have no problem with telling europe how to handle the refugee crisis , brexit , and every other problem they come across, 
  unless you hire a refugee as a bodyguard , in which case it 's everyone 's problem, 
  despicable me 1 is at least redeemable , the minions had n't taken control then, 
  yeah , like the time that highly atheistic confederacy started a civil war because they could n't keep christians as slaves anymore . 
  i 'm still upset they lost . 
  i guess this proves god by association , since only the biblical satan could have made this . 
  well obviously you 're not factoring in the jewish overlords destabilising society via globalisation and socialism, 
   attack trump supporters, 
  b a s h t h e f a s h, 
  what 's more american than rampant commercialisation ? 
  thoroughly japed again, 
  a miserable little pile of secrets, 
  where there 's enochian , there 's fire ( iv ), 
  how hard is it to not just follow the leader and do what everyone else does ? 
  theres plenty of room in nm to be a special snowflake, 
  i once failed a 99 % hq on the ironworks ring , then turned right around and got a 1 % hq on heavy high allagan armour . 
  that was a fun day, 
  enkidu is definitely a primal , since there was some official forum post where you had to guess the number of primals , and enkidu was named as one, 
   you know , the allagan conquest of meracydia was really more about states rights, 
  but then he can melt it down and sell the metal for some of the new currency, 
  did you know why soviet russia signed a non aggression treaty with nazi germany ? 
  they were stalin for time !, 
  99 % of hentai has either an ugly guy or a tentacle monster, 
  the tentacle monster share in hentai viewership is quite large, 
   we need to figure out how to stop the shooting epidemic . 
   more religion !, 
   more blaming black people !, 
   how about we introduce gun control, 
  i 'd like to see a 3ds version of v and a pc/console version of vi, 
  this is incorrect , stalin did one thing wrong : not kill enough kulaks, 
  the asshole either has asymmetric arms or a gut that extends up to his neck in the second picture, 
  you 'd probably be better off wrapping the end of the gum around a finger, 
  i 'm not even british and that was beautiful, 
  it 's the, 
  he raised jon and loves the grommets, 
  never gets old, 
  if it 's dungeons , softcore raids or ex primals i go in blind for the fun of figuring out mechanics . 
  if it 's hardcore raids i prefer text guides with pictures , since i can digest the info at my own pace instead of constantly having to rewind the video, 
  ffs , it would be ` the dark lord is calling ' , not ` master is calling ' , have they even read harry potter ? 
  we did it reddit !, 
   they could be amazing people by the age of 16, 
  yeah , with a good education, 
  by now they must be convinced soros owns every company in the world * but * trumps ones, 
  false flag !!!!! 1 !!!! 111 !!!!!, 
  ! one, 
  i think i remember peter pulling out a sword to fuck up some roman soldier or whatever , and jesus was like ` nah bro , swords are n't cool dawg ', 
  it 's funny how you have all those out there statements and then just ` smoked weed ' and ` believed in god ', 
  that was literally the last word , ` having you there ' is kinda meaningless, 
  as long as it deus vults , i do n't carr, 
  i think it was a deal with fox where they get quicksilver and marvel studios gets scarlet witch, 
  slinging, 
   obama took experience off the table, 
  right , because trump is the paragon of experience in politics, 
  by driving down the slope , duh, 
  reverse the two and you have a ` you vs the guy she told you not to worry about ' image, 
  make sure you get your 50 shekels though , would n't want any angry fathers, 
  i mean , biff 1985 may be a shithole , but at least it is n't a racist , sexist shithole, 
  if stat wars tech existed in the real world trump would be asking why we ca n't use a death star on europe, 
  looks like there * are * ways to stop a bad guy with a gun that do n't involve a good guy with a gun, 
  nah , they 're talking about hilary 's massive futa penis, 
  grasp them by the female reproductive organs - trump 14:88, 
  ahem , i believe musselmen is the correct term, 
   the only way to stop a bad guy with a gun is a good guy with a gun, 
  guess that 's not true anymore , unless the deplorables can explain how diving on an armed gunman would n't have done anything to stop him, 
  we should have seen this coming , hombres, 
  i mean , the signs were there all along, 
  why the fuck would you hire male prostitutes if you already have an army of sex slaves ? 
  kind of a waste of money . 
  and where 's the female prostitutes ? 
  sounds like more of that classic democrat sexism / s, 
  you missed the moscow times, 
  god has come to reap the sinners, 
  eh , i 'll take what i can get, 
  how is he the bigot for calling out someone else 's bigotry ? 
  did n't the eso weapons in 3.0 / 3.1 only require tomes ? 
  i distinctly remember buying mine despite not being a savage raider, 
  mystic knight tank , although given alisae in 3.4 red mage could end up being the elemental sword class, 
  i did n't know loch ness monsters could vote, 
  the funniest part is they 'd probably pitch a fit if they got banned from r/offmychest for the same reason, 
  no , he 's just referring to rick santorum 's more mystical brother, 
  with the power of ( ( ( soros ) ) ) 's rigged voting machines,
