  when he 's being billed as the truechristian candidate his marital history is extremely relevant, 
  is n't tioman his mate ? 
  i boot camped it on a macbook pro mid 2012 ( intel hd 4000 ) , and got fairly consistent 800p 30fps low , so i definitely would n't recommend it . 
  this happened to me when i was reinstalling hw a few days ago , my solution was just unplugging the ethernet cable mid download ( or plugging it in for some ) , which brought mine up from 0.2 mb to 2.3 mb, 
  because he is the zodiac killer . 
  ( real answer : he looks kinda similar to a police sketch of the zodiac killer ( on mobile so ca n't find link ) , and is an overall weird and creepy person , so therefore a meme was born ), 
  people should vote based on a candidate 's promised policies and actions in office , not their religion ( although a religion can often influence their policies ) . 
  of course a serial killer would lie about his age . 
  he worked on behalf of spain tho, 
  i just miss dad 76 and mom mercy, 
  yes , because a terrorist willing to kill dozens of people will * definitely * be stopped by a plate of bacon . 
  prostitutes are n't vastly overpriced compared to what they provide, 
  well it only mentions humans / s, 
  except for fig tree lives, 
  ( this is just a couple of ways they could cooperate/fight , and also i 've only seen the movies , not the games/other eu mediums ), 
  the jedi would likely want to work with the assassins , given how they were willing to work with the gungans in tpm , so they 're not averse to dealings with foreign non-jedi groups . 
  the animus technology could be useful in training new jedi via the bleeding effect , such as luke learning anakin 's lightsaber and pilot skills , and possibly using it to find other information about events in the past . 
  they would likely agree with the assassin 's policy of hiding/disposing of pieces of eden , due to the destruction they 've seen weapons like the death stars and starkiller base wreak . 
  while they would certainly let the assasins fight with them , they might not let them use lightsabers , as while eagle sense is certainly a boost , it does n't compare to the force in terms of power . 
  given the assassin knowledge of the first civilisation , the idea of intergalactic humans with powerful technology would n't be too much of a shock . 
  the assassins would likely support the jedi , but they would n't agree with some of their actions . 
  in the revelations novel , altair mentions how sequestering the arabic assassins away in the masyaf fortress led to them becoming isolated from the people , stating they should live among the people ( ` hide in plain sight ' , the second tenet of the creed ) , likely making them disapprove of the jedi temples being an ostentatious display of power . 
  the third tenet ( never compromise the brotherhood ) may lead to them working behind the shadows to assist the jedi rather than forming a direct alliance , to prevent the wrath of the empire falling on them . 
  the templars and empire would hit it off from the start . 
  they both have grand , sweeping visions of the world/galaxy , both have no problem killing innocents when they 're in the way , and both value strength greatly . 
  the pieces of eden would be of great value to the empire , such as possibly using the apple as a power source for objects like the death star ( in one of the ac spinoff works tesla was planning to use it to provide free power for the whole world , so it obviously can be used for that ) , the observatory could be used to spy on rebel/resistance troops , and the sword of eden could possibly be used to control non-stormtrooper armies . 
  likewise , the templars would be grateful for the advanced weaponry such as lightsabers and blasters in earth conflicts , and the knowledge of advanced science from the empire possibly bolstering their own human technology . 
  in combat , it would likelyy depend on whoever got the pieces first . 
  easy , affordable space travel is apparently a horrible idea because a musician i do n't like could use it, 
  those ones were voting for trump because ( aside from bernie ) he 's the most ` anti establishment ' , because being the billionaire bribing politicians is a good change from the bribed politicians !, 
  yeah but is bailing hay as hard as the troops ?!?!?!, 
  ( paper mario spoilers ), 
  i think he 's talking about when luigi was brainwashed into becoming mr l and super dimentio in super paper mario, 
  the scene in hbp where she flies into zachariah smith 's quidditch stand because she ` forgot to brake ' . 
  meet adolf . 
  his leadership led to the deaths of over 18 million ` inferior ' individuals . 
  unfortunately , his parents did n't believe in abortion , and so he survived to the point where this was possible . 
  i 'm excited for it because it does n't mean a trump victory , and anything ' better than that . 
  an answer from the perspective of the real world ( e.g stan lee said that hulks fingernails remain large ) . 
  named for the author of sherlock holmes , arthur conan doyle, 
  i went straight from absolutely zero to nexus in 6 days of semi hardcore grinding on my sch , but i 'm still working on my zodiac due to making absolutely no gil ( but i could have easily done it if it was n't for that ), 
  well yeah but it 's the muslims that are the violent oned, 
  because you 're attempting to reach [ absolute hot ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/absolute_hot ), 
  that sounds like what someone who * did * eat seven almonds every night would say, 
  i think the proper meaning is ` even an idiot occasionally says something witty/right ' not just ` you can say something right while thinking it 's wrong ', 
  he used a spear in xiv, 
  what 's a scared pupper ? 
  in xiv ( and xi i suppose ) playing your absolute a game at something before being wiped by some 600 dps noob who keeps messing up mechanics without trying to learn them . 
  smoke clouds ca n't melt millennium bridges, 
   just think of the positive message this teaches young women !, 
  we all have to make sacrifices for fullcommunism !, 
  firaxis just revealed 5 new civs today . 
  number 3 will shock you1, 
  yeah , unlike donald ' i could shoot someone in the street and still get votes ' trump . 
  i think fighting a war against the us would also be a pretty big factor, 
  sure is nice living on the same 6000 year old earth as you . 
  not a pacifist really , but one who does n't always act with what the council deems acceptable , given how he was willing to train anakin against their will . 
  this time i won my thordan weapon in 3.1 on an 8 roll greed, 
  in the last book , he mentions wiping out all houses but slytherin ( something like ` the noble house of my ancestor will suffice for all ) , so he does n't really like them either, 
  i ended up having to buy the skin outright after buying $ 30 of boxes and not getting it, 
  stuck in rufus shinra 's coat pocket . 
  i ca n't tell whether the anti clinton one is the crying rick or the dejected carl, 
  that shows how far this person would go to avoid liberals, 
  i did n't realise you could expand inventory until level 57, 
  those are the eyes of a man who sees death on the horizon, 
  do n't believe in guns - move out of america, 
  but is her name martha ? 
  i was grinding for the paladins shield on celes ' island in ff6 and my character just kept walking in circles with no input and no random encounters ( going into the menu stopped it , so it was n't stuck buttons ), 
  he 's a scientist !, 
  and apparently now exeggutor, 
  i just meant gains dragon type, 
  this is obviously fake , here 's what it would really say :, 
  present complaint : america , christianity , freedom , god emperor trump, 
  interim medical history : had bruises on knees from bowing down to worship islam and satan, 
  medical examination : missing heart , brain , soul, 
  diagnoses : hates freedom , wants to destroy america , did benghazi, 
  maybe have the battle on/around bahamut like the binding coil in xiv , except on floating platforms while he 's still alive, 
  2000 shares = all of america, 
  in the movies it is at least possible to catch , since wood did when he was training harry for the first time . 
  the problem , then , is what to do with it . 
  bear in mind that all this is being done on brooms high in the sky , so a player would have to attempt to hold a bludger and stay on their broom , which would likely lead to them falling off . 
  if they brought it down to the ground , it would still be hard to grab , and if they dropped it it would instantly return to battle , leaving the player temporarily out of it since they 'd need to get back up to the right altitude . 
  additionally , a bludger could n't be thrown to attack a player , as once free of a players hand it would return to its own devices . 
  in terms of rules it would likely be illegal , since the role is n't explicitly codified in any player , in the same way a chaser ca n't catch the snitch , or a beater defending the goals . 
  it 's possible that he used an enormous brain wave transmitter based of hank pym 's ant controller to send a duplicate of his brain while drugged unconscious , so he fell asleep as a human and woke up as a computer, 
  his first kill was tom riddle sr , who provides his ring horcrux . 
  technically the basilisk killed her ( under his orders ) , but riddle was the first by his own hand . 
  also , i think he created the diary with myrtle either way . 
  given dd 's line to malfoy in hbp about a ` young boy who made all the wrong choices ' , it 's possible he kept them as a reminder of why he needed to be more active in identifying threats early on and guiding them in the right direction . 
  the hammer does use fuel for rocket powered actions such as earthshaker , but it 's likely so efficient that it never needs to refuel during the fight . 
  because they decided on tony stank instead, 
  having public healthcare does n't suddenly illegalise private healthcare , it just provides an alternative, 
  socialism aims to create a moneyless society , so poverty could n't exist without money, 
  debt ca n't exist without money, 
  most forms of socialism advocate for ease of access to guns , because how else are the workers going to overthrow the bourgeoisie ? 
  because unemployed people deserve to die amirite ? 
  just because people are saying that vaccines do n't cause autism and obama is n't a muslim does n't mean education is a liberal conspiracy, 
  marx stated that religion was a tool used by the bourgeoisie to keep the proletariat down ( by focusing on preparing for an infinitely good afterlife , they 're less concerned with earthly injustice ) and that it would naturally fall away as communism was adopted worldwide ( which may or may not be true , but is far from saying it should be illegalised ), 
  class warfare is a part of socialism , but also of right wing ideology too ( except with poor bla-thug people instead of the rich ), 
  this poverty 's getting worse all the time !,
