  yeah , sure . 
  it 's not wrong to lie to save your life . 
  god could easily have just warped them a few kilometres away , or created a pillar of fire . 
  death was n't necessary . 
  i think the better question is ` when does the embryo become a human '' , since two cells are alive , but then again , so is a bacterium . 
  look at anders breivik . 
  that 's a modern example of pro christian terrorism . 
  and look at all the anti gay evangelists causing executions in africa . 
  imagine their reaction if someone was like `` we reserve the right to refuse service to homophobes '' . 
  how quickly would it turn to `` muh persecution '' , `` we need to put prayer back in school '' and `` thanks obama '' ? 
   nicolas cage is a necessary being . 
  can that be verified ? 
  if i claimed ` water is necessary for humans ' , that could only be tested by removing water from a human and seeing if it survived . 
  therefore , the only way to know if god is necessary is to remove him from existence and see what happens . 
  there 's only been a couple of comments so far . 
  give it a bit of time . 
  well , heaven has no evil , meaning it is possible for a dimension ( assuming heaven is a separate universe ) without evil to exist . 
  none , really . 
  but i did n't become a nihilist because it gave me an advantage , i did it because i think it is correct . 
  nihilism just means life has no inherent meaning . 
  i 'm still free to define my own meaning , whether that is to solve the mysteries of the universe , wage intergalactic war against aliens , or eat a pizza on my 55th birthday . 
  look up soren kierkegaard and friedrich nietzsche for more information , to better come to a conclusion . 
  because there were literally about 9.7 billion years in the universe before life . 
  that 's a lot of time for life to spring up . 
  after all , if you hypothetically had a 1 trillion sided dice , you 'd expect to have rolled every number after trillions of rolls . 
  [ ] ( / sobrave2 ), 
  [ ] ( / sobrave2 ), 
  jesus did take the easy way out , by , you know , being an immortal superbeing . 
  instead of calling 911 , you can open the bible and start praying !, 
  and then go straight to god 's voicemail which is just empty sound , but hey !, 
  prayer !, 
  so then people committing assisted suicide are not killing themselves , and therefore are not sinning . 
  yep , i 'm definitely as moral as hitler . 
  so then , i could go out and start the holocaust mark ii , and it would n't really change how god viewed me ? 
  every female reading this : you have now been raped , since touch is not necessary for rape . 
  feel the oppression . 
  this is probably going to look really weird for anyone looking at my profile . 
  that starbucks employees name ? 
  gnostic atheist , secular humanist and nihilist . 
  apparently her mother was a pizza . 
  best flair ever . 
  i know your point , but for trinitarians , it 's basically the same thing , since god , jesus and the holy spirit are the same thing . 
  it 's actually mentioned in two more gospels :, 
  assuredly , i say to you , all sins will be forgiven the sons of men , and whatever blasphemies they may utter ; but he who blasphemes against the holy spirit never has forgiveness , but is subject to eternal condemnation -- because they said , `` he has an unclean spirit '' ( mark 3:28 -30 ) . 
  and anyone who speaks a word against the son of man , it will be forgiven him ; but to him who blasphemes against the holy spirit , it will not be forgiven ( luke 12:10 ) . 
  when has the un outlawed all religion , or tried to ? 
  and even if biblical prophecy was undeniably true , and not coincidence , it just means the writer has the gift of foresight , not that god is real . 
  it 's like if i kill someone , then claim the government sanctioned the killing . 
  we do n't know whether that is true or not ( and the government certainly would n't admit to it ) so all we know for certain is that i killed someone . 
  but , if i were to convince a theist to become an atheist , or vice versa , that would be their not free will working towards that . 
  because , whether the prophecy is right or not , it does n't mean that god exists . 
  it could easily have been prometheus who made that prophecy , not a christian . 
  and let 's look at scientific prophecy . 
  edmund halley was able to calculate when halleys comet would return , not using magic , but with science . 
  peter higgs predicted the discovery of the higgs boson using science . 
  john mitchell was able to predict the existence of black holes over 150 years before it was confirmed , using science . 
  when you look at it this way , science is far more reliable with its prophecies , and unlike the biblical prophecies , they actually benefit mankind as a whole , instead of propping up a dogmatic religion . 
  i 've never gone `` dollar bill akhbar '' before blowing up a credit card factory . 
  pokemon soundtracks, 
  legalise left handed marriage . 
  every time you blink , it gets stranger and stranger . 
  i play odin , and it 's a pretty good server . 
  there 's several good fcs , and all sorts of players . 
  it 's one of the more populated servers too . 
  i thought satan existed before humans . 
  i have a slow internet connection . 
  god kinda tortures people who he judges to be inferior to himself forever . 
  that guy who ran over the 10 commandment statue was either a christian or a satanist ( i ca n't remember which ) who was off his meds . 
  nothing inherent . 
  the meaning i created , however , was to enjoy my life and live it as morally as possible . 
  there is no inherent good or evil . 
  based on society 's construct of good and evil , some people do evil because it benefits them , some do it because they enjoy it , and some do it because they have mental problems . 
  tumblr . 
  i believe that a self tipping fedora takes the majesty and finesse out of each tip . 
  this could be useful for our handless brethren though . 
  who needs the scientific method when you have the god method ? 
  just ask yourself ` is this discovery in the blieble ? ', 
  if yes , it is true . 
  if no , then it is false . 
  science . 
  because it works ... bitches . 
  only in ` murica . 
  lazarus resurrected as well . 
  but , since no one directly observed the resurrection , it could easily have been someone else who did it . 
  just look up ` time magazine worst word ' on google . 
  it 's not that hard . 
  being made into a wiimote would be a pretty great way to spend eternity . 
  [ mrw ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qunhtlvgv2y ), 
  i think that god saying they will die is referring to that fact that they were seemingly immortal in the garden , and they would be mortal upon leaving . 
  because , even if i were to save the lives of millions and kill five people , i 'm still a bad person for killing those five people . 
  education . 
  religion . 
  pick one . 
  it would be more worthwhile to spend time on reddit than listen to that . 
  good old hitch . 
  [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/eskgqs2.jpg ) is my response to all sjw 's . 
  stop using your brain to process these comments and formulate a reply !, 
  bots such as this one have no brain , and can only respond with pre meditated phrases by using your brain , you are oppressing this poor bot who just exists to post on / r/tumblrinaction all the time . 
  check your brain privilege !, 
  god inspired the writing of the scriptures .
