  i think he said somewhere that it could stand to be more regulated ( or something along those lines ) , but he still uses it so lol . 
  we can definitely trust what north_korean_spy says about communism . 
   looking up a fix or tweaking settings, 
  there 's no setting for poor programming, 
  most of those psn users are on ps3 or vita . 
  i literally never said any of that , that was the other guy . 
  10 million kilos of anti matter in a safe containment unit . 
  glamouring multi slot pieces . 
  a bunch of fundamentalist christians are complaining because they changed their christmas cups to generic holiday , as it is * obviously * proof that christians are oppressed . 
  so you 're saying anti-muslim sentiments are bad because satan does it ? 
  it 's funny how these sorts of people bring up ` statistics ' about how knives/cars/medical malpractice kills way more than guns , yet still elect to buy a gun for defence instead of a knife or a rusty syringe . 
  i think yoshi-p said that he 'd like to do normal ( current alex nm ) , hard ( ex primals/nerfed + echo coil ) , and savage ( scob/alex savage ) , but probably wo n't be able to due to having basically no staff . 
  maybe a version of meteorain where you aim the beams ? 
  is jar jar a sith lord ? 
  except they 're closing the borders to keep people in , not out . 
  many people have accused snowden 's leaks about government spying of making the terrorists use non digital/encrypted digital communication in response , which is how they could communicate for the attacks . 
  to add to what the other guy said , the subreddit is often linked in response to posts about the live action avatar movie , which most of the fanbase despises . 
  not sure if this is why or if it 's unrelated , but recently the mormon church announced that the children of gay couples are forbidden to be part of the church . 
   threaten a gamer and live, 
  but games do n't cause violence guys !!!! 2 !!! 1 !!, 
  jet fuel ca n't melt steel beams . 
  sounds great . 
  many far right christians believe that jesus ' return and the end times described in the bible will only come about when all the jews return to israel ( amongst other things ) , so they support the state as part of their bait for the jesus trap . 
  in terms of direct sequels , there 's zelda 1 --  2 , link to the past --  oracle games --  link 's awakening , ocarina --  majora , and wind waker --  phantom hourglass . 
  remember what happened the last time conservatives seceded ? 
  + / u/user _ simulator / u/mattster00, 
  no , it 's correcting the people who go `` islam is a religion of violence and death and all muslims are mass murderers , but christianity is full of peace and love '', 
  you could easily make this argument about selling guns . 
  9000 gun buyers wo n't kill anyone but 1000 will . 
  still want to legalise gun ownage ? 
  i like how he says ` thank you ' as if he 's doing something good for you . 
  rekt, 
  yeah , it 's not like the confederates created a new country just to get away from laws they did n't like or anything . 
  you know venice is n't all canals , right ? 
  i too remember when jesus rode a donkey into the twin towers . 
  the legend of zelda . 
  being an edgy atheist . 
  you ca n't support the us and confederate flag at the same time you know . 
  lol get it ? 
  bcuz only white people have jobs amirite ? 
  garuda is voice acted in the ultima weapon cutscenes after her nm fight, 
  even with voice acting in the fight , ravana has some too . 
  when the warring triad plot gets advanced further we 'll be spending plenty of time in azys lla . 
  in 2.5 i wore it so i could have full i130 as a non coil player . 
  / r/wackytictacs would enjoy that, 
   there is absolutely no evidence to suggest that planet earth ca n't offset the increases in carbon by producing more plant life . 
  yeah , because the planet is definitely like ` whoops , those pesky humans are making too much carbon , better make some more plants to fix that ' . 
  middle eastern refugees . 
  lords of verminion , ifrit and nael deus darnus . 
  yeah ok , let 's just walk over the ocean back to america . 
  apparently , the poke balls work by converting the pokemon into pure energy , which is stored in the ball . 
  ash being able to lift a 70 kg larvitar is the real issue here . 
  pretty sure the reason why they were more filled out was because they actually went through soldier training , whereas cloud was just a grunt that got jenova 'd by hojo and dumped in midgar . 
  bruh that 's called a remaster . 
  i think there might be a slight difference between child molesters and people who hate america . 
   if you do n't like it , get out, 
   syrian refugees are pussies for leaving and not trying to change the situation there, 
  sterilisation is n't killing even if you take the stance that abortion is . 
  nin is good because they get mad small gcd timers . 
  i think he 's trying to say that the leaves stay the same , like the simpsons . 
  depending on the secondary stats and buffs , it averages around 2.05-1 .90 at i204 for me ( with huton up ) , and even without huton ( which should never happen if you play right ) , it 's usually around 0.5 s less than my other melee classes . 
  they all had lightsabers too . 
  i 'm pretty sure it was horribly uncompressed, 
  compared to many mmo 's , it 's great , and my favourites are azys lla and la noscea . 
  myanmar went to the moon ? 
  i remember a comparison from somewhere where it said that the bible had more violent passages overall , but the quran had more relative to its size . 
  yeah , but encrypted time was n't until 2.55 , and if you 're running wod for the twine you probably would have run it for the time too . 
  the moslems !!!! 11 !!, 
  ! 11one, 
  only on like 2 or 3 games . 
  he 's a great character , but his recovery is trash unless you use limit break . 
  because all the funding was taken by the lieberal socialist bernie to fund welfare thugs and liberal arts graduates . 
  15 pls, 
  seriously , what war was fought where the enemy wanted to take away the right to stand on an american flag ? 
  i 'm pretty sure most terrorists would celebrate people doing that , not try and take it away . 
  bring back conscription !!!!! 1 !!! 1 !!! one11 !!!!, 
   hey where can i go to find spoilers ? 
  how about the movie ? 
  quadra kill : ` rasengan ' - weeaboo jones, 
  pentakill : ` my nigga u just got roasted ' - papa frank, 
  ffxiv is actually my first mmo ( unless you count club penguin ) and at first i was a noob tank ( like the ` point bosses at players so you can see them both in the same area ' kind ) but since then i 've become sort of ok . one of my friends is looking to make the switch from tera but has no moneys so getting a free copy would be good . 
  my favourite ff games are anniversary i , v ( i 'm one of the two people who do n't hate the ios and android sprites , and my xiv characters last name is the same as bartz ) and vii ( hyped for the remake ) . 
  if you buy the games months or even years after they originally came out , bug fixes or new content may have come out , which all require downloading . 
  they all had lightsabers too , and a lot of good it did them . 
  if a liberal does n't like abortions , she does n't get one/he does n't ask his partner to get one . 
  if a conservative does n't like abortions , he shoots the place up and gets praised for it by brain dead idiots, 
  i remember at least a few people saying that he ` saved the babies ' or something , but i ca n't remember where so take it as you will . 
  the animated portion is n't the best , but it 's a decent way to level alts so i 'm not unhappy about it . 
  awoken is actually pretty good , since it 's only 10 dungeons that do n't need to be run with the weapon ( until the exit ) . 
  combined with a zeta for the first step , it 's a very easy way to get a cheap i200 weapon for alts . 
  the anima step , in my opinion , is pretty bad , so i 'll personally be skipping it until it gets nerfed later on . 
   i like owning slaves, 
  george washington ( maybe ), 
  i personally have n't beat him with 4 ninjas , but if you can stand a longer fight i 'd recommend 1-2 designated healers to heal every turn . 
  another nice thing is that you can do zodiac and awoken dungeons at the same time . 
  i went into sastasha hm for my i200 war and got surprised when the item for my sasuke 's blades dropped as well . 
  i like how so many people say they 're not afraid to say merry christmas , as if hordes of pc marxist atheists are waiting with a sniper rifle to shoot anyone who says it . 
  i 'll go to work if i can get a small loan of a million dollars first . 
  i 'm pretty sure there are 18 year olds at war now , and that there were 18 year olds getting offended at stuff in 1945 too, 
  modelling yourself off saudi arabia is n't usually a good idea .
