  this way will get you one of the best weapons in the game , however you need to be very skilled to clear final coil . 
  third is primal weapons . 
  currently , you can get one i90 weapon per week for clearing garuda , titan and ifrit extreme . 
  this is not recommended , as a relic weapon zenith is far easier to get and more than one can be done per week . 
  an i95 weapon drops from leviathan extreme , which can be upgraded to an i100 weapon with a mirror of the whorl ( also from leviathan ex ) . 
  ramuh extreme drops an i100 weapon , and shiva extreme drops an i110 weapon which can be upgraded to an i115 weapon with six diamond dusts ( also from shiva ex ) . 
  there are also tomestone weapons . 
  for 1300 soldiery ( which is used to purchase 10 soldiery tokens in mor dhona ) , and an unidentified allagan tomestone ( drops from second coil turn 2 and syrcus tower ) , you can get a weathered soldiery weapon . 
  this can then be upgraded to an i110 weapon with a sands of time at the same place as the soldiery gear . 
  a burtgang ( paladin sword ) only requires 7 tokens ( 910 soldiery ) and 1 tomestone due to the noct hoplon ( shield ) being separate . 
  next , for 1300 poetics ( which is used to buy 10 tokens ) and one encrypted tomestone ( currently only available in final coil turn 2 , but possibly being added to world of darkness weekly quest ) , you will get an i120 ironworks magitek weapon . 
  this can be upgraded to an i130 augmented ironworks weapon with 1 carbontwine ( available from world of darkness weekly quest , or final coil ) . 
  paladin sword only requires 7 tokens , and paladin shield can be bought for 390 poetics as well . 
  finally there is crafted weapons . 
  i 'm not sure of all the tiers , but i 'm pretty sure it 's at i70 , i90 and i110 too . 
  these weapons ( as with crafted gear ) can be melded , but faces the same costs as the crafted gear as well . 
  hope this could be of use to you . 
  feel free anyone to point something i missed or got wrong . 
  max out your thief and monk ( oracle on gba/ios ) for max stats on your freelancer . 
  beating kid icarus on nes . 
  i 'd wish for the evil person to die ( i 'd specifically name the person in the wish so he does n't kill me ) , always have enough money to buy whatever i want , and a pc that magically keeps itself updated with the currently fastest hardware . 
  imagine taking 11 years to reach pluto in s space game , or 24 hours to move the camera across the civilisation map . 
  supa hot fire . 
  i would name tortoises blastoise . 
  if i have a supercomputer i 'm pretty sure i could get a virtual machine working with no performance loss . 
  last airbender had aang see monk gyatso 's dead body in the southern air temple . 
  go on a space flight to mars . 
  if i run out of food , starving is painful so i ca n't starve , suffocating is painful so can survive a vacuum , etc. 
   i think i 'm an axe murderer, 
  and there is the difference . 
  thinking you are gay or trans generally makes you gay or trans , since it is your thoughts that determine that ( generally ) . 
  with an axe murderer however , there is a specific act ( murdering someone with an axe ) that is required to become an axe murderer . 
  you ca n't just ` think ' you 're an axe murderer , either you are or you are n't . 
  they can access reddit , but not imgur . 
  on an unrelated note , i have now been promoted to satan of hell and ceo of comcast . 
  one time in st as a nin i just did my aeolian edge combo and moved with one hand while grinding in pokemon blue with the other hand . 
  i still did n't die , and other people did . 
  i think this subreddit has desensitised me to the word unconstitutional . 
  virtual console releases for steam would be great . 
  then who was phone ? 
  tfw the far right and the far left say the same thing . 
  `` the germans would have won the war if alan turing had tried to crack enigma on a console '' . 
  i 'd be guaranteed a job at valve , but unless the owner is in the pc master race , nowhere else . 
  machinists , alexander and flying mounts . 
  based on difficulty , titan ex for the landslides and weights of the land , and based on atmosphere/soundtrack , battle in the big keep or leviathan hm/ex . 
  he will lower reddit gold taxes by 15 % !, 
  you must have fought with wimpy fire , try getting an mma fire next time . 
  i used a wii remote without wearing the wrist strap . 
  as free as gordon free-man . 
  because the government is too lazy to perform the fusion ritual to fuse the ice cubes into glacier ice . 
  jet fuel simply can not melt steel beams . 
  this was a set up by the plane companies to drive the steel beam companies to bankruptcy , when they will buy out the companies cheap , then create ` steel 2.0 ' that ` ca n't be melted by jet fuel ' , but is really the same but without the thing that caused 9/11 . 
  everyone knows jews own all companies in the world . 
  they used their elite border crossing methods to cross the border at light speed . 
  plus jet muertas ca n't melt steel beams . 
  i guess you could say it was worth the weight . 
  stop being such a toxic masculine power fantasy inserting yourself into a conversation between 5 ( counting headmates ) tri gender polyfluid demisexual woc 's , shitlord !, 
  from tumblr , the most reliable source in existence . 
  excuse me , the correct term is monkey-kin , shitlord !, 
  it 's obvious this conversation is going nowhere , so just donate to my patreon , k thx bye . 
  still applies to tumblr . 
  oh damn , giveaways of civ v always make me feel bad that i bought the non complete version full price back when i was an uneducated semi peasant . 
  i mean , it would be nice if i got a cheque for $ 100,000 but whatever . 
  well , satan can give you eternal life . 
  a painful one , sure , but no less eternal . 
  tumblr :, 
   do n't tell jews to hide in attics , tell nazi 's to stop rounding up jews for concentration camps . 
  mini hovering leviathan . 
  i 'd say rest in peace but everyone knows consciousness ends after death and there is no god !, 
  [ euphoric intensifies ] ( / / #tipping ), 
  because there 's some bible verse that says that deep down everyone really believes in god but they just hate him/want to sin so they pretend he does n't exist . 
  pretty sure it 's in romans , but i 'm on mobile and ca n't look it up now . 
  `` beep . 
  beep . 
  beep '' - satellites, 
  180 hours in and i 've gotten a single win in emperor ( amidst many failures ) and can regularly win in king . 
  looks like someone failed basic life-ology . 
  black = / = arabic . 
  obama is n't even a muslim . 
  lol , a fnaf-kin who did n't read the lore . 
  pls deliver op otherwise u r a fundie since their god never delivers . 
  sorry white gay males , y' all ca n't be fly as shit anymore . 
  that 's what us cishets have been warning you about for years . 
  come join us in the heteronormative oppressors club and your straight privilege will enable you to appropriate whatever you want . 
  lord gaben is the one exception to this . 
  i doubt any teacher would mark down a student blessed by god , for fear of being smited . 
  no half life 3 for you . 
  30 fps is more cinematic . 
  i do n't know how many labyrinths of the ancients are in your area , but there 's not a whole lot in mine . 
  when i joined a titan ex clear group in pf , it was just me and the other guy for a while . 
  i began ranting to what i thought was one of my linkshells about only having 20k at the moment and being totally poor , but was actually the party chat , and he gave me 1 million gil to shut up . 
  neil smokedegrasse tyson , aka black science man would like to remind you that there is nothing more dank that faithsmashing fundies , tipping your fedora and posting dank maymays on the internet . 
  1 - 3 are quite difficult , so save them for later . 
  xi and xiv are mmos , with subscription fees , so do n't play them unless you fancy paying every month ( if you are , they 're great games otherwise ) . 
  4 - 7 are probably the best place to start , since they 're some of the best of the series , and are also some of the easiest ( internationally at least ) . 
  8 is a little different from the others , and has the best card game ever , and i ca n't comment on 9 - 12 , since i have n't played them . 
  stalin was white too . 
  no , you would be a sapiens sapiens , learn your science better . 
  the real question here is why you changed pronouns midway . 
  it seems / r/magicskyfairy is leaking .
