  guns are n't the cause of violence , they 're the means . 
  if i beat you to death with a book , was the book the cause of violence ? 
   i think that the cause of violence in america is the culture of violence , as evident in violent movies and video games, 
  violent media can be the tipping point for someone already insane , but they wo n't take someone sane and turn them insane . 
   a hellworld dominated by a capitalist white supremacist patriarchy . 
  right . 
  because only capitalist white males have ever caused violence . 
  ever heard of mao zedong ? 
  a communist poc male who caused the largest death toll in the world ? 
   the really funny thing is that they both contribute to it with their selfish ideologies . 
  yep . 
  liberals going `` omg guns cause shootings '' and conservatives going `` omg video games cause shootings '' really makes the problem a * whole * lot worse , does n't it ? 
   the bartender sees a duck trying to walk into the bar out of the corner of his eye and yells `` i 'm not serving you anymore , you keep putting drinks on your bill '', 
  hey , a real joke !, 
  who 'd have though it ? 
  pretty sure that was only in the movies . 
  i 'm pretty sure a higher order being like a fallen angel would n't have such crippling mental problems . 
  welcome to the sexually frustrated white men club . 
  here is your complementary whip , fedora , packet of doritos/can of mountain dew , and extra 21c per wage . 
  jews and japanese people do n't count btw , they had enough white privilege stored up from ww2 to make them honourary whites . 
  someone was in a car crash , let 's ban cars !, 
  someone was stabbed , let 's ban knives !, 
  someone drowned , let 's ban water !, 
  something to do with power + privilege . 
  internalised misogyny mk ii strikes back . 
   `` if earth was on fire after the big bang , how did the first cell develop in such harsh conditions ? '', 
  life first generated about 500 million to 1 billion years after the big bang , which would be plenty of time to cool down . 
   `` did humans crawl out of a swamp ? 
  how did we evolve from a water-based organism ? '', 
  the mudskipper is an example of a fish that can survive for extended periods of time out of water ( by coating itself in mud before leaving on pseudo legs ) , which is similar to how sea animals started to go to land , and then stayed there, 
   `` if everything started off from a big bang , how is earth in mathematically perfect distance away from the sun that allows survivable conditions for all living things ? '', 
  if conditions had never been right for our kind of life , our kind of life would never have came about . 
  the earth may have remained lifeless , or a new kind of life may have come about that could have survived those conditions . 
  also , our main light source gives us cancer and will kill us in 6 billion years , which seems like a huge design flaw . 
   `` is it all just a coincidence that there is no other place like earth in rest of the milky way galaxy as far as humans know ? '', 
  humans do n't know a whole lot . 
  voyager is currently the only interstellar probe , and it has n't come nearly close enough to a planet to check for life . 
  it 's going to be very hard , if not impossible to see microorganisms with a telescope . 
   `` why is a human body such a perfect creation with no flaws -- from toes to brains ? '', 
  could i direct you to the wisdom teeth , the appendix , and people with mental and physical defects like autism and sleep apnoea ? 
   `` why do humans have conscience from what is wrong and what is right ? '', 
  because a society that killed everyone it disagreed with would never have been able to take off . 
  humans need to work together to survive , and we use empathy to do that . 
   `` everything is so perfect , it can not all be just a coincidence . 
  there must be a higher power ( nicolas cage or aliens ) at work . '', 
  what 's so perfect about it ? 
  perfection is relative . 
  what seemed perfect to an egyptian pharaoh would be primitive to us . 
  the earth has a cut off date where all life will end in 6 billion years , a wayward asteroid could wipe us all out , global warming could cause millions of deaths , a supervirus could cripple the world , etc. 
  what do you hold to be ` perfect ' ? 
  because all men rape , and your lack of raping has caused you to become humourless . 
  uh , i think you meant sexually frustrated transethnic xer 's . 
  this raises an interesting point actually . 
  since everyone can see past 30 fps , does that make everyone a super human ? 
  and if so , are we super normal humans , or normal super humans ? 
  it shows that you can be great in one area , but terrible in another . 
  isaac newton was a creationist after all . 
  i do n't think he should be forced to not be a doctor , but you should also be able to reject him ( not that i would ) . 
  i 'd rather have someone equally or more qualified who also believes in evolution operate on me , but i 'd rather have him than some intern who 'd only been studying medicine for 5 days . 
  happy hanukkah as well . 
  i think you mean in the entire universe , heaven and sheol . 
  i believe [ this ] ( http://creepypasta.wikia.com/wiki/an_egg ) may be that story . 
  so , every christian ? 
  edit : thanks random reddit golderer !, 
  everyone knows that to pass parenting 101 you have to love your family most of all , which excludes all christians who follow luke 14:26, 
  i think he 's employing the no true scotsman fallacy , by asserting that jews are n't ` true swedes ' . 
  i do n't know , i 'm more afraid of a wayward asteroid strike . 
  thanks obama, 
  when did the jews ever try to kill anyone ? 
  right , because there are * no * christians in jail . 
  if this is a dog ` praying ' , then a parrot trained to say `` heil hitler '' is a nazi . 
   mens fashion form has not changed, 
  yes because i dress exactly the same as shakespeare , julius caesar and george washington all did . 
  do takeshi 's challenge for the famicom . 
  made by taito and japanese comedian takeshi kitano , this game contains such bizarre tasks as staring at a blank screen for an hour . 
  if i did n't find this on an sjw site , i 'd probably think it was porn . 
   religious symbols, 
  apparently to be part of a religion you also have to be a part of that culture . 
   you do realize jellyfish do n't have brains , right ? 
  neither do tumblrinas . 
  originally the american salute was the nazi salute ( i think it was called the bellamy salute ) but when the nazi 's co-opted it , the americans changed to the hand over the heart . 
  i 'm guessing this person has never heard of loki , voldemort , president snow , darth vader ( oh but he wore a black suit ) , the nazis from indiana jones , biff tannen or just about every bond villain . 
  i doubt hitler thought he was doing good . 
  as you 've already said , freedom of speech . 
  that 's why wbc , neo nazis and the kkk still get to roam free , because of freedom of speech . 
  that 's why all those fundamentalists holding placards with long lists of who is going to hell do n't get locked . 
  my freedom does n't end where your feelings began . 
  you do n't have the right to not be offended . 
  because it 's 8:15 at night and all the parties are over now . 
  mitochondria is the powerhouse of the cell . 
  they 're spreading . 
  i enjoy eating slowpoke tails , and as a team rocket-kin you ca n't tell me not to . 
  did someone say quantum physics ? 
  do all deity-kins automatically hate nietzsche ? 
  i think that the developments ( irl i know little about quantum physics so i could be wrong ) stated that an electron had a 50 % of being in 1 place , and 50 % of being in the other . 
  when observed , the photons of the viewing device ( i think it 's meant to be a powerful microscope ) caused the trajectory of the electron to change , meaning it was impossible to observe where it was , meaning that it could be seen as being in both places at once . 
  schrodinger came up with schrodingers cat as a way to show how that was illogical . 
  ( bear in mind this could all be wrong ) . 
  well it could easily have happened , since most tumblrinas think being within 3 metres of a woman without a permit is harassment . 
  i doubt kim jong-un is sitting in his home crying from all the filthy western triggers in the interview .
