  the jews , obviously . 
  anniversary version of i , but back then i did n't really understand jrpg 's and gave up pretty early . 
  vii was the first one 1 really got into . 
  it 's possible to use odin ( only summoned from the magic lamp , not a summoner ) to instant kill one of the parts ( i think it 's the back ) , and to use a break spellblade to kill another ( i think it 's the top ) . 
  other than that , get rapid fire on a physical class and holy/flare on others . 
  make sure to kill both parts close to each other , otherwise the last one will spam meteor fairly frequently . 
  has potato, 
  in most ways it is , but it 's expensive , bulky and has port battery life compared to other controllers . 
   assassinated, 
  apparently one person going after one random trooper is right up there with jfk and franz ferdinand . 
  scale pls . 
  slavery worked for hundreds of years too , but that does n't mean you should do it . 
  conservative version :, 
   abortion should be illegal , all life is sacred, 
   nuking the entire middle east is the best solution for isis, 
  grab a shield and go sliding down the nearest hill : basically any ff . 
  i have a relevant . png for this, 
  i know this one !, 
  zeus turned into a * pizza * and raped a * maths textbook * !, 
  healers that dps and still keep everyone alive , tanks that build str and do n't die as a result , or dps that pull good utility ( nins that goad , mchs that promote their turrets etc ) . 
  more like anything a thug terrorist mooslim has !!!! 1 !!!! 111 !!!, 
  ! 1one, 
  what a surprise that a capitalist country that fought multiple anti communist wars does n't have people who fought for socialism . 
  hopefully with the next set of alex they do n't make the new nm a requirement for savage . 
  to be perfectly honest , i 'm somewhat glad for this , because i have a. 
  an overseas holiday planned ages in advance from late september to early october , and b. 
  exams from early to late october , which a new patch would have probably distracted me from . 
   sloppy design, 
  right in one . 
  dungeon : tam tara hm , praetorium , keeper of the lake, 
  trial : urths fount , ifrit ex , battle in the big keep, 
  raid : world of darkness , bcob turn 5 , alex 4 ( nm ), 
  i always used it for beast tribe quests to get into the strongholds without pulling dozens of extra enemies , as well as getting my nin relic in one originally . 
  paladin is a physical tank , warrior is a damage tank and dark knight is a magic tank . 
  this was the comment troll though . 
  well , gaius still teamed up with lahabrea , so an ascian-garlean alliance is n't impossible . 
  straight outta natalan . 
  unless you 're thinking homosexual thoughts . 
  capping esoterics and running alex 4 nm to try and get chest glamour . 
  one thing i thought would be cool would be if another pvp mode had you trialling illuminati tech recovered from alexander , like gobwalkers or other things . 
  it could be on a separate hard drive to the os . 
  that mooslem oboingummer !!!!!!! 11 !, 
  imo , life begins at conception , but humanity does n't . 
  you 'd call a few bacteria alive , but you would n't call them human . 
  iirc he got to wait a couple of years because of how young he was . 
  paul blart : mall cop, 
  my last comment was ` paul blart : mall cop ' so , yes . 
  one of my favourites is related to ravana from ffxiv ( spoilers ahead ), 
  in hindu mythology , ravana was given the gift of immortality to all but humans , who he did n't see as a threat . 
  after conquering territory and taking over countries , he was eventually defeated by a god in human form , which mirrors the events of ffxiv heavensward . 
  in the game , ravana is successfully able to defeat lady iceheart in the form of the god shiva ( ff one ) , but loses to you , the mortal . 
  skulduggery pleasant . 
  lance armstrong : final fantasy type 0 hd, 
  your ping is multiplied by 1000 for any online game , and your download speed is divided by the same number . 
  / r/conspiracy, 
  currently running msi r9 290 and get up to 90 fps normally , with drops to as low as 30 in hunts/big fates . 
  you have been banned from / r/conservative, 
  for every bacon strip in the halal section , 1 muslim dies . 
  first i played was i anniversary , but due to my low attention span at the time i did n't finish it for ages , making vii the first one i finished . 
  4chan has no owner . 
  he hacks what he wants . 
  by that logic you should n't try and fix someone 's broken bone if they were doing stupid stuff when it happened , because they need to face the consequences of their actions . 
  more like, 
   sickness must be purged, 
  gba : super mario world advance, 
  i did n't spend 20 years getting my phd in white privilege only to have an unprivilged minority tell me what to do . 
   prevent government atrocities, 
  except ones like guantanamo bay or the iraq war that you agree with . 
  finn and jake . 
  xenoblade chronicles . 
  of course the thugs are responsible !!!!!! 1 !!, 
  glorious pocs are n't the only ones with natural hair . 
  emperor palamecia with a wind up cyclone . 
  infinity blade 1-3 are really good , but you need a later gen iphone to run them well and they use masses of battery . 
  good, 
  dead space , final fantasy xiv , hl2, 
  fallout 4 , doom 4 , final fantasy vii remake ( not soon at all , but whatever ), 
  i think he means battle on the big bridge . 
  drake the kind of nigga to pick up the prostitutes in gta to drive them to a safer neighbourhood . 
  to add to that , she also barred her employees from doing it , even though they wanted to , and she still refused to even after a supreme court order , and was jailed in contempt of court until she agreed to start issuing them . 
  she 's out now , but i 'm not sure if she or her employees have started doing them . 
  somehow grandma conservatives have managed to twist the statement ` guns make it significantly easier to kill ' to ` being in the presence of a gun is a guaranteed death sentence ' . 
  remember the 50 million aborted babies !!! 1111 !!!, 
  land of the free !, 
  ( white christians that is ), 
  for the same reason he makes angels in the clouds , to affirm the beliefs of stupid people and do jack shit for actual conversions . 
  floor 1 : proud clod from vii , floor 2 : ultima buster from vi , floor 3 : giant of babil ( but less giant ) from iv , and floor 4 : alexander defence systems ( with a better name ) as an original ( it 's at this point where you realise alex is still operational even without the gordian knot ) . 
  weakest link currently fx-6300 . 
  steam version has mods too . 
  reaching i210 ( basically beat a1s for a ring and get eso for everything else ) , as well as get 500 commendations ( currently on 455 ) . 
   disney, 
  there are adult disney characters and movies you know, 
  yeah , because the reason democrats do n't want to nuke the shit out of isis is * definitely * because they 're cowards . 
  one word : wehrmacht, 
  remember josh duggar ? 
  that 's just how it works with the right . 
  dear 4chan , congratulations , you got a reaction from users . 
  that 's what you wanted , right ? 
  well , i 've decided i do n't like people like you . 
  you 've messed with the community of the wrong psychopath .
