most expensive and inefficient vote frauding ever, 
  yeah sometimes criticism of sweden and swedes are extremely needed , that really is not the case here though, 
  how do you build an office without ikea and legos ? 
  i do n't get it, 
  oh god aliz\u00e9e , biggest crush of my childhood, 
  i think that if you separated `` black people '' and `` somalis '' , the results would be different . 
  we are a very americanised culture , when we hear black people most think of obama , dave chappelle , biggie etc, 
  * i think it looks a bit too cluttered , it 's not very pleasant for the eyes . 
  the system over at r/france seems a lot smoother . 
   why would they want a stronger , better turkey ? 
  a strong , secular , democratic member of nato being able to influence and project power in the middle east ( and all the muslim world ) would be very beneficial to the west . 
   please do tell me what makes you feel the other way around . 
  i really wonder . 
  this country might not be filled with religious conservative nutjobs , but it is still filled with intolerant , arrogant control freaks . 
  the same `` if you do n't think as the majority you are retarded '' attitude that exists all over the world exists here . 
  it is a weakened people/culture , afraid of defending peoples rights due to a fear of offending certain people . 
  a culture who has produced most is fighters per capita in the west , honour killings and women in the suburbs not being able to wear what they wish for fear of repercussions from the community . 
  and , well , the weather is awful . 
  awful . 
  but as i said before , many of us suffer from the `` grass is greener '' syndrome . 
  i grew up partly in greece ( greek mum ) and frequently traveled through southern europe , and now glorify those countries . 
  it 's human nature , to look for something different . 
   in the long run our country could educate and make them forget their tribal customs but this is hard and no government would be willingly do that since it is easier to manipulate them that way . 
  it is hard , but it can surely be done , if it could happen in europe it can be done in turkey , no ? 
   you are really lucky to be born in such a great country . 
  i too realise i am lucky sometimes , even though it often feels the other way around . 
  grass is always greener on the other side you know . 
  but germany are part of the cool kids club , so it 's ok, 
  i feel that this is the issue with many states , our society and our values are obviously not for everyone , and so forcing it upon them is futile , and only creates the absurd situation you speak of . 
  but there must still be lots of turk that value ataturks legacy highly , and you ca n't just give up and keep on blaiming the kurds for being backwards , if you want to keep a free , democratic and secular nation . 
  i know , this is very easy for me to say , but i 'm not sure what elsei could say . 
  you do n't really get netflix to watch quality shows like got or true detective or wjatever , but rather to search for an hour and then find a film you never would have watched if not for netflix . 
  or to binge 10 seasons of friends in 3 days, 
  well , you have a point . 
   what can we do if uneducated , low culture level people are majority and the government does not really want to fix that . 
  there 's your problem though . 
  we were n't always a pinkie scandinavian country where everything is perfect , that used to be you , and we were the backwards place . 
  if the eastern region as you say are a lost cause then surely so is the western aswell , since you put up with it . 
  of course it is easy for me to say this since i am on the other side , but our democracy , freedom and rights were n't given to us , it was paid for in blood . 
  if it 's anytging like here it will mostly be a tool to watch foreign films , old 80s/90s classics and some of the mainstream tv-series . 
  even us catalogue is pretty shit , but hey atleast it is convenient . 
  i 've discovered many good films through it, 
   a villager 's vote and a proffesor 's vote shouldnt be same . 
  i do n't know man that 's a pretty slippery slope, 
  lol that 's cute !, 
  all countries have their fair share of cringey stupid people !, 
  no , it 's how you use it :(, 
  \u00c5 \u00c4 \u00d6 bitch, 
  [ what ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/compulsory_sterilisation_in_sweden ) [ no ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/schwedentrunk ) [ we 're ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/viking_expansion ) [ all ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/mattias_flink ) [ saints ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/internment_camps_in_sweden_during_world_war_ii ), 
  yeah i know foreigners sometimes think i 'm stupid when i speak swedish to my friends :(, 
  that 's how sophisticated our alphabets are , they convey emotion not only through words but even through letters !, 
  because \u00d6 is a badass letter . 
  even the turks use it !, 
   how many moroccan immigrants are in europe ? 
  would n't surprise me if barcelona and rotterdam alone had more than 300.000 moroccans, 
  but russians are white christians , if they tried to do shit in our countries they would not last long . 
  turks , on the other hand ... 
  what ?!, 
  i liked the french guy who writes bilingually, 
  not quite , 80000 might have applied , 35000 were granted asylum . 
  still , a very big number and only 10k fewer than the record year of 94 ( balkan wars ) . 
  maybe they want to see what the rest of the world thinks of germany , i 'm merely speculating :p, 
  people type `` g '' expecting `` germany '' to pop up and then presses enter ending up on the `` g '' article . 
  i know i have done similar mistakes plenty of times . 
  might be a little farfetched though ... 
  i 'll make sure to do that the next time i meet him , 
  make what okay ? 
  the high immigration or the white flight phenomena ? 
  only the first issue can we fix , we ca n't decide where people should live . 
  thank you, 
  fairly certain this happens in all of western europe experiencing high immigration . 
  white flight is nothing new, 
  how is erdogan pronounced anyway ? 
  football is serious stuff . 
  it 's an escape from the real world ( which often sucks ) , and brings out a lot of emotions , be they political or not . 
  what you 're describing is pretty much the problem , we 're afraid we will turn out as the us . 
  because our nationalist party totally has n't risen from being virtually insignificant to challenging the second biggest party in 10 years ... 
  this is in a country that has practically been ruled by the same party ( social-democrats ) since the 1920s what do you expect people to do ? 
  gather the pitchforks and drive all immigrants out ? 
  we 're swedes , we have n't been to war in 200 years !, 
  our culture revolves around avoiding conflict and not to stand out from the masses . 
  it has n't happened in france , britain or the netherlands , who all experience the same problems , why would it happen here ? 
  this suggestion comes up once in a while , but it really has no grounds in reality . 
  some european nations are known simply as `` massmurdering colonizers '' by many people in the world . 
  even i have been called it , simply because of my name . 
  we have become way too infamous as `` the colonisers '' to ever be able to try something like that again . 
  it would cause a massive outcry , both in europe and outside , far outscaling the possible positive effects that `` re-colonisation '' could bring . 
  my yaya does, 
   england is to europe as texas is to the usa . 
  is that supposed to be a bad thing ? 
  many of us care a great deal . 
  like it or not , the uk is very important to the eu and vice versa . 
  to have the strongest military power in europe leave would be a devastating blow to the union . 
  huh . 
  i feel drowzy and like the day has n't officially started until i get to shower, 
  how do you manage to get up in the morning without running to the shower ? 
  i 'm impressed, 
  what do they mean accept 40000 ? 
  i 'm fairly certain we accept more than 40000 each year , what 's so special about these 40k ? 
  i 'm not sure how many of you like hiking/camping in the wild , but the norweswedish north is fantastic for this .
