  immigrants working and integrating are generally not a problem for most sane people though, 
  oh yes we absolutely have it coming , those that are not prepared to defend their welfare are not worth it , yknow, 
  one should n't force equal pay , if one sex chooses to work more than the other it is their right to do so, 
  they are populated by people who loves to force others to do what they do ? 
  we 're so fucked , half the world wants to come here now that we have spread our `` humanitarian superpower '' bullshit, 
  very important point . 
  it 's generally spoiled , entitled 2nd generation immigrants causing these kinds of problems, 
  for me personally it is because this voting system of yours is so utterly un-sexy . 
  so it 's going to be conservatives or labour . 
  now it 's conservatives or labour + snp . 
  yay, 
  well i have met one romanian in sweden and about 20.999 romas, 
  meh , we just got carried away and took things too far , we tend to do that sometimes, 
  yeah man fuck education !!, 
  wooo !!, 
  pupils having own responsibility rocks !, 
  oh boo-fucking-hoo , you have what , 10k asylum seekers in a nation of 65m ? 
  olive germans ? 
  mafia germans ? 
  vespa germans ? 
  so many stereotypes !, 
  pasta germans , obviously, 
  come on mate afsluit = obviously avslut ( closure , closed w/e ) . 
  get on our germanic speaking level, 
  swedish english does norwegian and danish count ? 
  i can read and communicate ( kinda , fucking danes and their vowels man ) in those 2 languages . 
  would like to learn spanish , thinking about working in south america later on . 
  hopefully i 'll get myself to do it, 
  hey guys if you want cheap cr ... quality planes we make them so cheap even brasil can afford the - oh wait you already have gripen are you calling our wonders of engineering garbage ? 
  visionaries always seem crazy to their contemporaries, 
  [ yup ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/femail/article-1326783/how-king-carl-gustaf-sweden-enjoyed-wild-sex-parties-strippers.html#comments-1326783 ), 
  yes , china is definitely a better place to live in than france , portugal , us etc. . . 
  well his job is to serve you beer not talk to you , i 'm with you on this one, 
  i do n't think most people seriously love them , but we sure like having them around , because they 're a pretty cool gang of people . 
  i mean , the king buys hookers , has dyslexia and smokes cigarettes , the queen talks funny , one of the princesses is hot as fuck and the other pretty competent . 
  the prince drives formula one or whatever and crown princess victorias husband looks exactly like a guy from a commercial . 
  the king has essentially turned into a meme online , there are tons of `` murica '' style pictures of him riding elks and punching putin or whatever , and there has been plenty of parodies of the royal family on tv for as long as i can remember . 
  we like them because we think they 're funny , really . 
  also they make old people genuinly happy, 
  more radical in what way ? 
  i do n't know , castillian spanish sounds so rough . 
  i like argentinian spanish , sounds dreamy, 
  seems like a very similar situation to ours then , only those that are really into it wants to become a soldier since there really is n't any money in it . 
  i got ~ 500 euros a month when i did my 3 month basic training , had i continued and become a soldier it would have risen to ~ 2000 euro a month including housing but excluding additional salaries ( i think every night out in field generates an extra 90 euro or something for example ) . 
  is that much in a european army perspective ? 
  i honestly have no idea . 
  the salary was what scared away most people from taking the step from recruit to soldier though . 
  how can we have such a miniscule army when we spend so much on it ? 
  6 billion dollars are more than most eu nations , yet it is one of the smallest, 
  except it would n't . 
  we already spend tons of money on education , healthcare and immigration , yet our education system is among the worst in europe and currently in a state of free fall , healthcare is cheap but nothing extraordinary ( least amount of hospital beds per capita in eu for example ) and our immigration system is in complete chaos . 
  money just sinks into a black hole here aswell . 
  oh do n't worry i did n't find it offensive . 
   one has to keep in mind that we are on an internet forum that reaches out to 300.000 people , out of a population of 700.000.000 . 
  what you see in here certainly does n't reflect what the average european thinks . 
  it might , to a small degree , reflect what a very specific demographic ( mainly young , middle class men ) thinks . 
  if you would ask 100 estonians on the street if they perceive the nordics as some kind of role model or if they would like others to percieve themselves as nordic , i doubt many would be of the opinion that `` nordics are the best zomg '' . 
  it is also important to notice that when circlejerks ( that 's actually a pretty good word for it because i ca n't come up with anything else ) like these arise , the vast majority of people participating in it are not members of what originally caused the jerk . 
  if , for example , there are 3 estonians constantly raging on about `` eesti is nordic '' etc , then there will be 9 estonians saying `` shut up man and be estonian '' , and then 81 other europeans joining in with the `` eesti wants to be nordic '' perspective because fuck it 's quite amusing . 
  so when you and i enter the discussion , all we see are 93 people talking about how much estonians wish they were scandinavians , and so our perceptions of the whole situation are very much skewed , and we might think that `` man those estonians sure wants to be scandinavians '' , whilst in reality only 3 out of 93 people actually see the nordics as some kind of paradise . 
  well , i 'm rambling ( having a slow friday night heh ... ) but those are my theories atleast . 
  yeah i do n't think it 's a bad thing either , i just think it 's an amusing phenomenon to witness . 
  we 're trying our best : /, 
  lutheranian morals man , we should 've stayed catholic, 
  why would a raise in taxes be a good idea ? 
  do you seriously think it would improve the economy in any way , that the state would actually gain money from it ? 
  it 's absurd how many people believe that raising taxes are the only way a nation makes money , and that `` by raising taxes 5 % we would get 5 % more income '' . 
  you 've been through atleast 12 years of decent education , seriously man, 
   why exactly are we constantly sucking the nordic model 's dick ? 
  and why do baltic states have such a boner to become `` nord '' ? 
  it 's rather disturbing . 
  they do n't . 
  reddit is a terrible representative of the general population, 
  oh , that 's cute , 
   the eu federalism that permeates this subreddit is about power , not prosperity . 
  the people who claim `` oh we do n't do nationalism here '' have just replaced nationalism for their country with nationalism for the pipe dream of a united states of europe . 
  thaaaaank you, 
  of course , i 'm certainly not expecting any european country to fall into anarchy any time soon . 
  are there any indicators that the situation is going to improve in the near future though ? 
  i know spain atleast has started to see a little improvement , with unenmployment falling a little bit and economy growing again . 
  sounds like you are having quite the ideal set up for a massive brain drain there :( thank you for the explanation though , very informative !, 
  dude , read the graph , uk pays more than you do per capita aswell . 
  aww yes , luxembourg germany sweden austria , die arbeiter !, 
  i see . 
  landet bror, 
   hah , i can imagine if i tried to bring a girl home ... no wait i ca n't . 
  having a hard time deciding if that was a punch directed at you or your family ... 
  many of my relatives in greece move back to their parents after university , and then the cycle just kinda continues ( ie they have kids , parents become grandparents , grandparents die , kids go to university then moves back in etc etc ) , is this normal in portugal aswell ? 
  it is an obvious reaction to the widespread and oppressive islamophobia existing in the middle east / north africa, 
  fixing broken infrastructure , aiding rescue services in case of natural disasters and in some cases police in social disasters are very important aspects of todays military, 
   sauna sauna perkele :3 ~ that is ... disturbing, 
  and you would be right , norway does n't have a problem with inbreeding, 
  that sounds like an interesting case , and i 'd like to read more about it . 
  do you think you could give me some more specific details on where i could do so ? 
  if it is this easy to fool people into thinking such ridiculous things , imagine what we could spread about the russians, 
   the birth rate is lowest in norway . 
  inbreeding in norway is greatest in the world , the same is the percentage of children born with down syndrome and other birth defects . 
   would you say that it is particularly easy to take immigrants ' children from the family to satisfy the desires of a family who do not have children ? 
  simply and cynical , as if it were in a shoe store ? 
  asks broadcaster .
