  they now spend their days shouting at eachother , the rest of us not really caring . 
  i think i 've read somewhere that catalonia would have the 3rd largest muslim population in europe were they to secede from spain ( after fra and bel ) , so it 's not so strange that there are tension in barcelona of all places . 
  just smile and ignore them , eventually they will get bored and walk away . 
  you 'll learn with time my sons . 
  [ yup !, 
  ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/txt/?qid=1431453958735&amp;uri=uriserv:ai0026 ) this clause is what would probably drag in us aswell . 
  the goal is certainly not to be able to single handedly take out one of the worlds superpowers , but rather to keep them occupied until britan/france can reinforce . 
  when it comes to russia , i think most of us consider `` not getting rekt in 40 days '' to be a victory, 
  i think it is because many consider it our `` moral duty '' . 
  you know , love thy neighbour , protect the weak , turn the other cheek etc. 
  for such an atheist country our mentality is superchristian, 
  what a cunt, 
  who on earth calls us a banana republic ? 
  i 've always wondered , what kind of people is it that nationalists in portugal ( and spain maybe ) despise/want to send home ? 
  is it other westerners to or mostly ... you know darker people ? 
  i 'm asking because the racists here tend to see all europeans as their brothers , cooperating with englishmen aswell as poles . 
  however when my mum grew up she got plenty of shit because she was greek and thus `` racially inferior '' or whatever . 
  poles used to be considered nothing more than cheap labour , working and living like rats in the 80s/90s ( even by many less hardline people ) . 
  i find it interesting how the attitudes on who is `` racially acceptable '' has changed drastically during the recent decades . 
  i 'm not sure , we had the same situation when the leader of the swedishdemocrats ( ukip deluxe ) , who too is believed to account for much of the partys success , revealed he was mentally and physically exhausted and thus had to temporarily resign , leaving everyone including himself very uncertain whether or not he would come back . 
  8 months and countless of antidepressants and therapy later he is back , and the support for the party did n't waver once . 
  in fact , they now regularly poll in the 15-16 % range , compared to 12,9 in the elevtion last year . 
  what i mean to say is that as long as these voters percieve these questions to be huge problems , they will stick to the only party advocating the change they want , making these parties the only opposition ( fittingly the new parole of the sd ) in this , according to them , monumental question . 
  edit : could i have made that first sentence any shorter ? 
  it reads a bit clumsy imo . 
  i 'm still learning , 
  argentina is as western as it gets ... 
  well . . no of course not ... 
  this attitude that theboardgameguy now exhibits is at the core of the problem when it comes to why so many swedes are for this excessive policy of ours . 
  the idea that everyone crossing our borders are fleeing from a certain death threat , regardless of where they come from . 
  lots of people actually thinks this is the case . 
  there even was a case a couple of years ago where a girl was being sent back to her mother in france , causing massive outcry . 
  `` france ? 
  such a barbaric country ?!, 
  she 'll be killed ! '' . 
  the girl eventually got to stay, 
  the damage is already done now , sweden and germany has a reputation of fairytale countries that all regugees eventually want to come too . 
  it 's not sustainable for either countries , and as refugees are still pouring into europe the situation will only improve if other nations take in a sizeable amount aswell . 
  that might be so , but the tyrant still has to be overthrown if actual progress is to happen , and that will mean a period of instability that is arguably worse than the tyrant . 
  woah turkey that 's haram , calm yourself !, 
  to me the most disgusting part is the `` oh you little cutie '' attitude people get to foreigners speaking english . 
  like `` hey look at the african trying to speak english , adorable ! '', 
  racism of lower expectations if you want, 
  i have yet to find one . 
  been searching for 19 years , still no one in sight !, 
  spent some weeks in barcelona , met like ... 3 swedes . 
  and six million peruvians, 
  see it 's a win win , we rent your beaches and you get to see our ... uhhh ... soviet style concrete buildings ? 
  ah well you know how it is . 
  sun , cheap , girls , food , drinks , music etc etc. 
  ca n't blame us , cold as hell up here, 
  well duh , half the world cramps into barcelona in summer, 
  i 'm not sure what 's happening here ? 
  `` candidates to president of aragon '' , as in the old kingdom of aragon that used to rule the catalan part of spain ? 
  or am i reading it wrong ? 
  edit : oh right it 's still a region , til, 
  tbh i think they are a bit more hardline in a western european sense than we give them credit for . 
  there was a lot of outcry in ukip when they decided to cooperate with sd in the eu parliament . 
  that 's what municipal elections are for is n't it ? 
  i do n't know how centralized the uk is , are you telling me someone who gets elected in his county has practically no power to change anything in that county ? 
  also i do n't see why it would matter whether a politician does a good job or not . 
  democracy is horrible if you want an efficient system , but it is fairer than the rest . 
  yes , definitely , this is what has happened in sweden to a degree , where all parties are quite urbancentric . 
  why should a ( in this case urban ) majority not be more represented than the periphery though ? 
   i personally do n't mind first past the post if it keeps ukip and the bnp out of parliament . 
  that 's pretty much the problem is n't it ? 
  13 % of the people should be represented by 13 % of the mps , no matter if they are nazis , communsits or moderates . 
  wow your voting system is shit, 
  muahahah i can watch it edit : no , i was wrong , i ca n't . 
  screw you denmark :(, 
  ah yes , our education is the pinnacle humanity, 
  how many hqs do brussels host anyway ? 
  i do n't wan na be part of your damn federation, 
   no , but the person on the picture is in no way 14 years old . 
  we have no means of knowing , rendering speculations about his age useless . 
  i have certainly seen 14 year olds looking like him before though , people age extremely differently ( which , btw and off topic , is why so many of these young talents later on simply disappear into irrelevance , many only have the advantage of entering puberty early on ) . 
   could be , i was just speculating , you were assuming because you probably are not very well informed about swedish society and thus assumes that every non-white person here is an asylum seeker lying about his age and mooching off the system . 
  i 'm fairly certain this person is well integrated to society , has had an education here and speaks the language . 
  i 'm not allowed to post his facebook page here but it 's not very hard to look up . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.flashback.org/t1815251p2 ) is a thread about him on the infamous forum flashback . 
  stop being a bigot man , seriously . 
  they do n't count , they are not swedish, 
  but even they would n't complain , greeks going abroad are n't exactly the `` work for slavery salaries out-competing all other low skilled workers '' types . 
  do you have anything else than that picture making you believe he is not 14 ? 
  who says he is even an asylum seeker ? 
  it did n't even say he was 14 now , just that he held the record for 14 year olds . 
  might have beaten that record 3 years ago for all we know . 
  did i miss like half the article or what ? 
  some day some historian will after a lot of research be able to answer that question , and i 'll be the first one to hear his theory, 
  we have 3 classes in sweden : upper class , middle class and middle class pretending to be working class . 
  who would complain ? 
  interesting , dostojevskij argues for just that in `` the idiot '', 
  alright sorry i snapped . 
  i 'm just sick and tired of people thinking western europeans are somehow disadvantaged when it comes to immigrating here, 
  it 's not going to be hard for a fucking spaniard to immigrate come on man grow up, 
  not in sweden either, 
  secularism does n't mean the same thing everywhere, 
  how would you even measure such a thing ? 
  and would n't women generally be much more profitable to hire if you could hire them for lower pay , meaning lots of men would go unemployed ? 
  some might genuinely resent you , but that 's not possible to get away from wherever you move .
