  easily accessible ( one trainride from stockholm or oslo ) , astonishing nature and views . 
  if you 're a newby there are cabins you can sleep in , and if you are a bit more experienced you can experience such a unique , varied and untouched environment , all in solitude . 
  some examples : [ sarek ] ( http://es.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/parque_nacional_de_sarek ) [ kebnekaise ] ( http://es.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/kebnekaise ) [ abisko ] ( http://es.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/parque_nacional_de_abisko ) if you want to you can also experience some saami culture in many of these places !, 
  i 'm sure the definitions vary a lot depending on where and when you grew up . 
  ultimately focusing on what separates people tend to not be a very good idea , so maybe it would be wiser if we focus on what does n't separate the east and west instead !, 
  sexual freedom and views on homosexuality is one, 
  because i feel that it made a very big impact on each side of the curtain , both in culture and mentality , that has n't been completely restored yet . 
  there are of course overlaps between east/west and i think there will be more and more in the future with eu , globalisation and whatnot . 
  still , what i consider eastern europe always feels more exotic than western . 
  except for when it comes to drinking maybe, 
  yes of course !, 
  that and the chance to taste what food is supposed to taste like without having been transported and deteriorated, 
  i was n't saying they should ( although [ some ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/northern_europe ) seems to think so ) , i was only trying to demonstrate that a strictly geographical definition is way too narrow to have any meaning . 
  if your skin does n't boil in the sun you 're just not western enough !, 
  get your shit together guys !, 
  west of iron curtain + greece edit : or rather : nations not under soviet influence after wwii, 
  northern europe , i suppose, 
  humm , , if southernes does n't count as western europe i suppose central and northerners does n't count aswell . 
  leaving western europe with france and benelux ^ ^, 
  uhh , when has greece not been western europe ? 
  atleast the arrogant and smug cuntfaces of the us has the balls to do something about it . 
  us enlightened and humble europeans really need to grow some balls and deal with our problems or else they 're going to be able to come in and `` save the motherfucking day '' a lot more times in the future, 
  are n't frp part of the government ? 
  i thought they were very tough on immigration, 
  this guy ... he knows how to public relations, 
  swedish book and swedish film , 
  to me the two are mutual, 
  bullying big blue blob ? 
  obviously europeans must be boobpeople, 
  it was my understanding he faced a lot of backlash for this and therefore retracted his statement, 
  ah well , let them , 
  wtf, 
  it 'll work this time , i promise, 
  would n't that be great ? 
  it would give us an excuse to install some democracy in turkey and place chp as leaders !, 
  soon enough eu would be rolling in sweet anatolian money, 
  jesus christ i go round singing that song for myself sometimes , unwillingly . 
  now i know where it comes from, 
  [ you bet i am !, 
  ] ( https://youtube.com/watch?v=uhepmj3n_wu ), 
  alright man fuck it you lost a fucking war to emus and . . and . . stuff . 
  edit : oh yes accent , accent is terrible, 
  well i must confess , that was so deep i really have no answer to it . 
  : / just to keep the conversation going i think nz is prettier than australia, 
  just paste `` french '' on stuff and it suddenly becomes a bit fancier . 
  all the nerds can keep on eating their varmkorvar , us enlightened ones eat french hotdogs !, 
  just because the olympics does n't live up to its original idea anymore does n't mean eurovision should do the same, 
  well these guys certainly seem like the least bad alternative , i was just wondering if they have any feasible chance to win and get to realise this or if they are using it to be able to say to the other guys that `` look , we have ambition for this country which you clearly lacks '', 
  do these guys have any chance at winning or are they just throwing this grand idea out there knowing they wo n't be able to realise it anyway , to make themselves seem ambitious ? 
  well , yes . 
  imagine the outcry, 
  christ that second video is so beautiful, 
  i spent my high school time skipping classes and doing drugs , then did one test and got into med school ... never realised how lucky i was, 
  maybe , it just feels so awful and goes against everything my heart tells me . 
  and we did have a suicide bomber in the middle of stockholm a couple of years ago , and the highest per capita number of is fighters in the west . 
  i know , that 's what made it even more horrifying, 
   well fare god fucking damnit i can understand s\u00e4rskrivning in swedish but in english ?? 
  crossed a line there buddy, 
  guys just do like we do . 
  let them cut lines in the housing queues and award them with employment . 
  it 's going to work , i swear, 
  i think it mostly has to do with how people define `` majority/minority '' and `` priviliged/underpriviliged '' . 
  as of late the definition seems to have shifted to `` all people with at least one non-whatevercountryyouarein parent belong to an underpriviliged minority '' , which according to many others of us is a far too black and white definition and leaves like 50 % of the population to the `` majority '' . 
  this girl seems like the archtype of `` priviliged white middle class girl '' , she just happens to have some turkish roots , which imo is pretty irrelevant . 
  it 's like if i would claim to be some underpriviliged minority just because my mother is greek , i 'm still the very definition of a white swede . 
  this does n't seem to be a turkish problem as much as a kurdish problem though, 
  or maybe yknow ... our government is retarded, 
  this is very serious business here atleast . 
  our own national eurovision is the most watched tv event most years . 
  how msny actually enjoy it i do n't know , it 's more of a `` gather your family and invite the neighbours over '' thing, 
  we do n't need sales man we are ikea !, 
  two, 
  hey that was a cool one , a bit rnby, 
  yes it is a very good video explaining why the `` large immigration to counter 3rd world poverty '' argument makes no sense, 
  ah , this one is a classic , it 's usually the standard `` go to video '' linked when arguing with members of the swedish democrats . 
  very informative edit : why did people get angry over this comment ... ? 
  suddenly assad says something that fits the narrative on r/europe , and no one thinks he talks bullshit anymore . 
  seriously fuck off, 
  well half my family is greek , might be why :p, 
  well , mostly around hungary and croatia due to relatives , but one night in barcelona/rome/athens would convince any sane person ... 
  ignore london , britain does n't count , 
   another thing that has to be mentioned is that on average females in eastern europe look much better than the ones from western europe . 
  for example , in comparison to london , kiev or budapest are like a completely different world when it comes to the ladies . 
  are you for real ? 
  i think you need to leave eastern europe for a while then ... 
  every wedding in my life , same damn song ... 
  the problem is that people have a friend who is turkish and whose parents came in the 70s or whatever , and then thinks that all immigrants are as integrated as him . 
  this seems to happen a lot . 
  i remember a case a couple of weeks ago about a man who had lived here for like a decade and was deported because he made a mistake with his taxes or whatever . 
  maybe it 's just media bias, 
  idc man lol we even beat romania !!, 
  greatest day in our nations existence, 
  if you provide the women we will gladly help you out . 
  woopwoop 35 !!, 
  huge success !, 
  better than the ukraine !, 
  i have the same fears with uppsala , let us pray together, 
  yes relative numbers , of course . 
  2 % might not be very much but when it 's mostly concentrated to one particular region it suddenly becomes a lot . 
  oh they are still here , but they found eachother and moved to the same part of malm\u00f6 and stockholm .
