  anyway , i do n't think you have the foggiest idea about what i am talking about so there is no point explaining . 
   roots are what you make of them . 
  my ancestry 's as extensive as anyone else 's . 
  nothing to do with ancestors . 
  parents , grandparents , friends , communities etc is what i was referring to . 
  not ancestor dna mumbo jumbo . 
  also , peripheral regions tend to do fine if they are in control , not on the periphery of someone else 's decisions and motives . 
  for example , scotland or northern ireland . 
  they are peripheral regions . 
  they do n't have the same control over their destiny . 
  northern ireland is probably very fucked because it just is and there is little to no industry . 
  those who get educated do tend to leave . 
  however , scotland has amazing potential , which has been deliberatley investigated and hidden and stymied by the british government since 1974 because `` it would be an embarrassment to the british government and the united kingdom benefitted from the union '' when they were able to use all of scotland 's oil . 
  it is in the mccrone report . 
  it was deliberately buried , officially `` to take the wind out of the snp 's sails '' since 1974 . 
  if you think anything is different now , then you 're not understanding the implications of a westminster government being in control of all the resources in the island of britain and northern ireland for the benefit of those in privileged positions who generally tend to live in expensive areas around london . 
  well , obviously you 've never lived and worked in the uk then . 
  there is a clear class and geographical divide . 
  you are suggesting further isolating regions instead of the potential to make them productive and industrious . 
  scotland already has a good economy and potential as well as a fantastic system of education . 
  other areas do n't and as such are completely depressed and hopeless . 
  the people without an education are unable to move , nor does anyone care about them . 
  for instance , east anglia is one of the most depressed regions in the eu . 
  will everyone move from east anglia and then all problems disappear ? 
  obviously , being an upwardly mobile american with no roots to speak of and due to your economic solutions and scope of understanding , you are too far removed from the issue to have any understanding of this . 
  life will be better when we have no allies . 
  blah , blah , blah !!!, 
  good luck !, 
  i know about scotland 's role in the empire . 
  i do n't know what that has to do with scotland being on the perioehery of a government run by westminster . 
  do you believe that is untrue ? 
  that scotland benefits fromm westminster in the same way that london does ? 
  what ? 
  firstly , i do n't live in the u.k. secondly , i spent over 5 years in the u.k. and i was not impressed by the climate or social structure at all . 
  i left a week after the brexit vote . 
  i was planning to anyway . 
  thirdly , are you suggesting that scottish people or northern irish people should stop trying to improve the situation in their home regions and simply move en masse to the home counties if they are unhappy with how those in westminster are dealing with certain regions ? 
  if you do n't like how things are in scotland you should simply buy a 2 million townhouse in surrey and everything will be okay in scotland ? 
  it 's \u00c9ire in irish . 
  without the fada , it 's a completely different word . 
  a typical brexit blogger . 
  you have n't . 
  it 's fairly plain for anyone with a clear view of the situation . 
  scotland has been kept down for the benefit of london and its influential residents . 
  scotland has been lied to when there has been clear evidence since the early seventies that scotland would be a runaway independent success . 
  the decision to bury said evidence and keep scotland on the periphery shows clearly that 's scotland would ineveitably be better off making their own decisions and being in possession of their own resources . 
  no-one is getting worked up . 
  we 're just laughing at the brexit psyche . 
  are you being a cunt or are you just feeling a bit sore ? 
  of course the eu would accept scotland easily . 
  they 've come out and said so . 
  this did n't stop the british press from claiming otherwise . 
  meanwhile , this report was buried since 1978 and only uncovered by the pesky snp . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/mccrone_report scotland would clearly benefit from independence . 
  the empire is only good for london and the home counties . 
  south park told me mormons ... and south park are never wrong . 
  that 's our precious michael d alright . 
  i know . 
  i ca n't believe they 're actually celebrating the day of a failed coup and the shutting down of social media . 
  it 's an astoundingly high number !, 
  hopefully it will pass and there will be many celebrations . 
  that 's brilliant . 
  i notice she left out the grenfell tower fire . 
  none of them had any reasoning . 
  like , for example . . `` it honestly was n't for me , had we stayed in then frankly very little would have changed for me '' , and then `` it was all about the community i live in now , and future generations '' . 
  what the fuck does that actually mean ? 
  and does she have any idea how much inward investment and grants wales received from the eu ? 
  clearly not . 
  point is , they 're typical characters . 
  they voted for brexit without understanding why . 
  never gon na happen . 
  they 're be so happy if they could see the euro now . 
  fierce mild . 
  i did n't know whether to take the windsheeter with me or just the hooded fleece . 
  we see what not following red tape does . 
  this was people not following the building standards and not being properly inspected after . 
  red tape was n't ripped up in this instance . 
  it was n't followed . 
  they absolutely do . 
  baby boomers ... `` i got to live in germany and my life is okay now so i do n't need to worry about the future '' , `` i get to have a cheap house in north wales so fuck the youngsters '' ... stupid blonde woman `` i do n't even live in london but i created a positive brexit group for london leavers '' ... blah blah blah , i do n't have a fucking clue why i voted for brexit but i did . 
  we see your gay pm ireland and raise you a gay first female pm . 
  did anyone else think they just left her there when she fell unconscious and went off campaigning without her ? 
  and non stop horrible pamphlets through the letter box . 
  no problem . 
  it would be fantastic if it was repealed , but the fact that there is so much doubt is frightening . 
  the campaign is gon na be a total shitfest . 
  the pro life campaign receive unlimited funding from american pro life groups and the us catholic foundation . 
  the pro choice campaign is very much grass roots . 
  the pro life campaign are notoriously nasty and underhand . 
  they are the same crew who ran the campaign against ssm , which was bad enough , but they 're gon na go all out now and in teh last month have already been sending these expensive pamphlets in every door in ireland ( which i ca n't find a link to after searching but i 'll edit if i find it ) , before a referendum was even announced . 
  they have nearly unlimited funds , so i do n't know how many of these everyone is going to get against nothing from the pro choice campaign . 
  varadkar has said that he is pro life but supports abortion for medical reasons . 
  he 's a medical doctor but still extremely conservative . 
  harris , the little child minister who is in charge of this has come out as pro life . 
  most of the government , especially fine gael and fianna f\u00e1il , would be on the conservative side of the issue , as per party policy , but i think the general consensus , apart from the avid pro life crew , is that abortion should be allowed at least in cases of fatal fetal abnormalities . 
  the citizen 's assembly , which was tasked with making guidelines for the issue , came out with super liberal recommendations ... like abortion for no reason up until 16 weeks , etc. 
  the citizen 's assembly findings are being deemed to be too scary for at least half of the population . 
  so , based on that and the vigour and funding the pro life crew , iona institute and youth defense , people are afraid that it wo n't pass . 
  at least we 're finally being asked and even if it does n't pass , i ca n't see it going away as an issue . 
  women will still get abortions .
