  or looking at a stain that did n't come out in the washing machine ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  what 's the meaning ? 
  does the lotto count ? 
  there 's an easy solution for you . 
  move to the usa . 
  so , you just need to eliminate german , dutch , spanish and finnish . 
  if you want to live in those countries , show respect and learn the language . 
  or should europe just turn into your cultureless vision because that would be inconvenient for you ? 
  then leave and move to a country where only english is spoken and no other languages are taught because english is spoken . 
  move to england or the us and if you ever meet a czech person , do n't speak czech to them , as you already speak english , so there is no point . 
  what is the benefit of czech ? 
  why does anyone learn czech ? 
  it should be abolished and only english should be taught . 
  no-one from this day forth should learn czech . 
  what is the point ? 
  there is no benefit . 
  those languages are taught . 
  you must learn another modern language to matriculate to university . 
  however , that is not the point of learning irish . 
  it is not learned to be a secret language for negotiations . 
  irish people happen to use it to communicate with each other . 
  it is our native language . 
  who would have thought ? 
  otherwise , why learn czech ? 
  should czech be abolished and only english taught in czech schools ? 
  what is the point of the czech language ? 
  well , that is true and that is why bilingualism is precious . 
  ignorance is bliss , as they say . 
  the broader the scope of your education , the more you know . 
  and the more you know that you do n't know as well . 
  except it is correct . 
  irish people speak irish to eachother in other countries when they do n't wish to be understood . 
  that 's true . 
  i said everyone can speak english , everyone does . 
  there are plenty more reasons to learn it other than interest and a sense of identity . 
  it is actually the language in some places . 
  do you speak a language other than english ? 
   though i think calling that a severe effect is a little overblown . 
  it 's like english speakers struggle to make themselves understood . 
  one of the key points in english is to take words we do n't have and mix them into english . 
  i actually do n't understand your point here . 
  i 'm not trying to be a dick . 
  i do n't get what you mean ? 
  out of interest , how many languages do you speak ? 
  and you tell me that there is no harsh ` r ' ? 
  there is where i 'm from , think for dr\u00e1ma\u00edocht . 
  that word has a harsh r at the beginning in conamara . 
  it still exists . 
  because you think the irish of conamara is not representative , does that mean a harsh r does n't still exist ? 
  and you 're saying you 've never heard it ? 
  i 've asked you in irish a few times if you spoke irish and you have n't replied or replied with nonsense , so my assumption is you do n't . 
  you coukd always correct me but seeing as you have n't , my unchecked assumptions , which i agave brought to your attention to be corrected , have remained uncorrected . 
  so , the assumption is you do n't . 
  you could always correct me . 
  so , you do n't speak irish and you have never heard the difference in the language you do n't speak , so you doubt it ??? 
  what 's your point ? 
  you do n't even know what you 're talking about ? 
  [ watch this ] ( https://www.google.ie/url?sa=t&amp;source=web&amp;rct=j&amp;url=https://www.youtube.com/watch%3fv%3dnncaesb7nzi&amp;ved=0ahukewibxiwb2ersahvricakhx4gdj0qt9ibcd8wca&amp;usg=afqjcnfmba09bwxz7khizrcriunfd0uydg&amp;sig2=gffvxejz4mpuupbz4e_jea ) was posted on r/ireland earlier today . 
  i have said again and again that i am speaking about conamara and that we do have a harsh ` r ' . 
  you do n't speak irish , do n't know how people in conamara speak and yet you have the authority to tell a connie how i speak ? 
  it has no need to be revived in west galway , it is the language used here . 
  the reason is that it is our language and a much more beautiful and expressive language than english ever could be . 
  the conversation is about its importance . 
  when you go on holidays to spain , do you speak english ? 
  i know it 's not a comparable situation but it says a lot about the type of person who tries to get by on english everywhere and the person who makes an effort to communicate with the locals on the level of their own culture . 
  the ` r ' in modern irish is still that alveolar flap . 
  for native speakers the ` r ' is still further back in the throat and harsher . 
  ireland is not in the uk . 
  the uk is not known for its linguistic movements . 
  your choices are based on ignorant arguments . 
  i have my own choices and i speak english and irish every single day . 
  it 's non existent outside of ireland , so actually , he is right . 
  the irish ` r ' is not influenced by english , not in conamara . 
  it is further back in the throat and less marked . 
  so , i sort of agree with what they were saying about the different ` r ' s , except i do n't believe the correct pronunciation has changed , hence why people have commented on my irish sounding dutch . 
  it is the harsh sound that would come in ` dr\u00e1ma\u00edocht ' , for example . 
  the ` r ' in a native accent has not changed . 
  not where i 'm from . 
  were n't you the one arguing against an irish only weekly thread on r/ireland anyway ? 
  do you even speak irish , fluently or otherwise ? 
  everyone can speak english and yet everyone chooses to speak irish . 
  what does that tell you ? 
  the point of the language is not to be a secret language , although it is not rare , it is almost completely unheard of in england . 
  trying to explain to people that i went through school in an entirely different language was quite frustrating as many english people refused to believe it existed . 
  so , yeah , in england it is a language you can communicate in to prevent being understood . 
  other irish people understand though . 
  this happens a lot on the tube . 
  when dealing with people you know do n't speak it , well , that would be ideal , no ? 
  your comments are facetious . 
  the merits of the irish language are not based on its ability to be secret . 
  if it is not secret that does not make it useless . 
   out of interest how would it severely affect your life ? 
  it is my native language . 
  it affects your means of thought . 
  english is a very restricted language . 
  irish is far more expressive . 
  it would affect quality and standard of living here . 
  i do n't know how to explain it to you as i suspect you are someone who only knows english . 
  it is the same reason i learned french and german .
