  ireland has some work to do too . 
  which is why the white papers are being drawn up and an equivalent to the nhs needs to be set up . 
  however , before brexit , it was n't on the horizon . 
  now it actually is . 
  sf are being incredibly proactive right now and have been invigorated by their recent election gains and are capitalising . 
  it 's inching ever closer . 
  if scotland voted for indpendence , that 's bound to have a huge knock on effect too , but again , 10 - 15 years is necessary a ui and that is the direction it 's heading in . 
  i highly doubt sf will be a majority gov in ireland , so it does n't matter really . 
  mary lou as leader is better for sf 's image than gerry . 
  all parties in ireland would support reunification , they bloody well have to . 
  it 's in the gfa , so sf 's presence in the d\u00e1il is slightly irrelevant except as a left leaning opposition . 
  sf are competent in the north and are capable of a majority in stormont , particularly considering recent gains and the fact that they are forward thinking enough to scrub their image and be a progressive alternative to `` ulster says no to sodomy '' , etc. 
  when the ball starts rolling , it 's in the gfa what will happen . 
  what does need to happen is ireland needs to get the finger out of our arse , abolish the hse and create an alternative to the nhs all over ireland . 
  generation z are more conservative in the us specifically . 
  there 's no evidence that this is the case anywhere else . 
  except it 's lies . 
  nearly 4,000 women a year travel to the uk for abortion and an estimated 1,000 take abortion pills . 
  no , there 's a bit more to it than that but it does appear to objectively be edging closer and closer to a nationalist majority and a sf majority in stormont . 
  then there are huge political gains to be made by the nationalist side from borders , brexit etc. 
  ireland has to do things first too , though . 
  an equivalent to the nhs needs to be up and running , for a start ... another 10 years , at least , is needed . 
  well , the changing demographics does have a lot to do with it . 
  if brexit was n't going to happen , then you 'd probably be right , but now things are changing and the economic issues it will create means it 's a game changer . 
  the dwindling , fundamentalist older dup demographic is not favourable to the unionist side and the dup do n't help themselves . 
  they 're backward looking , sf are forward looking in their strategies . 
  both fianna fail and fine gael are republican parties , they are even writing white papers on reunification , so sinn f\u00e9in does n't hold a monopoly on the issue in ireland as it does in the north . 
  i think you will agree that religion has very little to do with it , the irish population is increasingly more secular , but catholics and protestants in the republic tend to be nationalist . 
  so , sinn f\u00e9in are n't respected for those reasons in the republic , but they are in the north . 
  they have also started actively cleaning up their image in an attempt to air that lingering smell . 
  gerry is set to step down , mary lou will probably be leader of sinn f\u00e9in . 
  michelle o'neill is a highly capable leader , politician and orator and sinn f\u00e9in are currently trying the largest all ireland party . 
  that 's not what the assumption or prediction is . 
  the case for a united ireland will be an economic one , which is why brexit is facilitating this economic shift . 
  the troubles are a long time over but ni is marginalised within the uk and benefited from eu membership . 
  brexit is about to shock the ni economy as well as other inconveniences , such as borders . 
  not right now . 
  but the case is changing . 
  what does that have to do with brexit and northern ireland ? 
   generation z ( the generation that follows millennials ) have already shown themselves to be much more conservative and traditional than their preceding generation . 
  ` progressiveness ' is a failed , fleeting ideology and is being increasingly rejected . 
  really ? 
  you seriously think that the younger generation in ni do n't support gay marriage ? 
  or are as divided by sectarianism as the baby boomers ? 
  if you think that the younger generation are more conservative in ni than the dup , then you do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  your link is specifically about generation z in the united states , which is fairly self evident . 
  it is not about ni . 
  there is a sectarian divide there . 
  younger voters are more likely to vote in support of abortion rights and gay marriage ... in fact , ni as a population right now , regardless of demographics , show exactly the same support for ssm that ireland does , and that is pretty high support . 
  what you have cited is a specific demographic in the us and has absolutely zero to do with the population of ni . 
  20 % of people who would n't have voted for a united ireland would vote for a united ireland as a result of brexit . 
  also , that article is kinda old . 
  that means that 20 % of those people who would n't previously have voted for a united ireland would after the initial brexit vote . 
  that 's a big change for those who would n't have voted before . 
  anyway , this article is asking whether it will pave the way to a united ireland . 
  lots of things need to happen before a united ireland can happen , and realistically the earliest possible time for a possible united ireland to begin manifesting itself would be 10-15 years down the line , but the atmosphere is changing . 
  the dup are not helping themselves and sinn f\u00e9in are actively cleansing their image , shedding their ira links ( adams is rumoured to be stepping down this year ) and they are marketing themselves as an inclusive , progressive party . 
  dup are doing the opposite . 
  it appeals to a large demographic right now , mostly older , conservative voters . 
  their attitude and demographic that they play to is n't likely to be a strategy that will carry well into the future . 
  so , yeah , i think brexit is definitely paving the way . 
  i imagine the political landscape , due to the natural demographical shift ( older dup voters dying off and younger nationalists coming of age ) and the multitude of things both the north and ireland need to work on in the intervening years , that this is going to happen . 
  it 's inevitable and sf are doing the `` right '' things , whereas the dup are doing the same old . 
   i love watching europeans who are upset that scotland is in a union that imposes their will onto the nation . 
  the irony is amazing . 
  it is implying that the eu imposes its will on nations , which i do n't think is true . 
  there are plenty of votes and negotiations and each nation has chosen to join the eu , bar scotland , who have shown intention to apply for membership in the future . 
  so , i just think he was wrong in a `` the donald '' kind of way ... the view that angela gets up in the morning and decides she does n't like bendy bananas so then all countries in the eu have a ban on bendy bananas enforced . 
  that 's not really how the eu works , despite loads of people around the world who believes this is exactly how the eu works ... so , my point t was it 's easy to dismiss u/cow _ balls , cos he/she talks shite , hen . 
  it 's easy to dismiss an entire premise that is factually incorrect and inflammatory ... ie , europeans are upset scotland is in a union that imposes their will on a nation is ironic . 
  this implies the eu imposes it 's will on a nation while the uk does n't . 
  according to recent polls it 's about ~ 50 % of scots , leaning to the union side by a few percentages , who are kind of upset about being told they have to stay in the uk but have no choice about staying in the eu . 
  people dismiss the comment cos it 's utterly bullshit and it fits that he has picked up this argument from the donald , a place where utter bullshit like this multiplies . 
  the more you know . 
  i never had a strong opinion on him , he seemed innocuous to me . 
  so , i 'd say a nice fella . 
  hollande is the real mvp . 
  no , his own backbenchers are making the job really easy . 
  since after the last election and before he was elected leader of the labour party , he has been vilified . 
  while listening to radio 4 and all the blatant propaganda , before i ever saw his face , i came to the conclusion that he must be a very real threat to someone . 
  he has been quashed before he ever started . 
  he did n't say that . 
  the british media just love to bash corbyn . 
  how can you fix the title ? 
  i thought that once you put it up , that 's it . 
  no edits , no correcting fuck ups in the title . 
  do you have a lpt for us ? 
  sure , so many people used to tell me when i lived in england , in a nice way , that i ai n't foreign and ireland is in the uk . 
  many people , not just uneducated people , are confused about the differences . 
  totally agree . 
  we should be sharing our expertise . 
  are 20 % of the students in salzburg previously resident in someone 's basement ? 
  not yet . 
  not yet ... ... * ( gladiator music ) *, 
  my bad . 
  there 's on in the picture , the can of pepsi . 
  i feel like all the liberal people got educated and then got the fuck out . 
  most young people who had half a brain live in the uk or australia now . 
  we 're left with the muck savages , older , spoiled baby boomers et al. 
  how did the tories do , getting rid of all those coloureds back then ?
