oh yes . 
  it 's definitely the conservative backlash of those who are afraid of independence . 
  but this is short term stuff , sweetie . 
  conservative demographics and the rationale behind the average conservative voter is not on the long term side of the conservatives . 
  try to look past one election . 
  there is a bigger picture and there is a long term trend . 
  your first sentence is incorrect . 
  for most of its history there was no border . 
  the hard militarised border began in the early seventies and lasted until the mid nineties as the border certainly did have elements of the west bank . 
  yes , it is entirely the fault of the , brexiteers who have absolutely no idea what they are talking about and never paid any heed or due consideration to the treaties they signed regarding ni and ireland or the repurcuasions of their actions . 
  entirely the fault of brexit . 
  and still is as the british government has been repeatedly asked to consider this eventuality and continue to dismiss is as scaremongering . 
  the eu is game for compromise . 
  do you know who has n't come up with one solution ? 
  not one aolution ? 
  the uk . 
  ireland has made proposals . 
  the eu have said they do n't want a hard border and are willing to compromise . 
  who has done nothing ? 
  written nothing on paper ? 
  explored no options ? 
  im not surprised brexiteers like yourself do n't understand the repurcuasions of your actions . 
  i 'm not surprised that brexiteers do n't understand politics , history or diplomacy . 
  but if you did , like the rest of the world , bar the us , you would understand why this entirely unnecessary clusterfuck that puts people 's lives in danger , as well as definitely destroying an already fragile economy and stability , is 110 % the fault of the uk and those who were stupid enough and uneducated enough to vote for it . 
  last elections snp were expected to lose ... they had all the seats !, 
  so the uk is willing to reawaken a nasty civil war because they have n't got a got a clue what 's going on in the world . 
  that 's never going to happen . 
  delusional brexiters and their irexit !, 
  yeah , i loved knowing the meaning of obscure german words just because the irish one was similar and it was obviously a viking import !, 
  or , as a native irish speaker , being told in class that certain words came from french and then thinking ... `` aaaaaah , they are the same except a bit of an accent !! '', 
  its great fun !, 
  well , i have no doubt anam and anima are the exact same root and meaning from latin , i 'm just surprised by the similarity of cara . 
  i looked it up and it comes from proto-info-european ` karl ' meaning beloved , so taht one obviously has the same root too !, 
  i love this kinda shit with languages !, 
  so anima is soul ? 
  which is definitely something that would have been taught through the church and so makes perfect sense ... but cara is a friend in italian too ?? 
  that is a word that i did n't suspect had a latin origin !, 
  it 's not that peculiar . . loads of irish vocabulary comes from latin !, 
  nor do i !, 
  it 's our right and it 's what we 're gon na do . 
  the uk will hate us for it and fail to see why they 're responsible , but that 's why there will be brexit in the first place !, 
  i met princess beatrice in the toilets in a basement bar in soho once . 
  chatted to her at the sinks without realising who she was . 
  `` anam cara '' is the irish for `` soul friend '' . 
  ireland will just become the newest scapegoat ofr why brexit is n't working out . 
  but fuck em , this effects us too and we have every right to block it and i have no doubt this is what varadkar intends to do . 
  yeah , i 'd like to see scotland independent . 
  and the uks days are numbered anyway , thanks to brexit . 
  the gift that keeps giving . 
  you should get used to the idea , it 's inevitable . 
  possibly because it 's about to collapse from the inside out anyway and scotland would definitely prosper outside of the union . 
  not so sure about ni , but scotland definitely would . 
  the unions days are numbered anyway . 
  well , the dup are staunchly unionist . 
  they are m the homophobic , fundamental christian party that is currently propping up may 's conservative minority government and their motto is basically `` we hate everything irish ! '', 
  they campaigned for brexit and are about as well informed of the consequences of brexit as anyone else . 
  there has currently been no sitting government in ni since the snap election caused by corruption of the dup first minister in ni , arlene foster . 
  there 's more to it than that , but these are the people who would be happy to screw everyone over because they hate the irish and the unionist population is mainly based on the north east coast . 
  in saying that , ian paisley jr thought before brexit that there was no need to scaremongers about the brexit . 
  as for the tories , they just have n't considered it , wo n't consider it . 
  take every urge to consider it as an affront !, 
  so , after that rant ... it 's mostly an unwanted result that everyone tried to warn the dup and everyone else about that no-one listened to and brexiters dismissed as scaremongering . 
  it 's an unwanted consequence everyone saw coming , except brexiters . 
  it 's also an unwanted consequence that anyone who had anything to do with campaigning for brexit have still refused to consider or attempt to address in any way . 
  those who have actively tried to come up with solutions are being ignored because they are essentially ireland , sinn f\u00e9in ( which is the main republican party in ni and campaigned for remain ! ), 
  and the eu !, 
  so , in my opinion , the uk will take a hard border cos they could n't give a fuck about ni , cos it 's not on the mainland ... and the dup will refuse to capitulate to the irish , in any shape or form !, 
  i do n't believe so , personally . 
  there 's been 20 years of peace , the provos are gone , the dissidents are only interested in protection and drug money ... 
  i do n't think that 's what people are worried about at all . 
  it 's just the inconvenience of a border where there was no need for one before and the effect that will have on the economy and businesses in northern ireland . 
  a border will have a detrimental effect on the north and its economy has never been shit hot anyway . 
  and just the fact that the roads criss cross in and out of each border anyway , so to get from a to b will become an enormous inconvenience when it never was before . 
  they are still checked . 
  as per the way it is done in norway/sweden . 
  that is the model that the irish gov first attempted to push to ireland as an alternative , since u.k. had n't come up with anything ... but the reason taht it works is because they are both able to allow anything except freight pass through . 
  https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=xj_g9kv-p90 this is the model that apparently is now not possible . 
  many scottish indy voters voted for brexit for the same reason . 
  i think it 's slowly burning in the background !, 
  scotland will definitely leave the union first . 
   its a grey area that should have been discussed more . 
  the overall brexit theme !, 
  being in the eea would prevent a hard border and enable a style of customs similar to the norway/sweden model . 
  i do n't believe most brexiters know much at all about the eu , efta or eea , even at this point in time . 
  ireland is trying to stop the uk cutting off ni 's nose . 
  yes , it has an affect on ireland and our economy ... and ireland is worried about that . 
  but ireland is more worried about northern ireland and the people who live there and near the borders . 
  ireland will totally be a scapegoat if we veto !, 
  i love italy the most ... 
  the food , weather , landscape , architecture , people , wine !!, 
  so ... a bunch of danish students would book a trip and then call the police and a police officer gets a free trip to prague to keep an eye out on the lads ? 
  it 's sooo cute . 
  hello boy !, 
  i was gon na go with `` cuntess '' meemee , meemee being a nickname my niece gave me , but i thought it might be a bit offensive , so i made it `` countess '', 
  black box barry 's ? 
  i 've never heard of such a thing , only red boxes . 
  no one argues lyons . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  i did n't know liam cosgrove was responsible for the clusterfuck that is our religious schools organisation . 
  i assumed it just grew organically as the state moved along intertwined with the catholic church .
