  the robots . 
  they 're taking over !!!!, 
  if anything , we just have a load of immigrants with half foreign / half totally irish accents . 
  which is kind of amusing . 
  i think it 's nicer . 
  i find champagne a bit too try . 
  i like the comparative sweetness in prosecco . 
  i always choose prosecco over champagne , even on christmas day , where champagne is offered as the superior choice . 
  it 's that they get to dictate the ethos and sit on the board of management . 
  the irish association of obstetrics have raised their concerns about this . 
  the sisters of charity are an organisation who ran mother and baby homes in ireland and refuse to pay their share of redress to victims . 
  they also disagree with ivf , sterilisation and believe in the right to the child over the mother , meaning that when abortion is legalised , the national maternity hospital wo n't offer it . 
  nuns are also the biggest most malicious bitches you will ever come across in your entire life . 
  this order also has a history of abusing mothers and babies . 
  sure , he 's also a fucking child . 
  no experience in anything . 
  same as coveney , he literally inherited his father 's seat in a bi election after he died . 
  i seriously hate fg . 
  they have n't a fucking clue about anything . 
  nor do they care . 
  yeah , i have already . 
  sent an email too . 
  also sent one yesterday in support of the new drug policy . 
  reddit as actually made me politically active , from my phone anyway . 
  harris ' email comes up now ... have emailed him about that lady from cork looking for thc for her daughter . 
  dunno how much of a difference it makes but i suppose , every little helps . 
  yeah . 
  that 's the ~ ~ main ~ ~ entire problem . 
  and instead of making things work better , they make everything work worse . 
  hse needs to be scrapped . 
  that is the main problem . 
  because the state funds so much of medial care anyway , it 's totally doable to have a free or low cost monthly rate system for everyone . 
  it 's just typical irish inefficiency and fuckupery . 
  they 've just given the national maternity hopsital to the sisters of charity . 
  they 've given those with a track record of abusing mothers and babies ownership over all the mothers and babies . 
  incompetence from the top down . 
  but , to add a disclaimer to that , doctors in ireland , from the bottom up , are of a very high standard . 
  it 's ~ ~ almost ~ ~ ~ ~ like ~ ~ totally that the higher you get in the system , the level of idiocy rises exponentially . 
  it 's actually not a bad system , but it is incredibly inefficient and there are two tiers , the people who get free healthcare because their earnings are ebelow a threshold and the people who have private insurance . 
  the standard is good but like the other user said , there a bed shortages and a&e can be a nightmare . 
  the cost , if you do n't have insurance , is n't anywhere near american expenses . 
  however , it requires a massive overhaul and is overburdened by unnecessary bureaucracy , who cost a shit ton and do nothing of value . 
  it is n't unsustainable , but it requires an overhaul . 
  there is so much money wasted on the beurocracy , basucally useless job for life office people who are well psid for their unnecesssry contribution . 
  requires doctors and medical professionals being in charge and the structures and workings of hospitals to drastically change . 
  as the other user said , this wo n't happen when the state is building hospitals with tax pagers money and then handing them over to evil nuns so they can demand their ethos be obeyed and continue to stymie progress . 
  i think you 're patronising . 
  no , i did n't miss any business because there are none . 
  as i said in my first comment , i have relied on a car for many years and before that , i relied on lifts . 
  because public transport sucks . 
  or should i just walk for 3 hours to work and 3 hours back every day ? 
  public transport is shit . 
  it is shit across the country . 
  it 's only okay in dublin . 
  barely okay in dublin . 
  sure , people can walk , cycle , run , fly , do jumping jacks on the way to work . 
  but public transportation is shit . 
  you 're assuming that someone who has kids to drop off at nursery or school and then get somewhere else is lazy cos they 're not walking it . 
  seriously , you 're patronising as fuck . 
  public transport is shit . 
  now shut up about asking everywhere . 
  that 's not public transport . 
  i think he 's a spineless little sneak . 
  i do n't like him , but i think hatred would be a bit irrational . 
  he 's just too spineless and conservative for my liking . 
  he 's not basically hitler or thatcher or anything , i 'm just not a fan . 
  and i 'm not a fan of his party or their other governemnt ministers either . 
  very self interested . 
  in a lowish key kinda way . 
  edit , our president is great . 
  he 's just a lovely old eccentric ageing hippy/ex sociology lecturer ( same thing really ) . 
  he 's teeny tiny and loves his two massive doggos . 
  he 's very popular , but has no actual power , just a figurehead . 
  it 's not an irish custom either . 
  it would be considered rude to not say goodbye and thank you to your host . 
   i was just saying how ridiculous it was for people to be moaning about having to make short trips on foot . 
  except they do n't . 
  they do n't moan . 
  people just rely on cars or bikes or walking , because there is no alternative . 
  there is no public transport . 
  it is shit . 
  a trip from spiddal to an industrial estate on the east side of the city is no little walk . 
  and there are no connections to get from a to b within less than two hours , so people do n't bother . 
  they just use cars . 
  because , to answer the question in the post , public transport is shit . 
  so , basically you 're saying if you can walk some distances there 's no need for any public form of public transport . 
  so , there 's walking , cycling and driving . 
  but , like you said , no public transport . 
  so , yeah , public transport is utterly shit . 
  but everyone could spend about 2 hours walking in one of the wettest climes in europe . 
  so why complain . 
  public transport is awesome . 
  there 's walking . 
  whatever your views on walkability , patronising as it may be , there is no public transport worth mentioning outside of dublin . 
  to the centre of knocknacarra to eyre sqaure ... it 's an hour and 7 minutes , according to google . 
  https://www.google.ie/search?client=tablet-android-samsung&amp;source=android-browser&amp;biw=962&amp;bih=601&amp;ei=udd3wpy8foaigaayw4lwca&amp;q=eyre%3asquare%3ato+knocknacarra+church+distance+walking&amp;oq=eyre%3asquare%3ato+knocknacarra+church+distance+walking&amp;gs_l=mobile-gws-serp.3...2082.5410.0.5792.18.16.0.0.0.0.266.1938.2j9j2.13.0....0...1c.1.64.mobile-gws-serp..5.0.0.l-xiwy-bhky this is also assuming everyone in galway needs to simply walk from eyre square to knocknacarra . 
  also extremely patronising . 
  as if everyone only need to walk from one suburb to the town centre , where almost no jobs are anyway . 
  most of the jobs are in industrial estates on the east side of the city . 
  that 's probably a 2 hour walk from knocknacarra , if not longer .
