  it 's such a crooked and accepted system . 
  people are just undereducated and misinformed . 
  all the lies were so easy for me to see , but lack of critical thinking meant people lapping it up . 
  there is a severe lack of critical thinking . 
  people 's views are not their own , they 're what they have been told and believe without question . 
  i did n't claim a majority . 
  if it were in the majority it would be united with ireland . 
  that is not the case . 
  but why are they there ? 
  why are they getting paid because of heridatory positions ? 
  why are such heridatory class divisions encouraged and people with vested interest in the status quo allowed to have a say ? 
  why does it even still exist ? 
  examples of dishonesty from westminster ? 
  do you not know of any ? 
  not even recently ? 
  really ? 
  well , we could start with the empire , we could talk about thatcher , or you could ask the scots . 
  ask any other country that is n't england , not that they do n't fuck over their own , they just do a better job of ensuring sub par educations and pliable minds . 
  yup . 
  because orwell and his wife knew what was going on . 
  he worked for the bbc , his wife worked for the ministry of propaganda . 
  ancientcuntbankerstate also translates well to heridatory aristocracy . 
  but i do appreciate your creativity . 
  democracy never really existed in the uk . 
  it 's a heridatory aristocracy . 
  that 's why they still have a house of lords . 
  where do you get that idea ? 
  westminster likes to make things hard for others when things do n't get their way . 
  this provision would ensure they could n't set up diplomatic roadblocks for the sake of it , which they are wo n't to do . 
  i did n't even need you to say that to know it . 
  i was living in england at the time of brexit and listening to all these idiots who had never had access to a proper education espouse random headlines from what they considered proper journalism . 
  i always listened to bbc4 and could n't believe how biased and untruthful it was , but then the ` clever and well educated '' people at work would regurgitate headlines as their own opinions . 
  no critical thinking . 
  and most of those i worked with went to public school , so were privileged and possessed an unfounded superiority complex . 
  all i say was idiots who were intentionally undereducated by the elite get all riled up about their own laziness and inefficiency . 
  my experience is that english people suffer from insularity and the dunning kruger effect . 
  their education is actually shit and is designed to keep people in their box , i.e , state school children are `` differentiated '' , that is judged on how clever they are by the age of 3 and this follows them through their primary education , basically educated to whatever level some random nursery teacher decided when you were 3 , then on to secondary school , where the standard is below low . 
  it 's definitely by design . 
  and the elite have always been the elite . 
  the plebs do n't understand how divided their society is and why it is that way . 
  i actually do n't know who will control such a border . 
  ireland is doing more to fight for borderlessness than the empty , unrealistic platitudes espoused by westminster . 
  yes , the good friday agreement does not include provisions for reuniting ireland as an eu and a non eu state . 
  that is the provision that is being called for . 
  a provision designed to update the status of the good friday agreement to ensure that if and when reunification happens , it will be seamless and there will not be complications due to brexit , complications that westminster coils and would use to make things difficult in that event . 
  that is exactly what the provision is calling for . 
  updated provisions to go with updated circumstances . 
  the good friday agreement made no provisions for ni not being in the eu . 
  that is what is being called for . 
  an update for a change in circumstances . 
   ireland as a member of the european customs union will be require to maintain a border . 
  we 'll build a wall and make ireland pay for it !!!, 
  this is again about uk border control and their wish to leave the eu . 
  it 's about the uk `` regaining control of our borders ! '', 
  30 % is a sizeable percentage , obviously one that has increased due to brexit . 
  that is , by definition , a large percentage . 
  funny you mention invasion ... how was ulster even planted in the beginning ? 
  an invasion . 
  however current attempts are using democratic approaches and using provisions to ensure seamless democratic integration . 
  these are all democratic approaches aimed at maintaining fairness , owing to the lack of honesty or integrity historically and presently shown by westminster . 
  they did a good job , in fairness . 
  if i were estonia , that is what i would do . 
  there is not support for what in ni ? 
  i think you would find , if you had ever been there , there is support for both reunification from a large percentage of the population and the good friday agreement by most . 
  it is such a shame that the dup are intent on undermining such a successful peace process . 
  that 's why there needs to be a provision . 
  the correct course of action is to not trust westminster and not to rely on their word . 
  you 're missing a lot of you think it 's the eu 's fault there will be a border . 
  there is no commitment , what is being requested is that when ni decides it wants to reunite the country by popular vote , this provision will be in place so that it can just happen and ni can rejoin the eu again , seamlessly . 
  like how germany reunified . 
  just like that , no problems , no years of negotiations and technicalities that westminster would like to put up as roadblocks to a seamless reunification . 
  it is to minimise uncertainty that scotland are currently facing , as in time ni will obviously pull further away from eu regulation and we 're only too aware of westminster 's tactics to hinder policies they 're not so keen on . 
  actually , no such provision exists . 
  ni are about to leave the union and there is about to be a hard border put in place between the republic and the north . 
  if and when the time comes for the country to become united once again , there needs to be a provision so that the country can join seamlessly . 
  iceland is always going to have problems with mould due to the climate . 
  it is very difficult to prevent mould from growing in areas with high moisture and atlantic conditions . 
  it 's not just the building methods . 
  i was just surprised there 's another type of shamrock that is n't a shamrock !, 
  til about trefoils !, 
  everyday is a learning day !, 
  he is calling for a provision for when that time may come . 
  that 's so sad . 
  i hope they give it back soon . 
  it 's not like they need it for forensics , they know what happened . 
  glendalough is where they got the oak to build the original . 
  took 6 weeks to sail from denmark to dublin in the replica . 
  for some reason i never thought it would take them that long . 
  wonder why they called it glendalough . 
  did they find one like that there ? 
  edit , i googled it . 
  the original was built in dublin using oak from glendalough . 
  mystery solved . 
  the original was from wicklow . 
  is that particular longship from wicklow perchance ? 
  they 're trefoils ... which google as informed me is ...  a small european plant of the pea family , with yellow flowers and three-lobed clover-like leaves . 
   a plant with three-lobed leaves that is similar or related to the trefoil . 
   an ornamental design of three rounded lobes like a clover leaf , used typically in architectural tracery . 
  seeing trump as a great guy is delusional in itself . 
  `` people gave me shit on facebook cos i think trump is a fantastic guy ! '',
