  people are saying that they are not sure whether it will pass or not . 
  we 're inching ever closer ... 
  they already do . 
  they fund the iona institute and youth defense who send all these expensive pamphlets in the post and have registered in such a way that they do n't have to declare where their funds come from . 
  about time too . 
  fair play to leo for actually tackling this . 
  i did read want you replied to . 
  you did n't refute anyone . 
  did you refute anyone ? 
  i kinda got the vibe that you called a load of world leaders fascists without any reason why . 
  so , the jewish community are over represented in the us media ? 
  does n't negate the point that the russian government have been very interested in other people 's elections . 
  to the point where they 're being accused of interfering with elections , even in the us . 
  i mean , russia does have a bit of a history of interfering with other countries elections . 
  it 's not unheard of , particularly recently . 
  nothing fishy here . 
  right , except most colonies were lucrative , that was their initial point . 
  they did end up costing a lot and that is why the uk relinquished them . 
  but the city of london is going into decline . 
  headquarters of large banks have already moved to different locations across europe . 
  it 's incredibly naive to believe that these entities moving does not indicate a decline in the uks position in international banking . 
  i 'm not saying that at all . 
  all i am saying is that free trade can and does exist without freedom of movement . 
  feeling argumentative today . 
  technically , freight companies pass goods . 
  they can use trains and mostly use shipping containers so they can be moved freely without the people being moved freely along with the goods . 
  freedom of movement and free trade are not mutually exclusive , they are not the same thing . 
  free trade can and does occur without freedom of movement . 
  the uk was in heavy decline before joining the common market . 
  they were at the tail end of losing their empire and had no natural resources left to pillage . 
  the financial deregulation of the 80s explains why banking is currently located just the city of london , but it does n't account for future changes , which have been promised by the financial institutions and are being acted upon . 
  granted , as it now stands it is mainly headquarters that are being moved but this can be seen as the beginning of the decline for the financial base that is the city of london . 
  london voted to remain for a reason . 
  the north sea oil is all but gone and there is the potential for scotland to leave the uk and go it alone as an independent country . 
  i have n't displayed logic . 
  i 've just pointed out the technical holes in the argument . 
  freedom of movement is when people can move around without a need for visas and can work freely in these places . 
  free trade can happen without freedom of movement . 
  they 're not mutually exclusive . 
  that 's why freight companies exist . 
  i do n't blame them . 
  its diversity pended on its membership to the common market . 
  now that the city of a london as lost its passporting , many of the uks headquarters are heading abroad and much of its revenue will be lost . 
  it 's not nearly as rich as norway though , and it does n't have natural resources to depend on like norway . 
  yeah , she was n't able to travel because she was underage and under social care . 
  i 'm pretty sure she was in foster care . 
  she was carrying a fetus with a fatal abnormality and was eventually allowed travel to the uk for a termination , as far as i 'm aware . 
   i find it strange how little this possibility is given thought , even here on reddit . 
  i think it is like you said , people do n't understand how fundamentally bad this whole thing was . 
  i know . 
  and nothing is going to happen to the psychiatrist , he will continue to practice as a consultant . 
  three are the people who are in positions of influence and power . 
  unless a pro life psychiatrist disagrees with you and gets you sectioned until the fetus becomes viable . 
  i do n't think people understand how bad this case is . 
  it 's startlingly like the y case , where an asylum seeker arrived in ireland in early pregnancy after being raped in her war torn country for origin . 
  because she was an asylum seeker , she was n't allowed travel outside of ireland , so she was n't able to travel to the uk for an abortion . 
  she becamet depressed and suicidal and her psychiatrists decided to section her until the fetus was viable and perform a c section on her against her will . 
  it 's totally possible that that is what the psychiatrists plan was here . 
  he probably intended for her to miss the cut off dates for abortion and force the child to have the baby . 
  the difference between this case and the case for miss y was that the child 's mother was able to bring the case to a judge to get her daughter out of forced psychiatric care, 
  yes . 
  abortions in the uk cost $ 500 - $ 700 for irish women and flights and the trip adds up to around $ 1000 . 
  it can be pricier for women who are pregnant with fetuses with fatal fetal abnormalities . 
  they generally get them done later in the pregnancy and for private patients , as all irish women are , these are more expensive . 
  oh right . 
  thanks . 
  i. . what ? 
  presumably she did since this was the reason that she was sectioned . 
  she really reminds me of mr burns in this clip . 
  this is why london voted remain . 
  i can only presume that this is what she was going to do ... until she was sectioned for her own safety and unable to travel as the psychiatrist did n't believe an abortion would cure her depression . 
  cos norwegians are rich . 
  now when will she realise it 's time for her to fuck off ? 
  and in the meantime the pro life psychiatrists keep doing shit like this to pregnant women . 
  there was a case of an asylum seeker who came to ireland after being raped , was denied abortion as she did n't have the right to travel as an asylum seeker and sectioned by a psychiatrist like this until the fetus was viable , whereby they performed a forced c section on her . 
  this is truly barbaric . 
  well , they would have had to at least figured that * some * of welfare was going to members of isis . 
  i know . 
  and the only thing that got her out was a court order and her mother fighting for her . 
  ireland is ridiculous . 
  yeah , but all of northern ireland 's domestic politics are as a result go their seats in the devolved government of stormont . 
  stormont is heavily protected by the gfa . 
  northern ireland are n't in the driving seat . 
  the dup will simply draw attention to their embarrassing antics . 
  is n't this already a deal ? 
  they 've played their blame game so long that their scapegoat got the chop . 
  now they have no scapegoat left . 
  yeah , he has awful bad luck . 
  i loved that story . 
  it was flying outside a primary school for italian week or something benignly innocent !, 
  especially when you watch out ludicrously the whole thing can be summed up [ like this ] ( https://www.google.ie/url?sa=t&amp;source=web&amp;rct=j&amp;url=https://www.youtube.com/watch%3fv%3dbavxqgnvo2w&amp;ved=0ahukewjdnrj-2rpuahumjmakhq6-ceqqo7qbcbwwaa&amp;usg=afqjcnglltkgner0bts6qydb2awkb_3xbw&amp;sig2=c1g8waolzxp9pe75przhag ), 
  i thought scotland , england and wales comprised the island of britain . 
  we probably will . 
  they 'll burn election posters of jeremy and the greens . 
  it 's gerry . 
  he 's already infiltrated the younger generation with zesty memes and witty , old man , dad tweets . 
  remain , i should think , since he said it would be bad for science and business . 
  how the schools , hospitals and baby boomers are still controlled by catholic conservatism . 
  they already monitor internet related to terrorism . 
  since people are now listening to the debates and she 's shit at answering any questions , i can only hope it backfires .
