  little do they know that their faith schools are also still entitled to do this . 
  i hope so too . 
  i hope the whole system changes and schools , which are paid for by the state , just become schools . 
  not vessels of indoctrination of any religion at all . 
  this is just a starting step . 
  well , depemds very much on the demographic . 
  my parents are still very much religious and believe in god and go to mass . 
  all of their children , raised in the catholic way , are staunch atheists . 
  all their grandchildren , nonetheless , have been baptised for practical purposes . 
  these ones are going to be raised atheist and not have to figure it out for themselves , so , progress , i guess . 
  in general , under 40 and you 're probably not buying the shit their selling , hate them for what they 've done and continue to do , but still have to play by the rules so your kids can go to school and not offend the older people and stuff like that . 
  of course , you get people under 40 who believe and people over 40 who do n't , but , that 's the general trend . 
  it also must be known that the catholic church still own and run hospitals and schools , so they still have enormous power . 
  they still have n't paid their share of redress for the victims of the peole in the laundries and due to legal positions , such as all their property being held in trust and stuff like that , they 're refusing to pay . 
  they occasionally come out with the most charitable statements such as `` its hand was being forced by the refusal of victims ' groups , with the support of their legal representatives , to cooperate with an investigation unless such a scheme was put into immediate effect . '' the sooner they 're pushed out of society and the stage forcibly takes control of the churches and schools , the better . 
  but it 's probably going to take another 20-30 years before the majority of believers die and they become utterly useless and powerless . 
  tldr - church , cunts . 
  need to go . 
  still have their rotten grip on everything . 
  it 's not even as simple as that . 
  it 's not about leftover laws , it 's that most schools in ireland , and by most i think the figure is somewhere around 96 % but ca n't fact check right now , are under the auspices of the catholic church . 
  they essentially own them , even though the state pays for them . 
  still . 
  today . 
  and they 're not planning on giving them up either . 
  yep . 
  and so long as the schools are still owned by the churches , catholic or protestant or muslim or jewish or whatever , the problem is still there . 
  even if pupils are not denied admission due to a lack of baptism , they are still used as a tool of indoctrination . 
  because most schools are basically owned by the catholic church . 
  there is also a severe shortage of school places , so they use this as a means of deciding who does n't get a place . 
  hence the reason why parents , regardless of their religious beliefs , will always baptise their children . 
  i 've even heard some anecdotal stories of parents with a catholic up brings baptising their children into the protestant faith just to get them into protestant schools , which may be a bit more exclusive . 
  about fucking time . 
  wow . 
  they 're brilliant . 
  imagine arriving at ellis island back in the day in those elaborate clothes . 
  yeah , it 's funny too . 
  and ronaldo himself says he likes it , probably so as not to hurt his feelings . 
  for those reasons , i think it 's great . 
  good woman . 
   you have disproved nothing i have made a cognitive argument against every point you have made . 
  to the point where i have broken down your posts piece by piece . 
  what more could i do , you 're just ranting nonsensically coherently . 
  what is your first language then ? 
  i assumed since you refer to ireland as `` our country '' that you were irish , mura bhfuil gaeilge do theanga ab fhearr duit ? 
  fair point , but i think it 's proven he did n't act in his own plays . 
  i just would n't consider him an actor ... more elite `` the greatest playwright ever '' , or stuff along those lines . 
  it 's rocket fuel . 
  it has fuck loads of caffeine in it and basically you get this lovely rowdy drunkness . 
  drinking a bottle of buckies with your friends is likely to result in a `` drunk adventure '' . 
  but it does n't lead to criminal activities . 
  it 's just a popular drink that gives you one hell of an energetic drunken buzz . 
  people drink it to get drunk . 
  it 's very popular in ireland and scotland . 
  as with all things , they 're just exaggerating anti social drunken behaviour and blaming the particular drink instead of the anti social drunken behaviour . 
  i 've had a bottle of buckies or two and never got up to any criminal activity at all . 
  most people do n't . 
  it is rocket fuel though . 
  shakespeare did n't act in his plays . 
   ah yes , wash your hands of your european neighbours and their problems , it 's worked so well in history before . 
  like the famine ? 
  fyi , yes , it is compulsory to learn a foreign language to leaving certificate in ireland . 
  americans , it is not . 
  the irish system of education is very different to that of the uk . 
  your ramblings are off the charts . 
  because i do n't believe the majority of english speak a foreign language ? 
  or that i believe there are large populations that do speak other languages ? 
   you have to ask yourself why you 're so eagerly lending your voice to that . 
  probably the ideal way to validate the little englanders in their belief that europe is our natural adversary do n't you think ? 
  as a result of a comment on languages . 
  no , i do n't think anything of the sort . 
  i think if they are so easily led , then they are their own worst enemy . 
  or best ally to the wishes of the elite . 
  whatever , none of my concern . 
  i do n't live in the uk anymore . 
  to respond to a joke on reddit ? 
  i 'm sorry i offended your view of the empire . 
  why do you feel the need to be deliberately offensive because you were offended by a comment that perhaps hit too close to the mark for you ? 
  yes , i totally agree . 
  that is the reason , particularly since english is seen as a lingua franca . 
  you have solved it the stereotype . 
  well done . 
  because state schools do n't offer the same language options . 
  the majority of people go to state schools . 
  the majority of people do n't choose to learn languages , since it is not compulsory . 
  good old buckies . 
  sounds like you went to a public school . 
  so , you did n't learn a language in school ? 
  what is your point ? 
  if you read that thread you would see it was a brit i was responding to . 
  you 're deliberately trying to be offensive . 
  although here is a low level of language learning in uk schools , since it is not a compulsory component in the system of education . 
  the other comment i responded to was also a joke . 
  [ less than three quarters of adults can not hold a foreeig language in uk ] ( https://www.google.ie/url?sa=t&amp;source=web&amp;rct=j&amp;url=http://www.telegraph.co.uk/education/educationnews/10460432/three-quarters-of-adults-cannot-speak-a-foreign-language.html&amp;ved=0ahukewjgqrhi0j7tahxmd8akhxawbyeqfggzmaa&amp;usg=afqjcnetktkhyadxqwcxd6_-t5vkpoyv4w&amp;sig2=dddzmyp2ldzzapkhow_exa ) what foreign language do you speak ? 
  to what level ? 
  where did you learn it ? 
  that particular comment was meant to be tongue in cheek . 
  sorry , i thought you were on about the famine again , about how it was just an unfortunate event that had nothing to do with westminster actively desiring tm decimate the population of ireland . 
  but , considering the amount of people who take a foreign language to a level , and that standard , then the fact that the foreign language speaking population would be the people who make up the foreign language percentage , then aah the the other poster said is probably correct . 
  no , you are incredibly misinformed .
