  not as a luxury , as part of the utopia . 
  as long as there are puppies , i 'm happy . 
  sounds great but title needs more `` puppies '' . 
  no , i do n't support american `` intervention '' at all ... not since the truman doctrine and vietnam . 
  whatever about korea , that may have been a good idea . 
  no , american `` intervention '' is just the us industry of war propagating itself and bombing the shit out of other countries , creating political instability and helping themselves to oil . 
  i 'm pretty sure it was played on the radio but i have absolutely no memory of it . 
  i must have blacked out . 
  way after you . 
  it was all in focus on the past . 
  guinness , whiskey , cider , bailey 's . 
  fat shaming ? 
  sounds very mean . 
  but being fat is not a healthy or attractive trait . 
  fat acceptance ? 
  sounds like people living their lives as best and as happily as they can . 
  although being fat is not a healthy or attractive trait . 
  call ba , explain your situation and see if there 's something you can switch or change . 
  you never know . 
  maybe call them and explain and see or book insurance and see if you can get the costs covered that way . 
  they have it in their t & cs pretty tight , apparently , so ... 
  i do n't know but she was turned away from her flight and had to get a cab to another airport and book another flight . 
  i 'm no lawyer but i was there when it happened . 
  so , ba can be dicks like that . 
  not with ba , no . 
  this happened to my sister when flying out from a family holiday . 
  she changed her flights and got a ryanair out and was refused boarding on her return ticket . 
  she 's a lawyer and very litigious but apparently there was nothing she could do about it . 
  see if you can book insurance maybe and then try to cancel it . 
  i just like the way sweden and finland look so much like a man 's dick and balls . 
  ehm , they were planted by russians . 
  so there are some russians there still . 
  newfies do . . or used to anyway . 
  i answered this question a few days ago ... as part of our junior certificate history syllabus , ireland covers america in relation to all other themes . 
  like , the age of discovery is covered , that includes columbus , vasco de gama , bartholemew diaz . . so that covers the pilgrims . 
  then there is the age of revolution , so that covers the boston tea party , declaration of independence , american war of independence and the constitution . 
  i do n't think the american civil war was covered on the syllabus . 
  the depression was covered , the dustbowl would come in there . 
  also in relation to world history , would be linked in with the rise of the weimer republic and its fall and hyper inflation and the rise of fascism in europe . 
  ww1 & 2 , again , in relation to broader world history , but america 's rise as a world superpower and the cold war is all covered , bay of pigs , korean war , marshall plan , truman doctrine . 
  american civil rights movement was covered . 
  so , yeah , all that is taught in irish schools and examined on in state exams . 
  i just think of the european countries that are on the mediterranean , really . 
  i love the med . 
  i would love to live there . 
  at least some of that 38 % appear to have voted leave to try to fuck up the uk and get scotref 2 . 
  i have n't heard of it . 
  i might check it out but i must confess , i do n't really like johnny depp in serious roles . 
  i do n't really think this is something that correlates with irish history though . 
  if you 're looking for american history that affected irish history , you could look into how the civil rights movement in the south sparked a civil rights movement in northern ireland . 
  the civil rights movement was a significant historical period in us history and it was so significant that it 's message was broadcast around the world . 
  the civil rights movement in northern ireland started at the same period and was also triggered by the introduction of free university education in the uk . 
  this movement , which started peacefully and in the same vein as the us movement , with matches for civil rights , escalated to the point of the troubles beginning . 
  although there is loads of american history i do find interesting , i think if i were to sum up the most interesting , influential periods of american history , the three would be the americna revolution and independence , the civil war and then the civil rights movement . 
  the other pivotal historical moments are more world history than american , like ww1 and 2 , after which america emerged as the true global super power and the empire went into decline and the beginning of the cold war , have more to do with world history than just american history , so , i think that 's the distinction i would make . 
  it 's just rather tame , is all . 
  compared to european folklore , it 's not very interesting . 
  yes , the departed guy . 
  i meant the most interesting part of american history . 
  interesting . 
  i always thought it was an old woman thing because my grandmother used to wear them . 
  i just assumed it had been a trend in the forties or something . 
  old women used to wear them here to protect her hair from the rain and to cover her hair if they were wearing old lady rollers . 
  i do n't really see old ladies wearing them nowadays though . 
  we learned about these as propaganda necessary to give identity to a new nation . 
  the stories about washington in his youth , the facts i ca n't remember now , but i know they were discussed as it being important that these stories were cultivated to give a sense of leadership to him . 
  also , something about the white house design and they would n't go with a french architect and got a new design , resulting in a signature colonial architecture for america . 
  and links to freemasonry . 
  it 's still not folklore in the traditional sense of what folklore actually is . 
  just a few stories for the birth of a nation . 
  that may have been the title of that chapter , the birth of a nation . 
  the only significant period in american cultural revolution . 
  the revolution and then the civil war . 
  that is the significant period where american history was doing something of major historic importance . 
  i think all history is interesting but there is n't a whole lot more that is revolutionary or noteworthy . 
  everything else was relatively quiet development , interesting in its own way , but in terms of seismic shifts , sort of banal . 
  well , folklore is something extremely different to history . 
  i am unable to go into either on reddit , they 're far too vast . 
  we covered the entire revolution , causes and consequences of the american revolution as part of the history junior certificate syllabus . 
  as far as i 'm aware , you have no such equivalence . 
  it is impossible to just study any history in isolation . 
  we studied the american revolution as a consequence of the french revolution , which was much more interesting . 
  as a consequence of these , there was also an irish rebellion . 
  ideas were spread and they all affected each other . 
  also jacobites and stuff . 
  you also have to look at what the british were doing etc. 
  you could look at the invasion of ireland and 1606 , the plantations of ulster and the flight of the earls . 
  this was very important and it is interesting to follow their lives on continental europe . 
  . . like the hennessy who started a successful brandy business . 
  called it cognac or something snooty . 
  the most successful irish revolution started in 1916 , was quashed and the leaders were killed . 
  this sparked a successful guerrilla war , from which the irish won independence for most of the island . 
  irish folklore is a completely different entity altogether . 
  there are many cycles of mythology ... the fenian cycle , ulster cycle . 
  there are many fascinating stories and characters . 
  you could read about fionn mac cumhaill and na fianna , cuchulain ( formerly setanta ) , m\u00e9abdh ( or meave , if yiu like westworld ) , loads of other . 
  anyway , america was always very isolated and all you had was one straightforward revolution really and then a nice constitution and washington dressed up to counter the excesses of george . 
  yes , that was all covered in history in school . 
  it 's history though , i have no idea why it is being referred to as folklore . 
  i do n't understand why they refer to history as folklore .
