  most people in galway rely on cars , because there is no real alternative . 
  i also think it 's not that good in dublin . 
  there is no integrated system . 
  i had a german lecturer in college who had lived in many cities and said that dublin was the first city he had to buy a car in , because he felt that public transportation was shit . 
  it is . 
  it may be okay in dublin . 
  not much better than that . 
  having lived in germany and england myself , in comparison it is expensive and crap . 
  the system of public transport in galway is shit . 
  eyre square to knocknacarra is not a walkable distance , particularly in driving rain . 
  dublin may have a good system of transportation , if you live in the right areas . 
  nowhere else does . 
  public transportation in ireland is completely shit . 
  if you live in dublin , it 's not that bad . 
  galway has no public transport worth mentioning . 
  plenty of critical mass and such , so ... 
  i disagree . 
  everywhere else , no . 
  absolutely shit . 
  totally crap . 
  i 've been dependent on a car since i left school . 
  before that , i needed lifts . 
  because we evolved from fish and different types of new fish branched out . 
  and then some of those new fish branched out again and again and again ... until we had these fish that were all descended from a common fish , so the branches of these fish are quite close in time and so they resemble each other . 
  like how my cocker spaniel fish looked a bit like a wolf fish but not the same . 
  why are there wolf fish when there are cocker spaniel fish ? 
  that 's the same way as why there are ape fish and human fish . 
  it 's like when people do n't like other people because they belong to a different race and people have preconceived ideas about that race of people . 
  now is not the time !!!, 
  now is not the time !!, 
  i think it was stupid and i lived in the uk at the time , so it was pretty obvious who was voting what , so , it seemed very stupid indeed . 
  it seemed to me that england is going down the bad route . 
  i do n't resent them . 
  i still think it was a very stupid decision and will lead to many geo political changes in the future . 
  i do n't think this is going to end well for the uk , tbh . 
  they 'll probably lose scotland . 
  maybe ni down the line too . 
  ireland , well ... no need to go into it really . 
  lots and lots of very poor and hungry irish catholics mosied on over from every single generation . 
  recently , we prefer australia , new zealand etc. 
  1.00 p.m - 2.00 p.m, 
  ireland too . 
  we love the poles . 
  great lads . 
  art nouveau . . late 19th , early 20th century, 
  badly ? 
  in what way ? 
  actors who physically resemble cage ? 
  wooden actors who got their jobs as a result of family connections ? 
  i would choose to lose every iota of catholicism . 
  all of it . 
  all religious shit . 
  july 19th . 
  galway was liberated from indians , marathon became snickers and the ice age ended . 
  ehm , yeah , sure . 
  it means it 's after midnight and a new year ... right ? 
  that looks really painful . 
  poor moose . 
  yeah , every day . 
  lots of people speak irish to me cos they know i speak it too . 
  my gym seems to be where all the connies go too . 
  so , yeah . 
  also think it 's really interesting that the scottish description of how gaelg\u00f3ir\u00ed speak is pretty much exactly how you 'd describe irish accents !, 
  but i went to secondary school in galway . 
  so , my english accent is fairly galwayish , i hope anyway, 
  yeah , i 'm from spiddal . 
  lamb , mint sauce , chocolate . 
  yes ... and they have a very rounded potato in the mouth sound . 
  particularly conamara . 
  as brat kids we would intentionally speak english to some of the older guys to lawff ad thee agsintz ant syntax . 
  i would say that 's the same for irish . 
  there is quite a recognisable accent but youngguns do n't really have it . 
  utility room . 
  i think this is simply an excellent description of how americans sound . 
  when the piano is totally fucked , just be sure to save the wire . 
  soooo ooh much fun . 
  it 's just a bit too loud . 
  i like a nice , silent strangulation , drowning or suffocation . 
  are you fucking autistic ? 
  william wallace spoke english with the gay , wimpy robert the bruce . 
  i learned it in a historically accurate biopic . 
  act like that . 
  would n't be as much fun as how we love killing each other so much now . 
   clean up your mess funny . 
  you americans are just so funny . 
  if i had a gun at hand , i would kill less people . 
  that would be an ecumenical matter . 
  yes . 
  the next time you see some one , it would only be polite to give them a nice auld murder . 
  sure , did n't the lord himself pause for a nice murder before giving himself up for the world ? 
  did n't you hear ? 
  we all are !, 
  we all like killing each other , just , oh so much !!!, 
  an american said it , so you know it 's true . 
  it 's how we say hello . 
  i just love killing people . 
  and people love killing me . 
  i just love when i 'm killed . 
  we just love killing eachother all the time . 
  a utopian society requires puppies .
