  church is viewed with general disdain though . 
  i had a marijuana once . 
  i 'm pretty sure people get mixed up between irish and scottish all the time , so it makes sense we have the same stereotypes . 
  copy/paste ... irish stereotype . 
  + ginger . 
  uhm , as american people , i suppose . 
  back americans seem to get a raw deal . 
  native americans too . 
  the brand of healy-rae , a money motivated family of slack jaw yokels who manipulate the slow kerry electorate in order to subvert science and the law of the land for their own business interests . 
  typical example of irish parochial politics . 
  should be put down . 
  people still say `` spaz '' or `` spa '' to mean a fucking idiot . 
  did n't know it was so bad . 
  chips require cheese . 
  they 're naked without . 
  cheese and garlic mayo or cheese and curry sauce . 
  wo n't bother with chips unless they 're garlic cheesy or curry cheesy chips . 
  barry 's tea is the only tea . 
  nope . 
  do you think posting the same questions in the same format is going to get any other reaction ? 
  no , you 're special . 
  you 're the only person who has ever posted here looking to flout the laws of our countries and looking for advice on how to buy wives . 
  he also posts as u/sungani, 
  because you 're weird and ask the same weird questions no-one else would think to ask . 
  he does this every now and again ... how do i buy an eu wife , how do i get a free , illegal education , what social clubs have the best chance of getting me a wife . 
  he 's very weird . 
  well , that was your last plan , you wanted to buy an albanian woman as a wife . 
  and you 've asked this sub numerous times how you can scam eu countries for free tuition , to live without a visa etc. 
  i see you 're at it again . 
  so , you were n't able to buy an albanian wife with the lure of a us passport ? 
  they are very right wing . 
  the paint themselves as centralists but they are clearly heabily influenced by the catholic church , as evidenced by their recent behaviour . 
  they 're not far right but fg were founded as a far right fascist party ... eoin o duffy and the blueshirts . 
  also , most of their elected party members are in their fifties and sixties who have sat in the d\u00e1il for over 20 , 30 years and are the kind of people who are heavily influenced by catholic schooling and so may perceive themselves to be central but are actually very right wing . 
  they 're right wing sheep , i reckon . 
  people who do n't have to think too hard because they sit in their ivory tower and like to judge others for what they perceive others have `` done wrong '' , whereas they 've never done anything wrong , they may have had `` bad luck '' or other people are bolloxes . 
  they 're the type of kids in school who rat on other kids but get praised by the teacher , so they reckon they 're on the `` good side '' . 
  i despise these types , they run our government . 
  i think it 's generally accepted that being liberal and progressive are positive attributes , however irish society is layered with hypocrisy . 
  the irish independence movement was definutely a left wing movement , but once we got indoendence , the catholic church hijacked it and turned it into an extremely right wing country , which lingers with a certain generation ... the two main parties , fine gael and fianna f\u00e1il try to describe themselves as central parties , or centre right , and many older people probably believe this . 
  however , it 's a cover . 
  they 're clearly extremely right wing . 
  in fact , fine gael were founded as fascists . 
  so , yeah , they must . 
  they 're hypocrites but they would see themselves as `` progressive and liberal '' because that 's synonymous with `` good '' or `` correct '' . 
  i would consider my parents very right wing . 
  they 're not overtly racist or extreme nationalists ( but i 've definitely heard comments i find offensive ) , but their opinions are very catholic based and influenced . 
  i do n't even think they realise this themselves because they 're very sheltered , spoiled baby boomers who want things a certain way , and that 's an old fashioned `` everything is terrible , we are the only people who know what the right way is '' kind if way . 
  they also both voted no for same sex marriage , despite knowing people who are gay . 
  i consider them a very typical 60 + selfish type of right wing . 
  and they 're perfectly able to lie to themselves about it and pretend they 're progressive and liberal . 
  there are so many baby boomers like that in ireland , including most of our government . 
  there are also loads of others who are n't . 
  my mother 's sisters consider her a `` bigoted bully '' , but there are so many like her . 
  i also got my uncle ( by marriage , to one of my mother 's sisters ) to cite my father as an example of someone brainwashed by the church . 
  like many . 
  they 're very self righteous and sanctimonious . 
  halloween , probably , is the only one that is universally celebrated . 
  you need to check out the it crowd , same writers and stuff . 
  you 'd love it . 
  it was ` father ted ' , channel 4 made it . 
  i do n't post on r/catholicism , but i 'm irish and i lived in the uk for years . 
  there is a difference between pubs . 
  there is a marked difference in the atmosphere , irish pubs usually have music playing , english pubs tend not to . 
  apart from that , there 's not a whole lot i can put my finger on , but the atmospheres are markedly different . 
  obviously not as different as beerhalls in germany , but they are different . 
  to an irish person anyway , there is . 
  that one is true . 
  there is no such thing as a ` leitrim ' . 
  we wrote in print until 2nd or 3rd ( 8 or 9 ) class and then learned looped cursive . 
  i 've never written in print since , except for technical writing in university and when instructed to do so . 
  joint writing is so much faster . 
  so , what op posted , we learned itthe first way initially and then learned the second example later . 
  fort knox is associated with something being well fortified or hard to get into , are 51 is associated with aliens . 
  cia is just the us secret service . 
  maybe mi5 or 6 are more renowned for spies . 
  so , these things are definitely in common usage but not to refer to secretive things . 
  occupied territory . 
  whiney , loud , annoying . 
  the uk is n't a country . 
  it 's the united kingdom of great britain ( england , scotland and wales ) and northern ireland , previously ireland . 
  northern ireland is still on the island of ireland . 
  even loyalists do n't dispute that . 
  even ian paisley called himself an irishman . 
  it 's three countries and a statelet , sometimes erroneously referred to as `` 3 countries and a province '' . 
  but it is n't a province either . 
  . . it 's not ulster . 
  ulster has 9 counties , 3 of which are in the republic . 
  it 's a statelet , it 's not a country . 
  the 6 occupied counties of the island of ireland ? 
  that 's not another country . 
  no , we do n't . 
  that 's just something americans tend to say . 
  not that i know of ... apples are roadkill now anyway . 
  do n't exist anymore . 
  the folklore is all real , accurate , historical descriptions , . 
  in the past , these creatures roamed the land . 
  however , as a result of the popularity of articulated lorries , the creatures have descended into memories of past roadkill . 
  foxes fucking in the middle of the night is still the banshee though . 
  i thought the us was allabout federalisation , so surely the netherlands is the same as . . maine , or something , .
