  he 's not the type to listen and take notes . 
  they would n't be . 
  he 's not a member of parliament . 
  because his wife is an immigrant ? 
  if you own a teeny tiny bedsit in chelsea , you 're rich . 
  does n't he already live in the us ? 
  that is hilarious . 
  that baby is also hilarious , those are some chubby baby cheeks . 
  imagine if you had 5 billion of them sitting around . 
  i fully expect this their investment strategy to consist of buying up luxury property . 
  they 've been doing it for years . 
  i know . 
  sounds like they 're going to continue with this lucrative investment strategy . 
  they 'll buy up all of knightsbridge , south kensington and chelsea ? 
  i do n't think it 's that simple at all . 
  the eu is fine with the uk leaving the eu , the uk does n't want scotland to leave the uk . 
  most foreign nationals would have voted on in indyref to secure their place in scotland , then their wishes are dismissed as they are only a small part of the uk . 
  also , brexit was based on lies and fallacies , scottish independence is based on an attempt to capitalise on scottish needs and wishes . 
  i do n't even think eu membership is the only option for scotland , joining countries like iceland and norway is an equally viable option , although the snp are angling for eu membership . 
  the basics seem to be that scotland can do a lot better and deserve not to be vetoed by westminster just because . 
  it is unlikely that the uk will do better outside of the common market but the campaign was falsely painted that way . 
  so , it 's actually the same approach to think brexit is a bad idea and scottish independence is a good idea . 
  control from westminster is totalitarian for scotland . 
  they want economic growth and are basing their strategies on these facts rather than fallacies which the majority of the british population fell for . 
  the uk had many options outs from the eu during their membership and are simply fostering the idea of a totalitarian eu to have a convenient scape goat for westminster 's own faults and decisions . 
  when a cousin loves a cousin , their parents , who were also cousins , marry them off together and their progeny has less genetic variability than non cousins , but the family wealth stays in the family . 
  dna testing will show all . 
  not if your whole line is inbred too . 
  it 's a very shallow gene pool to be splashing around in . 
  jees , if you think turkey is bad , check out the rest of the middle east . 
  \u00c0gain , what was the presidents daughter doing there ? 
  could trump not find a baby sitter ? 
  what the hell was ivanka even doing there ? 
  yup , yup . 
  one thing though . 
  i 'd love to see the invoice . 
  very interesting but what has the photo got to do with trump handing a fake invoice to merkel ?? 
   you do n't seem to know much . 
  i do n't care much . 
  photoshopped or not , what was that photo adding to your argument ? 
  if you do n't see why that behaviour is irrational and diplomatically unacceptable , then there 's no point arguing with you . 
  you will believe what you want , regardless , as evidenced by your arguments . 
   mental how ? 
  self explanatory , really . 
   this is a power-play and is quite clever . 
  behaving like a child is not a clever power play . 
   watch the german contribution rise in the next few years . 
  or the implementation of an eu army instead . 
  if the contributions do grow from germany , it could n't be put down to this childish , irrational stunt . 
   mental was the little ` reset ' button obama had made to hand to the russian foreign minister . 
  mental and naive . 
  https://cdn1.ijr.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/176374548-600x330.jpg what has any of that got to do with the irrational and disrespectful behaviour of a supposed diplomat towards a world leader ? 
  refusing to shake her hand , making baffling statements in press conferences , printing out imaginary bills with interest and getting his daughter to advocate for him in front of merkel ... clever power plays ? 
  he 's mental . 
  and he 's an idiot . 
  photostopped pics of hillary clinton as an argument ... mmm . 
  i 'm going to take a wild stab in the dark and guess perhaps you 're a trump supporter of the american persuasion . 
  go home , trumpeter . 
  build a wall . 
  you 'll be safe from alternative views there . 
  i love the way the dutch find realistic and practical solutions to problems instead of making laws everyone breaks . 
  mental . 
  bewilderingly mental . 
  possibly . 
  or its possible that these laws were legitimately implemented to protect privacy in cases like mistaken identity and human rights and such , so legally law enforcement was able to do anything . 
  i personally think it 's the latter . 
  i believe the laws were implemented with the best intentions to protect human rights . 
  changes are necessary but i doubt the powers that be intended for people to get killed so that it could be changed . 
  i imagine it was more of a case of their hands being tied over certain issues . 
  they did flag him up so they presumably were doing their job right . 
  of course , who really knows for sure ? 
  maybe it was the former . 
  i doubt it though.the circumstances of the attack were too variable to have been predicted . 
  they predicted that the perpetrator was a threat . 
  so , that 's where the grey issue is . 
  well , according to this , the authorities could have prevented it , ironically being prevented from preventing due to legalities . 
  privacy laws . 
  same reason they were n't allowed publish photos of the suspect in germany despite there being a warrant out for his arrest . 
  . . stupid laws . 
  and he 's pissed off he ca n't get off on naked selfies anymore . 
  suing the fuck would be better ... might lead to a change in policy . 
  because this stops said uk minister being able to spy on messages . 
  try telling an irish person they 're english . 
  no genetic differences , no real reason to tell each other apart and the countries are on excellent terms . 
  irish people will still be mildly insulted and offended and will be sure to correct you . 
  irish are not english , even though there are similarities . 
  greeks are not turks . 
  pot ... meet kettle . 
  i care about this guy . 
  brilliant video . 
  i do n't know what i expected but i did n't expect it to be so easy and relaxed and informative . 
  nothing wrong with that sentiment . 
  oh , i think i sorta , kinda get it now . 
  thanks . 
  ireland was united and independent back then . 
  how is it a reference to the terrorist attack today ? 
  i really just do n't get it . 
  the star has fallen ? 
  what did brexit have to do with today 's terrorist attack ? 
  i do n't see it but maybe i 'm missing something in the image ??
