  it is the same reason i was able to assimilate well in germany on my erasmus . 
  i spoke the language and made every effort to improve it . 
  it gives you more insight into german culture ... it helps you understand german perspectives . 
  relying on one language is insular and restrictive . 
  it is a narrow minded approach to life and fosters a narrow minded , ego centric world view . 
  the more you know , the better . 
  i would argue that irish is becoming less important than it ever has in the general population , particularly as our most educated go abroad . 
  the real lack of irish is to be found in those with the least education . 
  most people of a certain standard of education have a decent understanding , at the very least . 
   how is it not true ? 
  ireland 's doing just fine without it . 
  it 's not true as irish is the living language in west galway . 
  you want to send your kids here , which , funnily enough , people actually move here for that exact reason , you need irish . 
   but really what good would learning irish really do ? 
  learning irish is a whole different way of thinking and communicating . 
  the reason irish literature in english is so good and the reason irish storytelling is so rich is down to the descriptive nature of irish . 
  comparatively , english is a flat and boring language that lacks the many tenses and nuances present in english . 
  there is so much to irish . 
  also , raising children bilingually is beneficial to their overall education . 
  it makes learning other languages far easier . 
  there are plenty of reasons to learn irish . 
  it is a rich language , far richer , broader and more expressive than english . 
  it gives a lot back to the person who can use it by way of how you can formulate your thoughts so differently and the variety of ways you can express yourself , which are completely lacking in the english language . 
  my english is perfect but sometimes , for some reasons , i need to think in irish . 
  the words and means of expression are not available in english . 
  english is quite a restricted language . 
  knowing irish does a lot of good . 
  everyone must learn it anyway . 
  the problem is the fact that it is not taught properly . 
  this is a problem with primary school teaching more than anything . 
  when you get to secondary school , the specialised irish teachers will be fluent and well able to teach irish . 
  however , at this stage , the standard has been raised and most people do n't have the correct basis from their poor primary education . 
  it 's a simple problem that has been identified many times but never dealt with . 
   not knowing irish does n't effect your day to day life at all . 
  it does where i 'm from . 
  it is actually a living language in west galway . 
  yes , we can all speak perfect english and do so daily as well , but not speaking irish would severely affect my life in conamara . 
   irish speakers are practically extinct . 
  this is just not true . 
  there are so many irish speakers , especially where i 'm from . 
  people actually move here so their kids can get gaeltacht educations . 
   a growing portion are starting to learn irish everyone has always had to learn irish in school , it is just a matter of what standard . 
  the reason irish speakers are n't in your face is because english is the language of communication outside of the gaeltacht . 
  native speakers speak english and communicate in english . 
  i do n't know where you get the idea that irish speakers are practically extinct . 
  it is not true at all . 
  what is true is that the standard of irish learned in schools has slipped down a slippery slope as a result of crap teaching practices . 
  it would have been ideal . 
  instead dev gave the state 's education to the catholic fucking church . 
  we pay the consequences still . 
  everyone in ireland learns irish . 
  people who are , on average , good students , will have a good level of fluency by the time they finish school . 
  you get two irish kids who work in the financial sector in england , the odds that they can communicate in irish are not that low . 
  in conamara we still use that ` r ' . 
  i did not know what an alveolar flap is but after listening to the sound , that is still the ` r ' used . 
  that is still the way the ` r ' is pronounced in irish . 
  what ? 
  it is pronounced like the english ` r ' , more or less anyway . 
   something that 's completely useless that 's not true . 
   who are you going to talk irish to ? 
  i speak to everyone in west galway in irish . 
  everyone does . 
   why should the government spend money it does n't need to be about spending money . 
  it needs to be about efficiency in policy . 
  simple as that . 
  ineffective governance created inefficiencies . 
   the other irish nerds who also speak english ? 
  this just shows a rank disregard for people and culture . 
  there is far more to a language than communication . 
  the government would be to blame for ineffective reform . 
  i am actually a fluent speaker . 
  when , for instance , primary school teachers can not speak sufficient irish to teach it , that is where ineffective government reforms come into play . 
  government have a lot to do with education , like in the uk , where ineffective government reforms , particularly under gove , have meant a severe drop in the standard of education and a severe teacher retention crisis . 
  no , it 's ineffective governance . 
  what an uninformed wanker . 
  i usually like david mitchell , but here he is way off , patronising and misses the point completely . 
  stephen fry has very different views on the issue ,, 
  there are plenty of people who do . 
  there is a system of being educated solely in irish that lots of people go through . 
  it is definitely a middle class movement . 
  he 's not right at all . 
  they 're speaking slowly for the camera and are definitely native speakers , expect for the guy with the eyebrow piercing and the guy in the red coat . 
  native speakers being less fluent than their grandparents and great grandparents is a load of crap . 
  i 'm from the gaeltacht and we speak a lot more rapidly when we 're in the gaeltacht than when being interviewed about a topic in galway . 
  u/an _ craca_mor does not know what he 's talking about . 
  you think the irish language is unimportant ? 
  no , most of them were native speakers ... that skinny little dude with the eyebrow piercing seemed to think he was fluent when he clearly was n't . 
  guy in the red coat was a bit rusty and not a native speaker , but fluent . 
  i think some of them were considering their answers , but a lot of them were native speakers . 
  the older lady was a native speaker but she was kinda a bit considered in her speech . 
  the tv show broadcast a graphic entitled `` reasons to choose an eastern european girlfriend '' , which listed : 1 . 
  they are all mums , but after giving birth they regain their figure 2 . 
  they are always sexy . 
  no tracksuits or pyjamas 3 . 
  they forgive cheating 4 . 
  they are willing to let their man rule 5 . 
  they are perfect housewives . 
  they learn all house works at young age 6 . 
  they do n't whine or get clingy , and they never hold a grudge . '', 
  so does money .
