  no boys allowed . 
  no , he ca n't hide from his radical conservative agenda . 
  * sorry to your friends from britain and ireland !!!, 
  according to the test , i got la , san jose or fremont . 
  does n't sound out of character for many of the regions in west dublin , tbh . 
  so , people were calling leo a paki to his face or behind his back to you , as you were presumably canvassing for someone else ? 
  phew !, 
  thought you were one of themmuns !, 
  so , people were actually racially abusing leo at the door ? 
  he 's not the best candidate . 
  well , maybe he is for fine gael . 
  but it 's not up to the people either , it 's an internal fine gael appointment . 
  he 's a horrible , bullying little conservative imo . 
  but his slightly sallow hue had no impact in my opinion of him . 
  he 's also gay , so he 's got that to use as pr to shield himself from the liberal agenda in favour of his lovely conservative one . 
  you canvassed for leo ? 
  no , it has to come from within ni . 
  loads of parties are calling for or alluding to a border poll soon , but it 's not likely to pass this time . 
  ireland needs to get its shit together or else it 's not a viable alternative . 
  and then brexit will have to go to shit for ni . 
  so it realistically needs another 10 years . 
  but the dup are really making the case for a ui . 
  nah , leo is the darling of older conservatives in ireland . 
  i heard some old farmers from kerry being interviewed about leo 's gay and the love him still . 
  the gay would be the factor that the old catholics would hate , but he pushes just the right poor people hating policies that they love leo . 
  pass for white ? 
  i used to think he must have had a bulgarian or russian dad or something before i read the article that said he actually was n't white . 
  this really is n't much of an issue , he 's a perfect fg politician , privileged private school education to boot . 
  i doubt his indian heritage has ever caused him one bit of trouble in ireland . 
  well , he 's just leo varadkar in ireland . 
  he 's a west dub , private schooled , privileged poor people hater . 
  or a great lad , if his policies are what you 're into . 
  it 's hard to think that his minute tint of brown comes into it , except in international articles that claim he must be liberal because of said hint of a tint . 
  or in the little home exposes he does with his family and boyfriend at the moment . 
  no , in ireland we like to give people the benefit of the doubt . 
  his supposed `` non-whiteness '' and gayness are supposed to give the air of liberalism and progressiveness . 
  . . `` are n't we great ? 
  we have a gay , brown leader now !! '', 
  it 's used as a shield to protect from the fact that leo is about as liberal as the catholic church . 
  he is gon na win though , most likely . 
  he 's also one of the most neo conservative types fg has to offer , and that 's saying something . 
  in my time it was ... a : 85 % - 100 % b : 70 % - 84 % c : 55 % - 69 % d : 40 % - 54 % ( lowest passing grade ) e : 25 % - 39 % f : 10 % - 24 % which , for the leaving certificate is further broken down to a1 : 90 - 100 % a2 : 85 - 89 % b1 : 80 - 84 % etc , etc this year , however , they 've changed it to be called h1 , h2 , etc , while corresponding to the same percentage levels and points for university entry . 
  ( you count your six best subjects for a maximum of 600 points and must pass all compulsory subjects ), 
  yeah , that 's just not explicitly true . 
  there were reasons why it was seen as traitorous , since ireland was not yet free of the commonwealth and churchill wanted ireland bombed to bits . 
  anyway , i know it 's not explicitly true as i had grand uncles who fought and died in the raf . 
  the family were sort of ashamed of the fact that he was killed after bombing dresden , as it was a crime against civilians . 
  irish people were probably less likely to write everything the empire did as right . 
  that 's quite specific . 
  does n't really `` honor '' all fallen soldiers , not even those from war of independence . 
  yeah , generally everyone is proud of those people . 
  there was nothing negative attributed to people who joined the british army in ww2 , it was just kinda seen as stupid to risk your life for the empire . 
  point is , we do n't have a memorial day . 
  no , not that i 'm aware of . 
  in case people are thristy . 
  that 's me . 
  i 'm that annoying dog person , cos they 're just the best wickle fluffikins with the lovely friendidly , waggley tailseses , just the bestest , yes you are . 
  the bestest !, 
  aaaaw !!, 
  very uncommon . 
  i do n't trust our police , not only are they incompetent , they are corrupt . 
  they are not a brutal force , so , they 've got that . 
  no , she has a good reputation because she 's a good politician and she runs holyrood very well . 
  she is astute and an excellent and clear orator . 
  she does n't employ doublespeak . 
  yes, 
  hoooos a good dog ? 
  nicola sturgeon . 
  scotland , cos dal riada . 
  and ni of course . 
  r/shitamericanssay sums it up nicely . 
  it 's one of my new favourite subs , i believe having learned about it on this sub . 
  i thought people were a bit into the special air service for a while . 
  had to ask about it and got this gem in return . 
  absolutely love flower of scotland . 
  it 's a great auld tune with cracking lyrics . 
  i think it 's like a bad compromise to admitting that same sex couples should be able to marry but some backward fuckers in society are n't on board . 
  was the way in ireland until everyone rallied against the evil divisiveness of what our all powerful catholic church wanted and told them to suck it . 
  if people want to get married , they want to get married , not have some halfway appeasement to those who do n't want them to get married . 
  it 's not huge but they 're definitely around . 
  there are plenty of vegan options and quite a few vegan restaurants and stuff , but obviously they 're not patroned solely by vegans . 
  he 's a yank but he resembles an irish traveller . 
  ah yes . 
  beloved by all . 
  it 's funny that when we get to directly chose our leader , we always opt for a lefty liberal . 
  when it 's chosen for us , it 's always some right wing opportunist . 
  read the second letter , ei is `` i '' , ie is `` e '' . 
  yeah , but that 's the presidential standard or the leinster flag . 
  there 's nothing wrong with a national flag that is simple and recognisable and represents good intentions . 
  if it ai n't broke , do n't fix it . 
  a simple tricolour does the trick just fine . 
  no reason to want to change it . 
  tricolour is fine . 
  symbolism is nice too . 
  enda kenny was a shit leader . 
  varadkar will be worse . 
  backlash on the irish subredd it , mostly because ireland has been and is still being seriously harmed by the catholic church . 
  it 's the institution rather than the belief . 
  no-one discusses personal beliefs . 
  not the right sub reddit .
