  there 's always efta . 
  i dunno what kinda testicle you 've seen but if you have them and they look all lumpy like that , you better go to your doctor !, 
  if you do n't have them and they look like that , do n't fucking touch em . 
  we 're just a little teddy bear . 
  istanbul was constantinople now it 's istanbul , not constantinople been a long time gone , oh constantinople byzantiumis the best . 
  same as all the unionists who applied for their irish passports through ian paisley jr ? 
  oh look , the scandinavian penis is back . 
  yes , but the dup are doing everything to not change . 
  they 're stuck in their beliefs and although they 're maintaining their tribal vote , their insistence on sticking to their religious dogma is pissing everyone except religious dogmatism off . 
  and now the poor uup have crumbled , which is a shame but it means more moderates unionists have less of an opportunity to vote moderately . 
  i do n't think it 's something that will happen any time soon , i just see it moving in a particular direction . 
  brexit is already causing jobs to move south of the border . 
  ni does n't have to be a marginal region without a successful economic policy of its own and if westminster continue to fund it as a depressed region as opposed to growing economic policy , then it will lead to resentment , particularly if scotland succeeds economically under its own steam . 
  again , i do n't think ireland is capable at the moment . 
  i think our government is a complete shambles and a corrupt disgrace and could n't unite a jigsaw puzzle . 
  however , ireland cares more about the north than the uk does and ni would do better in the eu than out . 
  scotland may set a precedent by following their own fiscal plan and thrive away from westminster 's rule , it could be somthing to aspire to . 
  if there were to be reunification , ireland has to sort it 's own shop out before any of this could possibly happen but the fact that ireland is in the eu and the uk is leaving is the economic factor that changes everything . 
  ni could do well as a federal region within ireland too . 
  i 've never seen such a bright pink niqab . 
  i love this story . 
  did any of the players ' girlfriends or wives have babies ? 
  i 've never seen such a bright pink burqa . 
  yes , there has been talk of implementing the border to ferry ports on the island of britain , that 's probably the only way they can do it . 
  i would find it hard to believe that the others in the eu wo n't see the reasoning behind a soft border in ni . 
  i would be surprised if it was voted against , considering the history and reasoning behind the model of border sought . 
  i suppose all we can do is wait and see . 
  but people are getting really fed up with the unionists , particularly . 
  their stance and approach is alienating more moderates unionists and mobilising moderate nationalists to vote for sinn f\u00e9in . 
  i think , regardless of religion and national identities , the real shift in years to come will be for economic reasons . 
  the effects of brexit will play a huge part as the economy is already pretty crap in the north and because middle class people are being worst effected , this will play a part . 
  i do n't think it will come down to identities as the years play on . 
  if people on both sides of the sectarian divide feel like ni is suffering as part of the union , it will create a shift in attitudes for economical reasons as opposed to identity . 
  anyway , regardless , currently i do n't believe all nationalists would vote for reunification as things stand . 
  it is just becoming an increasingly more viable option for the entire population , particularly as the younger generations grow and are less influenced by sectarianism and particularly as sinn f\u00e9in have marketed themselves as the more liberal and inclusive , younger party and the dup continue to alienate younger and more progressive voters with their hardline , religious stance . 
  strong support , regardless of economic issues . 
  it comes down to historic reasons . 
  yeah , that 's the thing , it might come down to the coming travel area and also it will probably be fought for tooth and nail by the irish government . 
  no-one wants the border and it can be reasonable to assume that there can be a negotiation for the desired model for all of the political reasons that a make it necessary to avoid a hard border in ni . 
  it 's still a small island that is disconnected from both britain and mainland europe so i would n't be surprised if they figure it out . 
  nothing is set yet though so we do have to wait and see . 
  could well be a traditional border , who knows ? 
  no , you 're right , however the demographics are shifting one way and so is the political climate . 
  so , even if the majority is as you say it is , it is changing quickly and of those who were happy to just be northern irish , well , that option is set to change as brexit effects industry and jobs in northern ireland . 
  many jobs are already in the process of moving and brexit looks set to negatively effect northern ireland . 
  there 's also a bit of speculation that westminster is a bit sick of all the shit ni brings and could do without . 
  for example , theresa may was supposed to do a uk tour of brexit but she just showed up in scotland , for obvious reasons , and ignored ni . 
  now , granted we know it 's a political minefield there so it 's reasonable to assume there were other reasons behind this move , but the other side may be that there is no real benefit for the uk to keep ni and all its problems . 
  it may want to shed the baggage and cost that is ni . 
  i know . 
  and they 're still a better government than ours . 
  we do n't have any of the problems the north has and our government is still shitter . 
  honestly , i do n't know how much publicity it gets outside of ireland , probably very little since its never dwelt on in ireland . 
  our government is utterly crap , lazy , corrupt and incompetent . 
  evidence that the demographics are changing , yeah , there 's loads . 
  i 'm on mobile now but is a map going around of the change in demographics in the north , also the recent elections show a change in demographics . 
  of course , you 're correct in saying this is n't really evidence for reunification but the nationalist community is increasing their majority . 
  seeing as many jobs are now in the process of moving south of the border , i 've anecdotally seen evidence of unionists , for economical reasons over others , to be more in favour of irish reunification as a result of brexit . 
  i do n't expect this to happen any time soon , but the gains made by nationalists is overwhelming and brexit is adding a strong economical element to the argument . 
  yes , it 's much higher . 
  that is n't to say the standard of living is any higher , that one may be a lot more subjective . 
  ireland is riddled with stealth taxes and the price of everything is much , much higher . 
  as for those people who commute to the north , i can only guess they are people from the border counties . 
  in general , wages are lower in the north , but i ca n't account for the jobs they are commuting for . 
  also , the roads in the north basically have n't been upgraded since the seventies . 
  since there 's no border now , you know you 're in the north because the roads suddenly get shit . 
  i imagine if they rejoined ireland , the north would be eligible for regional infrastructure grants from the eu . 
  as for healthcare , well , ireland 's healthcare is probably better but needs massive reform and is quite a two tier system , due to the insurance/medical card issue . 
  basically , there are problems both sides of the border and no one seems to be doing anything about them . 
  so , i suppose , to answer your question , ireland 's ppp is much higher , but so are the costs of living . 
  that 's the disparity . 
  no , ireland is much higher . 
  the problem may be that outside of the uk , the cost of living would rise exponentially for those in ni . 
  there is also the case of healthcare , which the irish government needs to deal with before reunification . 
  many people under a certain threshold would be eligible for free healthcare but most people who are used to healthcare would have to rely on insurance in ireland . 
  this is a fair cause for concern . 
  it 's obviously doable . 
  i think the real issue is that the irish governent has no plan . 
  he has a point . 
  it 's reaching a demographic and shaping their impressionable opinions . 
  the dm readers are like children who have wander into the conversation . 
  yeah , but they 're still edging for that type of border . 
  there have been loads of pieces about the norway/sweden border on irish news and radio so that is exactly what they 're aiming for . 
  i suppose te fact that the uk is not in the eu will mean that this is where the exception comes into play . 
  there 's also been a lot of talk about ferry control etc so it seems they 're trying to push the border onto britain . 
  who knows how the hell it 's going to work out but the norway/sweden model is exactly what they 're aiming for . 
  especially considering they 're the two people who are going to have the biggest effect on the shape of the uk for the future . 
  not that that 's gon na bother dm readers . 
  who knows ... you can say what you like about ni politicians , but at least they 're proactive . 
  ireland 's politicians are the worst kind of inept . 
  scandal after scandal and they adopt the approach of burying their heads in the sand . 
  i do n't know if the irish government can effectively rise to the challenge . 
  yeah , except the majority is changing quickly ... 
  initially it was due to higher nationalist birth rates but now , as a result of brexit , many moderate unionists are changing side . 
  particularly as a result of how they 're being treated by the uk . 
  it may even be an attempt of constructive dismissal by the uk . 
  ni is a huge burden for the uk and may and her cohort may be a little fed up of the problems . 
  mep not mp . 
  although there would n't be anything relating to debates in the ep either , since he does n't show up . 
  when he does its to say something outrageous and piss all of the serious politicians off , as is his custom .
