  varadkar is a dangerous , right wing , conservative . 
  there 's nothing progressive about him . 
  he 's led a privileged , cushioned life and that 's exactly what he stands for politically . 
  being openly gay is not indicative of a good leader . 
  no-one cares what he does with whoever behind closed doors . 
  what he does politically and in his job matters , and quite frankly , that 's the part i do n't care for . 
  i hope a lot more people than 1,000 turn up . . gay , straight , whatever alike . 
  oh jesus , not this absolute bollox . 
  the vast majority of irish people could n't care less if it 's a purple smurf who loves unicorn sex as long as they do their job . 
  sexuality is none of anyone 's business and the particular hue of anyone 's skin does n't give anyone a particular passing thought apart from the fact that their skin may be a minor shade or two darker . 
  no-one in ireland gives a shit about these attributes . 
  the real problem with varadkar is that he is a manipulative conservative bastard who is a champion of the interests of the privileged . 
  he is not a friend of anyone who may be in any way less lucky than to have been born and raised into the ruling elite . 
  varadkar is the worst kind of conservative ever . 
  do n't let being gay colour your view , if anything gets his whole tactic i 'd shock and awesome is to convince everyone that nceause he 's gay he must be liberal , which could n't be further from the truth . 
  it 's the onky shield he has to protect himself from tests fact that leo is actually a wolf pretending to be in sheep 's clothing . 
  varadkar is a tory wannabee , media whoring cunt who wants poor people on their place , shut up , no opportunities and only wants power . 
  varadkar being leader of ireland is no sign of progression . 
  surely we have gotten past the part where `` gay means progress '' because varadkar is plain fucking evil , gay , brown , straight , multicoloured or white , nothing to do with that , he 's just an evil conservative tory . 
  eh , excuse me ? 
  irish politics is steadfast in its shimmy to the right . 
  it just happens that the populace are rollerblading to the left and the government chooses to ignore the populace , . 
  but who gives a fuck about what the people think , the government have power , right ? 
  no , he was berated for being a dick , as is the custom with enda . 
  i 'm a gaelg\u00f3ir myself , enda is just a prick . 
  i 'm skeptical of a country 's leader who uses the word nigger in a joke being respected abroad . 
  i sense more homegrown propaganda . 
  enda is a little parochial twat , a career politician since his early twenties and the epitome of the flaws in irish polical representation . 
  he looks like a twat , walks like a twat , talks like a twat . 
  i 'd be very surprised if other foreign leaders did n't pick up on this . 
  no they did n't . 
  they had a common travel area . 
  totally different . 
  my cousin has been a vegan for a couple of years , has a really healthy well planned diet , grows food , makes sourdough bread , buys the rest in lidl . 
  the reason he became vegan is cos they keep animals , pigs chickens , ducks and grow loads of food . 
  killing the animals and eating em turned him vegan . 
  i can understand that . 
  some birth control treats illnesses related to the reproductive system , endocrine system and skin . 
  no need to be a total prick . 
  i was n't asking for your opinion , you made it clear , i was asking if it was available under insurance for other illnesses , as it is a medication also . 
  but there is way around it . 
  if women report that they have extremely heavy periods and need the pill for this purpose , are they then covered for free ? 
  so it is covered for heavy periods ? 
  or acne ? 
  you know that the pill is prescribed for many other conditions . 
  is it covered in those cases ? 
  like , for instance , if the woman has pcos ? 
  yeah . 
  they wo n't come down until the people living in the areas want them down . 
  that 's the deal . 
  you should listen to john hume 's speeches about the eu and reconciliation . 
  it 's basically this sentiment exactly . 
  you 're providing all the evidence , buddy, 
  you do n't have a clue about the troubles . 
  you really do n't have the slightest clue about the troubles or the borders . 
  the borders were removed because of the fact that both countries were in the eu . 
  the gfa was negotiated when the two countries were eu members , without the membership , the border issue changes . 
  it is something else . 
  in fact , it is a fact that relations between ireland and the uk improved as a direct result of eu membership . 
  a wolf wrapped up in a brown and gay shield . 
  the only people who care about that sorta thing are older people who are secretly slightly racist and secretly uncomfortable with the gay . 
  i , for one , have no problem with either , so i can judge the bastard solely on the fact that he is a destructive privileged cunt who considers social protection as the policy of looking after his rich buddies ' interests . 
  he is a creepy little tory . 
  varadkar is nothing but an opportunistic , media whoring , tory wannabe . 
  he 's not going to be able to do that , he knows he 's not . 
  he just does n't want a referendum on the 8th amendment and does n't want anyone to notice he 's not doing anything . 
  god , i ca n't stand varadkar . 
  gives me the heebie - jeebies . 
  they won the cod war . 
  they have a population of ~ 300k ( so they might be related and have an app to deal with this ) , they 're descended from about ~ 60 % norwegian , 40 % irish . 
  they use a traditional naming system and their surname is derived from their father ( or mother 's ) first name and the suffix - son or - dottir . 
  they have a housing crisis caused by increased tourism and airbnb . 
  the island is known as the land of ice and fire cos of volcanoes and ice and stuff . 
  the althing is the oldest parliament still in existence , their language is basically old english/old norse . 
  they use corrugated iron to protect their buildings from damp . 
  ** they have the cutest , coolest , strongest , fluffiest horses ever !, 
  other way around actually . 
  cos i do n't think the information is correct . 
  look at the source . 
  soooo . 
  let 's force women carry babies they do n't want to replace the current population ? 
  is that your point ? 
  it must be 5-8 % of pregnancies , but this map makes no sense . 
  it 's just all utter bullshit really . 
  fake news . 
  it must just be in countries where the system of education shows yearly decreases in literacy and numeracy then . 
  although , in the last election , labour won the popular vote , tories won fptp . 
  so , this trend is only in the last few years . 
   there 's a bomb threat almost every other week , they just are n't successful so you do n't hear much about them the troubles are quiet due to british intelligence services keeping them that way . 
  you 're talking shite hen . 
  dissidents do not the troubles make , nor is there a bomb threat every other week . 
   once unification happens it 's all going to be on ireland to deal with . 
  well , there is the psni , also the uk have obligations once reunification happens under the terms of the gfa . 
   also a lot of jobs in ni are working for the uk government that means a lot of people rely on the uk for a job that will disappear with unification . 
  are you referring to the civil service , because ni will still require a civil service . 
  also , there are plenty of jobs already being moved from ni to ireland due to brexit . 
  jobs have moved and more will be lost . 
  brexit and the implications of borders , both pyshcologically and financially ( due to eu freedom of movement ) will have huge implications . 
   it 's a complicated thing the uk and ireland both want it the gfa is there to allow it to happen but getting everyone in ni to vote for it is a long way off . 
  10-15 years .
