  they 're crap at their job . 
  i trust them not to go totally crazy though , they 're just extremely inefficient and bad at governing effectively . 
  without an ending . 
   another thing that is difficult for me is to remember which written ss are pronounced like zs . 
  for example , `` music '' is pronounced with a z. i 've never even considered this . 
  does it have to be aluminium framed ? 
  cos you can get folding canvas deck chairs [ like this ] ( http://www.ikea.com/us/en/catalog/products/70338017/ ) pretty much anywhere . 
  but they do n't seem to have as much head room as the ones in your photo . 
  edit ... [ possibly not in ikea ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4153140/ikea-recalls-mysingo-chair-traps-people-s-hands.html ), 
  or a sexually aroused individual from the scandinavian region . 
   fun fact i just found out : it was actually legal in germany too until the 1930 's . 
  it was the nazis who made it illegal . 
  without a doubt one of the funnest facts i 've ever heard . 
  same in ireland except the plastic/cans and paper/cardboard go in the same bin . 
  my only problem with pat\u00e9 on bread , as shown on the wiki picture , is that if you made that for lunch in the morning , how gross and soggy is it going to be by lunchtime ? 
  looks like a totally normal lunch to me though . 
  i generally eat a sandwich , a packet of crisps and a can of diet coke . 
  why does ` ethnically conservative ' mean ? 
  yeah , it seems to be a massive clusterfuck . 
  i 'm just surprised there are border patrols again . 
  yeah , it was a flippant comment on my part . 
  sorry.i had no idea they had been reintroduced . 
  i 'm just kinda surprised really . 
  i guess the moral of the story is that borders are necessary . 
  why is there a border patrol ? 
  what 's going on ? 
  widely used , still illegal . 
  if she was not born on the island of ireland , you 're out of luck . 
  she would need to have an irish birth certificate/passport . 
  nothing at all . 
  we keep out heads down and hope we 're insignificant and inoffensive enough to be ignored . 
  the clocks change twice a year . 
  if you were here between the last sunday of march and the last sunday of october , you may not have noticed the one hour change backwards and forwards . 
  all countries in europe use daylight savings except russia ( since 3 years ago ) , turkey , iceland and belarus . 
  do any european countries even use it ? 
  i do n't think they do , do they ? 
  yes . 
  we do . 
  sure , all football teams these days are brands , whether they 're owned by russians or arabs or redbull . 
  same difference . 
  they buy and sell their players . 
  the world is about to end . 
  all friesian cows must return to their ancestral homeland , effective immediately . 
  yeah , they 're tortilla wraps but if you 're using them to wrap up normal sandwichy type ingredients for lunch , you 've made a wrap . 
  plus , if you buy the ready made in the fridge in a supermarket , they 're labelled as wraps . 
  tortilla is to wrap as bread is to sandwich . 
  i agree . 
  robert sounds much better . 
  according to some irish pet insurance company , for dogs : 1 molly 2 charlie 3 ruby 4 bella 5 alfie 6 max 7 bailey ( unisex name ) 8 buddy 9 coco ( unisex ) my dog was called bruno . 
  he was the best , cutest , nicest , smartest dog ever . 
  also the best dog 's name . 
  lots of people call their dog a random cool name though . 
  it 's not like naming a child , you can go all out . 
  forgot about cats , cos cats are anti social assholes : kitty tiger fluffy ginger lucky tigger charlie shadow molly coco, 
   they have some form of celtic culture , but the amount of people who speak scots gaelic or irish gaelic is minuscule . 
  really ? 
  what is that percentage ? 
  how is this miniscule on a cultural level ? 
  have you personally experienced the irish language ? 
  also , there is more to celtic culture than the language . 
  what about the various sports , music and other traditions . 
  although the celtic union is a reddit thing , of scotland were to leave , there would most definitely be a close alliance between ireland and scotland politically . 
  if they were to rejoin the eu , for instance , as close members of similar sized countries geographically close to each other , we could support our common interests together within the eu . 
  this is if z scotland were to go with eu membership as opposed to efta membership . 
  with efta membership , we would still support them . 
  ireland says `` yes '' to scottish independence and or eu/efta membership . 
  whatever scotland so decides is in her own best interests . 
  fo sooooo long i have wondered what this sub 's obsession with the british special forces was . 
  yes , they were incredibly mistreated . 
  painfully brilliant movie !, 
  is yours a tri-colour too ? 
  ours is called the tricolour aswell . 
  the wall falling is one of my earliest memories . 
  i knew it was a good thing for the east but only in that childhood way that `` a good thing has happened and it 's good because all the people are happy '' . 
  i remember it being on tv and seeing pictures of it . 
  i imagine it was played all year for me to have that memory at that age . 
  people were delighted . 
  i do n't think people were fooled by soviet propaganda but because it was behind a literal iron curtain , people did n't exactly know what was going on . 
  there were many defectors that told their stories and there was the jfk speech , so i suppose people had an idea of what was going on . 
  so , yeah , if anything , i think most people thought things were really bad in the ussr . 
  my mother had friends who were very active with getting children to ireland from romania , but this may have started after the wall fell , and they told horror stories about conditions there . 
  the children were always very dysfunctional , to begin with , anyway . 
  people were delighted that the ussr fell . 
  i think gorbachov ( sp ) was viewed favourably . 
  as for perceiving life behind the iron curtain , i learned about it after the fact through school history and documentaries and all that kinda stuff . 
  i never really found out but learned about it so i do n't really ahve a definitive answer . 
  two of my favourite movies about the topic are das leben der anderen and goodbye lenin . 
  there was another german mini series i watched recently which was goodish , very dramatic and unrealistic though . 
  you can find it easily if you want it but it is n't popular . 
  that 's right . 
  think of miffy before knobbing that crazy chic . 
  yeah , we have one in our house . 
  consequences . 
  beware of the post fun period . 
  that 's when your bunny gets boiled and your brakes mysteriously fail at traffic lights . 
  not wales . 
  the welsh know why . 
   they better love kebabs and anal sex if they do n't vote properly . 
  plenty of dutch people do . 
  the normans were not the worst mercenaries the english sent .
