  80 % in ireland voted against him too . 
   in this light , germany is exporting unemployment , particularly to peripheral euro area countries . 
  what ? 
  yeah . 
  raised \u00fcber catholic though . 
  mmmmmmm . 
  ... yeah . 
  i do n't want to break your spirits altogether ... but about that one too ... 
  maybe he 'll get a heart attack . 
  all hope is n't lost . 
  or ... he could choke on a roasted chestnut . 
  you never know , fingers crossed , eh ? 
  what are they gon na do ? 
  what can europe do ? 
  turkey are n't members of the eu or council of europe . 
  erdogen , the fucker , has just made himself dictator . 
  it seems to be so . 
  there 's nothing that can be done . 
  not outside of turkey anyway . 
  this guy has it all wrapped up . 
  the cunt . 
  to your facebook friends . 
  one of them is bound to be able to change the course of events erdogan has set in motion . 
  looks like dutch architecture . 
  yes , but it started the chain of events that led to independence . 
  without frongach , the training and spread of the successful tactics would not have occurred . 
  duck you . . ducking imperialist brit . 
  duck you . 
  well , it was the start of the successful guerrilla warfare . 
  the executions evoked public international sympathy and outrage and the internment at frongach , nicknamed the university of revolution , enabled all of the volunteers from the revolution to be schooled in guerilla warfare and revolutionary thinking . 
  two years later , when the majority were released , the successful war began , based on the ideology of 1916 and using the guerilla tactics they had a chance to study in detail at frongach . 
  and then the text goes on to make contradictory definitions of what freedom is , although it does n't really have any bearing on the actual concept of freedom . 
  i fail to see how that is a cultural trait . 
  it 's definitely no definition of freedom . 
  the author is confused about rights and choices . 
  what about ruth davidson ? 
  freedom ? 
  comfortable with risk ? 
  maybe you 're right . 
  i would be more inclined to believe they 're not optimistic , but easily manipulated , particularly by fear . 
  they 're not comfortable with risk , but many times they do n't have any options . 
  and freedom , well ... 
  one head . 
  american cultural traits as per article . 
  . . 1 . optimistic 2 . individualistic 3 . money focused 4 . hard working 5 . comfortable with risk 6 . polite/consumer friendly 7 . open 8 . freedom sure . 
  yeah , where is our cultural trait of freedom ? 
  no escape from reality, 
  i think he looks mildly amused . 
  it 's his hairstyle that bothers me . 
  i ca n't decide if it 's styled like a wig , a wig , or the dude just has an incredibly low forehead . 
  is this just fantasy ? 
  you 're right . 
  i guess i was just brainwashed by the liberal media agenda and the words marie le pen says . 
  yeah , and if we judge le pen solely on her own actions recently , take aways her father , she 's a white supremacist , nazi sympathiser . 
  she 's not hiding it . 
  happy chreaster / eastmas ? 
  everyone in le pen 's inner circle have longtime links to nazi sympathisers . 
  she 's clearly a nazi sympathiser herself . 
  some of the men may just be implicated as gay ... good way to get someone you do n't like locked up , political opponents or whoever . 
  look , i 'm not there . 
  i have n't seen it with my own eyes . 
  it may be some elaborate hoax or media conspiracy , but for the moment i tend to believe that gay men , or men who are implicated as being gay , are in danger in chechnya right now and are being interned . 
  the bizarre official line from the chechen leader not make you think that something might be up ? 
  like ... `` how could there be gay people because no-one is gay and if they were their families would have , ahem , ` sorted them out ' already !! '' ... ? 
  nothing suspicious going on there ? 
  they 're trying to evacuate men who are gay or bisexual , or men who are perceived gay !, 
  the money will be forwarded to the lgbt network . 
  all raised funds will go to help pay for the cost of travel , food and accommodation for chechen men at risk '', 
  he actually told his constituents to get their forms from him . 
  good idea . 
  fair play finland . 
  this is what happens to me when i have to make a decision that 's not about dinner ... [ when i forget ma limitz ] ( https://www.google.ie/url?sa=t&amp;source=web&amp;rct=j&amp;url=https://www.youtube.com/watch%3fv%3dls37snyjg8w&amp;ved=0ahukewiniu_huabtahuijcakhzyodaqq3ywigjaa&amp;usg=afqjcngdknjqn-zlgobvgpikwwlrtuzdsq&amp;sig2=yjfmjeec0cc3mpcxujxykg ), 
  shit . 
  you actually led me to believe he said that . 
  kinda puts into context how empty his words are . 
  regardless of how likeable he is as a pope , and sure , he 's my favourite one yet , the cynic in me always sees him as simply a damage controlling pr guy . 
  the church are saying different things in ireland . 
  hope it 's true . 
  exact same in ireland . 
  you have just described the good friday tradition in ireland . 
  shocking . 
  i am truly shocked . 
  marie le pen is the absolute last person i would have expected to follow white supremacists . 
  it appears to suggest that educated women justify their drinking and have a drink anyway . 
  drinking while pregnant really damages the fetus . 
  in my opinion , it is less selfish to not have a child you do n't want and are not prepared to look after . 
  if you 're not looking after it at that point , you 're more than likely too selfish to make a good parent . 
  it is less selfish not to bring a child into the world that to have a child that is literally damaged before it is born . 
  alcohol is a substance that causes huge damage , as it passes through the blood and placenta immediately . 
  woman . 
  vehemently support abortion . 
  i googled armenia and it said `` country in asia '' , so ... 
   it seems like a paradox that older and more highly educated women were more likely to drink during pregnancy , which also confirms prior research on the topic . 
  interesting . 
  drinking when pregnant though . 
  yup . 
  [ state info ] ( http://www.education.ie/en/schools-colleges/information/diversity-of-patronage/ ) 96 % of primary schools are under religious auspices , ~ 91 % catholic church . 
  but ... why ? 
  why does ireland have a gun ? 
  that 's reserved for the north .
