  i believe it was common in cro magnon along with things like o negative blood . 
  dysgenics in operation . 
  dumb people are having kids irresponsibly , responsible people are too poor and not having any . 
  i also thought red hair was associated with cro magnon . 
  yes , it is a germanic language . 
  well , that answers my question !, 
  thank you !, 
  yeah , i had heard they won loads of special forces awards at the special forces games i 'm not doubting that they 're a highly trained and skilled elite force , i just wondered how often they are actually used . 
  it 's probably a secret though !, 
  unless they also help to put the sand bags out when it 's going to flood ... ? 
  but giggsy664 showed some examples so they obviously are . 
  what are our special forces for ? 
  do they go anywhere ? 
  apart from when they hijack a passanger ferry , that is . 
  except you could say farting when you were 6 and think you were funny . 
  i was sorta traumatised by the ending of that . 
  did n't they turn farthing woods into a golf course or build on it and all the animals ended up homeless and probably gon na be killed by the bulldozers ? 
  not to worry . 
  just take a break , visit another sub for a while !, 
  was it because the source was a dailymail type of source ? 
  that one about the swedish court ruling the underage arranged marriage to her first cousin was okay as it cultural was removed ? 
  why ? 
  i can understand how the second post was removed ... from a mod pov it 's pretty aggro ... but i do n't get the swedish one being removed at all ,, 
  well , they should just foxtrot oscar with their failed and harmful programme instead of trying to expand it . 
  pulling the plug would cause problems for who exactly ? 
  it would just be one less way for criminal gangs to have a monopoly on making money from it . 
  they register as 14/15 year olds . 
  stricter action for what ? 
  why ? 
  people are addicted to heroin all over the world . 
  making it stricter just means more criminality , not less . 
  i think it should be legalised , then it 's not going to be criminal and pushed into the hands of those in the seedy underworld . 
  drugs are always going to be moved however they can get away with it . 
  it 's coming from afghanistan ... it 's more than likely going through russia as well . 
  and i 'm sure planes are being used too . 
  block the balkan route and a hundred other ways will be found . 
  it 's got a lot of building space for those 15-30 people . 
  i thought this was just a hysterical click bait headline ... and it is ... but they have actually approved of a minor getting pregnant in an arranged marriage to her first cousin as ` cultural ' !, 
  what is the legal age of marriage for swedes ? 
  18 , i assume !, 
  is it legal to marry your cousin under swedish law ? 
  yes , it 's similar to american mountain lions , except it spends frivolously on credit . 
  ikr , you almost need to crane your neck to look over it . 
  yeah , right background . 
  ireland 's tallest skyscraper . 
  we 're very proud of the engineering that went into that big boy . 
  majestic , is n't it ? 
  bargain for chelsea . 
  nights spent by the population in tourist accommodation or the amount of nights tourists spend in that country in tourist accommodation ? 
  is it describing how many people go on holidays or how many people come and stay on holidays ? 
  yeah , in hindsight that does n't look so good . 
  i mean the `` kstch '' sound that goes before a cheeky `` yah , course ! '', 
  also , doing this while driving . 
  not my most responsible of behaviours . 
  yeah , it definitely is . 
  it 's counted as an export . 
  as they ca n't domestically met demand . 
  they 're beautiful . . 
  they really brighten boring lives up all over europe . 
  we ca n't thank the dutch enough . 
  yeah . 
  net imports exceed net exports . 
  that is a problem . 
  no wonder everyone thinks i 'm a flying cunt when i text . 
  there 's no tone , they ca n't hear the ~ ~ `` kkk '' ~ ~ `` tsk '' in my `` yeah ! '', 
  edit : woops , accidentally extremely offensive . 
  it 's an unproductive island that has historically resourced itself from its colonies . 
  currency has little to do with it since they do n't export enough . 
  it probably helps with their imports . 
  how ? 
  they have a net deficit of exports . 
  they 're just screwed really . 
  plus all those flowers they use as an excuse to ferry the drugs around europe in 24 hours . 
  yeah , the eu really screwed them over . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  i 'm not in charge of dividing up the continents . 
  i simply stated a fact , a small part of turkey is in europe . 
  but in turkey asia starts [ east of the bosphorus . 
  ] ( https://www.google.ie/search?q=east:of+the+bosphorus+asia+turkey&amp;client=tablet-android-samsung&amp;source=lnms&amp;prmd=imnv&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewih4ue875hsahwqamakhc5kbc4q_auibygb&amp;biw=962&amp;bih=601#imgrc=e985c6hsij2oom: ), 
  not a very comprehensive chart . 
  east of the bosphorus is asia in turkey . 
  continents are n't demarked by drawing lines , so that does n't make sense . 
  a small part of turkey is in europe ... anything east of the bosphorus is asia . 
  well , i think it rotated in the original concept . 
  problem now is that those who seek power want that , power . 
  their aim is n't to represent anyone , it 's just for their own gain . 
  yeah , it 's definitely a flaw of democracy , but if governments wanted to they could make corruption harder . 
  but those governments probably do n't want to make corruption harder , since they 're corrupt themselves . 
  people being represented by people they chose to represent them . 
  yup . 
  so it 's not really a democracy . 
  it 's just the elite ruling as they wish . 
  fuck everyone else . 
  democracy is n't working cos it is n't true democracy . 
  aaand , there 's way too much fucking corruption , which is n't democratic at all . 
  he 's just a patriotic old eccentric . 
  what did the crying norwegian girl say ? 
  sue , if you 're a tory cunt face . 
  honestly , i found it kinda sad . 
  it 's pretty much a description of emigration and kinda ignores the reality that not everyone gets to return home to raise their kids .
