  not being a dick , just pointing out that the u.s is far from democratic these days . 
  as a country , you have displayed that you are no longer a democratic country , so that 's why you deserve it . 
  if only the united states were democratic . 
  the british empire was not `` the same as everyone else '' . 
  the british empire was a brutal demon force . 
  that article only touches on the surface of what the british responsible all over the world . 
  that 's the line she is taking but because of the litany of evidence against her , it 's backfiring a lot . 
  the longer she stays , the more damage she does to the dup . 
  the dup probably will make her step down as leader and appoint someone else . 
  we just have to wait and see . 
  while someone is under investigation for corruption in government , the correct procedure is to step aside . 
  that 's normal . 
  thats normal in any job . 
  when a doctor or teacher is under investigation , they step aside until cleared . 
  digging your heels in when the evidence of your corruption came from your own party is not the normal response . 
  i do n't know if you noticed , but this actually caused the collapse in government because it is such a scandalous thing . 
  arlene staying only damages the dup more , whilst giving more credence to sinn f\u00e9in , ironically enough . 
  she is still under investigation . 
  a leader who is under investigation for corruption and refused to step aside is even more corrupt . 
  if she stays , she may be personally responsible for not one but two elections , if sinn f\u00e9in and dup ca n't form an alliance because of her . 
  imagine what would happen if she is responsible for another direct rule from westminster during the current brexit/border political climate ? 
  she is doing the best possible job to alienate her own voters . 
  an ultimatum ? 
  she is under investigation for corruption . 
  they asked that she step down whilst being investigated , she refused because she is corrupt . 
  she is responsible for all this . 
  it 's not an ultimatum , it 's a matter of a corrupt leader refusing to step aside . 
  sinn f\u00e9in actually have the moral high ground here . 
  the longer she stays in power , the better it looks for sinn f\u00e9in . 
  she may be responsible for another election in 3 weeks because she is too stubborn and corrupt to step aside and let someone else lewd the dup . 
  there is an investigation into arlene 's involvement into the corrupt cash for ash scheme , which she , personally , changed and implemented . 
  they wo n't go into government with her so she is being investigated for corruption and refused to step down . 
  this is the reason an election was called . 
   on the image , you can also see lewis and harris , skye , and isle of man beside many other islands of ~ ~ the british isles . ~ ~ britain and ireland . 
  ftfy, 
  well , dup are not doing themselves any favours in terms of their public image . 
  if anything , sinn f\u00e9in are benefiting , so , that would be a likely prediction , although a large proportion of the population still voted tribally and for the dup , so you never know really . 
  well , the longer she stays in charge of the dup , the better it looks for sinn f\u00e9in . 
  except sinn f\u00e9in wo n't sit with the dup as long as arlene is their leader and arlene is still their leader . 
  if arlene refuses to step down there could be another election in 3 weeks . 
  yeah , sentimentality about the achievements of the empire definitely fuelled a desire to leave the eu and triggered brexit . 
  where 's that pedantic bot ? 
  two wrongs do n't make a right . 
  wonder where the clangers , the indian population in burma , named for the noise they made as they moved in chains , came from then . 
  wow . 
  this is owning people , their land and their resources , not beating someone in a tournament . 
  the british empire was a particularly ruthless and ferocious empire . 
  they took everything , enslaved the natives and gave nothing back . 
  there is nothing to be proud of . 
  it was glorified stealing and oppression of people 's who were not the british elite . 
  what they did in burma , cromwell 's expeditions and genocides , there 's too much to choose from . 
  they could add the irish famine there too . 
  oh , look , baby fluff monster who looks like baby sheepses . 
  how adorable . 
  who is to say scotland would have managed to avoid such a deficit without absolute budgetary control ? 
  they were net contributors for 30 years prior to 2014 , so arguably they could have redistributed their own net contributions i to their own economy and prevented over dependence on future earnings , like how norway has managed . 
  if the uk can argue that they do n't owe the eu , then scotland can make similar arguments . 
  scotland 's deficit was created whilst under the rule of westminster . 
  seeing as only part of their taxing powers have recently devolved , scotland may not be responsible in accruing such a deficit . 
  also , those two universities with that reputation only really has a reputation as a finishing school for public school children . 
  little tories in the production line to maintain a very english status quo . 
  they 're rated by tradition , not by research , development and academic output . 
  scottish universities have a much better reputation for this . 
  the english system of education and university education in general lacks in comparison to scotland 's . 
  it 's more to do with not wanting to be flooded by english students . 
  scotland wants eu students , they get eu funding for them . 
  scotland wants to stay in the eu . 
  yep . 
  i 'm totally pissed off the irish government allowed it . 
  it was some deal bertie wheeled and probably received a kickback for . 
  it is against ireland 's policy of neutrality and all the yanks have to do is fly to some of their legitimate air force bases in the uk to refuel without too much trouble !, 
  devolved but they still do n't have autonomy . 
  even if they do have a deficit to begin with , which is debatable whether or not scotland would be responsible for the deficit , it would be a short term problem an independent scotland can work on reforming . 
  i did n't leave out any other universities , those are basically the only two universities with any sort of reputation and the rest , arguably all , have different standards and expectations than the rest for the eu . 
  all of those universities will soon lose all eu funding . 
  eu students will have to pay different fees than they were used to and will probably choose alternatives in eu countries . 
   some unionists are thought to have voted remain tactically to avoid a second independence referendum exactly . 
  unionists understood that leaving the eu would rally support for independence . 
  that 's another reason for independence . 
  loans taken out by english students go to loan companies . 
  scotland does n't want too many english students , so it made it harder for them to study in scotland , whilst showing and alliance go eu , i.e. 
  letting eu students have free fees too . 
  they 'll lose a lot of eu funding in education grants if they leave the eu . 
  scotland can not manage their own taxation autonomously . 
  oxford and cambridge are two universities . 
  scotland has a better tradition of education in general and their standard of education is higher then in england and wales , so they are more than happy to give free fees to other eu students , but not to the uk . 
  they do n't wish to be flooded by students from england . 
  the results of the 2014 referendum was under very different circumstances . 
  the reason the scots are so fucking pissed off is because a lot of people voted to remain in the uk over fear mongering that they would n't be part of the eu if they left and ensuring staying in the uk would mean they could remain in the eu . 
  this is even more of a reason may and the actions from westminster are pushing more moderates who were previously more inclined to be unionists towards the snp and scottish independence . 
  after promising to remain with them to remain in the uk , they then allowed a vote on europe and despite scotland voting to remain , are pulling them out of the eu . 
  a lot has changed in 3 years . 
  opinion polls show consistent rise in support for independence and recent events , such as may patronising and lying to the scots and being accused of racism by labour , people on the uniomist side who were leaning more towards the centre and being pushed into supporting scottish indeoendece ... i have not seen a current poll but i do know that polls have showed a consistent rise in support for scottish independence since the 2014 referendum . 
  seriously ? 
  you know they only do that fee for english and welsh students so they wo n't flood their universities . 
  they let irish students study for free , as well as other eu students . 
  the point of that was to encourage more learning in scotland for talented eu students over uk students , thus showing how pro eu scotland actually is . 
  they also have a higher standard of learning amd education and a huge engineering tradition , thus attracting many eu citizens as engineers in the aberdeen oil industry , as well as a world renowned tradition of producing historic civil engineers . 
  scotland knows it 's being shafted by the uk . 
  they know they can do better and make better decisions autonomously .
