  and now we get closer to the heart of these little hissy fits . 
  actually the grass is really nice . 
  i cut it yesterday , it was a gorgeous sunny day and last week the lawnmower was serviced and the blades sharpened . 
  so , fuck you fascist prick . 
  you 're also welcome to tea or coffee . 
  no cake and biscuits for you though , i do n't have any . 
  how has this ended up being posted in europe ? 
  you do n't know where i live !, 
  fucking fascists . 
  and then what happens ? 
  oh , i can do that without prompting . 
  do i bring a gift ? 
  that 'll be my import tradition . 
  right , so i guess i have to say `` congratulations op on your brother 's birthday '' . 
  i 'm disappointed there 's no weed in the traditional dutch birthday . 
  do dutch people even smoke weed ? 
  what ? 
  there are birthday rules in the netherlands ? 
  what are they ? 
  good for denmark . 
  we wo n't but the progress so far is a very , very positive sign . 
  i think the futures bright for norn irn . 
  interesting parallels . 
  i bet he 's in the closet himself . 
  that 's terrible . 
  northern ireland is definitely getting there . 
  it 's great to see . 
  should i not thank the austrians first then ? 
  anyhow , what flag is that you have ? 
  i thought hungarian but i realise i was being dyslexic with my colours . 
  he has just stepped out of the sauna to cool down . 
  they do n't really last very well though . 
  they need to be fresh . 
  what has erdogen done ? 
  i was gon na say that , but i was at traffic lights , so i had to stop short . 
  back in the day , someone in belgium , the netherlands or luxembourg saw this poster and a blue light bulb with stars around it popped into their head . 
  and here we are today . 
  * after the good friday agreement and years of working together in peace , sectarianism is receding and the people of ni are getting along as normal northern irelanders . 
  brexit is actually the catalyst that may push unionists to be okay with the idea of republicanism . 
  that 's brilliant, 
  needs age demographics to be accurate . 
  a website is not working . 
  that will stop all planes from taking off . 
  cavusoglu should bring them all back home to turkey . 
  no one can grasp the challenges of brexit . 
  no-one knows what they are yet . 
  they have suddenly gotten one hell of a surge in popularity , particulatory with younger demographics . 
  give them 10 more years and they might yet be in power down south , the way they 're going . 
  shit . 
  shows commitment . 
  why is she going to germany ? 
  she 's hardly planning another demonstration there ? 
  no , they never stole the potatoes . 
  they stole the land and all the other food that was growing on the land . 
  we have freezers now too . 
  so we can freeze our potatoes . 
   much of the # 392 million over the last funding period has gone on less successful projects . 
  for instance serco , one of the government 's favourite outsourcing companies , has received # 14.6 million for among other things ` raising awareness with both public and private sector procurement managers about the benefits of social enterprises in the supply chain ' . 
  some of the money has also gone into developing office space and industrial estates . 
  one development near me , hallenbeagle estates , has rebranded itself as the cornwall bio park , which sounds nice until you discover it is a rubbish dump where they plan to burn waste and at some point try and recycle some of the heat into energy . 
  the land has sat vacant for decades . 
  unsurprisingly , no one has seemed keen to take on the advertised office space next to a proposed rubbish dump . 
  this is despite hallenbeagle receiving # 4 million in eu funding . 
  eu give money to cornwall , cornwall squanders it , ergo that is not cornwall 's fault , it is the eu 's fault . 
  eu gives cornwall the funds and opportunity to create new industries , but they ca n't and do n't . 
  they waste it all . 
  again , eu fault . 
  in order to succeed , they must have no funding or interest , just want the fishing rights they have n't had since the seventies back , that will solve all problems . 
  [ link ] ( http://blogs.spectator.co.uk/2016/05/europhiles-shouldnt-be-surprised-that-cornwall-supports-brexit/ ) i 'm sure a few fishermen will be happy , at least for a short while . 
  no , not that grant . 
  cornwall never actually got that grant anyway , so it was taken and shoved up someone 's arse anyway . 
  no , they 'll continue to get all the grants cornwall wo n't get anymore . 
  they do n't endure any difficulty due to their geography . 
  they endure difficulty as they are not in charge of their land or country . 
  they are marginalised , a mere 5 million people in a ` country ' 65 million . 
  scotland has produced some of the finest engineers in history and has a strong tradition of education . 
  scotland will do well independently . 
  they 're doing everything right and in sequence this time around and with a lot more preparation . 
  they are biting at the bit . 
  they defnitely need more industry , however this wo n't be encouraged or expanded on whilst they 're part of the uk . 
  scotland have a fantastic potential to do well on their own . 
  although , they wo n't be on their own . 
  they will have the support of the eu . 
  i wish to see scotland thrive and believe that they can . 
  actually , i would use that analogy you used as the antidote as to why independence is good for scotland in relation to brexit . 
  england ( and wales ) were happy to throw scotland off a cliff and out of the eu to give themselves a black eye . 
  are you a friend of scotland ? 
  why do you want scotland to stay/leave ? 
  if they stay/leave , would you wish them to prosper or fail ? 
  the last english person i spoke to about this wanted scotland to leave and be gone and then for them to go down the shitter so they could laugh at them . 
  is this what you think too ? 
  if they leave , you want them to fail ? 
  so , their future economic plan will be that they are currently in debt ? 
  they plan to dig further into debt ? 
  when ( and if ) scotland gain independence , they 're going to totally rely solely on oil forever ? 
  wait , do they not even know they 're in debt ? 
  you should tell them . 
  you should tell westminster too . 
   uk hate glasses lol . 
  ok , dickbutts .
