  if that 's your narrow economic view , it must be so . 
  inform westminster and holyrood . 
   i do n't see how being sympathetic to wronged scots makes one hypocritical . 
  why , brexit logic , of course . 
  i do n't foresee an independent scotland pinning it 's economic plan on cottage industries . 
  that is not the definition of autonomy . 
  autonomy would mean not having to bother travelling to another country 's capital and try to make the needs of your marginalised population heard in someone else 's parliament . 
  a parliament which gives a country no control over their own budget . 
  you want them gone too . 
  you 'll be delighted when they go . 
  imagine , those 5 million people having nothing to do with westminster anymore . 
  it makes perfect sense , why should they ? 
   i personally think scotland will vote to remain . 
  well , current polls show they wo n't and this is without any referendum being announced or any campaigning being done for scottish independence . 
   secondly , i do n't think they will prosper but im no economist , no matter how much they ` prosper ' they will not be on our level . 
  clearly you 're not . 
  what is your level ? 
   maybe ni will reunify in x amount of years , but wales ? 
  ok . wales will probably stay . 
  they will remain with the uk and remain its poorest region , put it down to fatalistic attitudes and issues of co dependency . 
   you talk about a fictious future in scotland prospering , what if the rest of the uk prospers after brexit ? 
  i guess we 'll both just have to sit back and see what happens . 
  also fictitious . 
  if the uk prospers after brexit , they wo n't be sharing that prosperity with scotland . 
  mainly just ruling them and denying them autonomy and the right to make decisions for themselves . 
  but you will be bothered if they prosper and brexit runs the rest of the remnants of the uk into the shitter . 
  so , can corporations based in the netherlands use a lower tax rate through that scheme ? 
  but you want to say good riddance to them . 
  let them go . 
  they can do what they like with their country . 
  ah , that 's very interesting . 
  i never knew that 's how they did it . 
  so their tax avoidance scheme , is it only for personal wealth ? 
  that is true , however we all want this to happen . 
  me for scotland , so they can thrive and rule over themselves . 
  you for other reasons . 
  so let 's hope for the best . 
  the polls are currently at 50 % for independence and that is up from 48 % last week , so with the way things are going and the lessons people have learned from brexit , trump , the first scottish referendum for independence and the assurances they have recently received from the eu about their membership , things are looking very good for the independece movement . 
  chances are you 're going to be saying goodbye to scotland soon , does n't that make you happy ? 
  yes , but attaturk foresaw and tried to establish a new , secular state and thus it was not a direct ancestor , it was an attempt to establish something else . 
  poor man must be spinning in his grave today . 
  what 's the story with the netherland 's tax avoidance system ... is that only for private individuals and all corporations are charged the 25 to 30 % tax rate ? 
  scotland more than likely will leave , so , you 'll probably get your wish relatively soon . 
  mustafa kemal attat\u00fcrk , man . 
  when the grant has been awarded , it 's not up to westminster to then decide it was a waste of money . 
  why does no one see this as they were awarded a grant for their language and now it is not being given to them . 
  do all your tallies on how many votes the tories received and what percentage of people voted in teresa may as prime minister and i think you 'll find your calculations are worthless . 
  maybe this guy is actually one of the few sensible people in cornwall who see the wood from the trees . 
  few in cornwall realised they would lose their eu grants and assumed westminster would replace , even after grants like this have been unceremoniously revoked . 
  cornwall are fucked now , with brexit . 
  in pipes and cigarettes . 
  what is the reason for belgium being so non compliant ? 
  and of course , the stuff people are finding and keeping . 
  they wo n't be the same as those other countries though . 
  they 'll be outside that group of countries you named too . 
  because in wales more welsh have to go to england for jobs . 
  brexit has explicitly said it will not join the countries of the eea . 
  so , no , not joining switzerland , iceland and norway . 
  those are all eea countries . 
  send out positive energy ** against ** the scottish and irish nationalists ? 
  never !, 
  there 's a ` sixth form ' in the french system of education ? 
  another nice coincidence is the fact that where they stopped and frisked the gentleman happened to have republican graffiti directly above the man 's head height . 
  that 's got ta be a set up . 
  they did n't just walk around on the streets with machine guns frisking people . 
  hello hard border to the north . 
  just places checkpoints on all the roads , i guess . 
  i do n't really know what to expect a hard border to look like . 
  cool . 
  sounds like a good plan . 
  i 'm sure his cousin or his aunt , or whoever she is , will march him down to wherever he needs to go . 
  i doubt they 'll want him making a comfortable spot on their couch . 
  because he has never lived there ? 
  i do n't know . 
  wanted to make sure . 
  i 'm assuming he is , he 'll probably will do okay in the netherlands then . 
  he 'll get his own place and live on welfare . 
  he might get the right bi-polar meds and end up enjoying it . 
  yeah , i know . 
  there were many holes in the positive vibe of what rte are spinning today . 
  the problem is , people do n't want a fucking hard border . 
  last time there was a hard border , not only was it a massive pain in the ass with long queues etc , but there were also soldiers with fucking machine guns . 
  i do n't really see a way around having a hard border , tbh , but i suppose all we can do is wait and see how it pans out and how they work it . 
  i think , in essence , it 's quite a fair way of sharing a problem within the eu . 
  the problem is that no-one actually wants the problem . 
  if all syrians want to go to sweden , for example , everyone else is suddenly looking in the opposite direction . . not many have an interest in sharing the problem and the problems that come with the problem . 
  no-one wants the refugees . 
  they do n't have the best reputation . 
  is he entitled to social welfare in the netherlands ? 
  there was a piece today on irish national radio and the news on the border between norway and sweden and how it works . 
  it was a very positive piece about how efficiently the border works there and how both sweden and norway have access to each other 's custom systems and how the officers all work together on the same radio system and it 's all fine and happy etc. . based on this , i predict the irish and northern irish governments are planning on developing a custom border control system based on the swedish/norwegian model . 
  sounds like a very easy way to smuggle goods from uk to ireland and vice versa . 
  it will be nice when the people of northern ireland want it united . 
  when ( and if ) northern ireland decides it wants to unite with ireland , the people of ireland will welcome them with open arms and economically try to help the region prosper . 
  however , it is the decision of the people of northern ireland and only theirs . 
  desperate for riches . 
  not really much of an excuse . 
  i really hope they catch whoever did this . 
  and i hope when they catch them they make n example out of them . 
  if it was n't for france , you would n't have been democratic .
