  or live on an island . 
  yes , we have loads of them . 
  they 're not real though . 
  i see the point , only because , for some reason , if i do n't day the czech republic ( which is still the correct term in my mind ) i instinctively lengthen it to czecheslovakia . 
  i 'm still calling it the czech republic though , not that anyone would ever care . 
  our police are the laziest law unto themselves you 'll ever come across . 
  the garda commissioner , the lovely n\u00f3ir\u00edn , lies directly to the government about her forces continued scandals . 
  probably had sips and tastes from as young as 8 or 9 ... got drunk for the first time at 15 or 16 . 
  we have a wee bit of resentment for the auld 800 years of british occupation , plantations and oppression and we still have a small bit of division in 6 of the 9 counties of ulster . 
  yes . 
  well , no , cos i 'm from west galway , so i grew up bilingually . 
  i like explaining to english people that i went to school in irish and , yes , it is actually a language and , yes , people do speak it and are not illiterate farm people with three ears and eleven toes . 
  yes , you 're right ... and rightly so . 
  that 's just a bit annoying and just lets you knew the person knows very little about ireland . 
  when people asked me when i lived in england `` are you from northern ireland or southern ireland ? '', 
  i always said `` no . 
  i 'm from the west . '', 
  ( innocent , polite smile \u263a ), 
  call us british , say things that suggests that british rule in ireland was somehow benevolent or beneficial . 
  although , i do n't think this would cause a fist fight , but people would be genuinely offended and angry at an uneducated analysis of our history . 
  irish people tend to know our history very well . 
  eh ... between ` t ' and ` th ' at the beginning ... so ` tee-shuck ' . 
  it means leader in irish . 
  no sane person can do anything but hate him . 
  his actions reflect perfectly his facade . 
  little prick . 
  it is a super cool word . 
  he 's a devious , power hungry , conservative little fucker . 
  he even looks like he 's constantly enjoying the smell of his own farts . 
  speak for yourself . 
  i like to refer to enda kenny as a schnake cunt to whoever will listen . 
  he 's a schnakey little cunt , ye know ? 
  i suppose , in all honesty , i probably would say `` jesus fucking christ ! '' . . 
  and then `` fucking dick '' , and then roll my eyes and put the handbrake on . 
  but it 's not really an insult , just a kinda exclamation of frustration at another person 's cunty inattentiveness that has just cost me 3 and a half minutes of unnecessary waiting . 
  i must admit , i have a real problem with the older demographic of drivers and in moments of frustration at their inability to follow the rules of the road at the slowest possible speed , i have suggested euthanasia from the safety of my car . 
  i do n't * really * mean it . 
  they should just be disqualified from driving in their 70th year . 
  maybe earlier . 
  they do though , they can just be referred to as `` head of government '' ... for example `` chancellor merkel ( as a title ) , the german head of government , has today visited something something and shook hands with someone someone . '', 
  like `` ah , jeeeezus chrisssst ! '', 
  for anything mildly annoying ? 
  like some fucker who was slow to take off at a green light , so they get through but no-one else does ? 
  why is the head of irish government called an taoiseach instead of prime minister ? 
  because different countries call their head of government different things . 
  fucked if i know . 
  it 's all gobbledegook to me . 
  send them an email , see if they can respond in ukrainian or english or find someone who can do it for you in russian . 
  i simply located a retailer of the requested putin mask . 
  that 's the best i can do . 
  http://maskashop.com.ua/ this shop has em , but it 's entirely in russian ... so ... good luck , i guess . 
  yeah , they were pulling a fast one calling that putin . 
  good luck finding one . 
  this does n't look much like putin to me , but they 're advertising it as him . 
  i wonder if citizens from different locals taste different . 
  what do they taste like ? 
  itt : bullying americans denying americans bully . 
  blue eyes is pretty much the norm . 
  most people have dark hair but naturally blonde hair is nothing out of the ordinary . 
  dyed blonde hair is pretty darn common . 
   also , scotch-irish folks made up the klan . 
  and the orange order . 
  they like that sorta thing . 
  excellent . 
  i did get a reply from the office of my local td too . 
  i think it 's great we 're all getting hot under the collar and actually doing shit . 
  it 's at least given me an insight into how to go about it and the fact that we are proportionally represented and this is how we go about getting our proportional representation . 
  yeah , it 's more like ... despite their catholicism . 
  ah , they 'll learn . 
  great lads nonetheless . 
  but so are all the eastern europeans . 
  great lads, 
  i think it 's poland . 
  not cos of catholicism , just cos they 're grand old people , there are so many poles and everyone gets along fine . 
  in saying that though , anyone from other eastern european countries get along just fine too . 
  they do n't like dags though , they abuse and mistreat them and use them to fight . 
  they steal other people 's dags either for ransom or to use for their dags to get a taste of blood . 
  they are the biggest mistreaters of animals you will ever come across . 
  their abuse of horses is so visible and no-one does anything about it . 
  the triangle looks like a soda farl or a potato farl , the circular slice next to the black pudding is a slice of white pudding . 
  sunday fry up ... looks like [ this ] ( https://www.google.ie/search?q=irish:fry+up&amp;client=tablet-android-samsung&amp;source=android-browser&amp;prmd=imvn&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewj0mqjjolxtahwhisakhcijd3eq_auibygb&amp;biw=962&amp;bih=601#imgrc=-dbv-ekeuhkeom: ) i do n't normally eat breakfast but on a sunday i 'll just take a sausage on toast , put ketchup in it . 
  i could never eat an entire fry up . 
  because arabs have been displaced by many years of foreign countries bombing the shit out of them , destroying their countries , killing their relatived and chances of education and this has allowed saudi sponsored wahibism to spread to an angry and destroyed populace . 
  turks are not arabs , nor have they been displaced or had their society distroyed by war . 
  nor has wahibism taken root in turkey , to the best of my knowledge , anyway . 
  i 've been sending a few emails on certain issues lately . 
  i do n't get a response , but the emails are there and they 're easy to find . 
  i only email on things that are big national issues , like in support proposed drug policy and the new national maternity hospital being handed over to the nuns . 
  so , if i were to get in touch with an mp about a local or personal issue , it would be the same process . 
  or i could literally call or visit their local office . 
  why would turks commit terror attacks ? 
  nope . 
  not one . 
  they have our slang and curses . 
  they just speak with the most amusing accented irish accents ... well , it ranges from almost perfect local accents with a hint of polish to some guys i know , one of whose wife works with me and has a perfect accent , who speaks a few words of english and just uses gifts of his homemade wine to bond . 
  i know a russian lady who is married to a guy i know in west galway and she speaks really good irish , but russian . 
  i can only call it amusing . 
  i have judged you . 
  you have been judged . 
  yes !!!,
