  fantastic , how to bully little kids and make them feel like shit on camera . 
  after much confusion , i finally understand what you 're saying . 
  when i looked at the photo i saw a very fit and in shape lady in her fifties . 
  i added sexy for effect . 
  i thought he was a sexy lady . 
  no , i know . 
  sounds like it 's against a ton of laws and human rights and all that . 
  i very much doubt they would . 
  i just thought those two were discussing turkish citizenship , in particular . 
  it does sound like something wilders would perhaps broach though . 
  i think they 're specifically talking about turkish nationality . 
  is anyone considering doing this ? 
  and it begins . 
  good times ahead . 
  well done erdogan . 
  things are really going to get better for turks in the netherlands now . 
  no , it 's not contraception . 
  i was just comparing backward catholic influences with the itals . 
   the blame lies entirely with them gifting sturgeon this situation . 
  and sturgeon is literally doing everything by the book . 
   ca n't wait for the scottish euros !, 
  unicorn two euro coins !, 
  no drugs ? 
  i think it 's the same principle . 
  people who want eu passports after brexit applied for irish passports if they could . 
  if people can apply for scottish citizenship and get eu passports as well as uk passports , why would n't they ? 
  that 's what brits with irish connections are doing . 
  anyone with an irish grandparent can apply for an irish passport and uk citizens who can get it are going for it . 
  they do , if they 're registered in scotland . 
  project fear 2.0 . 
  and a fluffy cocker spaniel sticking his head out the side . 
  i want it . 
  maybe that 's what 's wrong with them . 
  a little affection from man 's best friend may warm the cockles of their hearts . 
  that convertible beetle is fucking cool . 
  aw , that 's really sweet of him . 
  dogs are definitely the best creatures , so friendly and loyal . 
  that 's nice that he has started to compliment us . 
  scotland can do it independently . 
  she has stated that is her opinion . 
  that scotland 's best economic path is autonomy and with europe . 
  watch the fucking thing , she 's answering all these questions right now . 
  as nicola literally just said , it is up to the scottish people . 
  she also wants facts an information and does n't want any project fear campaigns and a positive debate about scotland within scotland using facts . 
  she has compared it to the lies of eu leave campaign and the project fear campaign . 
  she does . 
  she 's absolutely brilliant . 
  she 's pragmatic . 
  she is an amazing orator . 
  she does n't lie and she is as tough as fucking nails . 
  she 's freeing scotland . 
  she just announced it ... 
  autumn 2018 to spring 2019 ... 
  in the words of william wallace ... 
  freeeeeeeeeedom !!!, 
  she is truly fanfuckingtastic . 
  a true leader standing up for the interests of scotland . 
  she is brilliant . 
  as a protest against the netherlands ( because they 're orange ) someone from turkey ( i do n't know who , have n't seen it ) cut up an orange on tv and ate it . 
  take that dutchies !, 
  oh , right , i guess that statistic was probably `` highest teen pregnancy in teh eu ' before bulgaria et al joined . 
  anyway , they have wonderful access to contraception and still very high teen pregnancy rates . 
  it 's more of a cultural thing . 
  no shit sherlock . 
  we still do n't even have abortion so i can stick that in my pipe and smoke it . 
  we will work on this together . 
  although i 'm pleased turkey have such good access . 
  sad for italy , but your pharmacies and doctors are great . 
  uk too . 
  highest rates of teen pregnancy . 
  is a condom deemed as a ` modern contraceptive ' though ? 
  they may just be referring to stuff like the implant , injections etc. 
  well , the morning after pill is considered a self administered hormonal contraception and that 's over the counter in many places . 
  usually for the pill they take your blood pressure and stuff . 
  it 's difficult to know which contraception this is actually referring to . 
  and turkey is green . 
  interesting . 
  you do n't have to see a gyno though , your gp prescribes the pill or even a nurse in some cases . 
  * nazi , fascist banana republic . 
  shit turkey , you 're a fucking idiot . 
  i would not count on that . 
  the news tonight , as enda had chosen to announce this in the us , was a bunch of interviews with americans talking about how they could n't wait to sign up and vote . 
  it is opening up the system to risk . 
  it will be abused at some point in the future . 
  anyway , as the saying goes , no representation without taxation . 
  he is such a weaseley little cunt . 
  people are protesting on the street for a referendum on abortion and he announces this shitshow of an excuse referendum to a bunch of americans in philadelphia . 
  yeah , stodge and meat . 
  i 've tried em both , plenty of times . 
  they suck . 
  their food seriously sucks . 
  probably even worse than german food . 
  it needs an eye . 
  why thank you . 
  i ca n't take credit for it myself , sword eagle is a beautiful bird native to the west of ireland . 
  maybe turks . 
  a what ? 
  more like spastic marionette puppets . 
  careful now , you 're sounding less and less like a fascist fuck . 
  can i have creative input ?
