  i could say a lot more about that , but i wo n't . 
  wales decided . 
  they 're not taking the north away from us , and the probably ca n't take the scots either . 
  they can sink alone . 
  we call ourselves ireland . 
  but i totally agree . 
  although , we may get to keep scotland too , which would be nice . 
  i suggest moving england and wales to the fault line , south of iceland at the same latitude to where they are now . 
  that way they 're closer to their american allies , just like they want it . 
  they might block the wind and rain for us too , which would be a nice change . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_isles_naming_dispute another wiki link . 
  it upsets us . 
  we would be very upset . 
  we would also be very upset if you considered ireland a `` british isle '' . 
  what did you do in cardiff ? 
  did you do this ? 
  but there are brits who say they can speak foreign languages . 
  well , there are loads of people who speak foreign languages or english as a second language , like farsi or polish or things like that . 
  so , that may be where the figure comes from . 
  but for native britons , i 'd say you 're definitely correct . 
  it 's perfect !, 
  we 'll take it !, 
  i just ca n't imagine that being right , for many reasons . 
  it seems way too low . 
  unless it 's based on a bit of an inferiority complex ... like `` i wonder if the * real * europeans on the continent think we 're actually europeans or just the silly , backward wannabes ? '' ... 
  maybe ... ? 
  ( do you guys think we 're proper europeans ? ), 
  it 's quite important for us as a nation for other people to know that . . `` i 'm not fucking british '' , and we have always , as a country , always , like , way back in the day , had allies on the continent ... we had strong spanish allies and trade links , the french were our allies . 
  more recently , in 1916 , our proclamation of independence refers to `` our gallant allies in europe '' referred to germany . 
  ( not to mention all the men in black who spoke fluent latin and spent many a long day back and forth to rome ! ), 
  we definitely do n't see ourselves as continentals , cos we 're not , but going on holidays to europe is no big deal , never was . 
  the ferry always went straight to france and spain . 
  since the 70s , everyone had to learn a european language in school , along with latin for a while then they scrapped latin as a compulsory subject and made a european language compulsory instead , so most people speak french or german or spanish or farmers love the eu . 
  we used to win the eurovision when it was more `` exclusive '' , but whatever . 
  maps in schools were wither always just ireland or europe ... we did n't do the two islands besides eachother like they doing the uk . 
  oh , and , we are definitely not fucking british . 
   i say we make a petition to classify the ~ ~ british isles ~ ~ island of britain as a continent of their own . 
  i do n't want them here in europe anymore if they do n't want to be part of the eu . 
  ftfy, 
   it 's not as easy to cultivate an identity around europe when we 're geographically not placed to get the shared sense of it . 
  i think irish people consider themselves european . 
  i 've never seen a study or anything so i may be entirely wrong , but i do think most irish people consider themselves as european and identify as being close to europe , even though we 're geographically further away . 
  do you have any large islands on the adriatic sea that you 'd be willing to sell to ireland as a holiday resort ? 
  you 're obviously an angry individual , so i do n't know why i 'm bothering . 
  maybe i enjoy your incoherent ranting and lack of clear logic . 
  it 's funny how anti abortion logic is always so ... illogical . 
   can you actually read yes . 
  i 'm able to write coherently as well . 
  so , who is ahead here . 
   because it says anything in red means over the percentage given so it 's over 56 % which if you could do maths is about 60 % and as i said people support it in certain cases so , 44 % of the country believe abortion on demand is fine . 
  that is a trend ? 
   or made more lenient so the anti abortion side want abortion made more lenient ? 
  i suppose that 's good . 
  if even the anti abortion sides wants abortion to be even more lenient , even they know these laws are unfair . 
   you ere constantly changing my words i 'm actually directly quoting you . 
  it 's difficult with your lack of writing skills , i admit , but , no . 
  i 'm directly quoting you . 
   to fit your obvious lack of understanding against directly quoting you , responding to each quote . 
  you 're problem you 're ranting nonsensically and incoherently . 
   and if you ca n't read my replies then ooh boy the internet will not treat you well in the future the internet treats me fine . 
  i 'm able to form and convey clear , logical arguments . 
  \u263a i also use good spelling and grammar and ** punctuation ** . 
  it 's extremely important . 
   and your fucking lost if you think with euthanasia is good for a country if that 's what liberals want then they 're monsters . 
  why ? 
  people with terminal illnesses have a right to end their lives with dignity . 
  bodily autonomy and rights . 
  you 're a monster if you think you have a right to control what other people do because of your own personal beliefs . 
   you ca n't put down an animal for no reason well , you can , but people usually do n't . 
  although animals are free to have abortions in ireland . 
  there is no law against that . 
   and if you did you would go to prison what do you think happens to animals in the pound if they are not rehomed ? 
  where do you think your meat comes from ? 
   aborting children on demand is the same thing no , it 's not . 
  aborting animal fetuses is the same thing as aborting human fetuses in your analogy . 
  although it is legal to abort animal fetuses in ireland . 
  alternatively , animal euthanasia for terminally ill humans is the same as euthanasia for animals . 
   and did you ever stop to think those women may know better than you yes . 
  i have considered it carefully . 
  and i have come to the conclusion that these women do not know better , as their rhetoric is easily disproved and their use of misleading facts is testimony to the fact that they actually do n't know better . 
  they do n't use facsimile and logic . 
  they also demand the right to decide what happens to other people . 
  after careful consideration , i have found the campaign to be based on many fallacies , their rhetoric dogmatic and their sole aim is to control other women because of their own beliefs . 
  so , yes , i have considered it and after careful consideration i have come to the conclusion that , no , they do n't know better . 
  they have no clear scientific logical arguments , which is why they are losing their argument to younger people . 
   and like i said a lot of us there were not religious . 
  the anti abortion campaign is funded by youth defense and the iona institute . 
  so , you may be not be religious but the reasoning behind your rhetoric is . 
  also , most older women , who are anti abortion , are extremely religious . 
  people who are completely non religious tend to follow facts over faith . 
  the younger population tends to be more atheist . 
  the younger population supports aborton . 
  do you see now why it is much more than a ` trend ' ? 
   oh so you change your opinion to its `` not necessary '' because i should you how stupid that would accept you were proven wrong selling out your belief is worse . 
  finding it extremely difficult to understand what you 're trying to say here . 
  i have n't sold out my believe . 
  my belief is that abortion should be available on demand to anyone and the only person who can decide is the woman who is pregnant . 
  my belief is that the people preventing this are the dinosaurs and the monsters . 
  they are the people preventing other people from their human rights , autonomy and the right to choose about her own body . 
   finally 80 % of the population do not want it repealed because by definition that means removed so it ca n't be changed 60 % would like in certain cases replaced not repealed .
