  op most likely has an italian grandparent . 
  do normal people not see the danger ? 
  or at least the embarrassment ? 
  what are people 's opinions of this in turkey ? 
  do people know about it ? 
  is all this stuff being reported ? 
  they may be right on that one . 
  [ donald the nazi ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kzh1iakvsbm ), 
  that 's what 's so scary about it . 
  that stuff actually happens . 
   she coldly responds `` it died when we died ... '' that 's is scary . 
  i hope that girl does n't have kids . 
  exactly what i was thinking . 
  in the future they 'll be killing people for fun . 
  what the fuck ? 
  little bastards . 
  [ relevant ] ( https://www.rte.ie/news/2017/0301/856373-marie-collins/ ), 
  how many people are part time employed or employed on zero hour contracts ? 
   the number of people on zero-hours contracts has increased by 101,000 to 905,000 . 
  ( in the three months to december ), 
  it would be a great country if we could put a roof over it . 
  aw :( i hope they had the timeof their life . 
  i wonder if the lithuanian soldier got lonely . 
  were you elected to parliament with a mandate , which included a provision for a referendum in the event of the uk voting to leave the eu ? 
  you are not an elected member of a devolved government with a mandate to declare a referendum ? 
  well , then , i guess the answer is no . 
  castro ? 
  no , he is generally perceived as a dictator who ousted a successful democracy and ran it into the ground , fucking over the people . 
  ireland 's independence struggle was about getting invaders out of our country and establishing a fair democracy with universal sufferage . 
  socialism ? 
  well , cuban level capitalism would not really be seen as an ideal model . 
  a capitalist model with left leaning socialism , like sweden or holland would probably be seen as ideal . 
  there is no fucking queue . 
  that 's not how this works . 
  that 's not how any of this works . 
  you !, 
  you owe me puppy photos . 
  you ca n't keep that cuteness all to yourself . 
  `` crisis with the netherlands '' is a bit of an exaggeration . 
  the dutch have done fuck all . 
  `` crazy man with grudge against the dutch gets more crazy and vindictive '' seems a bit more appropriate . 
  it 's embarrassing . 
  wow , francia is fucking yuge . 
  has borders with most countries . 
   will you continue blaming us when you 're out ? 
  most definitely . 
  i think he is n't taking his crazy pills and has had his psychiatrist locked up or possibly killed for the prescription . 
  go for an abortion , leave with whiter teeth . 
  and when he fails he will be able to show turkey how fascist and anti turkey all of those organisations are . 
  snp have played this well . 
  they have played by the rules set by westminster . 
  i do n't think he gives a fuck . 
  he was a career politician , totally privileged , eton , cambridge , tory , made his money , he 's probably on holidays now . 
  british army , so ... no . 
  not their own army . 
  he 's an old hippie . 
  total aging mini hippie in a 12 year old 's suit . 
  the fact that he signed the book of condolences for castro did n't really go down too well . 
  wind energy could be a great industry for scotland , especially for aberdeen . 
  they have so many engineers up there who are used to working offshore in the north sea . 
  spinning like a windmill in the north atlantic sea . 
  if they want to join nato . 
  i wonder what snp will say in their white paper about defense and army , etc. 
   one party ca n't just hold the rest to hostage constantly though . 
  if the scots want to continually elect a bunch of muppets to govern them then eventually you have to face the consequences . 
  the irony . 
  almost as if ... if you do n't remember history ... it starts to ... repeat itself . . for the same reasons !, 
  well , the inhabitants are used to a certain standard of living and many social benefits with a huge amount of people employed in the civil service . 
  the people and country is not poor , it just can not afford itself right now . 
  so , not really like moldova or rwanda . 
  that is a huge spanner in the argument for a united ireland . 
  ireland does not have a free healthcare system , similar to the nhs , for example . 
  this would be a practical reason for many nationalists to not want a united ireland . 
  at this point , ni 's destiny will de decided on economics . 
  the long term aims of ni are not to disintegrate into a level of poverty like rwanda or moldova . 
  while i agree that being too poor to be independent is not a thing , it is n't a thing ni is going to accept . 
  what am i looking for in those countries exactly ? 
  ireland would be happy to have ni . 
  they 're too poor to be independent . 
  literally . 
  he 's actually also a fairy , although he keeps that under his hat or in his closet . 
  look !, 
  [ martin scorcese ] ( https://www.google.ie/search?q=martin+scorsese+and+michael+d+higgins&amp;client=tablet-android-samsung&amp;source=android-browser&amp;prmd=inv&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewiz4nuh6ntsahxjdcakhtwxaugq_auibygb&amp;biw=962&amp;bih=601#imgrc=yaokuzpshtznnm: ) little elf men . 
  are n't they so cute ? 
  they 're both 5 ' 4 '' / 163 cm . 
  fu-huk if that is true . 
  what a mental bitch she is . 
  as soon as possible for ni is probably ten years at the absolute earliest . 
  brexiters say a lot of crap . 
  i think it 's phrased badly but the idea behind it is that non western people integrate and are not given the opportunity to form ghettos , which can be very problematic . 
  so , the idea is about encouraging non-westerners to adopt western culture , which is a bit of a problem when large groups of people do n't and live in ghettos . 
  ireland literally has no sun . 
  wind and tidal energy , guys !, 
  focus on the stuff that works . 
  what the fuck is this video meant to prove ? 
  being mean to children hurts their feelings and probably scars them for life ? 
  horrible , horrible thing to do to little children to try to prove some point or make some propaganda . 
  whoever was interviewing them was more than likely giving those little kids death stares and dirty looks . 
  they kept looking up at whoever it was with shy smiles until they were bullied into submission and looked down and away , that one little girl crying . 
  the scumbag made a little girl cry .
