  do the minority of scots want to run out this minute and vote on it this evening ? 
  also , why do you think the majority of scots want to wait ? 
  is it because they believe that the longer they wait , the more likely a ` yes ' majority is . 
  or the more likely they wait , the more likely there will be a ` no ' majority ? 
  so , two main clarifications needed ... how long do they want to wait and why do they want to wait . 
  without those clarifications , the poll is meaningless . 
  or do you disagree ? 
  there were no requests for referenda in 2015 , 2016 or 2017 . 
  there is the start of a request for 2018/2019 . 
  there was also another referendum in 2016 that voided one of the assurances scotland received from the ` no ' campaign in 2014 . 
  so , 3 years later , after trying to make comprises on behalf of scotland and literally being ignored by may , scotland have used shrewd politics to get a chance to ask the question again , under markedly different circumstances . 
  they want to wait 18 months . 
  [ not now , scotland . 
  shut the fuck up ] ( http://evildreye.com/comic/whos-dream/ ), 
  dedicated to na h-alba . 
   why do n't they wait until after the uk leaves the eu the negative effects on scotland become clear ( and support for independence rises ) perhaps to prevent the country further sinking into a hole . 
   may was elected as mp in her consistency which gives her mandate to be pm . 
  she was elected as an mp . 
  she was later appointed pm . 
  being elected as mp does in her ~ ~ consistency ~ ~ constituency does not give her the mandate to be pm . 
  sturgeon was elected on the basis of her manifesto . 
   the extent of sturgeon 's mandate is clearly defined in the current devolution arrangement . 
  she can not start throwing her weight around claiming powers that she was not elected to hold . 
  back in your box , sturgeon . 
  england says shut up . 
  not to mention patronising . 
   i do n't see a petition in favour of a referendum ... ? 
  do you see a democratically elected head of government exercising her mandate ? 
  polls supported remain . 
  what 's your point ? 
  as prime minister , she does . 
  she is now the independence movement 's greatest recruiter . 
  teresa may was elected as an mp for maidenhead . 
  autumn 2018-spring 2019 . 
  may is playing perfectly into sturgeon 's hands . 
  she ca n't even pay proper lip service to appease the people on middle ground . 
  the 2nd referendum was in the snp mandate , which they were elected to execute . 
  what was may elected to do ? 
  and yet they are to be undemocratically denied the choice to decide ? 
  why is this spam in europe ? 
   those people happen to live in a region which used to be a separate country 300 years ago so , scotland is not currently a separate country ? 
  that is , if you ignore the democratic wishes of an entire country . 
  not a lie . 
  a prediction based on the assumption that england would not undemocratically inflict some ridiculous and unforeseen set of circumstances upon scotland . 
  yeah , well , people who predict economics may as well be playing with tarot cards . 
  they usually are wrong . 
   truth , logic , facts and reason  aye right pal no , you did n't do that either . 
  you just quoted me and then quoted their white paper . 
  sorry , maybe i got you wrong but my inference was that you considered their white paper to be lies , unfactual , unreasonable and illogical . 
  nah , she has actual shit to get on with in her life and does n't still live with her parents . 
  predictions are predictions . 
  they 're not lies . 
  it 's because they 're there because by merit , grit and a determination to stand up for scottish interests . 
  the tories are there for themselves and the interests of their prep school friends . 
  nah , she has absolutely no need to sink to that level . 
  she speaks the language of truth , logic , facts and reason . 
  she 's good . 
  she 's very , very good . 
   the watchdog has found that payments worth at least # 104,765 was missing from the conservative 's parliamentary general election spending return . 
   and up to # 118,124 was either not reported or incorrectly reported . 
  why were n't the fined # 222,889 on top of that little slap on the wrist ? 
  will make dna testing interesting in the future . 
  still , good scientific advancement . 
  i wonder why !, 
  was n't it all about the ball bearings ? 
  that sounds like something that could have been an interesting obscure fact i heard or something ihad a vivid dream about . 
  no , no-one blamed him one bit . 
  who could stay in the same place after that ? 
  the thing that everyone was so mad about was that they knew she had mental health issues and had gotten her into a psychiatric institution . 
  they let her out and she did that . 
  that 's what is so scary . 
  everyone in her family was doing their best to help her at the time , but this kinda thing still happens . 
  yup . 
  her husband emigrated to australia after and her parents were just absolutely totally and utterly destroyed forever . 
  the really fucked up thing is that she had literally just been released from a psychiatric hospital . 
  that 's whats so fucked up . 
  it 's not an unusual occurance . 
   what do you mean by this ? 
  most european countries have been monarchies and some eu members still have a constitutional monarchy . 
  it 's not about monarchies , it is a very class divided country . 
  my impression , from living and working in england for many years , is that it is carefully designed to keep the wealth and power in the hands of the few , balls to the rest . 
  thus , eu policies were often contested . 
  also , the england were a bit contentious within the eu , so there 's that as well . 
  they do n't fit together . 
  wales have no say at all in anything . 
  scotland would be a good fit , should they choose that is what they want . 
  i mean , i feel bad for the people who wanted to stay , especially because the rhetoric that got brexit passed was so false , but the eu will be better off without england bitching and moaning in the corner . 
  just my opinion anyway . 
  i think it 's pretty correct , at least for the elite . 
  england , particularly , is less interested in an egalitarian society . 
  i know . 
  that was just awful . 
  i also personally know a family who it happened to . 
  the mother drove off a pier with her two little kids ( 3 and 5 ) in the car . 
  horrific . 
  de gualle had it right . 
  england is not a good fit for the eu . 
  the eu is better off without . 
   ` england in effect is insular , she is maritime , she is linked through her interactions , her markets and her supply lines to the most diverse and often the most distant countries ; she pursues essentially industrial and commercial activities , and only slight agricultural ones . 
  she has , in all her doings , very marked and very original habits and traditions . '  charles de gualle,
