  not 80 , but nearly 80 % . 
  75 % of irish people want the 8th amendment repealed , according to polls last year . 
  here is a [ source ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/news/social-affairs/irish-times-poll-majority-want-repeal-of-eighth-amendment-1.2819814?mode=sample&amp;auth-failed=1&amp;pw-origin=http%3a%2f%2fwww.irishtimes.com%2fnews%2fsocial-affairs%2firish-times-poll-majority-want-repeal-of-eighth-amendment-1.2819814 )  because by definition that means removed so it ca n't be changed 60 % would like in certain cases replaced not repealed . 
  well , yes . 
  the 8th is what gives equal right of a fetus to life as the woman whose body it inhabits . 
  that is what the 8th means . 
  that 's is what 75 % of people want repealed . 
  that does n't mean abortion on demand , but it does mean the 8th repealed . 
  you 're not a fact person , are you ? 
   most of these people who agree with abortion and repeal are from the age of 18-40 and the vast majority in the 18-30 bracket which shows its a trend among young people , which i would blame on liberal media like buzz feed and the irish times or you could blame it on the fact that these people are n't subject to the brains washing of the catholic church . 
  that faith does n't matter to people , facts , logic and human rights do . 
  this is the correct answer . 
  well , the eu is about creating equity and stability in all its member states . 
  it 's about creating good lives for people to live in . 
  the fact that someone with a romanian flair responded to your post does n't really mean that 's what romania are doing . 
  they are a poorer nation , so , it kind of is in the nature of the eu to contribute more per capita . 
  that is fundamentally how the eu works . 
  punctuation . 
  dude . 
  are you seriously just totally spewing and ranting ? 
  i 'll try to reformat it for you . 
  make your arguments a bit more coherent and go from there . \u263a  finally the source in which i 'm sighting was widely broadcasted redc on page 6 it says over 56 % of people believe that no one should have the right to have an abortion on demand no . 
  that 's not what it said . 
  it did n't say that . 
  it said 56 % of people did n't support abortion for any means she felt necessary . 
  it also said 78 % of people believe abortion should be allowed jn cases of rape and incest . 
  which means that more people support abortion jn ireland than do n't . 
  that 's a very clear majority of people who want the 8th repealed . 
  almost 4/5ths of the population of the island . 
  what kind of a trend is that ? 
  most people . 
   the eu and the un does not control our laws and if they had any sense they would focus their efforts of real world issues , no . 
  the eu have no legal right to change abortion laws in ireland , as per draft 2 of the lisbon treaty . 
  however the council of europe and and the un commission of human rights are able to make calls on human rights . 
  that 's what they specialise in . 
  the rights of humans . 
  women are a type of human . 
  these international bodies that specialises in such things deems that these types of humans ' rights are being infringed on by ireland 's abortion policy . 
  interesting , no ? 
   70 % of people at all pro life rally 's i 've been to are women does their voice not count their voice can count towards their own bodies , not mine . 
  their opinions should not be able to infringe on my human rights or the human rights of anyone else . 
  women can also hold misogynistic views . 
  an example would be nuns in the catholic church . 
  the catholic church in general is incredibky misogynistic . 
  many women in ireland , particularly the older generations , are extremely religious . 
  it is undeniable that many of these women are influenced by their catholic beliefs , as evidenced by the placards showing religious imagery at these rallies and the fact that these movements are almost exclusively funded by catholic institutions and us christian pro life lobbies . 
   and animals have more rights than the unborn in many countries neither of which have a voice again in which countries are you not legally allowed to euthanasia animals ? 
  in many countries humans are allowed to chose euthanasia for themselves too . 
  generally the more liberal and progressive ones with higher levels of happiness of the population . 
  the ones where people have excellent human rights and people decide their course in life . 
  the reality is actually that animals have more rights than women in ireland . 
  do you believe animals would have more rights than women ? 
   you said we should have a referendum now which is n't an apt way to do anything democratic the citizens assembly will be heard and when they 're finish the recommendations may be implemented no before . 
  yes , but this was not actually strictly necessary . 
  it was probably extremely pragmatic , considering there is a very militant anti abortion lobby , sponsored by catholic organisations such as the iona institute , the youth defense and also american anti abortion lobbies . 
  however , you kinda misunderstand the logistics of a referendum . 
  the citizens assembly was not actually necessary , just kind of a good idea for the government to be able to distance themselves from the issue , so they do n't piss off all the old , ultra catholic constituent voters . 
  politics , basically . 
   that journalists is still i believe working in journalism not a randomer and is actually to be considered a first hand source who was it ? 
  a first hand source for what ? 
  is he himself a source ? 
   and finally the source in which i 'm sighting was widely broadcasted redc on page 6 it says over 56 % of people believe that no one should have the right to have an abortion on demand again , you 're not interpretating this correctly . 
  they did n't say `` no-one should have the right to abortion on demand '' , they said they did n't agree with it . 
  not agreeing with it is not the same thing . 
  but you did helpfully provide the link to show that nearly 80 % of the population believe that there should be abortion in at least some cases . 
  and also near.you 80 % of the population support the 8th being repealed . 
  so , no . 
  it 's not a trend . 
  most people in the country are in favour of the 8th being repealed . 
  and `` i did n't vote , cos i do n't live there and who cares ? 
  about me ? 
  who cares ? '', 
  is it a teeny tiny fluffy pony ? 
  think you 're looking at shetland . 
  it 's already got the infrastructure and sure , if it 's good enough for the queen , i suppose . 
  but i do n't know if $ 19 billion would buy it . 
  no beaches either . 
  it 's just a rock . 
  we need a beach . 
  at least one . 
  where are they gon na fly us all on this 15 billion ? 
  they could do like the lotto ad and buy us a mediterranean island . 
  that 's only like ... three pints and taxi fare . 
  and you 'd have to get someone to give you a lift in . 
  would , as interesting as this heading was , it was a line of cross examination . 
  the jury were not told this , it is a line the defence is trying to prove . 
  may be credible , i dunno . 
  no , you 're right , he 's right wing to the max . 
  but for a pope , he 's pretty fucking progressive . 
  most progressive one yet . 
  the cynical side of me says it 's a cynical church tactic to get the disenfranchised youth on board , but , still ... more of this is definitely a welcome change . 
  he also allowed condoms i believe , which is good news for aids . 
  me too . 
  also , those lambs are just the cutest . 
  true . 
  once you see that name attached to some opinions , you know they 're gon na spark outrage . 
  how . 
  many . 
  articles . 
  this .
