  they 'd beat the living shit out of you for saying such a thing . 
  or try to murder you if they heard you speak foreign . 
  for two participating countries only . 
  everyone else got along swimmingly . 
  you misunderstand . 
  brexit and it 's growing , illogical support within britain is creating a more united and clearer opposition from the eu , australia , canada ... everyone else . 
  brexit is getting everyone else to realise that brexit and trump can go their own way , with russia potentially , maybe turkey . 
  everyone else is going the other . 
  so it is tru tho , is n't it ? 
  it 's just a useless civic building project so small time contractors can get work . 
  it 's purpose is to create the appearance of an economic boom for all those blue collar workers who need work . 
  brexit and trump are making their own opposition stronger and more united . 
  have you googled `` england is fucked '' recently ? 
  why do n't you just read the article above ? 
  england is fucked and dragging other countries with it . 
  scots are not particularly happy about this . 
  uk media is outrageous propaganda . 
  not just the tabloids , but the bbc is a joke . 
  it 's the main reason no-one else can understand the mentality of the english or their attitude about this shit fest . 
  head up north , see what the scots are saying . 
  or listen to the stupid bullshit may and johnson were saying today . 
  whatever . 
  i do n't care . 
  stop trying to prove your point to me . 
  your first mistake is listening to pro westminster propaganda . 
  i wo n't say any more . 
  think of my post in 3 years . 
  writing is on the wall . 
  uk is diving headfirst into the shitter with legal permission to disregard the wishes of the devolved governments . 
  those governments are not going to stand for that too much longer , especially when they 're being forced to attach to a sinking ship . 
  anyway , nothing of brexit disappoints me . 
  i 'm fairly content watching it all unfold . 
  you hope i 'll be disappointed . 
  i know england will be . 
  nah , they 've made their bed , they 're determined to lie in it . 
  in the not too distant future , scotland and northern ireland will leave the uk and rejoin the eu . 
  england and wales will find new scapegoats to blame . 
  they 'll sink alone . 
  best case scenario , cia gets in there and makes him go away . 
  . . but what about pence ? 
  there might be a convenient accident for him too . 
  the chinese lack of an elected party is actually an advantage at this stage of their evolution . 
  they have less bureaucracy and it is a more efficient path to their goals . 
  i think , politically , they are on their way to a more democratic living situation but at the moment , their aims are economical and they are on course to achieve them , unlike the us . 
  the fact that their system means they can go ahead and do things quickly with nk chance of opposition and forced , efficient compliance means that they actually are and quickly . 
  this is what they are doing . 
  and they are moving to cleaner energy and renewable fuels , unlike the us backward step . 
  even though they 're way dirtier in terms of pollution now , it 's perfectly feasible to see them being quite a clean country in 10 years or less . 
  seeing as trump wants to investigate voting irregularities , i wonder is this a way for him to enforce tighter controls . 
  then there may be another 9/11 and law enforcement will be more controlled after this . 
  it may be trump 's enabling act , russia will of course be an ally ... or else the cia will make deft work of him . 
  america is n't adapting , has n't been for decades . 
  it 's stuck in its values and unfortunately it 's too late to unfuck those electoral choices . 
  they have a leader who wants to create employment by building a fucking wall . 
  and it will work at appeasing those middle americans for about 4 years . 
  well , they are an economy in decline . 
  trump 's main catch call is to get declining industries working again . 
  this is so shortsighted . 
  no-one is going to want coal in 20 years . 
  after his civic wall building project , which will presumably provide contracts for working class americans , there will be nothing . 
  they 'll just have walled themselves in , wasted money on getting work done for the sake of it and neglected to bring their economy and skills up to standard . 
  they 'll be left behind . 
  china is becoming more progressive and is going relatively unnoticed because of all the other drama going on around the world . 
  they 're on track to pass everyone out already and this is well before they are due to reach their peak of sophistication . 
  she would say that . 
  uk has pinned its main hopes on being submissive to the us . 
  she it beyond naive if she trusts trump , however she 's positioned the uk so they have no choice . 
  not a good negotiating tactic . 
  china is going to be the new economic superpower . 
  they 're also becoming more and more progressive and sensible and have a productive and generally well educated work force . 
  these are all the things that america intrinsically lacks . 
  like the uk , they 're a falling empire . 
  the weaknesses are coming from within . 
  a lazy an complacent old superpower . 
  poor japanese did n't get this luxury and they still managed to integrate perfectly afterwards . 
  realised ? 
  granted ? 
  bit of revisionism going on there . 
  banking is the biggest export . 
  it 's not a wealthy market , it does n't have a huge export industry in goods and the economy is based on ~ 70 % services , many of which are unproductive and inefficient . 
  the nhs is a good example of this , it is crumbling because so many people are employed in positions which are pretty much irrelevant positions which must be paid for by the tax payers . 
  add to that people who are employed via revenue from council tax etc and it is clear that the economy is not as useful to those in the eu as many in the uk are led to believe . 
  scotland has oil and educates useful graduates in engineering , which are lacking in england and wales per capita , but let 's see how long they last within a brexit uk . 
  except when you were that integrated superstate , you know ... the empire !, 
  that said , unifying breakfast options across the eu is a good thing . 
  it 's good to be able to choose between tea , coffee or juice , a greasy fry up , a croissant or even the efta 's m\u00fcsli contribution . 
  i 'm for sharing breakfast options , even if i usually choose not to partake . 
  but there is no deal to be had . 
  if you leave a member club , you lose the member benefits . 
  england does n't have too much that anyone wants , their biggest export is banking and that looks set to leave . 
  what deal is there going to be ? 
  not everyone is a breakfast person . 
  personally , i do n't get hungry until lunchtime . 
  he wrote a letter . 
  it 's a government agency , he is entitled to write a letter . 
  they could have replied `` no ! '', 
  fining him such a huge amount is totalitarian , let alone fining him at all . 
  again , you misunderstand or have no knowledge of these deprived areas . 
  there are vast vacuums of people who do n't have the education or finances to live in the expensive regions , nor is there the impetus for many to try . 
  there is a deep rooted class divide .
