  \u2661 what ? \u25cb, 
  i strongly suspect ( due to a conspiracy theory i made up in my head after hearing coveney 's blundering rant ok the radio a while ago ) that they 're all members of opus dei . 
  the real threat is the militant catholification of every life in ireland . 
  there is something seriously awry with this shitty government , police force , everything . 
  and conveney has literally just been on the radio ( shirking his actual ministerial role , for which he does absolutely nothing ) complaining about the citizens assembly and saying he does n't want `` abortion on demand '' in ireland . 
  for fuck 's sake . 
  i think i 'm about to become a secular atheist terrorist and bomb all these fucking theists in the d\u00e1il . 
  i said it on the r/ireland but u feel i need to repeat myself here ... fuck off farage . 
  britain is not a real friend of ireland . 
  we 're happy in the eu . 
  i believe they melted them into gold bars . 
  she ca n't sing at all though . 
  should have stuck to dancing only . 
  pot . 
  kettle . 
  black . 
  i 'm just in from lunch . 
  oh , they 're not pricey nice . 
  they 're . 
  ... `` i 'm buying a lunch deal and will go with the prawn cocktails '' ... they 're less than a euro nice . 
  they 're nice . 
  oh really , conservative home ? 
  it 's in a students flat . 
  this happened in ireland and they dna tested the white blonde kid , turned out it was genuinely the gypsy 's kid . 
  so , it was n't a surrogate pregnancy , just an adoption . 
  i wait no more !!!, 
  thank you , kind stranger !, 
  you do n't understand ... . free movement is not required for a free trade agreement , that 's why shipping companies exist . 
  they 're not the same thing . 
  no , her girlfriends father invited them over to dubai under the false premise that the girlfriend 's mother was sick . 
  when they arrived , father reported them to the police for being gay and threatened to kill them . 
  they then fled to turkey and were deported to london , where they live , from turkey . 
  founder of the turkish nation . 
  very secular . 
  would be upset by erdogan tearing the turkish state apart and turning it into an islamic dictatorship . 
  would be `` spinning in his grave '' because of what has recently happened . 
  i 'm waiting for the gif . 
  i ca n't wait until the withering catholic church takes it last breath . 
  looks like the higher the value , the less arches the bridge has . 
  sounds a lot more illuminati than it actually is . 
  we can and will !!, 
  the time to act is at hand !, 
  the pesky baby boomers in this instant , free state boomers , fit the description for the purpose of said van . 
  i believe we can end sectarianism now by getting rid of all sanctimonious and entitled boomers , across the entire ireland . 
  i cross community project or epic proportions . 
  10 , definitely 10 . 
  my thoughts exactly . 
  i fully expected to see stab city . 
  there 's one pottering around the kitchen right now , being pesky ... and there are more than one of those ash bastards in the shed . 
  so , here ... guys ? 
  are we starting the revolution yet ? 
  do i have permission ? 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/hurley_ ( stick ), 
  i was not taking the piss . 
  i totally want to join the mass uprising . 
  get rid of those pesky baby boomers . 
  they 're too pesky . 
  have my bb gun at the ready . 
  this title was quite misleading . 
  it 's not about stabbings , people . 
  lol, 
  sounds like the loyalist fleeeg protests in belfast . 
  yes , it should be . 
  there 's a mistake in that map . 
  the county at the top of the map in the middle . 
  well , scotland is a simple proposition . 
  it 's independence , aye or nae ? 
  if they 're allowed have the referendum , cos , ye know , now is not the time . 
  ni is a cluster fuck , for nuanced reasons now . 
  it 's not ni , join ireland , aye or nae ? 
  it 's a two pronged border poll both sides of the border and concerns rejoining , changing systems and policies to align with a different country and no-one wants to deal with the loyalists . 
  plus , northern ireland is a uuuuuge financial drain . 
  lots of money spent on policing , social welfare and just jn general . 
  well , that 's up to scotland . 
  do n't want to piss the `` you 're anti-english '' people off , but i do think sturgeon is one of the coolest , bestest and most competentest politicians there ever was . 
  i prefer the way she says different stuff in sentences instead of batting her eyelids and repeating the same 5 words until the camera gets fed up . 
  a border poll has to be called , yes . 
  but ni are also seeking to join ireland ... and at the minute ... well , it 's debatable whether or not the north is really wanted . 
  i 'm not disagreeing , i 'm just saying it 's a whole lot trickier with many more different issues and subtleties in ni . 
  scotland is a relatively straightforward situation and is simply a constitutional and political situation . 
  the peace process wo n't be undone . 
  not by brexit . 
  it will cause economic problems , but people have moved on . 
  there is still a sectarian element , particularly at interface communities , but brexit is n't going to cause the peace process to collapse . 
  it may well fuck up the economy and make life at the borders unnecessarily difficult . 
  people hate the idea of borders , cos people remember what they were like . 
  granted , they wo n't have soldiers now and will onky be customs borders , but they will still make an easy journey difficult . 
  they 're not going to get any more powers than they already have . 
  scotland were previously promised extra devolution ( the pledge ) if the remained in the union and it never came to fruition . 
  the devolved governments have as much devolution as they 'll ever get . 
  i do n't . 
  i simply explained why scotland would not be remaining in the eu . 
  is this the same sentiment that would decibels nicola sturgeon as anti english ? 
  they already have devolved governments . 
  that 's as much as they 'll ever get . 
  although ni may go back to direct rule soon . 
  now is not the time !, 
  now is not the time , scotland . 
  stop playing politics and get back in your box !!, 
  oh , but it 's the perfect time for the conservatives to call a ge to consolidate our current position as indicated by polls .
