  this is not playing politics . 
  shut up scotland !, 
  clearly she will . 
  that is the exact reason that there is an election . 
  do you think she will forget about her mandate before the election ? 
  these are basically the reasons scotland wants independence . 
  ni is trickier , because loyalists are loyalists , it 's expensive and no-one really wants the trouble ... but it will be the most affected by brexit . 
  so , watch those two places over the next ten years . 
  let 's see what happens . 
  once she collects all those delicious conservative votes , she will be invincibly strong !!!, 
  her authority must be respected . 
  she will have been voted by the people with a clear mandate . 
  every vote made her stronger !!, 
  it 's not surprising . 
  that 's the way westminster works . 
  it 's why scotland must put up and shut up . 
  same with ni . 
  respeckt mah authoritaaaaaay !!, 
  the people have spoken , now is not the time . 
  i 'm in charge , because i said so . 
  does n't matter . 
  the people in england have spoken . 
  that 's all scotland and northern ireland need to know . 
  why do so many people think it 's blue ? 
  i see green . 
  does n't count for anyone else in the uk , except for scotland . 
  but it counts for other eu citizens . 
  so , only scots and others with eu passports , except uk passports . 
  i like to think for them as ghost killers on skis . 
   ~ ~ technically speaking ~ ~ , gingers do n't have souls . 
  ftfy, 
  if they 're on the dole , they 'd get a medical card . 
  take proper care of them when they have polio etc ? 
  i reckon that once the loyalist found out how high their dole becomes , they 'd settle down a bit . 
  we 're such a a scamp . 
  except there is no fada on craic . 
  do you believe nicola sturgeon is anti english ? 
  does that mean you believe it 's not really happening ? 
  yes , it 's the `` some people think '' that makes it ambiguous . 
  are people answering `` some people think these are not rape '' not `` do you think it 's okay to have sex '' . 
  anyway , i was on a couple of threads at the time and came to the personal conclusion that the survey was bullshit . 
  the link is broken but i looked at the survey closely when it came out and the questions and came to the conclusion that it was intentionally misleading and bullshit . 
  this was based on that ridiculous survey with completely misleading and ambiguous questions . 
  replace weapons with flowers ... aaaaaaw . 
  and chill , laugh , it 's alright . 
  good advice there kiddos . 
  i ca n't wait until til she starts stabbing seville oranges on tv and calling all dutch people nazis . 
  micheal collins, 
  and people do n't like being told what to do . 
  even that backfired . 
  why are a load of non french people telling french people how to vote ? 
  that must be it , although , how do they decide who does the hard polish level meant for natives and a presumably easier polish as a second language course ? 
  maybe it 's just that they 've added lithuanian and portuguese . 
  i thought polish was already on the curriculum , for polish kids . 
  i 'm sure my friend 's kid is studying polish for lc . 
  who said they were ? 
  i totally believe most of it is complete bs . 
  thanks for the recommendation though , sounds like something i would enjoy and love to use in an argument !, 
  i 'll definitely check it out !, 
  just looking at the map , my eye wants it to be in poland , near warsaw . 
  you could always research it . . then publish a research publication in the name of greece . 
  i just hope that this `` radical '' idea can pass with the old conservatives . 
  i really hope it does , but whether it can get passed or not is a completely different thing . 
  just wondering if the belief in something which there is no evidence for , which motivates these actions is classified as a mental illness . 
  i know if you hear voices from god , that 's now classified as a mental illness . 
  even though , that could be construed as at least having evidence for the belief . 
  since you asked for a scientific reason , a quick google threw up this article https://blogs.scientificamerican.com/mind-guest-blog/how-do-you-distinguish-between-religious-fervor-and-mental-illness/, 
  does that negate the information ? 
  is religious belief classified as a mental illness yet ? 
  with fptp voting and labour in total disarray , you kinda can . 
  there is no opposition so there 's no alternative for retainers to vote for . 
  i do n't think that 's what it 's about . 
  the tories are set to get a huge majority now and may , who was not elected as leader of her party , will be elected with a mandate . 
  it 's a power grab by may , really . 
  labour ca n't contest her . 
  and when she is really elected , she will have the power to do brexit whatever way she wants to . 
  now is not the time . 
  now is not the time . 
  i wonder what the snp will say ... because , ye know ... now is not the time !!!!, 
  [ now is not the time !, 
  ] ( https://www.google.ie/url?sa=t&amp;source=web&amp;rct=j&amp;url=https://www.theguardian.com/politics/video/2017/mar/16/theresa-may-second-scottish-referendum-now-is-not-the-time-video&amp;ved=0ahukewidrsne563tahvsdmakhabgahkqwqsbcbswaa&amp;usg=afqjcnh8dqnlyiuxhqwmnobktz-zl0tv2a&amp;sig2=_qhag3fxcg0wkz8pdvmtcw ), 
  now is not the time . 
  doing it . 
  thanks . 
  this needs to be addressed . 
  that 's the best option , imo . 
  i only wonder if the conservative oldies will see the sense and humanity in a scheme like this . 
  what a surprise !, 
  there 's a compensation in there somewhere . 
  that looks great . 
  can we just push the mute button on this loon . 
  i do n't want to hear his insane ramblings anymore . 
  what 's the country hovering above norway ? 
  i like fruck off the best . 
  i just saw blobs . 
  did a child draw this ? 
  a lot of it is a matter of diplomacy . 
  i mean , angela could call trump a fucking retard in the press conference where he was talking shit about her , i 'm sire she was thinking that , but why get on the wrong side of that megalomanic . 
  anyway , it appears that america is in decline and europe is making arrangements to counter that , like federalisation and eu army . 
  we do n't need to look crazy just cos they do .
