  no shit , dumbass . 
  i do n't know why newspapers are doing that . 
  that is another form of propaganda . 
  however , two wrongs do n't make a right . 
  getting some randomer to spew your party lines and giving him the heading of swedish defense advisor or whatever is lying . 
  it 's such a well kept harlem . 
  no-one is denying that there is a problem . 
  the problem is the us is lying on their news . 
  they are making up lies and planting people on their news shows to say what they want them to say under false pretenses . 
  if they 're lying about this what else are they going to lie about ? 
  and so blatantly . 
  no effort behind their lies at all . 
  this is propaganda . 
  yeah , he would n't vote for angela but he probably would have canvassed for hitler . 
  excellent idea . 
  hope it goes well for you poland !, 
  that 's so nice . 
  nicest anthem i have never heard . 
  i hope someone makes those stubby wine glasses for when you sing your anthem . 
  from fox so probably . 
  left wing . 
  i do n't think that means what you think it means . 
  so pinochet is a true hero then ? 
  something should definitely be done to stop this shit show . 
  most americans now have evidence to support this crap . 
  fox are n't going to correct people , trump wants everyone to believe sweden is crumbling . 
  but what can sweden do really ? 
  if they can do that they should , even just to highlight how bad things are in the us for their citizens . 
  it 's really bad , not just cos they 're lying about sweden but because they 're more than likely gon na get away with it and further brainwash their population . 
  it 's fine . 
  he helped britain keep some of argentina 's land . 
  first goes the freedom of the press and everything contradictory is written off as ` fake news ' as he is literally making up fake news , aided by fox . 
  is america great again yet ? 
  why are you surprised ? 
  were n't you raped and shot by swarms of syrian jihadis when you popped out to the shop for milk just there ? 
  what . 
  a. cunt . 
  i do n't . 
  of course there will be trade deals with those countries . 
  who said there would n't be ? 
  the onky thing that is suspect is may 's assertation that there 'll be a magical , mythical anglodpehere that will replace all eu dealings . 
  but surely you know she lies all the time by now . 
  and teresa may . 
  not as in your face but definitely another agenda pushing liar . 
  the end is upon us . 
  https://news.grabien.com/story-sweden-natl-sec-advisor-nils-bildt-immigrant-crime-not-being you find it difficult to believe . 
  at least 50 % of the us think it 's fact , at the very least . 
  she would be an example of how the ginger gene is invading and killing the healthy children of sweden . 
  how much of that blurb do you actually think is true ? 
  they do n't even need sweden to fail . 
  they just make up fake news . 
  literally , fake newsing a whole swedish catastrophe that the swedish pm is denying , for some bizarre reason and then interviewing that fake swedish defense advisor . 
  you can see why trump got in there with the fake news first . 
  the news in the us is literally fake . 
  no , but the anglosphere trade fairytale is a fairytale they made up one day . 
  not a conspiracy , just another baseless lie . 
  catholic is a convenient label used by the british government to differentiate between natives and unionists . 
  nothing to do with what god they follow or religion , as you put it earlier . 
  no need to have the union there either , as many would see it . 
  the union does not serve the people , as evidenced by how they are treating n.i and scotland currently . 
  tory lies and bigotry just do n't seem to change . 
  of course you do n't understand the point , you 're clearly okay with thatcher 's way of thinking and have an uneducated idea of the situation . 
  they are living in ireland . 
  everyone in northern ireland is living in ireland . 
  the clue is in the name . 
  those that are obsessed with living in the union , on the other hand . 
  they are probably better off moving back over to the mainland if it matters to them that much . 
  fyi , ni problems have literally nothing to do with religion . 
  it 's a convenient label to differentiate between planters and natives . 
  there are plenty of protestants in the republic of ireland . 
  none of them are considered unionists . 
  yeah , i would n't post it to be safe . 
  the guy is a crack though . 
  a dangerous one . 
  i sort of felt sorry for that smiley woman with all her facts being shot down by the planted crack . 
  did she buy it out of madeleine 's fund ? 
  did you try tolling ? 
  because the anglosphere is something the tories made up . 
  the uk will have the same amount of trade , maybe less because of less eu based trade , with australia than before leaving the eu . 
  of course australia will make a trade deal , does n't mean that will increase trade within a magical anglosphere . 
  the article is clearly showing that businesses are leaving the uk . 
  that 's scarily hilarious . 
  that dude just gave ` proof ' to all the us fucktards that the donald 's `` real news '' was right and the swedes are lying . 
  scary . 
  and hilarious . 
  in a ' i sense doomsday coming ' kinda way . 
  someone left this comment . .  this guy ( nils bildt ) moved to the us in 1994 , when he was 19 , and is not a national security advisor , at least not on sweden . 
   what he is though , is a registered republican . 
  http://voters.findthedata.com/ ... 
  so much for the ` anglosphere ' the tories are on about . 
  but where are the wine glasses ? 
  what is that ? 
  is there a pic of these weird anthem verse wine glasses ? 
  friends with everyone !, 
  what did he say on the show ? 
  is that slovenia singing about friends ? 
  how nice . 
  i do n't like those inverted commas . 
  you better not be having fun . 
  he 's providing us with the funnest german factoids in existence .
