  thatcher was a ruthless cunt face . 
  how is that a show of support ? 
  [ snap ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5to8e6/the_most_eastern_roman_of_turkish/ ), 
  well , not really . 
  it 's still requires 3 generations . 
  they 're still not giving out citizenship like other european countries . 
  and everyone goes naked or towels or swimsuits ? 
  perhaps that 's exactly what those pesky italians have been planning since the 1940s !, 
  they 've already successfully ghettoised that southern part . 
  we were talking about finnish saunas in the sauna last night . 
  what is the etiquette ... naked and single sex or naked and mixed sex ? 
  in my gym it 's mixed sex and everyone wears their swimming costumes . 
  polish soldiers holding their own flag is provocative ? 
  why ? 
  third generation immigrants ? 
  wow , that 's still fairly strict . 
  they are the bestest chocolates on earth . 
  you 're right !, 
  i 'm new york !, 
  nice . 
  yeah , i do n't wan na be alabama !, 
  i 'm disappointed . 
  but ... why ? 
  probably another propaganda attempt to undermine the scottish , their vote against brexit and their independence . 
  i realise that , however i was responding to the survey ** you ** posted as evidence of irish population being religious . 
  the younger population who voted for gay marriage or are trying to get the 8th amendment ( anortion ) repealed are not religious . 
  the religious population is older . 
  younger people generally have strong negative feelings towards the church . 
  that 's bollox . 
  the younger generations not only do n't care about the catholic church , they view it with true disdain . 
  the older generations , literally people 55 and older , attend mass . 
  owing to the fact that younger people emigrate , that 30 % easily accounts for older people and really old people who go to mass all the time . 
  ireland is not a religious country . 
  however old peole are , which would account for the statement `` ireland used to be a religious country ! '', 
  but you read something on the jnternet so you must know way better than real irish people . 
  i 'm sure they have experts collaborating with banks that know exactly what they 're doing . 
  those are the options , scottish pound or euro . 
  it could be a scottish pound . 
  the have a system of banks printing their own currently . 
  it could be an extension , or continuation , of that system . 
   they can say anything , but they 're certainly not saying scots would vote for independence right now . 
  they actually are saying similar things . 
  not right now , but then there 's no indyref now , but similar sentiments that would indicate that next indyref will get independence . 
  the thing is , you just know that because sturgeon is very clever and we 'll prepared , that this is going to be done right and they will make sure of their desired result . 
   rejoining the eu would mean signing up to the euro and schengen , while saying they will just go for it half-baked through efta would hardly be a major vote winner in the referendum and kill some of the snp 's rationale for holding it . 
  no , joining eu does not mean you have to do either of those things , although the euro as a currency may be convenient at the time , who knows . 
  you can be in the eu and not use euro nor do you have to be a member of schengen . 
  where is the break in protocol ? 
  currently they are an eu country . 
  not getting your point . 
  they have been told by the eu , in response to what westminster told them , that they wo n't be pushed to the back of any queue and such a thing does n't exist . 
  they 're being careful and deliberate about this , why would n't they seek out the best eu advice they have access to ? 
   westminster represent the entire uk including the scots . 
  does it though ? 
  does it really ? 
  last referendum ? 
  not a very good plan ... 
  there was no contingency for currency or whether or not they would be in the eu , some skepticism on banking ... all picked up and used as intimidation by westminster . 
  they 're not going to let that happen next time . 
  the next plan is going to be a really , really good plan . 
  that 's what they 're working on now . 
  it 's going to be a lot better than the unspellchecked shit westminster published about leaving the eu last week . 
  slow and steady . 
   not sure what polls you 're reading . 
  and i 'm not sure what polls you 're reading . 
  point is , polls can say anything . 
   extremely unlikely to happen . 
  any referendum has to be agreed to by both the british and scottish governments , and that 's unlikely to happen until after brexit as the british government is so preoccupied . 
  that 's what i said . 
  they will probably leave , have indyref and then rejoin eu or efta . 
   i highly doubt it . 
  while there is no doubt sympathy for scotland in brussels , them discussing independence possibilities with part of a current member would be a major break in protocol . 
  why would it break protocol ? 
  they would n't be discussing independence possibilities , they would be discussing the formalities of how a country , as a former eu memeber , would go about rejoining the eu after a period of non-membership . 
  he was disorganised . 
  there was no contingency plan for independence , no plan at all ... one of the main reasons people were unprepared to vote to leave the union , ironically the main threat from westminster being `` you 'll be out of the eu and at the end of the ( imaginary , non-existant ) queue . 
  polls can say anything . 
  i read one today saying 61 % of scots would vote for independence . 
  however , i have no doubt that the independence movement will have a more solid approach to their campaign and need to sequence the ordinances of government to ensure there is a proper plan for their independence , unlike salmond . 
  sturgeon is no fool and she is not taking any chances . 
  i would even predict the possibility of scotland leaving the eu with the uk before having an indyref . 
  this would allow them to join back in with the eu . 
  i 'm sure the snp have talks well underway with the eu as we speak in order to ensure that every single contingency is well catered for . 
  england is all over the place right now , scotland is quietly getting organised . 
  uhm , i guess it 's on google . 
  was supreme . 
  may wanted to trigger a50 all by herself , supreme said she needed parliament , but only english . 
  wales , scotland and ni do n't count , obvs . 
  [ the sun is first link ] ( https://www.google.ie/url?sa=t&amp;source=web&amp;rct=j&amp;url=https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/2692299/government-loses-article-50-case-but-supreme-court-rules-theresa-may-doesnt-have-to-consult-scotland-wales-and-northern-ireland-on-triggering-brexit/&amp;ved=0ahukewia88n8__7rahxkimakhsbyaz4qfggcmae&amp;usg=afqjcngsxr3mtlccs8a7t77lgwbhqxpfaq&amp;sig2=estm0zgxrilufiqgsj1scw ), 
  what rag have you gleaned that shit from ? 
  that is all perfect examples of the propaganda that has been hurled at him so often some of it has stuck . 
  he says he 's pro eu but made some euroskeptical statements in the past , so clearly he 's an outright liar and hates europe and every single media has mentioned his name along with euroskeptic so often that many people now believe that . 
  he was very vocally against the snoopers charter , iirc . 
  thanks for the examples of corbyn 's unfair and unjust vilification . 
  he must be a real threat to the powers that be . 
  shame he is being wasted . 
  yes , its a gaelic word meaning ` show ' . 
  totally intentional , no keyboard smashing or autocorrect involved . 
  ( please read last sentence in the donald 's voice ), 
  getting their ducks in a row and ensuring everything is sequenced so they 're not rushed like salmond was .
