  money trumps size . 
  source ... bernie eccleston . 
  then i 'm going to start my own luxury car brand ... with blackjack and hookers . 
  temperature wise , sure , but the winds , man . 
  the winds are chilling . 
  chill you right the bone !, 
  you do n't necessarily need to be concerned to be interested . 
  well , you quite possibly should foster an interest in fringe parties , seeing as how labour has collapsed as an opposition and the conservatives are destroying the united kingdom from within . 
  this is an interesting time to observe politics as things are set to change dramatically with all of the current geopolitical chaos weatminster has created . 
  you might not wonder why so many are not devoting their lives to maintaining a united kingdom by any means necessary . 
  you could just put it down to everyone hating the united kingdom because they hate the united kingdom , if that 's the scope of your intellectual understanding of why things are the way they are . 
  are you not interested in exploring the current political climate and why the uk is at risk of disintegrating ? 
  can you list some topics you consider worthy of posting here ? 
  i will be sure to run everything i read online by you so i can get your seal of approval , since clearly you are the gatekeeper of the correct opinion . 
  no need to ask anyone why they hold a particular stance or discuss changing attitudes and the reasoning behind them . 
  your reasoning and attitude is clearly the only right reasoning and attitude . 
  if scots get it io their head that they would like independence , there is no reason to ask why , let 's just remind them that those opinions are wrong . 
  there is nothing here to say that it is imminent . 
   another issue is how we believe someone like nicola sturgeon when she says she 's done her most to prevent a second independence referendum . 
  really ? 
  well , yeah , she did . 
  and she did that on purpose too . 
  it gives her far more credibility when she follows the correct protocol and is rebuffed and ignored by may . 
  sturgeon did everything by the book . 
  the onky thing may can try to delay the referendum on is her opinion that it is inconvenient for her . 
  she is playing directly into sturgeon 's hands . 
   she 's wanted scottish independence since she was 15 , she 's not a reasonable , unbiased individual who has tried to keep the uk together in any way . 
  gtfo !!!, 
  sturgeon is not a cheerleader of keeping the uk together by any means necessary ? 
  well , you learn something new everyday . 
  i never would have realised that had you not pointed it out . 
  nicola sturgeon wants scottish independence . 
  . . who ever would have thought ? 
  i agree . 
  the whole stance is very wishy washy . 
  `` if scotland votes for independence wales will start to discuss self determination '' . 
  i see it like someone who has no education watching someone go back to university and start studying medicine . 
  they see that maybe they could retrain too but they 're waiting until scotland graduates , gets a job and mortgage approval before they 're willing to enroll . 
  they do n't though . 
  they just trot along and seem to imply that they 're waiting for scotland to do all the work before they would be confident enough to think that they actually do have a right to self determination . 
  what i find interesting is that plaid cymru seem to imply that wales will discuss their right to self determination only if scotland achieve that goal . 
  it 's like someone with seriously low self confidence . 
  what a pun . 
  endearing pizza nazi . 
  in ... . . r/europe ? 
  the uk is said to be charged $ 60 billion on leaving the eu . 
  it 's definitely a burqa . 
  maybe that 's why ? 
  i do n't get the pollution though . 
  we do n't do that , although the liffey is naturally sorta green anyway . 
   istanbul 's former islamist mayor recep tayyip erdogan has gone to prison to serve a conviction for `` inciting hatred based on religious differences '' in a speech he made in siirt nearly a year and a half ago . 
  how the fuck did this guy get into power in the first place ? 
  it 's always putin, 
  [ they changed their minds quite swiftly though ] ( https://www.google.ie/url?sa=t&amp;source=web&amp;rct=j&amp;url=https://www.youtube.com/watch%3fv%3dzvsrcckgrg4&amp;ved=0ahukewjo_dimxt7sahwjlsakhxcmaoqquaiigjaa&amp;usg=afqjcnfhil1sedvglxhk92i3kphjqbwbmg&amp;sig2=fkp8tffe8434fwybhjewlq ), 
  no , silly , in a few years when it 's just post apocalyptic , tory wales and england left and andy murray is happily trying to win medals for independent scotland . 
  what will that team be called ? 
  maybe they play call it lesser britain . 
  i wonder what the team with wales and england will be called . 
  what 's going to happen with the gb olympic team ? 
  ca n't view it . 
  a tory complains about the snp , that 's not a very reliable source . 
  anyone else other than a tory complain about the snp ? 
  any facts or figures ? 
   and yet we hear alot of msps complaining about how the snp are not doing their job . 
  really ? 
  do you have an article about this i could read ? 
   they were elected to govern scotland , not pull it out of the uk , no matter the cost . 
  they are governing scotland . 
  they also were elected with an independence referendum in their manifesto , so , they were elected to do that . 
  it is interesting though that this argument is very suitable when applied to theresa may . 
  she is pulling out of the eu , no matter what the cost . 
  that is definitely not what she was elected by the people of maidenhead to do . 
   which was ( seriously ) ? 
  in relation to hard brexit . 
  she told nicola not to worry on the phone and then announced it on tv later . 
   if the snp vanished tomorrow , i would be extremely happy . 
  who the scots elected to stand for their interests . 
  they 're only doing their job . 
  he looks like a nerd . 
  you should set him to work . 
  demands like wanting to be informed and not lied to by the pm . 
  not to be given one very do significant assurance only to watch her hours later stating the opposite on tv . 
  those demanding scots . 
  if you think they 're being so demanding , why do n't want them to simply leave ? 
  why would anyone oppose scotland joining the eu ? 
  the elected leader of scotland has consistently attempted to compromise with may . 
  she has been ignored . 
  she has also was assured on the phone by may that there would not be a hard brexit only to watch may on television later on that evening announcing a hard brexit . 
  scotland has been literally ignored by westminster since brexit . 
  literally and spitefully . 
  not the response she was looking for . 
  when the majority of scots were asked , how long did they say they would like to wait ? 
  18 minutes ? 
  18 days ? 
  18 weeks ? 
  18 months ? 
  18 years ? 
  180 years ? 
  did you ask the majority of scots if they would like to wait until just before brexit ? 
  or after brexit ?
