  * woman we know all that stuff too . 
  we learn american history in school . 
  from a historical point of view , i found it interesting because i like history , but it 's not even the most interesting part of revolutionary history . 
  i would n't consider it folklore either . 
  just historic propaganda . 
  from a european point of view , american history is extremely vanilla . 
  we have our own folklore . 
  it 's pretty exciting . 
  from what i just read about american folklore on wiki , although this stuff is known , i know about most of it anyway , it 's not that interesting simply because it 's not really that interesting . 
  we also have our own history . 
  yours we know about , but it 's not that exciting . 
  boston tea party to civil war was your golden age in history , and although * fairly * interesting , it 's really not that exciting . 
  yeah , i usually put a bet on . 
  how people choose to practice is what people have a problem with . 
  if you 're peaceful and muslim , no-one would have any reason to have a problem with the religion . 
  what people have a problem with is when islam is practiced to a level that people get hurt and their behaviour is infringed upon because of a religion that is not traditionally native to europe . 
  europe , by and large , is moving away from religion altogether . 
  more and more people in europe do n't believe in any god and if you 're someone who has been raised extremely religiously , like myself , and have come to the conclusion that there is no god , the harmful influences of religion become easily apparent . 
  christianity is what europe was founded on , so that is where the culture comes from , but it is based on accepting others . 
  that is the general attitude and prevailing moral attitude in europe . 
  we 're fine about accepting others but when we 're not accepted on our own turf and told to change our centuries old traditions because they clash with the ` new ' traditions , that 's not really fair . 
  when in rome , you do as the romans do . 
  we do n't feel entitled to see a muslim woman 's body , we 're not asking that anyone walks around naked . 
  it is considered offensive and disrespectful not to show your face to people . 
  it is impossible to communicate with someone as a person if you ca n't see their face . 
  we want to communicate with muslim women as equals . 
  yeah , william is charles ' . 
  harry , on the other hand ... 
  i also read a conspiracy theory years ago claiming he was prince william 's real father !, 
  a certain neighbouring island likes to claim ownership , is all !, 
  thanks for not indulging them, 
  how many illegitimate kids does he ( allegedly ) have ? 
  props for saying gb and ireland . 
  looooooooooow liiiiiiiieee the fields of athenry where once i watched a smaaaaaal freeeeeee biiiird flyyyyyyyyyy ( yo , baby let the free birds fly ), 
  there 's a theory that the australian accent developed because everyone was drunk . 
  [ australian accent as a result of drunk early settlers ] ( https://www.google.ie/url?sa=t&amp;source=web&amp;rct=j&amp;url=http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/australiaandthepacific/australia/11957994/gday-mate-lazy-australian-accent-caused-by-alcoholic-slur-of-heavy-drinking-early-settlers.html&amp;ved=0ahukewjr-bvq84ztahxljsakhd0ect4qfggzmaa&amp;usg=afqjcnginxn7mo4lfaqnywuvkbxmed1eua&amp;sig2=xn_cn2dp7pe749x_ogtomw ), 
  we do , do n't we ? 
  and nods and and flashes to tell people to go and beware if you 're a cunt who does n't wave a thanks back because you will have pissed someone off for at least 3 minutes . 
  i mentioned in a thread on r/askeurope a while ago that we rarely use the horn , unless something dangerous happened . 
  just had an enlightened moment . 
  it 's because we use car sign language and it 's a highly developed code . 
  no conscription in ireland , although they 're currently recruiting for our defense forces , but both genders . 
  retirement and pension age is the same for each gender . 
  i definitely should . 
  i 'm not the sharpest tool in the shed . 
  they did offer rte a part in some other show they were making recently enough and this onky confirmed their suspicions that rte are shit . 
  who would have thought ? 
  ** fact check ** they never offered it to rte cos they knew rte are shite . 
   fr ted writers snubbed rte in favour of channel 4 in gossip by dave coughlan2 february , 2012email email fr ted writers snubbed rte in favour of channel 4 it 's commonly believed that father ted was rejected by rte because the state broadcaster 's conservative chiefs were worried the classic sitcom might upset the catholic church . 
   but the award-winning comedy 's creators have finally set the record straight and revealed they never approached montrose 's commissioning editors , because they did n't think they were up to to the task of producing the hit show . 
   graham linehan said he and co-writer arthur matthews only ever pitched the idea to channel 4 on the advice of their then-landlord , veteran welsh comedian griff rhys jones . 
   but linehan , who moved to london with matthews in the early 90s to write comedy scripts , says most irish people still believe rte rejected their first scripts , forcing them to try their luck with channel 4 , whose bosses went on to commission three series between 1995 and 1998 . 
   he said : `` that 's a rumour that 's been going for 20 years and we ca n't seem to quash it . 
   `` why would we give the scripts to rte ? 
  we just knew they would n't be capable of making a show like ted . '', 
  did n't hear moss ' voice . 
  ca n't remember the reference but now i can hear it perfectly in moss ' voice . 
  i did n't . 
  what is that ? 
  if one enjoys father ted ( and i have yet to meet one who does n't ) , one should check out the it crowd . 
  i think english speaking accents are extremely easy to place . 
  father ted . 
  nah ... the first naked people i say on tv were on eurotrash , but i do n't think that was an irish channel . 
  generally not on the irish channels , especially not on the state ones . 
  i do n't know ... 
  i 've never experienced one . 
  what do you think it feels like ? 
  are you an eu citizen ? 
  in chalet ... praise be to alannah . 
  we did ? 
  how did it pan out ? 
  i 'm one . 
  in armour on horseback ? 
  not enough dress . 
  why thank you , but i do believe you have been slightly misled . 
  ireland has crap weather , not mild weather . 
  it 's allowed but i do n't know anyone , ever in ireland who has been home schooled or has chosen to home school their children . 
  not funny ... non understandable . 
  our abortion laws . 
  in ireland , we call em yanks . 
  why do brexiters and trump supporters always start with `` hahahah '' or `` lol '' and then tell people to `` look at this '' . 
  hahahahaha , lool at the brexiters falacious argument , it thinks it knows something . 
  scottish education and the nhs is not falling further behind tory britain . 
  tory britain is sinking at break neck speeds . 
  it does n't matter though , does it ? 
  you 'll be rid of them soon . 
  and now it looks like there is no government . 
  to be continued ... 
  from afar anyway , the scottish government seem to be very strong , fair and competent . 
  they are struggling with certain issues at the moment but when those issues are resolved and if scotland votes for independence , it 's reasonable to assume ( from a foreign perspective anyway ) that holyrood would be a very competent and fair government . 
  you have the advantage of potentially being able to start everything from scratch and there 's no reason not to believe that a tradition similar to the netherlands can be established in scotland . 
  in an economical sense , they 're lazy and are out for self promotion above all else . 
  the country is bouncing from crisis to crisis in healthcare , housing , the police , to name a few . 
  the party in power has done absolutely nothing . 
  nothing at all . 
  their approach seems to be to wait and see and continue to get paid in the process . 
  however , they 're not the worst and are not out to do anything despicable , i just do n't trust them to run the country as well as could be . 
  no-one as confidence in our country 's leader , who promised to step down after st patrick 's day , however , funnily enough , he 's still there , hanging around . 
  i do n't trust his two other potential replacements either . 
  so , i do n't trust the irish government .
