  that 's not taking them . 
  it can also be breakfast for dinner . 
  are brits * really * europeans anymore ? 
  pizza . 
  with icelandic pineapple . 
  and spanish chorizo . 
  it 's much bendier than the maps . 
  it 's not even the whole truth . 
  the pilgrims were n't fleeing persecution they just did n't think england was pure enough . 
  it was phrased on qi as `` they fled not to flee persecution but to persecute ! '', 
  covered in clouds . 
  as per usual . 
  well , the translation from irish still stands . 
  was n't really a famine . 
  there was plenty of food . 
  it was a starvation . 
  yep . 
  for the sugar plantations . 
  that 's why there are so many `` irish towns '' etc, 
  but these show the population . 
  not who was as english or irish or scottish or welsh , but how many people lived in england and ireland and scotland and wales . 
  i 'm sure there were many irish over in england after the famine . 
  they 're just counted in the population . 
  the census was taken from 1821 . 
  so , yeah , they were pretty comprehensive and anything over 100 years is available to the public . 
  we call you . . little britain ... an bhreatain bheag . 
  and we call you guys breatnais . 
  does n't mean british . 
  just welsh . 
  edit . . also , the surname walsh in irish , i think at one point it meant someone from wales . 
  people often say it like welsh . . in irish it 's breathnach , like kenneth . 
  nah , i think this is just the populations of each country . 
  probably just census information . 
  the censuses have been quite comprehensive for many years . 
  when have you ever known an irish person to report as british ? 
  there 's even a separate box for `` white irish '' on all official forms so we do n't have to identify as british . 
  yeah , it 's totally true . 
  do n't have a source either but i 've heard the exact same thing numerous times ... potatoes and butter / buttermilk provides all nutritional needs . 
  you can survive for life on that diet . 
  oh , is it the one they voted on a while ago ? 
  yeah , me too . 
  i wonder how difficult it will be for tourists to get visas . 
  no , it 's just saxon . 
  dunno why the gaels did n't rate the angles . 
  i dunno , just popped into my head . 
  i know there are plenty of people who speak bengali in east london , for example . 
  there definitely are populations in the uk who speak other languages . 
  they 're just not the brits . 
  pull ourselves down to the bay of biscay ? 
  sure is an idea . 
  in england he is ` the lord protector ' . 
  yeah , well , that too . 
  meaning , links to westminster , i suppose . 
  whoever england gave the land to . 
  there were a whole series of plantations that came from all over england and scotland . 
  the first ones were english , the ulster plantations were scots . 
  basically the protestant ascendency is whoever they were , and they were n't irish , so , you 're correct . 
  munster and leinster plantations were generally english . 
  anyone who came after were just whoever the english planted there . 
  blocking aid and relief did n't help either . 
  it 's almost as if they wanted the irish to die , cos they saw the irish as sub human savages who deserved to die . 
  't was a joke . 
  i believe the one i responded to was a joke too , but maybe they were being sincere . 
  yes . 
  the fact that the irish were all displaced and all the land was gifted to english landlords and everyone was heralded over to the worst land on the west coast and the penalty laws led to the conditions that caused the great famine . 
  the 96 % of the land was owned by the protestant ascendency ( ie , english planters who had been given the land ) and the irish lived on tiny plots of awful land , potatoes being the only crop they could grow to feed all their families . 
  when the blight hit , only potatoes were affected , but there was plenty of food . 
  only , the irish were not allowed to have any . 
  he killed about 1/3 of the population , displaced the rest , drove everyone west , coined the phrase `` to hell or to connacht '' , literally meaning you could die or move west . 
  literally . 
  this caused the conditions that caused the famine . 
  described by stephen fry as `` the hitler of ireland ! '', 
  poor people who were stuck on the bus . 
  there 's always sperm donation . 
  that might work . 
  they 're very very similar . 
  sasanach is the irish translation for a saxon . 
  spellings are slightly different due to different standardisations at various points in either place , but they 're similar as fuck . 
  the english took the irish lands by force and installed planted english landlords . 
  the irish were tenant farmers to the landlords and given the worst land , which they were required by law to subdivide between their children , so the onky crop that could grow and feed their families in these tiny plots of the worst of soil was potatoes . 
  so , that 's why potatoes.the country was growing plenty of all other types of crops , but these were all exported to england , escorted by the english army to prevent the starving people from getting any . 
  `` the great starvation '' would be a suitable translation . 
  give it time, 
  because you keep calling it that . 
  and the name change was only internationally discussed as part of the gfa . 
  so , we just have to remind them . 
   ; it seems you guys are literally the only ones on the continent to refute the naming of this group of islands . 
  cos it 's our island . 
  we are the ones who get to decide what we 're called . 
  simple really . 
  in irish we call the english saxons and the country saxony . 
  ( well , sasana and na sasanaigh ), 
  look , it 's galway . 
  this is literally the best we can do . 
  do n't mock us . 
  we 're miserable enough cos of the weather . 
  yes , our standards are much higher than the uk . 
  it depends how well you did , of course , but if you got an a1 in leaving certificate french , for example , you can speak , write and comprehend french pretty well . 
  it 's not comparable to a level standard . 
  the irish system is absolutely nothing like the uk system .
