  ah , it 'll just be a longer phoney war . 
  i bet they 'll be awesome . 
  my mistake , been all day since i read the article . 
  yeah , got that . 
  but 2.6 million of the fund has come from nokia . 
   what has romania ever contributed to the eu or switzerland ? 
  not really the eu spirit , is it ? 
  and the un human rights commission and the council of europe . 
  it does n't matter , they do n't listen . 
  it 's in the constitution and it 's easier to keep it that way than to change it . 
  so , is it a fund for redundancies and pensions and also to help themm find new jobs ? 
  or just to find new jobs . 
  either way , it 's a reasonable figure for a company like nokia . 
   no. 1 abortion has not been around for millennial that is false http://ancientstandard.com/2007/03/23/abortions-in-the-greek-world-5th-c-bc/ although extremely unsafe , it has been around for millenia . 
  the alternative was infanticide , which we can all agree is actually killing children . 
   no. 2 there is very few false facts provided by irish pro life groups i would even say there is more on the pro choice side the so called strike for repeal for instance https://www.theguardian.com/world/2010/jan/28/ireland-abortion http://www.thejournal.ie/simon-harris-crisis-pregnancy-clinic-2966473-sep2016/ also the case of dr anthony levatino , an american anti abortion activist , who used to perform abortions , who was asked by the citizen 's assembly to refrain from using emotive , unfactual language , presented as fact at his presentation to the assembly . 
   no. 3 that reporter did make the cut but he was never happy fulfilling the `` give em what they want not what they need '' articles or he is out of touch with the pulse of the nation ? 
  many reasons , but , whatever . 
  random anecdotal evidence gained from a randomer means nothing . 
   no. 4 every year less and less women travel to england for abortions no. 5 as i said 60 % of the irish people want abortion to remain illegal or to make it more lenient rather than people killing the baby with no voice to speak for itself because the abortion pill is now more readily available and women can now perform illegal at home abortions . 
  because women are now travelling to the netherlands as well ? 
  france has also purportedly become a destination . 
  regardless , women are still choosing abortion . 
  a significant amount of women are still choosing abortion . 
  the problem has merely been exported . 
   no. 5 as i said 60 % of the irish people want abortion to remain illegal source ? 
   or to make it more lenient rather than people killing the baby with no voice to speak for itself embryo usually . 
  no , of course an embryo does n't have a voice . 
  but a woman does . 
  and she should have a right to have her voice heard . 
   no. 6 please educate yourself you can not just have a referendum out of the blue without first having all legal and legislative paperwork drawn and without informing the entire public on what they are voting for if such a thing happens people will not know what they are voting for and it will be a return to the lisbon treaty which required two referendums and they both had different outcomes this is what the citizens assembly on abortion has been tasked with doing . 
   no. 7 the government is real life the laws and constitution of ireland is real life the processes that are required to take place are real life to completely disregard these democratic process is fascist and fantasy so is the un human rights commission , who made recommendations to the irish government regarding the current laws . 
  as is the european council , who made the same recommendations . 
  a fascist government disregards the choices citizens are entitled to make . 
  sort out your formatting . 
  it 's called ` propaganda ' . 
  so , why are the people not allowed to decide ? 
  why is the debate not allowed to take place ? 
  have a referendum on the issue . 
  whatever bias you are referring to , and i would actually consider the anti abortion sides to be more biased , since they use deliberately falsified and misleading emotivd information , the facts remain the facts . 
  it is a fact that irish women choose abortion every day . 
  it is a fact that those who are most vulnerable or restricted are the ones who wish to make the decision , regardless of your personal beliefs , and are denied because they lack autonomy or money or the freedom to travel . 
  this includes people who are wards of state , the very poor and those who are not eu nationals . 
  it is a fact that women know about the procedure and choose this option . 
  it is a fact that sometimes it is medically necessary for the life of the mother . 
  it is a fact that women in ireland are forced to continue unviable pregnancies and must give birth , only for the fetus to die and the mother 's health be severely adversely affected . 
  it is a fact that women who are raped sometimes become pregnant and according to irish law , should be forced to bear a child for their rapist . 
  see the x case where a child was essentially being forced to bear a child for her rapist . 
  at 14 years old . 
  had she not miscarried , she would have had his child , at 14 , for her rapist . 
  a man who was subsequently charged with more false imprisonment and sexual assaults of minors . 
  these are a small sample of some of the facts . 
  speaking to a former journalist who did n't make the cut is hardly evidence that a movement to bring ireland 's abortion laws in line with the rest of europe is a trend . 
  it will only be a trend for as long as women are faced with pregnancy , as pregnancy comes with complications . 
  abortion has been around for millenia and it 's not going away . 
  calling it a trend is probably just because of naivety and personal confirmation bias . 
  so , this post is totally a drill . 
  so , melenchon is n't likely to be next president . 
  it 's likely to be macron ? 
  alien conspiracy ? 
  so , what is the french election structure ? 
  who goes against who in the first rounds ? 
  fillon , le pen , macron and melenchon ... is it just the two who get the majority in the first rounds or are they paired against eachother or how does that work ? 
  would this referendum be specifically about leaving the eu ? 
  does he really want france to leave the eu ? 
  which is n't right either . 
  all believers in supernatural voodoo should be subject to the same scrutiny . 
  and the links between religious ideology and the links to certain behaviours should be discussed openly . 
  yep . 
  that kind old god who makes all suffer , especially poor children . 
  they 're not praying hard enough . 
  literally . 
  people are screaming on the street not for abortion but for a referendum . 
  it 's a crime against humanity imo . 
  not allowing it , that is . 
  imagine being forced to carry to term and give birth to a fetus with microcephaly that you know will die soon after birth anyway . 
  or any fetus , for that matter . 
  nope . 
  [ i think this ought to cover it ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/eighth_amendment_of_the_constitution_of_ireland ) [ this case is interesting too ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/attorney_general_v._x ) it established the right of a woman to travel , thus giving her the right to get an abortion . 
  before that , you could expressly be prevented from travelling if it was feared you were attempting to get an abortion . 
  this case is where abortion in cases of the risk of dath\u00fail of the mother was legislated for [ savita 's death ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/death_of_savita_halappanavar ) [ this gives a broad overview of abortion in ireland ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/abortion_in_the_republic_of_ireland ) they 're all from wiki but i think that should cover it quite well . 
  yes and it has only been very recently legislated for abortions in the case of risk to the mother 's , as a result of a woman 's death under such circumstances . 
  in my opinion , the woman who is pregnant should have a right to whatever options are available in accordance with current medical developments . 
  the choice should always lie with the woman , as it is her body . 
  however , that is not the case in ireland . 
  the moment of conception is constitutionally defined as the moment of personhood . 
  very sad . 
  rip . 
  how often does the church of greece interfere with the workings of the governemnt ? 
  we do , the right to life is constitutionaly inshrined from the moment of conception . 
  the embryo is guaranteed the same right to life as the mother . 
  basically , women can not abort in any case . 
  his is opinion is as valid to our opinions , only in relation to themselves . 
  my opinion is more valid than yours to me . 
  if i get pregnant , the only opinion that would inform my decision on what to do next is my own opinion , not yours . 
  this is true in ireland , where the lobbying groups against abortion and the church influence is strong . 
  regardless of those opinions and the difficulty in accessing abortion , women from ireland get them everyday . 
  so , there is clearly a demand for the medical procedure in ireland . 
  stopping the procedure being performed in ireland because of someone else 's reasons does not stop the reasons women decide to have abortions . 
  for what ?
