  excellent . 
  every time she opens her mouth she loses more votes . 
  ... is she saying the policies of the last successive governments have created this problem and have no effective way to deal with the problem they have created ? 
  i think saudi probably funds it a little bit more . 
  the public does n't tend to praise halawi or his family . 
  there 's the varadkar we all know and hate . 
  but you were fairly confident labelling george bernard shaw as scotch-irish-american . 
  which you still see nothing wrong with , despite having it pointed out to you . 
  you 're actually priceless . 
  am i a scotch , since you 're so good at explaining ? 
  or am i scotch-american through my english , quaker great grandmother ? 
  so ... you think an anglo irish person , a dubliner , george bernard shaw identified as scotch-irish-american ? 
  this is fucking hilarious . 
  more please . 
  the link you posted says she was born in macedonia and is only considered indian because she spent so much of her later life there . 
  she was ethically , concerts you are so find of the concept , albanian . 
  probably 100 % , but i do n't know what her ancestry dna results said . 
  george bernard shaw identified as scotch irish american ? 
  yeats too ? 
  mother teresa was albanian . 
  ah , come on . 
  conveney is dull . 
  he is a very dull man . 
  enda had twat mannerisms . 
  people are n't picking this stuff up because of some inherent bias to their respective counties . 
  they pick it up because coveney is bland and enda is a twat . 
  it 's that simple . 
  same way anyone , regardless of your opinion on varadkar , will say he has presence and panache . 
   do we need to talk about our other gay leader ? 
  no , i do n't think so , do you think we need to talk about it ? 
  but the other one has actively built a family life , so it ca n't be talked about officially . 
  unofficially , it 's well known but equally no-one gives a shit . 
  me too poor labour . 
  at least my last labour candidate ran off and became president . 
  i suggest you post that article on r/northernireland they 'll be happy to help you out and clear up any doubt you may have . 
  as evidenced by [ this thread ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/northernireland/comments/6du0bo/nationalists_here_should_pay_attention_to_corbyn/ ), 
  [ eh , give this a read and get back to me . 
  ] ( https://out.reddit.com/t3_6egx4w?url=http%3a%2f%2fwww.morningstaronline.co.uk%2fa-e3ba-i-served-in-northern-ireland-and-corbyns-understanding-of-the-troubles-has-been-proven-right-by-history&amp;token=aqaaeukwwabqti7ukv2_qqqxqzczik55hiez84hc0e0gxmv73zzx&amp;app_name=reddit.com ) reading utterly misguided and factually incorrect `` opinions '' of ni and completely failing to understand the regions issues is exactly what started the troubles in the first place . 
  whoever wrote that has n't got a clue about anglo irish history and has the neck to literally rewrite history with perfectly unfounded statements that are so glaringly wrong that there is nothing more you can do but roll your eyes and know that someone like that is bloody ignorant ...  as it happened , there was a military/intelligence solution to the conflict . 
  seriously ? 
  he condemned all bombings by the ira as well as all loyalist bombings . 
  pretty sound anti ira sentiment as well as going even further and providing sound across the board condemnation of violence in ni . 
  yeah , they mean ** our ** passports . 
  that 's . 
  . . considerate of them . 
  who could have predicted such a thing ? 
  i 'll have one please . 
  loud and really lacking in general understanding ... simpler . 
  this will help stoke the independence movement . 
  i really like the interactive component to that article . 
  yeah , i 'd never heard of it before and i also was confused by the logic until someone pointed out that there are historical reasons for it , like to legitimise births due to the death of a fiance and allows the widow rights to pensions and such . 
  it dates back to ww1 , so , til [ wiki ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/posthumous_marriage ), 
  love a bitta necrogamy alright . 
  just found out this was possible [ wiki ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/posthumous_marriage ), 
  i appreciate the symbology of the event and sympathise with the policeman 's family and partner , but how is it possible to posthumously marry someone ? 
  looks very 1980s trumpesque luxury . 
  less ridiculous, 
  his decor is not up to standard . 
  that 's a crap office . 
  i was totally expecting something fabulous . 
  diana was fairly against british arms dealing . 
  what the fuck was with that trump handshake ? 
  i wonder why, 
  in the neon ? 
  well , i 'm not running out to find her stylebook , but maybe the highlighter bloc of colour is positively distracting . 
  you think the lizard people do n't know ? 
  i know , i only got halfway through and was impressed by the simplistic and accurate representation but i could n't listen to him attempt seanad one more time . 
  the problem is wahibism , a doctrine paid for and aggressively preached by the saudi arabians . 
  the problem is it 's very easy to raise an entire population to anger when they have been displaced and bombed to bits . 
  the problem is the divisiveness of religion in general and the way in which it can be used as a means to spread these ideas . 
  the same would happen to a group of catholics if you maligned them from society and unfairly bombed them to bits , or lutherans or whatever , if they were denied a reasonable education and we 're divided from society because of their religion . 
  the problem is the british empire has done a great job dividing and reinforcing the divisive ideals . 
  imagine if muslims still lived side by side in india with sihks and there was no pakistan ? 
  the problem encompasses islam , but it is only a means by which maligned , displaced and poorly educated angry people find their identity and are preyed upon by hateful doctrine . 
  saudi arabia has an awful lot to do with this , although their hands are seen to be clean . 
  so do their allies who allow this to happen and continue to deal arms with them . 
  david icke article ? 
  she also claimed she healed a deaf man by praying for him . 
  probably but they still like varadkar . 
  how is varadkar like david cameron ? 
  i am not just made varadkar is n't left wing . 
  what a little shit you are . 
  you 're obviously not irish and have no idea what goes on in irish politics . 
  no , i think most of the people who voted against ssm , or a lot anyway , we 're my parents generation ( my parents voted no ) who voted against it because of the catholic church approach of `` traditional family model '' . 
  and that 30 % are older and roscommon types . 
  the rural , traditional , older , catholic voter tends to love varadkar . 
  heard a piece on it on the radio yesterday . 
  if anything , this is being used politically by varadkar , along with every other dingle thing he does , to hide his blatant conservatism and disregard for women 's rights , poor people and actually doing any work . 
  they are my opinions of him as a politician . 
  in fact , i think it illustrates the dichotomy between fg 's conservative agenda and the use of left wing ideology of their electorate . 
  progress is not caring about sexuality , it does n't matter . 
  which is a box i think we 've ticked figuratively and literally . 
  varadkar is n't an example of that , as we 've proved to the world and ourselves that sexuality is none of our business and nothing to be ashamed of . 
  electing varadkar is still the opposite of progress . 
  we can judge him on the same criteria , with his sexuality having nothing to do with it , and he still comes out smelling like feces . 
  varadkar is a bad egg . 
  i even reckon he 's conservative enough not to have declared his secuality except that he was sure the country did n't give a shit about it . 
  he only delcared his hmosexuality when same sex marriage was miles ahead and sure to win , he did n't campaign for it before hand . 
  varadkar as taoiseach is the opposite of progress . 
  but , but , but ... varadkar is the worst type of conservative politician ever.he knows that bulk of the irish population is n't homophobes or racist , so he uses it in his campaign to power ... and his campaign is very literally against the poor and for the rich .
