  they reason they finally know now is because westminster are basically doing the campaigning for independence , pro eu sentiment and support for the snp and nicola sturgeon . 
  even the labour opposition of the current westminster government are insulting the scots about their reasons behind their desire for independence . 
  it 's the same reason sinn f\u00e9in won so many seats in the north !, 
  they literally did nothing , arlene foster and the dup did all the recruiting for them . 
  sturgeon is to may what o'neill is to foster , both of the formers taking the higher moral ground by letting the latter get in with their own self destructive corruption , bigotry and propaganda . 
  labour is doing all the work to turn scotland into a pro independent majority . 
  all of the moderates who may have voted to stay in the uk because if uncertainty in the last referendum are seeing that this uncertainty was actually what they voted for , so people are being pushed towards favouring independence . 
  may has done a great job pissing the scots off by ignoring their pleas and treating the devolved governments like they 're just pawns anyway , telling them to stfu . 
  scotland most likely will vote for independence in the next referendum . 
  may and labour are reinforcing the concept that london knows nothing and cares little about scotland and a home government , ruling itself would be capable of creating a model that works best for scotland and not as apiece designed to suffer to the greater good of the uk . 
  exactly . 
  what a hypocrite . 
  canada ... a sound bunch of lads . 
  but it 's okay . 
  unemployment has never been lower . 
  soon to be known as ` the barcelona dog ' . 
  and then to get rid of the cat population , they can bring in snakes . 
  romanians or roma ? 
  yup . 
  it is just an opinion . 
  my opinion is that many doctors will leave the nhs and uk as neither conditions are favourable for them and they will be appreciated elsewhere with better living and working conditions . 
  that seems like a very likely scenario , seeing as , according to the medical council , 60 % are considering leaving ( not medicine but the uk ) and considering the current political climate , many will leave . 
  many will get jobs elsewhere and go . 
  if 60 % are considering it then there is plenty of scope for even a quarter of that to follow through and go where their passports afford them the right to live without fear of stability and a health system which is not being intentionally starved of resources by the governemnt , that is my opinion . 
  maybe not all but some will leave . 
  they will find it hard to find replacements . 
  i did n't say we could predict the winner , i said that article had more substance than the sky news report that i watched last night at the same time as reading that article that said she could win . 
  how the fuck do i know if she 'll win or not ? 
  i do n't know and i do n't pretend to . 
  i was comparing two different takes . 
  i 'm a civil engineer , so , pretty good scores always . 
  anyway , point still stands . 
  doctors are treated like shit in the uk , now they live in civil uncertainty . 
  why would they stay ? 
  there might be . 
  since when does the eea mean eastern europe ? 
   that same month , he told may at a meeting of non-u.k. bank chiefs in davos , switzerland , that she needed to secure a lengthy transition period guaranteeing ongoing access for all u.k. companies to the single market . 
  she 's not doing that , so the lower figure does not seem likely . 
  i 'm literally watching a sky news report saying that she will be next president . 
  this article has a little more substance and a lot less spin . 
  on another note , i really like france 's system of electing a president . 
  makes sense . 
  ah , be nice . 
  he could breathe , he just could n't chew or talk . 
  you should have said so ... the butcher 's apron . 
  those croatians . 
  well , as long as you get something out of it , fuck everyone else . 
  i 'm guessing it does n't require a university education . 
  just wait until the nhs goes and you need private insurance , price of food and other necessities rises and your taxes are increased . 
  except now their status is not secure and they 're treated like shit and badly paid by the nhs , considering moving is a wise , if not advised career and lifestyle choice now . 
  fake news , people . 
  fake . 
  made up . 
  you just said that eu citizens should have predicted seismic changes in their status years in advance . 
  by that logic jews should have predicted changes in their status years in advance too . 
  i love your typical brexit arguments though ... you made that up , fake news , fake . 
  my standard of living will be great . 
  nice to see you happy in your small brain bubble . 
  jews were supposed to predict the nuremberg laws before they were enacted same as eu citizens were supposed to predict a change in residency rules ? 
  yeah , you do seem like the type of person to think that . 
  that 's the stuff that is actually made up . 
  i suppose it was the fault of jews in germany that they did not predict they 're fate too ? 
  they should have predicted genocide as perfectly functioning members of society and german citizens . 
  he was abiding by the rules . 
  they have changed them . 
  can you predict your standards of living drastically falling in the next few years ? 
  cos you should , the evidence is there for that , although i 'm guessing that 's made up too . 
  as an eu citizen married to a brit , he would have had to have been psychic . 
  well , this article seems to be a good indication that it probably will . 
  those laws are new . 
  he is an eu citizen . 
  in 2012 these rules and laws did not exist . 
  yes , it is too much to ask a scientist to be psychic and predict a seismic shift in the residency laws 4 years later . 
  not fair at all ... but when did fairness come into it ? 
  cuntish enough , i think is the right description . 
  and yet spaniards will be deported from the uk . 
  who could predict that ? 
  because the rules have suddenly changed . 
  people could n't predict that . 
  it 's the same as telling all eu citizens to leave spain . 
  it 's not something people would expect . 
  speaking of which , i wonder what will happen to brits in spain . 
  but he 's french and is married to a uk ~ ~ resident ~ ~ citizen . 
  those rules are new . 
  how was he supposed to know in 2012 that the rules would change ? 
  that he would need to continuously reside in the uk despite having an eu passport ? 
  he 's fucking insane and out of touch with reality . 
  yeah , offices and stuff , only in dublin . 
  that does n't help people . 
  put it this way , housing and accommodation is twenty steps behind and is only going to get worse and worse . 
  [ the iei 's extremely measured response ] ( http://www.engineersjournal.ie/2017/02/28/rebuilding-ireland-housing-crisis/ ) so , when the next batch of houses are built , they 're way behind demand and how many are going to be bought as investment properties by people who can afford to ? 
  on the continent you can rent and live a life . 
  here , if you rent , you 're pissing all your wage away on a room , ca n't save for a deposit and are forgotten and stuck . 
  there is no privacy or standard to be attained . 
  do it . 
  i moved back home to ireland for a job as i was assured `` things were changing '' . 
  they 're not and i regret it as there just is no quality of life . 
  there 's no standard and our age is forgotten . 
  go to spain and have fun and sun . 
  i do n't believe it , honestly .
