   sure man , the rest of the europe is a sharia shithole ruled by balkan mafia ... 
  some parts of paris are ? 
  to be fair one type 45 should do it . 
   it would be interesting to see how the spanish operated harpoon missiles would wage against the british navy . 
  i would be far more interested in seeing british nukes hitting spanish mainland ,, 
  in what possible way could spain take gibraltar ? 
   because spain is a very pacifist society the word your looking for is weak . 
  not sure why your being downvoted ? 
  the spanish handed it over to us ... 
   they are literally living on a rock surrounded by eu territory . 
  voting remain was the obvious choice . 
  only really to the north ? 
  well said . 
   kickass flag too . 
  really ? 
  i think it looks a bit shit . 
   spain is more powerful than the u.k. at this point -- as a member state of the european union  you guys are literally `` little england '' we have 220 nukes that say different , we have one of the best navys in the world ,, 
  better to be trapped on british land than spanish !, 
  we are not the beggars . 
  we are simply taking what is ours . 
  for wanting our fair share in something we paid for ? 
  why ? 
   let me guess , you think main occupation of easterners is to steal western money and beg for more . 
  i did n't say that , but its a simple fact that they have taken far more out than they paid in ? 
  2,864,974 more votes than donald trump ... how many of them from mexicans with no right to vote ? 
   it did improve lives in eastern europe !, 
  paid for with western money . 
  yes she has ... 
  her in london just after being attacked by the left , http://l7.alamy.com/zooms/84cd7b47ef394844b085d6fb22024e8d/london-uk-24th-june-2016-lauren-southernc-a-canadian-libertarian-commentator-g3h3pt.jpg her in belgium https://i.ytimg.com/vi/2swabeuccbw/maxresdefault.jpg in italy http://www.thelibertyconservative.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/lauren-and-co.png, 
   britsh military were legitimate targets , in the same way irish civilians are legitimate targets ? 
   never been to europe yes she has ? 
   laura southerns she is very pretty ,, 
  why ? 
  no , but there is a overall european culture , then sub cultures within that ? 
  1000 's of years of europe culture ? 
  http://cdn2-www.dogtime.com/assets/uploads/gallery/german-shepherd-dog-breed-pictures/standing-7.jpg http://cdn3-www.dogtime.com/assets/uploads/2011/01/file_23124_pug-460x290.jpg both are dogs , but not the same . 
   why has n't britain united with the other european states ? 
  because we do n't need to ? 
   why does it think it 's sooooo special ? 
  because it is ? 
   they never liked other europeans anyways ... after 1000 's of years of war what do you expect ? 
  that doesnt really work with brick buildings , they heat up warming the inside , the best thing to do is to have the windows open to let the heat out . 
   i once had to explain to a friend from northern europe that he really really needed to close the shutters and windows during the day . 
  he was shocked and did not want to do it `` it was dark , it was depressing '' . 
  that only works in buildings designed for the heat , more northern european homes are built with different materials that are designed to hold the heat in , having the windows open is smarter in the heat in the north . 
  that 's not a bad idea ,, 
   also from trade that was very preferential for uk and outweighed the member 's contribution that uk paid that depends on your point of view . 
   eu is n't some charity , really ? 
  because the uk has paid far far more into than it has very got out ? 
   bloody wankers have always caused problems really ? 
  like ww2 ? 
  or problems with the amount of money we have spent on poland since you joined ? 
  we have taken down europe twice before ;-), 
   i remember when i was young calais had a rep for being a chique/pleasant area . 
  now it 's known for being full of migrants . 
  damn . 
  im 33 , when i was in my late teens we used to get the boat over to spend the day chilling outside one of the nice cafes , did a little shopping and would head home from there . 
   eally , so that 's the strategy we 're going for ? 
  we 're gon na wait decades for them to run out of money ? 
  what do you think should be done ? 
   ok what about boer concentration camps , amritsar massacre , partitioning of india , the mau mau uprising and the famines in india and in which one of these was the british trying to wipe out the whole race ? 
  touched a nerve, 
  its not racist to like your own culture and not want it to change in a way you dont like ? 
  yes , but we did n't trying to gas every single one of them like your grandad did . 
  i love the irish , do n't ever start fights unless its with themselves . 
   i personally would n't want them integrating.they need to go back home . 
  spain would be bankrupt overnight if all the old british left taking thier pension money with them . 
   you ca n't fuck people 's countries up and expect nothing to happen . 
  coming from turkey lol /, 
  agreed . 
   how do you figure that ? 
  your entire history is about oppressing other cultures . 
  every country has done that , your just upset you come from the losing side . 
   alcoholism sorry that 's scottish not british . 
   bad food british food is some of the best in the world ? 
  when was the last time the british tried to kill a whole race of people ? 
   wait what did you just say . 
  our empire was one of the worst empires in the world . 
  we massacred people like pigs . 
  at no point did we try to kill a whole race of people . 
  if it would help stop it happening again ? 
   nationalistic and xenophobic there is nothing wrong with being nationalistic and there is nothing xenophobic about looking after your own people first . 
   the instant reaction is ireland are the winners of brexit so far . 
  ive worked for the last 12 years in the finance sector and no one is feeling that ,, 
  you really think that happen in like 9 months ? 
  they are planing years ahead for things like this , so jobs will go , for sure , but others will be relocated to london . 
  it does n't say why they where deported ? 
  or what visa 's they already had ? 
   they got as screwed as the muslims who voted for trump and ended up with their own families getting deported . 
  yes , im sure that really happens . 
   still a one way street though - iirc it 's not so easy for most aussies to come here , not the other round unless they 're on a working visa . 
  not really , aussies coming here are normaly low skilled ( bar/admin ) while british going there have to have skills they are in need of . 
  or to send them home ? 
  agreed . 
   ` dirty foreigner ' tax its not really a dirty foreigner tax , its a tax to make sure that british people with the skills to do the job get the jobs first , there is nothing wrong with that . 
  theres nothing stooping special agreements with the commonwealth , or any other any nation . 
   financial companies are already bailing out , thats not true at all lol, 
  good . 
  hanging is cheaper . 
  are you fucking joking ?
