no , its british , and unless you want a couple of nukes up your ass you should really move on . 
   gibraltar is n't worth a war you dumbass !, 
  yes it is ? 
   do n't talk about the war !, 
  why ? 
  but that works both ways . 
  that still would n't stop the eu having a tax haven on its doorstep ? 
  well what do you think the eu can do ? 
   that eu will let tax haven of some outside country run unfettered right next door ? 
  the eu doesnt really have much of a choice does it ? 
   how do you try to murder someone when your lying on the ground injured ? 
  these animals like those ? 
   he executed an unarmed , injured person . 
  replace the word person with enemy - these enemy are sub human  he 's a disgusting degenerate . 
  i agree the afghan in this case was a disgusting degenerate . 
  quick question , have you ever be in battle ? 
  so thats a yes then ? 
   murdering someone makes someone a murderer . 
  not if they are trying to murder you ,, 
   since when have we in the uk looked at what the taliban are doing for our moral guidance maybe if we had the lose of british life would be lower ? 
  are you like 14 years old or something ? 
  you see the way the world works over time ? 
  you see where things go wrong and the way things work ? 
  the fact you do n't understand the importance of life experience is the reason your view is less important ? 
  did you not see what those dirty afganies were doing to wounded soldiers ? 
   believe that when you 're at war , you can do whatever the fuck you like to anybody , especially if they 're foreign not to anybody , but to the enemy yes ? 
   some war criminal , who cares you mean british hero, 
   not the main topic , but why on earth would a woman be happy that her husband fucking murdered a dude ? 
  its not murder , its killing the enemy ? 
   it was nice having you in the eu , even though you were a pain in the ass at times . 
  didnt seem so much of a pain to you when we was paying for everyone else did it ? 
   we will be fine even without you . 
  not sure how well you will fare without us . 
  did fine before , will do fine again ,, 
  agreed, 
   and it will continue to fall . 
  unlikely , the pound will rise a little over the next 12 months , so will the dollar , the euro on the other hand is in trouble . 
   ( finally no special treatment anymore ! ), 
  and finally no more of the uk paying for all the poor/crap nations in the eu !, 
   been a dead weight 40 years . 
  except for all that money we payed to cover all the poor eu nations ? 
   great day for europe , yes , i am sure losing all that money the uk sends to the eu is such a great day . 
  good for you , i was 32 and voted out ,, 
  so it makes you 18 now , with no life experience and you think you have a better idea what is best for the uk than those that have lived and worked in it ? 
  :-) we can still be friends !, 
  thanks buddy !, 
  good times !, 
  we really wo n't, 
  coming from ireland ? 
  the british, 
  thanks dude , greetings back from the uk !, 
   well it was a nice run , wish all my eu bros luck . 
  hopefully we can come grovelling back at some point after realizing how fucking stupid this is but i 'm not holding my breath . 
  twat, 
  we really wo n't . 
  then leave ? 
  yes , because killing the enemy makes you a murderer , and how does the uk leaving the eu show a disregard of the law ? 
   i never said you should n't be allowed to leave , but i do think your exit was dishonest and dishonorable . 
  again strange choice of word , dishonest and dishonorable ?? 
  really we was open and honest about not being happy with the way the eu was going , nothing changed , what did you expect us to do ? 
   even a voluntary agreement has weight and you are now reneging . 
  an agreement that had the right to leave , that 's the whole point of article 50 , if it does n't work out for a nation in the eu they have the right to leave ,  the fact that 1 euro member above ( above all others ) spent the better part of a decade destabilizing the middle east is a joke . 
  that same country now refuses to acknowledge any responsibility and is using the cost of the consequences as an excuse to wash its hands of the whole matter . 
  fuck off , the middle east always has been a war rages shit hole , and if you want to talk about consequences , how about when german said it would take in all those people , then after saying that demanded that other country 's talk some of the people , those same people that are raping and murdering people across the eu ? 
   idk why but we do n't really like english politicians over here . 
   they feel like backstabbers but then again it 's their right to do so and i respect that . 
  i do n't see why ? 
  the uk was open about being unhappy with the way the eu was going , we asked for changes , the eu took the piss with what was offered so we decided we would leave ? 
  what was the eu expecting ? 
  in no way was that backstabbing , if anything i am surpassed the uk waited for so long why paying so much . 
  the eu is a voluntary organisation , we have no legal/moral need to stay in it just because other european counties want us to . 
  the fact that 5 country 's in the eu are paying more than 50 % if the cost is a joke , eastern europe is taking the piss but expecting other country 's to fund them . 
  how is not staying in something we do n't want stabbing someone in the back ? 
   at least this shows the whole world that when times are a bit tough you can always count on a brit to stab you in the back . 
  in what way are we stabbing you in the back , we just do n't want to be part of your falling club . 
  your croatian right ? 
  in that case you have no place taking the piss out of the uk ,, 
   that would n't be so if they had n't been such dickbags and compromised even the tiniest of amounts . 
  the same can be said of the eu - uk, 
  every british citizen had the same right to vote ... 
  i dont see why anyone would be angry ? 
  i loved my 8310 , had it for like 5 years ... 
  why ? 
   and can we expect soon after that that the armed police in spain starts kicking out well tanned uk pensioners out of their villas and deports them to their cold rainy homeland ? 
  just a shame that spain needs all the money british pensioners put into spain . . , . 
  so we should just let anyone in without checking them ? 
  the city has been the financial capital of the world long before the eu . 
  but the eu is a net loss to us ? 
  in what way ? 
   you know we won the war against argentina right ? 
  without nuking anyone . 
  yeah but at the cost of how many british lives ? 
   that 's rich coming from a country which subsidizes its royal family !, 
  you should be the ones who understand the importance of common symbolism . 
  the royal family pay more into the country than it gets out , we dont subsidizes them at all . 
  better to kill them than to lose british lives . 
  we really should have , it fact we should have just keep nuking a city at a time until argentina withdraw from the falklands . 
   yeah , it 's embarrassing . 
  you just know it was made by a committee who took years arguing over how far apart the stars should be . 
  and think of the cost of that committee ,,
