   how people can continue to vote for the conservatives or labour after all this has come out boggles my mind . 
  they implemented the immigration policy that caused this for gods sake and who do you think would do better ? 
  what ? 
  the eu wont last another 50 years lol . 
  so you would be ok with the ruk keeping a share of the northsea oil ? 
   we could use our share of the boe to back it . 
  you dont have a share of the boe , if you leave you just lose it . 
  lots of people do ? 
  i had my leg cut open , they would n't take the ehic , had to pay cash and claim back though my travel insurance , happens all the time . 
   eu will create a parallel agency which will subsume esa 's role . 
  with what money ? 
  remember the eu is losing a large income as soon as we go. ,, 
  we plan to . 
  whats the name , would be interested in watching that . 
   imagine getting to order a free health insurance card ( ehic ) that basically gives you free healthcare pretty much everywhere in the eu . 
  it is absolutely fantastic !, 
  try using that in spain lol, 
  the uk owes a share of the esa , we could just veto it . 
  the uk would just veto that ,, 
   that 's not true . 
  uk is whining about borders for now . 
  where ? 
  we already have a border ? 
   find a way to continue joint research from the island . 
  you know we have internet access ... 
   one generation of europeans had to live through 2 world wars and many died before being able to see their legacy because of germany . 
   let 's not forget we have peace in europe right now . 
  from a historical view , this is n't the standard in europe . 
  that 's more to do with the uk/usa and nato . 
  happens a lot in spain ,, 
  leaving . 
   it 's possible a court would find that commitment binding even with the uk exiting eu . 
  which court lol ? 
   basically . 
  eu is only asking for what uk gave its word it 'd pay . 
  you know from a legal point of view we can walk right away without paying a single cent to the eu ? 
   they will not get any assets ( which they will be able to use until the last day ) , but they will not have to pay any other debt . 
  thats not really true . .  well , except the expenses to move the eu institutions currently placed in the uk out of uk which is like , a spit in the ocean given the amount of money everything else involves . 
  surely if the eu wants to move them then its up to the eu to pay to move them ? 
  so your amiting that it was a navy ship that illegally entered british waters ? 
  but the coast guard is not part of the navy , try looking it up . 
  you really are a twat . 
  but if you kept having barbecues and each time 28 people turned up but only 2 or 3 were paying each time you would understand why those 2 or 3 would be pissed off, 
  unless the queen marries a king from another country . 
  larger ? 
  there has not been any ? 
  the spanish coast guard is not part of the spanish navy , the ship that illegally entered british waters was from the spanish navy , not the coast guard ,, 
  we are talking about billions of pounds , not friends having a barbecue, 
  its not a fucking coast guard ship , its a ship in the spanish navy for fuck sake , stop being so stupid . 
  in the same way the uk doesnt own any share of the eu debt or bills ? 
  https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/apr/04/fco-defends-navy-ordering-spanish-boat-out-of-gibraltar-waters last fucking month , the spanish navy descubierta-class corvette entered british territorial waters off gibraltar . 
  how is it not ? 
  well i wish you and the rest of the eu all the best , i think the eu could have been great if it was far far slower in taking on poorer west europe . 
  say just one nation every 10-15 years and not another until that was up to the same point as the rest . 
   , not the pennypinching about contributions . 
  its not pennypinching when your talking about billions of pounds ... 
  they keep sending warships into british waters , that in itself is an act of war ... 
  it matters a lot , someone coming from eastern europe that has gotten so much out of the eu is going to have a different view point to someone brought up in a fishing town that was ruined by the eu ? 
  well the eu should of though about that before having a 2 year op-out . 
  not at all , i think everyone can have an opinion , i am saying your pro eu because the eu is a means for your country to get things it can not afford ... paid for by other members . 
   ue is mostly imperfect because of uk policies toward the union for the last 30 years . 
  the uk slowing things done is the only reason the eu has n't collapsed in the last 30 years . 
  easy to say from a person coming from a nation that takes far more out of the eu than it has ever put in ... . 
   encouraging other eu members to strive for the same `` all benefits , no costs '' deal . 
  but if everyone gets such a deal , but other eu members have been doing that since they joined ? 
  where are you from ? 
   suggesting war with spain to be fair spain was the way trying to take british land and sending spanish warships into gibraltars waters, 
  yes , so the day we leave we dont pay a penny more , and anything tried to be pushed though before we leave we just veto ? 
   because they are the ones breaking an agreement ? 
  no we are not ,, 
  but we are not prematurely terminate our membership , the writing is very clear , 2 years notice , which we have given . 
  does the gym except me to keep paying for the staff/pensions after i have left ? 
   tbf that depends on what is actually being talked about . 
  if those assets are already planned for and the buildings are used by the eu as an institution there 's of course not going to be a case where the eu is going to split their share to a country that is actively trying to leave the union . 
  that 's not ill will but merely an effort to protect their own . 
  but the uk owns a share of such assets ,, 
  that really isnt how it works . 
   it 's the eu that wants a fast , clean split and the uk that wants some sort of miraculous deal mate ... the ` exit payments ' are not a ` bill ' , they 're merely the sum of everything uk has already signed off on . 
  if the uk wants to be fully out and do no more payments in the future , it needs to be covered upfront . 
  yes , but the eu seems to be forgetting the uk 's share in eu assets ,, 
   but from where i 'm sitting the eu side has tried with goodwill since the vote took place only to be slapped away . 
  when ? 
   good will ?!, 
  great britain 's leaving is extremely bad for the eu , it 's endangering its whole existence . 
  if you put someone in the corner do n't be surprised if they fight back really hard . 
  but leaving was always an option for any nation that no longer wanted to be part of the eu , the uk said been saying for years it wasnt happy with the direction the eu was heading , so why the shock at us leaving ? 
  yes , thats my point , she said everyone was welcome , then when they start turning up she expects over nations to take them in . 
   uk is not some special snowflake that was more important than its other members , i think you find the uk is far more important than any of the eastern european country 's , it should have stand with just the western rich nations and left the poor ones behind . 
   when the british are crying about their economy , they 're going to blame the rest of europe . 
  our economy is doing just fine , its the rest of europe thats going to collapse, 
  we have n't agreed to paying for anything , while inside the eu we paid the fees , once we are out why do you think we should keep paying ? 
   they are rightfully eu property . 
  and eu debts are eu debt , but the eu expects us to pay some of them when we leave  ? 
  `` german chancellor angela merkel called on other european union countries on sunday to take a greater share of the refugees fleeing to the bloc , as her government struggles to cope with a record number of arrivals . '', 
  can you read that ? 
  what the fuck does that have to do with the eu ? 
   and what are uk 's asset in the eu ? 
  a couple building perhaps ? 
  our share of the european investment bank ? 
  office 's and residential buildings in brussels and strasbourg , the eu offices in european capitals , the consular buildings around the world , and the courts of justice in luxembourg .
