you might be surprised , but it was kinda weird ( in a positive way ) . 
  you only realize that you 've been a part of something historical long afterwards . 
  when you 're in the middle of it , everything happens so fast , that you do n't have time to think of what 's happening around you . 
  one day you are on the streets demonstrating for more freedom ( i was 13 around that time ) and nxt day the wall is gone . 
  one day people are talking about building a new country in east germany . 
  a truly democratic socialist country , maybe in a kind of confedaration with west germany and the next day you have a new unified germany . 
  i remember the time beeing happy , exciting and scary at the same time . 
  ca n't believe it was 24 years ago . 
  it 's weird to realize , that people who grew up in the 90s have no concept of what east germany was like . 
  here in berlin , you still see a lot of things that remind you of the changes . 
  but it all fades away step by step . 
  yeah , i 'm glad to . 
  i stupid to think that pretty much normal people thought of each other as enemies . 
  i was born 76 in east germany / gdr . 
  i guess that makes me an 80s kid . 
  * in school we played [ winnetou & old shatterhand ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/winnetou ) , the heroes from a very popular classic german book series placed in the old wild west , which turned into a even more popular movie series with piere brice and lex barker in the 60s / 70s . 
  because the roles of winnetou and old shatterhand were mostly picked by the cool kids , i had to play sam hawkins , who was the least coolest but funniest character . 
  the rest was your usual `` cowboys and indians '' with toyguns . 
  * very popular as a game on paper was `` stadt , land , fluss ( city , country , river ) . 
  the kid who was the fastest thinking of a name of the city , river , name , animal etc. 
  for the chosen letter of the alphabet , won . 
  * cooking for breakfast was not very common . 
  we had the hot meals in school . 
  at home i normally got a hot chocolate and we later got something sweet from the bakery , like a [ streuselschnecke . 
  ] ( http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/streuselschnecke ) * apart from the occasional lego parts or matchbox cars someones auntie smuggled into the gdr we build our own monopoly boards or played outside . 
  we read a lot as kids though , jules verne , karl may and so on , and i loved the [ mosaik comicbooks . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mosaik ) * chocolade sucked bad in the east ( as kids we were convinced that the source of the brown color of our east german chocolate was cow blood and not cocoa ) , but we loved the [ chocolade-kisses ] ( http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/schokokuss ) , allthough we had a different name for them back in the day ... * no school uniforms - rules : do n't bring western media to school ( like bravo and such ) , do not play with western toys , respect the teacher etc. 
  be a good `` pionier '' . 
  * tv i loved to watch `` the fall guy '' ( ein colt f\u00fcr alle f\u00e4lle ) and a lot of the east german / czech-slovakian fantasy shows . 
  later on fell in love with `` raumschiff enterprise '' . 
  * clothing in winter was nothing special . 
  i do remember , though , that my mittens were connected by a thread through my jacket-arms and behind my back , so i would n't lose them . 
  oh , and i had to wear tick wool tights , which was embarrasing as fuck for a guy . 
  even in the east . 
  i 'm actually quite amazed by the british attitude towards us in personal encounters during the years . 
  just a couple month ago , i was at a football match ( charlton athletics ) and a whole family sat beside me including the grandfather who was in the raf . 
  we talked the whole time , he was very very friendly and interested . 
  you have to know that the stadium of charlton is in the valley , which is situated in the strip the german bombers used to fly into london . 
  so not much was left after the blitz . 
  he explained all this to me and the whole time made sure i understand , that he makes a clear difference between what happened back then and today . 
  ps : i do n't mind the jokes , i actually grew quite fond of them over the years . 
  yep , it 's called `` supermarket . '', 
  but honestly , i really do miss the friday evening pre-club drink fests in someones living room , where everybody brought their own plastic bags with bottles of vodka , beer and wine . 
  do n't underestimate the cultural pros of weird societal rules . 
  as a swedophile german who used to spend a lot of time in the oh so exiting cities of \u00d6rebro , umea and of course sthlm , the very mention of systembolaget makes me chuckle ... and glad that i can buy my friday night bottle of booze in the sp\u00e4tverkauf around the corner ( berlin ) . 
  if you want germany without the efficient culture , i have the perfect solution for you : berlin . 
  you can keep speaking english here as well , as berliners ( or germans in general ) love to practice their language skills on you . 
  honestly , if you put it like that , you sound much more reasonable than in your initial comments . 
  i can agree to a certain degree with most of these points you make . 
  there is still some entitlement regarding places of birth but okay . 
  people ca n't choose the shittiness of the country they are born in , and we as for example biggest exporting country of weapons into these regions bear some responsibility for the situation these countries are in . 
  anyhow . 
  i wish you would have started out like this , we could have had a much more open minded discussion . 
  see , there lies the problem . 
  how the fuck would you know that the majority of those people act like entitled cunts and are islamic radicals or some shit ? 
  sure some of them are , as well as some of the russians we have here are entitled and homophobic cunts , or some of the spanish are a little to much into drugs or some italians have mafia-ties or some of the germans are racist pieces of shits . 
  most of them just want a piece of a better life for them and there family . 
  want to work or study . 
  maybe the same way you would look for a better life abroad . 
  and i say , you have the right to pursuit your dreams of a better life and happiness . 
  and as long as it stays in the accordance with german law , i have no problem with them having their religious freedom as i would give the same right to anyone else who is religious no matter what my personal believes are . 
  coming back to your middle east remark : you always have nationalities kinda clinging together . 
  it very understandable . 
  they are in a different culture , in a different country . 
  let them have the safety net of their community . 
  integration happens over generations . 
  and as my final point : you say : we should keep our borders closed . 
  then why would anyone take your ass in ? 
  if you want these rights , learn to accept , that other people are pursuing their dreams as well . 
  and maybe try to embrace other cultures as well . 
  i 'm so sick of the hate against people who have nothing left to lose . 
  you look down on refugees from war torn countries because they are less skilled than you or whatever . 
  you better learn what empathy is , buddy . 
  racist or not , you sound like an asshole . 
  i live in berlin my whole life . 
  born german . 
  i have n't woken up in the middle east as of yet . 
  this city thrives from all the cultures that live here together . 
  yeah , its better for you to stay away . 
  we have enough racist dipshits as it is . 
  i do n't even know how to react to your comment , because basically your are wrong with every point you are trying to make . 
  so , i 'm not sure if you 're trolling or not . 
  i will answer anyhow . 
  the release date of the book is oct 6 2015 . 
  it even says so in the article . 
  `` she wrote a book about this , which is released this monday '' ( the article is from monday ) 2 . 
  die welt is center ? 
  it 's a newspaper run by axel springer verlag . 
  which is not center . 
  from wikipedia : `` the modern paper takes a self-described `` liberal cosmopolitan '' position in editing , but die welt is generally considered to be conservative . '', 
  additionally their comment section is known to be a cesspool of extreme right wing positions . 
  the faz is left wing ? 
  the newspaper is the leading center-right , conservative newspaper in germany ( see wikipedia again ) no one in his right mind would consider the faz left wing . 
  i did n't bash the ruhrpott . 
  i actually am very fond of the pott . 
  i explained that the area has a lot of pretty serious problems which no one who knows the situation would deny . 
  my point is , she is on a mission . 
  she wants to sell a book about her experiences ( which should be taken serious but not treated as something that happens everywhere with every policewoman and young muslim man ) and therefore her view is a dramatized by a notorious right wing newspaper . 
  my point is also , while we should acknowledge those problems exist we should look for solutions that not only blame immigrants . 
  my problem with articles like this one is , that they feed emotions and do n't give solutions .
