  like mix of slavic and eastern language . 
  because we are retarded . 
  so , zaman deserved what happened to them . 
  they were shamelessly licking governments ass and ignoring what is happening to the others . 
  now same shit happened for them and they are crying about democracy . 
  fuckin 2 faced islamists . 
  die in the hell that you created g\u00dclen, 
  lol , at least you tried my friend . . 
  thanks, 
  what does takogo kak putin means ? 
  sad thing is turks of ottoman empire were also opressed . 
  do you really think ottoman empire gave a fuck about any of their citizens in anatolia ? 
  i have to ask because i forgot to ask czechs when i was there . 
  is goulash originated from ottomans ? 
  because i saw a blog which suggests it but i have never heard about it before, 
  `` i ca n't even imagine the reaction if this happened in turkey to a kurdish person . '', 
  honestly tho are you seriously saying that that muslim woman is responsible for other muslims ' wrongdoing ? 
  eastern anatolia :(, 
  i would actually be grateful, 
  you are saying that they are getting worse compared to europe and leaving for uk or europe , well thats true but how can turkey provide it to you when turkey cant provide even the same to its own citizens . 
  btw i am not trying to insult you or your way of living since i am also living ( studying ) in cyprus ( and thus i have to respect it ) . 
  but i am just sick of seeing people who works at the service industry and just not giving a fuck . 
  and i also hate police system works for only people who had relatives . 
  also last thing i would say is turkey is just helping you but not getting anything in return . 
  its easy to understand that there are no friendships in politics . 
  you have to earn something in return if you are investing in something . 
  i am just sick of the fight between the trnc citizens and turkish citizens . 
  one side thinks that turkey shouldnt expect anything in return and the other side thinks that turkey is not getting-expecting anything in return . 
  also blaming everything in turkey is just `` igneyi kendine cuvaldizi baskasina '' edit : also i have a trnc cypriot friend from odtu and he always gets a warmer responses when he says that he is from trnc . 
  but in cyprus i always feel like `` yolunacak tavuk '' and colder reactions even from individuals . 
  you can blame everything on our government and old governments but who the fuck am i to fix it even if its completely true.sometimes i want to shout what i have done to you . 
  risk of people dying for nothing ? 
  i am just saying that before the unification it should be handled properly, 
  dude we have same type of waste of money in turkey . 
  its just became stupid in recent years ( see camlica mosque and the huge mosque construction in cyprus ) . 
  but believe me in cyprus people live in much better conditions while working less ( i have living examples for that and my sister who married with turkish cypriot is one of them ) edit : economy in my honest opinion ( it is actually the only thing that i have seen as weakness for tcs ) is on your laziness too . 
  and dont blame it on turkey for making you get used to be lazy . 
  its just stupid, 
  thats why i think that its a low risk , but i am also sure that some people will hurt others . 
  if the equal rights are proven and nationalists from both sides keeps their mouths shut i am in favor of unification . 
  but again i am sure 1 retard from either side will do smt stupid and things may get bloody . 
  still its just a small risk and i actually want them to unify . 
  i dont care what cypriots want i just want them to have it . 
  eventhough you are right to the somepoint , blaming it all on turkey about trncs economy is nothing but funny arguement . 
  seriously i also agree that now they are building stupidly waste of money mosques , it wasnt always like that ( but i agree that the money turkey sent to cyprus was well worth because of military bases ) and you know that, 
  as someone who is studying in northern cyprus they dont need that because there are already religious people from mainland and they are huge in numbers . 
  all he need to do is give them orders . 
  this is sad because native turkish cypriots are like people from western turkey if not better . 
  imagine if they had `` leavemealone '', 
  just let him talk i am having fun, 
  nothing to say, 
  you just responded to angry kid . 
  dont worry, 
  trust me still 30-40 percent of turkey wouldnt be noticed if they would immigrate to europe . 
  but 60-70 is still majority . . 
  so you want gulen to succeed ? 
  he is much more islamist than erdocunt and basically worse version of erdogan . 
  do you have any idea about the situation ? 
  eventhough sometimes i want to leave the country i wouldnt trade places with them to do shitty jobs . 
  i am not going to university for nothing . 
  your connection doesnt make sense . . those places are richer and thus we can afford better education . 
  yes there were . 
  they are so well organized when it comes to privacy . 
  i dont know the percentages but they always managed to sneak into army, 
  i have so many family members and relatives in the army . 
  they are all kemalist so we still have at least 10-20 kemalist in the army / s, 
  you have a 50 percent risk of pronounced as traitor in turkey . 
  3 % seems good to me, 
  not sure if this is the one ( i cant watch it atm ) , but in one of his speechs he said that `` it feels like staged '' but he also said that he is not sure . 
  yeap same , i just hate that as someone who is turkish and hates erdogan i hate when someone insult me just because of erdogan . 
  like we are the ones suffering from him and people insulting us just because of him ... 
  which one suits best for you ? 
  ignorant , dumb or just trying to insult me . 
  all i can say to you is keep your hatred and live alone . 
  edit for others : anyone with a small piece of brain in their heads knows that turkey will not join eu for at least 50 years . 
  we are really experienced actually , its just those fucking islamists dont like it . . 
  who expects that ? 
  dont wan na answer that atm, 
  a soldier already suicided because he didnt want to get beheaded by people, 
  yeap all of us are ok , thanks for asking . 
  nope , just left the place that we were drinking and drove to the first market which was open . 
  yeap , just felt 3 blasts all over my body . 
  i am really sitting in middle of everything and hoping that there wont be so much lifes lost . 
  damn my phone call with my mom was so painful . 
  dont wan na be a jerk who overscares but this is really scary . 
  love you guys all, 
  i am living in ankara and i saw heli is firing in the fucking city ... helis and f-16s are flying over the city with 10 second delays . 
  i hope i can report more but i dont think my connection will stay . 
  me and my friends bought lot of food and in home . 
  so please stay safe my turkish friends . 
  this is some serious shit going on ( as someone who has a lot of relatives from military ) we will survive this hopefully . 
  for europeans please support us ( secular peaceful folk of turkey ) . 
  just fuckin sad that i was drinking wine laughing with my friends 2 hours ago edit : mosque is calling something in turkish ( they generally use arabic to call for prayer ) edit2 : 4th blast and that was close , if something terrible happens remember me , i am really smiling so dont feel bad for me . 
  we are watching news with laptop while staying out of windows and they dont report shit , dont trust turkish sources we felt 4 blasts and a lot of gunfires . 
  they barely mentions that . 
  it feels like a conspiracy tho ( all of the things that i have mentioned are real but they could be organized to scare people for presidency system , stay informed and if something terrible happens please protest for us . 
  they dont have a right to do that to us ) edit3 : tanks arrived in my street . 
  ankaras major asking for executions for coupers . 
  bomb blasted so close this time . 
  they want us to believe that common people is taking control of tanks and f-16s .
