  obviously they are talking about something else . 
  we all know that athilas thasos is greek . . 
  anyway i can not blame you for seeing turkey different then it actually is . 
  you dont have to take a photo of that . 
  you read it online right ? 
  : ddd, 
  yes i am not saying that its something better . 
  just saying that even turkey is not in that level yet . 
  everything in czech sounds sexual to me . . 
  he is absolutely retarded , but even in turkey he wouldnt get arrested . 
  if he is tweeting about erdogan ? 
  well thats another story . . 
  ehm thats more likely because they have no idea about us . 
  some guy who drinks beer with pipet surprised that i drink alcohol . . 
  well i was in prague with beard when there was protests against accepting refugees ( at least that was what i saw in the news , forgive me if its wrong information ) but eventhough everyone that i met knew i am from turkey they were still very warm towards me . 
  erdogan flair or instaban . 
  hurriyet would be considered as untrustful source and sub would be all of sabah news . 
  come on guys everytime someone lie about erdo\u011fan ( you are not doing that intentionally i know that but still ) the erdo\u011fan fans becoming more fanatic then before . 
  he didnt say that it was your media . . 
  holy fuck change audio to turkish and change the title to '' ba\u011fc\u0131lar meslek lisesi '' and none of the turks will realize it . 
  i am seriously losing my human side . 
  seriously what do they expect ? 
  good or bad political games or not they are being helped and they dont like it ? 
  cant they see they have no choice ? 
  i am wondering who would help us if something happens to turkey . 
  arabs thinks that we are not muslim enough and europe thinks that we are arabs . . oh also meanwhile in turkey : syrian students can go to a university without an exam ( which turkish students have to ) and gets 1200 tl per month for free ( 400 tl for turkish students and we have to pay it back when we finish school ) . 
  they even got a permission to work i am sorry but if they are not qualified to have a job its their problem . 
  they were expecting that west is free life without working and they get disappointed . . 
  cool then you should let russia to invade your country fully next time to avoid worse economy . 
  but i dont think no economy is better then bad economy . 
  sadly young and educated turks has to stfu if they dont want to starve . 
  so all you do at reddit is spreading pkk agenda and you are expecting turkish people to believe you ? 
  can you tell me why the fuck pkk suddenly stopped killing civilians and at the same time that tak thing started ? 
  why all of the tak members are also an active pkk members ? 
  why are there always open pkk supporters at their funerals ? 
  dont expect us to believe that . 
  you can believe whatever you want i really dont care . 
  but dont blame us for not being naive . 
  you are not naive tho you know the truth but you just wan na believe that lie . 
  she is one of those retards who has no qualification other then being erdogans fangirl so it didnt surprise me . 
  seriously tho if you wan na get paid all you need to do is sucking governments dick . 
  and you will be rich . 
  hitting police with stick and calling him terrorist . 
  just amazing, 
  thanks, 
  thank you so much dude, 
  we have this law too and it didnt enforced until recent years . 
  this law is bullshit and it doesnt mean that its not gon na get enforced in the future just because its not enforced before, 
  can someone translate or summarize in english or turkish for me ? 
  i would back that since we already spend more then 6 billion every year . 
  missunderstood . 
  i actually misunderstood your whole last message . 
  blame it on my english, 
  those retards doesnt look like they are belong to modern society too . 
  watching this makes me feel ashamed for them . 
  how cant they feel the same . . 
  ~ ~ can you just prove 1 thing wrong that he said ? 
  just prove me one thing . 
  and if their reaction is really '' fuck em '' ( especially to the person who calls a tv programme which is on air and tells that all the things that they said is lie ) that just shows how unprofessional they are . 
  talking bullshit is easy . ~ ~ misunderstood, 
  the problem is , unlike you , i give a shit about kurds and their well-being . 
  thats why i hate pkk . 
  brainwashing kurds to blow themselves and killing tens of innocent people is just disguisting . 
  you have no idea whats going on in turkey and you are just thinking from the only one perspective that your shitty media created for you . 
  [ see how your liar media couldnt say anything when someone asked about the truth . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m4zh8sphj74 ) edit : and please dont tell me that turkish media is also shit . 
  i know that and i dont believe them without thinking twice and searching for other sources . 
  but looks like you are not . 
  edit2 : and i am hate educated ? 
  we are hate educated ? 
  you know what ? 
  calling a whole fucking nation hate educated ( which means racist actually ) is actually being racist . 
  i really cant believe an europen calling me hate educated . 
  its just funny, 
  watching this makes me feel ashamed for them . 
  how cant they feel the same . . 
  mate , your logic would be so fucking good only if they were different before . 
  but they were same before . 
  this time they killed more civillians . 
  but yeah its probably done by another seperatist group that has nothing to do with pkk . 
  like every attack on civillians done by a group that just seperated from pkk . 
  pkk is group of angels that wouldnt hurt any civillian . 
  i am totally believing that . 
  someone still using glorious bbm at least . . 
  azerbaijan for sure . 
  i also wouldnt mind any country that is not fulled with racists against us . 
  eventhough i hate that , this is true . 
  we are basically usa 's dog in terms of international relationships and seeing some people talking about russias help against us is funny . 
  russia wouldnt just sit back and cry after that jet crisis otherwise . 
  anyway its misleading title and both countries wont go to a war for sure . 
  guess what , half of the people who can afford to go to europe already has green pass which means visa free travel anyway ( including me  ) i have been in europe ( without visa ehehe ) and i am really sorry for that if i make you feel eastern or my brown eyes makes you feel insecure . ), 
  i can say that with my whole fucking honesty turks are 10 times better tourists then the brits . 
  but we are turks right ? 
  so it doesnt matter . 
  and also , to my own fellow citizens who doesnt have green pass ; if you wan na go to europe and do dirty turkish stuff in the streets try the italian visa . 
  they say its easy and i have never seen somebody get rejected by italy . 
  uk english but when they formally speaking . 
  otherwise it sounds so rude . 
  turkish people generally thinks that french is the loveliest language but its really annoying for me . 
  turkish sounds ( my own language ) weird for me if i think about it objectively .
