ottoman empire wasnt turkic empire . 
  it was islamic empire so i dont give a shit about them edit : and i really dont understand why some turkish people proud of it . 
  i mean their ancestors prolly destroyed by ottomans and they still like ottomans ? 
  ( i am talking about that : https://tr.wikipedia.org/wiki/anadolu_beylikleri#/media/file:beylicats_d%e2%80%99anatolie_vers_1330-tr.svg ), 
  raki is not a drink that we drink while watching football . 
  its more respected drink . 
  we drink beer while watching football, 
  create a couchsurfing profile as a woman and one as a man . 
  post your trip in anywhere in the world . 
  alright i am from mersin and i dont think we do have similar culture . 
  i think you meant southeaster, 
  shop owner cant be a poor guy . 
  i dont think so . 
  lol what ? 
  i am not trying to do anything . 
  i think its funny and i wanted to share, 
  i dont like them too and i am living in turkey . 
  but sending them back is not a good option cuz most of them truly in deadly danger in their country . 
  well we dont have any generalization for fins but yes turks are hairy compared to fins for sure . 
  some of their members is . 
  do you really believe chp is kemalist ? 
  on paper maybe in reality no . 
  but yes '' their alignment is centre left . '', 
  anan\u0131 avrad\u0131n\u0131 sikiyim ( fuck your mother and wife ) . 
  in adana they use allah\u0131n\u0131 kitab\u0131n\u0131 sikiyim ( fuck your god and book ( holy one obviously ) ), 
  kurds . 
  stealing electricity , having at least 5-6 children and forcing them to work , brown and hairy people . 
  obviously its not true for all of them but unfortunately its true for at least half of them . 
  http://i1.wp.com/www.taraf.com.tr/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/2-2.jpg do you think turkey should be secular or not ? 
  yes-no-no idea . 
  akp is erdogans party . 
  chp is leftist party . 
  mhp is nationalist party ( they are islamist too but most of their voters isnt . ), 
  and hdp is a party that supports secularism and peace according to the r/worldnews sp is a far right islamist party with almost no supporters ( they had some but they are voting for akp atm ), 
  yes they are . 
  what non racist germans think about 36 boys . 
  i heard about them today . 
  with tayyip it wont ve v2 . 
  it can only be downgraded version of turkey, 
  its almost same in turkey except fasting . 
  it is not only us base . 
  hope so !, 
  i would fuckin hug every greek cypriot who wants united cyprus . 
  but that could be scary for them tho, 
  their bases ? 
  good luck with that logic, 
  they werent all kurds and it doesnt matter . 
  no air strike but ground bombing against isis ? 
  hmm evil turks dont use their f-16s :(, 
  omg you are so funny mate how are you so good at being funny ? 
  economy . 
  we survived the huge economic crisis and we had terrible economic conditions when they are elected now we are fine etc. 
  its not because of them but you know `` avarage voter '' . 
  they elected with something like 36 percent btw . 
  now they have more then 40 and also the media is in their hands . 
  thats something we cant ignore . 
  they promised more rights to lgbt society before elected . 
  after they are elected and gain the power things got out of control . 
  idk but different ethnicity students got a message saying that they shouldnt leave their homes because of nationalist protests a week ago or smt . 
  but if you can avoid that kind of things its probably safe . 
  i am gon na visit poland this summer too . 
  sorry did u put the wrong link ? 
  it doesnt say anything about the isis or anything related to responsible, 
  this is all planned . 
  first ismail kahraman said that secularism shouldnt be in the new constitution and now they are saying that secularism will be in new constitution . 
  they are doing that because they want us to accept other unacceptable changes and meanwhile we have to be happy to have our secularism . 
  why is he downvoted to hell ? 
  i mean its not a good humor if you ask me but i saw far terrible ones get upvoted . . 
  i am so fucking mad right now . . 
  isnt it expected when the population rises hugely . 
  i dont think we can see that much difference if we check them as percentages . 
  may i ask you do you really believe that we are all good people turkish people came and started crime in nc ? 
  as someone who has many native turkish cypriot friends i heard different stories . 
  that would make you star here too . 
  for only % 50 of us tho . 
  and you would be a star in jail . . 
  lol it was obvious insult actually . 
  no way that can be unintended . 
  but still it is shitty . 
  police should protect the citizens , they shouldnt arrest people just because of their political ideas . . 
  dude , trust me we are in the same side and i know the radikal well . 
  but for me , leftists do their own propaganda while rightists doing their own . 
  i am even trying my best to organize events in my university all from leftists ( only this year me and my friends organized events with mustafa balbay , bihlun tamayligil and ahmet abakay ) . 
  but not because i think they are always right but because they are the ones who is being opressed atm . 
  i am pretty sure you know the picture of police holding a gun to a young guy thing ( which was infact a part of the video that `` young guy was trying to take that polices gun and the police was trying to keep it and he didnt hold a gun to his head not even for a second . ), 
  i am sorry for going off-topic . 
  but my point is i dont trust leftists too . 
  link you provided also says that she is not arrested ( and infact her attorney states that its a lie of governmantal sources ) . 
  and also i dont believe any turkish media at all . 
  `` havuz media '' is shitty governmental source but that doesnt mean i should trust sources like radikal cumhuriyet etc. 
  edit : and also in the talkshow she states that she is calling from diyarbakir . 
  but she is living in istanbul . 
  none of the sources you provided doesnt talk about that . 
  also it was written in diken not radikal . 
  important fact you are missing is she wasnt a teacher . 
  it was fake . 
  but i didnt know that she is arrested . 
  she even gave fake name ? 
  how did that happen ? 
  in turkey it was something like 1 $ per kg,
