  `` if i close the brothels citizens would fuck me instead '' edit : from old turkish president, 
  its really easy . 
  but without payment as somebody said its slower . 
  and i generally use my phone to browse the web and vpn stopped working . 
  i have none . 
  i am from a place that chp has something like a % 70 and akp has 10 . 
  thanks god i am living in cyprus, 
  guys , please dont or he is gon na block reddit ( again ) . 
  [ just pide ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=flyxx9dqsom ), 
  how the fuck we couldnt invent that eventhough we are the inventors of kebab and d\u00f6ner :(, 
  i am wondering your point and relevance with this topic ? 
  unfortunately true . . 
  as you can see in the video its real . 
  but the pro-kurdish thing is really funny since they are all pro-pkk . 
  in the video they are chanting for pkk-abdullah \u00d6calan . 
  and as you can see the ones who attacked the police are the pro-pkk ones . 
  imagine what would it be like if it was filmed by a reliable source . 
  well i dont know mate its still more expensive then eastern-central europe . 
  i had a 5 days holiday in cz and i couldnt afford a holiday in turkey with the money i spend ( not even if i include airplane tickets ) there . 
  the guy was like : shit . 
  thanks for the laugh btw, 
  exactly , but turkey is cheaper tho, 
  yes we do have a city called batman . 
  and i just realized that artvin is the 11th city in the list which is in the eastern part . 
  but it is not that easy to just invest in the east . 
  yes it is . 
  [ actually all of the cities above the avarage is western part of turkey . 
  and almost all of the bottom 20 is eastern . 
  tbh even if he tells them where he is from most of the americans still wouldnt know that . . 
  yeaay we passed % 50 for the first time . 
  we love you too guys . 
  yes i meant that . 
  i know you have reasons to dislike them . 
  as an atheist i dont like islam . 
  but i think judging people just because their religion is immature . 
  also that harem thing . 
  i heard that unfortunately . 
  you have every reason to hate a person who says that . 
  but she doesnt represent any of us . 
  unfortunately tayyip erdo\u011fan represent some of us . . 
  we really have no idea how we are connected to the isis because of russian propaganda . . also i thought we didnt fought with czechs ( honestly no idea ), 
  thats the distinction you should understand carefully tho . 
  most of us has really close kurdish friends . 
  we dont care about their nationality and dont even talk about it in our daily life ( i mean like are you kurdish ? 
  or something like that ) . 
  we dont judge them because they are kurds because we know that its stupid . 
  but pkk is another story . 
  turkey is fighting with terrorism for decades and its more active on eastern part ( kurdish majority parts ) . 
  and thus even the ones who doesnt support pkk suffering . 
  could we handle the situation better ? 
  definitely yes . 
  but blaming it all on us . 
  huge no . 
  please dont take that offensive i am not blaming czechs for not liking us that much because it is not racism i saw it with my own eyes in prague . 
  and i also know that turkish people 's opinion about european countries is also bad . 
  but in my honest opinion some people looking for excuses to dont like muslim majority countries . 
  same as muslim majority countries looking for excuses to not like non muslim majority countries . 
  sad then . 
  but people thinking that turks hate kurds is weird . 
  edit : harem ? 
  thats what i was thinking . . 
  why do you like egyptians more then us ? 
  not being jealous !, 
  well we have really low purchasing power . 
  not all of them . 
  most of them is actually shamed to even say that they vote for akp . 
  they know that akp doing terrible things but most of them is actually has good reasons to vote for them . 
  turkey was more secular but the country was a shithole . 
  no stability terrible economy , people killing each other for being leftist-rightist ( my father who doesnt support bot rightists and leftists once said that they were minority and always threatened or bullied by other groups . 
  so even if you were not interested in politics or fan of centre you would still struggle ( he still hates all the political parties in turkey for that reason and i dont know what does he vote for ) ) . 
  so there is even a sentence popular amongs them ( akp voters ) '' \u00e7al\u0131yor ama \u00e7al\u0131\u015f\u0131yorda '' which means they are stealing money but at least they are working . 
  this is how hopeless they are ( mostly because after ataturk all the rulers failed terribly ) . 
  and trust me doing some childish things like those videos are not helping anyone . 
  seriously i liked the erdowie erdowo stuff but how much you enjoyed from that ? 
  is it worth ? 
  it may worth it for you but i really dont wan na lose the chance of them turning against akp . 
  note : tayyip erdo\u011fan talked about how he will give more rights to lgbt before the elections that akp first won . 
  why did i give that example ? 
  to show that they didnt come to power like they are now . 
  they are changing turkey slowly and every little thing matters atm . 
  well westerners . 
  if you wan na see erdogan lose his power dont try to insult him like this . 
  it transforms his voters to fanatics . 
  use the known and reliable sources and show that he is not good for turkey . 
  also this in unprofessional and childish . 
  everytime i see something like that i check the map and just sigh . . 
  any source ? 
  when we are spending that money for them per year ? 
  i dont think so . 
  turkey under erdo\u011fan regime . 
  erdo\u011fan calls it new turkey like its a good thing . 
  wait , you are believing that elves doesnt exist ? 
  he is like a father to us . 
  like kim jong level father . 
  really friendly/s, 
  lets try to be a human and respect each other . 
  well it actually looks like ramazan in turkey . 
  cologne and stuff not alcohol though . 
  because eventhough you drink alcohol you dont drink it in ramadan because you are muslim . 
  makes sense,
