i 'll concede that cubans have adjusted better to american society than muslims have to europe . 
  i do n't think it 's accurate to say north african muslims have no desire to integrate , there are plenty of examples of exemplary european muslims from those backgrounds . 
  racial and religious integration fails sometimes . 
  i do n't think that should keep us from trying . 
  i strongly believe that decent people from all backgrounds can peacefully co-exist . 
  not that they always do , but it is possible , and we should strive for that . 
  there 's a strong presumption that the only thing refugees will bring is fundamentalist islam and that 's not accurate . 
  it 's my understanding they are running away from that . 
  case in point : cubans in florida . 
  they are some of the most vehemently anti-communist groups in america , because they ran away from the communist revolution in cuba . 
  just because cuba is communist , and these people are cubans , we should n't presume they 'd be communists . 
  same with muslim refugees . 
  not all 200,000 are going straight into a 4 year degree program . 
  you seem to view human beings as liabilities , which is a very cynical and pessimistic viewpoint to have . 
  i 'm sure these people have some potential , and can be turned into productive individuals , and if not that at least be made to do enough to pay for their own costs . 
  the way you put it one would think these people were completely paralyzed physically and mentally retarded and would have to be provided for forever . 
  that 's not the case . 
  they have physical and mental resources that can be put to productive use for their benefit and the benefit of the host country . 
  the refugees will eventually through their taxes when they become more productive . 
  even before that we should expect them to work to the extent that they can and contribute to their own expenses . 
  welfare is for those who truly have no other option but to rely on the state . 
  remember that europe , like america and japan , faces a demographic problem of having too many old people per young working age person , and that makes it harder to provide services to the elderly . 
  importing working age people and maximizing their productivity will absolutely reduce the ratio of old dependent seniors to young working age people to a more manageable level . 
  people are n't born scientists or project managers . 
  refugees can use the education opportunities in their host countries to become more productive members of society . 
  has the welfare state in europe changed drastically since 2014 ? 
  that 's when the migration crises started . 
  eu has had generous welfare policies well before the current refugee wave . 
  it 's clearly coinciding with syrian civil war not with any new welfare incentives . 
  a different perspective on religion , economy , politics and social life . 
  in a democracy , competition between varying ideas is necessary to come to the best conclusions . 
  an appreciation of what it 's like to live without rights or dignity . 
  optimism and entrepreneurial spirit and energy . 
  because cynical pessimistic slackers like me do n't just pick up and move 1000 's of miles for hope of a better tomorrow . 
  you are right about that . 
  i imagine there will be strict rules on how such houses are occupied by migrants , they wo n't be given the same freedom and leeway as an actual owner would be . 
  to the extent that there are any damages caused , the government should compensate the owner . 
  the cost of compensation for damages should still be way lower than other methods of housing migrants , so it 's a cheap way to house them . 
  i 'd consider real estate unused if for at least 1 year it will not be occupied , rented or sold . 
  rich people can afford to buy houses for speculative investment purposes , hoping to sell them when the price is higher . 
  that 's fine , however the problem with this is that it takes a very limited resource out of circulation simply for speculative purposes . 
  house traders often do n't use the actual house in any meaningful way . 
  they simply buy and sell them for profit . 
  while the trader may benefit in this situation , the public is harmed since a limited resource ( housing ) is not being used to satisfy housing needs . 
  that 's the kind of situation i have in mind when i consider this policy . 
  i certainly do n't want people 's children 's homes to be `` seized . '', 
  yea absolutely it should be in done through the democratic process of reaching consensus with homeowners . 
  i imagine most decent people would volunteer their unused properties to the public good on a temporary basis . 
  but i still think it 's good policy to put unused private assets to the public good , until the private owner wants to reclaim them for use or sale . 
  it 's hardly `` nationalizing '' private property . 
  the very premise of the policy is that it has to be unused real estate , which means if you want your kid to move in to your second home , then it 's not by definition unused . 
  private individuals are usually efficient with their resources , but if they are n't being efficient , and literally not using their property , the government temporarily borrowing it , on the promise to return it as soon as the owner needs or wants to use it , that 's a far cry from radical communist policies . 
  for one , the tax forces the owner to pay cash , a liquid asset that may hurt their ability to meet other obligations . 
  the property itself is literally unused . 
  if an owner wants to use the house to move their kid in , great , the government should back off . 
  but if it 's totally unused , remember this is the premise of the policy , the house has to be luxury and unused , then it simply does n't cause any harm to the owner whatsoever to put it to public use until the owner decides to occupy , rent or sell it . 
  i got ta say i 'm impressed . 
  that 's a damn good policy . 
  it takes a mature and sensible nation to overcome the inevitable ass chafe from working class people who will bitterly defend the right of the super rich to waste resources on a whim because freedom . 
  well done . 
  you guys are doing it right . 
  i do n't get the ass chafe over putting unused apartments to public use . 
  i do n't think the right to horde resources without utilizing them is something so sacred that we should have everyone else suffer for it . 
  norway sucks . 
  can i get some of that swedditor guld too ?? 
  i find it fascinating how people suddenly become aware of `` finite living space '' when they see immigrants , yet no one bothers to think of that in relation to births . 
  if overcrowding is such a problem , why are n't people pushing china-style birth regulation ? 
  it seems like the `` we 're full '' argument is a racist smoke screen used only against foreigners , not against native born babies of the native race , while logically both should concern people truely bothered by overpopulation . 
  so people running * away * from that are going to bring it here ? 
  same way the irish brought potato famine to america and the jews brought nazism ? 
   make sure that all realistic options to enter europe are blocked . 
  you say it ca n't be done ? 
  ask the old soviet bloc . 
  the iron curtain had its name for a reason . 
  yes , it can be done . 
  so machine gun turrets to stop refugees with lethal force ? 
  because that 's what parts of the iron curtain had . 
   send back everyone entering illegally . 
  yes , they can apply for asylum , deny it the same minute , send them back . 
  they have the right to apply , you have the right to deny . 
  actually , they ca n't be denied if they have a credible fear of persecution . 
  most countries in the eu are signatories to refugee conventions , treaties and recognize the right to asylum . 
   accept those who bring value to europe as immigrants ( point system ) . 
  actually , encourage them . 
  most immigrants `` bring value . '', 
  human beings are generally good , with a minority of bad actors . 
  unless by `` value '' you are getting some racial purity angle . 
  that 's absurd . 
  i happen to live in an immigrant neighborhood ( with many muslim bangladeshi immigrants ) and we get along fine with gays and jews . 
  you realize people risk their lives to make the trip , so any deterrents you can set up in western europe , unless we 're talking some hardcore final solution shit , is not gon na be enough to keep them from coming . 
  the best solution is to try to resolve the crises in their home countries , and allow a reasonable number of people to immigrate . 
  so , they were actual war refugees and not economic migrants . 
  although the line between the two can be muddled sometimes , considering how much of the middle-east and africa is embroiled in conflict . 
  i do n't think economic refugees would take such dire risk of life and limb . 
  and if they are taking such huge risks , hey maybe we should let em come , somebody who wants to be successful *** this *** bad should n't be terrible for the economy . 
  i think the smugglers use refrigeration trucks to diminish the detectable heat radiating from the cargo area . 
  unfortunately , heavy enforcement only pushes the smuggling industry to adopt more dangerous practices . 
  i think the universal lesson is , if you try to ban something people really want ( drugs , sex , escaping shitpoor places for a better life , etc ) you 'll just make the item more dangerous and expensive . 
  i 'm an american muslim and i 'm not surprised at all . 
  basically we hate the right wing because they are bigots against us , causing us to become more and more sympathetic to the left and their values start to seep into our philosophy .
