  i know , but it is still what out official history says , which means most turks believe that to be true . 
  i did n't mean italy , i meant the international community at large . 
  turkish history education tends to talk about britain , france , russia , armenia , greece and italy ( during and immediately after wwi ) as a single political entity with a single will and a single voice . 
  it is this single voice that supposedly promised the islands to turkey . 
  yeah , it seems i was wrong . 
  i do n't remember learning about this in school , though . 
  disclaimer : this is what they teach in history class , it may not necessarily be the truth or the whole truth . 
  if i 'm not mistaken , most of the aegean islands were promised to turkey when italy , which controlled them at the time , revoked its claims on the area . 
  there were some complications , the matter was n't resolved for a long while and when it was , most of the islands were given to greece . 
  a lot of turks feel cheated over this , because of the broken promise . 
  there is a similar thing with mosul , for example . 
  the ownership of mosul was n't established with the initial treaty between turkey and britain , who controlled the rest of iraq at the time . 
  the league of nations gave turkey and britain two years to settle the dispute , but britain dragged its feet so no resolution was reached . 
  after two years , the league gave mosul to britain , even though turkey had captured and held it until the ceasefire . 
  again , a lot of turks feel cheated over that , saying we `` lost mosul not to war , but to diplomatic trickery '' . 
  in general turks have a militarist culture , and many believe we could have reclaimed more of the former ottoman lands if not for `` those pesky diplomats '' . 
  kinda like klingons , they see diplomacy ( and spycraft ) as dishonest , dishonourable tactics . 
  maybe the people that led the invasion truly believed they were helping cypriots of turkish descent , maybe they thought an outright conquest would provoke the international community to intervene ; i can not say . 
  regardless , no one but the extreme nationalists in turkey have any claims of dominion over trnc today , most just see them as a young state that needs guidance and protection . 
  kemalists are pretty anti-western too . 
  plenty of kemalists also believe that the us is funding pkk to destabilise turkey and that the eu is using turkey with empty promises . 
  the difference is while akp and mhp do n't like the west and think we can survive in isolation , kemalists see cooperation and trade as a necessary evil . 
  well , that took a sad turn . 
  and a declaration of war against turkey is essentially a declaration of war against the us , does n't mean turkey 's a part of the us . 
  turkey simply has a standing pledge to protect trnc if war breaks out , similar agreements are n't uncommon . 
   that 's because you allow this . 
  by that logic , every strong country is allowing every weak country to remain sovereign . 
  `` we could own that piece of land if we wanted to '' does n't mean we own it . 
  trnc has its own government , collects its own taxes , enforces its own laws . 
  we do n't own it . 
  northern cyprus is officially a sovereign state that happens to have close relations with turkey . 
  turkey * officially * considers trnc a sovereign state , even though we act like it is n't when it suits us . 
  i gathered that he meant we were in no position to celebrate by drinking outside , so he would drink his sorrows at home instead . 
  he may be a joke , but he 's a joke that has been elected , what , 6 times now ? 
  governments are n't for-profit organisations . 
  sure , maybe they might raise prices on train tickets to balance a budget , but they will never charge as much as the customer 's willing to pay ; private companies will , just because they can . 
  i had to turn my vpn on to read this . 
  so they 're mostly turks living in the netherlands ? 
  i had n't considered that . 
  you have a party that can be identified as `` the guys that think erdogan is cool '' ? 
  why ? 
  it 's not you , it 's me . 
  turkey * is * a member of the coe . 
  actually , so is russia . 
  kind of . 
  he does follow procedure , mind you . 
  any anti-democratic law they pass goes through the parliament . 
  i 'm not saying it 's right , i 'm just saying it 's legal . 
  they abolished the headscarf ban for state servants and university students , which is a secular change . 
  i admit i may be misinformed on the high school thing . 
  the death penalty was abolished for `` peace time offences '' only in 2002 , the complete abolishment was in 2004 , while akp was in power . 
  i 'm not entirely sure whether they passed the consumer protection law or radically improved it , but i know for a fact that it happened during their reign - my mother worked at the ministry of science , industry and trade ( as it was called back then ) at the time and she made a really big deal about that . 
  as far as turkish governments go , they were decent in the beginning . 
  you know the sad part ? 
  turkish economy bloomed over the course of his first two terms . 
  our laws became more secular , high school education was made compulsory , the consumer protection law was passed , the death penalty was abolished . 
  he could have just retired and he would have had a good legacy to be proud of . 
  but he just had to be king and now he 's the king of a shithole . 
  already has : the value of the lira against the dollar has more than halved over the last 5 or so years . 
  tyranny of the majority . 
  he can afford to bend and even disregard the law because what he does is in line with the norms and values of the majority of the country . 
  if no one stops you , you do n't even need to be a state official to overrule the constitution . 
  no law commands authority on its own . 
  yeah , but a little clarification for those of us that do n't speak german is okay . 
  the article is in german and the english title and summary do n't do a good job of explaining the situation . 
  emergency powers do n't grant the authority to overrule the constitution . 
  can eu citizens work in switzerland ? 
  well , it 's nice to know we 're not the worst . 
  chp is the kemalist party , mhp are turkic supremacists . 
  in the video you can see that the floating line thing ( what 's that called anyway ? ), 
  the victim was beaten for crossing is about 20 meters away from the shoreline and the water there is waist deep . 
  seems like an unreasonable limit . 
  i ca n't speak for other countries , but over here , a lot of women are either housewives or working with their husbands/fathers without personal pay . 
  as for men , the unemployment numbers are n't terrible and outside of large cities , most people live with their parents until they get married anyway . 
  at least we 're not the worst ? 
  you mean the grapes ? 
  could be worse . 
  i 've not lost my faith in democracy yet . 
  besides , one must have a legitimate claim to the moral high ground to achieve lasting peace . 
  otherwise you get decades of clusterfuck . 
  you would have us burn and kill ? 
  it 'd be so much easier if they just stood in a nice and even grid pattern , would n't it . 
  you might have noticed some less than ideal things happening in turkey recently . 
  well , in june , an incumbent mp of the main opposition party was arrested , which was apparently the last drop . 
  the leader of the main opposition organised a march from ankara to istanbul , approximately 450 km , in protest . 
  the march ended yesterday in a massive rally in istanbul . 
  i do n't know if it 'll change anything , but this time i 'm actually hopeful because for the first time in a long time the opposition was n't preaching to the choir . 
  his speech at the rally sounded like it could actually could erode erdogan 's support this time . 
  actually , he 's exactly as tall as the average adult human male . 
  i think \u00e7omar refers to religious and politically ignorant people , no ? 
  at least that 's how we use it in my circles . 
  i do n't think there 's a commonly used one but we in ankara call them `` sincanl\u0131 '' ( translation : person from sincan ) because they 're more numerous in the sincan district of ankara , even if the specific people you 're talking about are n't from there . 
  such a creative name , i know . 
  well , there are a lot of debates . 
  most of the sessions are mps making speeches on the stand with the others booing . 
  the upper house of the eu is the [ council of the european union ] ( http://www.euspeak.eu/wp-content/uploads/council-of-the-european-unon.jpg ) , the council of europe is n't an eu institution . 
  we have a speaking parliament : when it 's not a shouting match , it 's a literal fist fight . 
  oops . 
  guess that 's what happens when you only read the bold bits . 
  there is , but it is n't as clear in islam due to the literary style of the books .
