  whereas the bible , especially genesis , is basically a narrative about the world , quran is ( supposedly ) made up of things god told to mohammed , so it reads more like a long list of commandments . 
  when it talks about creation , it 's usually along the lines of `` tell them to worship us ( royal we ) , the creator of all that lives . 
  '' , so it 's hard to discern exactly what is meant . 
  ~ ~ it seems none of the larger cities were included in the study . 
  i imagine the results would lean further towards atheism if they had been . ~ ~ e : i misread the article . 
  uh , hallo ? 
  i do n't speak a single word of dutch but that sentence still felt hilarious . 
  erdogan acts as if he 's a champion of democracy and human rights because even if the people do n't see that he is n't , saying it outright would lose supporters . 
  unyielding is a better fit . 
  the hms prefix can also be used in place of the prefix of any monarchy 's prefix in english , although not always formally . 
  the young turks were militants who dragged the country into wwi to reclaim lost colonies and committed genocide . 
  they just happened to be the group that weakened the emperor 's power , but they did it to strengthen their own , albeit under a fa\u00e7ade of democratic reform . 
  same thing happened in late ottoman empire , in late 19th and early 20th century . 
  it means `` freedom of '' , `` basin ozgurlugu '' means `` freedom of press '' . 
  let 's not discriminate , all borek is perfect . 
   still , that 's just a particular court of higher authority , rather than an alternative . 
  it is , but it would be no different from having a state as a high authority . 
  we already surrender our individual sovereignty to the state and we ( mostly ) see the state as a legitimate higher power because it is democratically governed . 
  that 's the important thing . 
   no individual needs to be named , or found guilty of wrongdoing , for the government to lose a case - the government as an institution can be found to be in the wrong . 
  people and the offices they hold are indistinguishable and the state is simply the collection of these offices . 
  without officials , there is no state . 
  if there is no state , the state does not act . 
  therefore it is the officials that act , not the state itself . 
  however , as you said , the state can be found to be in the wrong for the actions of these officials , even long after their deaths . 
  this is not a criminal case , but an inquiry into whether someone has been wronged . 
  no one needs to be punished or compensated , but the state might decide to do so . 
  my point is that it is an internal investigation . 
   i think you 're also blurring the distinction between government and state . 
  a state can not do anything that 's like saying i 'm blurring the line between me and my brain . 
  the government is the decision making organ of the state , but it is nonetheless a part of the state . 
  the state has other parts that act , albeit with limited autonomy . 
  a police officer or a clerk in a state institution still acts , just in accordance with the directives given to them by the government . 
  and they too can be found to be at fault if they fail to follow said directives . 
   can you suggest another alternative ? 
  a democratic surrender of sovereignty . 
  the most obvious alternative is the un . 
  it is already a well-established organization with some degree of authority over all known sentient life . 
  with a little push , it can be democratised . 
  it can mediate deals ( of any kind , while we 're at it ) that do n't fall under the jurisdiction of any one state . 
  a democratic un would also help with other international issues we face , such as establishing a unified response to global warming or addressing the legitimacy problem of international military action . 
  yeah , you 're right , i concede my first point . 
  i realise that my argument is poorly researched but your first paragraph directly contradicts the quote from wikipedia so i want to talk a little about that :  between 1995 and 1997 the canadian government banned the export of toxic pcb waste , in order to comply with its obligations under the basel convention the page for the basel convention reads :  the basel convention on the control of transboundary movements of hazardous wastes and their disposal , usually known as the basel convention , is an international treaty that was designed to reduce the movements of hazardous waste between nations , and specifically to prevent transfer of hazardous waste from developed to less developed countries ( ldcs ) . 
  it does not , however , address the movement of radioactive waste . 
  the convention is also intended to minimize the amount and toxicity of wastes generated , to ensure their environmentally sound management as closely as possible to the source of generation , and to assist ldcs in environmentally sound management of the hazardous and other wastes they generate . 
  the convention was opened for signature on 22 march 1989 , and entered into force on 5 may 1992 . 
  as of november 2016 , 184 states and the european union are parties to the convention . 
  haiti and the united states have signed the convention but not ratified it . 
  [ ... ] in addition to conditions on the import and export of the above wastes , there are stringent requirements for notice , consent and tracking for movement of wastes across national boundaries . 
  it is of note that the convention places a general prohibition on the exportation or importation of wastes between parties and non-parties . 
  [ ... ] parties are generally prohibited from exporting covered wastes to , or import covered waste from , non-parties to the convention . 
  this sounds to me like canada is under obligation to ban the export of this particular waste product . 
  in that case , the example from the isds article reads a lot like the nafta tribunal ruled that the profits of this us company take precedence over canada 's obligation as outlined in this other treaty . 
  also , i want to argue another point that is n't about that particular wikipedia article . 
  the state is not a party to anything , it is the mediator . 
  even in cases where private parties sue state institutions , what is in fact on trial are individual persons who may have abused their positions . 
  the court , which is a part of the state itself , serves as an internal audit and if the state servants are found to be at fault , the state promises to reprimand them and apologise to their victims in their stead . 
  this does not mean the court is an authority higher than the state . 
  indeed , by definition , there can not be an authority higher than a sovereign state . 
  to give someone , anyone , authority over the state is then , by definition , a breach of sovereignty . 
  additionally , to give someone other than the voting population authority over the state is undemocratic . 
  creating a higher authority , such as an isds tribunal , that is not democratically elected is not inherently wrong , but it is , by definition , undemocratic . 
  in my personal opinion , there must not be any authority higher than that which is democratically elected . 
   if the isds panel finds that the law does n't discriminate against foreign companies , or that it 's for the public good , there will be no recompense . 
  [ apparently that 's not always the case . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/investor-state_dispute_settlement#examples ) wikipedia lists several examples that are clear violations of sovereignty . 
   * between 1995 and 1997 the canadian government banned the export of toxic pcb waste , in order to comply with its obligations under the basel convention , of which the united states is not a party . 
  waste treatment company s.d. 
  myers then sued the canadian government under nafta chapter 11 for $ 20 million in damages . 
  the claim was upheld by a nafta tribunal in 2000 . 
   * in october 2012 , an icsid tribunal awarded a judgment of $ 1.8 billion for occidental petroleum against the government of ecuador . 
  additionally , ecuador had to pay $ 589 million in backdated compound interest and half of the costs of the tribunal , making its total penalty around $ 2.4 billion . 
  the south american country annulled a contract with the oil firm on the grounds that it violated a clause that the company would not sell its rights to another firm without permission . 
  the tribunal agreed the violation took place but judged that the annulment was not fair and equitable treatment to the company . 
   * in april 1997 the canadian parliament banned the import and transport of mmt , a gasoline additive , over concerns that it poses a significant public health risk . 
  ethyl corporation , the additive 's manufacturer , sued the canadian government under nafta chapter 11 for $ 251 million , to cover losses resulting from the `` expropriation '' of both its mmt production plant and its `` good reputation '' . 
   * on august 25 , 2008 , dow agrosciences llc , a u.s. corporation , served a notice of intent to submit a claim to arbitration under chapter 11 of nafta , for losses allegedly caused by a quebec ban on the sale and certain uses of lawn pesticides containing the active ingredient 2,4-d . 
  the tribunal issued a consent award as the parties to the dispute reached a settlement . 
  governments can fuck them over if they please , that 's the whole point of sovereignty . 
  governments have every right to say `` yeah we 're no longer going to allow this particular act in our territory '' and everyone has to abide by that rule . 
  if the citizens do n't like that rule , they can vote for politicians who will change it , and if anyone thinks they 've been treated in an illegal manner they can apply to the country 's judicial system . 
  however , only citizens get a say in what will become law , corporations do not . 
  in short ; corporations already have a way , in the form of local judiciary , of challenging the application of laws ; and they should not have a say in the making of laws anyway . 
  thus , isds is redundant at best , undemocratic at worst . 
  the fact that it 's the norm does n't make it right . 
  i support international trade and i realise we 've grown completely dependant on it . 
  but that 's not an excuse for granting corporations power over democratically elected governments and i firmly believe we can make international trade work without that . 
  the difference is the judiciary , in cases where persons or private entities sue the government , checks whether the government has acted in accordance with its own laws . 
  the lawmaking process itself is not within the jurisdiction of the judiciary . 
  some countries allow people to sue individual laws , but even then the court decides whether that particular law is in accordance with the constitution , and the legislative still has all authority to change the constitution the way it wants . 
  again , i admit i 'm not well informed , but iirc ttip would grant corporations a way to force the legislative process . 
  that is completely undemocratic and goes against the notion of sovereignty . 
  yes . 
  corporations , or any private entity for that matter , can not be granted authority over democratically elected governments . 
  i admit i 'm not very well informed on it , the opposition , or the negotiation process , but iirc it included a clause that would allow corporations to sue governments for making laws that reduced profits , which is completely unacceptable to me . 
  i believe it is entirely possible to have functioning global trade without undermining democracy , but ttip is n't it . 
  ttip was a bad deal anyway , not just from a nationalist perspective . 
  it 's not all rainbows and sunshine , some 80 % of our working age women are either in unpaid labour or willingly unemployed , compared to about 30 % in men . 
  [ source ] ( http://siteresources.worldbank.org/turkeyextn/resources/361711-1268839345767/female_lfp-en.pdf ), 
  oh , i misunderstood .
