they are in the european economic area , which means they are * almost * eu members . 
  eu citizens can live in eea countries and eea citizens can live in eu countries . 
  along with norway , iceland and liechtenstein are also eea members . 
  we do n't have princesses yet . 
  the cypriot flag is a bit too complicated to be drawn in a tiny pixelated heart though . 
  it 's supposed to be [ a bit sideways ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/b4/flag_of_turkey.svg ) but it 's hard to do with the pixels . 
  does n't need to be a group , as far as we know there was one assailant that acted alone . 
  i think it 's safe to say every political group has at least one crazy person in it . 
  i was n't blaming the eu , i just thought it was possible that some crazy violent person had a problem with it . 
  ah , i thought it was on the 23rd , thank you . 
  was n't the pm supposed to trigger article 50 tomorrow ? 
  my first thought was that . 
  i do n't remember . 
  i just tried to open the picture and it was blocked . 
   9.4 million , 62,828, 
  i think it 's a matter of preference , i find most of the original series boring because it focuses too much on one single character in my opinion . 
  as for the sand thing ( and other cringy dialogue involving anakin ) , you need to remember he 's an edgy teenager talking to his first crush . 
  anakin 's 19 in episode 2 . 
  it 's not that the writing or acting is bad , it 's that anakin does n't know how to talk to his crush . 
  overall , the prequels tell a story that is more compelling to me . 
  the originals are the coming of age story of a farm boy with magic powers , with a galactic war just kinda happening on the background . 
  the prequels , especially with the addition of the clone wars , are the story of how a millennia old democracy was brought to its knees through deceit , with anakin as someone who happened to play a pivotal role in this galactic event . 
  i disagree . 
  i think the problem is that the prequels are intended to be films of a different type , so you get disappointed if you go in expecting more of the same as the originals . 
  on their own , the prequels are pretty good films and episode 3 is the perfect conclusion to a trilogy of this type . 
  fun fact : that site is blocked in turkey . 
  except now the us is getting closer with russia . 
  the international community has been raising eyebrows at erdogan for a while now . 
  akp would still be in power . 
  the current pm would probably rule until elections can be held . 
  if erdogan survives a bit longer after the referendum , he 'll have the authority to appoint his own deputy , who would serve the remainder of the ~ ~ president 's ~ ~ god-emperor 's term in case of his death . 
   the remaining jedi will be hunted down and defeated !, 
  any collaborators will suffer the same fate . 
  these have been trying times , but we have passed the test . 
  the attempt on my life has left me scarred and deformed , but i assure you my resolve has never been stronger . 
  the war is over . 
  the separatists have been defeated , and the jedi rebellion has been foiled . 
  we stand on the threshold of a new beginning . 
  in order to ensure our security and continuing stability , the republic will be reorganized into the first galactic empire , for a safe and secure society , which i assure you will last for ten thousand years . 
  an empire that will continue to be ruled by this august body and a sovereign ruler chosen for life . 
  an empire ruled by the majority , ruled by a new constitution !, 
  literally from palpatine 's speech . 
  how 's trump relevant to this ? 
  also , the dutch have no obligation to turkish citizens . 
  it 's completely reasonable to expect immigrants to be able to speak your language . 
  i agree with their reasons , but still ... 
  there are still turkish citizens in europe . 
  i do n't think it 's any different than a group of turkish citizens holding a rally in netherlands themselves . 
  i 'm not sure how i feel about this . 
  on one hand , it feels undemocratic to block political rallies , on the other hand they 'd probably be spewing hate if they were n't blocked , not that they 'll stop now . 
  regardless , it 'll doubtless be their next `` evil europeans hate us '' talking point . 
  so you did n't just delete the others ? 
  huh , must be a bug on my end then . 
  no , because you posted the same comment 5 times in a row . 
  you alright mate ? 
  huh ? 
  we 're fit ? 
  heresy is what it is . 
  the `` making money '' statistic is apparently based on gdp per capita , which means it just divides the total production of the country by its population , without taking factors like income inequality into consideration . 
  i do n't have the stats for sweden , but for the us , the gdp per capita ( as indicated in the website ) is 52 800 usd while the median personal income ( before tax ) is actually 30 240 usd . 
  in reality , about 74 % of americans make less than 52 800 usd ( again , before tax ) . 
  huh . 
  are there any studies into how ? 
  depends on who you 're asking , apparently : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_ ( nominal ), 
  eh , i still thought it was funny . 
  i 'm sure someone will see it that way . 
  the left is okay with them because left-leaning criminal deviance theories hold that criminals are victims of circumstance , rather than people who knowingly choose to be objectively evil . 
  you do realise that the islamists are the far-right of muslim countries , right ? 
  e : how is this so controversial ? 
  turkey maintains the second largest military force in nato . 
  it might not be a great ally but it 'd be a dangerous enemy as a russian ally . 
  see, 
  yeah , [ we ] ( http://i.internethaber.com/images/gallery/27594/3.jpg ) had [ that ] ( https://img-s2.onedio.com/id-51ae0b185883bbee0e00000d/rev-1/raw/s-669554110b3ed7b13ca561ebbefa41e41ea45e8a.jpg ) too . 
  is n't the us motto `` in god we trust '' ? 
  is that concrete ? 
  yeah , they came about when people realised the traditional forts were pretty much useless against cannons . 
  the star forts are fascinating marvels of engineering , really . 
  and they look really pretty . 
  what torture ? 
  we do n't have torture . 
  they beat themselves up when they realise their treason against our glorious supreme leader . 
  that 's `` zay\u0131f '' though . 
  i have no idea what saif means . 
  hungary 's is a fashion model . 
  she was quite famous in turkey for a while . 
  the problem is n't that you do n't need a majority to rule ( well , that 's also a problem but that 's besides the point ) , the problem is that there are only two parties . 
  with only two sides , it 's really easy to make it into an us vs them thing . 
  if no one has a majority , you get cooperation and compromise , the core values of democracy . 
  did n't the tories campaign against leaving ? 
  does n't the parliament have the final say in actually triggering article 50 ? 
  okay , now i feel like an idiot for not thinking of this . 
  how was that name not taken until 11 months ago ? 
  `` ocak '' means stove in turkish . 
  it does n't make any sense . 
  it could mean the state collected more tax than it expected to , which in turn could mean people earned and spent more than expected ; although it could also not have a link . 
  yes . 
  the referendum had zero legal power , it was essentially an opinion poll . 
  although , obviously , it would make a lot of people very unhappy . 
  you 're only there part time . 
  you can wing it until it 's time to go back home .
