  the 23rd of april commemorates the foundation of the parliament in 1920 , 19th of may commemorates the start of the war of independence in 1919 , 30th of august the final battle in the war in 1922 , and 29th of october the official declaration of the republic in 1923 . 
  each of these is celebrated in schools , as well as in large events in the major cities . 
  in turkey there are n't any special exams for graduating high school , you just need to pass 12th grade as you need to pass the others . 
  however , there is a massive two-stage exam that consists of 6 sessions - 1 in mid-march and 5 in mid-june - that determines whether you can go to university and which ones . 
  students usually spend the entire 12th grade studying for those exams , even neglecting normal school . 
  i once met someone from rural netherlands on the internet . 
  he said the people of amsterdam are `` efficient to the point of rudeness '' . 
  honestly , i do n't see why that 's a bad thing . 
  turkey has a similar system with one nation-wide exam in march , followed by a set of 5 in june , and special schools called * dershane * that most students go to in addition to normal high school , although we usually study for one year . 
  during my time in high school , within 4 years , 7 high school students committed suicide in the nearby metro station . 
  i live in ankara and it 's usually 6-7 liras in the cheap student bars in kizilay . 
  an easy and relatively accurate way of converting celsius to fahrenheit is doubling the celsius value and adding 32 . 
  if you want to be more accurate , multiply by 1,8 instead of 2 . 
  depending on how fancy the bar is and which type of beer you get , a 0,5 l beer costs anywhere between 6-12 liras ( 1,55-3 ,10 eur , 1,70-3 ,40 usd ) . 
  some fancy bars also have an entrance fee of around 25 liras ( 6,40 eur , 7,05 usd ) . 
  it 's treason then . 
  with ... celery ? 
  seriously ? 
  yeah , you would n't have to endure the peanut butter . 
  but the bread is already savory . 
  you can just put less nutella and the bread will balance it out ? 
  turkey . 
  we have meatballs too but no one seems to know . 
  they look like these : [ regular ] ( https://www.gurmerehberi.com/wp-content/uploads/2005/12/inegol-kofte.jpg ) , [ uncooked ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/2d/turkish_%c3%a7i%c4%9f_k%c3%b6fte.jpg/1200px-turkish_%c3%a7i%c4%9f_k%c3%b6fte.jpg ) and [ `` watery '' ] ( http://www.hurrem.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/sulu-kofte-tarifi.jpg ), 
  well , there are two kinds of turkish nationalism : mhp are , as i said , conservative supremacists ; but chp , who are post-revolutionary nationalists , are leftists . 
  before hdp came about , chp was * the * leftist party in parliament . 
  e : btw , hdp did n't weaken chp either . 
  you see , the opposition parties do n't do much in turkey . 
  since akp has parliamentary majority , it can do whatever it wants and the other parties ca n't do anything they want . 
  so really , it does n't matter as long as their vote remains over 10 % . 
  i think it 's just that they 've talked about it more . 
  before the last election , they were the only party that even mentioned lgbt rights , they also talked a lot about environmental issues . 
  they have a lot of women mps and even two co-leaders , one of which is a woman . 
  other parties have also approached similar issues , but focused on them a lot less . 
  for example , all three of the other major parties placed more women in their rosters compared to previous terms , but they were still behind hdp . 
  they managed to snag some of the votes of the people who did n't care much about the kurds , but cared about the environment for example . 
  although these votes were primarily taken from chp , so it did n't do much to weaken akp 's position . 
  in my experience , kurdish independence groups usually have a leftist undertone ( pkk is literally short for kurdistan workers ' party , for example ) . 
  although i do n't think any other group has managed to bring it to the foreground to garner the support of turkish leftists before . 
  yes , most of the people that emigrated to europe were of lower classes and akp dominates the lower class demographic . 
  furthermore , living among so many christians can increase one 's muslim victim complex . 
  i 'm sorry you guys got involved in our mess , good luck with your elections . 
  it is , erdogan and the media are stoking the flames to increase the yes votes in the referendum . 
  it 's feeding their victim complex . 
  akp , or justice and development party is one of the more recent additions to turkish politics but they 've succeeded some other parties , which were largely unsuccessful . 
  to understand their views and their voters , one must examine the political history of the country . 
  turkey was founded on secular ideals but not everyone agreed with these , it was n't much of a people 's revolution . 
  for several decades , the state suppressed islamism , or rather anything it perceived as islamism : for example , for a long while it was illegal to wear a headscarf in any education institution ( including universities ) or in state departments . 
  akp was born out of that decades of victimisation ; when erdogan , who had been arrested for reading a poem that criticized the regime in public , ( and some others ) founded the party , many muslims saw it as a chance at religious freedom . 
  you probably know how it turned out once akp took power . 
  chp , or republican people 's party is one of the oldest parties in the republic , and it is the oldest according to official history ( some sources claim the communist party is older ) . 
  chp was founded by the original mps of the turkish parliament , during the revolution , and it still follows those guiding principles more or less . 
  however , in practice , its rhetoric has shifted towards an anti-akp one . 
  it seems as if the party 's only goal now is replacing akp , they have no clear policy goals . 
  parliamentary sessions often turn into shouting matches between akp and chp mps , and each party opposes proposals by the other on principle , regardless of the contents of the proposals . 
  they used to have a stronger rhetoric , but they lost their spirit when their leader resigned after erdogan revealed a video recording of him having extra-marital sex in a hotel . 
  mhp , or nationalist movement party is one of the lesser known parties abroad . 
  they are pretty much turkic supremacists . 
  while they are vocally muslim , they do n't advocate for islamist policies . 
  their policies are classically conservative , sometimes economically leaning towards socialism . 
  they advocate for raising the minimum wage , they sometimes even talk about basic income . 
  however , the bulk of their rhetoric is about a strong state , with a strong military commanded by a strong leader . 
  their leadership has recently conceded that erdogan might become this strong leader , though their voters are n't entirely convinced . 
  hdp , or peoples ' [ sic ] democratic party is the most recent one among the major parties . 
  it surfaced as the major kurdish party after the previous one , dtp was shut down by order of the supreme court over allegations of supporting terrorism . 
  like previous kurdish parties , it advocates for greater freedom for the kurdish people living in turkey , such as the right to receive education primarily in kurdish ; they are also the furthest-left party in parliament , they frequently take anti-war , pro-lgbt , feminist and environmentalist stances . 
  unfortunately , a lot of people see them as terrorist supporters , referring to their entry into the parliament as a `` pkk infiltration of government '' . 
  do n't quote me on this but i think hdp also has the largest percentage of women mps and is the only party with multiple people as co-leaders . 
  there are numerous other parties , but none of them have any seats in parliament and are n't likely to get any in the near future because in turkey , you need to get at least 10 % of the popular vote to get any seats . 
  we have a trump but it ceased to be amusing long ago . 
  well , that 's not the scientific meaning . 
  fyi , if by take home income you mean income after tax , the official term is disposable income . 
  i 'm pretty sure europe is the canada of europe . 
  it 's not legal but it 's not punishable either . 
  however , if the light is red for you , you cross anyway , and a car hits you , you 'll be solely responsible . 
  on the other hand , if there is n't a light , only a crosswalk , it 's completely legal to cross anytime and cars have to stop if there are people crossing . 
  we have the * t\u00fcrk dil kurumu * ( turkish language institute ) . 
  they are in charge of standardizing , and sometimes simplifying and modernising turkish , as well as publishing and maintaining the official , exhaustive turkish dictionary . 
  it 's alright . 
  its user base is pretty consistent with the turks in european subs and in reddit in general , which is to say it does n't represent the country 's population very well . 
  also , it 's nice to have a place to ask about local things without having to sign up to a weird local website with an unfamiliar design . 
  yeah , i know :(, 
  regional governing bodies similar to municipalities are necessary , i agree . 
  what i meant is that they should derive their power solely from the united earth state , not the other way around . 
  i think the un needs to be restructured so that the authority lies with the general assembly , rather than the security council , and that no country has unilateral veto power . 
  then , i think the un should be granted greater authority over member states and absolute authority over other international organisations like wto and imf . 
  i also think the long term goal of the un should be transforming into a global , unitary government with democratic representation and completely replacing regional governments . 
  i also think a mixed economy should still exist for luxury goods and services . 
  the state should only provide for necessities . 
  not only healthcare , i think the state should provide free public transportation , electricity , drinking water , internet access , 16 years of education , basic housing and basic income for consumables to every citizen . 
  i spend most of my day at [ school ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l5tfbth85-u ) when it 's not winter break . 
  ( i do n't take the bus very often but it was the best video i could find of the campus . ), 
  i think the campus is so beautiful that i actually feel proud to be a part of it . 
  most of these look pretty good . 
  you 're probably not going to get any new commenters , since it 's already at 0 points ; but you might be able to salvage a conversation with the people that are already here . 
  maybe you 'd like to rephrase your question , edit the post , in a way that is n't ridiculously vague ? 
  the confusion stems from the difference between classical liberalism and social liberalism . 
  there 's nothing subjective about it . 
  classical liberalism advocates for utmost liberty for the individual , minimal state that only serves to protect life and property of the individual against direct attacks ( theft , murder and war ) , and a market economy free of state intervention . 
  social liberalism says the state has to intervene , especially economically , to preserve individual liberties .
