  in any case , i think the eu should strive for gradually increasing integration and transform first into the ef , then the er . 
  no , i meant the european republic . 
  federation is only a step towards a unitary state . 
  they had banned the popular ones like zenmate and tunnelbear , but they seem to be back up now . 
  i 'm too dependent on chrome to use opera , besides i use the zenmate plugin . 
  i think that site 's also blocked . 
  or it 's under heavy load . 
  i 'm also on google dns . 
  the price i pay for 100 mbps ... 
  who 's your isp ? 
  because i 'm on superonline and en.wikipedia.org and tr.wikipedia.org are both blocked for me . 
  huh , maybe ? 
  my isp is superonline . 
  yeah , i 've been using it non-stop for years now . 
  no , it was actually blocked but there are different methods of blocking websites and some of them can be circumvented with a simple dns change , while others require more advanced methods . 
  it 's possible they changed methods during the day . 
  e : i just checked again , and it 's still inaccessible with opendns . 
  i was well versed in the art of copying wikipedia articles onto slides back in middle school . 
  maybe he 's one of the kids that make their parents do their homework . 
  we 've been trying for a decade now . 
  zenmate had stopped working with the last youtube ban , is it working again ? 
  everyone is an overstatement but it 's certainly more common than getting a vpn . 
  but i always use google 's opendns and i could n't access wikipedia at the time i wrote the first comment , although i guess it 's possible it 's accessible now . 
  among tech-savvy circles , very . 
  however , very few normal people even know of their existence . 
  also , paid vpn services are rather expensive due to the exchange rate . 
  i can confirm that i ca n't enter even with a dns change , which means they 're taking it more seriously than usual . 
  nah , we 'll just circumvent the ban rather than do proper research . 
  getting everyone to agree on a single emperor/empress of europe might be difficult though . 
  poland would probably vote against it . 
  you have my vote . 
  the 12 % undecided is essentially people who would n't vote if the referendum were to be repeated now . 
  with only 88 % of the eligible people voting , 45 % of the eligible voters constitute 51,136 % of the total vote , which is a majority . 
  well , he won by a minority , so technically , he 's ( or at least was at the time of the election ) more hated than hillary . 
  what kind of a y is that ? 
  it might seem logical to back your words with force when you 're right , but the kid does n't know and does n't care that you 're right . 
  to him , you 're backing your wishes with force against his wishes ; to him that 's unfair and teaches him that the way for getting his wishes is through force . 
  that way , you will only bring up a violent kid that believes you acted unjustly towards him . 
  also , the us may have helped europe against fascism decades ago , but today europe stands for democracy despite the us , not because of it . 
  make no mistake , the us ' interests do not align with democracy . 
  coups are kind of a common occurrence in turkey , i do n't think anyone would be that surprised if it were an actual coup either . 
  as for his consolidation of power , they see it as normal , it 's pretty much in line with traditional conservatism . 
  one of the central tenets of conservatism is obedience to a traditional authority , basically monarchy . 
  it wo n't actually weaken it though . 
  turkey has a massive agriculture sector and a decent industry . 
  even if all international trade with turkey ceased , it would be able to sustain itself with only the electronics and tourism sectors falling short , which would n't be too bad . 
  it would be bad enough to hurt the turkish people 's view of other countries , but not enough to cause erdogan to lose power . 
  i firmly believe the best way of dealing with it is to treat them as you would treat a child throwing a temper tantrum : step back , act as if nothing 's happening and wait it out . 
  one way or another he 's going to lose power , until then i think it 's best not to anger the child , else he might go break a vase or something . 
  everyone , apparently . 
  akp supporters think the eu uses turkey for its own goals with hollow promises of membership , they cite the recent deal where turkey agreed to halt the passage of syrian refugees , for example . 
  on a larger scale , many turks have a massive victim complex and genuinely believe western powers are secretly plotting to fracture or destroy turkey and partition it between the kurds , the armenians and maybe even the greeks . 
  i do n't agree , but many do . 
  so that 's why their population 's so low - they keep sacrificing their newborn . 
  yes . 
  in turkey , you need 2/3 majority in the parliament , or 51 % in the parliament to put the proposal to a referendum and 51 % in the referendum itself , to change the constitution . 
  it 's a legally established way of doing it . 
  the supreme electoral board ( the highest authority on the matter ) has announced that the yes vote won by a margin of approximately 1 million and 250 thousand votes , but that 's not the final results . 
  there have been some appeals and recount requests , the seb said they expect it will take up to 12 days until they can investigate the appeals and come to a final conclusion . 
  in reality however , the exact percentage of the votes may change but it 's very unlikely that the result will . 
  there were some surprising things . 
  ankara and istanbul have traditionally been under akp control but they voted no . 
  you 're right . 
  akp supporters feel he is a strong leader who makes turkey stronger so it can endure its enemies . 
  it helps that we like to perceive absolutely everything as a threat - that 's a tradition that predates akp . 
  there 's an old saying , `` a turk 's only ally is a turk . 
  '' , erdogan has managed to successfully capitalize on that . 
  i disagree on the sanctions though . 
  they will only serve as an example for erdogan point to and say `` look at the evil europeans trying to weaken us !, 
  '' , and they will widen the divide even more . 
  it might be better for the image of western governments to sanction turkey , but it would n't be better for the people here . 
  could be worse . 
  yeah we do n't get it either . 
  kiosk as in kiosk in english ? 
  because that 's not a word in turkish . 
  ttnet is the internet provider arm of the previously state-owned telecommunications company turk telekom . 
  i do n't think they 're as bad as comcast , they just have terrible network performance . 
  they only provide dsl to where i live , even though i live in the second largest city , and their dsl network ca n't support more than 8 mbps , which drops to 3 at peak hours . 
  a couple months ago i switched to a different provider that does stable 100 mbps fiber here , and ttnet called me 7 times to come back to them . 
  one good thing about them is that when they ban websites it 's extremely easy to circumvent it . 
  i need a vpn with my new isp . 
  it 's not called the eu council , it 's the european council . 
  this is important because there is a separate institution called the council of the european union . 
  it 's the upper house of the eu 's legislative branch , whereas the european council is essentially the head of state , but just happens to be 28 people at once . 
  the coeu has 10 different configurations that change depending on the topic being discussed , and it 's made up of the relevant cabinet ministers from each member state ( so for example it 's made up of the 28 agriculture ministers when a law about agriculture is being discussed ) . 
  there is also the council of europe , which is n't an eu institution at all . 
  anyway , to add to that , the lawmaking process in the eu is a little bit different to how it works in many countries . 
  first , the commission has to propose a new law , neither the european parliament nor the council of the european union can just make any law they want . 
  once a law is proposed by the commision , more than 50 % of the members of european parliament and more than 55 % of the coeu representing more than 65 % of the eu population must agree for it to pass . 
  the council and the commission have a fair bit of more power than the parliament , especially considering the fact that councilors are cabinet ministers in their countries . 
  the parliament serves as a veto mechanism , rather than a decision-making one . 
  they can , technically , veto everything put in front of them , but the parliament lacks the power to change anything , they can only slow down the change if they do n't like the direction . 
  so ultimately , most of the power in the eu lies with the european council . 
  they directly nominate the president of the commission and the high representative ( of the union for foreign affairs and security policy - basically the foreign and defence minister of the eu ) . 
  as the leaders of their respective countries , they also hold significant power over who gets to become cabinet ministers ( and therefore councilors of the european union ) and who gets nominated for the other 26 commission positions . 
  the parliament can veto the nomination of the commissioners ( except for the hr ) but they ca n't nominate anyone themselves . 
  even though these 28 european councilors are all elected in their countries , they are n't elected at the eu level ; and since every member state gets one seat in the european council , malta with its 429 344 citizens has as much ( de jure ) say as germany with its 82\u00a0301\u00a0678 citizens , which means ( assuming equal age distribution and voting age ) one maltese citizen has as much say in eu politics as 192 german citizens . 
  e : so it all boils down to whether the eu should be a union of countries , or of people . 
  right now , it is the former . 
  we have four national days !,
