  guys ? 
  based on whose definitions ? 
  arguable it is the opposite by definition , and only the way you describe by very very recent conotations . 
  could always try and revive old english , or old high brittonic . 
  not really , theres the odd shop where the manager is old as all fuck , and was born in foreign lands , and thus has rudimentary english , enough to distinguish that yes , the product the pasty englishman is waving at me is indeed what he wants to buy . 
  but there is almost without exception always a wee lass or laddie who is their son or grandson who was born or at least mostly raised in the uk , and thus has perfect english with the slightest hint of a mysterious and interesting accent . 
  even if the dude in the polski sklep did n't speak a word of english it would n't really impede 99 % of all store operations . 
  it is a thing . 
  likes country lots , but does n't consider country inherently superior to all others because of some ineffable bullshit . 
  my nationalistic tendencies extend about as far as my county because i think it has the coolest motto . 
  gross dereliction of duty , and teachers are all child protecion officers . 
  not to deliberately take the bait but , `` not really '' . 
   anyone who wants to give the whole `` not really '' argument needs look no farther than the name itself . 
  nsdap was called that way for a reason . 
  i can refute that reasoning with four letters . 
  dprk . 
  it is neither democratic , for the people , or a republic . 
  it is n't even all of korea as the title implies . 
  best korea is only korea . 
  the nazis where a very interesting chefs salad of often contradictory political idealogies . 
  they would classify as economically socialist but socially extremely right wing . 
  their political z axis was authoritarian dictatorship . 
  the soviets where only arguably communist , they claimed they where and enacted some communist sounding ideas but fundamentally they where just a very oppressive extremist socialist totalitarian regime . 
  the far right and far left are not the same to an educated individual . 
  any suitably observant child can pick out the differences , and why the similarities make them seem insignificant . 
  what the `` far '' anythings really share is that they are favoured by arseholes . 
  the kind of people who believe they should be able to force their dogma on other people . 
  there is however a point where the left and right extremists form a singularity , we call this george orwells 1984 ,, 
  horseshoe theory , the far right and far left are far more similiar than they are different ,, 
  ahh , yes , britain , that tiny little island that waged an opium war to fund our tea habit ,, 
  if you look closely , you can see monsieur hollande perched above his * massive * balls . 
  `` uhh , defending ethnic russian-speaking turks ... something something ... darkside '', 
   not all parents are programmers capable of creating complex internet filtering programs . 
  just google a pissing safe search filter , it does n't take a chief technical officer to stick on some piss basic filters . 
  i sha n't object if you oust these tory windbags , and put ~ ~ obi wan ~ ~ mr.corbyn in charge . 
  edit, 
  english has a word for everything . 
  it 's got fucking ridiculous grammar rules , and a total mess to learn , but it 's got a vocabulary like a rich alcoholics wine cellar . 
  the bit 's of the uk that are n't densely populated are either cliffs , mountains , or farms . 
  or devon , but devon is basically just lots of smaller cliffs all smooshed into one county , with houses in all the available cracks . 
  this coming from the bear in the tight shirt and jeans flexing at us ,, 
  yeah , in the uk we just know you as the country [ with two bears fighting over a pineapple . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/smnx11y0dvo?t=5m13s ), 
  i was quite clearly agreeing by adding an example situation . 
  ... well yeah that 's exactly my point . 
  expressing sympathy or understanding of motives does not imply picking the side of daesh . 
   many people might be sympathetic to the plight of the palestinians , but that does n't mean they are hamas yeah , i sympathise with both sides of that example because it was a total mess from the get go , and it 's devolved into both sides being awful to eachother , and the innocents are the victims of the conflict . 
  does n't mean i 'd pick a side to support . 
  yeah , the last few conservative governments have ben about as corupt as it gets as far as arms sales go . 
  i include blair in that . 
  dangerous tools in public are banned , possessing them and transporting them are not at all banned . 
  machetes are brush clearing knives for dense foliage . 
  it 's also a term applied to any knife larger than a pairing knife whenever the media reports a knife assault , so chances are it is not a machete , just a big knife from a kitchen ,, 
  indeed . 
  if someone broke into my sisters room right now and tried to attack her and i beat the ever loving crap out of them i would still be detained for a brief period until the constabulary establish the facts of the matter . 
  islam is not a fundamentalist death cult . 
  that 's simply an indefensible opinion . 
  wahhabism could be given such a description , but 1.6 billion people being hell bent suicidal cultists is simply ridiculous . 
  some kitchens , the internet , knife shops , gardening suppliers . 
  i bought and had a bastard sword blade delivered to my house without having to display proof of age , or go through any legislation . 
  and other than looking pretty , being a project sword , and re-enactment it 's a hell of a lot less useful than a big knife . 
  if i where a chef , or gardener such large bladed implements are quite necessary . 
  you can not effectively teach language without teaching customs , and social cues . 
  even if you speak completely fluent-on-paper english you 'll be fucked if you do n't have someone fluent to point out well crafted sarcasm , and certain idioms , customs etc. 
  i never said it was a major part . 
  it does n't agree with the brexit side . 
  therefore it must be wrong . 
  that 's a really dodgy map . 
  why is brighton pavillion an entire hexagon inland ? 
  it 's an eight hundred year long twelve volume mish mash of contradictory documents written in three different languages that are all english . 
  the cherry picking is real . 
  then again , constitutions are overruled , cherry picked and reinterpretted all the time ,, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2011_england_riots dude , one of the biggest stories in recent years . 
   at the end of a football season , 2nd place does n't riot because 1st place was granted the winner . 
  have you ever been in a major city after a football match ? 
  just to add , we do actually have a constitution of sorts , it 's just an eight hundred year old twelve volume shitshow of an excuse for a constitution . 
  it is written , but by gods does it need an abrdiged version . 
  when people say constitution they almost always think of that nice stack of a3 's the americans have . 
  while the magna carta and twelve volumes of contradictory madness are an absolute mess of a constitution , it 's the one we 've got . 
  cheers on that . 
  meant to look into the affair when i got wind of the idea , but procrastinated ,, 
  aye , apparently isis are trying to fulfill the prophecies . 
  theres something about a battle in a certain field between the jihad , and the soldiers of room . 
  they seem to think the west is rome , and as such are trying to bait a fight . 
  and thus we reach the crux of the matter , schools frequently ignore common sense and efficiency for the sake of stupid rules that achieve nothing . 
  i would also ask why do you need to pray at school ? 
  no , i 'm genuinely asking how they intend to suspend students for something protected by a number of international conventions . 
  how ? 
  what legal basis would they have for that ? 
  then do it wherever you have lunch . 
  it 's a school not colditz . 
  yes . 
  pissing is a biological necessity . 
  religion is not . 
  do it at lunch . 
  whose going to stop them ? 
  go sit on the playing field at lunch , ponder existence , say your graces , etc , what are they going to do ? 
  it 's free time . 
  what are they gon na do , send in a swat team ? 
  they can hardly do anything if the students want to pray at lunch times .
