he ordered the destruction of five of my favourite castles !, 
  cromwell may be complicated but he 's still a batty crease ,, 
  for me it 's cromwell . 
  the little shit had a thing for devastating wonders of architecture like a petulant child ,, 
  in my highschool the conversation would innevitable continue as : `` umm , yes , theres a price list and catalogue in the canteen '' `` sweet '', 
  i think that 's because any of the british police who happen to be assholes are funneled towards highschools to scare the shit out of young banditos ,, 
  i do love it when religion mixes with politics , it 's always so free of bias and caters to individual freedom ,, 
  i was making a lazy comment about greece being a cradle for democracy and a degree of liberal thinking . 
  but yes i am aware things where not fantastic for lgbt peoples . 
  the celts and gauls had some interesting tales told of their habits by the romans though ,, 
  damn . 
  so what 's being done about it ? 
  it 's surprising what two millenia will do to a country , what sort of stuff is being done about it/could be ? 
  if anything at all ? 
  to be frank everyone ancestors are the worst humankind has to offer if you cherry pick , but no one is their ancestors , and we must judge individuals as they are , because individuals and bloody unpredictable ,, 
  is this problem endemic to the greek police or are these isolated incidences ? 
  ideas on solutions ? 
  and a correct application of godwins law too !, 
  that 's a rare kind of stupid, 
  ] ( http://new2.fjcdn.com/thumbnails/comments/aloha+ackbar+_23517f34d39b120149d37d4e295c265d.jpg ), 
  the abundantly obvious point is that immigration did not lead to it 's demise , as was suggested . 
  traditionalist roman political stances are however entirely irrelevant . 
  rome flourished with an open doors immigration policy . 
  it collapsed after it was repeatedly sacked , and worn down by conflict and economic instability . 
  but eesti can not into nordics ? 
  that 's like me claiming i 'm scottish despite being so much of a southern english prat my knees are wet . 
  i 'd love to have some scotch in me , but a glaswegian great grandmother on my mothers side hardly makes sussex part of the highlands . 
  you 're missing the point . 
  money functions based purely on faith of value , not of any actual value . 
  i did a unit on it as part of my archaeology a level , i can see why there might be some beef there ,, 
  it 's an almost entirely fabricated national identity . 
  very impressive from an anthropological standpoint . 
  however , as an archaeology student it 's used as a comedy example of / r/badhistory in the real world . 
   the anti-british sentiment is palpable . 
  you 're clearly an immigrant then . 
  the very nature of britishness is to delight in a good laugh at our countrymen . 
  so , croydon ? 
  all money is iou 's . 
  the only difference between a # 5 note and a postit note with # 5 written on it is the pub wo n't accept the latter . 
  `` macedonia '' modern macedonia contains the very barest of a sliver of the north of actual macedonia . 
  alex the great 's macedonia is in greece . 
  role playing games are remarkably popular with tough ol' no goodniks . 
  poor bush would have been murdered in the commons , with or without cheney backing him up . 
  john wick there on business . 
  in all seriousness , who actually is that ? 
  pmq 's is quite possibly the greatest political invention the westminster system has ever contributed . 
  the colonists should really adopt it . 
  it 's a little something we picked up from the romans . 
  chundersaurus or chunder dragon ? 
  so , he 's burning the germans , zapping the british , and wo n't give the greeks any more silver ? 
  very much understanding the siesta now . 
  the heat is such that i ca n't quite sleep but ca n't quite stay awake ... 
  i have n't been able to sleep properly , or stay awake properly because of the heat for about 36 hours now . 
  not once has it dropped below 28c, 
  it 's a mixture of yeast extract , molten road and hatred , plus a few other ingredients . 
  dry like the wine ? 
  or dry like all the bloody rivers are today ... 
   really ? 
  it 's the second biggest daily newspaper so your personal view about it being `` very hated '' is n't so widely shared . 
  in the uk , the daily mail is incredibly popular but almost universally considered glorified barely literate toilet paper . 
  even people who read it take the piss . 
  certainly not if it 's endorsed by the mail . 
  the times , please ,, 
  are you aware that not all english people drink tea and have a full english every morning ? 
  that 's nice . 
  not really relevant though . 
  i 'm sure it 's very nice , but not as nice as greek olives . 
  well of course , but the wine needs to be in the building . 
   so basically it will be a bunch of organised bearded dudes in undies charging through the streets of london . 
  our ones of those are quite a ways north of london , you 'd fare well ,, 
  in all seriousness they 're owned by a private institution so there 's bugger all the people or government can do about it . 
  you could always send ramsay bolton and 20 good spartans to steal them back . 
  it just wo n't be the same !, 
  they make nice wine , but the olives ? 
  they do nothing !, 
  the dot in `` i '' is called a tittle . 
  which is hilarious . 
  the sexual orientation , not a citizen of lesbos . 
  i 'd argue that alcohol counts , and a party without wine is n't a party . 
  it 's just a ... well it 's just a gathering really ,, 
  and their literature . 
  and the olives . 
  and their delicious , delicious marbles ,, 
  says the frenchman , a nation renowned for smoking and it 's frankly excellent wines . 
  where will middle class people get their olives from ? 
   greece is fastest growing champagne market , wait , when did the greeks invade northern france ? 
  where do you get your tinfoil hats from ? 
  mine must be getting a bit thin , because what you said sounded like absolute horseshit . 
  so you should have no problem posting all your private information on reddit ? 
  because obviously you 've got nothing to hide , and nothing to fear , right ? 
  what on earth makes you think civil servants are any better than the rest of humanity ? 
   good old fashioned implies a long-lasting pattern of oppression https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soviet_union  this is a clear fucking case of russophobic propaganda https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/joke https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/comics https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/annexation_of_crimea_by_the_russian_federation https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/criticism, 
  theres shoreham too , you could probably land one airbus a380 there , and by land i mean `` place very carefully by lowering it with helicopters '', 
  of course they can read , well , one of them can , he has to translate things for everyone else . 
  or , judoing by the obvious lack of intellect required to be a neo-nazi , simply a complete idiot in the wild . 
  oh that 's cute . 
  come , come colonial i shall show you the great british sweetie shop . 
  we 'll start by expunging that hershey filth from your mind and replace it with the mighty cadbury dairy milk . 
  but any publicity is good publicity ? 
  right ?
