  and frankly , how the fuck is the faculty going to know ? 
  where does it say that any of these people would be expelled from the country ? 
  where the hell have you got that number from ? 
  and that 's 500,000 people you now need to find new jobs for in an unemployment crisis . 
  good luck . 
  no , that would be a terrible reason for leaving . 
  that would be 500,000 unemployed people . 
  it 's better to have 500,000 people doing a poinless job than it is to have 500,000 people with no means of purchasing food , shelter etc. 
  there is no indication of this in the article . 
  possibly , but performing the hakka is hardly arguable practice for the [ walky planky thing . 
  ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/59/63/9c/59639c8270377bf2217bbbde623fbb0c.jpg ) the rituals themselves where fundamentally solitary activites but performed as a group , with no necessary or indeed attempted co-ordination . 
  this sounds entirely reasonable to me . 
  perhaps a student council , as pathetic as their powers inevitably are could invest in one of those wee compasses that point to mecca , and find themselves a nice patch of the playing field to pray in prior or after consuming lunch . 
  to strictly act against such harmless practice during a period of free time would certainly be in breach of several international laws on freedom of religion . 
  however , schools are invariably black holes where common sense , and international conventions on the treatment of people is ignored . 
  such is life . 
  yeah , basically , getting psyched up doing an objectively bizarre and pointless set of movements and chanting as a group gets people all fired up for co-operative exercise . 
  it is not the fire of the gods infusing the bones of the tribe in preparation for glorious combat , it is a simple aspect of human behaviour and psychology that religious practice often puts to use . 
  and that is a disruption . 
  do it at lunch time . 
  yup . 
  and they 're bellyaching over not being given special priviledges that are not conducive to learning . 
  ouch !, 
  cut myself on all that edge , should keep that shit oiled and in it 's sheath dude ,, 
  accomodate how ? 
  all they need to do is pray in their lunch breaks . 
  my high school lacked a shrine , but we had mrs varndells classroom . 
  re teacher had a shrine to damn near every religion you could think of and the door was always open . 
  i think the only reason the door was n't removed to provide permanent access was fire regulations ,, 
  `` miss , can i please abandon an hour of my learning every day to go and sit under a tree and contemplate the universe , a * personal * activity which will not teach me maths , and that which i could perform at lunch break , or after school in my free time '' `` fuck off timmy , do your times tables '', 
  apart from re lessons . 
  had some fucking awesome shit going on in that gcse . 
  we spent a week of re lessons doing an experiment , to see which of two teams would succeed better in generic team building exercises , a control group , or a group that had created it 's own series of ritualised dance dooberies , similiar to the hakka . 
  turns out humans dig their rituals . 
  yeah , you can not stop people praying , it 's simple unfeasable . 
  you can stop people from fucking off in the middle of a lesson to pray in an unnecessarily elaborate manner . 
  if i ca n't go for a piss during maths mrs nixon , then why would any other `` disruptive '' occurences be allowed . 
  i 'd argue that these people are n't much of a threat to the host culture . 
  patience is oft perceived as weakness by the right , but i doubt patience is perpetual . 
  more data is always nice though . 
  those that assimilated must be protected from the backlash aimed at those who do not . 
  and those that do not assimilate can suck it up princess . 
  thats more than enough . 
  do your bloody times tables when you 're at school . 
  pray in your temple fo choice . 
  there is a time and a place for everything . 
  international co-operation makes me smile . 
  i wish it did n't take tragedies to make it happen ,, 
  true , but this seems unrelated to the evolution of contemporary christianised european anti semitism . 
  thanks for the correction though . 
  israel was established after the war as more or less a sanctuary nation for the jewish people after the holocaust . 
  they pursue an active policy of trying to get jewish peoples to come live there . 
  it 's more or less abritrary bullshit . 
  by deciding that people with a certain shape of face is a certain `` race '' the likes of hitler where able to split and chunk people around the world into totally arbitrary `` lessers '' and `` superiors '' . 
  for example , hitler viewed the british as part of `` the master race '' and the poles where not . 
  if you got fifty brits and fifty polish blokes and jumbled them up , i guarantee you even the most dedicated nazi could not accurately filter them . 
  the earliest anti semitism was based on the idea that jews killed jesus . 
  then after centuries of being dicks to them , any jewish discontent was added to the pile of `` proof '' that they where bad dudes . 
  forcing jews to limit themselves to certain professions led to some level of jewish influence within say , the banking industry . 
  this was then spun as some kind of zionist conspiracy against non-jews by people like hitler . 
  in reality it was simply an emergent property of forcing an entire group of people to do specific jobs and then complaining when they got good at it . 
  it 's similar to caste in india , there is absolutely no way to tell if someone is brahmin or untouchable just by looking at them . 
  in the same way , familial names that determine caste , names could indicate jewish ancestry . 
  `` a lot of the banks are run by jewish families '' is a completely innocuous statement which was followed up by `` therefore the jews are conspiring against us ! '', 
  which was followed by `` therefore we must murder them all ! '', 
  violent nationalist fascist ideology requires a semi-supportable starting point that has no inherent value judgement for them to spin all sorts of implied hatred . 
  for exmple in the us , the prison population is disproportionately black . 
  the white nationalist will tell you this is because of race . 
  anyone who is capable of critical thinking and reading will be able to quickly find out this is down to racist laws geared to indirectly targetting impoverished black communities . 
  gathering form what others have said this is likely due to migration to israel . 
  that seems to be what others are suggesting . 
  good work romania , you just proved that protest works . 
   strawmans the wrong person about something they never even remotely intimated . 
  yeah , good work there buddy . 
  judaism as religion , and hebrews as a people both being targets under the umbrella of anti-semitism is frequently analogous to the targetting of islam , and people who look like muslims in this context . 
  a lot of far right violence is targetted at anyone they * think * is a muslim , they 're not targetting an ideology , they 're targetting brown people , using ideology as a justification . 
  even if we agree to disagree on the specific mass of the problem within the muslim community , the way dialogue is ignored by the mainstream media and political establishment leaves the discussion vulnerable to domination by madmen and extremists on the other side . 
  the strongest ally against islamism is other muslims , but instead of interacting with these peoples , the establishment leaves them to fend for themselves against seductive ideologies , populists persecuting them . 
  they pay lip service to make themselves look good , by branding any criticism of islam as racist , even when it 's coming from the vast majority of muslims having a self aware bit of introspection about their faith and traditions . 
  the thing people are genuinely and legitimately concerned about is that there are cherries to be picked that espose such horrible violence . 
  the bible has awful text too , but the church has a kibosh on that sort of shit . 
  as islam lacks a similar church hierarchy it is much harder to form a cohesive concensus , or to enact reforms to parralel protestant reform in christianity . 
  the problem is that the only people engaging with this are fucking insane people whose solution is always violence or hatred . 
  if there was a moderate dialogue of reform in western politics that actually engaged with quranic scholars we might actually see some progress . 
  i have noticed a trend of the far right that are clearly * trying * to be on the right side of history by distancing themselves from the more obvious evils of * classic * fascism . 
  they seem to think that by replacing anti-semitism with anti-muslim rhetoric this somehow makes a difference , like a child failing to realise it 's the behaviour and the pattern , not the target that makes it wrong . 
  actual neo-nazis are of little to no concern because no one takes them seriously , not even other far right groups . 
  because they are so obviously evil it 's not even funny . 
  the ones who do n't carry the trappings , the uniforms , the salutes , and tap into genuine concern about islamists and direct it as general hatred for muslims , these are the people that should concern us . 
  at what point is teenagers being teenagers ruled out by what i said ? 
   spartans as a prime example of human society please , i did n't . 
  read my comment . 
  i specifically lampshade spartan fascism . 
  it was abundantly obvious in my comment that i was referring to the citizen class ' effectiveness due to both genders receiving a high level of education . 
  existing , and functioning . 
  while i 'm not a fan of the death penalty , i do n't think i could convict a parent for enacting vengeance upon such a person . 
  logic would dictate that such vigilanteism be discouraged , but it is dificult to argue against the emotional response . 
   it even dictates which hand you need to clean your arse with , and which foot to step into the bathroom with first . 
  the thing to consider is the extent to which practitioners take this seriously . 
  christianity dictates that you should n't eat shellfish or wear clothing made of more than one types of fibres .
