if it 's not the funniest joke ever made it 's not worth making . 
  i 'll have you know it was first for a while . ^ ^ because ^ ^ it ^ ^ was ^ ^ the ^ ^ only ^ ^ one, 
  't was but a joke . 
  strategically taking place inside of the ukraine ? 
  or new zeeland, 
  yeah , but ca n't we be lazy at times ? 
  aaaaand here we go again . 
  okay , so the `` western and southern parts of the ukraine '' are just `` two small squares in one city '' . 
  i never even made an attempt at `` boiling down this hugely complicated conflict into ` fascist corrupt mafia vs. the freedom fighters ' '' . 
  i made an attempt at telling people that the issue is bigger than `` two small squares in one city '' . 
  because the number of people protesting are never all of the people that support support that cause . 
  even if the people supporting the protesters are a minority of the country , that does n't warrant / u/eatingcake 's attempt at marginalizing their plight . 
  and it sure as fuck does n't warrant the state police pelting them with molotov cocktails . 
  neither are the protesters in the clear for doing the same , but i consider that too obvious to mention . 
  i do n't care what the majority of russian ukranians support . 
  / u/eatingcake 's response of ` two small squares in one city ' just sounds like an attempt to make these people 's plight irrelevant . 
  besides , i highly doubt everyone that 's protesting there lives in kiev , so my point of them being from all over the country still stands . 
  even if where they 're coming from they 're the minority . 
  even if the people protesting are a minority of the ukrainian people , they are still people that deserve to be heard . 
  there is no reason for these people to be torched by molotov cocktails . 
  should the protesters be allowed to use molotov cocktails ? 
  of course not . 
  i just expect better from the police . 
  ... which are filled with people from all over the country . 
  which would put the netherlands at 1 star per ~ 160k inhabitants , versus belgium 's ~ 106k inhabitants . 
  ... neatherland ? 
  here , let me post this evidence for you . 
  i 'll just wait peacefully for the blackmail and black bag over my head . 
  and no i 'm not ^ ^ entirely serious . 
  i 've always considered vla to be about the same as pudding ... 
  pretty sure everyone just abandoned that shit . 
   according to the icelandic ticketing website midi.is , the event is already sold out ( tickets are/were free ) and all available tickets have already been reserved . 
  has the venue really paid him anything ? 
  i find it absurd that this is so uncommon that it 's actually news . 
  either 3 minutes late , or they do n't arrive at all . 
  eh i 'd love to have a map of earth or a globe instead of a flag . 
  i 'm pretty sure rutte would just send him back to the us . 
   he 's a rat who took a job at a security agency specifically to steal state secrets what i remember from the bbc interview he did he said something about `` the more you work there , the more you realise this is n't right '' . 
  i would like to see your source for saying that . 
  mostly a rhetorical question , but yeah , what are you waiting for ? 
  do they have oil ? 
  well , she 's argentinian after all . 
  who cares , just shoot anyone that looks foreign . 
  why would you care about the population of the netherlands , frisian ? 
  those leprechauns are a dangerous bunch . 
  those technicalities are keeping us in a good mood here . 
  potato only dream . 
  i was trying to imply they would n't put it * on * the border , rather they would put it slightly inside ukraine . 
  you know , to make themselves slightly bigger . 
  it 's delicious :(, 
  a dog died :(, 
  it 's a diary . 
  it 's supposed to tell you what they 've more or less been doing . 
  which i think they 've succeeded in . 
  i 'll just continue playing dota . 
  wo n't notice a difference i do n't think . 
  breda is part of the randstad ? 
  what ? 
  simpler ? 
  better cards . 
  unified currency . 
  i do n't want to have to keep two types of cash with me at all times . 
  and yes , i could go plastic only , but i prefer keeping at least a bit of cash with me . 
  that 's not to mention the fact that i would n't have to keep converting between currencies all the time . 
  i ca n't help but think that none of the people complaining about this go abroad much . 
  usually , but there are still german stores where i can not use my dutch debit card . 
  as someone living on the dutch/german border , having shengen without a common currency would make it rather pointless . 
  yeah it 'll be nice when you spend your summer in spain , but it means it 's once again basically impossible to do anything around the borders because you 'll be needing two separate wallets every day . 
  because you smoking nearby physically harms me ? 
  i would like to live a long and healthy life , and as many studies have time and time again shown , being surrounded by smokers makes this basically impossible . 
  do what you want , as long as it does n't hurt others . 
  which smoking does . 
  so fuck you for wanting to turn every place you go in to a fucking gas chamber . 
  from what i 've heard many voted against independence because they wanted to remain a part of the eu . 
  leaving the uk meant leaving the eu , and the uk government apparently basically promised it would veto scottish entry to the eu . 
  and then england and wales go and vote to leave the eu . 
  would not surprise me at all if many people would prefer leaving the uk and having a chance at staying in the eu than leaving the eu after voting to stay in the uk to prevent that from happening . 
  of course it wo n't apply to all scots , but i believe it 's a situation that warrants another indieref should article 50 get triggered somewhere in the coming decades . 
  and you 're blackmailing the eu by threatening to send those refugees forward into europe instead of either keeping them there as you 're doing , or sending them back to where they came from . 
  what , you blackmailing the eu with a ton of refugees means the eu is extorting you ? 
  you trying to take our stroopwafels ? 
  get out !, 
  how did palermo lose almost 60 % of its population in 150 years ? 
  i guess russell 's estimates are more accurate ? 
  that 's one hell of a stage . 
  you should get rid of the double negative . 
   ** not ** never ever, 
  the crumbling of humanity 's biggest achievement continues ... 
  that was brilliant . 
  you know , with everything that 's going on with the eu+acta thing , i 'd say that * we the people * are being suspiciously calm ... 
  this is probably why anything that pits the netherlands vs germany will provoke extreme hostility from the dutch . 
  `` we '' are probably sick of living in the shadow of our big black-red-and-yellow overlords . 
  funny thing is that , as a dutch native , i can generally understand written danish/norwegian/swedish / german because there are just so many similarities . 
  english is harder to say because i 'm fluent in it , but i still do see a lot of similarities between dutch and english . 
  wether that 's from dutch growing ever closer to english in common usage , i ca n't say . 
  2 hours driving , when i 'm still working on my driver 's license ... nope , no time . 
  where are they located ? 
  do n't suppose it 's near nijmegen ? 
  the nights are dark and full of terrors . 
  wait ... this is n't / r/gameofthrones nor / r/asoiaf,
