yeah our media were all over this topic when north stream was being built . 
  i bet our gov. 
  will be pushing `` energy union '' topic even more now . 
  not the best idea , we would have another cuban crisis . 
  russia acts the way it does because it feels threatened , no need to threaten russia more and i am speaking as a pole . 
  we have whole [ facebook page ] ( https://pl-pl.facebook.com/szpitalnyposilek ) about it, 
  i heard some londoners call it `` the cucumber '' way cuter than gherkin . 
  there will be [ r/polandball ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/polandball/ ) comic out of that , but nothing more i presume . 
  not only that , before the collapse of communism in poland most students would learn mostly russian and then as second language french , english or german . 
  however with the aspirations to join the ue our ministry of education decided to focus much more on english and german . 
  do you realize that there are syrian or other muslim immgirants that became succesfull businessman in central and eastern europe ? 
  but they came here willingly and worked hard for their success . 
  meanwhile eu thinks that the best solution is to shovel bunch of people to our countires by force and put them on eu paychecks so they wont flee to the western countries . 
  you meean refugees or economic immgirants ? 
  as a pole i welcome any syrian refugee that is willing to use legal means to fill for asylum in poland and stay here untill the situation in his country stabilize and if he will want to stay here and prove that he assimilated he is free to do so . 
  but if they think that seeking asylum legally is for suckers i dont want them in my country . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lpjzfgchgle it 's neverending circle mate , turns out world is quite shitty place to live in a lot of places . 
  damn it 's exactly the same in poland and we also have comments disabled in major news webpages . 
  oh also one of the right-wing organisations tried to organize march against immigrant quotas in warsaw ( supported by 100k people ) but it was denied by the major , free speech my arse . 
  wth is going on ... 
  i 've done it several times in elementary school with my class . 
  fermented shark , sauna and vodka . 
  honestly i come from country where we have little to non migrants compared to the western eu and we are rather homogenic society but any time i see one of the popular tv figures that origin from say africa or asia and they speak perfect fluent polish i perceive them as 100 % poles . 
  language plays really big part here . 
  of course i dont have anything against people that do n't speak polish so well . 
  i even study with half mexican half pole that still learns our language it 's jsut my point of view . 
  i bet they give up on the chav girls . 
  imo we would gladly accept any muslim ( refugee ) coming here willing to learn polish and work for our shitty wages but they would rather go to france as illegals , find they kin and try to settle in one of the ghettos . 
  west solution to the immigration problem is shitty . 
  you know what illegals do in hungary ? 
  they protest , they fkin demand stuff from eu while they are there illegaly . 
  and czechs had to add blue triangle to distinguish their flag from ours . 
  you will probably enjoy this [ epic ] ( http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/609/815/941.png ) comic strip , 
  poland and hungary has a long history of unconditional friendship and support and because of that you will forever be a close friend of poland . 
  but the sea is cold , duh . 
  you dont even understand the term of junior partner . 
  we are junior partner for any major country ( russia , germany , usa , uk etc. ) . 
  if you bring eu to this mind that being in the eu is far more beneficial for big players than it is for the smaller ones like new eu members . 
  speaking of ukip . 
  you know why uk makes so much fuss about eu ? 
  because the steering wheel is in the hands of germany and france and uk economy is too big to just agree with their policies , thats why uk calls for special treatment  on the other hand politics in my country happily agree on ideas shoveled to us from brussels being bad or good for my country . 
  i heard that in eastern germany prices are so low that even people from western poland prefer to rent/buy house there while still working in poland . 
  world never was in `` status quo '' for too long . 
  times change and something that seems impossible today can be very real tommorow . 
  i dont like fear mongering but we should learn from history . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  because strong countires can naturally project their policies on other countries but for poland to do it we have to either be stronger than russia or germany . 
  we were always fucked because we werent . 
  right now we are merely an eu junior partner . 
  from the geopolitical standpoint we are literally fucked . 
  strong poland is not in the interest of either germany or russia . 
  why ? 
  because strong poland would implement its own policies and that would n't be beneficial for both germany and russia . 
  i know you will answer with something like `` chill we are allies in eu times changed '' and while i agree with that mind that geopolitics are very unpredictable . 
  for example imagine that you say to the german from 30 's that his country will split in half between russian and amercian influence . 
  or say to the german from 60 's that ussr will collapse and his country will reunite or to the german from 90s that ukraine and russia will be at war . 
  i think you get the point . 
  geopolitics rule the world . 
  this whole thing is bs on so many levels . 
  reatailers often avoid playing taxes while buying cheaply from goverment subsidized farmers . 
  no wonder these guys are on forbes list , they screw everyone . 
  when i was in lviv we visited the train station ( beautiful piece of architecure ) and your trains looked all right . 
  / r/polandball has been addressing it since the beginning !, 
  our turn will come too and way sooner than your 's because after 2020 we are gon na pay eu more than we receive . 
  as a pole i have no issue with immigrants that wants to assimilate . 
  we even have 2 black representatives in polish parliement . 
  my only concern are ppl that are brought here unwillignly ( ask immigrants from africa where or what poland is , most of them probably never heard of it ) . 
  they probably wont ever learn polish language or have will to stay here , especially since we are not rich country with benefits that can sustain you only on the basis that you are jobless and have kids like in uk . 
  sorry for the broken link , here is a gyfcat [ link ] ( http://gfycat.com/bestgleamingchupacabra ), 
  the confusion on reporter face that tried to stay serious is priceless . 
  meh its the same way here in poland . 
  this is what happens when you have 2 major parties and the ruling one has the control over public tv and support from major private tv station . 
  elections here are obviously fair and square but the subjectivism of some of the mass media is very fokin annoying . 
  yep , and it looks very grim for us poles with our current pension system . 
  our politicians are too scared to reform it . 
  we cant even bring immigrants because we are too poor and we have huge emigration problem as a brit you are probably aware ... 
  i will keep complaining because i can and i expect more from our goverment and politicians . 
  everywhere in eu is as safe if not more than western eu , be more afraid of scam ( by taxi driver and such/pickpocket ) . 
  its alwasy help to be cautious but if you travel in pair you are incredibly safe . 
  this is based on opinions from journalists and most of them are not fans of the current gov. 
  we have full freedom of press but public media are pro gov. 
  ( as they were before ) and biased but that is no diffrent than in most of the western world . 
  the beard and hairstyle does the job , you turned from regular fella into ragnar lothbrok cousin . 
  my parents love the tv show and keep talking about it which gets kind off ridicilous to the point when she jokingly called me \u015eehzade when pouring coffe ... 
  well i agree there was a lot of racists during november 11 march here is notable example of one of [ them ] ( http://img.sadistic.pl/pics/f67eba3115d2.jpg ) . 
  people literally starve in eastern ukraine and the economic situation in the country is very bad . 
  animal rights are second-grade matter as of now . 
  i dont like animal abuse but ask ukrainian earning 100 euro per month if he cares about chicken rights ... 
  as for now the gov. 
  doesnt want to really touch the topic . 
  ruling party is pushed to do this by organisations ( pro life , far right etc. ), 
  and the church that supports them to ban the abortion but they would rather keep the status quo ( as the previous goverment that promiesd to loosen the restrictions but didnt do anything ) . 
  i would expect huge protests if abortion ban was to happen . 
  welp i just wanted to give an example of raising popularity of cultural relativism in sweden so i am aware that not every school did that ( and the fact that some did is still bonkers ) . 
  your gov. 
  seem quite stubborn about keeping the war trophies ( damn swedish conservative nationalist goverment / s ) . 
  swedes are funny like that . 
  stole/pillaged a ton of polish art during swedish deluge like copernicus personal notes and wont return them since they think that its their heritage or something like that and at the same time swedish schools ban swedish flag . 
  atleast olof palme returned to us `` rulon polski '' so we get that going for us which is nice . 
  in terms of stolen polish art swedes hold no .
