  my country was in unacceptable situation for almost 50 years and before that it was in unacceptable situation for 123 years . 
  when people will learn that our goverments are not fighting the `` bad guys '' . 
  big boys are making deals and try to `` work things out '' . 
  if you are too weak to decide for yourself others will decide for you . 
  the image of the eu that you try to shape will make us second class citizens with imaginary freedom . 
  `` the road to hell is paved with good intentions '', 
  you will see when this crisis will impact german people more and more . 
  look up merkel fb page there is some voice of reason there . 
  it 's a good start . 
  you know what i like about my nation ? 
  after so many years of enslavement , oppresion and unfair treatment we learned one thing : question everything . 
  we are about to face parliament elections and the ruling party is going to loose only because they lied to us on way too many things ( while the economy is actually doing quite fine ) . 
  best of luck to the german people and reasonable people inhabiting this country . 
  yes , putingrad will be wondefull at that time of year , 
  an englishman made me laugh 2 times today !, 
  and people say you have strange sense of humor . 
  right ? 
  i am only worried about some of our politicians that take good wishes for more than they really are , 
  they were best in the world at giving fingers !, 
  on the contrary , i always liked it . 
  please send wishes to poland as well !, 
  check [ this ] ( http://www.w2eu.info/ ) out ( click your country , poland too if you are curious  ) it 's said that 's its sponsored by organisation funded by george soros . 
  they also have [ handbook ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2pzc4qgjtm0 ) germany ( it 's gov. ), 
  while also guilty is only partially to blame . 
  not to mention the media , politicians , terrorists and smugglers . 
  this is the luxury that some of us does n't have ... ( still id like usa to watch after us ) . 
  [ ask italians  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rsizwe33kpw ), 
  well i wouldnt criticize him on the subject yet . 
  maybe he is schr\u00f6der 2.0 but that is yet to tell . 
  im not pro-orban and i know hungarians are dissapointed with him on many levels . 
  i 've made a statement but after your comment i think it 's only speculation , time will tell . 
  thank you for your comment . 
  geopolitics man , your country can bargain with russia , we ca n't . 
  orban wants to suck profits from cooperation with putin this is bold and risky strategy i wonder if it will pay off . 
  / u/rinnve tried to make a point that not all russians are homfobes that bully and harm gay people . 
  remember that its as hard topic as immigrants right now , you should try to look into this case with care and not to fall for propaganda . 
  i remember that funny video when trans person was given ticket with full professionalism and not one remark was made but after that he [ laughed it off ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4kjlwv4g08m ) i think it greatly shows the attitude of russian people towards the topic . 
  imo this is because lgbt supports the line of politics that is contrary to the kremlin one . 
  he does n't do that because `` gay people are evil '' he does that because it 's popular among most of russian population and makes it easier to fight potential `` left-wing '' opposition . 
  welp , that escalated quickly . 
  time will tell i guess . 
  i hope for the best for everyone . 
  btw we rather dont take eastern europe term as offence , some poeple prefer `` central europe '' but for me it 's only geographical term and it kind of depends from what point of view you are looking at it . 
  i am happy that we reached common ground . 
  i was never against german people and i didnt want to seem like one . 
  i am student that was going to the same class with people from ukraine and i heard some really shitty stories , like parents that were n't able to send money to them due to the crisis in their country . 
  if you want to help change the law . 
  some people made fair points there , i dont know why wouldnt i take them for opinion of some brits ? 
  i am not saying that germans nor they goverment is evil , it 's just german big business pressuring politicans to meet their demands . 
  it 's concerning for us people because it causes stir among many european nations and nordstream 2 is example of that . 
  im all in for energetic union , but you are screwing ukraine big time . 
  and this is something like drawing a line in europe ... 
  but fine lets end it here , happy anniversary i guess . 
  i also agree this is one of the possibilities and something that german corporations seem to be pushing towards . 
  * i know many people say they are already safe in turkey or jordan * and thats why we are pissed at merkel , all she had to say was `` we wont accept anyone that will cross and breach the borders of the eu illegaly . 
  if you want to come to the europe you must apply for the asylum in the closest safe country , we will provide help and information for you to reach your destined country if you will be egible for asylum in given country . '', 
  bam , problem solved . 
  with those last 2 sentences you proved that you are not egible for any discussion about the russia . 
  yeltsin and worked in one sentence is oxymoron . 
  these are very good points , now tell me if they are refugees then why they leave their women , elders and children in the war-zones ? 
  wouldnt you try to defend your family if the war broke out ? 
  wouldnt you refuse to leave them in these dangerous places ? 
  you also say that they cant afford the trip you know why ? 
  because smugglers scam them all the time , the idea to allow this is a catastrophe . 
  for the concerns of the brits you can look at the guardian article comments section . 
  i am sorry but you are obviously sensitive about the matter dont mind me wrong i am grateful for the eu i am grateful for the partnership that we worked out together ( poland and germany ) i just dont like the way that eu is going towards , i am just concerned . 
  * cough * nordstream 2 * cough *, 
  germany is naturally forming into leading powerhouse of europe and with every change there is a fear of new and unknown . 
  every step and decision of the german goverment has huge impact on europe . 
  i dont have to give you example of that right now do i ? 
  reading comments i have this feeling that brits have more in common with us ( poles ) than we think . 
  we congratulate germany on their success and we are happy for you , yet we remain concerned . 
  thanks , obama !, 
  they are already frustrated , they were promised bs stuff by the smugglers and the result is that apperantly porrige is [ dog food ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=2&amp;v=zgyh61yvydo ) !, 
  also a lot of women and children in this video , oh right i forgot they are probably not in front of the media because only man has right to speak for himself !, 
  `` faworytka '' is a legendary car in poland we also have huge sentiment for `` felicja '' . 
  my friends granpa had well maintained 125l that also is a cool classic , a lot of good memories with skoda  you also saved yourself disgracee of being featured in one of the `` top gear '' [ episodes ] ( http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x4l8ww_top-gear-fso-polonez_news ) as the main attraction ( you brits are savages ! ), 
  you just told me that you do n't understand anything about russia ... tell me one period in which russia was a democracy , or maybe you mean communism period as the flexible one ? 
  the most loose and progresive period in russian history was when they were the weakest under the yeltsin rule and you know what ? 
  it did n't work . 
  again history, 
  they already had 2 `` revolutions '' one was failed [ pierestroika ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/perestroika ) and the other one was when people around yeltsin wanted to make putin their pawn but he took all the power for himself , here is a great documentary about it https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ipizw1r8w-c learn from history man , learn from history . 
  do you understand russian people even a bit ? 
  those people had it shit , remember shit and know their shit . 
  russia is n't your average middle-eastern country , also cia cant really support any opposition the way the they do it with eg . 
  syria because russia actually has well working intelligence and homeland safety agencies . 
  i dont want to sound like russophile but these are facts . 
  the only revolution you will ever see in russia will be the one caused by the internal kremlin power struggle not external or people driven one . 
  that 's because we dont have civilised europe vide debate . 
  i am dissapointed in media , politicians ( nothing new here ) and in people easily manipulated by both . 
  he expanded his arguments , he provided sources and contributed to the topic . 
  if you disagree then provide counterview on the matter or just press downvote button . 
  your comment is just plainly stupid . 
  what do you mean by that ? 
  i dont like kremlin politics nor i like putin but i wouldnt compare him to blood thirsty middle eastern dictator . 
  he actually solved a lot of russia internal issues , the country under the jelcyn was a mess . 
  hence the quote, 
  cd-project ? 
  yeah they are doing well but it 's nothing compared to the big european companies . 
  still i am proud of cdp and i love their policy to treat gamers fair and square .
