  donald tusk was on great terms with merkel that helped him become the president of the european council . 
  pis is like the tottal opposite of po ( especially in foreign affairs ) and ruins the great alliance that cdu had with po that strongly supported anything served by brussels . 
  i really think that eu along with the refugee/immigrant crisis walks the dangerous path ... 
  the same thing that other central european countries like czech republic , slovakia , hungary baltic states . 
  every single gov. 
  was pushing towards the west ( nato , eu ) as far as they can from the russian grasp . 
  we also had to perform political and economical reforms . 
  btw . 
  belarus isnt so bad , lukashenko makes some interesting moves right now ( cooperation with china , friendly eye towards eu ) . 
  i wonder how it will end . 
  fun fact is that we had almost the same gdp per capita as ukraine in 1990 ... 
  * even though they 're not exactly buddies with us , i 'd like to see them start reaching their potential . 
  * pls no jokes aside here is nice explanation on [ russia ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=he6rsljtwdu ) russia prime time was during ussr and that is long gone . 
  nice, 
  after the way putin handled smolensk investigation ( very smart move to make upstir and convince some poles that it was an assasination attempt on our president ( kaczynski brother ) ( sic ! ), 
  kaczynski will never support kremlin . 
  * authoritarian state * this is hilarious, 
  chineese are already investing in good pr between poland and china due to the key importance of our country in `` new silkroad '' project . 
  whopper ? 
  maybe putin should unfriend few ppl on facebook . 
  welp i dont think that [ kangaroos ] ( http://ak-hdl.buzzfed.com/static/enhanced/webdr02/2013/1/9/11/enhanced-buzz-23020-1357749811-2.jpg ) are good idea . 
  damn , if the greeks can make use of their olympic infrastructure then maybe poland can into space !, 
  [ all thanks to our master dudaruman ] ( http://www.youtubemultiplier.com/5663699d98f52-poldor-du-du-dum-dum-dum-dum.php ), 
  this is like mandatory trip for everyone at the school age here . 
  i 'm glad that you enjoyed it , 
  the next challanger approaches !, 
  polish national tv [ building ] ( http://biurotlumaczen.art.pl/wp-content/uploads/2010/10/tvp.jpg ), 
  there is this joke , russian history in 5 words ? 
  * `` and then things got worse . 
  '' * putin made it , * `` and then it got a little bit better '' * so from that perspective he is not that bad of a leader . 
  i will tank while you heal ok ? 
  just do n't draw the aggro or we loose all exp !, 
  worth to add that the current polish gov. 
  is not anti-eu , it 's rather about keeping the shape of union like it is ( focused on economy and cooperation ) rather than federal state . 
  my parents love it but i think it 's due to the rest of the tv shows here being so poor in quality . 
  i never downvote anything uneless the post is offensive ( i didnt downvote / u/oberbuergermeister for that matter ) but you are mentioning pis while the demonstration was organized by the onr and as far as i know they are not even in alliance . 
  we spent 75 milion euro to build [ the museum of the history of polish jews ] ( http://www.polin.pl/en ) but yeah this one event should tottaly label our country as antisemitic !, 
  nice job mate he asked about nazi problem and you threw pawlowicz in here . 
  you forgot to mention her sandwich scandal . 
  since when onr represents a majority of poles ... 
  not since the 1945 , 
  i bet you have high insight in polish politics and you know exatcly why pis won the elections . 
  our current goverment is against such manifestations . 
  with that being said its hilarious that you think that the majority of poles support burning jew effigies since only 0,52 % of voters voted for onr supported presidental candidate this year . 
  some sort of antifa countermanifestation ? 
  trust me we poles think that the both sides are bananas and we for the most part dont care about pc stuff . 
  i for once am all out for allowing leftist/nationalist to manifest their views but if they violate the law they should be punished . 
  i am very glad that you generalize and put all poles to the one basket . 
  this is just onr type of stuff done by the people that are not the smartest . 
  but they abuse our system and generosity , you have to realize that we actually dont help those who are in need the most . 
  according to the world bank approx . 
  1 milliard people lives at or less than 1.90 $ a day . 
  they certainly cant buy themselves decent clothes or effin smartphone . 
  we are not altruistic , we are stupid . 
  i am all out for help , but in these regions and countries . 
  i support only healthy and legal immigration . 
  we already have issues with what is considered 2nd and 3rd generation of migrants and i would rather spend money on them than on young man from africa that flee from the shores of turkey to the rich eu countries . 
  if you will bring argument about syrian women and children and other in need of help ill remind you again about 1 milliard poor people that no one cares about because they dont receive media coverage . 
  that the terrorists are going places , not jail but places . 
  hmm i will never trust or like kremlin politics but i have nothing against russians in general i think that you are for the most part very generous people . 
  i sort of noticed that narrative when russian media and politcians approved our new goverment stance on immigration and they very rarely approve anything that warsaw says . 
  we are kind of senstive about our sovereignty and that is due to the complicated history that eastern europe went through . 
  we hate being forced to do things , especialy if it threats our independence , there is a reason politicians never promoted a term `` zwi\u0105zek europejski '' ( european union ) but unia europejska , on the other hand ussr was called `` zwi\u0105zek socjalistycznych republik radzieckich '' . 
  well you get the drift . 
  turks are too busy beating their `` erdogans '' to the / r/gonewild, 
  depends , usa has a clear plan while ue leaders cant do anyhing because we dont have any sort of geopolitical power outside of economic one . 
  if we were a federal state ( i dont really support this kind of ue but it 's a topic for another thread ) that could push it 's agenda by military pressence we could force even usa to do the things our way . 
  this is something that usa is very scared of and they want to keep us as ally that thinks he cant do anything without their help . 
  we are at the brink of change in european union . 
  ue will either push for more of a maastricht treaty kind of union or try to form a federal state . 
  i hope that dissolve of ue is not an option . 
  this is why there is such a lack of cooperation between ue countries , we are functioning like economic union ( with competetion between countries and diffrent geopolitcal agendas ) while we try to push for things that threat selected countires sovereignty ( forced migrant quotas ) . 
  you cant have it both ways . 
  thanks for explaining . 
  interesting video , thanks . 
  the author claims that it is now blocked in germany , could german redditors confirm it ? 
  we can partialy thank uk for the fact that it stands there , 
  muslim ideology can be very dangerous and toxic . 
  this is something that even muslim countries understand . 
  they have constant struggles with their inner religious and political conflicts . 
  i dont understand why we allowed ourselves to bring it to europe . 
  ue cant manifest it 's geopolitical power on outside countries other than economically while usa , russia and turkey play their games in the middle-east and we have to carry the burden . 
  besides what it is to be liberal and left leaning ? 
  or right wing and conservative ? 
  we are victims of failed politics and media that cant look at the issue like they should . 
  i have to read shit spreaded by the left leaning media that these attacks will give more points to the nationalists ( i hate the fact that they made nationalist another n-word ) and right-wing media calling to get rid of all the muslims . 
  this is bullshit on so many levels . 
  i would compare these migration movements to the europeans migrating to the usa at the begining of the xx century . 
  basicly people from middle-east perceive western europe as bastion of friendly multicultural `` european dream '' where you can easily find job , people are friendly and you get welfare benefits . 
  they dont want to go to the other ( muslim ) countries because they know there is nothing good awaiting them . 
  german myth is about to be busted because these people have expectations reaching far more than eu is capable to provide . 
  i dont want to think what the result is going to be . 
  yay , free drops !, 
  few millions emigrated actually . 
  the standard of living in poland is decent but if you are someone who does n't know language and have no skills whatsoever we have very little to offer uneless you like hard work like our little vietnamise or mongolian communities . 
  right now germany has issues to register people and separate refugees from immigrants . 
  they cant even succesfully deport people and you expect that we will manage that mess ? 
  eu and germany should never allow illegal immigration in the first place . 
  this would never happen if we actually controlled the borders and taken only actual syrian refugees . 
  `` refugees have to accept rules . '',
