  they entered germany doing exactly the opposite, 
  maybe some would . 
  i 'd expect few thousand at most . 
  if they want to come here and even stay if they are willing to learn our language and respect our laws then we would gladly accept them . 
  anyways mind that we have already about half a milion of ukrainians living and working in poland and o lot of them came here due to the ukrainian crisis . 
  we are handling this tottaly by ourselves . 
  i was curious and checked , helsinki-oslo is actually slightly cheaper according to google flights . 
  now that you mention it , i would like a pizza ... 
  same thing happend in poland when we brought syrian christians with the help of private foundation `` estera '' . 
  some of them left to the western eu ( mostly germany ) without saying a word . 
  particularly sad example was one family that was given a home by the small parish , place in school for kids and money to start a new life but they just left overnight ... 
  you know i could like the fella above me spam some stereotypical words about poles being homophobic , antisemitic and afraid of germany to get few upvotes but unfortuantely our history is quite complicated , this video is the shortest thing you 'll get . 
  he is a bit sensational for that matter but he always uses argumentation , sources and research for his topics . 
  if you are interested just watch it . 
  as gorge carlin used to say `` question everything '' , make your own conclusions . 
  if you want some insight into polish-jewish relations try this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9v00dfyt_fi ( turn on english subtitles ), 
  wasting money ? 
  fed printers are working well as far as i know , 
  sigh , i am glad this does n't mess up polish-lithuanian relationship . 
  6.2 % gdp growth ? 
  i wish ... 
  po worked really hard for pis success . 
  the sanctions on the other hand do and war in syria may get costly if isis or the opposition will make some moves . 
  it 's a state if impas and a game of chicken . 
  i would le pen her check box hon hon hon hon hon, 
  russia doesnt care about immigration , they are rather happy about it because it causes conflict within eu . 
  the key for kremlin is to have asad and the land that he controls untouchable and they are doing quite fine job at it while also playing political game with eu and us . 
  western world thought that they can downplay russia and make them junior partner because `` russia has an economy the size of italy '' but it seems like good ol' manifestation of power still works . 
  thats why right now us wont do jack shi * with isis and force russians to stay in syria . 
  washington wants to make a bear crumble under it 's falling economy . 
  unfortunately they yet again forget that russian people can live shitty as long as they live in powerful land meaningful country . 
  [ brits itt right now ] ( https://laugraeva.files.wordpress.com/2013/07/challenge-accepted.jpg ), 
  yeah and they could reach first safe country , 
  i dont get why people fall for these surveys . 
  most people do n't like for neighbour any kind of stranger . 
  if you are good person that does n't cause problems then most of the people do n't care who you are . 
  cant wait for another survey * who you would n't like as your neighbour : plumber , engineer , baker * , 
   christianity was pretty horrible in the middle ages this is a huge misconception , religion was very important in medieval societies when life was hard and death was so common . 
  since as a society modern democracies gained more freedom the goverments realised that they need media to steer the people attitude and shape public opinion . 
  [ noam chomsky ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wnethoucpsq ) spoke a lot about this topic . 
  this is one of the reasons why the internet makes many corporate and goverment people have a headache . 
  ** poland ** * [ two students died ] ( http://wiadomosci.wp.pl/kat,1329,title,zmarla-druga-ofiara-imprezy-studenckiej-w-bydgoszczy,wid,17915150,wiadomosc.html?ticaid=115c7c ) and many still lay wounded in hospital after terrible accident occured during academic semester inauguration party of university of technology and life sciences in bydgoszcz . 
  party was held in an academy building that was connected with narrow connector . 
  party attendees started to panic when the crowd started to push towards the conenctor from the both sides which resulted in a lot of casualties . 
  [ edit ] corrected thanks to u/ka _ mil, 
  my sister has similiar experiences with some of the men and i was quite mad when she told me these stories but she said that it 's normal ( sadly ) for nice looking women . 
  the problem with no-go zones is that if you would find yourself there at night you would face real danger not only regular creepers . 
  agreed , but still should n't be an issue to solve this for math specialized class in polish high school . 
  the dark lord ( of seducing women ), 
  in poland it is , opposition would crush any pm that wouldnt be able to justify hes assets . 
  as an politican you have to provide assets declaration that is available to anyone . 
  recently we had a scandal over one of the politicans having very expensive watches and he was basicly done in politics since he couldnt justify the ownership . 
  politicians here usually start earning real money after they retire and it 's time to repay the favors for the lobbyists ( like in any civilised country heh ), 
  yeah , i saw few times that people having more conservative/religious beliefs are downvoted into oblivion on some subs and from what i know a lot of americans are conservatives . 
  that money will help us fund our space program !, 
  poland ^ can ^ into ^ space, 
  they are still muslims but they are very moderate . 
  there was even a conflict between muslim immigrants and tatars . 
  they banished imam for preaching too radical islam ( for them ) . 
  can confirm , polish tatars are cool . 
  yep , in iceland . 
  turning word into wordart was one of his mircales . 
  rowling warned us what will happen if we let the muggles rule the world . 
  damn german smokescreeners !, 
  trying to cover the important things !, 
  with oktoberfest and taxed hookers !, 
  it 's good to raise awarness . 
  i for once would like the eu to help fund this hospital renovetion and modernisation instead of promoting [ potatoes ] ( http://www.fwi.co.uk/business/potato-council-secures-eu-funding-for-promotion.htm ) . 
  i would love to agree with you but you have to be reminded that all of the `` western world '' and other rich countries lives on the back of people who are poor and uneducated . 
  we use cheap labour , outsourcing and keep blind eye on corporations abusing corrupted goverments in poor parts of the world . 
  we will never be able to help [ all of them ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lpjzfgchgle ) . 
  this actually is an impossible fight . 
  the best way to change those miserable people situation is to help them at their home not drag them out of it . 
  speaking of the un mind that right now saudia arabia leads the un human rights council ... 
  that 's exactly why turkey is not a member . 
  france and germany does n't want another member that would impose it 's policies on them . 
  you ca n't strong arm turkey . 
  you already see tensions on uk-france/germany line and with turkey it would be much , much worse . 
  wait , so you have librarians doing night shifts ? 
  awwww , we love your money as much as you like the one from dirty polish tourists , 
  woah , thats very cool !, 
  one lecs\u00f3 to rule them all , one lecs\u00f3 to feed them , one lecs\u00f3 to bring them all and bind them . 
  yes , they fled from countries oppresed by the lack of online clothing retailers . 
  make pressure on erdogan then . 
  make sure to visit poland if you will travel to europe more !, 
  hmm there was a deal made with the infamous `` flat cleaner '' that was making people living in buildings owned by him hell to force them out and then sell the buildings for profits . 
  turned out he wasnt doing so hot so now he will house immigrants for the eu money . 
  oh , the irony . 
  our local goverments refuse to use the social housing ( you have to wait months/years to receive accomodation and it is an issue for many poor poles ) because this would be political suicide for them . 
  erm , actually a lot of immigrants are just frustrated but they also come from culture that is ( unsuprisingly ) contary to ours and it causes dangerous tensions and problems like ghettification and lack of integration . 
  the worst part is that those who act badly make actual refugees and people seeking help look bad and unwanted . 
  the way your gov. 
  handled the issue was a mistake that is not debatable . 
  stereotypes are formed because of reasons . 
  you had quite a lot of poles that were comming to your country only to steal . 
  i wont deny that it 's like saying it 's raining when someone pisses on you and thats what your goverment and ( some ) media do . 
  no wonder germans are angry . 
  your people have [ awoken ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tcrwiz1phku ) . 
  this is utopia . 
  do n't say that you belive this is possible in today 's european society .
