  i wish one day they will become big player in the gaming market ( but pls no ea-ubisofterino ), 
  thanks !, 
  you did n't get deal that bad after all ... , remember polish car manufacturer `` fso '' ( polonez ) ? 
  you would n't be able to develop skoda to this level without volkswagen partnership . 
  fso tried and was slowly outcompeted by other car manufacturers like opel , daewoo and skoda , 
  woah , never heard of that book/movie , thanks !, 
  the quote is from one of our controversial politicians so i cant really say if he took inspiration from wibberley novel . 
  my point exactly , but ue will probably play hard ball on that ( leave eu no more easy trade ) . 
  according to these [ statistics ] ( http://www.ons.gov.uk/ons/rel/international-transactions/outward-foreign-affiliates-statistics/how-important-is-the-european-union-to-uk-trade-and-investment-/sty-eu.html ) you export 44.6 % of your domestic products to the eu which is a lot . 
  i wish uk would stay to counterpart germany and france policies that they impose on brussels . 
  i 'd love uk to force ue to change on a lot of matters . 
  [ edit ] on the other hand the world is changing . 
  europe will mean less and less , and if we will operate as separated countries we will wake up in a world where we are not that significant anymore . 
  there is a running joke in poland that we should `` decalare war on us and then surrender so they 'll fix our country '' , 
  immigrants are only part of the eu benefits the biggest one is as i said before the one that opens whole ue market to the uk . 
  they dont contribute more i never said that . 
  immigrants boost your economy . 
  if you are low cost worker yourself in britain you earn far more than in eastern eu ( thats one thing ) and you have far greater welfare benefits than we have here because britain has much bigger budget and gdp ( per capita mind that ) . 
  you have to realize that you have it far better than we are , and while you are not happy with your country in every aspect mind that uk is one of the richest cuntries in the world . 
  trust me you do , eu helps greatly to boost your economy ( most visible one is ton of cheap labour ( also skilled ! ), 
  coming to your country ) your gov. 
  would love to sign out from eu ( that is perceived like german-french partnership ) but you also cant allow youselves to loose economical benefits and brussels may play hard in these terms . 
  ugh , do you realize that you get more than us ? 
  we get money for infrastrucutre , business , sicence and agriculture subsidiaries ( which is good ) and useless shi * like `` pc '' media campagains . 
  in exchange we have open markets and we are prone to the monopoly of big corporations that our companies cant compete with . 
  after 2020 when poland will receive far less ( due to gdp growth ) but our economy still wont be able to compete with german , french or british corporations ( heard about any polish corporation operating worldwide ? ), 
  some say that capital has no nationality . 
  i call it bs . 
  edit : also south korea and japan grew to power by highly controlling their home markets and letting their companies grow ( eg . 
  they could do that because products that were imported were highly taxed and national products were cheaper and subsidized this caused these countries to develop very quickly . 
  eastern and central europe gave ourselves into your hands to pull us out of the ussr shithole in return we have german skoda and in my country there is not one polish owned supermarket retailer . 
  seeing and hearing all this makes me very dissapointed . 
  yet we had the biggest jew population in europe . 
  im from lodz the city that had very influential and rich jew community . 
  i wont deny that we had growing antisemitism especially during the 30 's but that was unfortunately the growing trend of nationalist ( like onr ) rising to power in poland and many parts of europe . 
  mind that in the pre-war period many admired hitler ( even in usa ! ), 
  and supported his filthy practices . 
  comapred to the other countries at the given period , yes it was but you can always correct me with the given sources . 
  if someone from other country can come to the germany/france/uk etc. 
  and work while living decently then i see no reason for anyone to be homeless other than alcocholism/drug addiction or chosen lifestyle . 
  welp i heard that turks were only temporary solution to boost economy ... 
  it was actually early 2000 's ( sorry , i was 10 at the time ) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rywin_affair they never had more than 10 % approval after that , people were very dissapointed . 
  during the interwar period poland was actually one of the most progresive and tolerant countires in europe . 
  thats why we had one of the biggest jew population in europe also our goveremnt tried to stay secular and did n't seek the church approval in every matter . 
  catholic church became very influential back in the 90 's due to the fact that the church was one of the biggest allies of communist opposition and had a lot of representation in the parliment by the far right that made things like abortion illegal ( tho there are exceptions like rape and life threating pregnancy ) . 
  most poles are quite tolerant with gay people but adopting or having children by them is big no-no . 
  we still have issues to legalize domestic partnership which is stupid but our goverment is famous for not trying to do anything against the church but that is due to the fact that we have wery weak left-wing parties ( which is because of their communist heritage and corruption scandal back in the late 90 's ), 
  your goveremnt should be . 
  german people only wanted to help . 
  i wonder where was that famous german rational thinking . 
  this stuff is hilarious i really wonder what the smugglers promised them . 
  paychecks in euro and nice houses in big cities ? 
  well played , sir, 
  the score is based on survey questions asked in selected countries , this map source is bad in terms of looking for anti-semitism statistic . 
  http://global100.adl.org/#compare compare poland to sweden and look at the scores , yes many polish people has such opinion and i agree with some of them ( eg . 
  influence on us politics-and answering yes makes it anti-semitism lol ) , but noone will spit on you or curse for wearing a kippah like in some areas of paris https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=altyhmrifgo, 
  agreed but you cant do that without forcing people into certain things , like make muslim parents to teach their kids that it 's ok to be homosexual ( because thats tottaly nazi thing to do / s ) or that women should be treated equally as man . 
  poverty is n't really an issue since many muslims on welfare ( british/german/french etc. ), 
  can afford more than average polish or given former soviet block country citizen . 
  western eu has failed to integrate many muslims , do n't get me wrong i have nothing against them as long as they are honest citizens but some of the stories about muslims that people share here makes me shiver . 
  it 's not even about small fraction of them that commited `` honorable '' killing or beaten people up for not respecting sharia law , it 's that others muslims find it acceptable makes it so bad . 
  because this topic is very important and the way we will deal with it will impact the europe for yers to come . 
  immigration wont just stop , if we do n't change our policy we will have serious issues within the eu ( terrorism , ghettification , lack of integration etc. ) . 
  john oliver with his video makes people trying to contro this crisis look like the bad guys , we call them in my country `` helpful idiots '' people like him make it easier to push stupid policies because of biased point of view . 
  hes great entertainer and when he stays on point hes show is a pure joy to watch but same as / u/wonglik said i am dissapointed by his cover on european immigration . 
  they are very splitted in terms of geopolitics , thats why you can cooperate on some level with russia and we ca n't . 
  our country makes russia headache , putin would dream of poland being weak like ukraine and easy to bully to make pressure on germany . 
  lost of influence in central europe is one of the reasons why russia is now only `` regional power '' . 
  as a whole ? 
  sure w dont stand a chance but we only have to reach the military potential that will make russians hurt if we ever get attacked . 
  you ca n't continue to fight without supplies and you ca n't send every single russian soldier for an invasion . 
  russians need reasons and profits to go for a war , we just have to make their calculations big red `` not worth it '', 
  our current pm ( ewa kopacz ) became leader of ruling party po ( civic platform ) thanks to the d. tusk that became president of the european council thanks to the merkel so you should get the idea . 
  well some people are patrioits and there are brits out there that will respect you for being one and i think this may make it worth to be a soldier . 
  yeah being european is sooooooo hard , you have to : * dont treat woman like 2nd class citizens * respect the law and culture of the country you live in * be tolerant i always liked the way migration works in my country . 
  integrate or live alone , there are no ghettos for you to live with ur kin , you have to live among us . 
  i think he meant that but did n't say it precisely . 
  it 's sort of like self-explanatory . 
  you can pull of modest living in blearus but in the long run it 's rather meh due to the high prices of imported goods ( lots of poles trade used cars in belarus due to the way higher prices ) . 
  their economy is shrinking right now and lukashenko has quite an issue with growing debt . 
  he 's solution is trying to bargain with putin , china ( chineese are inetrested in belarus due to the silkroad project ) and eu . 
  no idea how it will play out in the long run , can only wish them good luck as long as they stay away from the russia . 
  hope the pickles will be very good this season . 
  bugbear , remendy and frozenbyte made some well received games . 
  i think that remedy is the most popular with their max payne and alan wake games but these are ` murican as they can be . 
  would love to play something based on finnish mythology ( i still remember quest for kalevala donald duck comic ) . 
  i drive no kia if that helps . 
  well there is a reason it 's called a service and not a job . 
  even more so considering they have no eu funds . 
  yeah in outsourcing companies , you can easily find a job if you have a degree ( in anything really ) based only on the fact that you also know spanish . 
  mind that you wo n't earn a lot compared to the western eu ( if you are not a desired specialist ) but the costs of living are low and living in big polish cities is quite nice if you earn decent wage . 
  it doesnt even look super silly imo . 
  there is a little bit of grace in that , hah . 
  yeah like 20 years ago ? 
  right now we are safer country than most of the western eu . 
  relevant username :  ), 
  poland is fun , from extreme hot to extreme cold . 
  yep thats why every other european news broadcaster mentioned about it and then german media caught up . 
  this is so funny that you keep trying to justify censorship . 
  i am not fan of my goverment and not proud of current state of the public media but if you think that your country is better in this regard , think twice .
