  1 proudly before germans and russians, 
  we invested so heavily in infrastructure that we even surpassed some of the western eu countries in some aspects . 
  after 2004 thanks to the eu funds poland was one big construction site . 
  we used to joke a lot about quality of our roads and right now we just dont . 
  ( luckily there are still trains ! ), 
  like when ? 
  during roman empire era ? 
  funny thing you say that , europe has one of the best human capitals in the world . 
  we have one of the most healthy , progressive and educated people in the world and it will show in the future . 
  if you would still use marks german minimal wage would be quite higher . 
  euro allows germany to dump their wages and stay competetive with their export based economy . 
  here is an intresting [ article ] ( http://www.bloombergview.com/articles/2015-07-17/germany-not-greece-should-exit-the-euro ) basicly euro allowed german companies to continue exporting more and more . 
  look at that [ graph ] ( https://www.destatis.de/en/factsfigures/nationaleconomyenvironment/foreigntrade/_graphic/overalldevelopment.png;jsessionid=efdf720b0cdec9c826dc6d2cb8ec0896.cae4?__blob=poster ) , even with all the eurozone issues german export surplus widens , nice isnt it ? 
  thanks , fixed . 
  [ polish navy ] ( http://i.imgur.com/lkmergm.jpg ) [ edit ] improved silhouettes from official sources . 
  you mean pumpernickel ? 
  it 's rather aquired taste , 
  his children , [ dominika and sebastian ] ( http://100najbogatszychpolakow.forbes.pl ) kulczyk are now listed as the richest people in poland . 
  not so far back you would get shot by firing squad for such thing ... 
  euro is a bad currency for the poor countries , sadly . 
  wow ... the public opinion there spinned that much ? 
  no wonder current gov. 
  started to do something about the crisis . 
  the k series was nice i still have good memories about my k750i that was joint venture with the japanese tho . 
  they dont do it as of now but in putin mindset these things are leverage that will be used if needed . 
  kremlin wont act uneless they will gain something from it . 
  creating chaos for the sake of chaos is pointless but if you lets say tried to join nato then who knows , it 's russia after all ... 
  he looks like british trump . 
  hey !, 
  you should be grateful she made your politcians come up with their own ideas instead of copying german ones !, 
  this is something that worries me . 
  we dont really see any reasonable qol grow in africa while the continent population is going to rise substantially . 
  with the growing automation we wont be needing more unskilled and uneducated workers in eu . 
  going to be one big shit show on the eu borders because i doubt anyone would allow migration at the size as big as half of the eu population if not bigger . 
  we talk about growing wealth inequality in western world but the biggest issue is global wealth inequality that we dont give a flying fuck about . 
  do what ? 
  intervene ? 
  this is internal eu matter and eu should negotiate this whithout external influence . 
  ukraine is a `` frozen '' conflict , the kiev gov themselves is already anti russian which is enough for us as of now . 
  kremlin will escalate and de-escalate that conflict accoringly to their needs ( for example to block joining eu etc. ), 
  thats the additional issue beacuse society is tied with culture . 
  some migrants even from the 2nd or third generation hardly describe themselves as lets say part of austrian society . 
  they wouldnt do it if that would ostracize them from the community and society but they already feel like they are not part of it ( that still doesnt justify the rape though but its part of the problem ) . 
  this is major issue with multiculturalism for me , even the worst kind of people that i went to class with would never hit a girl . 
  i remeber when one of the boys messed a girl up for fun enough so she would cry , he was given shit by the whole school for a while , never did that again . 
  actually he was just `` allowed to '' put an end to the communism in poland in exchange for the nice and safe life for communist gov. 
  life is not black & white , many people that did horrible crimes ( shooting protesters , tortuting and killing oppositionists etc. ), 
  under the communist gov. 
  were never prosecuted and people that tried to leak the truth were commiting `` suicides '' at alarming scale . 
  i could forgive walesa but the issue with him is that he has pathefic character and wont admit that he cooperated . 
  all that praise from the whole world made him very arrogant person . 
  this is my major issue with him . 
  [ itt ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k5lyxavka0u ), 
  ** disclaimer ** : it was written by our minister of foreign affairs : witold waszczykowski . 
  this article can give you some insight into foreign policy stance of the new gov. 
  maybe not the near future but the french themselves realize that the problem is quite big . 
  watch district 13 movie , this is basicly france future if they wont do anything to help communities . 
  fun / r/europe easter egg , hover over the poland map on the left panel . 
  federalised eu would need strong independent and ( non democratic ) goverment . 
  why ? 
  to succesfuly rule such a political union you need strong goverment that cant be overthrown by either populism or revoltion ( see china , usa - democracy but with 2 party system ) . 
  good example would be immigration crisis that we have right now . 
  strong gov. 
  could just decide for everyone and work on the solution but that would leave some countries unhappy . 
  and thats why i think federalised eu is politcal fiction , there is way too much room for abuse ( state control , `` corporationism '' etc. 
  it points towards `` remove subscription '' . 
  oh you !, 
  these nice houses in sarov are mostly for the egineers and such working in the atomic industry right ? 
  this is stupid , you cant store whole world of poor people in europe and this is exactly what you will get if you give welfare to people crossing borders illegaly . 
  this whole idea is nonsensical . 
  watch [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lpjzfgchgle ) , see these gumballs ? 
  this is the world you live in . 
  the road to hell is paved with good intentions . 
  we should support legal healthy migration and help refugees in their home countries or support the camps in turkey ( much cheaper too ) . 
  geez this is kinda german tradition no need to be butthurt about it . 
  they mocked most of the european politicians . 
  dont forget the space program , poland with india can into space . 
  it 's also way easier to lobby and you can push things like ttip ... 
  imo this whole thing spinned out of control for polish oppostion , this whole thing bumps pis ratings a lot . 
  yeah , the ukrainians here are economic migrants . 
  looks like regular russian day . 
  in poland most of the young people are either centre-right or right wing . 
  left wing politics are more popular among girls but still even they rather lean towards more conservative views . 
  it 's quite fascinating ... are there statistics on eastern and western germany young people political preferences ? 
  better do it fast . 
  you have same stuff in eastern european ue countries but with the eu standards and no shady shit . 
  basicly investing in russia will be always more risky because its not stable politically . 
  gov can shut you down for no reason and call gibs on any international laws . 
  ofcourse i exaggerate a bit but its always safer to invest in cheap eu countries . 
  i think that after alaska russia wont sell any land . 
  ukrainians and russians politely bashing themselves on reddit , how adorable . 
  i thought that for the most part germans are proud nation ... 
  i didnt vote for pis but i also didnt vote for po . 
  i would never vote for po and if they would win again they probably wouldnt push for any sort of reforms and kept `` status quo '' and this is not something that i would support . 
  lets just hope that the sitation wont get worse , its only 1 rating agency so far , sigh . 
  we just outvoted other retard party ( po ) and the second biggest retard party won . 
  i hate politics . 
  whats adds the spice to this whole thing is the fact that the former gov. 
  ( po ) was on great terms with cdu . 
  there were rumors that cdu financed kld ( political party established by d. tusk in the early 90 's ) , it was later confirmed by a few politicians from kld but not the tusk himself .
