  what do you mean new ? 
  ever heard of slavery or great migration ? 
  do the brexit , close the borders and see the factories with jobs for blue-collar worker go away . 
  it wont change a thing . 
  yep that 's why you have social care ... 
  yee we are cheap and tolerable i guess . 
  thanks !, 
  we just live behind the wall i guess :  ), 
  so much dildos, 
  no bread is safe . 
  ever been stuck between a rock and a hard place ? 
  thats polish politics for you . 
  i wouldnt vote for po only to not make pis win ( which was platforma main campagain strategy which to be honest insulted me as a voter ) . 
  some , not all . 
  i have read and watch some cringeworthy articles on polish democracy and current state of affairs . 
  it was bill not hillary , he said that during the speech when he was on hillary campagain tour . 
  are you shittin me ? 
  this is cringefest ... [ edit ] this is too good , they even got token black guy . 
  it 's when you have to follow the strict rules of le ro lo le lo le and le ro lo le lo le, 
   for ordinary people low wages , high taxes , and rampant corruption have become an obstacle to a decent life , and many of my friends and colleagues have chosen to emigrate . 
  this is so funny because this is exactly why pro eu polish gov. 
  ( po ) lost elections yet i keep hearing that poland leans towards authoritarian state and clinton says we throw our democracy away while the last elections was democracy at its finest ( people fed up with ruling party ) . 
  progress is russia tovarishu . 
  yeah but if he starts to shave them he may also kill endangered species living in his pants . 
  it 's not because of that , microsoft joined the race way too late and as a result they have very low market share compared to the ios and android . 
  basic income policy is bad in consumption driven society that we live in . 
  we live an era of waste , we buy fridge/washing machine/electronics once every few years because it was made to last that long and allow you to buy another one just for the sake of profit . 
  with automation that you mention ( and maybe some sort of unlimited energy ) there would be no more need for capitalist system we could just produce as much as we needed . 
  this is unfortunately very utopian and it screws a lot with human nature ( as animals we just love to consume and have even when we dont need it and with no regulation ... some get fat ) . 
  this is what driven us to keep developing as species but it starts to be a burden . 
  some form of socialism can be good as in sweden but it needs big amounts of social trust , without it the whole system starts to get exploited and can collapse ( for example immigrants abusing welfare ) . 
  well its a country of size and economy as big as czech republic . 
  although portugal was far more significant in the past and left a huge mark in the world ( so they have that going for them which is nice ) . 
  it 's like yelling at kid for stealing a candy while holding bag full of stolen sweets ... 
  i swer on my babushka *, 
  it should be batteled with education not bans ... 
  prohibition sucks , this is why we loose war on drugs . 
  this is gov. 
  speaking not the people . 
  abortion topic was not raised in the media since then . 
  pis is scarred to enforce strict abortion laws and they should be ... because majority does not support it . 
  this is one of these sports for `` adrenaline junkies '' . 
  no sane person goes cave diving . 
  impressive and crazy sport ... 
  it 's because most of the polish redditors have quite liberal and left-leaning political views . 
  i see it daily on r/polska sub . 
  they are not the most objective bunch and tend to criticize the gov. 
  in almost every matter ( and sometimes it 's the right thing to do ) but often when faced with facts they just tend to ignore them or downvote me to hell so i stopped posting . 
  the funny thing is that they all storm any news related to poland on r/europe to bash the gov. 
  and provide `` explanations '' which sometimes is only half-true . 
  not really , churches touched the very imagination of architects as they tried to please not only people but also gods . 
  one of the best examples is gothic architecture which to this day influences the artists ( movies , books , art , video-games etc. ), 
  pis is polish goverment though , they set the path that poland will take in eu . 
  tusk in brussels does not benefit them in this regard as he already marked that he will go his own path instead of cooperating with polish goverment . 
  besides tusk is also a good pr for the current opposition ( mainly po ) . 
  saryusz-wolski candidature proposition was really good move by kaczynski , now the ball is in tusk 's court . 
  it 's quite interesting from realpolitik perspective . 
  quality shipposting . 
  hon hon hon, 
  in their white faces burned keen and merciless eyes ; under their mantles were long grey robes ; upon their grey hairs were helms of silver ; in their haggard hands were swords of steel . 
  mother tell your children not to walk my way, 
  you havin a giggle mate ? 
  well they make being old much much much more bearable . 
  this is what my grandma says , at least . 
  daaamn ... 
  i should stop complaining about my country being cold for most of the year . 
  what do you wear in that kind of weather ?? 
  onion build ? 
  best visited during summer !, 
  ... for reasons ... 
  well basicly what we consider western world wo n't be the dominant force both economically and politically . 
  there will be a time when china and india will have bigger part of pie than the us and eu combined this is a fact due to the population differences . 
  on the other hand we may drop from economy that is human resource dependant but this is a topic for / r/futurology close cooperation of eu and usa buys time time for the united states . 
  the world balance is shifting and south china sea tensions is the proof of that . 
  i dont like our current goverment but i will always have pride in my country . 
  politcians come and go but ultimately your country is the people . 
  history of my country is the biggest evidence of that . 
  there are and were many urbanists and architects representing different views . 
  [ leon krier ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/l%c3%a9on_krier ) would be for example in the opposite to the philosophy pushed by courbusier . 
  [ i know that feel ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qvjs_c1u6zs&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=55s ), 
  yeah , he stated that few times during interviews . 
  what 's more is that these protests are not centered around any political party since the opposition is still despised by many people . 
  there is a huge void in the `` political market '' in poland . 
  bo\u017ca kr\u00f3wka is also popular in poland but only in informal way . 
  [  ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/3ohzdpr1tems4ejlpw/giphy.gif ), 
  make urop great again, 
  ya and same for those damn city marathons , all those runners blocking the city while spewing their sport propaganda !, 
  for example my grandpa argued about chechen war and how it is impossible that putin blew his own people in those buildings to provoke a war and the other time he was saying how it is propaganda that living in north korea is bad since pyongyang `` looks normal '' ... 
  in terms of polish politics , it 's the usual . 
  everyone steals and lies and he is always very emotional although he did n't vote since the party that he voted for ( post-communist left ) had a political scandal like 15 years ago . 
  other than that , he 's a great grandpa and i always like to visit , 
  my grandpa is like that , maybe not fully fledged homo sovieticus but boy oh boy do the discussions with him are tense when i am visiting , 
   a cunt, 
  it 's nor about culture nor about language , it 's about geography . 
  russia needs strong centralized government to hold itself together , the collapse of russian federation would require rather extreme turmoil . 
  my post was more about that russia in it 's current form can only exist as an authoritarian state . 
  when the russia will collapse it will . 
  democracy wo n't hold russia in it 's current form as one united country . 
  \u017bu\u017cel is also popular . 
  to put things into perspective , my grandfather is on his retirement for 27 years now .
