   they 're called the real ira media have started calling them new ira because they merged with some other dissidents . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/real_irish_republican_army#2012.e2.80.93present:_since_the_merger_.28.22new_ira.22.29 all the iras just call themselves `` the ira '' though of course , media just gives them names . 
   criticise the tories after they win , do n't criticise them for turning a blind eye to ni issues during an election where they do n't win seats in ni . 
  why not both !, 
  either way theresa may has been saying stuff like this without qualifications about ni since she was home secretary so it 'd actually be a big shock for her to mention the difficulty any time between now and when they actually start doing it . 
  edit : i mean , that is , if you lot were n't about turf her out and elect a labour majority . 
  governments are there on behalf of the whole people not just those who voted for the government parties . 
  are you honestly saying that a manned mars mission is an incremental improvement ? 
  i do n't know how to respond to that . 
  the election decides the government for the whole uk and she 's particularly insistent that it stays that way so she should start acting like it . 
  ni issues are , unsurprisingly , really important to people in ni . 
  then she should say that . 
  unless what she 's proposing would not apply to northern ireland it would almost certainly be in breach of the good friday agreement which is an international treaty lodged with the un . 
  https://www.dfa.ie/news-and-media/press-releases/press-release-archive/2015/may/minister-flanagan-addresses-the-seanad-uk-hr-act/ the complete ignorance of northern irish issues in this campaign would be astounding if it was n't so common . 
   what is n't an incremental improvement ? 
  hyperloop and a mission to mars are examples of things that are n't incremental improvements . 
   nobody pulls things out of thin air . 
  which is why i think scepticism of amazing projects like these makes sense . 
  i 'm not arguing in favour of the youtube guy i just see no reason to trust that it will be successful just because musk says it will . 
  the equivalent of the question would be if attacking a train line took out every train on that line not just one train . 
  or everyone on a bus route got taken out not just one bus full . 
  that 's not to say that 's what 'll happen but that 's the question . 
   elon musk & friends have a good track record delivering so far . 
  genuine question , do they ? 
  as far as i know everything he 's actually delivered has been incremental improvements/implementations on existing technology not anything like the hyperloop or mars missions . 
  i do n't especially follow musk or tesla that 's why i ask . 
  i do n't understand what your question is . 
  are you asking if `` within a month '' suggests it is before the end of the month ? 
  if so , the answer is no because there 's an `` a '' there . 
  `` inside the month '' and `` within the month '' would both mean before the end of the month . 
  for me within sounds better for quantifiable things and inside sounds better for physical things , both are synonyms though . 
  so i prefer `` inside a house '' to `` within a house '' , `` within a mile '' to `` inside a mile '' , `` inside a circle '' to `` within a circle '' and `` within a day/week/month / year '' to `` within a day/week/month / year . '', 
  i do n't think it 's just me because if i google `` within a month '' ( with the quotation marks so it 's looking for the phrase ) i get `` about 153,000,000 results '' whereas googling `` inside a month '' ( with quotation marks ) gets `` about 1,260,000 results '', 
  yes but within a month sounds better . 
   i ca n't browse the internet with an ip . 
  nor can i use it fill up my car . 
  it provides know how , but by no means is it of any value without a finished product to go with it . 
  profit is the difference between costs and revenue . 
  profit is n't value and everywhere levels corporation tax on profit . 
  having unique intellectual property is the main thing that causes revenue to be considerably higher than costs . 
  if you have a drug that cures all disease that is easy to manufacture if you strictly enforce the intellectual property you will make massive profits and you 'll be able to charge as much as people can pay to get it , if you give away those property rights you 'll make no profit and the drug will be sold at the price it takes to manufacture it . 
  the value of the product is the exact same but ip is what makes profits . 
  i 'd recommend you take an economics course if you do n't believe me . 
   competition is hardly the problem . 
  i do n't find the market particularily uncompetetive right now . 
  i never said it was a problem , `` perfect competition '' is n't desirable for innovation , that 's why we have intellectual property in the first place . 
  in perfect competition goods/services are sold at the cost it makes to manufacture them so there 's no taxable profit . 
  again you 'd benefit from a course in economics if you do n't believe me . 
   this is a strawman if i ever saw one . 
  how on earth is outlining what i think a strawman ? 
  that makes no sense . 
   you could easily fix this by mandating minimal corporate taxes or disallowing ip sales within the union ireland controls the whole eu now does it ? 
  if you actually read what i wrote you 'd see i favour agreed eu action . 
   but guess which country is throwing a tantrum about that ? 
  care to provide any back up for that assertion because ireland is n't , you 're just ignorant . 
  negotiations are ongoing and ireland has already unilaterally closed the double irish loophole an action that has no direct benefit for us . 
  we also continue to be a part of international negotiations for the new international tax arrangements . 
  the facts are it is just as much the big country governments who are dragging their feet on it because they 're protecting their companies . 
  their companies who often helped put them in power and/or will give them a job when they leave politics . 
  again this is n't an ireland problem it 's a world problem and the longer people smugly point their finger outwards without knowing the facts and do n't point them at the most powerful governments the longer it will continue . 
  my government definitely does n't lead the way on this and they 're as complicit in it but they also are n't `` throwing a tantrum , '' they follow international norms . 
  ip is what makes most of the profit though . 
  without intellectual property markets tend to become more competitive and profits head towards the break even point . 
  so the problem there is the international systems of intellectual property which are also broken in other ways . 
   the complicated problems as you put it are the crux of the matter and ca n't just be overlooked . 
  i 'm not suggesting they be overlooked , i 'm saying that it 's not a problem for ireland alone and it 's not one ireland alone could solve even if it was especially its responsibility . 
  in so far as ireland is in control we do n't tax profits that are made in other countries . 
  yeah that 's why i wrote in brackets :  ( there are other more complicated problems relating to the questions of where profit is made , especially where intellectual property comes into it but this is the basic logic . ), 
  that again is an international problem not a single nation problem . 
  that 's my thoughts on it too , eu or preferably global agreement i 'm totally in favour of . 
  demonisation of/pressure on ireland and other small countries to just change their policies with no agreement i 'm totally against . 
  well you 'll be happy , ireland 's system does tax 0 % of what xyz corp makes outside of ireland . 
  italy ( and most of the world ) says that if xyz corp is based in another country then that 's where they should pay their tax on profits . 
  ireland agrees with you though and says that xyz corp should pay it where they make the profit . 
  ( there are other more complicated problems relating to the questions of where profit is made , especially where intellectual property comes into it but this is the basic logic . ), 
  he deleted it shortly after but here 's an archive of the tweet . 
  the california republic will rise again !, 
  it 's the english language that is wrong we 're just fixing it . 
  you do n't do that , what you can do is lower other taxes so the total tax people pay stays similar . 
  they certainly can happen across the world . 
  here 's an event across the northern hemisphere https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/year_without_a_summer, 
  how ? 
  in the free market , markets clear so there 's no natural stockpiling or surplus . 
  if there 's an unpredicted exogenous shock like adverse weather or a major volcanic eruption blocking sunlight then there would be food shortages . 
  i 'm not arguing for the current schedule of subsidies , subsidies for cows for example are very hard to justify . 
  i just do n't see the mechanism by which a free market is resilient enough . 
   i am suspicious that what 's been said amounts to `` we will not impose a border , and if the eu wants to do so , let it be on their heads '' quite possibly . 
  very few people in ireland will see it that way though , brexit is the action any change in the border is just a consequence of that action . 
  the eu negotiators are doing a good job of seeming like they will address irish interests and the optics of making it seem like they support irish unification ( even though it did n't change any policy ) the british government on the other hand seem like they rarely think about northern ireland and talk of being `` difficult '' and `` no deal is better than a bad deal '' seem like threats to irish people 's livelihoods on both sides of the border . 
  the biggest thing for the irish people is not to be stopped at the border between the north and the republic . 
  the uk has also said that one of there objectives is that there would be a seemless border . 
  staying in the customs union is one ( / the simplest ) way of doing that so they 've said two things that need to be squared with each other , as such the irish side does n't believe them when they say they will definitely leave the customs union . 
  they are making noises about requesting subsidies from the eu but because the customs union secures two goals at once it 's the preferred method for the irish on both sides of the border . 
  i 'm not talking about the specifics i 'm talking about the general statement you made about agriculture being like every other industry . 
  an improperly structured ** world ** free market in agriculture risks being overly efficient at the cost of resilience . 
  brexit does n't have to mean leaving the customs union so they could be negotiated into staying in that . 
   agriculture is no different from other industry . 
  people starve to death if there 's food shortages . 
  the same is not true of many other industries . 
  it is also prone to exogenous shocks ( weather/disease ) resilience is more important than full efficiency in the case of world agriculture .
