i do agree that had dyson 's other points been listened to it would have improved the regulation but i do n't see how it follows that there 's no point for the uk to be there . 
  the uk government needs to become more effective and using the eu so that when a company like dyson has concerns about regulations being too lax they have support . 
   the uk committee the article does n't mention a uk committee , it was agreed upon by the manufacturers themselves so the german manufacturers outvoted him and he 's accusing the commission of rubber-stamping it . 
   is 5 or 10 % more expensive locally but keeps the money circulating in the local economy had better macro economic benefits than buying the same item from a multinational who repatriates all their profits . 
  it is n't so simple . 
  which is why i started out by pointing out the extreme examples . 
  it is not worth paying the massive amount extra that it would cost to manufacture our own airplanes here . 
  it 's not even worth paying the extra amount it would cost to mass produce our own cars here any more . 
  so we specialised in other things . 
  as i said those are the extremes , it absolutely would not benefit the economy if everyone paid the massive extra costs to create those industries . 
  way more than the 5-10 % you 're advocating . 
  so we import those things and we export other things instead . 
  the same principle of importing some things and exporting others applies to a lesser extent for those things closer to the irish price . 
  we have to consider wether it 's better to pay extra for the irish stuff just because it 's irish ( for the same quality ) or if we might be better off if we focused on something we can produce cheaper ( for the same/better quality ) . 
  i do agree that there is a place for buying irish though , it can help companies getting/maintaining a foothold which allows them to produce for cheaper . 
  there also needs to be competition though to motivate those irish brands to grow and keep costs down . 
  here 's a satirical `` petition '' from economic history that makes the same point i 'm making . 
  that was n't due to any reform though . 
  blanket disapprovals , just like the blanket approvals before are n't good for the economy either . 
  we 've grown despite of them . 
   look at the trend over the past 15/20 years . 
  are you suggesting that things are worse now than they were 20 + years ago ? 
   increasingly in small towns everywhere small family owned businesses have been squeezed out in favor of big multinationals in industrial units out in outskirts , every small town in ireland has been victim to this in some way . 
  either you are too young to realize this or blindly think think `` competition is better '' while we hollow out all the home grown industry that ever produced something of value in the country . 
  so we should kick out the multinationals then and that will improve things ? 
  yes our small towns are suffering but you 're living in an over-idealised version of the past . 
  we need to find new ways for small towns to prosper not cling on to inefficient ways of doing things . 
  competition ** is ** better for consumers . 
  increased competition is one of the few things that have helped keep costs down for irish families and enabled them to get by . 
  refusing to acknowledge that is just as `` blind '' as refusing to acknowledge that it presents a challenge to established businesses and producers particularly in small towns . 
  you constantly keep bringing up multinationals but you acknowledge dunnes and supervalu can have the same effect . 
  without the multinationals we 'd have an irish duopoly , which would be much worse for consumers * and * much worse for producers who would have fewer options of who to sell their produce to and in the long run no better for small towns . 
  but small towns struggling is not evidence that ireland has nothing to offer . 
  it is a challenge that applies to everywhere not just ireland . 
   my whole point is you are not going to get anywhere in the world by having nothing to offer it besides a tax cut or `` patent box '' i got your overall point and disagree . 
  what i do n't get is what on earth where people shop has to do with it . 
  especially since what you were wrong about the choice being between german or uk multinationals . 
   al hail modern ireland where if you are not buying you shopping from uk multinational it 's most likely a german one . 
  was it for this that the men and women of 1916 fought and died !, 
  or you could get your shopping from dunnes or supervalu but lets ignore that . 
  i bet you hate that you ca n't fly back to ireland in irish made airplanes like in the golden age . 
  or drive the fantastic irish made cars of yore !, 
  god be with the days of the irish smartphone !, 
  my fingers weep that they must type this message on a non-irish computer . 
  if there is anything that exemplifies going backwards it is openness to international trade !, 
  we need to be forward thinkers like north korea and end all this nonsense of buying things off foreign companies . 
  i do n't think ex-pats owe us anything , but the sheer irony of you giving out about people shopping in foreign owned shops . 
   what they should have done is produce a grading system like we have with fridges ... 
  they did that too as part of the same [ regulation . 
  ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/energy/efficiency/labelling/doc/guidelines_665_666_2013_vacuum_cleaners.pdf )  ... with charges for the less efficient ones . 
  i 'm fairly sure the commission does not have the power to levy a charge . 
  so they would have had to go through a long process of getting every member state to implement a charge on the power consuming vacuum cleaners . 
  the implementation was fine , maybe not ideal , but fine . 
  there 's no particular reason not to ban the manufacture and importation of vacuums over 1600 watt for non-industrial use . 
  whereas there are big reasons environmentally and politically ( reduced reliance on russian gas ) to begin a push for efficiency wherever possible . 
  i do n't think regulators should be expected to predict the uk media backlash for something that until then nobody had any strong feelings about . 
  that 's often said but what are the staunch reforms ireland has implemented ? 
  they say they would get rid of them . 
  that would be part of why they have this bump in support right now . 
  which is because the concept of what can characterise a race is so broad and it 's never really been a fixed thing . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/race_ ( human_classification ), 
  the article has a misleading title . 
  the cost of one particular type of fare has gone up 62.5 %  a dublin bus user travelling between one and three stages paid $ 1.20 in 2011 - the fare will rise to $ 1.95 after yesterday 's nta announcement . 
  that 's paying cash for the shortest journeys on the bus . 
  it 's harder to say how much public transport costs have gone up . 
  as the article says :  as the nta has modified the charging structure for travel zones , costs and prepaid travel deals have made it difficult to provide exact comparisons . 
   orange , white and green what 's ivory coast got to do with anything ? 
  it 's hypocritical because the accusation against iceland is that they agreed to pay money if certain conditions arose but when those conditions arose they baulked at doing so . 
   he is putting money before diplomatic relations in both cases , and is not unpopular at home for doing so . 
  that does n't stop it being hypocritical . 
  i do n't accept that the treasury would not have informed him/his office that it was quite likely that it was likely that changes in gni would mean they would be required to pay a sizeable sum to the eu . 
  i 'm obviously not saying he sought out a situation where the uk is required to pay more money to the eu . 
  i 'm saying he had the necessary knowledge to negotiate how this might be paid much earlier but chose not to . 
  they did n't know the exact figure but they knew something like this was coming up . 
  it was a political choice to wait for the european commission 's release of the exact figures be the start of the story instead of getting ahead of * that . 
  *  cameron is a europhile cameron is pro-business/financial sector and believes it would be bad for business/the financial sector to leave the eu . 
  i would n't call that being a `` europhile '' but yeah he 's not a eurosceptic either . 
  i do n't think he has any great belief in the european project beyond it 's value for businesses . 
  no matter how much you disagree with iceland 's actions it 's entirely inaccurate to describe it as stealing . 
  according to cameron they agreed to pay money if certain conditions arose but when those conditions arose they baulked at doing so . 
  which is exactly the same as cameron is doing . 
  ( ( since then , as you may have missed , an efta court ruling ruled in iceland 's favour . 
  accepting their argument their deposit insurance scheme was not legally require to have enough funds to cover systemic collapse of the banking system and therefore the icelandic state was n't liable to make up for its inadequacy . 
  http://www.ft.com/intl/cms/s/0/4258b6da-693b-11e2-b254-00144feab49a.html#axzz3hoeyoace ) ), 
  i do agree that the method of payment is stupid but it is cameron who has turned this into a crisis . 
  it 's the same as with the spitzenkandidates , no word of protest is given until he thinks he can score some political points out of it . 
  now that cameron has started to actually challenge it i predict the eu will `` back down '' . 
  that is , agree that december is too soon and to allow the payment to be payed back over a few years . 
  something that could easily have been negotiated before it became a `` crisis '' . 
  the conservatives and their establishment `` eurosceptic '' equivalents in other countries in the eu always do this . 
  they play no part in making the eu better or in getting the eu to represent their constituents interests until they can turn it into a crisis . 
  the truth is that kind of `` eurosceptic '' party loves the eu because it allows them to do that , distracting from all their other failings . 
  unfortunately for them they 've opened the door for genuinely anti-eu parties to steal their votes . 
   iceland must refund uk depositors as part of its application to join the eu : `` this country should be a good friend to iceland and a strong supporter of eu enlargement . 
  but iceland owes the uk # 2.3 bn in respect of compensation paid by the government to uk investors following the collapse of its banking sector . 
  we will use the application process to make sure that iceland meets its obligations -- because we want that money back . 
  `` iceland must refund uk depositors as part of its application to join the eu : `` this country should be a good friend to iceland and a strong supporter of eu enlargement . 
  but iceland owes the uk # 2.3 bn in respect of compensation paid by the government to uk investors following the collapse of its banking sector . 
  we will use the application process to make sure that iceland meets its obligations -- because we want that money back . '', 
  - june 2010 http://www.conservativehome.com/parliament/2010/06/iceland-must-repay-uk-depositors-if-it-wants-to-join-eu-warns-cameron.html i guess it would be more surprising if cameron said something and * was n't * being hypocritical .
