  my impression was fox news mostly did n't like trump , ( though i did n't watch them first hand so i do n't know ) why did n't they run with it before he got the nomination ? 
  unless they 're holding back for an october surprise i find it hard to believe that the establishment could be either so fooled or so indifferent that trump is secretly that pro-putin . 
  looked it up . 
  petrous romanus is a good final pope in those prophesies so it 's not really relevant . 
  if the poster said my congregation thinks that francis is the false prophet or the anti-christ that 'd be one thing , all they said is that they do n't respect him . 
  unless they really like understatement then i do n't think that 's what they were talking about . 
  i 've never heard of it before outside of that context and what i can find is that those limits on migration were specifically only put in each accession treaty . 
  i ca n't find a source online , would you know where in the treaties it is ? 
  or have another source ? 
  right-wing `` catholics '' have been saying shit about popes being false since vatican ii . 
  so your congregation is n't roman catholic any more then ? 
  or what , was god busy the day francis was chosen and somehow did n't guide the decision ? 
  i thought the existing one could apply only to migration from countries who have just joined the eu ? 
  well that 's only one way of looking at the thread . 
  another valid way which i think the top comment looked at it is that the thread is about political revisionism in nomenclature which both examples fit under perfectly . 
  sure , i do n't blame you and i 'm not offended , it 's reddit/internet culture to say it the way you said it , same with how i worded my first comment in this thread too to be honest . 
  ( though i did n't call anyone a terrorist , you commie-nazi ! ), 
  i think it 's important to take a step back sometimes and think about what the literal meaning of what we 're saying is and how ridiculous it is . 
  i 'm not making an argument , not everything is a conflict . 
  the comment at the top of the chain seems to be from a historian or someone who works explaining history in some capacity , so it seems to be their job to care about it and use the accurate terms for when they are talking about different periods in history . 
  they made a comment about people getting annoyed at them for using the accurate term and accusing them of being political , which was replied to with a comment by someone getting annoyed at them for using the accurate term accusing them of being political ... 
  they probably do use judea when they are actually talking about judea . 
  that 's all my point is . 
  so now it 's escalated and you 're replying to me in an angry tone essentially accusing me and the comment at the top of the chain of being pro-terrorism and/or state backed killings whether you meant to or not that 's what your post says . 
  or maybe when talking about the period in history when it was palestina they refer to it as palestina and in the period of history when it was called judea they call it judea ... 
  did you know that there is no empirical evidence that minimum wage increases cause dramatic employment decreases or dramatic price increases ? 
  some studies have even seen increases in employment after minimum wage increases so even the question of non-dramatic negative effects is up for debate . 
  [ it happens ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/bnp-signs-its-first-non-white-member-1824108.html ), 
  i 'll try to help . 
  firstly the guy you 're replying to has no idea what a bubble is either . 
  `` ireland is a bubble '' makes no sense as a sentence . 
  countries or economies are n't bubbles , they experience bubbles of/in something . 
  they can even be `` bubble economies '' but to phrase it as a country `` is a bubble , '' shows a lack of understanding . 
  so a house price bubble is when house prices keep rising and they keep rising due to the fact that house prices are rising . 
  the rises in price are n't because supply has shrunk or because of a massively increasing population , people are buying houses because they will be more expensive later . 
  in ireland the main asset that 's rising dramatically in price is actually house prices . 
  however looking at all the statistics on the supply side : planning permissions , house builds completed , mortgages approved all point towards a supply that is not rising much at all . 
  and if you look on the demand side , birthrates , immigration ( minus emigration ) , rents and the numbers of people of the age where they would normally buy somewhere there is big pent up demand . 
  it 's not useful for measuring `` the size of the economy '' in this case either though . 
  for a definition of `` the economy '' that can be used for anything like taxation potential , comparative size , sustainability of debt or any other use . 
  gdp is used because for large countries like the us it roughly correlates to a useful measure for those things and more , if us gdp is down consistently it probably means that the `` real '' economy of the us is in recession . 
  m50 toll is state owned now too . 
  how can the eu offer anything , no one knows what the uk wants yet !? 
  do n't think even theresa may knows what she wants to try to get yet . 
   italy did n't bail their banks out during the crisis like many others have done , and since then the rules of course have changed . 
  but bailing out the banks without bondholders taking any loss is seen as a having been a massive mistake in ireland . 
  the reason why the rules changed is because it was widely agreed that what was done was wrong . 
  like i do n't know if the new rules are completely the right thing to do either but blanket guarantees definitely are n't right . 
  anyway , i did n't really want to get into a debate about it i just want to know what italians think . 
  there does n't seem to be anything about what they actually want . 
  is having a bank bailout popular in italy ? 
  genuine question , not rhetorical . 
  maybe that 's the politics in italy but it would be amazing to me if not being able to give banks public money lead to a popular backlash against the eu . 
  would n't be a neighbour unless they got northern ireland , which 'd be ... interesting . 
  how on earth is it truthful unless she is profoundly stupid . 
  there will be absolutely no deal which involves people being dragged out of their homes and kicked out of the country ( wether literally or just figuratively ) . 
  it would not be logistically possible to kick so many people out and if you tried there would be massive riots and economic standstill . 
  ( and if you try to do it a few at a time they 're not all just going to wait around to be kicked out ) i do n't think she 's stupid so this probably is n't honesty . 
  this is continuation of the dog whistle politics that leads to xenophobic slurs and attacks on streets against other eu nationals and other non-nationals ( inexplicably , though i guess logic is n't to be expected ) . 
  just so she can impress the xenophobes in her party into thinking she 's a tough negotiator . 
  ( not all conservatives are xenophobes but there 's apparently enough of them for it to be worth pandering to them ) which is even more stupid because there 's a subtle but very important difference between being a good negotiator and being purely a tough negotiator . 
  if britain goes into these negotiations as hostage takers there wo n't be any deal . 
  if she was smart , cared about not increasing xenophobic incidents and honest she would come out and say that she would make sure that any eu national who is employed/studying and was in the country before the vote will definitely be able to stay in the country . 
  neither official campaign actually focuses on what 's actually in the treaty being voted on though . 
  it was a treaty in 1921 which ended ireland 's war of independence and it was n't directly voted on by the electorate it went through our parliament . 
  there then followed a civil war between the pro-treaty and anti-treaty sides . 
  the pro-treaty side won . 
  it also was n't ulster that chose to remain in the uk , if it had been the entirety of ulster then it would have been either a very slim majority or a minority in the province who wanted to stay . 
  but yeah overall you have a valid point . 
  there was an agreement in 1999 which left the decision in the hands of the people on the island of ireland . 
  if both the republic and the north vote for unity then the uk government has agreed to respect that decision and not block it . 
  so there 's good reason why it would be entirely uncontroversial then . 
  the uk also agreed to decrease it 's armed presence in ni , so to a large degree they did withdraw their troops . 
  so that explains why it 's accepted by everybody now . 
  before then you might have a question , but i think there were countries who would have supported ireland 's official claim over northern ireland . 
  i know jeremy corbyn did . 
   it 's actually around the same level it was back in feb. 
  it 's 4 cent below it 's lowest point in february . 
  4c is significant and does n't count as `` around . '', 
  that lowest point in february was the lowest it had been against the dollar since 2009 . 
  what happened in that week in february that it was so low ? 
  that was the week the referendum date was announced and the package cameron had secured was revealed . 
  a lot of misunderstanding about currencies going around . 
  purely currency-wise what matters most is the stability/volatility rather than the absolute price . 
  it 's much harder to trade if you ca n't roughly predict what the price of the good in your preferred currency will be next week or even tomorrow . 
  http://www.votewatch.eu/en/term8-nigel-farage-2.html he has only attended 38.5 % of roll call votes for the parliament putting him 746th for attendance out of a total of 751 meps . 
  that is why it 's a question . 
  how about you ask us irish if they enjoy england and wales making a decision which will send us back into a recession right as things were starting to get better ? 
  how about you ask the irish if they enjoy england and wales making a decision that jeopardise peace in northern ireland and possibly make it more difficult for families who have members living on both sides of the border ? 
  that 's the reality for small countries , and it always has been , bigger countries making decisions that fuck us over . 
  in the eu , yeah it sometimes still happens but at least we get a chance to put forward our case and time to get allies to try block it from happening . 
  ( and overall the bigger countries within the eu have given us way , way more than they 've taken ) so do n't pretend you give a fuck about us . 
  in ireland 's representative democracy the elected government are given the power to call as many referendums as they like . 
  if the people do n't like that they can continue to vote no , have massive protests and civil disobedience and then elect a new government at the next election . 
  none of that happened and there was no force stopping it , no army on the streets , nothing stopping voters voting however they liked . 
  nothing anti-democratic unless you think representative democracy is not democratic . 
  if a government who wanted to leave the eu was elected they could have as many referendums about leaving as they wanted to . 
  so native americans , aboriginals , maori , irish and british are all more alike than the danish and greeks ? 
  it 's not nitpicking . 
  there are several `` zero emission '' options which we have to choose from .
