  factchecking is always going to come after stories are initially published . 
  from what i can find the passwords were not literally `` password '' though they were weak . 
   cnn then refused to cover it and dropped any corospondent or guest that mentioned it immediatly . 
  ironically this type of lie is now less likely because of trump . 
  at least by cnn . 
  this type of lie is because of pressure from the administration suggesting that cnns access will be revoked . 
  now that cnn is being attacked by the new administration i expect they 'll be forced to do better journalism because they 're not going to definitely not going get access to publish stories first . 
  the double irish loophole ( what starbucks used for example ) has already been closed . 
  some form of common consolidated corporation tax rules will likely not be blocked by ireland and be agreed on in the next few years . 
  the only thing is ireland will absolutely not change it 's 12.5 % rate though . 
  she literally said at davos that she wants to make britain `` even more globalist in action and in spirit . '', 
  which is ironic because if currency speculation really is a cause rather than a symptom he `` saved '' them from the euro . 
  as well as gdp being inflated the 120 % gross debt was misleading . 
  during the debt crisis and bailout to allay fears our tresury agency kept a buffer of over a years worth . 
  net government debt peaked at 92.1 % http://www.cso.ie/en/releasesandpublications/er/gfsa/governmentfinancestatisticsapril2015/ now that we 've switched in the eyes of the ecb and market to being safe again we 've been able to use up some of that buffer instead of borrowing new debt to maintain it . 
  maybe if i learn russian there 'll be a place for me advising trump . 
  it 's weird though i can think it out correctly a thousand times with tricks like that or even just looking at or just imagining a map and i know asia is east and the americas are west ( and europe is the centre of the universe of course ) . 
  then as soon as i 'm not thinking about it it 'll be 50/50 if i mix up the two words or not . 
  i considered saying this is what i did since it makes sense but nah , i just mix up east and west all the time . 
  dunno why , conceptually i know them perfectly . 
  i have to take a second to visualise a map with a compass to be sure to get it right . 
  ( which i did n't do this time ), 
  it 's gon na be yuge ... ( i messed up , not editing though ), 
  i 'm sure he 's been briefed by the advisors who he listens to and respects that ukraine is in south east russia . 
  they recently changed to be in favour of abortion in the case of fatal fatal abnormalities , so they 're for repealing the 8th but they 're against the system that is available in gb . 
  no , there is no prospect of a return of the troubles in the short or medium term . 
  it would n't be the uk pushing it . 
  it is the fallback and both sides understand that it is the fallback . 
  the alternative is gridlock and shutdown of government services . 
  ni is not the powder keg it used to be . 
  in the short or even the medium term there 's no prospect of a return to the level of violence of the past even if direct rule is implemented . 
  as i said joint rule would only ever be a negotiation tactic to get the unionists to come to the table . 
  sinn f\u00e9in seem happy to continue government with them so long as arelene foster stands aside . 
  i suspect the reason she and her party are so willing to go over the brink is because with thresa may , self professed unionist , in charge they would n't mind direct rule ( and their 8 seats in westminster could give them sway with her ) . 
  the only intervention i 'd recommend is something to make that less inticing . 
  apart from joint rule that could come in the form of applying english gay marriage laws ( which the majority of the assembly were in favour if but the dup blocked ) or abortion laws ( which sinn f\u00e9in would also be against ), 
  so that 's a yes then . 
  the collapse of the assembly is not a local issue . 
  that 's the trajectory after this election at the moment . 
  if that happens there will most likely be direct rule from westminster . 
  ( the only other unlikely possibility is joint rule with dublin , which is more a threat to unionists than a real prospect ), 
  so you think murdering people is ok ? 
  not normal no , extremely brave people who were aware that this was likely their fate but stood up to their dictatorship anyway to try to make their country better . 
  russia still murders opposition . 
  depends how it 's meant . 
  if `` competing every minute of every day '' means all they do is compete then yeah i 'm saying that 's not true . 
  if it 's meant literally then in the sense that there are limited resources and conflicting interests well then in that sense nations are constantly competing . 
  but in that sense i actually am `` competing '' with my friends every day too , especially friends who are also co-workers . 
  it 's usually better not to think of it like that though . 
  we might go for the same promotions ( economic competition ) or be attracted to the same person ( political competition ) but if we 're friends we do n't sabotage each other we try to be the best us we can be . 
  even if that is not how many or possibly even most people act . 
  i think you 're focusing way too much on immigration and viewing things from the uk perspective . 
  the problem is primarily massive emigration due to the degree of global inequality . 
  so long as being in the west illegally dodging the authorities is a better life than at home there will be nothing governments can do internally to stop it they can reduce it by making their country worse like weakening human rights but that wo n't stop it . 
  are you adding to his point or suggesting that nations are competing with each other every minute of every day ? 
  what are the other things ? 
  generally police are n't meant to arrest someone and then find evidence , they find evidence and then arrest someone based on it . 
  not enough , only option is to demolish berlin , for the nation of germany to disband entirely and to start again . 
  sanctions will be ineffective if the us is n't part of them . 
  us businesses would take over trade which would go to eu businesses if the eu maintained sanctions without the us . 
  i 'm not saying that makes it right to abandon sanctions but it changes it to a stand in principle instead of doing any damage to russian interests . 
  i think we 're agreed on the point i wanted to make elsewhere in this thread . 
  changes in eu level policy wo n't do anything to assuage people who think there 's a cultural clash because non-european migration is already entirely in member states control . 
  are you saying european migration is a cultural clash ? 
  ( genuine question i do n't want to debate with you ), 
  i do n't think immigration is the cause of stagnating wages or deprivation in those areas , i think government policy is . 
  i do n't think i 'll convince you of that so i 'll say this instead : the eu needs to end mass ** em ** igration and it slowly does do that !, 
  if the eu got it 's shit together economically within 10-20 years you 'd see non-integrated eastern europeans choosing to go home to work and net eu migration more balanced or going eastward . 
  the past 12 years has been an aberration because of the sudden enlargement . 
  the only populous european nations left that could join are russia and turkey neither of which are likely to happen , well , ever but definitely not within 50 years and even then they will mostly not go to the uk . 
  that perception comes from the media that they read though and that media already causes them to consistently overestimate the number of immigrants coming in . 
  praising an incremental change does n't sell newspapers/generate clicks . 
  but the immigration that people are most riled up about is already entirely up to the nations . 
  i 've also read that usually it 's the areas with fewer immigrants that are more anti-immigration . 
  if that 's true i do n't see how an incremental change would placate people . 
  yeah , it 's the same for all emotions just so you know . 
  they are `` on you , '' like clothes , which you almost got right by saying `` d\u00edom\u00e1 ort '' ( lit . 
  disappointment on you ) , but that also means you `` put them '' on someone else . 
  you 're doing ok though . 
  if you ever make a mistake you can think of it this way , a lot of people spend 14 years getting your level of irish !, 
  :p ( due to bad teachers and disinterest ), 
  it was pretty good you just said something like `` you are disappointed to me . '', 
  is what you 're looking for . 
  which if translated literally would be `` you put disappointment on me . '', 
  this is why irish/languages are hard . 
  english is the foreign language and we 're ridiculously good at it !, 
  ( shh ... they do n't know enough irish to know we do n't all know it fluently ), 
  so if you care about your privacy the solution is simple , join the german intelligence services then nothing about you will be investigated !, 
  but are finnish people who say that for or against anal fisting ? 
  https://daliaresearch.com/e28/ this seems to be the polling methodology used : https://daliaresearch.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/08/methodology-pdf-1.pdf yeah it 's a poll using only pcs , tablets and smartphones and it 's self completed on those devices . 
  much as they claim to be representative , for this specific question where opinion has an urban/rural divide and a strong young/old divide i really doubt they achieved that . 
  certainly not to a better extent to the british polls which give a different result . 
  i 'm absolutely pro-eu but come on people , suddenly 58 % of british people being pro-eu would be an insane turn around . 
  i 'm an outside observer as well . 
  i think it 's because blair was so popular and charismatic at the time so it actually mattered to people that he lied and stands by those lies to this day . 
  people hate him because they and those around them liked him . 
  the manner in which people were lied to about the justification for going in to iraq . 
  the level of deception was higher in the uk than the us even . 
  lucky you . 
  rammstein get their name from the ramstein airshow disaster which happened there .
