so where did it all kurwa go ?!, 
  north korea . 
  ukraine is none of those, 
  eu numbers are useless , there 's no way the entire eu ( or any country for that matter ) would agree on mobilizing against russia . 
   different country not yet , 
  is this why he 's trying to annex parts of ukraine ? 
   master/slave crap i hear germans are pretty into it . 
   are you for statehood kind of , sometimes i am and sometimes i 'm not  why do you use a us flair ? 
  there 's no pr flair, 
  nah , it 's the different pages of deathnote circulating . 
  he 's our bush . 
  most people hate him with a passion , and some people tolerate him . 
  he is hated too much imo but he would do great in the federal government . 
  [ tax incentives ] ( http://www.puertoricosothebysrealty.com/eng/tax-incentives ) * `` the export services act ( also known as act 20 ) levies a top 4 % tax rate on earnings from businesses that perform services , like professional consulting , asset management , research and development , computer programming , and so forth , in puerto rico for clients from outside the island '' . 
  i 've always lived here and quite like it . 
  my eu citizenship is inherited . 
   but then , yeah , why is n't puerto rico a state ? 
  it 's complicated . 
  we were part of la madre espa\u00f1a ( spain ) from 1494 to 1898 ( m\u00e1s vale que sepas esto , co\u00f1o ) , until we got annexed by the us . 
  we developed a strong national culture , making us near impossible to assimilate . 
  we 've been under us rule for 116 years , and we 're still very different from north americans . 
  many people fear that by becoming a state , we 'll lose our national identity and values ( get assimilated ) , for a better economic future and more security . 
  as well , people fear that if we become independent we 'll meet the fate of other latin american countries ( shit economy , dictators , etc ) . 
  if you ask me , we should have a hong kong-esque status , but that simply is n't permitted under the us constitution . 
  also , since you 're canarian , i encourage you to watch [ this ] ( http://youtu.be/u-wqpc8lfh4?t=19s ) . 
  it 's a video on the origin of the caribbean spanish accent . 
  greetings fellow spanish citizen !, 
  there are a few things that i would like to clear up in relation to your post . 
   puerto rico is not exactly first world material we are , and have a gdp per capita of 27 thousand usd , while spain 's is 31 thousand usd . 
  we 've implemented a series of economic incentives , such as [ a tax exemption to american/european investors and other people involved in finance who move to the island ] ( http://www.pwc.com/en_gx/gx/hr-management-services/newsletters/global-watch/assets/pwc-puerto-rico-income-tax-exemption-granted-non-residents.pdf ) , student debt re-financing to college graduates who establish startups on the island , and tax breaks to startups . 
  if you 're interested in any of tax breaks and incentives send me a pm and i can send you more info . 
   you 'd have literally millions of people who are now legally required to be provided healthcare , pensions and stuff of the like we partake in all the us programs ; we have `` obamacare '' , social security , unemployment benefits , state-subsidized education , pan , etc. 
   free movement of people from puerto rico into america we 've been us citizens since 1917 , which means that there is free movement between pr and the us . 
  you do n't even need a passport to travel to/from puerto rico . 
  we serve in the us military ( my dad was drafted ) and use the us dollar . 
   would completely wreck the voter base of half of america 's states on its own a little bit but not really , it would only hurt the republicans because they rule in all the steppe horde tier states that are sparsely populated . 
  [ i like it . 
  yeah , but they 've been held anywhere from 5-26 years apart and are n't legally binding . 
  even then they 're plebiscites ( basically a really expensive opinion poll ) which means that they 're not legally binding . 
  in the last one in 2012 statehood won 61.3 % of the vote but congress threw the results away and obama said a larger majority was needed to make a decision on this . 
  even then , congress would have to vote on it , and we all know how that would turn out . 
  tl ; dr no edit : i have no idea why i 'm getting rained on with downvotes . 
  or if you live in puerto rico , like me , ~ ~ you ca n't vote ~ ~ you ca n't vote for president while living in your island/nation/country / commonwealth/territory thing . 
  this is inaccurate . 
  i do n't see mohammed anywhere . 
  you should add establishing oil reserves , like the united states does . 
  even then tropical beaches are much better, 
  back home uni is so cheap that if you qualify for student aid you end up with a surplus . 
  being part of the eu is less shitty than russia strong-arming you into compliance . 
  it 's better to be a servant in heaven than a servant in hell . 
  gd has no real power, 
  but ukraine 's political situation makes eu accesion vital for sovereignty . 
  the crayon thing is stupid . 
  yeah but the eurasian union would have a max of 150 million or so people , most of them quite poor . 
  they ca n't compete with the eu . 
  second world . 
  `` second-hand terrorists '', 
  nice flair, 
  if french were english , what would the swiss accent be ? 
  no i mean the eu could use latin as the language of communication . 
  apolitical , dead , a european heritage , and has spawned/influenced most european languages greatly . 
  it would be rather easy for romance language speakers to learn . 
  also , it 's badass to revive a dead language . 
  what 's the english equivalent of it ? 
  latin . 
  spanish has more , mi amiguito . 
  it 's something like 6 or 7 hundred million , i think . 
  it 's not just the usa . 
  people in puerto rico often work 10-12 hours a day , and while we do have vacation time , it 's looked down upon if you actually take it . 
  i live in a puerto rico , a country that has n't had sub 10 % unemployment in over twenty years . 
  consider yourself blessed . 
  then they should drive it . 
  because muh empire where the sun never sets, 
  as someone from puerto rico , i have to say that that is much more fucked up than here, 
  i do n't think the average ugandan would fake being gay just to get asylum . 
  nice username, 
  lel holocaust, 
  lol it would be so funny if wwiii started because of tension over gibraltar, 
  i have n't seen the west support secessionist movements in russia . 
  russia only supports these secessionist movements to punish countries , and in the hope that they 'll be able to re-incorporate them ( e.g. 
  if the op is a female she should just put her things in it and carry it around with her . 
  it 's a sport and these teams are cultural icons in spain . 
  if anything , i would tax the big teams and give breaks on the smaller ones , to make la liga `` fairer '' . 
  butthurt catalan detected, 
  i think spain would be better of with a south africa style capital system , rather than splintering . 
  i think our current region system is stupid and should be divided in : castille , galicia , catalonia , and the basque country . 
   from the russian standpoint georgia tried to pull a fast one while everyone was focusing on the olympics by attacking what they consider an independent nation and an ally it 's not the only `` independent nation and ally '' that russia is supporting . 
  russia is supporting seccesionist movement in several ex-soviet/ex-soviet satellite countries . 
  privacy concerns will lead to the de-globalization of the internet . 
  why/how do you have the second republic 's flag ? 
  i think an eu-wide linux distro could save the eu and local governments a lot of money . 
  is siberia nice ? 
   portuguese ca n't spell `` knife '' wait , what ? 
  nah , it dissolved over a period of seven years . 
   what new breakaway countries , they 're the same ? 
  imagine that in 50 years there 's a very strong eu , with all the countries following germany like ducklings . 
  if 15 of those suddenly separated , would n't you consider it an `` independence '' of sorts ? 
  and would you really care , after 12 have separated in a matter of days or weeks , that say , cyprus , also separated ? 
  this is like when the ussr collapsed . 
  i eventually stopped caring about all the new breakaway countries .
