keep the usa powerful then with that attitude !, 
  usa and eu . 
  eu has every capability to undermine the usa , but they just accept it instead . 
  nowadays the economies are too wounded together for any action . 
  i think as long as one power kept the other in check , usually with the aid of a third power . 
  in theory it 'll be perfectly stable that way , and i 'm sure the unsc was formed to try to act as a 4-power ( 5 after france ) to try to bring that to practice , but commonalities and alliances still made it bipolar ( which despite 's not being unipolar could be even worse ) . 
  i think now we 're just lucky the current superpower is who it is right now , although i doubt the middle east could say the same . 
  usually you need to develop a sphere of influence in order to become a power , and that could either be by force , or by respect . 
  the usa uses both methods , and russia 's using both also , so russia definitely has the desire to . 
  `` that '' refers to russia being a stabilizing power if the world becomes multipolar . 
  its actions and rhetoric , down to its politics , still has n't changed much from the soviet union , other than becoming a country of religious nuts . 
  not necessarily . 
  wwi and wwii were multipolar world results with each side * wanting * to be the dominant one ( aka unipolar ) , and as a unipolar world they could do anything they want . 
  the world is just lucky the usa is the sole power , if the soviet union or nazi germany ( if either did n't collapse ) , you 'd have a different opinion on a unipolar world . 
  most stable , but if alternate history happened , would you want nazi germany being the sole power , or the soviet union ? 
   when done right, 
   when done right, 
  you do you there 's still religion in europe right ? 
  it depends . 
  while the west done good throughout its history , the west has n't done the best things to every country since 1991 ( signal : he middle east ) . 
  but neither the west or the soviet union did wonderful things during the cold war either . 
  a multipolar world , when done right , would most likely lead to peace , because cooperation is needed . 
  however , when two extremes are passed , either extreme friendship for something immoral ( molotov-ribbentrop pact ) or extreme hostility ( cold war ) it could actually be more dangerous . 
  i do n't see russia doing that , not without a middleman like china . 
  russia has an imperialist spirit like the usa does right now , and right now its leading to a mess on both sides . 
  france has done air strikes in isis-controlled areas of iraq back in 2014-15 , and i think they 're still at least sending supplies ( as every nato country is now somehow involved in the coalition against isis ), 
  ahh , the beauty of multiculturalism resulting from years of irresponsible immigration . 
  ahh yeah , no reasoning with those folks then, 
  where in the bible did jesus christ advocate for rape or murder ? 
  that 's the difference : it all comes to the figurehead , no matter what there will be crazies , but it 's not crazy if the religion actually teaches such things . 
  hitler was also great at leading germany to destruction that took decades to fix . 
  there has been more than enough evidence of the holocaust . 
  read mein kampf before you heil your fuhrer . 
  it has been documented that jews , communists , slavs , gypsies and other groups needed to be exterminated from the earth . 
  there are indeed self-serving bastards on all sides . 
  russian news went crazy with fake news over ukraine . 
  but truly what depends is researching topics yourself and trying to find the pov that makes the most sense . 
  moscow times has a nice summary for it , although it 's not of the interview itself . 
  best bet is a google translate for the interview itself , as i could n't find one https://themoscowtimes.com/news/the-russian-woman-convicted-of-treason-for-texting-a-friend-says-she-loves-putin-57439, 
  i believe it was originally her giving an interview with mediza that she praised putin . 
  not sure whether it 's just because he pardoned her , or if it 's a genuine love . 
  the sad thing is that woman is now crazy pro-putin shill . 
  they must 've waterboarded her with gravy or something in that prison . 
  hopefully obama 's deal with iran does n't go the same way as clinton 's deal with a north korea , 
  as sad as it is , panda deaths like these are actually pretty common in the wild , due to the mother really only caring for the stronger/strongest of the offspring , due to the evolutionary advantage this action would have . 
  still pretty cool though to witness a panda birth , especially the first one in a country . 
   the english word slave comes from old french sclave , from the medieval latin sclavus , from the byzantine greek \u03c3\u03ba\u03bb\u03ac\u03b2\u03bf\u03c2 , which , in turn , comes from the ethnonym slav , because in some early medieval wars many slavs were captured and enslaved . 
  [ 9 ] [ 10 ] an older interpretation connected it to the greek verb skyle\u00fao ` to strip a slain enemy ' . 
  [ 11 ] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slavery#terminology, 
  i ca n't help but shake my head at some of the `` news '' that propaganda channels produce . 
  i remember one piece stating that russia 's conventional military will be stronger than nato 's by 2025 or something crazy , as well as posting `` ukrainian nazi '' photos that were taken in russian cities in 2012 . 
  russia 's economy is nowhere near the size of the collective eu 's , but its affecting agriculture and other industries in individual eu states . 
  but i really do want to visit x !, 
  russian officials [ tried to delete data about themselves ] ( https://newsland.com/community/4765/content/pochemu-rossiiskie-chinovniki-udaliaiut-informatsiiu-o-svoem-obraze-zhizni-iz-interneta/5930137 ) from the internet , but they forgot that archives and caches exist . 
  wow , yeah that 's crazy stuff . 
  child poverty was bad in the early 2000 's after the financial crisis , i remember hearing stories of homeless children in russia forced to live under bridges , etc. 
  things got better since then , but i 'm hoping uncivil behaviors of the elite wo n't lead to those conditions again . 
  if so , why was russia one of the highest receivers of us financial aid ? 
  i love when usa bans specific individuals/companies in its sanctions against russia , but russia retaliates by issuing an entire blanket ban on things ( adopting , wester food , etc ) then claim problems happened because of america ... 
  about 5 years ago russia banned americans from adopting russian children . 
  their reasoning was a russian kid that died in a hot car by his american foster family , but it was moreso in retaliation against the magnitsky act . 
  your conclusion forgets the 1993 power struggle and cronyism that occurred soon after . 
  even by the late yeltsin era russia started to once again go down a questionable path . 
  i do n't see how putting sanctions on individuals for human rights abuses is bad ? 
  hungary !, 
  i knew it !, 
  germany and turkey 's too . 
  ohh boy . 
  iraq 's is just random as heck, 
  she 's a liar liar , oohh , she 's a liar liar , you ca n't trust her , no no no no ~, 
  indeed . 
  in pretty much all other areas , pakistan poses questions . 
  the us considers pakistan a non-nato ally , giving more trust to it which pakistan could take advantage of , yet pakistan hid osama , and even the government was supposedly in on it . 
  plus pakistan actually has nuclear weapons and crazy islamists . 
  not sure honestly , that 's why i put it in quotes, 
  well , the baltics had to choose between supporting an `` attack group that attacked civilians '' and being under the forced rule of a gulag-happy stalin ... 
  i love this oath . 
  now if only someone could get the corrupted politicians in kremlin to recite it . 
  zhirinovsky is also a dangerous crackpot that makes this current leadership look like cuddly kittens . 
  i laughed because it definitely sounds like him . 
  i love turkey 's . 
  that triggers everyone else more than turkey itself, 
  i can confirm . 
  there 's sadly people there who would welcome the ussr with open arms , unlike lgbt, 
  did you get vaccinated then ? 
  patriarch kirill is crazy and definitely mainly liked by putin supporters and conservatives . 
  i 'm pretty sure he thinks both science and anglified russian is evil . 
  kirill states the best way to get rid of mental sickness is by an exorcism , and people who get sick are n't praying too often or not hard enough ... 
  it 's a shame . 
  he used to be a reformer too . 
  look , i do n't support violent protests , but to compare the anti-g20 ` ers with islamists who fill up a vest with bombs , nails and other things to kill as many people as possible , is absolutely absurd . 
  not just the woman getting blamed here , it takes two to tango , men help with that . 
  however , a ton of children may be an effect to something that 's also impeding development , and not necessarily the cause of it . 
  true , i have n't thought much about the geography , where the majority of the land is either desert or rainforest . 
  there 's definitely obstacles when it comes to the climate there , and yeah , groups as well , which is why peaceful transitions of power are n't too frequent, 
  very true , and i have no doubt that played a role also, 
  sounds real . 
  it 's the mentality that needs to be fixed , and for many , all the money in the world wo n't fix that . 
  israel and palestine are a great example . 
  both received massive us funds and assistance , but one turned into a free liberal democracy while the other hardly developed due to abusing the money .
