  so in that way as long as african countries are still being ruled by despots with no plans to do anything for anyone other than the elites , then moneys just being wasted . 
  africa 's problems come from dictatorships and mismanagement , and the tribal mentality does n't help with development either . 
  i hope wwiii does n't start because of lack of geographical and geopolitical knowledge ... 
  true , not sure how i forgot moldova !, 
  your president and your government are n't really on nice terms right now , and the fact that russia 's playing conquering by dividing , it 's not gon na be good if people play into it . 
  russia hardly has peaceful transitions of power , so i can see violence happening . 
  it really depends how united united russia remains because i do n't see them going anywhere any time soon . 
  they 're fearful because they know the situations in georgia and ukraine could 've happened to them also . 
  but i ca n't see russia invading or going to war with nato countries . 
  russia is underfunded and underequipped in conventional weapons compared to nato , and i can see actions taken against nato being a political suicide ( and let 's be honest , the suicide of the entire world due to mad ) . 
  if there 's any credit i give to putin ( and trust me that 's not much at all ) , it 's that stance , compared to batshit crazy politicians in the communist/ldpr ( and even some in united russia ) parties who cheer for straight-on soviet-era border restoration immediately as well as ( for many ) the total destruction of the west ( cue vladimir zhirinovsky & aleksandr dugin & many others ) . 
  it was originally for english-speaking tourists back when the internet was n't all that accessible and such is biased towards what they might want . 
  ca n't say i did n't see that coming . 
  english-language newspapers are n't terribly popular in russia ( though i 'm unaware of how english-speaking tourists reequent moscow these days compared to 4-5 years ago ) although english is one way to go around russia 's censors . 
  i 'm glad the webpage will still work , it 's a nice alternative view of russia and eastern europe . 
  great !, 
  i assume denmark also have problems with wolves attacking livestock ? 
  if so then , being important members of the ecosystem i do hope for an equilibrium between the wolves and the livestock . 
  it was probably haroon syed himself . 
  because that 's a sign of getting out of the grips of russia . 
  it was russian influence that got them using it originally , and in a sense getting rid of cyrillic is also getting rid of that influence, 
  and how much of that is actually being spent ? 
  if crimea now looks anything like it did in 2015 +2016 , then it 's screwed . 
  plus crimea 's received more tourists before occupation , especially from ukraine and the west , so handouts were n't needed as much . 
  now it 's primarily russians who do n't spend as much that visit . 
  yalta 's a fun little town . 
  i always liked crimea before the occupation , and despite the many russians , russian-speakers and tatars there , i think ukraine did a good job owning it , at least compared to the trashy management of today . 
  i have n't had any problems with it . 
  meanwhile ever since 2014 russians flocked to turkey instead of occupied crimea , trash is neglected , dead fish are left on the beaches , the land 's going through desertification because of the lack of water supply , while desalinization 's too expensive for russia and occupied crimea to really care about . 
  some nights crimeans eat candle-lit romantic dinners because the power cuts off , while others are lucky enough to hear the constant roars of generators just to have constant electricity . 
  promised pensions are n't being paid in full , while medvedev does n't give two shits about it . 
  all this on top of now-neglected roads and a costly bridge to russia that some engineers are saying may not show happy signs . 
  russia 's a huge country , just recovering from a recession , with several infrastructure issues on its own , and fighting costly wars . 
  it ca n't afford to bring crimea back to its previous condition , at least not easily , without some other random part of russia being completely cut off from funding . 
  you know it 's happening too , you do n't need to deny it . 
  despite being seemingly similar to georgia ( though they are n't ) , armenia 's also a good contender too in the pro-russian sphere ( and perhaps one of russia 's most reliable military partners ) due to history , as well as tensions with turkey and azerbaijan . 
  even those 2 have their tensions with russia , belarus more so with energy contracts that russia uses as political blackmail , and kazakhstan getting pressured by russia to keep the cyrillic script instead of transitioning to latin like kazakhstan wants to do . 
  despite those issues , the lack of : trust , democracy and shared values with the eu distances those 2 from the eu , so belarus and kazakhstan in the meantime will still be more with russia . 
  well , your sea moat kept the mexicans out !, 
  i ca n't imagine how his father felt about his son becoming a terrorist . 
  that 's like every parent 's # 1 nightmare . 
  not the wisest move for the eu to make , especially since it 's fuel for the pro-russian parties if vucic continues on the path he 's on . 
  serbia should take its time adopting european/western ideals to integrate with the eu rather than being dragged into it as quick as possible , if eu wants to have a positive future with serbia . 
  serbia could definitely be in the eu while keeping good relations with russia as bulgaria shows in a way , so i could see russia helping out , but perhaps maybe not as much ( or more along the lines of more dedicated ) with serbia 's current government ( i 'm honestly not sure on that one though ) . 
  what i see , the main issue for both sides come from the distinguishing between the eu and nato . 
  of course they 're different with different representatives to each , but many countries are in both , so in russia the eu came out to be `` almost '' as big of a boogeyman as nato has the past few years . 
  either way it 'll be interesting to see how things play out , and in the end it 's most important for the serbians themselves to choose their path . 
  indeed , and they 'll call it `` russophobia '' and a threat to russia 's sovereignty, 
  with events going on in georgia and ukraine over their choice of aligning more with the west , i ca n't say i 'm surprised with serbia , although i doubt serbia will get to the dislike levels of those two as unlike georgian/ukrainian nationalists , serbian nationalists still mostly love russia . 
  even in belarus , lukashenka acts anti-russia one day and completely pro-russia the next , and with rising tensions and trade disagreements with russia there , it 'll be interesting to see the position of belarus will be interesting . 
  when russia ( and heck , every country/organization , nato included ) respect the sovereignty of countries that are n't directly aggressive to them , then more countries will start to like them . 
  governmental intervention in family manners , yay ... 
  especially when the parents offered to pay for it and raised money . 
  sad when the temperature of my foyer during the summer is warmer than any heatwave iceland ever had . 
  not all russians support jailing gays ( and no , not in `` concentration camps '' like the media likes to say ) though unfortunately the majority does n't care about the overall wellbeing of gays , or if they do , they do n't do much about it . 
  lately it 's been the muslim-controlled areas of russia as well as rural areas that 's been taking things to a whole new level . 
  it 's still sad that treating people as humans come out to be a radical liberal extremist view in many parts of russia . 
  most russians i know that do n't live in russia or eastern europe at least have more empathy because they 're not a majority or a sizable minority wherever they are , as well as not much russian/orthodox influences present . 
  exactly, 
  the thing is who determines what hate speech is ? 
  those threatening terror in any way are one thing and should be banned , but anything else outside of that then anyone in any ideology could be censored . 
  it is differing opinion . 
  plus with laws like this , anything against pc culture could be snuck into the censor . 
  except for the fact that i 'm a russian citizen that actually lives in new zealand . 
  it can depending on how `` hate speech '' is defined . 
  two severe storms in around a month . 
  crazy times , but cool pictures, 
  in more ways than one, 
  while i do n't agree with him , is it bad to have criticism for a country ? 
  blind patriotism is not true patriotism . 
  ukraine has had a lot of brawls in its past , both before and after the revolution in 2014 . 
  they 're interesting to watch , not gon na lie . 
  a few even brought in bulletproof vests while maidan was going on, 
  have fun with censorship . 
  many people are too sensitive and ignorant of differing opinions these days . 
  just pointing out the whole hypocrisy of alarmists , climatologosts do n't take it to the same level of alarmism as politicians and the media does . 
  it 's a real issue that needs to get fixed but we also need to be more realistic in the views of it , 
  to my knowledge the test does n't happen , although openly gay military personnel face much harder times getting in due to restrictions on what 's tolerated, 
  truthfully i 'm not sure , this never existed in my experiences ( to my knowledge ) , but i moved out a few years before the `` gay propaganda '' law passed , so i 'm not sure if things changed or if specific doctors/psychologists/etc does this . 
  with all the heat waves , europe as a whole did n't celebrate pride month well enough apparently , although ironically moscow got hit by 2 major storms in a month 's time . 
  one thing about topics in environmentalism is how certain topics seem to clash against each other , and this article explains it very well . 
  as mentioned biofuels take up a lot of land ( although if we perfect gathering oil from algae we wo n't need near as much , and we can even use wastelands ) , although biofuels are considered a great alternative for climate-changing petroleum . 
  another thing is organic food , specifically plant products , which can take up more land than conventional food just to produce the same amount , with minimal extra benefits ( in most cases ) , yet is considered environmental-friendly . 
  moe examples of that exist , but there 's things that are easily fixed . 
  chickens use up much less land and produce much less ghg 's than cows do , so eating chicken instead of beef even one day a week really adds up . 
  i honestly do n't understand why people act this way against gay people . 
  shame against homosexuality i get from earlier times with lower life expectancies ( and other reasons ) and people 's mindsets still have n't changed for whatever reasons , but to take it out on people is just sick . 
  heat wave : it 's global warming !, 
  cold spell : lol temporary weather events do n't determine climate, 
  and unlike now , france actually helped the separatist side back then !, 
  those japanese conspiring with the government to cover the earth with jet chemtrails !, 
  yes , and tiny israel with its 8 million people also controls the entire world !, 
  censorship at its best , all in the name of pc ... 
  exactly , i 'm honestly tired of people who claim that any bad thing against russia is nothing but propaganda . 
  how is russia suppose to repair its faults with those attitudes ? 
  haha , yeah , i was confused lol , i am definitely familiar with that fedorov . 
  i 'm glad i was n't the only one who have n't heard of him much , then again its been 6-7 years since i last lived there . 
  edit : yes , yevgeny is an ass !, 
  thanks , i always hope for it too !, 
  i really do .
