  more freedoms are so well deserved . 
  sadly it will take awhile due to mentality . 
  putin is very respected in russia due to giving russia more military might after the 1990s embarrassments , as well as his charismatic tone , and most importantly to many russians , his government 's stable ( relative terms of course ) . 
  russia does n't have many peaceful transitions of power , even 1993 led to a lot of murders and violence , so putin 's regime provides relief in that way . 
  i do n't think russia wants to take yet another risk at this time even if it leads to something better , just due to the fact that russians fear over the possibility that tomorrow could be even worse than today , so it 'll definitely take time . 
   `` these are the people who have no love for our russia . 
  these are the people who have no desire to make it better . 
  these are the people who are always ready to criticize and protest , whether they have a reason or not , '' fedorov said , arguing that young people make up just a fifth of the recent anti-corruption protests . 
  he blamed the media for exaggerating the presence of youths in this movement . 
  ... are you shitting me ? 
  look , i have no doubt there are some who dislike russia as a whole , but the majority of opposition want to see change for the better , for prosperity . 
  they want it . 
  they want a less corrupt , more open economy , a more transparent government , less cronyism ... these are honest problems affecting russia , and a patriot brings those to attention to try to fix them , not brush it under the carpet and let leaders get away with it . 
  true , fair enough, 
  indeed , it does n't help at all , and it 'll make things tougher , but if things within their borders , managed well and anti-corruption reforms happen , it can still be successful , like west germany and south korea both been . 
  ukrainians should n't give up hope and shun progressing now . 
  treating russia like it 's an innocent loving country wo n't do either russia or ukraine good . 
  admitting mistakes on both sides and stopping ones happening is the best way forward . 
  russia has so much land , so much resources , we could 've used those to build a strong economy , but instead the `` resource curse '' infected it . 
  so much potential 's been lost because of carelessness and cronyism . 
  nemtsov was a true russian patriot who tried to liberalize and diversify the economy in the 1990s and realized the costs of wars in chechnya and the ee occupied territories were too much to handle . 
  the kremlin likes to toy with navalny and treat him as a dangerous element of the west in media , but i think nemtsov truly could 've damaged putin in some way or another due to his influence . 
  this has been stated very often . 
  ukraine has the resources to sustain economic growth ; legendary land , very dark , fertile soil , among other things . 
  the problem is management and corruption , it 's unfortunately rampant in much of ee . 
  from his 2015 press conference q&a : 17 december 2015 : `` we never said there were not people there who were carrying out certain tasks , including in the military sphere . 
  but that does not mean there are russian ( regular ) troops there , feel the difference . '' this could mean there 's trainers from russia helping the republics , and not the full-on russian military as stated . 
  or it could be a circular statement in itself . 
  so , technically it 's not a full-on admittance , but the way he answered is sorta vague and it honestly can go either way . 
  however his position then has changed from [ what it was in april 2014 , ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=stra6-a68dm ) which means there may be more to the story . 
  17 april 2014 : `` this is nonsense . 
  there are no russian armed forces anywhere in the east of ukraine . 
  there are neither special forces nor instructors . 
  all these people are local citizens . '', 
   so - who would profit more bout this cyberattack ? 
  russia does n't benefit from getting into a war with nato . 
  nato does n't benefit from getting into war with russia . 
  no one benefits , although global warming would be wiped out with our resulting nuclear winter ... 
  nato countries made the basic commitment of spending 2 % gdp ( and if i recall it used to be 3 % back in the earlier days ) . 
  fulfilling that commitment not only makes you more reliable when invoking article 5 , but you rely less on america paying for you , and american dependence does n't seem the very popular topic these days . 
  russia 's also considering a ban on foreign-based russian-language media outlets unless they register as a foreign agent . 
  the kremlin 's denying it , so more likely than not it 's probably gon na happen . 
  honestly ca n't say i 'm surprised about this . 
  ukraine 's energy grid was attacked at the end of 2015 , and this attack came at the same time of the kiev car bombing . 
  if this was indeed from russia , then that backfired . 
  massively . 
  ~ 25-30 % of reported cases earlier were in russia . 
  reminds me of when the soviets strapped bombs to anti-tank dogs during wwii and trained the dogs to run at tanks , but unfortunately since they were only trained on soviet tanks , the dogs came back , bomb and all . 
  even putin admits there 's russian troops in ukraine , although he says they are n't doing anything . 
  not sure why people still deny it . 
  lol . 
  hypocrisy , exactly what i 'm talking about . 
  you 're using hitleresque logic there . 
  you just mentioned putin 's interference in ukraine , the same exact thing you accuse the us of doing in syria ? 
  look , i 'm against hypocrisy in general . 
  usa has a ton of it , but guess what ? 
  so does putin . 
  thinking of him as the saviour of the world is only playing a fool of yourself . 
  where in my message did i mention putin or russia ? 
  same with now , with russia and ukraine suffering it the worst . 
  i believe it 's ~ 80-85 % of the systems affected are in those 2 countries as of yesterday anyway . 
  they may not be as technologically dependent but whatever technology they have is years or decades old . 
  yanukovych went open season on protesters and rioters ... whether you call maidan protesters anything from patriotic freedom-fighters to full blown nazis , to get the police and omoh wannabes to kill on sight ? 
  both sides are supposed to . 
  it 's easy to blame russia though because russia 's controlling land in ukraine 's int ' l borders . 
  sad days when people protecting borders are compared to hitler , who ironically changed germany 's border constantly . 
  glad to hear , but action being taken will be a louder spoken volume . 
  it 's one thing to have people who love europe , really want to be there , take the legal steps and get assembled in ( those are mostly fine in my opinion as long as they do n't pretend to be refugees or anything ) , but when people arrive in mass numbers , fail to get settled in and act like they 're back home , problems will arise . 
  hostility 's shown , but i guess enemy can be relative . 
  media usually does n't go all out and threaten to go to war and bomb the west , etc , although it is a hostile environment , especially depending on the media outlet . 
  that evil telegram , trying to take over every inch of russia like that terrible evil linkedin !, 
  unfortunately the imperialist and militaristic ideas of 2017 still are pretty much the same as it was in the baltic occupation in 1940, 
  correct . 
  i think the invasions come down to this . 
  russia still wanted to have a larger influence in the former soviet union . 
  the stan countries were pretty much all dictatorships so they did n't mind . 
  belarus got extremely close , armenia joined in , and of course the baltics fled as quick as they could to europe . 
  that left ukraine , moldova , georgia and azerbaijan ( guam countries ) who could 've been swayed in either direction . 
  definitely not a coincidence that 3 of those countries now have fake republics in them , especially when those 3 chose to go on a european path . 
  and yes , success in ukraine and georgia is frightful for russia , especially since ukraine also had a large influence in the ussr . 
  he 's definitely powerful due to his influence as well as political power he has in russia . 
  he 's very charismatic also , and that 's one thing people like about him . 
  the power of his influence is honestly scary to think about . 
  rossiya 1 is famous for blaming the international community , and while there can be elements of truth to it , and bias on either side can affect it , it 's solely the int ' l community on certain topics [ here is one such example ] ( https://youtube.com/watch?v=9kvkoyuvhgu ) as well [ as another ] ( http://www.interfax.ru/russia/505091 ) and i agree , i do n't follow the media much , preferring the internet myself , mainly because i have doubts about the tv news, 
  maybe enemy is too harsh a word . 
  definitely rivals , untrusting , etc. 
  and maybe not from putin himself , but there 's the psychos in both ldpr ( i 'm thankful zhirinovsky is n't president ) and the communists who would n't mind a war with the usa for whatever reason ( asif that even benefits anyone ) although there 's definitely wackos on the us side also . 
  what i did mean by `` enemy '' is the blame on the west for russia 's domestic issues , while russia 's completely innocent , and although sanctions have effects , so does the countersanctions the government did against the west . 
  definitely !, 
  dimon 's mansions and yachts come first !, 
  that 's true especially since the lease was gon na expire in 2017 at that time before it got renewed to 2042 . 
  however was it worth all the money russia lost to not take the diplomatic path and instead do a full on invasion ? 
  russia was n't at war with ukraine at that point , so just in my opinion invasion was an extreme action . 
  the black sea fleet was pretty much under russian control as it was . 
  it 'd be idiotic if ukraine or nato attacked it or in other ways cut russia from it . 
  a full on invasion there was n't needed . 
  they certainly made a ton of progress throughout the years . 
  honestly i understand that crimea has a high ethnic russian population that want to be in russia , but why do n't russia just grant them citizenship ? 
  russia can grant them citizens if they wish just like israel does with those born to jewish mothers , instead of breaking both international laws and russia 's own constitution ( though sadly a near worthless piece of paper these days ) by annexing it . 
  russia has enough issues of its own with all the land we have .
