  in this particular thread i was answering the question of `` how to be critical of multiculturalist models for societies without being called a racist '' . 
  so that 's where i said it 's important to treat all cultures as equal . 
  of course , one can personally think that one culture is less equipped to deal with a certain phenomenon . 
  one can even think that a culture is in fact inferior . 
  but , if you do n't want to be ( called ) a bigot , you do n't say or write or imply these things when talking about the less than positive sides of multiculturalism . 
  i was n't giving my opinion on ` how to successfully deal with multiple cultures that co-exist within a geographically defined region ' , which is also very interesting . 
  i 'd like to try my hand answering that question too , some time , but i 'd rather keep this thread on-topic . 
  well , in that case , maybe i can link to a comment i made a while back : it explains my ( intuitive ) view of morality and moral relativism . 
  it 's outside the scope of this thread , but maybe i make myself clearer . 
  i 'm sorry , but i ca n't explain that to you in a reddit comment . 
  i 'm not knowledgeable enough to give you a full overview . 
  however , the wikipedia article is n't bad . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/morality i have the idea , by the way , that both your comment and the one i responded to above , are ` leading questions ' ( i.e. , meant to manoeuver me into a position where we do n't argue as equals , but you ask and i am supposed to ` defend ' my ideas ) . 
  i prefer to have you state outright which part of my explanation you disagree with , or have questions about . 
  that way of ` arguing ' asks an equal investment of us both and does n't put me in a position to put in all the work while the asker of the questions gets to be ` intellectually lazy ' and just latch on to a single detail , ignoring the larger principle behind my answer . 
  it means that since humans all have a certain cultural background we all tend to judge other cultures from said cultural background . 
  i think that is an all-around bad idea , because this leads to a distorted view of a culture . 
  let 's use an oversimplified analogy : my daily food is sauerkraut . 
  your daily food is bananas . 
  we both taste a grapefruit . 
  i say the grapefruit is disgustingly sweet , you say the grapefruit is acidic and bitter . 
  next thing you know , we 're setting cars on fire because you think i am a filthy grapefruit pusher and i think you 're a disrespectful asshole unwilling to try anything outside your comfort zone . 
  now , we can objectively establish the amount of sugar in a grapefruit and rank it according to sweetness ( and health benefit ) . 
  however , we can not objectively measure the amount of ` good ' ( or ` bad ' ) within a culture . 
  when judging cultures or systems in which multiple cultures are present , we need to remember that and realize that while another culture ( or another system ) may seem ` bad ' to us , it may only appear so because of what we 're used to . 
  cultures can not be compared the way you compare other things and comparing a strange culture to your own ( which is a lot of what ` multiculturalism-discussions ' do ) the strange one will almost always come out oversimplified and exaggerated ( because you notice the differences more than the things you have in common ) and also as ` worse ' , because for many humans ` different ' ( or ` other , as feminism has it ) is always worse than ` normal ' or ` mine ' . 
  in short : i am a cultural and moral relativist and base my ideas on culture-based discussions on those principles . 
  i would say it is possible to talk critically about multiculturalism , presuming that multiculturalism is properly defined , which is hard . 
  however , ` critically ' and ` negatively ' are not the same thing . 
  if you were to come up with an impersonal analysis of multicultural models that , for some reason or other , function measurably worse than cultural homogenous models , i do n't think you 'd be called a racist . 
  however , if you pass a negative personal judgment on particular aspects of a ( possibly ) multicultural society and these negative judgments have their base in a personal preference for certain cultural expression , i think people are right to label such a thing etnocentrism or ( if this is at all racially / ethnically motivated ) racist . 
  i realize that it is hard to look past your own cultural surroundings when judging culture , but it 's really the only way to make sure everybody 's cultures are treated as equal . 
  i object to your implied statement that `` our cultural heritage '' holds racism , rudeness and intolerance of anything not entirely homogenous as a standard . 
  _ my _ cultural heritage holds cultural and religious tolerance and i 'll be damned if some scaredycats get to destroy it so that they can continue living without ever questioning their assumptions . 
  besides , with that attitude of yours , you may n\u00e9\u00e9d your parents to intercede on your behalf . 
  i do n't see anyone remotely sane committing to that without some serious negotiating . 
  oops . 
  well . . 
  guess we better get rid of democracy then , if you do n't like the outcomes . . 
  as has been argued elsewhere in this thread , arranged marriages and forced marriages are not the same and it 's only consensual arranges marriages that are under debate in the article , not forced ones . 
  if this was unclear to you , i 'm glad it is no longer . 
  anyway . 
  i think i can only really believe in individual freedom if i do n't force anyone to have the same amount of freedom that i want . 
  forcing someone to find their own partner when they would like their parents to ( help them ) do so , is equally bad as forcing someone to marry someone they do n't want . 
  i trust my parents about 100 times more than i 'd trust any random company , but maybe that 's me . 
  anyway . 
  we 're arguing consensual marriages here , so the whole scenario in which i would n't have a say in the matter is n't under deliberation, 
   sadly , this is mostly not the case . 
  wat do you base that statement on ? 
  do you have access to data that you 're not sharing ? 
  the only case i know of , is a friend of mine . 
  he 's 30 , and is an iraqi refugee with a dutch passport . 
  he 's a devout muslim , but also a metalhead and a pretty modern dude . 
  really wants to start a family and be a dad . 
  when he dates in his social circle , he finds no girls who respect his faith or can really live his wish to marry soon and have babies . 
  if he goes to the mosque , he ca n't find anyone who meets his preferences for music and travel and other more western preferences in life . 
  eventually he asked his parents for suggestions . 
  they ( and older brothers and sisters ) have a network much wider than his and can talk to people who have daughters who have the same conundrum as he has . 
  i really do n't see what the big deal is and why it would be bad thing to find a partner like that . 
  its almost as if you ca n't believe your parents would want ( and have a decent idea about what is ) the best for you . 
  deferring and sharing are not the same things . 
  also , two ( or three , or four ) know more than one . 
  if i ask my dad ( who does n't work in real estate ) to come help me look at apartments with me , do i defer responsibility , or do i share it ? 
  do i think i 'm incompetent ? 
  no , but i realize that someone else may see something i did n't see . 
  i 'll live in the apartment . 
  i get the mortgage . 
  i pay for it . 
  but i sure as hell asked my folks to counsel me and help me decide . 
  when they told me `` do n't bid for this one '' it was good advice . 
  i do n't see what 's so different between my house and my lover , in this case . 
  i preferred my parents to have a good opinion on what i chose , so i involved them in the process and everybody thought it was normal . 
  yet , f i were to do the same thing for a life partner ( a lot bigger deal than an apartment ) suddenly it would be weird and backwards ? 
  first i would say ` both ' and then i would ask ` are they really that different ? ', 
  is n't it beneficial to the happiness of the individual that their partner is loved and accepted by the whole family ? 
  is n't it nice for the partner to know that the parents of his / her spouse are in favour of them being together ? 
  the amount of grief caused when someone ( in a western culture ) marries someone that their parents do not approve of , is tremendous . 
  people sometimes lose contact with their parents and siblings over a choice in partner ( and sometimes , that family is right and the partner is a bad , bad fit ) . 
  children end up with no grandparents , that kind of stuff . 
  let 's be clear , i have no experience with arranged marriage myself , but i can sort of wrap my mind about the idea that if the parents and the ( adult ) child work together to find a suitable partner , it increases the support network for the ( adult ) child , which is important to one 's happiness . 
  it 's because within certain groups of people , ` freedom ' is an important value , but equally important to ` honoring my family ' and ` following a tradition in my culture ' and ` loyalty to my parents ' . 
  arranged marriages ask more of your faith in your parents and less of your faith in you , but you still end up with a partner who was selected with your best interest at heart . 
  this is something that is hard for anyone ( even me ) who grew up in a western culture to understand . 
  we have freedom ranked squarely at the top of all lists of values . 
  in many other places , it is ranked in a shared first , or even in second place . 
  it 's just another person who suffers from black-and-white thinking and has not yet grasped that people can hold nuanced views on something as monstrously large and diverse as the entire ( culture of the ) united states . 
  if he 's smart , he 'll grow out of it . 
  i find high taxes no more than fair , seeing how much i receive in return and how much help people get when they 're worse off than i am . 
  mind you , not everyone pays the highest rate . 
  if i 'm not mistaken we have three tiers : ( basic tax-exemt sum ) , 33 % , 42 % , 52 % . 
  there is not a single dutch flag waving in this thread yet . 
  can i be flagbearer ? 
  thanks in advance !, 
  people trying to make grammar prescriptive instead of descriptive have always been around ( or well , at least they came into being immediately after the first descriptive grammar was developed ) . 
  there is also definitely something to be said for neologisms and creativity with language . 
  sometimes mistakes can even lead to lovely almost-literary expressions . 
  still , if we have a shakespeare in our midst , we can only tell in hindsight . 
  i 'm curious to see how long lolcat-slang will be around , for instance , and - if it sticks - how long it takes for grammarians to accept ' i can haz ' as a linguistically correct expression . 
  the problem with the arising of a new shakespeare is that of access . 
  people have access to so much more information and entertainment that the chance of someone ever having the same amount of pull ( in one language area ) ever again , is rather small , i think .
