most of the things i mentioned will be available at the bakery section of your local albert heijn , although many bakeries will likely have at least some of the things i mentioned . 
  you may have to refer to a ` worstenbroodje ' as a ` sauzijnenbroodje ' though  if you enter a ` banketbakkerij ' you may be out of luck - those tend to focus on sweets and often sell chocolates / sweets and cookies alongside cake and sweet pastry . 
  try a ` bakkerij bart ' - i 'm sure they can help you out and i 'm quite sure they have those in limboland . 
  right ?!, 
  i just moved out of the netherlands , where i was close to the average height ( 5 ' 8 ) . 
  now i often feel like i 'm in gulliver 's travels . . 
  i 'm a sucker for all good hard cheeses including italian ones , but i tend to find the dutch ones more versatile . 
  parmesan on a sandwich just does ' t do it for me , while some fresh grated old amsterdam or ` over aged ' gouda performs magnificently on a plate of pasta . 
  the us has lots of starbucks , but that 's only marginally related to consuming coffee . 
  it 's more a sort of eh . . explosion of soy/skim/goat milk and sugary syrups with some hard-to-detect espresso thrown in if you 're lucky . 
  getting actual good drip - or french press coffee is still hard to find ( although it 's getting better : see stumptown ) . 
  it 's by no means reliable . 
  the quality of a good keurig espresso or even just a simple home made drip coffee from nl does not compare to what you 'll find in your average us cafe / diner . 
   the dutch love their sweet pastries . 
  you can barely find any salty pastry at all . 
  not to mention kipsate-broodjes , kaascroissants & hamkaascroissants , pizzabroodjes . . have you tried ` old amsterdam ' kaasenveloppen ? 
  you should !, 
  now i really want a kaasbroodje . . 
  it helps to show anyone appreciation for the work they do . 
  if only because saying ` werk ze ' ( an informal thing that means as much as ` good luck with work ' ) makes people feel better , which makes them more pleasant . 
  the idea that money should be all you get out of work is a view that i think is a little poor on the other things that matter in life , like a sense of community and belonging , a sense of self-worth and the idea that what one does , matters . 
  like i said - it probably depends a lot on where you stay . 
  i 'm sure there are very xenophobic communities in the netherlands . 
  then again , there are also plenty of communities where more nationalities lead to more merriment . 
  i 'm married to a ` buitenlander ' and we hang out with a pretty international crowd . 
  i know that some of our friends have faced discrimination here , which makes me sad . 
  still , none of them have ever expressed that they felt the entire country was unwelcoming to them , or that they felt they should leave because of a lack of tolerance . 
  i think that almost every country has its underbelly of xenophobia and racism . 
  in some , it 's more noticeable than in others , and i do think people notice a ` foreign ' flavor of xenophobia more than they do their own . 
  all in all . . 
  i 'm not discounting what your friends have said and experienced , but i 'm hoping you wo n't take it as the only truth about living in the netherlands . 
  well ... they did sign the declaration of human rights , so they 're sort of supposed to keep to the rights listed there . 
  international treaties , once ratified , supersede national law , even if they can only be enforced indirectly and shakily . 
  i would say that people getting older and older , but still retiring early puts a lot more pressure on the system of social security than immigrants do , especially if you factor in that certain immigrant groups have larger average families . 
  since we see that later generations of immigrant children are steadily increasing their performance in schools , it is likely that they 'll prove to be a net gain for our economy in the future i think we need to prepare nl for a society in which we will need immigrants and the labor they bring , to prevent the economy from losing steam due to mass retirement and an unwilingness to give up benefits , even if it is needed to make our system affordable . 
  this also means overhauling the immigration system and the way in which we try to integrate people in our society , but i do n't think that putting the breaks on immigration any more than we already have , is the solution that we need . 
  now i 'm a dutchie and most of my immigrant / expat friends would ( as far as they tell me , at least ) disagree with you . 
  i think it depends on where you are . 
  it seems likely that some communities will be a lot more welcoming to immigrants than others . 
  i 'm sad that you think your personal experiences can speak for all immigrants and all dutchies . 
  i have not been able to find anything about that in the dutch news media , so far . 
  if i had to speculate i would say that it was because the ind did not think his life or his human rights were in danger , or because they felt there was no proof that the cause for the danger that he may be in , was because of his political activism . 
  it could have also been a problem of stupid bureaucracies being stupid , of course . 
  the ind is notoriously uhm . . inconsistent . 
  based on what i read so far , i think the ind fucked up . 
  however , mr dolmatov was awaiting an appeal regarding the decision - so it was not entirely sure that he would not have been granted asylum . 
  it goes per household , but it 's interesting to note that the big cities with the highest demand for housing usually impose additional rules . 
  amsterdam , for instance , also looks at household size , and limits house size based on number of occupants . 
  so , a household of four earning e 33.000 will be able to rent a larger apartment than a household of 2 earning the same amount . 
  i believe that household size also determines the max . 
  amount of subsidy one gets - the max is likely lower for a single person ( renting a smaller apt ) than for a large family ( which needs more space ) . 
  back when i looked at a rental in amsterdam , i was single and limited in size to about 59m2 ( roughly 600 sq ft ) . 
  in rotterdam , i believe , they do n't look at surface area , but at number of rooms , where the max . 
  number of rooms is either equal to the number of household members , or exceeds it by one . 
  why ? 
  they wanted to run a business - this comes with risk . 
  if you ca n't handle the risk of legislation for the benefit of humanity impacting your business , go work for someone else . 
  how can you understand something if it ; s been kept a secret ? 
  as far as i can tell , people who are fine with ttip are people who do not mind signing over the welfare of humanity to corporate interests , which i am really not convinced is a good thing . 
  i certainly do n't share your experiences . 
  discussing multiculturalism as a form for contemporary society is not something that is addressed in school curricula before the topic of critical thinking is very thoroughly addressed . 
  maybe that 's limited to my country , but it does n't come into play before mid-highschool at the very earliest , at which point students have had extensive training in understanding the written word , catching hidden messages in text , reading the author 's intent and figuring out how arguments are structured and how to use that to have discussions in class . 
  disagreeing with the teacher is fine , as long as you do so respectfully and in an appropriate context . 
  also , class participation and group discussions are a daily part of educational practice , here . 
  the role of having group discussions only grows as students age . 
  with regards to `` having never see a nationalist teacher '' - i have . 
  plenty , even . 
  now , i work in an education-related field and frequently discuss the use of educational material with classroom professionals , so it 's possible i am simply exposed to more teachers than you , but still . 
  it 's also possible that teachers , out of a wish for political neutrality in the classroom , have kept their opinions to themselves ( frequently a wise choice and certainly one recommended as official policy to teachers who touch on inflammatory subjects in their classes ) , which you interpreted as them having a different opinion than they really had . 
  with regards to whether or not the previous poster was attacking me personally : he or she stated accusatory things about certain groups of people . 
  i am , however , a part of ( some of ) those groups . 
  hence , the accusations apply to me as well . 
  somebody sauy : ` everybody who likes apple sauce has a pointy chin . . ' if i happen to like apple sauce , it makes sense i feel that this statement applies to me , yes ? 
  hence my commentary to not judge those who like apple sauce ( or multiculturalism ) as a group . 
  people may have completely different reasons for an opinion , even if it is the same opinion as someone else . 
  i am done trying to have conversation with you . 
  we 're not getting anywhere and i do n't feel like putting in any more work . 
  well , so far i think i 've been respectful in my discussion with you . 
  on the other hand , from you i 've heard that i 'm supposedly ` brainwashed ' , that i am ` unable to accept different opinions ' and that i ` stone people ' for disagreeing with me . 
  telling me these things makes it impossible to have a conversation with you . 
  you victimize yourself when you 're disagreed with and at the same time accuse the people who disagree with you of things that imply they do not need to be taken seriously . 
  when more disagreement follows with regards to your response , you repeat yourself . 
  at some point , yes , someone will start to ` stone ' you . 
  it is the only option in response to being told `` you disagree with me , therefore you must be stupid '' . 
  on the other hand , i 've not yet seen anyone referred to as racist as a direct response to only disagreeing with someone ( although i have seen it when people dressed up etnocentrism and racial prejudice as criticism of multiculturalism ) . 
  edit : i accidentally a word . 
  if your question was n't intended as ` leading ' , i had the wrong idea . 
  i was n't sure if it was intended as such , which is why i typed out an answer to you which was supposed to clarify what i meant . 
  when i got a one-line response from another user asking about a detail of my next answer , i stated my preferences of form for having a discussion with people on the internet and my suspicion of the nature of the question . 
  when red-rover came back explaining the point of their question , i tried to give them information , as i did with you . 
  or at least i hope you thought i answered your question in earnest , even if i doubted its rhetorical intent . 
  ` yes , if . . ' and ` yes , but . . ' do not , in fact , equal ` no ' . 
  it 's tempting to put it that way of course but that removes a nuance from the discussion that we need if we want to be able to have this debate at all . 
  i think it 's interesting that you 'd say that people who are not critical of multiculturalism are ` brainwashed ' . 
  it implies you believe that they can not hold that opinion on a well-informed basis of thought and reason . 
  that idea , in turn , implies a fundamental lack of respect for people who disagree with you ( `` if you do n't agree with me , you must be brainwashed '' ) , yet you complained of getting ` stoned ' for touting critical viewpoints . 
  by putting the argument that way , you 're creating a catch-22 . 
  either people accept whatever you say without nuance or criticism , or they 're stupid victims of brainwashing . 
  well , the people you 've just implicitly accused of gullibility and lack of reasoning skills will now try twice as hard to push their ideas on you ( with a bit of aggression added in because you insulted them ) . 
  if you care about dialogue at all , it really is important to realize that people can have different ideas without being stupid or incapable .
