  from the look of it everyone gets along well , you can see indians with chinese , malays with chinese , europeans with indians etc etc. 
  i asked the people there about racial tension and all that , according to them , the race card is used by politicians during election times to get vote and all that . 
  also , you ca n't work in a gov office unless you are a malay . 
  whole economy going to hell ? . 
  ah sure have a pint , it 'll be grand !, 
   i think . 
  you are right !, 
  ahh i see , thanks for clearing that up . 
   xenophobia regarding doing business with foreigners than anything else i 've seen . 
  you mean partnering with non-finnish companies ? 
  or working with foreigners ? . 
  an eye for an eye makes the whole world blind . 
  both these groups are full of idiots ! . 
  we should send crystal swing . . you know , see how that goes !, 
  `` video not available in your country '' for fuck sake !!, 
  from the ashes of pussy riot , comes a new band , pussy sausage !!, 
  afaik in finland if you need to get a job you need to have a good understanding of the finnish language . 
  the one area where there is a small exception is it related fields , majority of the foreigners there are working as software engineers . 
  [ here is another one as well ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9nnzv5dkawm ), 
  i love finnish , it sounds so fucking beautiful !, 
  i love listening to finnish songs as well , my finnish friend think i 'm weird for liking finnish . . 
  back in 2006/2007 there were some negative attitudes against the polish people . 
  nothing too bad , just the usual damn poles stealing our jobs , blah blah blah . 
  but now i have n't heard anything negative about them for a long time . 
  i 've worked with plenty of them , great bunch of lads and ladies . 
  ah that video never gets old !, 
  i remember our local hackerspace sending easter eggs to a club in us , the guy who opened it referred to it as `` dinosaur eggs '' ... 
  milk/cream + sugar ? . 
  i like it without adding anything , but milk + sugar makes it more yummier !, 
  i love livers , be it chicken or beef . 
  have n't tried lamp though , so i have to try this ! . 
   dark/black stuff ? 
  [ he 's norwegian , they are into that kinda stuff ] ( http://imgur.com/k5d0gxw ), 
  yes , it does and i fucking love that thing ! . 
  i tasted it when i was in finland , my gf was 100 % sure i 'd hate it , no i fucking love it and i 'm craving it !, 
  ah , i know lads who get extra drunk or eat more meat because it 's good friday . 
  i 've seen more than 20 fb statuses about getting drunk and eating meat today ! . 
  and very effective ! . 
  probably explains why they have n't gotten anywhere . . 
  til ... 
  my girlfriend is finnish ... 
  i 'm screwed then ? ... 
  so . . avoid drunk people and you 'll be safe ? . 
  i watched a documentary about russia and it 's neo nazis , i was surprised by the level of support they get from gov. 
  they also like to beat up international student on the week of hitlers b'day !, 
  new wallpaper !, 
  i 'll tell ya what does n't describe us well , ps i love you . 
  sick and tired of american women going `` omg you are from ireland ? . 
  i love ps i love you '' & # 3232 ; _ & # 3232 ; for fuck sake !, 
  been out of the country for the last 2 weeks , back this thursday . 
  how bad is it ? . 
  i would n't ... it 's not worth it man !, 
  let me try !!, 
   where the white woman at ? 
  yeah bro , i 'm in the same boat ! . 
  i 'm irish-indian or brownish . . 
  i 'm fucked if i go to heaven !, 
  ahh man , i was there once , saw a hardcore christian guy saying he believes there is segregation in heaven !! . 
  blacks and whites are kept in different heaven , it says so in the bible ... 
  it 's cute when they try to use their brain . . 
  you are not wrong / r/stormfront, 
  also cultural appropriation ... he ca n't own them unless he 's from africa !!!!, 
  is of relevant naow !, 
  yeah , i remember the negative attitude towards poles . 
  i think most of it is gone now , i do n't remember it being a major issue . 
  the old folks ( most of them ) are ok with the immigrants , with the exception of few who bicker about them . 
  in general all is well !, 
  i love orchid !, 
  or start by stop selling acid ... 
  some of my close friends are finnish , my gf is finnish , they are not anti-social , they are some of the loveliest people i have met ! . 
  they like their space and i sure as hell do n't want anyone yelling on a public transport !, 
  that 's just fucking rude ! . 
  where in dublin are you ? . 
  we say hello to the drivers in galway , no matter how crowded the bus is and if you are a regular , some drivers might honk at ya , when they see you on the road ! . 
   90 $ fuck , in galway the student monthly is like $ 53 or something , that gives you unlimited travel on the bus for a month ! . 
   you can basically forget much of your speech ability in finland i 'm counting on my gf to just duct tape my mouth . 
  i do like your quiet life though ! . 
  you are all a sound bunch of lads !, 
  as a fellow irish whos going to finland soon , i 'm gon na have a hard time not sayin `` howya ? '', 
  to people walking by !, 
  would you like to wear this fedora and accept sagan as your lord and saviour , m'lady ? 
  i think it 's more of a norwegian thing ... [ burning things ] ( http://tyrannyoftradition.files.wordpress.com/2012/02/photo19.jpg ), 
  sounds reasonable , it 's like taking it away from a kid xd `` no no no you ca n't use that , it 's bad !! . 
  you 'll get it when you are a big boy ! '', 
  i prefer the [ old joulupukki ] ( http://24.media.tumblr.com/9203dc96006d9f86c663a88e698e0bbe/tumblr_mfh5vsnq8b1r4ypfeo1_1280.jpg ) and [ this one ] ( http://plaza.fi/s/f/editor/images/rareexports292929.jpg ), 
  jaysus , that women is a nut job and a disgrace . 
  ok , i see what you are trying to do ! . 
  you are really bad at trolling ! . 
   that same pressure to study does n't exist in scandinavia . 
  i 've studied in asian schools until i was 14 years old , there were positives and negatives . 
  for eg : one of the good things was introduction to programming from a young age , i started coding when i was 7 years old , wide range of extra curricular activities so on and so forth . 
  on the other hand it put lots of pressure on student , from grade 1 it 's a competition to see who 's the best , kids do n't need that kind of pressure . 
  i 've seen students passing out in exam hall because of stress . 
  suicides due to bad grades , running away from homes due to bad grades . 
  for 12 years these students are under heavy stress , most wo n't make it through , other drop down to an easier syllabus . 
  students are ranked according to their performance , there is a constant fight to be the best . 
  to be honest i would n't recommend it at all and i absolutely hated it ! . 
  i finished my secondary school in ireland , it was a lot more relaxed than when i was back in india . 
  when i came to ireland i had the upper hand . 
  i.e the stuff that they taught in 8th grade ( ireland ) i learned them when i was in 5th grade ( india ) i think the scandinavians have a great system .
