  what have they , their parents , their parent 's parents contributed to the developed countries ? 
  the oxford dictionary definition of criminal : anybody who commits a crime , which is an act or omission which constitutes an offence and is punishable by law . 
  illegal immigrants broke immigration laws , therefore criminals . 
  but if the connotation of being a criminal of violent or other crimes can be applied to illegal immigrants is another story . 
  maybe after a few shots and couple of joints ? 
  there are some many questions to ponder ... who really build the pyramid ? 
  are we really descent of aliens ? 
  that `` american asswipe '' is elliot rodger . 
  it is unfortunately that we can have conversations about mental illness during the short window of extreme tragedy , but not before or after . 
  then business as usual ... 
  i gave you an upvote . 
  but at the same time , i do have a question : would you feel sad for this guy ( or even heard of this guy ) if he just killed himself instead of this rampage ? 
  try hard ... 
  its actually pretty good . 
  i hope the german government can put more resource in addressing bullying in the minority districts and mental health problems after this shooting . 
  the nationality of the shooter is a red herring . 
  the real solution is to prevent another shooting like this happening again , as it is tragedy for both victims ' and shooter 's families . 
  what i meant is that a crazy person in possession of a weapon can shoot up in a public place in any corner of the world . 
  well , we agree to disagree . 
  the night is dark and full of terrors . 
  it happens everywhere ... 
  why such pessimism ? 
  the moment europe abandons its lofty ideals or militarized itself against migrants is the moment europe not worth living in . 
  i have faith that everything will be sorted out in the end . 
  can we just stop bullying people and accept whoever anybody claims to be ? 
  i know it is easier said than done , but it is hell of a lot better than pointing fingers and calling names . 
  the only things i know are that he insisted he was a german ; he was born in germany ; he spoke perfect standard german ; he spent all his life in germany and probably educated in germany ; he was a german citizen ( dual in fact ) . 
  i am not sure how you can claim that he is not a german besides committing this heinous act . 
  because i only work temporarily in germany and have no interest in becoming a german ... 
  that may be the cause of his mental problems ... he is a german yet people treated him as a foreigner . 
  he is a german with mental problems . 
  so basically most of the civilized world ? 
  or aliens/asteroids, 
  do n't feed him ideas ... / j, 
  well a different point of view : * a kilo is a little more than 2 pounds . 
  * a liter is a little more than 2 pints . 
  * a meter is a little more than 1 yard . 
  * a kilometer is a lot less than 1 mile . 
  the real trick is to convince the banks to lend you so much money that everybody has to bail you out  / s, 
  i agree that eu is an important institution and hope that it wo n't fall apart because of one country 's stupidity . 
  but i disagree that europe has been handling this crisis well . 
  i think that countries should calm down and get organized ( mostly uk ) . 
  so that they can divorce in an amicable and reasonable manner . 
  of course , it should be done as soon as possible . 
  but setting a specific deadline during the chaos now is just counterproductive . 
  it was sarcasm ... 
  when i spoke about the european spirit , i did n't use any negative connotations . 
  hey you started stereotyping ... im just playing your game . 
  well , you know all too well a country without functional government ... 
  this is reason the negotiation should n't happen at the moment ... so emotional ... 
  it is clear that there will be economical consequences . 
  recession in europe will drag down the global economies , just like the greek crisis did . 
  with that said , the reality is that uk is in a mess right now and needs to sort things out because put an unified front to discuss separation in an objective manner . 
  it is probably to the benefit of everybody that this process goes smoothly and reasonably . 
  i am willing to give uk benefit of doubt that they will proceed accordingly when they figured out wtf they just did to themselves . 
  stupidity of uk voters are dragging down the markets across the globe , not just europe . 
  but do you think antagonizing the whole country is a good idea now ? 
  uk will need to be stabilized with a new government with a new direction . 
  pressure from eu is not going to change that , just making the situation much worse than it has to be . 
  well , uk needs to form a government after cameron 's resignation so that they can negotiate in a good faith . 
  alright , by all means , kick them when they are down ( regardless if it is self-inflicted ) . 
  they can go out amicably or they can drag it on . 
  i just do n't think it is going to be as easy as you make it to be . 
  also , it is not europe can just kick uk out of the house and do n't have to deal with them any more . 
  wow way to simplify the situation ... good job . 
  if you have n't noticed , the uk government is falling apart . 
  because eu is treating uk as a whole ... uk already has a big problem -- their majority voters are idiots . 
  everybody ? 
  including the over 16 million people who voted to stay ? 
  instead of looking at what 's broken in uk , eu leaders treat them like scum . 
  a true european spirit !, 
  love it ... 
  an integrated society = / = a homogenous society . 
  american culture evolves with cultures of immigrants , whereas in germany , you are simply not part of the local culture , even after generations . 
  i think you forgot that blue is still a color . 
  it 's gon na be red white and blue ... 
  did we move the nato nukes out of turkey ? 
  if so , commence kebab removal . 
  seriously , it is a european and russian problem . 
  if you can somehow work with russia on this , there should be less danger to have an islamist country at your door . 
  turkey is a very important ally . 
  we have a lot of nuclear missiles there pointing at russia . 
  just saying that a christian byzantine would be a even more important ally in the region , especially considering unrest in syria , egypt , and judea, 
  and could be that the romanian flag is pushing behind the german one . 
  so maybe the goal should be to make byzantine great again ? 
  c'mon , the laundry list you provided do not address the fact that minority of intellectuals support trump in the us , or the fact that trump admin proposed to cut science budget , specifically 20 % off the nih budget . 
  maybe you should come to live in europe for a year or two before commenting on how europe `` parroting '' american culture , or bragging about our research institutes . 
  the science budget cut will likely result in exodus of scientific talents to europe ( for example , i will likely stay in europe after finishing my postdoc here despite my undergrad and phd training in top west coast universities ) i am sure that i am not the only one . 
  and fyi , trump had done absolutely nothing since his inauguration . 
  democrats just need to maintain the gridlock until the midterm . 
  voters will see how incompetent this government actually is . 
  i am waiting for an update version of this about trump : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=afl9wfgje0m, 
  did you get your degree from the liberty university or some other christian school ? 
  if not , you must have realized that your opinion is definitely not shared by majority of highly educated americans or academia in general . 
  and if you are so proud of our research institutions by voting for your beloved trump , why did he propose budget cuts to science all across the board ? 
  you words are not a window into the thought process of majority of americans , but maybe into minority of people who happens to resides in states , whose votes count more than other states because our electoral college system is seriously retarded . 
  ah rise of magnetism , a system of government whose ruler has to be the magneto . 
  half of it , 
  or maybe the french diploma is a master of map editing : `` what are these dots over there '' `` no , these are just some ink blots , they will disappear after sometimes . 
  technically wwi did destroy the german empire ...
