  baseball probably has the most comprehensive game statistics available in any sports , tracing back over 100 years . 
  for those of us who are interested in statistics and fantasy sports , that is pure gold . 
  see moneyball . 
  yeah we do . 
  apparently , we lock up those without visa , give them armband , put them in a camp and hunt them with high power rifles ... 
  what a tragedy !, 
  its the business as usual in the west part of munich ( planegg ) . 
  send them to norway ? 
  might as well ban iphone and tesla . 
  if your government to insists on some petty law to protect interests of some groups , i 'm pretty our corporation can lobby our government for appropriate actions as well . 
  right after their faces melt , proceed to give out a loud evil laugh . 
  we regularly trip our poor on streets too . 
  you might think of texas . 
  calif is full of pussies . 
  love how the pot is calling the kettle black lol, 
  basically a society unwilling to adopt to a modern world of globalism . 
  but they are punctual though . 
  legalization of marijuana passed in california . 
  if either michigan or penn goes to trump , he will be the next president . 
  it is hopeless . 
  long live president trump . 
  those ballots are long . 
  you vote for president , senator , governor , state congress people , state measures , local measures at the same time . 
  2 years, 
  i thought britain left you . 
  that 's an awkward situation ... it 's like stepdad tried to reach out to the runaway kid . 
  i thought you woulda posted something like this : http://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/middleearthshadowofmordor7723/images/5/50/yre1o.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20140520211519, 
  well you certainly ca n't see when russians are coming from california . 
  does n't matter how good your telescope is . 
  by telescope i mean binocular ... 
  and kaiserschmarren , sacher torte , strudel , and just any sweets/cakes really . 
  because we could n't see russia from our backyard, 
  and to me , `` nationalism '' has the connotation of superiority . 
  like the belief that the culture , industrial power etc. 
  of one country is better than the rest . 
  whereas `` patriotism '' is from the inherent appreciation of your culture and homeland . 
  in another word , `` nationalism '' is the outward projection of one 's pride , while `` patriotism '' is self-awareness of own culture and history . 
  munich agreement ? 
  who got their asses handed to them and came to beg for help ? 
  peanuts and cracker jack, 
  it 's the amateur baseball world series ... kind like u21 . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/baseball_world_cup but seriously , there is no world cup-equivalent events in american sports because nobody will watch it . 
  you have better chance broadcasting college sports . 
  we still have baseball . 
  i do n't think any europeans can finish one baseball game without falling asleep . 
  only if these brown people possess a large amount of oil ... 
  this is full of strawman . 
  the american government never claimed to be altruistic , and was not/is not in debt to poland or any other eastern european countries for any reasons . 
  it is a fact that due to americans and other countries actions , half of the europe was saved from russians . 
  too bad your country was n't one of them . 
  the only reason poland was useful is to contain russia . 
  otherwise you are just another ukraine . 
   as with mujaheddin becoming terrorist , usa contributed to creation of its worst enemy - ussr , that is so ridiculous . 
  it is like to say usa contributed to the rise of nazi by not interfering earlier . 
  at the end of 1944 , most of the eastern europe had fallen to the red army , while the western allies were stuck in belgium . 
  so the only way to recover the eastern europe was to directly attack russians after germany surrendered . 
  considering russians had the most powerful and the most experienced armies at the time , it was completely suicidal , and would likely let the rest of europe slip while prolonged the war indefinitely . 
  not to mention that there was no end in the pacific theater and would likely cost a lot more american lives if not for the atomic bombs . 
  i 'm sorry that you had to suffer the communist rule , but beggars ca n't be choosers . 
  the `` greatest generation '' is the greatest because they answered to the call of duty even when they did n't have to . 
  the us could spend all resources in the pacific theater and tried to get peace with nazis since the us at the time did n't have beef against germany . 
  but they did n't and they saved half of europe . 
  no , romania , bulgaria , hungary all were nazi allies and fielded armies in the eastern front . 
  the only country i felt bad was poland . 
  but it was british 's problem not ours . 
  to complain now that americans did n't do enough for europe during the wwii is akin to some refugees complaining their housing is not luxurious enough . 
  yeah but russia was a more powerful ally than all the exile eastern european countries combined ( not to mention majority of them were nazi allies anyways ) . 
  the goal was to finish the war asap so russians involvement in the pacific theater was more important . 
  it was actually a good thing for the rest of europe because without the threat of soviet , there was no incentive for the marshall plan and subsequent rapid recovery . 
  for not fighting the russians ? 
  what would americans gain from pushing russians back . 
  and there was another major theater of war going on in pacific . 
  the us government never signed any treaty protecting the eastern european countries at the time and had no obligation to do anything . 
  take care your own business . 
  `` abandoned '' `` betrayal '' ... hyperbole much ? 
  there was a reason the cold war was mostly cold . 
  yeah the city is nice . 
  but it is about 40-50 min drives through a pretty heavy traffic . 
  most people i know do n't spend that much time there . 
  my point was that the valley was pretty spread out and not like a european city at all , where you have access to many cultural events via public transport . 
  so to a european , silicon valley life style could appear to be quite uncultured . 
  true , but silicon valley really took off in the 80s and 90s , in the age of pc and internet . 
  the name `` silicon valley '' did n't appear until the late 70s . 
  60 years ago , most of the santa clara valley is covered with orchards . 
  have you been to san jose ? 
  i grew up in santa clara and always loved the world famous san jose orchestra and opera companies and the wonderful nightlife san jose has to offer ... 
  europe is too conservative and risk averse for a silicon valley style place . 
  you need a lot of crazy mo-fo 's with unconventional ideas , a bunch of highly educated immigrant workers from china and india or whatever , and a bunch of risk-taking vcs . 
  plus the lifestyle of silicon valley is also anti-europe . 
  you work a lot in a place with little or no culture . 
  you get little or no holidays . 
  it is a sink or float place and can be very cruel . 
  but it is a heaven for people with ideas . 
  punishment and crime are two separate concepts . 
  illegals committed crime by entering the country illegally . 
  immigration laws are neither civil nor traffic laws , and by definition not `` civil in nature '' ( would be oxymoron otherwise ) . 
  comparing illegal immigration to traffic law is disingenuous , because traffic laws are basically the contract you signed when you obtained your driver 's license , whereas immigration laws are act passed by either congress or parliament . 
  how about d ) trying to make an honest living and making it better for my children and my children 's children . 
  if you allow yourself to break one set of laws , how do you know you wo n't break more when it is convenient for yourself . 
  why would anybody in the developed countries wants to welcome people who do n't want education , and just want an apparent easy life ?
