how do you define hate speech ... people can consider certain form of provocative satire as hate speech . 
  you ca n't open the floodgate here . 
  why do n't we just invade them . 
  and europe can clean up our ass by taking up saudi refugees ... / s, 
  founded by who ? 
  well , they need to head to czech then, 
  well it 's easy to say when your neck of the woods is at the forefront of the refugee influx . 
  sure , we can take the scientists and engineers or people demonstrated with a certain level of skill . 
  thank you very much . 
  got ta put that into context . 
  if you visit a mall in kentucky or tennessee , you will find that whales should n't be protected , because there are plenty of them and reproducing rapidly . 
  well , there were a lot of germans got killed or sent to concentration camp because they disagree with nazi germany ( think white rose ) . 
  and nobody continues to treat germans as enemy after the war . 
  so the assertion that every german should be responsible for nazi germany is absurd . 
  by the same logic , there were a plenty of people wanting to free snowden in the us . 
  so it is equally absurd to say americans as a whole wishes death on snowden, 
  well , if you can predict what majority of americans think , you should run for office there . 
  nobody knew about nsa until snowden . 
  so why should americans be responsible for nsa ? 
  are you responsible for everything bad thing your government does ? 
  correction : american government, 
  is it holy ? 
  and is it from antioch ? 
  nobody expects the spanish inquisition !, 
  hey that 's khazakhstan !, 
  i think the `` sterile couples '' and `` adoption '' are good arguments . 
  but i would argue that the sterile couples are marriage in legal terms only but not fulfilling the contract ( they can sign the contract in good faith , i.e. 
  keep the ability to have children , but unable to for whatever reason ) . 
  for adoption , you are raising other people 's children , even though you are emotionally attached to them , because the children have little genetic inheritance from both parents . 
  in the end , i think the real problem lies with the society 's emphasis on the word `` marriage '' . 
  i think it is silly that `` equality '' can only be achieved when the m word is used willy nilly . 
  it is almost like a participation prize they gave out in middle school . 
  the essence of the historical argument is that the goal of marriage is to reproduce , which is universal throughout the history . 
  there is no reference to bible since the biblical time is likely a myth created by a small population of people . 
  me too . 
  legally , there should n't be any privileges exclusive to heterosexual couple . 
  but historically marriage is a contract between a man and a woman to procreate in a societal acceptable form . 
  that 's why there are terms like bastards etc. . people can call homosexual `` marriage '' a marriage by re-defining the term at whim . 
  but not to me . 
  i think that is what admirable about germans -- learn your lessons from wwii and move on ; so that you do n't steep in the past or `` heritage '' like some part of the us . 
  there was no moral winner or loser in the long run , just the political ones at the time . 
  as furries ? 
  to trigger the second american revolution of course . 
  then there is finally a reason for the 2nd amendment to exist . 
  yes the greek government was irresponsible ... but so was the predatory banks that gave out cheap credit the first place . 
  of course the banks would receive a bail-out from eu instead of the greek . 
  because eu = france ... 
  what 's the point of g7 anyways ? 
  the good ole boy club ? 
  it 's the vestige of the colonial powers . 
  george iii ??? 
  all the power to them if they can get more americans to get out the country and experience other cultures . 
  they should actively recruit people from southern states so we wo n't have that many nutheads in that part of the country . 
  sure ... just put on your iron cross and march onto canada . 
  beat up these frenchie like what you used to do . 
  you should . 
  that 's why they named it after bismarck ... to attract germans to go there . 
  and pickled herring and the capital of north dakota, 
  maybe not ... but something does n't add up in this case . 
  the manchurian candidate ? 
  yeah , thanks to your henchmen ... 
  because they are all illegal  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=90u2iqxevsm, 
  hey dont knock it down if you havent tried it , 
  i was expecting full frontal nude picture of david hasselhoff ... 
  but bagel sandwiches are so tasty !, 
  cheese and egg ... 
  because you are cancerous ? 
  yeah , you end up with a crust of salt instead . 
  yeah , not sure if it travels outside of california . 
  but if you happen to be in san francisco bay area around february and have a few hours to spare to wait in line . 
  it was a fantastic experience . 
  copenhagen is great . 
  i get my fix there when i am craving ipa . 
  most europeans do n't even like beer . 
  in central europe , lagers are fantastic , not like the watery bs american lagers . 
  even the budweiser ( the real one from czech ) here is better . 
  and there is in fact a dark german larger called dunkles , which is just about as dark as stout . 
  if you get a chance , try pliny the younger from russia river . 
  it is by far the most rare and best ipa , period . 
  putin pulled out prematurely ? 
  well then do n't start fight when you are not able to finish , i.e. 
  libya . 
  leave the fighting and trouble-making to the big boys . 
  ukraine was a lost cause anyway since there was nothing anybody could do to reverse the situation . 
  what 's wrong with m\u00fcnchen ? 
  it sounds rather cute . 
  if the venue is private , it has the right to deny whoever . 
  but if it is public , it has to provide equal opportunity to all points of view . 
  well , that gets personal quite quickly . 
  i already gave you my answer ... opportunity offered to new immigrants to succeed , which is essential in the robber barons era ( andrew carnegie ) and now ( sergey brin ) . 
  if you think it is bullshit , i have absolutely nothing new to add . 
  you started with an extreme biased view , which deserves nothing but sarcasm and dismissal . 
  it 's just funny to see how you can understand a country based on news . 
  multiculturalism works in america because of opportunity it offers to new immigrants . 
  you have to go there to understand the difference . 
  european immigrants did come to america and destroyed the native culture . 
  it 's the fundamental right of freedom of speech , that is when one is invited to talk , that person ought to be able to have a forum , regardless your opinion of the topic . 
  you can exercise your right to protest of course . 
  but whenever you exercise whatever means necessary to shut the other person up , you head into authoritarianism . 
  this has nothing to do with morality .
