new york , yonkers , boston . 
  i had to skip quite a few questions though ... 
  our top three guesses for your english dialect : 1 . singaporean 2 . australian 3 . us black vernacular / ebonics our top three guesses for your native ( first ) language : 1 . vietnamese 2 . romanian 3 . italian, 
  few , 5-10 maybe , on a kindle . 
  do n't know what good books i 've read lately ... 
  the hitchhikers guide to the galaxy trilogy were the last good books i 've read , i think . 
  i 'm not sure about that . 
  here in spain , the right is the one who pushes for punishing hate speech and the likes . 
  exactly my thought . 
  anyone in asturias knows it , and so do many people in the rest of spain ( from my experience , at least ) . 
  why ? 
  personally i 've never had any bad experiences with them . 
  most seem almost too nice !, 
  [ mieres del camin , asturias , spain ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mieres,_asturias ) : oldest traces of settlements are from the prehistory , but it 's not known the exact era . 
  earliest known inscriptions date from the roman era . 
  then the name mieres first appeared around the 9th century, 
  ca n't talk about anal sex , but i can confirm for kebab . 
  it is acceptable as a lot of people do it , but illegal . 
  you can get fines of more than a hundred euros , in theory , but that is rarely enforced , even if the police sees you doing it ( they 'd usually ignore you , or tell you you should n't do it and that you can be fined ) . 
  in any case , i 've heard of people getting fined for this , so it can happen . 
  so normally i do it unless i see a policeman, 
  there 's a large difference here in spain . 
  spanish from andaluc\u00eda sounds very different from spanish in the rest of the country . 
  the centre speaks similarily , although there are still different accents , different words used in each zone . 
  also the basque country , galicia , catalonia , or asturias , have heavier accents too , also they take vocabulary and sometimes grammar from their local languages . 
  both / r/spain and / r/es have very few users and posts . 
  i suppose it 's because they are not official languages , unlike basque , catalan and galician . 
  i can speak for how it is in spain . 
  basque , catalan , galician are thoroughly taught at school in their respective communities , everyone i know from those places is fluent in their respective language . 
  other non-official languages , like asturian , are not mandatory ( and even then they are not taught in depth ) , so they are rarely used by younger people . 
  legal up to 14 weeks , the mother decides unilaterally . 
  up to 22 weeks if there 's danger to the mother or fetus , and from there only if the fetus is guaranteed to die anyway . 
  i feel spanish and asturian first , then european . 
  so yeah , my country first but i do feel european , and connected to other countries in europe . 
  renfe is not that expensive tbh, 
  i think i 've already seen how this plays out . 
  ca n't tell you much , it 's 100 % covered by public healthcare if you 're insured , which i 'm not sure how it works . 
  after looking into it for a while ( when will they make legal texts more understandable ? ), 
  i found out : for legal immigrants , you 're covered if you 're a worker or ex-worker , or descendant or spouse of one , or if you are under a threshold of income ( used to be universal but pp cut it in 2012 , thanks rajoy ) . 
  what i know is everyone is entitled to childbirth support , anyway , even uninsured people and illegal immigrants . 
  tl ; dr ask someone who knows better . 
  hope you come here and like the country , 
  all appointments are free ( which is sometimes a problem in big cities because people abuse it and waiting times can be of several days , or months for specialists , especially for non-urgent stuff like the ophtalmologist ) . 
  er is also free though , and of course they help you at the moment in case you need it . 
  same if you need to stay at the hospital , all surgeries are free as well ( waiting times can be long for anything non urgent ) . 
  drugs they give you there are free as well , and you pay half price for the drugs they prescribe , buying them in any pharmacy . 
  there are special prices for some groups of people too , i do n't know them though . 
  private insurance is very useful for minor problems , because waiting time is much lower . 
  however , people who have private insurance and develop serious conditions ( say a cancer ) often switch back to public because it works better for that . 
  i 'm pretty sure you need a degree in spain to teach at elementary school or higher . 
  also to pass a competitive exam which , as far as i know , it 's pretty damn hard . 
  but our education system still sucks . 
  non stick are probably more common , but you can find both types about everywhere . 
  apart from schools and such , i 've seen them in gij\u00f3n , for example . 
  yup , that 's my go to strategy too . 
  still feel a bit awkward , but not as much . 
  i ca n't stand the awkwardness of not talking to someone when you 're in a lift with them . 
  i ca n't stand the shitty small talk that you make when you talk to some stranger in a lift . 
  tl , dr i hate lifts, 
  spain is widely regarded as the most gay friendly country in the world , in a few studies i 've seen . 
  but in the end you should n't have any problems in any western european country . 
  do n't know about how tuition works , but i 'm pretty sure you have the economics degree in english in both madrid and barcelona , at least . 
  another problem is that few people speak english here , although foreign students i know do n't really have any problems with this . 
  spain ( where i 'm from ) , france , andorra , italy , vatican city , uk ( england , wales and n. ireland ) , belgium , germany . 
  actually i did n't know i 'd been to that many countries . 
  we have a mandatory id card , the [ dni ] ( http://imgur.com/31v0wje ) ( * documento nacional de identidad * , national identity document ) for people with spanish nationality or [ nie ] ( http://imgur.com/2wor1tt ) ( * n\u00famero de identificaci\u00f3n de extranjero * , foreign identification number ) for foreigners residing in spain . 
  you have to get a dni when you 're 14 or earlier . 
  you can use the [ passport ] ( http://imgur.com/2wgiigq ) instead of the dni , and ( for most things , but not all ) the [ driver 's license ] ( http://imgur.com/gcox6ut ) . 
  [ health insurance cards ] ( http://imgur.com/cuzabwg ) ( they look different in each autonomous community ) do not have a picture and i do n't think they can be used as an id . 
  there 's also a free [ european health insurance card ] ( http://imgur.com/ovaivj5 ) , which you can use when you 're in any eu country , but it does n't have a picture either so it ca n't be used as id . 
  edit : added health insurance cards, 
  given that he betrayed us when we were allies to invade us , bringing his army which killed and stealed from everyone , and put his alcoholic brother as king of spain , he 's not seen with very good eyes . 
  although i had heard his brother was pretty liberal and tried to do good ( better than his predecessor and then successor ferdinand vii by far ) . 
  it 's hard to be loved when your brother 's army comes into the country shooting civilians and pillaging though . 
  in general it 's hard to say , because it 's hard to tell between atheists and people who may believe in god but it does n't affect their lives at all ( they do n't go to the chruch and do n't really care ) , and it 's not really something you ask and know about people . 
  according to some stats i saw , 50 % of all spaniards are catholics that never go to mass . 
  so , counting people my age i know , i 'd say like at least 95 % are not very religious ( that 's how i consider myself too , i kinda believe in god , but do n't really care about it ) . 
  most people of my parents age ( ~ 50 ) are like that as well . 
  my grandparents were all religious iirc , so are most people their age . 
  i should also say i come from an area which is in general very left leaning and not very religious . 
  wow , that 's ridiculous . 
  it 's about 45k $ in spain . 
  wish i could have one one day , even if i 'm not really into cars , it 's my favourite by far . 
  not food or weather !, 
  that 's all i can say though :(, 
  i do n't feel american at all , really . 
  yesterday 's ... events did feel bad , mainly for the people who 'll have problems because of trump winning . 
  felt bad for hillary too , i kinda liked her . 
  i 'd say it 's just general empathy though . 
  there are theory classes in spain too but they 're optional . 
  i did n't take any , i just did a shitton of tests . 
  the first one is exactly what i wanted to post  edit : grammar, 
  of course . 
  i 'm not getting into examples because there are already a few here , but even every group of friends i know has their own memes . 
  same for any country !, 
  * is a good current example !, 
  only with close family ( father/grandfather and all women in general ) , and when informally greeting girls ( both guy-girl and girl-girl ) . 
  yeah , carmena is a good example imo , i like her a lot . 
  even as a podemos voter , i can hardly find any politicians i like in the party . 
  i mainly vote them as the least bad option .
