hey , one time we managed to annoy them into a ceasefire !, 
  ( i love my country but yeah , we 've never claimed to be a great military power ), 
  no , normally you need to do the leaving certificate ( ie abitur ) and get certain grades ( lc grades are converted to points , and you need x number of points to be accepted into the course you want ) to go to a university . 
  i think the process might be different if you 're applying as a mature student ( 23 or over ) , but i 'm not too sure about the specifics . 
  you only need the junior cert for an apprenticeship , but apprenticeships in ireland are few and far between and only having done the junior cert is often viewed as a recipe for poverty , so most kids ( i think around 90 % ? ), 
  end up staying on and doing the leaving cert - if they are n't interested in university , they then have the option of going to a vocational college to learn more `` practical '' things . 
   nurses while the rest of your comment is absolutely spot-on , i do have to mention that in some other countries ( ireland at least is one ) , nursing is taught as a university degree and not as an apprenticeship - work placements are generally a component of the degree , as is the case for many other degrees , but it 's still something you have to go to university to do . 
   if wallonia can block the ceta agreement for all eu , france , a country that has been pushing hard for french to be the eu language would surely block any measures to let ireland switch its submitted language to english . 
  the prospect of english being removed as an official language was raised by an mep just after brexit , and the eu immediately clarified that every country , including ireland , has a veto over changes to the official language regime . 
  what you 're proposing could well happen , but i can also see this weird stalemate happening where france blocks ireland from adding english and ireland blocks france from removing english , repeated ad nauseum until everyone else gets sick of it and english stays . 
   the opinion i have formed is that we should have a trio of official languages : english , french , german ( which are currently working languages ) . 
  it 's interesting you mention that because spain and italy recently won a court case against the eu for requiring epso job applications to be in one of those three languages https://euobserver.com/institutional/130428 what you propose might well simplify things , but there would probably be too much backlash from member states ( they all have a veto over changing the language regime apparently ) for it to happen . 
  a compromise for who , though ? 
  eu citizens can come and go through ireland as they please , checking their passports wo n't stop that , and if the border is still open there 's nothing stopping them from crossing into ni . 
  i 'd have to see the final details , but as it stands outsourcing eu immigration controls to a country which allows freedom of movement does n't help the brits take control of immigration , and doing the uk 's dirty work , for want of a better word , does n't benefit the irish . 
  it just seems really impractical and something which will play really badly with the irish electorate . 
  em , no thank you . 
  anyway , does n't this make a mockery of the brexiteers ' `` taking back control of our borders ! '', 
  rhetoric , if they have to outsource border control to an eu member state ? 
   scotland an ni would likely a sort of `` express accession '' do you mean as independent states ? 
  scotland could manage it , but there 's no way in hell ni is a viable independent state , and i think the eu is well aware of that . 
  well , thanks for proving my point at least . 
  with all due respect , you do n't get to decide what 's acceptable to us . 
  i 'm sure that 's the case for many people , but most of the time when i 've seen someone use the phrase southern ireland there 's this weird air of hostility towards ireland in what they 're saying that makes the term more loaded than it should be . 
  that mp that was quoted is a perfect example - he 's offended that british politicians are getting irish passports , but what could have been a fairly measured critique of the phenomenon instead comes off as `` well , fuck off back to that debt-ridden shithole then '' . 
  oh man , call ian paisley irish to his face , i dare you . 
  it 's a term some older british empire types use to refer to ireland when they 're being knobs . 
  i think that 's just his face tbh . 
  strange that galway is so low , considering it 's a university town . 
  that 's been there a while though ? 
   i am not really keen on referendums either and prefer for it to not have happened . 
  referenda can be good in a lot of ways if they 're managed properly , unfortunately the brexit referendum was not imo . 
  i 'm from cork city , and when starbucks got in trouble for not having the correct planning permission for their three cafes , their `` solution '' was to remove the seating from the cafes and claim that the lack of seating meant that they 're shops now . 
  o.o load of absolute spoofers . 
  might be funnier for germans - humour is notoriously one of those things that does n't travel well . 
   dear mr. president of ireland . 
  as an irish person , the funniest part of that speech is the implication that the president has actual power . 
   so you have your answer : the double standards are there since the very beginning . 
  plus when it started , the ecsc was purely an economic union between countries with big coal and steel industries , the human rights requirements developed later . 
   giving money to the train controllers so you do n't have to buy a ticket that seems ... counterproductive . 
  no , but being one of the founding states is ~ symbolic ~ and would look really bad for the eu if the dutch were expelled . 
  are people just fucking giving up on the notion of a european union altogether after brexit ? 
  because if you start kicking countries out because they do one thing you do n't like , you wo n't have much of a union left . 
  and people think there are no snakes in ireland ... 
  yikes , that video was awkward . 
   i think that his last point is completely wrong though because as long as art 50 and indeed during the process of exit the uk is still a member of the eu so should n't be excluded from areas that still concern it . 
  well , they 've said they 're leaving , so we need to take them at their word . 
  we ca n't just hang around and pretend everything 's normal for god knows how long while may dithers about triggering art . 
  50 , we need to take it seriously and minimise the impact it 'll have on the rest of the eu . 
  i think personally that it would make the transition easier for both parties if the eu gradually reduced british involvement in the workings of the eu , rather than suddenly severing the cord the minute article 50 happens . 
   romania , bulgaria , croatia are not schengen members eh , ireland is n't in schengen and we have an eu agency in dublin iirc , so that would n't rule those countries out necessarily , and they could do with the investment . 
  it 's mostly the mere thought of one of the most hardcore federalists in the eu being sent to negotiate brexit that has people giggling . 
   if all countries thought like that , we would have bigger undemocratic countries again occupying the smaller ones . 
  all countries do think like that . 
  most countries base their policies on what 's best for their own citizens , not the citizens of other countries - that is selfish , but it 's how the world works . 
  if you see some countries lobby for an eu army , it 's because they stand to benefit from it in some way , not out of some grand notion of pan-european solidarity . 
   yeah , because you are relatively unthreatened by a foreign force while other countries may be very threatened . 
  your unwillingness to protect other democratic countries is the problem here !!, 
  jesus , we 're not superman . 
  realistically , what do you expect ireland to contribute here ? 
  we 've never been in a war , our armed forces are underfunded and underequipped , our location would be peripheral to any war that would hypothetically occur , we already pay into the eu budget , and any contribution we could make would be held up by massive opposition at home . 
  it would be irresponsible of ireland to enter a war we are n't prepared for and undemocratic to enter a war that the people of ireland are opposed to . 
   no , that is just bad foreign policy . 
  depends on what you consider good foreign policy . 
  ireland 's foreign policy has generally been to maintain good relations with other countries and to avoid getting into unnecessary wars ; in that respect maintaining neutrality is considered good foreign policy . 
  part of being a democratic country is respecting the will of your citizens , and the irish people would be very opposed to ending neutrality - this has been consistently shown in polls , and it 's a key reason that eu treaties like nice and lisbon were originally rejected . 
  as it stands , we have various legal safeguards to prevent ireland getting involved in a war - the irish government ca n't even deploy peacekeeping troops without a un resolution to that effect , and opting in to an eu common defence policy would require a constitutional amendment which would most likely be rejected in a referendum . 
  you may not like it , but that is democracy . 
  i am far more emotionally invested in philae 's fate than i probably should be . 
  nah , we 're great . 
   i do n't think ireland has the port capacity to sustain it compared to poland . 
  well we do have one of the largest deepwater ports in europe ( cork harbour ) , so theoretically there 's no reason we could n't ? 
  1 : if ireland does n't appeal , then that 's tantamount to admitting ireland did something wrong , and the irish government strongly disputes that . 
  2 : keeping apple and the many multinationals in ireland onside . 
  3 : the eu has been trying to make ireland raise its tax rate for years , but since tax is n't an eu competency , ireland has essentially told them to fuck off . 
  now they 're using a very weird ( and possibly legally questionable ) mechanism - the state aid claim - to get around the irish veto ... the government 's concern is that the commission has just found a new line of attack and is going to keep using this mechanism to force ireland to raise its rates , which would be bad for our economy . 
  4 : it 's not entirely clear that the 13 billion is ours to begin with - the judgement says that other countries are entitled to some of it , and if that 's the case why is ireland getting all of it ? 
  whether we appeal or not , that money will be tied up in litigation for years as every country that thinks apple owes them something will be fighting for their share . 
  probably past domestic violence ? 
  if the woman believes her life would be in danger from the biological father ( which , y' know , is n't unheard of ) , i 'd imagine a court would take that into account . 
  i do n't know where in ireland you went but your perception that there are no irish people left in ireland is laughably inaccurate . 
  well , that 's been coming down the line for a while now . 
  i 'd have very little sympathy for apple personally , given that our `` official '' corporation tax rate is pretty low to begin with - if we 're gon na keep doing this low-tax destination thing we 've got going on , then it needs to be enforced across the board . 
  good , this whole thing was dumb as hell . 
  at this rate i want them to leave asap purely so i do n't have to read some iteration of this bloody article every week for the next 10 years . 
  thanks for the invite , guys !, 
  i think we 're probably just allergic to the term `` anglo '' being applied to us , you were n't really wrong to say it though . 
  the potato-eating alcoholic `` jokes '' about irish people annoy me , primarily because they 're shit jokes that just make the person making them sound like a moron . 
  potato jokes are particularly bad , ( a ) because they 're highly lame , ( b ) because it 's not even accurate anymore and ( c ) the only reason people know that irish people used to eat a lot of potatoes is because of the famine , which ... like a million people died ? 
  and this is apparently funny to you ? 
  apart from christmas and easter , we do n't generally get days off on catholic feast days . 
  a lot of catholic schools ( so , most public schools ... ) take the feast of the immaculate conception ( 8/12 ) off , but it 's not an actual national holiday . 
  most shops are also open on sundays , because we 're godless capitalist heathens in that way . 
  that is an impressively passive-aggressive question . 
  a : southern ireland does not exist . 
  b : why the fuck should ireland lose its rights as an eu member state because of a decision made by the uk ? 
  we have nothing to do with brexit and it does n't affect our position in the eu . 
  no offense , but that 's not really the point of the irish citizenship process . 
  no joke , during the gathering they genuinely did offer cork passports to tourists : www.dailyedge.ie/cork-rebel-week-passports-899931-may2013/, 
  we could n't do it anyway , ireland does n't keep track of its emigrants so a rule like that would be very difficult to enforce .
