  do n't really care about the hijab aspect of it , but i find people wearing flags to be a bit tacky in general . 
  ai n't happening , the irish government fucking loathes holding referenda , they wo n't do it unless they think it 'll affect the constitution , which afaik it does n't . 
  spanish elections are like the groundhog day of european politics . 
  not terribly surprised by that - i know that at least in cork ( bit in the south ) , where i 'm from , from the 30s on a lot of the railway lines , as well as the tram system in cork city , were discontinued in favour of busses . 
  i live near what used to be a major local railway line , it 's since been converted into a public walkway . 
  can we not . 
  eta : is a referendum even necessary ? 
  i was under the impression we only required a referendum on an eu-related yoke if it affected our constitutional sovereignity . 
  did n't we already give the eu the authority to make trade deals on our behalf when we joined ? 
  ireland 's one of the wealthiest countries in the world and is a fairly socially stable country ( the bit that is n't still part of the uk , that is ... ) , what 's your point ? 
  well , if you 're referring to this sub , there are a lot of irish regulars here , who have sympathy for irish nationalists for fairly obvious reasons . 
  as for scotland , i remember after their independence referendum , a lot of my friends on facebook were genuinely baffled that the scots voted to stay in the uk - in their minds , we had to fight our way out of the uk , but the scots were given a peaceful way out and they `` threw it away '' . 
  ireland did n't do particularly well out of being in the uk , so i think because of that there 's a certain amount of sympathy for any independence-minded scots , plus the feeling of `` we did it , and it worked out well for us , why not for scotland too ? '', 
  ( disclaimer : i 'm from the republic , any nordies around feel free to correct me ) there 's some talking but nothing 's really happening at the moment , since until article 50 is triggered it 's more or less business as usual ... the most i 've heard is that enda kenny ( irish pm ) is telling everyone in the eu who will listen that the border needs to be kept open to save the peace process , he met with hollande and merkel last week to press his case . 
  generally in referenda , especially the controversial ones , anything over 60 % is considered an overwhelming result , scotland voted 62 % to stay . 
  ireland used to be a net beneficiary but is now a net contributor , as our economy got a huge boost from being in the eu over the years - i 'm assuming that the hope is that the same will happen with eastern europe , given time . 
  if it helps , i once saw an article on tagesschau ( german state media - it 's state-funded , right ? ), 
  which also called the then british pm james cameron ... 
  taoiseach ( prime minister ) of ireland . 
  hollande 's visiting dublin today to discuss brexit with enda kenny ( ireland wants to keep the border with ni open post-brexit , i 'm assuming the french want something from us in return ) , the link is to an irish news site reporting on the joint press conference they held today . 
  given anglo-french history , one would think that a french president calling on the british to do a thing would be the most effective way to ensure they refuse to do the thing . 
  thanks !, 
  that sort of proves my point really - i 've looked through the rira list and only six of the many listed attacks took place in the republic , all of which look more like gangland-related murders than terrorist attacks . 
  my issue with the original comment was that they seemed to think the republic of ireland was a hotbed of terrorism even now , which if you 've ever spent time here is really not the case . 
  the ira is really not a thing here in ireland anymore ( the republic , that is ) . 
  i 'm trying to remember a major attack in the republic in my lifetime and i 'm failing , if you have any examples of a recent bombing please let me know . 
  well that escalated quickly . 
  ... the ira officially disbanded about 15 years ago and there has n't been a terrorist attack south of the border since the 70s . 
  i 'd ask how old you are , but a better question might be where did you park your time machine ? 
  you used to get that with the irish diaspora , particularly in america - during the troubles , the ira got plenty of money from irish-americans , for example , and irish-americans often seem to have a particularly rigid view of irishness . 
  for some people , their sense of nationalism increases once they 've emigrated ... it happened to me a little when i was living abroad , if you get homesick enough you start romanticising your home country and forgetting all the not-so-great parts . 
  nope . 
  the bailout was from the eu/imf . 
  out of the e85 billion we received , 3.44 bn of that was from the uk , which was relatively speaking a drop in the bucket - the uk was generous to give that much , but it 's not like they rode in on their white horse to save us . 
  i do n't mean to be rude , but ( 1 ) irishcentral is an awful source of news for most things , ( 2 ) it 's using an express article as a source , which is an even worse source of news , and ( 3 ) jesus christ , that was the biggest load of horseshit i 've ever read . 
  i 'm sure we 'll see some increase in immigration , but what this `` financial guru '' is suggesting is fucking ludicrous and an oversimplistic view of human behaviour . 
  he 's taking it as an article of faith that three million people , many of whom have been in the uk for years , and are probably entitled to naturalisation , are going to decide to uproot their lives to move to a country barely out of recession with 11 % unemployment , purely on the basis that we speak english . 
  that 's akin to saying that when ( if ) turkey joins the eu , every single turk on earth is coming to the uk . 
  yeah no , that 's not how reality works - sorry , you 're probably stuck with a lot of those 3 million . 
  we 've had lots of immigration from eastern europe since 2004 ( 10 % of the population was born abroad and the poles are now the second-largest ethnic group in ireland ) and somehow the sky has n't fallen in . 
  but hey , thanks for wishing ill on my country for not , y' know , treating eu citizens like a cockroach infestation !, 
  apparently varadkar was a bit of a dick to fianna fail during the government formation negotiations , so there 's a bit of a concern that they might cause trouble for the government if he becomes taoiseach . 
  would they be fired , though ? 
  i read a few months ago that the eu kept on the norwegians they employed to prepare for norway 's accession that never happened , so i assumed the brits in the eu would keep their jobs ... is that not the case ? 
  i ca n't tell if this is a clever ploy to make sure that bj gets blamed if the brexit negotiations go tits-up , or if theresa may is just huffing paint . 
  there have been plenty of complaints ( especially from france ) , trust me . 
  having a low corporation tax rate is not illegal or against eu law , as long as ireland appears to be keeping its nose clean and is n't encouraging outright tax-dodging . 
  we 're going to be hearing some variation of this article until the uk actually triggers article 50 - it does n't matter how often the brits say the delay is to `` work out their negotiating strategy '' ( because really , that should have been worked out ages ago , referenda are a binary choice so there was always at least a 50 % chance brexit was gon na happen ) - the longer they wait , the more it looks like stalling . 
  an afd politician says something offensive ? 
  i am shocked . 
  shocked , i tell you . 
  ... a bit late now , is n't it ? 
  the eu is the largest employer of interpreters in the world , i 'm sure they can make it work if they tried . 
  ... we know . 
  well , that 's delightful / s i love that `` caring about chemtrails '' is such a reliable indicator of someone being completely nuts , it 's very useful . 
   the afd showcases how incompetent the party is in the regional parliaments ( sadly few people are taking note of that ) . 
  how incompetent are they ? 
  i followed the elections on tagesschau a while back but i have n't really heard much about their actual performance , what have they been doing ? 
   some combination of close-by and available members ( founding 6 ) just off the top of my head , sweden , denmark , austria , poland and czechia are as close or closer to brussels than italy , for example , is . 
  they could have rung around , see who was available at short notice and had a meeting with anyone they could find , but they did n't . 
  it was a very deliberate choice to exclude everyone except the original 6 , and i think it was a dick move - the eu already has an `` in-group '' ( eurozone countries ) and an `` out-group '' ( non-eurozone ) , the 6 having their own meeting makes it look like there 's an in-group within the in-group that calls the shots . 
  ireland : the head of the nationally-funded suicide prevention charity watched the wolf of wall street and thought that was a great lifestyle to emulate ... with the charity 's money . 
   well , there 's some serious butthurt from the people listed above , because they were not invited to the first , ad hoc post-brexit meeting . 
  in fairness , that was some bullshit - the founding 6 's opinions are not automatically more valid than the other 21 just because they 've been there longer . 
  i only remember those pictures of government buildings that we had to name ... utter uselessness . 
  i did n't get any proper instruction on the eu until i did french in college and we had a module about french and eu politics . 
  they really should spend more time in cspe teaching how the eu works imo . 
  aaa-pbp are pro-lexit ( left-wing exit ) because something something neoliberalism , i 'd hardly count them as influencing government policy though . 
  to put it bluntly , i have never voted for anyone who in turn elected enda kenny as prime minister of ireland either . 
  what you 're describing is a common feature in many democracies , does n't make them `` highly undemocratic '' . 
  that 's my issue with people complaining about having a second referendum on the lisbon treaty in ireland ... we got concessions on everything people were worried enough about to reject the treaty , and in return we were asked to vote again . 
  if the eu were as authoritarian as people seem to think , we would n't have gotten those concessions and they 'd have just ignored the referendum result . 
  so what ? 
  there are 26 other countries in the eu , not all of which export much to the uk , and they all have a veto . 
  article 8 of the irish constitution : 1 the irish language as the national language is the first official language . 
  2 the english language is recognised as a second official language . 
  it is simply not true to suggest that english is not an official language in ireland , and i say that as an irish-speaker . 
  that mep is being bitter and petty , and i would expect that the irish government would raise hell if english was removed from the list ( given that most of them ca n't speak irish either ) . 
  plus , irish only became an official language in 2007 , what the hell did they think we were speaking between 1973 and then ? 
  hard to tell really . 
  there does n't seem to be overwhelming public support for it in ni , although we 'll see how badly brexit goes for them . 
  it is n't really a hot political topic in the republic either , and when it comes up as a topic of discussion online people seem fairly ambivalent - they like the idea of a united ireland , and many are passionately in favour of it , but many others either do n't care , are worried about the troubles starting up again , or are worried about the expense of integrating ni into ireland . 
  i really do n't think it could happen until at least 85 % of the north wants a ui , otherwise the dublin government would n't touch it for fear of having to dodge loyalist carbombs for the next 20 years . 
  they 're not especially anti-eu either - `` overall , sinn f\u00e9in 's attitude towards the eu can be described as one of `` critical engagement '' . 
  the party acknowledges the economic benefits of membership , so does not advocate leaving the eu or the eurozone . 
  rather , it is a nationalist party that seeks to limit the extent to which supranational institutions like the commission take power away from national governments . 
  '' - from the irish times , backed up by various statements adams has given over the years . 
  i have n't seen anyone saying the uk should be punished , they 're mostly saying they want to get on with the exit negotiations asap because we have other shit to do . 
  tbh you guys are being treated like any other non-eu country , which means that you 're going to lose certain privileges you currently enjoy-if a non-eu country is treated the exact same as an eu country , what 's the point in being in the eu ? 
  i highly doubt brian hayes is speaking for enda kenny given enda 's stance towards brexit , sounds like he just wanted to remind people he exists . 
  irrelevant politician says irrelevant bullshit , shocker . 
  brian hayes is a nobody , and given that enda kenny flat-out told the rest of fine gael that there was no way in hell we were having an irexit referendum , i highly doubt he 's speaking for the government . 
  the leavers seemed rather keen on tearing up all those regulations during the campaign . 
  first time i 've ever heard the word `` quality '' in relation to the sun ... 
  no one asked you . 
  ( eta the above comment i replied to originally also said `` as an american , i support the brits leaving the eu '' , in case my comment now seems out of context ), 
  you 'd think he 'd get the hint . 
  wait , does n't irish have five cases , not three ? 
  i mostly see it in academic texts , it does n't get used much here outside of that . 
  basically !,
