  without getting permission . 
  anyway , it 's not the gist in his speech . 
  he is n't talking about someone who might pose as federals , he specifically talks about federals . 
  `` they need to respect us . 
  they been killing us , insulting us . '', 
  he calls them `` masters '' sarcastically . 
  he is making it super obvious about whom he is talking about . 
  lit \u00b7 er \u00b7 al \u00b7 ly \u02c8lid\u0259r\u0259l\u0113 , \u02c8litr\u0259l\u0113 / adverb in a literal manner or sense ; exactly . 
  `` the driver took it literally when asked to go straight across the traffic circle '' synonyms : exactly , precisely , actually , really , truly ; more informal used for emphasis or to express strong feeling while not being literally true . 
  `` i have received literally thousands of letters '' also it 's not a reach in any way . 
  he is literally talking about federals and saying they should be shot on sight . 
  he does n't use that word , he is however talking about them , and everyone in that room understands it . 
  so you are saying that he is n't talking about federals ? 
  let me repeat my question then : are you trying to fool someone else , or are you trying to fool yourself ? 
  i 'm not into playing games with trolls . 
  he says : `` if someone appears on our territory without your knowledge - shoot to kill . 
  does n't matter who they are - moscovites or from stavropol . 
  we do n't have the right to go and fight against terrorists/extremists in other republics , for example we do n't do operations in ingushetya . 
  we have to control our territory . 
  nobody has the right to enter chechnya without permission of ministry of defense of chechnya . '', 
  go ahead and twist it somehow , that he is not talking about federal forces , i will laugh some more . 
  why do you play dumb ? 
  seriously . 
  are you trying to fool someone else , or is it for your own sake ? 
  / r/russiadenies, 
  [ here 's ] ( https://youtu.be/dhu6aolz7zi ) a video of him saying it . 
  i laugh at those who try to downplay it in their comments . 
  he literally says that federal agents should be shot on sight . 
  yeah , no biggie . 
  this !, 
  and please consider adding baltic council since we 're already owned by scandis ( and it also does n't do anything ) . 
  and then ... we could expand even more and create -- wait for it -- european union !, 
  7 months have passed since the [ last time ] ( http://redd.it/2fts9y ) the same question was asked here on / r/europe . 
  so yeah , it 's time to rehash . 
  maybe some users from the last discussion will brag about their achievements in that time ? 
  anyway , here 's my list . 
  lithuanian native , russian and english approx . 
  on the same * very good * level ( except ca n't write russian for shit ) , can understand ukrainian and belarusian to some extent ( only through a russian language prism ) . 
  and german and polish very basic understanding . 
  been playing german lessons on duolingo for some time now , but do not put enough effort to achieve some tangible results . 
  from tomorrow i will !, 
  in the future would like to be able to understand some scandinavian language ( s ) . 
  why ? 
  cause it 's cool . 
   last time i checked you do n't have to be married to raise children . 
  i believe so , but in most cases children indeed are beneficiaries of legal status called `` marriage '' their parents/guardians have . 
   you do realize that it 's more than the name , right ? 
  yes , that is why it is important - to let gays to have same protection as straight people have . 
   various privileges the other tax payers have to pay for ? 
  most ( if not all ) privileges come when married people have children . 
  so yes , yes indeed , we , as society , have to enforce same legal protection and privileges for children in whatever family they are raised in . 
   why should the government subsidize something they have no interest in ? 
  because the government runs on love ? 
  government is dependent on its tax-payers , which happen to be same gay couples too . 
  meaning , gays pay taxes , therefore they have to have same legal status as straight people . 
  also , marriages do not cost for governments almost nothing ( when there are no children involved ) , except for simplified inheritance , small things like hospital visiting rights and whatnot . 
  so , any argument why should these things be denied for gay people ? 
   it 's a legal concept , civil institution  great . 
  you are contradicting yourself . 
  so is it a word or a civil institution ? 
  if it is a civil institution , then providing such an institution for straight people , but banning for gay people is discriminatory . 
   i do n't really oppose those marriage-like civil institutions for people whose preferences lie outside the definition of marriage . 
  marriage is civil institution . 
  marriage-like civil institution ( civil union or something ) in many places lack some * legal * aspects of marriage , which should be available to gay people too . 
  it 's not about wording , it 's about same rights . 
  if however , in some jurisdictions it is about wording - meaning civil unions have * exactly * the same powers as marriage , but they do n't call them marriage because some people might not like because of their stubbornness ( or any other reasons which contradict logic ) , then it should be changed as well , and that 's what i am advocating for . 
  i kinda understand where you are coming from , and what is your main point , i just find it ridiculous and laughable . 
   and that has what to do with anything ? 
   well , exactly . 
  what 's `` exactly '' ? 
  so since \u017de\u010dpospolita did not have legal ban on inter-racial marriages we are off the hook to have discriminatory laws now ? 
  or are you saying that if it did n't happen in poland it did n't happen at all ? 
  what i am saying is that there have been social concepts/traditions/laws in history of the man kind which we changed as our civilization progressed . 
   discriminatory exactly how ? 
  it 's just a word . 
  it 's a legal concept , civil institution . 
   neither of the laws ever existed in poland ... and that has what to do with anything ? 
   jackdaw is a crow . 
  it 's absurd to call crows `` crows '' , and forbid jackdaws from also being called `` crows '' . 
  you win , i concede . 
  no to gay marriage !, 
  there are ways how gay people can raise civilized people , future tax-payers . 
  also , what is the actual argument here ? 
  we ca n't let gays call their unions marriage because government does not have particular interest in it ? 
   legally sanctioned union of a man and a woman . 
  and we think it 's discriminatory and should be changed . 
  just as previously only-same-race marriages were changed , just as only-white-men-can-vote rule was changed . 
   many people do see benefits in having the death penalty in a legal system ( to go with the `` disproportional comparison '' card you seem to be fond of ) . 
  argumentum ad populum does n't really mean anything . 
  it depends on the society . 
  in most places of the world argumentum ad populum is against such marriages ( including yours , the polish one ) . 
   using the word `` marriage '' to describe marriage-like civil unions marriage is civil union . 
  it 's absurd to let straight people call it marriage and forbid for gay people to do so . 
   i wonder whether you really have such serious problems with reading comprehension . 
  must be from all the gay propaganda that washed my brain . 
   to sum up , gay marriage is not a marriage according to the original definition of the word `` marriage '' . 
  what is then , according to you , the original definition of the word marriage ? 
   i just do n't really see any benefit in artifically and incorrectly trying to enforce the usage of the word `` marriage '' to describe them . 
  many people do see . 
  do you see any negatives in it though ?
