  wrong again . 
  but it 's ok , keep embarrassing yourself , and keep showing your ignorance and lack of knowledge , it 's easier to show others how full of shit your vatnik head is . 
  got the latvian joke !, 
  took me a while though . 
  who the hell are litvians ? 
  also ,  99 % of estonians , latvians and litvians speak russian , and , vice versa what does that mean ? 
   as for comparing with mass immigration it was not mass immigration , it was population resettlement and settlement of occupied territory , which is against the geneva convention and basically a war crime . 
  sure thing moron . 
  should i appear now within an hour in kfc to meet your fat ass ? 
  the sheer stupidity of yours is truly mindblowing . 
  says world is not black and white while quoting himself kremlin propaganda , and believing that lithuanians for some reason should act negatively towards russian-speakers . 
  such a dumb clown you are , i sometimes wonder how the likes of you do n't forget how to breathe or eat . 
  sure fatty , will be here right away . 
  you can even order your fifth meal while waiting . 
  oh you again . 
  wan na meet up for a beer ? 
  i ` ll show you the hospitality for putin apologists we have . 
  yeah , i 'm tired of it too . 
  it 's just i was a bit behind on my weekly quota of bashing russia . 
  same as from the russian news . 
  fantasies and fiction . 
  part of finland was though . 
  he was saying that in europe the secular law should be followed , ant not some religious beliefs . 
  if somebody has the problem with it , he is free to leave . 
  how 's that racist or insulting ? 
  you did n't provide not a single point either , just insulted the op . 
  what makes you think i want to discuss anything with a braindead moron like you ? 
   who was them again , this time ? 
  idiots like you . 
  nationality or religious beliefs do not matter , it 's the lack of brainpower is your shared quality . 
  have n't heard those in 20 years . 
  are you from 90s ? 
  when i read phrases like this , i almost can smell the inferiority complex . 
  alright , do n't see the reason to prolong this discussion , we basically are saying the same thing . 
  i might even start calling eesti nordic from this very moment ... not that it will change the reality sadly . 
  whatever the dreams it does n't change the reality , so not really sure why you are arguing . 
  yeah , i understand what you are saying , and i understand that it is all fun and games . 
  it 's just i saw the dude with us flair saying `` eesti is pratically nordic '' , and wanted to find out what he meant by that . 
  cause actually right now eesti has way more in common with not only balts , but also with other eastern eu countries like slovakia or poland , than with anyone in nordics . 
  yeah , these are `` fun '' reasons , but where are the real ones ? 
   we share a lot of our views with other nordic countries what views are these ? 
  they are socialists , you are liberals . 
  that 's practically the exact opposites of social systems . 
  tough shit . 
  the more of them die , the less there will be to invade other territories . 
  which is ? 
  assuming you are not joking here , wan na share your thoughts on in what sense they `` are basically nordic '' ? 
  i get that you are a moron , but this is special kind of moron statement right there . 
  i 'm all for individual 's rights and all that , but the argument you use could be also used to support the argument that drunk driving should not be banned , and education should be used instead . 
  the title should read : who do you like better : estonia , latvia or lithuania , and why is it estonia ? 
  why do you want to hit this man ? 
  same here . 
  anyone with an idea where from this superstition came from ? 
  you mean those who ca n't hold their liqueur for shit , and piss every 10 meters , like some animals ? 
  dunno bro , they said fight , and you just defend . 
  where are your insults towards vilnius or something ? 
  well if you did n't intend to troll , then you are half-braindead or something . 
   the best nightlife you mean highest amount of call girls , who trick people into paying ? 
  or highest amount of street con girls , who lure dudes into bars to buy them drinks costing 500 $ ? 
  yeah , sure , ryga wins then . 
  wtf is this ? 
  why everyone in this thread is answering seriously to this joke of the post ? 
  my answer : yeah ok , leave , as soon as better . 
  i know . 
  beautiful song though . 
  i do n't think we have marches actually . 
  every military song is sad as fuck , related to tragic nature of partisans or soldiers in general . 
  like [ this one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kt1gqireqbs ) , where lyrics go something like `` my brother rode off to fight , he promised to comeback , but he does n't , oh brother brother , i 'm still waiting , where are you '' ? 
  something folk style would be [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wabyqxor4do ) , also about a brother who does n't come back . 
  [ this one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ikqud0dzq4a ) is actually quite joyful ... in a sense ... it 's from a genre called `` cruel romance '' , which became widely popular in lithuania after the wwi . 
  the story goes , that dude went to fight in a front , and left his wife at home . 
  at some point he wrote her telling his legs and arms got blown off , and asked her if she 'll still love him . 
  she however betrayed him , so when he came back alive and healthy ( the letter was just a joke ) and found that out , he beheaded her . 
  the moral of the story - if you love someone , you have to love forever . 
  such is life . 
  edit : additional sentence . 
  or [ unbekannter soldat ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yps8jsxgaru ) ... 
  you know the answer . 
  world is scary . 
  i 'm just trolling this guy , cause he 's full of shit . 
  and how do you become the guy who does n't need to prove anything ? 
  by proving you can do literally everything . 
  to send a message . 
   gee , i wonder why these people have minimal support . 
  cause they speak truth which russians do n't want to have nothing in common with , as it was throughout the history . 
   i rather liked an op-ed by the estonian political scientist and russia-specialist karmo t\u00fc\u00fcr where he asked whether putin could be held to blame . 
  the answer was yes and no . 
  no , it seems unlikely that putin or anyone in his near circle ordered the execution . 
  however , he is directly to blame , along with his political technologists surkov , markov and countless others , for creating an atmosphere wherein ideas and groups that would find reason for such killings ( nashi , antimaidan , anti-orange coucil , etc ) to thrive . 
  that 's literally what i said . 
  or at least tried to say . 
   my point is that perhaps even more than the man himself , blame lies with what they call `` collective putin '' it 's called putinism . 
  dead oppositioner lying on the street is proof . 
  do i not express myself well enough , or have n't you read what i said ? 
  i am not claiming putin pulled the trigger , i am saying that he is responsible for his death at the very least for creating such a hazardous atmosphere in russia . 
  what i 'm saying we do n't need no proof . 
  regardless of who did what , putin is responsible for it . 
  cause i want to debunk this common myth - putin has nothing to gain / opposition has something to gain . 
  both are fallacious statements . 
  opposition does not gain a single fuck here .
