  what it has to do with ussr and free housing though ? 
   this is how i know you are indoctrinated on one side as you simply chose to cut yourself off from alternative commentary that challenges your own perception of events . 
  blabbing of a delusional man is not a challenge of perception or an alternative opinion , it 's just that - man hallucinating . 
  so yeah , go ahead and tell me , what did rt say about the land prices in lithuania after we joined the eu ? 
  i will not browse through all that filth in your comment history , there are more productive things for a sane person to do . 
  however what i remember from our last interaction , you could elaborate on how communists in ussr were giving away free houses for everyone . 
  i guess i could profit from a little laugh . 
  just open your comment history buddy . 
  you are practically citing rt and stuff , and then you talk how one should think critically and how westerners are brainwashed . 
  you are as delusional as a typical vatnik in murmansk drinking vodka , wearing track suit , and glorifying putin and blaming us for bumpy rodes and corrupt police . 
   most people on both sides are so damm easy to brainwash and i ca n't help all of them to critically think for themselves . 
  well first of all you should start critically thinking yourself . 
  the brainwash you swallowed is truly scary , not really sure there 's much to wash anymore . 
   some asshole with latent psychological problems more insults eh . 
  how does it feel to be the one who 's always right , sane , and `` normal '' , while others who disagree with you are assholes , neurotics and perverts ? 
  though not really sure what you wanted to say with this post . 
  well , if you just wanted to share scenes of nude children in movies , have you heard about pretty baby ? 
  many scenes like [ this ] ( http://culturacolectiva.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/richard_prince_spiritual_america_brook_sheilds_pas_un_autre_ohwow_too_young_2.jpeg ) ( nsfw ? ) . 
  nobody banned it , but nobody makes films like these anymore too . 
  but you are saying we should if we want to ? 
  it 's not about paranoia or religion or whatever . 
  it 's about that kids do not have ability to understand if they want to have their nude photos in public or not . 
  you may argue that nude body is not a big deal , and it should n't be something special , but the fact is , it is still not a regular thing to do to post your nude pics publicly in every western society ( despite some percentage of people doing it freely ) . 
  lol . 
  you know shit where i come from . 
  but you call me pervert and neurotic already , so do n't really see point of prolonging this discussion . 
  are you saying it 's ok to put photos of nude kids in public ? 
  that explains quite a lot . 
  i bet that johannsson who scored for us is a swede . 
  i wonder how 's this sub still on the sidebar here on / r/europe , with `` in-depth '' next to it . 
  dey took r jobs ? 
   `` how can i boost my gdp when we give everyone free houses '' / communist problems so naive and so gullible . 
  i really start to think you have serious mental illness . 
  why in hell subtitles are in dutch ? 
  just started pushkin - dubrovsky . 
  it was free in android market , so downloaded it . 
  seriously though , can anyone recommend ebook app for android ? 
  have n't read ebooks before , not sure what to look for . 
  honestly though ca n't complain about the default one so far ( google play books ) . 
  i do n't like it . 
  sends the wrong message imho . 
  it 's on the par with infamous ukrainian and austrian ads . 
  army should not be about `` i 'm cool , everyone is afraid of me , i can act aggressively in society and get away with it , cause i 'm in the army '' . 
   how much influence will he be able to exert on its reporting ? 
  i guess everything reported from ukraine will have a pro-kremlin spin somewhere . 
  just as the russian office has . 
  otherwise it should n't affect reporting from other countries too much i reckon . 
  it was a party game , called `` snort a line of cocaine '' . 
  will you or will you not answer , how 's sending in 10 policemen is paranoia ? 
  i will repeat it one last time : what was not routine was additional 10 officers . 
  everything else was routine . 
  if you just straight out refuse to accept this fact it 's your problem , not mine . 
   do you really think that the russian army will invade lithuania by boarding trains ? 
  to send in some polite green men to start ruckus in some town ? 
  maybe . 
   their reaction on a tip off seems disproportionate so what would have been appropriate reaction ? 
  you have hostile neighbour , which is known for smuggling in polite green men before into the neigbhouring countries , and you get info , that there are quite some number of conscripts on the train going through your country . 
  even if we forget this fact , there are agreements between russia and lithuania about traveling military personnel , and some officers have been caught in the past , when they were traveling in groups and not identifying themselves properly , as it is agreed in the treaty . 
  so , knowing that , what do you do , if you are chief of police or whatever ? 
   whole controversy about this border : what has russia 's economical warfare and lithuania 's refusal to let in soviet symbolic has to do with this incident ? 
   little green men disguised as students i imagine no , they were navy academy students . 
  will you answer already , how 's sending in few additional policemen to inspect the train is paranoia ? 
  it was a regular routine . 
  except to ensure safety dozen or so additional cops were sent . 
  so ... how 's that paranoia ? 
  so they should n't have reacted ? 
   they only found out students ... students of naval academy ... 
  lol no , why would it be ? 
  it was a regular routine . 
  where did you get the whole army part though ? 
  again , how 's that paranoia ? 
  and how do you find out if they have ids ? 
  by not checking them ? 
  they had info that conscripts are crossing , they sent some additional units to do the inspection . 
  so where 's the paranoia here ? 
   border checks are usual business , why is it specially required here then ? 
   that 's not paranoia !? 
  are you saying it is paranoia , to inspect the conscripts crossing through your land ? 
   requires !? 
  can you elaborate ? 
  elaborate on what , on border checks ? 
  what 's the point of your post ? 
  what has it to do with eu per se ? 
  cultural difference will be there no matter what . 
  the language barrier also . 
  or is your suggestion not to communicate at all ? 
  economically not the eu is the disaster , and not even the euro , there are many different kind of problems which would have been there in any case . 
  having euro took away one of the possible solutions ( which is not pretty for the population either , it 's not some magic ) , but it provided other solutions . 
  what do german roads have to do here with anything i 'm not even gon na speculate . 
  as for eu army , it would n't appear out of nowhere , it would still be the same national armies combined or whatever , how 's that an alternative to nato ( meaning us support ) beats me . 
   i 'm not anti-eu like i said , but i am very skeptical . 
  so , like , what now ? 
  are you suggesting to disband eu , so that all problems would disappear ( as if ) ? 
  or are you just sad that eu integration is n't going faster ? 
  either way , as i said , do n't see any sense in your post , other than just some rant in line with [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/91sn32q.jpg?fb ) . 
  i 've noticed this from my personal experience , though it would be interesting to know what is the scientific explanation for this phenomenon . 
  for cia to control people . 
   though it 's amazing how putin knew this was going to happen as soon as yanukovych left yanukovich ( when he was still in power ) was complaining to european leaders , that putin threatens to annex crimea , if he signs the agreement with eu . 
  it is a national currency . 
  pretty cool .
