  but why do you think so ? 
  where 's your reasoning ? 
  they 're here to make profits , as much as possible . 
  if they know that consumer buys that product x for $ 3.63 , why in their right mind would they start charging for it $ 3.00 ? 
  they will still sell it for $ 3.63 , only now they will make `` profit '' not $ 0.50 , rather $ 1.13 . 
  obviously it 's extremely simplified example , since there are dozens of other factors at play , but it seems to me you do n't get the very basics . 
   except the laws that are in place to protect against artificial price inflation . 
  there are no such laws , what exactly are you referring to ? 
  competition will drive prices down , the more competition the lower the prices . 
  vat has nothing to do with that tho . 
   unless you mean why would n't all the markets collude and keep selling at the same huge profits margins . 
  are you saying they 're colluding now , and will stop colluding after vat is lowered ? 
  again , competition has nothing to do with vat . 
   why would they keep profit margins the same ? 
  with lower vat they will not keep the profit margins the same , they will have higher profit margins . 
  i ask you again . 
  x sells for $ 5 with 20 % . 
  suddenly vat is lowered to 5 % . 
  why would either of the chains lower the price accordingly , if they all know the consumer will still pay $ 5 for the x ? 
  if you say `` competition '' - then again - competition is here no matter what the vat is , any of the chains can lower price at any time . 
  why would they keep the same profit margins , if they can sell the same shit for the same price , only paying less taxes ? 
   vat is added after everyone has already made profit . 
  what does that even mean ? 
  and why should they lower ? 
  the consumer will still pay $ 5 . 
  vat and competition are two totally different things that have practically no correlation . 
  in the end the seller will ask the price that consumer will be able to pay . 
  if consumer pays $ 5 for x with vat being 20 % , why should the seller ask lower price when vat is lowered to 5 % ? 
   they 're paying for their food in chain stores more than you do . 
  twice or even three times . 
  what kind of drugs are you taking , seriously ? 
   i still do n't understand why food prices sky rocketed after transition from lit currency to euro . 
  they did n't , where did you get that from ? 
  lol what ? 
  vat practically does n't influence the price for the consumer . 
  the hype is unreal . 
  every day on every news site for the past 6-12 months there were at least 1-2 `` news '' stories about what lidl will bring , what to expect , what kind of prices there will be , etc etc etc. 
  every social circle i am in has talked about lidl in the past week . 
  i have never seen such a hype for a brand name in lithuania . 
  ubisoft is not really loved by the gaming community . 
  on the other hand they hate practically every major developer , so all good i guess . 
  do n't you wish it stayed that way ? 
  also they lynch negroes in us . 
  whataboutism at its best . 
  never change . 
  you mean the one which is attacking its neighbors in xxi century ? 
  i wonder why . 
  if you know israel has been a part of the contest since the beginning of the days , if you are aware of political situation , why then even raise such a question , if you already know all the answers ? 
  is israel being in the contest raise problems for you ? 
  what kind ? 
  originated during ussr times , might be from prison culture , native lithuanians started calling vilnius residents `` portuguese '' mostly because many of us spoke mainly russian/polish ( as in - `` some gibberish language from far-away place '' ) , might have been some racial meaning behind it , since immigrants from uzbekistan , kazakhstan were not as `` white-skinned '' as locals . 
  now mostly used just as an insulting slang name towards vilnius residents without racial connotations , mostly by sport club fans . 
  local basketball fans however embrace the name . 
  dog goes `` au '' , cat goes `` miau '' , rooster goes `` kakariek\u016b '' , and cow goes `` m\u016b '' . 
  not sure what the fox say . 
   if anything , then you are a person , who cares quite a bit ... well , you got me there . 
  i do care to insult little bitches like you . 
  that what makes it fun for me . 
  but seriously , you do n't even get how dumb you sound , do you ? 
  you yourself admit  common meaning of the word is a lack of belief in deity or deities . 
  period . 
    yeah , with that i agree with . 
  so unless you argue that soviets did have deities to believe in , then you do n't and ca n't have a point . 
  i mean i get where you 're coming from , you want to convince everyone that all the shit the soviets did was not in the name of atheism . 
  but you sound like all the sheep out there , ` beeeh , shiism is not the true islam , sunism is , beeeh ' . 
  the reason why no one can talk like that about atheism ( as in - this is ` true ' atheism , this is ` skewed version ' ) , is because , - again and again - , atheism is not a belief system that can be framed , purified , and so on . 
  atheism is a simple acknowledgement of a true/false statement , whether one believes in some deities , or not . 
  now , there are atheists who do subscribe to certain belief systems , like non-religious budhists , or those who for certain claim , that no god exists , and still all of them are atheists first . 
  so whatever ` version ' the soviets had , they still were atheists , and social policies were influenced by that , among other things , just like in every damn country in this world . 
   it does n't matter one bit , what were the intentions , reasons , what were the methods , aggressiveness and all that jazz . 
    it does n't ? 
  wth ... why would it matter ? 
  it seems to me that you have read some books , but not fully understood the meaning . 
  it does n't matter one bit , what were the intentions , reasons , what were the methods , aggressiveness and all that jazz . 
  what they were , was atheists , what the state-policy was , was a-theistic ( lack of belief in deities ) , and that is all what matters . 
  you trying to use terms like ` true atheism ' is cute but dumb as fuck . 
   ironic because it 's you , who sounds like a 12-year old ... yeah , see how it goes ? 
  you 're a kid who 's trying to sound smart , and i 'm a grown-up who does n't care , and still i 'm the one who makes sense . 
  it was fun till it lasted , but enough is enough , an ignore for you kiddo . 
  there is no ` true atheism ' , there is no ` idea of atheism ' , atheism is not a ` belief system ' , there is nothing to compare , because things are incomparable . 
  if you believe otherwise , then either you go and open whichever dictionary and educate yourself , either you are as lunatic as all the believers , who refuse to accept facts . 
  from another post of yours :  i did not say that they were n't atheists , i said that their idea of atheism is incomparable with the common meaning of the word !, 
  common meaning of the word is a lack of belief in deity or deities . 
  period . 
  soviets secretly believed in god , gotchya . 
  thanks for educating me . 
  i care little for atheism too , because there 's nothing to care about . 
  it 's not a cult , nor a belief system . 
  read the hell up , ffs . 
   their idea was to get rid of religion which they saw as a potential threat in organizing the people against the regime . 
  one of . 
  another was , that they saw christianity as a monarchy instrument . 
  and yet another was , ** because they did not believe in god , and were atheists . 
  ** what the fuck are you arguing , kiddo ? 
  i 'm a liberal atheist since i can remember myself . 
  i just dislike your arguments which contradict the reality , that 's all . 
   soviet idea of atheism with actual atheism how stupid are you ? 
  serious question . 
  do you have brain damage or something ? 
   vulgarities and ad personam are really not necessary in discussion .
