   whatever you call them , rail baltic i and ii are absolutely separate projects . 
  i am talking about the 240 km/h double track one . 
  the 160 km/h will not reach latvia/estonia . 
  so now you accept the existence of rail baltic i ? 
  cause just few post ago you said there was no such thing . 
  that 's why i call you living in a dreamland . 
  your posts sound more like 14yo 's wishful thinking than actual understanding of the subject . 
  where do you get your information may i ask ? 
  cause sure as hell it does n't sound like you have anything in common with rail transport . 
   nope , still not true . 
  there were talks about taking kaunas out of the project . 
  and yes , estonians did n't like that lithuanians are adding some random project to rail baltic - making it more expensive and difficult -  more difficult to get money from eu . 
  finally it was decided by eu that vilnius can be added to the project , but not to the original rail baltic . 
  which means estonians were right . 
  yes , there was talks about cutting kaunas out . 
  because what was agreed 10 or so years ago by the governments was to include all the capitals into the railbaltic network . 
  last year estonians starts demanding cutting vilnius out completely cause the time and the price is the factor , deadlines are near ( to get the eu money ) , and so on . 
  however , thankfully we agreed to build kaunas-vilnius branch in the distant future and not to delay the actual project anymore . 
   nope , nobody here even mentions anything like that . 
  this is a lithuanian-only project that is not even considered here . 
  we talk about a high-speed network here . 
  again , what exactly do you mean by that ? 
  are you suggesting someone will build another route from kaunas to poland with 240km/h and double tracks ? 
  you are really delusional then . 
  do n't even know what to answer exactly , just another example of 14yo 's wishful thinking . 
   official documents in lithuania ? 
  definitely not here . 
  official eu documents . 
  just use google ffs . 
  you are denying what is absolutely black on white all over the internet . 
  do n't act like some russian propaganda troll . 
   and again , lithuanian superiority complex kicks out . 
  for god 's sake , this is a cooperation project , not `` who 's got bigger '' contest . 
  remember visaginas npp ? 
  we were supposed to build a new nuclear reactor to lithuania so you 'd be energy independent . 
  whoops , lithuania ruined that and you have to import 3/4 of your energy . 
  want same things to happen again ? 
  how dafaq did you get to that ? 
  lithuanian superiority and complex in the same sentence ? 
  you are truly hallucinating dude . 
   remember visaginas npp ? 
  what exactly about it ? 
  it was denied by referendum by popular vote by lithuanian citizens . 
  what exactly has it to do with anything ? 
  man you are seriously fucked up in the head . 
  get your facts straight . 
   want same things to happen again ? 
  as i said , we do n't really care about the connecting ourselves to the latvia and estonia by rail . 
  cause we already have that connection using russian gauge and no one is using that , because there are a lot of disagreement between lithuanian rail company and latvian rail company . 
  i could go in deeply into that but clearly there 's no point to do that while you are still using some delfi-like rhetoric . 
  again , you are talking rubbish . 
  reading delfi much ? 
  the purpose of railbaltic is not to connect baltic countries with each other , rather to connect baltic region to the western europe . 
  that 's why railbaltic i is being built in poland and lithuania . 
  poland is upgrading current rail network , because infrastructure nowadays allows only 80km/h speed or something in that range . 
  lithuania is building 160km/h gauge upto kaunas . 
  railbaltic ii is part of railbaltic project , however it is kinda separate , cause it needs cooperation of our 3 governments ( till this point estonia and latvia has not spent a single euro for railbaltic i project ) , that 's why there are talks of creating international corporation , etc. 
   rail baltic in estonia means double track high-speed railway connection from tallinn to polish border with top speed of 240km/h if by estonia you mean `` dreamland i live in '' then yeah . 
  in the real world no one will build that kind of network cause it 's just a waste of money , and if seriously some estonian government officials are pushing for it , it 's obvious why more practical lithuanians are not agreeing on that . 
   there already were problem that lithuania wanted to change their previous decision so it would go through vilnius instead of kaunas nope . 
  everything lithuania wanted was to include vilnius into the technical project as was agreed before by all the governments . 
  lithuanians wanted to build kaunas-vilnius branch simultaneously while building kaunas-panev\u0117\u017eys-tallinn , estonians wanted to remove vilnius altogether , which is obviously unreasonable since vilnius is kinda biggest city in lithuania , and capital too , if you forgot it . 
  anyways , now it was agreed to postpone kaunas-vilnius connection till the very end . 
   there will be no connection of kaunas-tallinn separately like the one currently being built in lithuania ( european gauge , single track , 160km/h ) . 
  kaunas will be the end of it . 
  do n't even know what you mean by that . 
  yes , now only poland-kaunas connection is being built . 
  after it is finished kaunas-tallinn should start , however it 's not looking very optimistic in the near future . 
   okay , it may be called rail baltic i in your country , but definitely not here . 
  it is called like that in official documents , check it out . 
  if you do n't even know that i am not surprised you are so misinformed and talking bs . 
   and why should it ? 
  how is connecting kaunas with poland anything to do with latvia or estonia ? 
  as i said , without connecting kaunas-poland you would n't have connection to western europe . 
  so it 's kinda important for estonia and latvia ... do n't you think so ? 
  also , while we will have connection to europe in 1,5 years tops , why should we hurry about connecting latvia and estonia ? 
  yeah , it would be beneficial for us too , however it 's your problem to push it , and not ours . 
  it 's kinda understandable . 
  you are talking rubbish . 
  do n't know where you get your data , but everything you said is just not true . 
  there are two railbaltic projects . 
  railbaltic i is connecting pl-kanas . 
  railbaltic ii is connecting kaunas-tallinn . 
  no one will build two connections two poland , and no one will build network of 240km/h . 
  do n't know in what kind of dreamland are you living in . 
  we are intensively building the european gauge from the pl border to kaunas and it should be ready by the end of 2015 or early 2016 . 
  kaunas-latvia is another question , let 's hope it will be done in 10 years . 
  well . . not exactly . 
  when they were removed from the streets they were treated like garbage . 
  some did end up in someone 's backyard or a cattle-shed , garage etc. 
  only ten years later the park was created by this businessman , who acquired these items either for free or not . 
  and till this day this park causes controversy as some of the victims of soviet regime claim it 's there to celebrate soviet times . 
  they are saying ukrainians are planning to attack the convoy ( when they let it through ) , and blame the attack itself on the separatists . 
  thank god separatists saw that through and caught saboteurs who 's mission was to plant mines all over the road / s, 
  i provided russia 's fm official statement which practically quotes the separatists and blames ukrainian army for `` not letting so needed help for the people to come through , organizing provocations , and getting ready to kill the civilians who are driving the humanitarian convoy '' in my post . 
  what i meant by the title of the thread which not directly quoted the article itself , is that russia on the official capacity is doing exactly that what everyone was suspecting all along . 
  this convoy is just a pretext to blame ukrainians for harming humanitarian convoy and ( ? ), 
  to go through with `` piecekeeping '' plan . 
  not exactly sure what you mean . 
  statues were removed from the streets in early 90s .
