   huh ? 
  you do know how railways work , do n't you ? 
  by up to 240km/h it means that such speed can be achieved only in long straight uninhabited strechtes with proper signalisation and conditions , but not in curves and inhabited areas . 
  do you tho ? 
  you started talking rubbish from your first post telling how we should build 240km/h rail network . 
  straight lines , strong banks , bridges , tunnels , resettlement of population . 
  and that 's what i told you from the beginning - it 's not gon na happen . 
  how old are you may i ask you ? 
   the document also stresses the importance of building a new 1,435-millimeter gauge railway section tallinn -- parnu -- riga -- paneve\u017eys -- kaunas as well as to the lithuanian-polish border with the highest possible speed of 240 km/h . 
  sure . 
  `` discounts upto 70 % ! '' . 
  `` our tooth paste destroys upto 100 % of microbes '' ^ ^ ^ * in ^ ^ ^ some ^ ^ ^ hypothetical ^ ^ ^ scenario ^ ^ ^ which ^ ^ ^ basically ^ ^ ^ does n't ^ ^ ^ happen . 
  that 's what i 'm talking about . 
  it 's just a basic pr stuff , and governments like to use it . 
  in reality no technical project like that will be approved because of high cost . 
  160km/h outdated ? 
  sure . 
  that 's better than nothing tho . 
  there are talks about building a metro in vilnius . 
  so what ? 
  not gon na happen . 
  you come here and state that what lithuanians are building now is not part of railbaltic , actual railbaltic will be 240km/h and it will connect all the cities of the project . 
  this is why i called you 14yo from the dreamland . 
  not gon na happen . 
  railbaltic i and railbaltic ii are official and widely used names , that 's why i feel being more informed than you , when you admitted you did n't even know these names existed . 
  then you denied that poland-kaunas connection is of importance to latvia and estonia and stated that this is not part of railbaltic . 
  in your most recent posts you plead us ( lithuanians ) to not to act like a-holes and let you connect to the europe . 
  you are not being very consistent . 
   vilnius was not included in the first project , it was added later . 
  why would i be against vilnius ? 
  more people - more users of rb . 
  adding vilnus at the last moment was very suspicious to estonia . 
  we can argue till we are both old , it was/it was n't . 
  i know for one that it was , in around 2007 , before the crisis . 
  it was agreed that vilnius should be the part of european gauge network , however everyone also kinda agreed and talked about that main route should go through kaunas and then to \u0160iauliai / panev\u0117\u017eys . 
  btw , panev\u0117\u017eys was decided not so long ago , iirc last summer . 
  about the 240km/h and what estonian wiki says ... what if i edit it know and change it to 360km/h ? 
  does it have any sources ? 
  there might have been some suggestions ( i remember reading them myself ) to have such a high speed , however realistically price is over the roof , and i can bet the cow i do n't have that max speed will be 160km/h . 
  maybe since you guys are so progressive and stuff in some parts of estonia it will reach 240 . 
  i can guarantee however this is not the case in lithuania and latvia . 
   does n't seem like that here . 
  it seems more like some lithuanian railway oligarchs are afraid to lose competitiveness and want rb to fail . 
  that way , lithuania is the only one who gets railway connection to central europe . 
  it 's not like if germany ca n't export to estonia through rb they will not export at all or will choose lithuania instead . 
  on the contrary , lithuania will gain the most because of being the transit country . 
  adding vilnius on the last minute ... is just a myth my dear . 
  it was always on the agenda . 
   but is there any reason i should believe otherwise ? 
  you are already accusing me of having illusions of some made up project , which is actually a real deal . 
  are you talking about 240km/h here ? 
  i encourage you to find who and then agreed on building double track network with capabilities of that speed . 
  if that 's a done deal should n't be so hard , should it . 
   i get my information from media . 
  should have started from that . 
   of course , you can say that official media channels lie and only you know the best , but that 's already your decision . 
  i would n't call them liars , however most often than not they are misinformed themselves , do not understand technical details , rely only on the word of politicians . 
  what strikes me the most how passionately you are discussing it and denying my words , like `` maybe it 's called railbaltic ii in your country but not in estonia '' and stuff . 
  so , to keep it short , misinformed delfi readers can downvote my posts as much as they want , i know the stuff i 'm talking about cause i 've been railfan myself since forever , and keep following the development of railbaltic since before it began . 
  that 's why i am not optimistic , seeing how much obstacles it has to overcome and how much delayed it was before . 
   i 've never denied the existence of `` rail baltic i '' , i just never agreed ( and still do n't ) with the name . 
  that 's your problem , not mine . 
  official eu documents talk about rbi pl-kaunas , rbii kaunas-tallinn ( helsinki ) . 
   rail baltic 's route was decided on national levels - that means lithuania decided it to go through kaunas . 
  not true . 
  everything till this point were only suggestions , calculations , propositions . 
  the only official agreement regarding the route that was reached i believe in 2007 by the governments was to include all three capitals in the network . 
  on a work-group level lithuanians wanted to include kaunas too , and there were discussions going how should it be done . 
  last year ( cause the time to get the project approved by eu was running out ) estonians said `` hurry up , cut vilnius out , lets go '' to what lithuanian government responded by `` fu , vilnius stays '' . 
  there were discussions about cutting kaunas out etc , and finally it was agreed on kaunas-panev\u0117\u017eys + branch to vilnius later on . 
  once again , info is from inside sources and not what media reports . 
   well , that 's the problem . 
  rail baltic should be 240km/h double track railway , but if lithuania is building something else already , i do n't see them actually wanting to build the high speed network too . 
  officially , lithuania is still going on with the project . 
  nowhere in the documents it is said that there should be 240km/h double track since it 's highly expensive and not very rationale . 
  right now everything is still in work-group and calculation stage . 
  if by `` rail baltic should be 240km/h double track railway '' you mean `` i wish rail baltic to be 240km/h double track railway '' than it 's understandable . 
  i wish so too . 
  however , it 's only wishful thinking and personally i do not see that happening . 
   sorry if you got offended , but really , the fact that you have border with poland , and estonia/latvia do n't , does n't give you the excuse to block your neighbours ' projects . 
  no one is blocking nothing . 
  lithuanian rail company obviously wants to build it , government wants to build it , society wants it too . 
  if your media reports otherwise then i guess we are boogiemonsters of estonia , the evil cousin who does n't let estonians to evolve then so be it . 
  what i am saying , that lithuania wants to build the network ( free european money for builders , railworkers , etc ) , but it 's not the life-or-death question for us , and it 's significantly more important to you guys . 
   i 'm saying that cooperation and lithuania just do n't seem to work out . 
  you understand that estonia and latvia had also their interest in the project as we funded a large part of it ? 
  just cancelling it out of the blue is n't something a good partner does . 
  just in your previous post you suggested that we stalled or something , and you ( estonia ) punished us and now we are losers who have to import our energy . 
  now you are saying that we canceled it out of blue . 
  once again , if your media portrays lithuania as evil cousin so be it , but the fact is that our politicians did say that firstly they need approval by the popular vote to go through with it . 
   oh , and here should i understand that yet again , lithuania is unable to cooperate with latvia ? 
  as i said , there are quite a few sides to the story . 
  main thing is lithuania/latvian rail companies are competing since independence ( and even before ) , on who 's gets to transport belarusian and russian stuff from the klaip\u0117da / riga ports etc. 
  both companies are punishing each other with massive fees for using the infrastructure etc. 
  as a railfan i am very displeased with the situation , however i doubt that it has anything to do with your chauvinistic accusations about not being able to trust lithuanians or something in that light . 
   sorry , but how are you going to connect baltic region to * central europe without connecting them first ? 
  you know , lithuania alone does n't make up baltic region . 
  lithuania do not have burning desire to be connected by high-speed european gauge rail network with latvia and estonia . 
  what actually matters is to be connected to western europe . 
  so yeah , while i agree that every country should work on this together , to say that all countries should be connected with each other first and only then to build a connection to poland is ridiculous .
