  some of them yeah , a few i know have started businesses in lithuania . 
  most turks i met were only `` visiting '' lithuania as erasmus students tho . 
   it is at war with its own citizens , for fuck 's sake . 
  have you forgotten that ? 
  just as serbs some 20 years ago . 
  what of it ? 
   what you meant is that the intersection of europe and turkey is not zero , which is not the same well i said a few posts ago , i consider turkey to be european as well as middle-eastern . 
   the critical part being `` following ptolemy '' , which lived around the birth of christ . 
  so it 's not a recent invention , not at all . 
  alright then , i guess i have to concede . 
  there was a strict divide . 
  i am still not entirely convinced it was followed like that , or that it meant as much as it does now ( at least in regards to our topic ) throughout the years , nonetheless you are right . 
  in any case , the shared history , similarities , common installed values do not go away . 
  i am not sure i would be making my case about ` turks are european ' if the ataturk 's reforms have not had taken place , and who knows , maybe in 20 years of more erdogan they indeed will drift apart so much , and will indeed be more similar with saudis . 
  however as of right now - i know a great amount of turks , and most of them do not differ a bit from a median `` true '' european . 
  i 've watched them play and compete basketball in european leagues , championships since my childhood . 
  to me the concept of them being ` not europeans ' because `` only 4 % of their country is in europe '' is something completely foreign . 
   you keep bringing up the geographic location when it suits your argument , and ignoring it when it does n't . 
  if your criteria of being european is actually being inside europe , then turkey is 95 % not european . 
  what i am claiming is that being in europe is a broad definition . 
  you can not rely strictly on political criteria , since you would have to scrape belarus from the continent . 
  you can not rely on religion since bosnia should then be ejected . 
  technically speaking turkey is in europe , since 4 % of its landmass is here , and being technically right is the best kind of right . 
  in addition to that , we have a common history with turkey and turkish people , and in many cases the common history of `` 100 % european countries '' with turkey is much more common than with other `` 100 % european countries '' . 
   well obviously it was there as a geographical divide since forever . 
    and geographical divide which is kinda recent invention ,    which is it now ? 
  recent or forever ? 
  please pay attention if you want me to take you seriously . 
  please try to understand what i 'm saying if you want me to take you seriously . 
  it 's not hard . 
  the geographical divide was there since forever , but it never meant a divide between europe and asia . 
  this kind of divide was invented only during last century i think , you may correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  i pressed `` post '' to quickly on my previous post , continuing here :  google `` bosphorus '' , then tell me again how the division europe/asia is a recent invention well obviously it was there as a geographical divide since forever . 
  it did n't mean the divide between europe/asia tho . 
  and no greek ever thought , `` oh you know what - those guys on the other side of bosphorus are not europeans , but those vikings from scandinavian peninsula definitely are '' . 
  the same applies for goths or whatever . 
   if you meet some turkish grandma with a scarf you might not call her european , just as you probably would n't a greek grandma , or even a lithuanian   that depends on a lot of things and can not be generalised ... a greek or lithuanian , yes i would my point is you would n't recognize who is who necessarily . 
  maybe you could say that a lithuanian grandma looks more whiteish , but only because her skin . 
  you would not separate a greek and a turkish grandmas . 
   the intersection of aub and auc may be an empty set . 
  i am certain it will not be empty in this example , but i do get your point . 
  in any case , my point was that `` food '' criteria is not very useful . 
   democracy and rule of law ( constitutionality ) are critical to being european , as is respecting human rights . 
  no it 's not . 
  again , belarus . 
  i mean , you could try to convince me that they are asians ( or what have you ) because they do not have proper democracy , but it 's just ludicrous . 
  they are in europe , they are europeans , and yet they do not have the same respect for human rights as the eu members do . 
   that 's why i asked - is belarus in europe ? 
  because they do n't have democracy by a long shot . 
    that 's why i answered `` kind of '' ... 
  there 's absolutely no `` kind of '' , and there ca n't be in this example . 
  whether they are , whether they are not . 
  and we open the map , and we see that they are . 
  they are practically in the middle of europe , they even have some geographical center of europe by some calculations . 
   is bosnia in europe ? 
  because most of the people there are muslims . 
    yes , they are in europe . 
  do you have a problem with muslims ? 
  do you ? 
  because you stated that a `` requirement '' for qualifying as an european is to be `` secular or christian '' . 
   not at all . 
  private space is the distance you keep between your body and the body of an unknown person at all times . 
  in hong kong this may be 30 centimetres before it gets uncomfortable , in finland this may be 2 metres . 
  that is true . 
  what is the distance kept in switzerland ? 
  does it differ throughout the cantons ? 
  what 's the distance in spain ? 
  that europe is diverse . 
  you talk how you share cuisine with finns , but i bet you do n't know half the dishes finns eat . 
  on the other side there are greeks who share much more cuisine with turks than with swiss or belgians . 
  issues regarding human rights , religions , whether the country is social democracy or not ( what does it mean btw ? 
  germany is governed by a right wing party for example ) , do not have any bearing to whether the country is in europe or not . 
  that 's why i asked - is belarus in europe ? 
  because they do n't have democracy by a long shot . 
  is bosnia in europe ? 
  because most of the people there are muslims . 
  and then it goes the same with canadians , uruguayans , australians , even hong kong . 
  they have a rule of law , they are proper democracies , they are secular or mostly non-practising christians , their understanding of `` private space '' is the same ( tho i 'm not sure what you meant by that - whether a government 's attitude towards its citizens , whether socially accepted communication norms between people , because if it 's the latter , i really doubt you would make that claim after visiting finland for instance ) . 
  so , back to the original question , are turks europeans ? 
  for me without a doubt yes , yes they are . 
  i look at it in a very simple way - turks have been influencing europe throughout the centuries , through wars , through trade , exchanging cultures , people , etc. 
  we 've been doing all kinds of shenanigans together , european scientists , artists always considered turks `` part of the family '' , and geographical divide which is kinda recent invention , did not play a role in all that . 
  and may i remind you , part of turkey is indeed in europe . 
  in other words , turkey is diverse , just as europe is , and if you meet some turkish grandma with a scarf you might not call her european , just as you probably would n't a greek grandma , or even a lithuanian . 
  if you meet a devoted turkish muslim , you probably would not want to call him european , just as you would think twice before calling a bosnian muslim european . 
  nonetheless because of history , because of geography , they are indeed europeans . 
  is turkey europe ? 
  yes . 
  is turkey middle-east ? 
  yes . 
  turkey is both . 
  and it 's nothing extraordinary , considering that europe always been like that - very diverse , and in no way strictly defined . 
  wait what ? 
  belorussians are only `` kind of europeans '' , and it depends on the government ? 
   uruguayans : they 're as european as the canadians ( you might want to check which continents those two are on ) do you want to check europe 's map again to see where belarus is ? 
  what about bosnians , i suspect they are not europeans too because of the religion ? 
  it just shows how artificial your `` requirements '' to be europeans are . 
  are canadians europeans ? 
  what about belorussians ? 
  what shared identity do you have with finns ?
