  so to sum up gay marriage ca n't be marriage because they ca n't reproduce ? 
  he must be troll . 
  ^ ^ i ^ ^ hope, 
  missed your point then . 
  so you want marriage to stay exclusively between man and woman because ? 
  well first of all marriage is a civil institution in many countries , and you can get married without church getting involved in any way , and these marriages do not have anything to do with religion and whatnot . 
  so how come church must have a say in what is and what is not marriage , if many people do not care at all what 's the definition of marriage in the heads of some christians ? 
  also , again , if there are christian churches that do marry gays , what 's the problem then ? 
  or is it that we have to pay attention only to what catholic church says ? 
  i 'm not sure if you are serious or is it irony ... but i will play along for now . 
  what does bible say about beating your slave ? 
  so what if christian churches let them marry , are these churches attacking christianity too ? 
   they just want to ruin tradition . 
  i 'm so sick of these tradition ruinners !, 
  so many good old traditions they ruined already , and they do n't stop !, 
  human sacrifices , slavery , not letting women vote . 
  what else are they going to ruin ? 
  http://tvzvezda.ru/news/vstrane_i_mire/content/201504170946-hpud.htm http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zvezda_%28tv_channel%29  is a russian nationwide tv network run by the russian ministry of defence . 
  let 's not pretend that not reporting some event from ukraine is the same thing as reporting ( by channel owned by russian defense ministry ) that american soldiers raped 2 little girls within hours of landing in kyev . 
  i know you like it . 
  there are many answers to that post , read up . 
  it 's assumption based on op 's pointless shitpost . 
  pointless as is your comment . 
  `` we need moar love in the world and less hate ! '', 
  yeah ok , now what ? 
  geography matters though . 
  he 's talking about those weird russian smiles with no eyes they put after every other sentence ) ) ) ), 
  yeah now go smoke some more weed and hold some protest sign next time nato summit is nearby , that will do it . 
  implying immigrants vote at all . 
  have n't been to georgia , but i suspect it 's true . 
  eu is kinda a promised land for many from the post-soviet bloc . 
  here in lithuania you can find eu flags on every second bank , library , hotel , etc. 
   now how much of those views would you say ncp support ? 
  how should i know ? 
  you tell me . 
   i do n't believe in using military might to solve problems . 
  that 's why you are fierce supporter of russia and putin ? 
  haha . 
   well i would call myself liberal and what 's your stance on economic issues ? 
  cause what you described now is applicable to socialdemocrats too . 
  liberals and socdems are bffs on social issues , liberals and conservatives are bffs on economic issues . 
  socdems and conservatives do n't have nothing in common . 
  obviously it varies from country to country , but that 's what classic definitions say . 
  liberals and conservatives are really near each other on political axis since they all favour free market , small government , business and stuff . 
  to be honest i have never sat on a plane in my life . 
  not even on a small one . 
  the thing is they still hugely favoured greece staying , and pulling the event from the bet slip does not mean they are sure grexit will happen , they just do n't know how to correctly calculate odds anymore . 
  yeah that 's what i thought . 
  think of random number and then claim to be precise . 
  full of bullshit you are , as always . 
  same for south balts . 
   to be precise 70 % of content source please . 
  or have you yourself conducted the research ? 
  what kind of margin of error can you offer ? 
  or is it precisely precise ? 
  i too have never heard word `` pipele '' before today . 
  lithuanian and latvian words should be the other way around i guess . 
  also `` bybis '' does n't have anything in common with pissing . 
  i mean it does , but it does not reference the excretory function as the map suggests . 
   did i miss something ? 
  i guess so . 
  where does it say it 's only about european politics and whatnot ? 
  [ the last ] ( http://redd.it/2xeras ) thread on this subject gathered some attention . 
  if no one will be interested in this story they will downvote and move on , what 's the problem ? 
   estonia is n't the best and most developed society in the world ( i 've been there ) alright , we said it 's safe heaven for unpopular opinions , but you are crossing the line here . 
  full story : police stop a car for speeding , passengers with a baby on arms jump from it , say he 's unconscious because the tv fell on his head somehow . 
  police take him to the hospital themselves , child becomes conscious again as they reach the hospital . 
  it happened just a few hours ago , child 's state of health is not yet reported . 
  america works !, 
  and you obviously blindly take the other side , because it 's . txt ? 
  do n't you think when there are so many . txt from all over the world , something really smells here ? 
  you mean chemtrails . 
  i bet he regrets nothing . 
  are you 12yo or smthng ? 
  they would if they were our overloarda instead of germany . 
  actually i 'm with you on that . 
  sometimes it seems to me that putin wants west to think he 's going/gone crazy , as it is part of his scare tactics . 
   without russia 's direct involvement there will never be ~ ~ a situation demanding reaction . ~ ~ any sign of `` little green men '' . 
   the notes suggest moscow would avoid `` injections of troops and heavy weapons in favour of other tools '' . 
   if nato then responded , that would make it `` a potential co-aggressor against russian-speaking minorities in baltic states '' , a situation described as `` potentially more dangerous than that in ukraine to the united states '' . 
  not really sure to what then nato should react . 
  without russia 's direct involvement there will never be a situation demanding reaction . 
  are you comparing estonian officer to a nazi war criminal ? 
  it 's a site which shows exchange rates . 
  from left to right : usd/rub , eur/rub , and the price of brent oil in usd . 
  they 've been tracking it since the all the crisis began . 
  today is a loophole into the past i guess . 
  ah , the good ol' days . 
  pimpis/pimpalas in lithuanian means `` little dick '' , may mean some small sprout or something little , insignificant . 
  not really sure why some latvians use that for potato . 
  i agree that soviet numbers are shit , but they are much lower , since they faked every fucking number about their production . 
  also there was inflation , constant and massive , there were quite a few devaluations , where they just removed some zeros and said - see , the prices are the same . 
  but what i do n't get , and to what i replied some days ago in the first place - do you really believe they built free houses for everyone ? 
  ffs , do n't have time for your nonsenses . 
  you are saying what here exactly ? 
  soviet housing market was n't included in gdp therefore it should be significantly higher that the stats show ? 
  is that your argument ? 
  ah , i get it . 
  soviets built free houses for everyone , but that did n't show up in gdp till ungrateful nations escaped the glorious system , and became fake-rich because they sold their soviet-built houses in the re bubble market . 
  yeah , there was some re bubble around that time , as everywhere in the world , since economy was growing very fast , young families began borrowing hugely , banks were approving the loans , the re sector was booming .
