  they test boundaries every day in every way . 
  if no answer is given they go further . 
  just like in ukraine . 
  we would have had people 's republic of novorussia as part of russian federation already if europe 's response to situation in crimea and eastern ukraine had been a bit softer . 
  depends . 
  what are you into ? 
  drinking or sightseeing , or a mixture of both ? 
  i have visited roughly half of the cities you mentioned , and have n't spent enough time in most of them , so no offense to the locals if my impressions are way off . 
  lose berlin and brussels . 
  not much to see . 
  come to hamburg just a day before a flight . 
  definitely yes . 
  spend 2 nights for hardcore partying . 
  brno or prague ? 
  i would say brno and prague . 
  have some fun with the friends in brno , experience local lifestyle , make new friends . 
  visit prague , look around , cry about how beautiful it is . 
  vienna and salzburg ? 
  beautiful cities with unique atmosphere . 
  not sure about other 2 swiss cities . 
  would n't it be too much of them ? 
  ca n't say nothing about italy , have n't been there . 
  use trains and hostels . 
  14 cities in 17 days ? 
  you will be constantly traveling , exhausted and will not be able to experience what city has to offer . 
  i would lose some to have at least 2 days in each city, 
  no need to remind us that . 
  actually now when we think of australia first thing that comes to mind is n't a kangaroos anymore , rather cigarette packs with awful images on them, 
  actually you can . 
  you just need to ask for it nicely , and unless you pose a national security risk no country will throw you out . 
  we fight with words . 
  we see poland as strategic partner and we had polish jets guarding our air space more than once already , everything is fine . 
  do n't sell warships to russia pretty please, 
  that fear is also programmed into lithuanian mentality , since we always were between major powers and felt always oppressed . 
  even during our common rzeczpospolita times , which poland considers as good , lithuania actually has negative connotations to it , since we were lesser brothers in the union , all the high born were speaking/slowly converting to polish and lithuanian was just language of the peasants . 
  and after that we were sold to the russians , who started real oppression . 
  not such a bright thing to remember . 
  now about the figures itself , it is not as bad as it seems . 
  it 's very dependable of the phrasing of the question . 
  if you would ask : do you think poland is a threat to the lithuania ? 
  i believe 10 % at most would say yes and i 'm being generous there . 
  now i really do n't care was mickevi\u010dius polish or lithuanian ( actually question is whom he was considering himself to be , which is question without any reasonable answer . 
  of course * litwo , ojczyzno moja * says it all  or was wilno more polish than lithuanian - it 's the history . 
  and that means it 's the past . 
  we live now , and we have to forget some stupid ghosts from the history which really does n't matter now . 
  what matters is that big brother from the east , which was a threat to all of us for centuries , - still is a threat , because neither their leaders neither common population do not want to forget their imperialistic ambitions . 
  that 's why tomasevski has been called kremlin agent numerous occasions . 
  and there are some proof or at least reasonable doubts where he gets his money from . 
  and right now his behavior openly supporting russian aggression , anti-eu remarks and so on shows that he is more pro-russian than pro-polish . 
  many here believes that all this polish minority issues are being created out of thin air as part of kremlin 's * divide et impera * tactics . 
  and of course there 's [ polish ultras ] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=awrp8pyzojo who makes some noise every time they come to lithuania . 
  1 time they totally destroyed stadion , two times just a friendly clashes between them and police , and actually the last time they were here ( video ) it was quite nice and peaceful , of course * wilno nasze * and * polskie wilno * graffiti was seen in some places . 
  however it just makes me smile , as the most lithuanians . 
  it will be done in the upcoming year or two . 
  there are some reasons why there 's been such a delay on this issue . 
  * our constitution is very strict . 
  poland 's government thinks that this is just an excuse our politicians use , but it really is very strict . 
  and in every matter , not only this one . 
  and to change constitution parliament has to jump through hoops , they have to have 65 % majority in the parliament , vote on it few times , and take breaks which can last up to a year . 
  so realistically changing 1 article in constitution can take 2-4 years , when there is strong political will to do so . 
  * and that 's another issue - political will . 
  lithuanians do not like what poland 's poles are talking , and you can see that kind of talk in this thread also . 
  every time someone mentions vilnius there 's always a pole saying * wilno nasze * and claiming that lithuanians and russians stole it from them . 
  ant this is programmed into nation 's memory , and this mentality is kinda threatening for a lithuanian . 
  * polish minority party itself do not really want to do something about it . 
  because now they can always play that oppressed minority card and win seats in the parliaments . 
  if everything is resolved , there 's no conflict and media attention they would be forgotten by polish voters altogether . 
  they have in the lithuanian government for almost 2 years already , they kinda do not do nothing anything except trying to pass laws banning `` gay propaganda '' . 
  now there are some positive things too . 
  after the recent constitutional court decision month or two back there 's finally basically no obstacles for the parliament to change the law and let polish surnames in the passports . 
  mind you , vast majority of lithuanians support that kind of decision since that affects them too - now if lithuanian girl would get married to arnold schwarzenegger , she could n't write his surname on her passport , it could be changed to \u0160varcneger or something . 
  and think about the kids . 
  real mess . 
  i believe this law could pass as soon as this autumn since major lithuanian parties seemingly reached an agreement and only technicalities left to discuss . 
  it was done already . 
  denmark and sweden has tried it i believe, 
  thing is , that a lot of old generation of poles that live in lithuania feel more affiliated to russia than poland . 
  they talk in language that is mixture of polish/russian/lithuanian , they watch mainly russian media and believe it 's propaganda . 
  younger poles however are taught proper polish in schools , they definitely consider themselves polish and feel closer ties with poland . 
  the problem is that this party is eurosceptic itself , having strong ties with catholic church , they look up to poland in every way , they object to euro as a currency , try to ban `` homopropaganda '' in parliament and do other funny stuff . 
  also , incline in this party ratings in a few past years has been noticed due the appeal to the russian minority . 
  they have quite a number of russians on their party list , their leader shows strong support for russian politics and while this does not absolutely reflect general polish people opinion in lithuania or in the party itself , they still vote for this particular party because they feel only it can represent them thoroughly . 
  that being said some lithuanians consider poland as hostile because of the actions of this party and because of some poland 's politicians who voice open and strong support for this particular party . 
  minister of foreign relations of poland come to lithuania and does n't meet with no one from lithuanian government and meets only with polish community while tomasevski is always by his side . 
  as someone already mentioned it itt chant `` vilnius is ours '' is quite popular amongst polish population . 
  due to long and complicated history between our two countries nowadays some lithuanians feel threatened that someday poland might want to change the borders or something like that . 
  as a side note , lithuanians really do not consider republicans as being pro-russian , i think we never had any message about ron paul in the media . 
  we only remember legendary bush words , that any nation that chooses lithuania as an enemy chooses usa as an enemy too . 
  and we know that not that long ago , maybe month or two , john mccain visited lithuania and expressed some strong anti-putin rhetoric . 
  it could have just been typo in tv studio , though news anchor says herself `` he received 95 % '' . 
  i think you would have found any response as being insecure . 
  since you are calling me `` dick '' and just once again displaying your own prejudice i will not go into further discussion with you . 
  though current events and eurozone integration has nothing to do with each other , actually it has everything to do with each other . 
  this is one of the main reasons why eu and nato has very big support in lithuanian population . 
  we are afraid of russia , we were since forever , and we talked all the time that russia is security threat to us , europe and all world . 
  that 's why our goal since independence declaration 24 years ago was to integrate as far west as possible and as quick as possible . 
  however , support for euro as currency ( ~ 40 % ) is n't as great as support for eu itself ( upto 90 % ) * numbers are out of top of my head * , because of the reasons you mentioned - it 's basically more math decision than any other . 
  the reason why you read lithuanian commenters cheering about that while using anti-russian comments is because of the coincidence that right now russia is acting like everyone in eastern europe predicted it would . 
  i find that your comment is sign of prejudice and short sighted view . 
  there are many objective reasons why only lithuanian coat of arms is used on all lithuanian coins since before the time , insecurity not being one of them .
