  so that was straight up lie as i see it now , and not some misinformation you had . 
   because that is true . 
  lithuanian law `` protecting the state 's language '' did n't included street names and everyone in eastern lithuania had their street names for their own for a long time . 
  lithuania incorporated it to law after almost everyone what was polish had the street name . 
  after that there was repressions and fines about 40 000 lt for having the polish-lithuanian street name that is yet another package of your lies . 
  lithuania had that law since independence , maybe one-two years later , that is 1991-1994 , prohibiting street signs in other languages . 
  2 . no new laws regarding this were created , what you are referring to is a decision by the court protecting citing that law . 
  3 . no repressions were held , and no fines ( plural ) . 
  only one fine was issued for government official in vilnius region for not abiding the decision of the court and not removing the bilingual street signs for 5 years or so . 
  so again , this fine was issued not because he did not remove the bilingual street signs , rather because he ignored the court 's decision for a very long time , tho it was his duty to . 
   and also for waving polish flag on the polish inependence day . 
  another lie you best friend . 
  are you trolling me or are you just bad in english ? 
  i hope it 's the latter one cause otherwise you 'll see what a full retardation is . 
   lithuania bans lithuanian-polish billingual street names in eastern lithuania it suggests that bilingual street names were n't illegal and and now lithuania makes them illegal them . 
  do you understand that ? 
  ask anyone who 's better than you in english and he will confirm my words . 
  if that 's not enough , there 's your post saying the exact same [ thing ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2b1dfg/lithuania_bans_lithuanianpolish_billingual_street/cj0uw7h ) :  street names were n't incorporated to lithuanian law before . 
  that means they were n't legal or illegal . 
  now they are , because your government said so . 
  are you gon na deny your words and will pretend that you did not understand the meaning of this sentence ? 
  not to mention your other completely fictitious posts about the polish army and the baltic airspace . 
   the fact that lithuania is violating human rights is also `` misleading '' , because it 's everything ok ? 
  that 's not what we are talking right now , is it ? 
  now we are talking about the accountability of your words , are you capable of doing that ? 
  and yes , lithuania has n't violated a single human right . 
  and you are retard probably . 
  i thought you somehow misunderstood the article or something , now it seems you misunderstand basically everything that is around you . 
  i 'll repeat once again for you : the `` law '' that article talks about was just a proposal in it 's first phase of proposal ( there are 5 and more phases of proposal for it to become a law ) by the polish minority party which suggested some corrections in the law , amongst which was the suggestion of allowing bilingual street names . 
  that part of the proposed law was removed by the conservatives , and yet in the end that proposition passed it 's 1st phase ( out of many ) , and even polish minority party voted for it , because they know they can easily add that proposition about bilingual street names later in other stages of this lawmaking process . 
  now let 's look at how you worded name of the thread and your posts in that thread : you repeatedly said bilingual street names were legal in lithuania before and by this act parliament banned them . 
  so , wtf are you talking about ? 
  can you answer this straight up . 
  are you even capable of admitting you are wrong ? 
  also , wtf you meant by `` 99 % of actions in baltic airspace is done by polish army '' is beyond my understanding . 
  i linked it . 
  read the fucking thread and comments ffs . 
  oh , nice op , you are the one who is known for making [ false ] ( http://np.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2b1dfg/lithuania_bans_lithuanianpolish_billingual_street/ ) thread titles and for telling lies and fantasies in your posts . 
  good job , keep it up . 
   and it 's pretty relevant to the human psychology . 
  what do you mean ? 
  the reason i asked i saw a lot of generalization in your posts as well as attempts to find the `` untold truth '' or whatever . 
  nah , fuck the `` one way '' solution someone might suggest . 
  it 's never the answer ( probably ) . 
  also , a lot of ideologies and standpoints differ from country to country depending on wide variety of socio-economic aspects , and who 's to say that france 's left is true left and hungary 's right is not right because it has some views as germany 's left . 
  it 's bs . 
  these generalizations are made to try to group the parties on pan-european level and to categorize them somehow in the world picture . 
  and yet opinions differ within parties themselves amongst different fractions , so ... 
  i suggest to just fuck that . 
  if you have one or another believe , or a solution to some problem or whatever , and you can rationalize it to yourself , even if it differs from the party 's view you support , or even belong to , or even are one of the heads of , then do what you think is best and find the allies amongst other parties for that particular matter . 
  that 's how politics ( should ) work , and these names/labels left/right/center are just that . . names . 
  we should not be obliged to act one way or another because we are called some name . 
  so back to my first post itt :  you ca n't put only two sides here on the political-cultural-social identities chart . 
  the whole concept of right wing / left wing is erroneous . 
  how old are you if you do n't mind me asking ? 
  cause some of your rhetoric and mind process suggest that you are in your teens . 
  not that there is anything wrong with it , it 's just it would explain quite a few things . 
  you talk about ns of germany . 
  do you know there are different kind of national-socialists out there ? 
  and you could get eu pass if you wanted to because ... ? 
  actually x sounds like national-socialists . 
  is it left or right ? 
  interesting allegory . 
  very interesting . 
  and fun . 
  will remember that one . 
  however , it does not change the fact that you ca n't force people to associate with right wing or left wing cause these associations are coerced and fictitious . 
  and that 's what i am saying . 
  you ca n't put only two sides here on the political-cultural-social identities chart . 
  the whole concept of right wing / left wing is erroneous . 
  it 's because the whole concept of x/y , or a bipartisan system like in usa is wrong . 
  there are many more sides to the equation , at very least z ( european liberals , american libertarians ) has to be put in here . 
   when the deal was sealed , there were no way to guess putin would be going to such extremes poles and baltics have been telling it all along , nobody believed us . 
  if you pinky swear you gon na stick with nato when the time comes . 
  ^ ^ ^ spoiler ^ ^ ^ alert : ^ ^ ^ it ^ ^ ^ will ^ ^ ^ come, 
  i 'm trying to understand what is exactly your interest here ? 
   we have state owned company called * registr\u0173 centras * , which is responsible for collecting data about businesses , real estate , certificates and stuff . 
  you can search online for a specific address , f.e. 
  it states what type of building is it ( * negyvenamas pastatas * translates as non-residenial building ) , * \u017eem\u0117s sklypas * shows land plot which is assigned to this address . 
  if you click on the red flag on the right it will show you the location of the property in question on the map . 
  as you can see unique id number is given , tho it 's the only information about the owner you can get . 
   do you register anything there when you rent a place ? 
  you can notarize it , tho it 's not essential , since every form of agreement between two parties is binding by the law . 
  if you do notarize it however , notary can check using the unique id number of the place if it 's indeed owned by the person who is trying to rent it to you . 
   who owns land under apartment building , stairs and storerooms ? 
  not sure about the land , probably the municipality . 
  other stuff is owned by the residents proportionally on their flat size . 
  poor americans , somebody on the internet made fun of you implying that you are not rich when in fact you are . 
  sucks to be you :(, 
  til turkey uses eu-style license plates . 
  you mean 5th hand ? 
  thing is it 's easier to say where you should not consider living in . 
  so trying to understand your wishes/needs/abilities is essential . 
  now i see that one dane did a sales pitch for copenhagen . 
  and while i agree with him 100 % , pretty much the same can be said about 20 more cities in europe , maybe except the last part ( tho there are many different lists with different top cities ) . 
  really ? 
  without knowing my interests , my hobbies and if i can take cold winters or not ? 
  would n't that be just a waste of your time ? 
  what if you told a little about yourself , what kind of areas have you expelled already from your searchlist due to negative comments from fellow expats , and whether you are willing to learn another language f.e. 
  could you answer what is the best place to live in the us for europeans ?
