  it 's not as same as in western societies , society itself is nothing like in west . 
  if assassination of oppositioner or some political activist can bring people together in west , that 's not the case in russia . 
  actually it 's as opposite of it as possible . 
  people are running away from russia . 
  intelligent , smart people . 
  baltics nowadays receive record amounts of permanent resident requests by russian citizens . 
  btw nemtsov was asking about the possibility to get political asylum in lithuania even 3 years ago , as he was afraid of his safety even then . 
   give me one example where rt invented a quote from anyone . 
  and what will happen after i give you one ? 
  you 'll say `` yeah , anyone can make a mistake , can you give me another one ? 
  '' , i do it and you say `` yeah , two mistakes is nothing , here , fox news did the same '' , etc etc. 
  what 's the point ? 
  if falls under the narrative of fascist estonian government oppressing honest russian journalists . 
  * putin 's personal vendetta against him . 
  he was calling putin for what he really is for quite some time , and few weeks prior to his murder , he called putin `` yobanutim '' , that is `` retarded '' . 
  on camera . 
  where the putin comes from , such an insults can not be unanswered . 
  the author tries to oversimplify things by showing that other people tend to oversimplify things . 
  rt contacts the estonian defense ministry , dm responds they will not be dealing with rt , rt tweets the response . 
  yeah , but it 's meant ironically . 
  the bitch is head of rt or something . 
  i think you might be on to something . 
   after years of largely failed efforts to get more women in politics , electoral officials devised a new rule for march 22 and march 29 elections . 
  instead of voting for a single candidate , citizens will vote for tickets , each composed of one man and one woman . 
  each winning ticket gets both of its candidates into the council . 
  is this for real ? 
  wtf is this ? 
  is this called a democracy still ? 
  but where proof ? 
  i no see proof . 
  please proof . 
  show me your passport that you 're not a russian troll . 
   is there historic animosity between any of the three none whatsoever . 
  kinda strange when you think about it , neighbors for such a long time , and practically no conflicts . 
  as for federation of some sorts , do n't think it 's needed . 
  we are already in eu , have the same currency , have the baltic assembly to discuss stuff , our leaders meet quite regularly , everything 's fine . 
  obviously there are fields to improve cooperation , but it will come naturally . 
   was nemtsov , whom i 've never heard of , even a threat to putin ? 
  how 's your ignorance and lack of knowledge in any relevance of the situation ? 
  the op uses `` pochemu '' . 
  i do n't understand what you on about . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  is it unlockable at all ? 
  maybe devs were not planning on us unlocking those chapters ? 
  how dare you . 
  maybe it 's your god who is fake . 
  i know that his noodliness is as real as one can get , and no hate from non-believers will take it away . 
  old news . 
   thursday , august 7 , 2014, 
  i 'm not generalizing anyone you dumbdumb , i 'm not even talking about any specific situation , except where you claim that thinking that someone looks like someone is being ignorant . 
  how 's thinking that someone looks like someone is being ignorant ? 
  not even proxy , for example that was a direct ussr-china military conflict . 
   i said domestic . 
  what kind of domestic jobs when the war starts ? 
  is this one of your jokes i do n't get ? 
   people who want quality hardware . 
  when a war is starting tomorrow , nobody will seek to spend 10mln bucks for 2 quality tanks , rather 10mln bucks for 20 cheap tanks from india . 
  a big portion of military contracts are politics , without political influence no one will have a second thought about buying expensive shit from the us . 
   showing why your vague assertions are wrong with concrete examples and logic ? 
  i 'm sorry but most of the time i feel like talking to a middle-schooler . 
  your `` concrete '' examples and `` logic '' ? 
  are these the ones about `` making others rich '' and being salty about redditors from eu boasting about free healthcare ? 
   there 's been many wars over the decades and the world economy has n't grinded to a halt . 
  i think your fears are misplaced . 
  unless another world war happens . 
  you think it 's not possible ? 
  also , do n't worry about world economy , there are still shitload of countries that have a potential to grow on their own . 
  the us on the other hand , among other high hdi countries , are dependant on peace and stability and trading . 
   sounds good , we 'll sell you some good shit . 
  and who will buy us ' expensive military equipment when us is not an ally anymore ? 
  china says thanks . 
   where ? 
  and that sounds like a domestic job making opportunity . 
  i really do n't get you sometimes . 
  what jobs ? 
  where ? 
  like everywhere where us has presence or power-projection now . 
   it 's not our duty to make everyone else rich what ? 
   you brag about your free healthcare so it 's truly about being salty , is n't it ? 
   how do us troops in germany help china sell good in south america ? 
  i explained you already , you seem to dismiss everything or make some stupid jokes , and also add some salt to everything . 
  i believe it 's the last post i 'm responding because you have n't contributed anything remotely useful to this dialogue . 
  presence in germany = power projection in eastern europe = us shows the world `` i 'm still the boss here , sleep safe '' . 
  that means world economy is growing , because nobody expects the war ( s ) , and keeps spending money on shitty things = most nations are not participating in arm-race , and so brazil can keep buying chinese crap = china 's economy 's growing , they 're happy with the current situation , also knows the boundaries the us is holding . 
   germany , uk , china , japan all do the same and at better percentages all without having troops stationed abroad . 
  exactly because there 's a world-order policed by us . 
  because big portion of our world is safe and rich enough to think more about where to spend surplus money they have . 
  whenever us pulls out from nato , lots of mini to large scale wars will start , and countries and their peoples will think more about how to protect themselves , rather than watching hollywood movies or when is the new generation gaming console is coming out . 
   people are n't going to drop us cultural imperialism any time soon . 
  all your post can be counterargumented by answering this line . 
  us cultural ( that includes overpriced iphones , etc. ), 
  wo n't stop any time soon , until us has military presence and power-projection by `` wasting '' those said billions . 
  whenever us decides to stop exporting military power , all other exports will gradually cease as well . 
   we do n't need to waste billions on protecting anyone and we certainly do n't need to risk our lives for anyone but ourselves . 
  again , it 's not about protecting someone out of us ' kindness . 
  think of it as investment , or paying for insurance . 
   yes , they will because this has nothing to do with having us troops on your soil does it ? 
   and if us good are shit and over priced as you claim , do n't buy them . 
  why do us want free trade agreement with eu now ? 
  so that us could sell more overpriced shit .
