  what 's your point though ? 
  it 's funny though when `` far right party '' sticks eu flag to their creation . 
  did you really just say that companies can participate in corruption to maximize profits ? 
  \\ #nocorruptioninnordics though . 
  also a bit unrelated , i always thought teliasonera was spanish company . 
  why not ? 
  fifa is not some magic , it 's just a question of organizing things . 
  actually there are only very few world-wide sports with such a strict hierarchy and structure like football ... until now . 
  so yeah , anyone can host anything and call whatever they want ( well , `` world cup '' is trademarked i guess , they 'll have to call it `` world tournament '' or something ) . 
  the main reason that holds other world-wide organizations in other sports , which keeps them from rebelling like uefa wants to right now , is olympics . 
  everyone wants to be able to send their sportsmen to olympics , ergo they have to follow the olympic committee rules , and these guys are very conservative , and will stick with fifa for many years to come . 
  however , nobody in football really cares about olympics . 
  it 's seen just as easily replaceable youth tournament . 
  so yeah , uefa actually are free to do whatever they want . 
  oh , you 're right , he 's talking about `` the second half of 2013 '' . 
  and it seems he says `` sertyn '' rather than `` septyn '' . 
  nah , i just think it 's his pronunciation is like that since his english is more of a textbook-learned , and not from tv/games/live communication , etc , as us young people learned . 
  the funniest part though is `` two thousand septyn '' ( septyni - seven in lt ) , but even that just shows that he does not have `` tiu-fauzend-seven '' written , rather 2007 , and he just pronounces it the way he pronounces . 
   i do not know if this newspaper is considered a reliable source what newspaper ? 
  and when they do , they crash themselves . 
   you still did that two days ago . 
  to russians there are only two nations in the world . 
  if one is not russian - the only possible solution is - he 's american . 
  also , that 's how you can spot an idiot on this subreddit . 
  when one addresses another user `` you did that '' with the meaning of `` your country did that '' . 
  it 's like they have no concept whatsoever that there might be different opinions , that people might not agree with their governments , that people might not be nor directly nor indirectly involved in what some branch of their government did or did not do . 
  they even use `` you '' and confront and blame users even when speaking about 300 years historical events . 
  that 's truly mindblowing . 
   the statement was made in context of a joke of course it 's a joke . 
  or do you think that phrase could be said not jokingly ? 
  like , `` visas are required for schengen travels , except when you you drive a tank . '', 
  now let 's see what is the context and what 's the joke . 
  `` oh , we got banned from entering eu , but it does n't matter , if we want we can war with them '' . 
  is it something vice-premier should be saying ? 
  imagine how german people would react if merkel 's number 2 would say something like that in context of entering russia . 
   more of it , the host immediately replied that some countries may cut the citation and pretend that rogozin was threatening and would you look what we have here  he did not say `` countries '' , he said `` many will hold this as proof of aggressiveness of rogozin '' . 
   is ukrainian media also writing how the president of the eu literally assaulted the pm of hungary last week as well ? 
  wtf ? 
  where do you see ukrainian media ? 
  where do you see eu threatening to use military force against hungary even jokingly ? 
  what kind of a mess is in your head ? 
  i knew you a bit special , but you still are being able to amaze me . 
  yeah , he says jokes like that because people like to hear them . 
  and that 's the most troubling thing in all of this - lumpen likes that shit . 
  there 's a magic circle , self-fulfilling prophecy if you will , government talks like that because it 's what people like to hear , soon enough people start wanting actions like that . 
  that is already the case in ukraine . 
  no visas were issued for russian tanks , it 's true . 
  same ca n't be said about russia . 
  i 'm not a lithuanian government official though . 
  i will rape your sister and kill your whore mother . 
  i joke . 
  he is not some kid though . 
  he is influential member of the russian government . 
  for sure . 
  totally in love . 
  who is she ? 
  as i understand there was no phone voting in san marino . 
  the jury distributed the points . 
  where does that name come from though ? 
  a little too ironic . 
  and yeah , i really do think . 
  one of the banners says '' ( give us ) jobs , bread , justice !, 
  disgusting event , ugly people . 
  just like that piggy traktorist . 
  some ukrainian ? 
  would you suggest sending proper ships for free so that every willing one would be able to cross the sea safely ? 
  are you eyeing the new vilnius mayor ? 
  what would be her ( or her fb page administrators ' ) reasoning though ? 
  it 's not like she 's upcoming pop singer who needs to inflate her popularity status . 
  uhm , are you trying to suggest those followers are fake ? 
  people gon na people . 
  141 mps : 70 elected by nation wide proportional representation . 
  party must pass the 5 % threshold , they get minimum 5 seats if they do . 
  meaning smaller parties get more weight per one ballot cast than bigger ones . 
  71 mps elected in single-seat constituencies . 
  if no candidate in constituency gets 50 % of votes , second round is required , where top2 candidates from the first round compete . 
  imho it 's as good system as it gets , though right now , many believe , rural areas get too much representation since their constituencies are smaller than those in cities , it 's just technicalities . 
  overall this system ensures that everyone is represented , and coalition government is a must . 
  only once one party got 71 + seats . 
  i thought that happens only in cartoons . 
  only real news i read regarding this was carl bildt 's comment yesterday ( ? 
  would 've wrote `` as the rest of the world '' , but am not sure about that . 
  it just seems to me that voting on weekend makes more sense , but as someone already explained , there are reasons to do that on a weekday too . 
  if you 're fine doing that on a workday , why would anyone care ? 
   the rest of europe ( other than the netherlands ) voting on a sunday or saturday is not a reason for the uk to vote on one of those days . 
  where have i suggested that ? 
  we vote exclusively on weekdays here in the netherlands , mostly on wednesdays . 
  http://i.imgur.com/snb8kue.jpg only you and uk vote on thursday . 
  on a separate note , why are you voting today ? 
  i mean on thursday , when everybody 's at work etc. 
  would n't it make more sense to vote on sunday or saturday , as the rest of europe ? 
  well they probably already had paid in full , and could n't get a full refund . 
  and you do n't let money get wasted , is what us post-soviets have learned . 
  where 's your answer , / u/perseus0807 ? 
  if we have started the anatomy lesson , let 's check what 's in your [ skull ] ( http://img.pomuckyseniorum.cz/images/obr\u00e1zky/hartmann/vata%20obvazova%20vinuta%20500g.jpg ) . 
  i 'll have you know i shave properly . 
  my beard as well as my crotch . 
  i told you already , i 'm not gay , stop hitting on me . 
  yeah , really , how do the age limits get set ? 
   it probably makes sense to pay for plastic with plastic .
