  i heard many heel injuries happened during the event . 
  something to do with the ground being slope or something . 
  they are ready for quite some time now , the only thing is missing is czech will . 
   `` if he does not , i wo n't either '' - that 's dick-measuring . 
  uhm . . that 's not what dick-measuring is . 
  anyhow , if you 're implying retaliation then yes , it is retaliation among other things . 
  vilnius and moscow signed a bilateral agreement some years ago , that each side would provide a place to build , would confirm the detailed project , etc. 
  vilnius did all that , the building is half-built already , tho it has been halted a several times before , and is on halt right now , because moscow just been stopping and resuming money flow towards this project . 
  in the mean time in moscow they have n't even decided on what land the vilnius home should be built . 
  not sure what 's the exact term in english . 
  the idea is that it 's a center of culture , science , business contacts exchange and stuff . 
  maybe they are called `` cultural embassies '' or something like that . 
  not sure where you see dick-measuring in this , also bit interested how you make this conclusion by reading one sentence of the article . 
  or are you a subscriber ... ? 
  where 's da proof ? 
  your proofs do not proof anything . 
  nah , the mystery is simple , i indeed put 10 as an attempt to joke , but then realised that people might indeed think that 's an actual figure since it 's almost exactly to the belarus ruble exchange rate . 
  so i ninja-edited it - if you do it within first minute after your comment is posted , there 's no asterisk shown , so your comment came after i edited my post . 
  200k rubles . 
  so around 3000 euros . 
  just today i watched a video of someone from interior ministry of russia saying that vilnius mayor by attempting to halt the construction of the ` moscow home ' is ` rewriting history ' . 
  i mean ... 
  well there 's one happening right this very moment . 
  i love his argument about britain leaving the eu and swimming to the us coasts . 
  this will definitely improve the economic situation . 
  what ? 
  what did they say to each other ? 
  a bunch of of greek and lithuanian surnames sound alike , nothing to do with origins . 
  there 's a theory that lithuanians/balts are descendants of [ thrace people ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/thrace ) , but it 's mostly regarded as a joke . 
  we do have tho an ex-minister of foreign affairs , now an ambassador in some country , [ valionis ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/antanas_valionis ) , he has greek roots . 
  his grandad was a greek immigrant for some reason . 
  insulting mainly . 
  he did add that he felt a joint statement from the pro-eu factions of the ep as an encouragement to those voters of the uk who voted to stay was missing tho . 
  the same thing in a sense that it does n't make sense ? 
   i am arguing against the narrative that the uk will suffer greatly economically because less skilled immigrants will come there . 
  it will probably become more competitive for jobs , because eu citizens will be competing with skilled workers from non-eu states , but i do n't see that as a bad thing for the uk . 
  that 's not what you said in your original post to which i replied . 
   i am just not convinced that requiring eu immigrants to fill out a work visa application would be enough to make them avoid going to the uk . 
   eu people will continue to apply for jobs in the uk . 
  if the uk sets up the same rules as for 3rd countries citizens , they will not , plain and simple . 
   `` leave '' voters and other anti-immigration movements across the world oppose mass immigration of unskilled workers . 
  a few medical professionals would n't realistically threaten anyone . 
  do n't more skilled immigrants take away jobs from natives ? 
  if ` they took r jobs ' can be applied anywhere , it 's exactly the jobs where qualifications are required . 
  those unqualified jobs where you do n't even need to know the language are not threatening for anyone , and is indeed the huge drive for the economy in general , because if you do n't import all those unqualified immigrants you start tanking like japan and businesses start looking elsewhere . 
   mass immigration like that is what causes people to feel threatened , not limited numbers of skilled workers coming to fill open positions . 
  yes indeed , and these numbers will drop significantly if the uk is out of single market , just as the leavers wanted . 
  but again , here 's what you said in your original post :  i am just not convinced that requiring eu immigrants to fill out a work visa application would be enough to make them avoid going to the uk . 
   being outside of the eu would allow the uk to bring in as many as is necessary for the jobs available , rather than , as you describe it , letting in `` hoards of immigrants . '', 
  hoards of immigrants immigrate , from the eu or not , because there are loads of jobs to do . 
  the percentage of those who immigrate to sit on their asses and get social benefits is absolutely insignificant . 
  if i 'm not mistaken the leave campaigners talked about 360k immigrants yearly , half of which are eu . 
  that means there are 340k + work places to fill . 
  if there are no jobs , people wo n't immigrate . 
  that 's why nobody understands what the leavers are proposing . 
  `` we need to limit the immigration to the numbers to fill the job vacancies '' - yeah ok , it will drop from 360k to 340k . 
  or from 180k to 170k eu immigration . 
  is this the reason they voted leave ? 
   where is there economic opportunity , there will be businessmen to take advantage of it . 
  japan has pretty strict requirements for immigration , but there kind of shopkeepers still open shops in areas where immigrants live . 
  i do n't know when 's the last time you were in the uk , but there are huge supermarkets built for different nationality immigrants , is it the same in japan ? 
   maybe that 's how it is your country , but the uk is known as one of the most attractive countries in the world . 
  it regularly tops rankings of `` soft power . '', 
  it has much more appeal around the world than japan , korea , or australia . 
  soft power does n't mean that people want to immigrate the country , also in your given link there are 2 rankings out of 3 where germany is higher than the uk . 
  the fuck just happened ? 
  i still do n't get what you 're saying tbh , because you 're counterargumenting yourself . 
  you say that eu immigrants wo n't be discouraged to come to britain , and yet you argue that this could benefit immigrants from hong kong and other places . 
   for every highly-educated eu person who thinks that filling out visa paperwork makes the uk `` less attractive , '' it 's not only filling-out paperwork is it ? 
  it 's about guarantees that you will be welcome to stay in the country even if you lose the job , that you will be eligible for social benefits , that you can plan to create family here and so on and so on . 
  i do agree that uk becoming less attractive for the eu immigrants will mean that the uk will need to fill the need for the those jobs with immigrants from middle-eastern , asian , african countries , which , coincidentally , `` leave '' voters dislike more than eastern europeans . 
  and the biggest immigrant influx is towards the jobs that do n't require much qualification and the jobs that locals do n't want to work . 
  if i 'm planning to work in a chicken farm , will i go to the uk where i am required to fill loads of paperwork , or where the employer needs to `` invite '' me etc. , or do i go to norway/sweden/germany / netherlands , where i just buy a plane ticket and i 'm there ? 
  for those people that would be obvious discouragment , and again , britain will need to fill those spots with pakistanis and so on . 
  and then there are businessmen immigrants who cater to those hoards of immigrants by selling ` home-made ' products , providing services etc. 
  they will think twice before coming as well . 
  maybe it 's better to open a shop in norway ? 
  - he will think . 
  and then there 's your argument about `` romanticizing '' the uk . 
  i can tell you from my experience , i know loads and loads of emigrants from my country . 
  there are people who fall in love with american , australian , japanese , korean culture because of movies , because it 's exotic etc. 
  i do not know a single person who would feel the same towards the uk . 
  everyone was/is economic immigrants , no romantic . 
  i still do n't get what you argue . 
  are you saying the uk wo n't become less attractive to move to , live , work , create families and careers because even though the immigration process will be stricter ? 
  and swiss . 
   if you 're getting scared already , rest asured , the real thing has yet to start . 
  comforting to hear . 
  i am not really sure if you are worth being replied to . 
  yet again you call a person you are disagreeing with `` not grasping basics of democracy '' because the opinions differ . 
  and yet you are the one who it seems does n't understand what secret ballots are , and you are the one saying that all democratic countries elect their executive bodies . 
   the biggest problem with eu is that no executive body of eu can be held responsible for anything . 
  again , many ministers are not elected by no one , just appointed . 
  if you are not happy as a voter for what the said minister is doing , you do not vote for the party that delegated him . 
  now i do agree that some reforms could be done to bring the ec closer to the voters , but i can not agree with you saying that the ec is fundamentally undemocratic . 
  probably all members are career politicians , every one of them was delegated by heads of states of member states , and they had to be approved by the europarl . 
  saying that there 's no democratic mandate to it and they 're just appointed bureaucrats is factually wrong . 
  so many factual mistakes in your post . 
  you say tusk made decisions against poland interest , but it 's only your opinion , and yet you operate with it as a fact . 
  and just because someone can in theory be bought does n't mean that the system is wrong or whatever .
