  this video is just a cherry on top and no one claims that it 's reliable . 
  disproving this particular video does n't change a single thing . 
  not that she was flying high before, 
  well no . 
  ukrainian army has not shot a single shot into the airspace during this conflict . 
  and the first time they do it they hit civilian aircraft ? 
  that 's like winning power jack pot tho in reverse . 
  i 'm just hoping he is n't doing this for free at least . 
  on a side note , first thing tomorrow morning i 'm buying russian newspapers to see if our local russian press has sold it 's soul completely or do they still have a hope . 
  yes, 
  `` separatists are claiming they succeeded in downing yet another ukrainian army transport plane over the city of < torez  * ( where the malaysian aircraft crashed ) * about 5.00 moscow time * ( when the malaysian aircraft crashed ) * . 
  it was ukrainian an-26 , it was hit by the rocket , it blew , airplane was going down . 
  the black smoke was seen , the plane crashed away from the residential buildings , in the region < \u0160achti  . 
  i 'll remind you that < torez  is situated near the town of < sne\u017enoi  and < * some other name , ca n't figure it out *  . 
  these territories are controlled by separatists . '', 
  so it seems 154 netherlands citizens were on board . 
  can you speculate on the public reaction number as high as this will cause ? 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kux6reojyqa * mic drop *, 
  do n't know about the other numbers but these 100 % figures are total bs . 
  in fact , baltics alongside poland are the players who are for the tough stand against putler . 
  we can live through one or so cold winter , tho it may be many more cold winters to come when putler realizes eu is n't doing or can not do nothing against him . 
  we do not forget the history , as westerners seem to do . 
  it does n't matter how much russianpropagandabrainwashed one might be , there 's no way one could deny the guilt of the separatists . 
  unless of course , there 's no brains left to wash . 
  are you really suggesting that while ukrainian army has not shot a single shot into the airspace during this conflict they might be to blame for the downing of civilian airplane ? 
  if so , they might be truly unluckiest military in the history of mankind . 
  first try to shoot the plain and it 's innocent civilians . 
  -- * wipes hands on your pants * fyp, 
  so far i heard 2 conspiracy theories : 1 . 
  ukrainian army jet shot down the plane to blame the separatists and to get nato involved directly . 
  ukrainians tried to shoot down putin 's plane , which was flying today over europe . 
  unfortunately they missed by some hours and about 1000km . 
   update # 51 : moscow-russian emergency services ask kiev for permission to help with rescue work at site of crash : russia 's ria news agency by their logic , should n't they ask dnr for it ? 
  eesti can into space !, 
  how much in central baltic ? 
  also , because both of them are pictured on one [ banknote ] ( http://www.albionmich.com/history/histor_notebook/images_m/darius10lituface.jpg ) it gained popularity amongst foreign lgbt community . 
  you know , two handsome guys in uniform and all that . 
  you would think the latter one should have been satisfied fully with what happened on tuesday and saturday . 
  majority obviously supported germany . 
  our bookmakers are very sad now , cause majority of gamblers did bet on germany winning the world cup even before it started . 
  edit : another [ video ] ( http://tv.lrytas.lt/?id=14052910311403705235 ), 
  what about other ~ 20 nations ? 
  what else have you heard about lithuanians ? 
  oh you are pole ? 
  u must clean toilets good then , congrats !, 
  hello to the civilized world and xxi century op , where racist stereotypes are n't being said out loud even amongst far-right party members . 
  fact : * whom * is a made up word to confuse students, 
  well yours is happening every 5 years , ours every 4 years , meaning only once in 20 years they are happening on the same date . 
  well lithuanian festival is also very patriotic-themed . 
  this year final day of the festival was also national holiday called statehood day , when we have a tradition to sing national anthem on the same hour all around the world . 
  right before it choruses on the main stage sang [ \u00c4rgake baltimaad ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0kokq20rul0 ) with latvian and estonian flags waiving . 
  and it 's also kinda rule for every national celebration here in lithuania , we remember baltic sisters , wave their flags etc. 
  do n't you do the same ? 
  what about estonians ? 
  you can never know what the actual game they play . 
  well there you go . 
  as / u/uniklas said , lithuanian minimal wage after the taxes is 245,07 eur . 
  yep . 
  while 50 $ / month increase would n't matter in big cities ( there are n't much people earning only minimum anyways ) , such increase would mean businesses in province would have to let some people go . 
  minimal wages were boosted 1.5 years ago iirc by 15 % or something . 
  today 's figures are just rounding up by 40 cents or something . 
  are you an idiot sir ? 
   any minimum wage increase that is either equal to or less than net profit is theoretically sustainable i just said the exact same thing as you and you called me  you 're just being a petite bourgeoisie apologist if you are not an idiot , than you are troll . 
  shoo either way . 
  i believe values displayed here ca n't be comparable because of the different tax ratios . 
  how much does minimal wage worker get after taxes in romania ? 
  it 's been $ 289.62 !, 
  if the minimal wage is set so high that businessman can not pay you that amount because you do n't create enough products to be worth your minimal wage , how 's that not a recipe for disaster ? 
  why 's there ukrainian flag ? 
  almost identical situation here in lithuania . 
  hitler was too . 
  oh i did n't miss nothing . 
  all lithuanians remember how few years back austrian border guards take into custody suspected russian war criminal and then released him after few hours after receiving call from the russian embassy . 
  `` oops , sorry '' i guess was the official explanation from the austrian politicians . 
  the usual i guess . 
  cia blah blah blah usa funded blah blah blah nazi ukrainian government . 
  oh that gentle rub by fischer . 
  why not just get under the table with his mouth open right in front of everyone . 
  what 's the better way to show the world what you are really doing with this rising hitler-2 . 
  c'mon dude , organize referendum , save your country , be a hero . 
  i believe in you !, 
  well , saying that 50 % inhabitants were poles ... c'mon . 
  it was a mix of poles , belarussians , russians , tuteishis . 
  sure , the percentage of the lithuanians living there was less than 10 , however it does n't mean that it definitely should have been poland 's city . 
  also , agreement was made , vilnius became part of lithuania and poland did make a dick move to take with the help of military , hence expanding through force and stealing . 
  yes . 
  now please leave the fking eu and cocksuckers club nato . 
  bulgaria can into eurasia union !, 
  it 's very hard for ex-iron-curtain countries , especially bulgaria ( not mentioning belarus , ukraine and asian countries ) , to reeducate yourself and it 's people . 
  history books has to be rewritten from the scratch since the level of lies and propaganda was as high as in nazi germany times . 
  expect nazi germany lasted 12 years , but communism regime more than half a century . 
  older generation still often believe some complete lies and obviously educate younger ones in the same spirit . 
  i am kinda doubtful so far . 
  anyways , national guard is n't the right term . 
  maybe you could call it paramilitary or something . 
  worst part is they teach that kind of shit in school even nowadays, 
  yeah , europe really does have quite a few interesting places to see and experience  you should definitely try to experience the most of it . 
  what is rough ratio between the time you have to work/sit in base and the time you can travel freely while you are stationed in europe ? 
  yeah , as a fellow lithuanian said , majority of people do support you being here and would like us boots on the ground permanently . 
  it shows even in the comment sections of major news sites .
