  lithuanian fm : `` it 's better to shoot yourself in the foot than be shot by someone else in the head '' . 
  also he states that while slovak and hungary pms criticized the sanctions , their fms were for it . 
  russian link for official government announcement : http://mid.ru/brp_4.nsf/newsline/124b7139e4586ae844257d350051efbd i get that some people are complaining about the flood of russia related news in this subreddit . 
  but this shit is crazy . 
  how can we keep up with the russians who are acting crazier and crazier by the hours ? 
  oooo , guess what 's coming next, 
  do n't know about you guys , but we ( latvians also for sure , and probably estonians too ) have [ soviet bunker ] ( http://sovietbunker.com/en/ ) . 
  kinda old [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=az9oldr8tcw ) , but they are alive quite popular as far as i know . 
  http://zn.ua/ukraine/rossiyskie-btry-vehali-v-ukrainu-na-glazah-u-zapadnyh-zhurnalistov-150873_.html check the tweets in the article . 
  for clarification - no more lenins in lithuania . 
  not the gruskininkai as said in the album . 
  18 * ( 19 after 4 months ), 
  lavrov denied this request . 
  or what do you mean be `` acted on '' ? 
  will they use isis too ? 
  because you mentioned it \u012fn your post also, 
  are you suggesting that we can not talk about other issues if there are problems in the economy ? 
  is there a prize ? 
  oh the irony, 
  i am still getting amazed every day by how many different people there are and how differently one 's mind work . 
  are you trying to suggest that one country conquering one nation after another is so unprecedented and unbelievable as flying pigs ? 
  what if there 's nowhere to run ? 
  what if they come to another place where you have resettled ? 
  what about deportations , ethnic cleansing , and genocide ? 
  how does that work ? 
  can stronger ones defend against aggression of the weaker nation , or should it give up also ? 
  nope , i am not against immigration . 
  no borders no nations no deportations is kinda appealing slogan . 
  however , i 'm very curious , how do you , as an anarchist , justify what russia is doing . 
  it obviously has for many centuries taken a lot of nations under it 's strict rule , leaving no space for self-determination . 
  why would you , as an anarchist , think that we , lithuanians , should give up that right , to be put under someone else 's rule ? 
  what you support is giving up the homeland you were born in , giving up the world view you have inherited , giving up the freedom you possess . 
  thanks , but no thanks . 
  lithuania as a nation , and baltic as a region , few times experienced what it means to give up without a fight . 
  so now we have learned historical lessons and know how should we act in such scenario . 
  yep your point of view is clear . 
  however lithuanians would rather die than come under russian rule again, 
  the last sentence should read * till 2014 there is no special law which regulates such relations . 
   hm , but you 've got a form of non-marriage registered partnership for heterosexuals , right ? 
  nope , it is proposed tho . 
  you mean more reliable than vice-speaker of russian parliament saying these things himself live on national tv ? 
  it 's still called * milicia * in ukraine and belarus . 
   nope wee need less wars dismantling nato will be a good step frontward have you heard saying `` if you want peace , prepare for war '' ? 
  if it 's not proven then it 's not proven . 
  if it 's proven then it 's proven . 
  what 's the problem ? 
  it 's not that they attack gays they are treated harsher , it 's because they attack gays because they are gays . 
  same goes for attacking jews f.e. 
  if two guys get in a fight in a bar , let 's say pole attacks a jew fella because he spilled his drink , it 's just a minor incident . 
  if the pole attack a jew because he hears him speaking yiddish , that 's a hate crime and will be treated harshly . 
  one of the most frequent argument when talking about hitler 's good jobs is `` well , he built good roads '', 
   held extravagant rallies in order to spread propaganda  threatened workers to gain their votes  party has disproportionate access to financial funds , total control over news media , and state resources such as the police . 
  well these things happen kinda everywhere more or less . 
  but yeah , i get what you are saying, 
  are there any significant differences between two sides ( european west vs conservative east ) in regards to relationship with greece and the cyprus question ? 
  i thought orban was second, 
  you can question his actions , can you question his legitimacy tho ? 
  yay !, 
  we are not most homophobic country in eu . 
  thanks braliukas . 
  you mean nationalize all tv stations , control all newspapers and radios , ban independent bloggers and internet news sites in all the europe , and then you can move europe 's political system wherever you want ? 
  yep , sounds about right . 
  how many cities were bombed when russia took crimea ? 
  how many cities were bombed before separatists started attacking army and border guard buildings ? 
  btw , bombed city looks like [ this ] ( http://img3067.imagevenue.com/images/loc62/32474_park_of_victoryx_122_62lo.jpg ) . 
  that 's how russia deals with separatism in chechnya . 
   i 'm not mentioning insane anti-russian propaganda that was all over ukraine for 23 years . 
  this is probably most ridiculous statement one can make . 
  oh , why i even bother . 
  you are just another vatnik . 
  it 's impossible to talk to you using reason . 
  it seems like it 's some annual festival in the city of sevastopol . 
  in the beginning the biker guy remembers wwii , praises soviet victory , praises stalin . 
  talks about fascism raising his head again , how government in kiev is fascist , and how all the ukraine is going straight into chaos because of that . 
  `` the new fight with fascism is inevitable , [ 11th stalin 's blow is inevitable ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stalin's_ten_blows ) '' . 
  about minute 5 the commentator joins in . 
  he talks about surroundings where the show takes place , who is participating in this show , that it 's unique show in the world ( no shit huh ) , how many participants there are and abstract stuff like that . 
  then about 12th minute biker guy recites some poetry ( probably some propagandist made before the show ) . 
  do n't get a full meaning , maybe someone will correct me . 
  i think he talks how ukraine sold out , betrayed graves of their grandfathers . 
  and because of that he then foresees the future of ukraine , saying she is destined to become a slave of her master . 
  now it 's unclear who 's the master in this situation , might be europe/usa , might be russia . 
  on 15th minute he apologizes for not interfering earlier ( ? 
  ) , for not being able to stop nazis burning people in odessa , something something oath to stalin , apologizes for lost lives of soldiers , blood in cities and destroyed factories . 
  then the rapper joins in how novorussia is burning , asks why we ( russia ) are still not helping , are n't we ready ? 
  can it be that we are giving up just as we did when we lost yugoslavia to usa ? 
  sos is heard from over there ( ukraine ) , they are hoping for our russian armour . 
  mother russia will pay it 's debts , we will hug our brother . 
  donbass , south-east will take to us to russian south-west . 
  on separatist 's breast the russian motherland cries . 
  but on our soil traitors also rise each day !, 
  then a song about sevastopol coming back to russia . 
  did you know donbas had the best airport in europe ? 
   russia today is germany after wwi  but i 'm sure your countries are fine that 's not really reassuring :(, 
  i really hope that shows like these are just to scare people to not try this at home , so that after they see someone protesting against government , everyone would hate protesters for trying to bring chaos upon them . 
  i really hope that 's the case , and not the plan to implant `` let 's invade ukraine '' kind of idea . 
  stop at 9:42 and look at his eyes . 
  the poor boy , he has no chance . 
  damn i feel so sorry for sober russians . 
  to live in a country full of zombies who are day by day fed this hateful rhetoric .
