  you editorialized the submission title while expressing your personal opinion that the punishment was only mild . 
  pretty clear-cut rule breaking if you ask me . 
  but better do n't since i 'm not a mod , so whatever . 
  it 's a russian anti-kremlin news site , if you think the article has any other aim you 're just being a fool . 
   for example cff director said it would be `` the greatest ever for croatia '' - this one ca n't even get into top 10 . 
  so basically unexpected to you , since you fall for fearmongering of the said figure ? 
   the original title is `` disciplinary - uefa.org '' . 
  you could have used `` sanctions imposed on croatian football federation '' , or quoted some other relevant part of the text . 
  what you did is breaking this rule :  please do n't editorialize the submission title if you are posting a news article . 
  submission title changes that introduce editorialization or rhetoric will be removed . 
  please express your personal opinion in the comments , not the title . 
  the article and topic here is about russia denying using cluster bombs , and how their lies were exposed accidentally by their own propaganda channel . 
  again , how does anything you write have to do with that topic ? 
  yes , please do tell your personal experience . 
  what product prices did experience `` big jump '' ? 
  cauliflower stories ... so one product experienced 50 % increase in price for a short period of time because of the shortage and everyone freaked out . 
  what of it ? 
  new player entering a new market , which is known for being a discounter , and offering good deals on products . 
  what of it ? 
  most of all i 'm interested in your experience , and your family members and friends . 
  where 's that `` big jump '' ? 
  i mean there 's always those who have no clue what inflation is , and how prices rise all the time , and attribute any increase to euro . 
  i have not met anyone tho , who 's saying that prices `` tripled or quadrupled almost overnight '' . 
  and i have no idea why you think i have not read your nonsensical comment . 
  i would say it 's perfectly expected , and not mild at all . 
  also , there 's a rule against editing the titles , especially when pushing your opinions and agenda . 
  i have no idea what the article has to do with the outlook of europeans towards the refugees . 
  where the hell do you get your information form ? 
  there 's practically no price jump in lithuania after adoption of euro . 
  it 's still state-owned and state-controlled , as is channel one or rossya , why should n't it be called state television ? 
  i see . 
  but if we apply this ending , why everyone was saying nebeprisiki\u0161kiakopust\u0117liaudavome was the longest one ? 
  nebeprisiki\u0161kiakopust\u0117liaudavusiesiems is a longer version . 
  the article does n't mention it , but the video tries to show it ( tho explanation is in russian ) : rt already deleted and reuploaded that video with no footage of use of cluster bombs . 
   people in the accession countries ( i.e. 
  who have adopted the euro claim that prices tripled or quadrupled almost overnight from their old currencies . 
  who are those people ? 
  never met one . 
  what 's the longer one ? 
  not exactly getting what you 're saying . 
  are you saying the situation worsened ? 
   no need for artificial insemination or anything . 
  there are loads and loads of heterosexual couples who can not birth children in a natural way . 
  are you saying science and medicine should n't help them either ? 
  why do you think marriage between a man and a man can not mean responsibility towards each other and their adopted or born with surrogate help children ? 
   it could cause less commitment to marriage as institution , people will think that you do n't need children for marriage . 
  western societies suffer decrease in child birth rates many years before gay marriages started to be institutionalized . 
  it 's caused mainly by the drive to be successful carrier-wise . 
  i do n't know any researches showing that heterosexual couples start thinking that they should not make children because gay people are able to marry as well , neither do you , but in my mind it sounds absurd . 
   promiscuity and liberalization of sexual behaviors which could all cause spread of std 's . 
  how will two people agreeing to join in a monogamous ( in most cases ) marriage help spread stds ? 
   i do n't think christian philosophy has idea of progress on social matters . 
  history shows that religion is changing , adapting , from the early times . 
  for example the invention of jesus was one of the most radical changes the original judaism experienced . 
  right now vatican has synods ( or whatever they 're called ) every 5 or 10 years ~ , to decide what to change and how to approach different social situations . 
  and in the past few hundred years it has changed as radically as jesus changed the meaning of the old testament i guess , coincidentally as the society progressed . 
   `` word of god '' as they say well yeah , they say . 
  and everyone has its own interpretation of that word . 
  people are willing to close their eyes for some lines and not others to fit their beliefs even if all is written on the same page in the same `` holy '' book . 
   are they higher in some of less progressed countries though ? 
  in africa , asia . 
  see , depression is kinda 1st-world problem because it is highly underreported in less developed places . 
  but you can always try to see the correlation in those two indexes : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/world_happiness_report https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/human_development_index, 
  have you heard of surrogate mothers ? 
  also there are countless children in the world who are abandoned by their biological parents and would love to have a true family , true loving parents , heterosexual or not . 
   christianity offer better moral standarts anyway christianity offer what people decide for it to offer . 
  just as islam and koran , and any other human-created belief or moral system . 
  for example some years ago christianity offered moral system where `` negroes '' were sub-humans so they could have been exploited as slaves . 
  and then it changed . 
  right now christianity offers explanation that `` gay '' is bad . 
  but it 's already changing if you have n't noticed . 
  unless you 're up for the task to tell the pope how your interpretation of christianity moral system should be the main one , not to mention hundreds if not thousands of different protestant christianity churches who even marry gay people in their services . 
  no you did n't . 
  i 'm asking you how does two dudes marrying influence birth rates and sexual diseases ? 
   they should n't because they are not a real family . 
  no i know , `` real '' is what laws mean these days . 
  and we 're saying that these laws should be changed , because gay people contribute towards the society in the exact same way , so they should get the exact same protection and benefits from the state in return . 
  depression problems are far more depressing in countries like lithuania , latvia , russia , even if most of it are not reported . 
  suicide numbers show the true reality tho . 
  social progress mean that societies learnt to accept minority rights , to feel compassion , to understand that people are people and everyone should have equal rights , opportunities and so on , to happily co-exist . 
  unfortunately societies that do not understand this struggle in every way , including in economy . 
  and most progress has been done after the industrial revolution , when everyone got much richer and it was achieved way faster than during any period of time before . 
  such `` socialist '' ideas like worker rights , women rights , non-white people rights , and minorities right in general help create wealthy and healthy atmosphere in the society . 
   lower birth rates how does two dudes marrying influence birth rates ? 
   sexual diseases how does two dudes marrying influence sexual diseases ? 
   bankruptcy of virtues bankruptcy of intolerancy , phobias , aggressiveness towards different-minded ? 
  i 'm all for it . 
   negative view towards family in general why should someone 's view change towards family if two loving people are marrying each other ? 
  for example ? 
  call it what you will , however all the stats show that , for example , highest happiness index is achieved in countries which are socially progressive . 
  how does two dudes marrying affect you in any way ? 
   now , gays can get civil partnership , so that covers things like hospital visits . 
  in lithuania they still ca n't , as well as in many other places . 
  such a handsome dude with evelish look . 
  i doubt you know lithuanians as well as you think you do , 
  did they ? 
  i do n't remember it happening , or reading about it , and for example [ here ] ( http://www.alfa.lt/straipsnis/15146918/baltijos-pasididziavimas-vilniaus-centre-ivyko-homoseksualu-eitynes ) talks nothing about the protesters throwing something at the participants . 
  well to be fair , nothing really `` happened '' last time either , just more protesters , of whom some tried to disturb things and got arrested , like one infamous parliament member . 
  but no violence or anything like that . 
  oh it was false-flag operation as well ?
