  lithuania has pegged litas to euro on 2002 and since that time one of our main political goals was to adopt euro . 
  we tried this unsuccessfully on 2007 , then we delayed our goal for few years . 
  then global crisis struck so everything was postponed till 2014 , and then 2015 . all the main political parties ( left , center , right ) alongside vast majority of economy experts in lithuania do agree that euro is good for the country . 
  final decision to submit request in 2014 was reached 2013 midsummer i believe , so it has absolutely nothing to do with russian/ukrainian events . 
  probably because of very strict and conservative view towards anything related to sex during communist regimes . 
  nope . 
  edited . 
  yet another european confuses slovenia with slovakia . 
  i am ashamed of myself :(, 
  and it 's all because not enough people came to referendum to vote for same-sex marriage being legal , though majority slovak people support that . 
  edit : very sorry , mistaken for slovenian referendum https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slovenian_family_code_referendum,_2012, 
   well , that does n't fit what i am reading from economists , including the former chief of the danish national bank you mean danish euro-sceptic media ? 
  i am not economist and neither are you i believe , so we can only cite pro and anti euro articles . 
  i only know two things - where the political will exists - any potential problem is solvable , and let 's not forget that solving problems together is easier than on your own . 
  which is basically whole idea for united europe . 
  secondly , lithuania in current situation only benefits of joining eurozone . 
  sadly , it is the last country to do so with no new members joining in a foreseeable future . 
  of course we could let imagination run wild , however historically national side design on every lithuanian coin was coat of arms . 
  oh estonia , our little \u00f5de, 
  euro on its own has nothing to do with spain 's problems . 
  yes , it eliminates possibility of devaluation , though it creates other possibilities of solving problems as well as increased stability . 
  euro was n't and is not perfect currency since it was created to soon without thorough examination of potential scenarios especially in crisis situations . 
  however , it was and still is political decision with a lot of commitment and it has a lot of positive effects economically as well as politically . 
  you are citing sources that are 2-3 years old , when some economists were predicting downfall of euro and even abolishment altogether . 
  as we see euro is alive and well as latest data shows and prognosis are being optimistic . 
  i guess only time will tell what will happen to this political experiment since so many top-class economists have or had very different hypothesis . 
  as for today - euro is n't going nowhere . 
  crisis would have happened with or without euro as a single european currency . 
  the only difference is that countries might have reacted differently . 
  greece might have devalued drachma drastically and even underwent bankruptcy . 
  now it was saved by germany and france . 
  problem was that southern countries rigged their fiscal data and spent more than they could . 
  lessons were learned however . 
  euro is stronger , security system is in place , ecb controlling banks more thoroughly . 
  http://www.cnbc.com/id/101146899 while some countries like poland , hungary and czech might have their doubts towards euro , small countries like lithuania , latvia , slovenia is definitely better of with single currency and they do not have to have level of economy as high as germany . 
  lithuania is a member of eu and nato , so adopting euro as a currency does n't change that much in terms of security . 
  since litas was pegged to euro for 12 years already it does n't change almost nothing either in terms of trade with russian businesses as litas/rubble exchange rate was always influenced almost identically as euro/rubble exchange rate . 
  well technically every country is able to delay the adoption of euro indefinitely . 
  referendum was held . 
  it was in 2003 when we said yes for joining eu and accepting every term that came with it , including adopting euro as the currency as soon as possible . 
  in times like these , i can not be more glad about these news . 
  euro in all baltic countries , nato troops on the ground . 
  when compared to situation in ukraine , i feel that we ( baltic people ) are so freakin ' lucky now despite our tragic and very complicated history . 
  oh what a surprise , the one crying about all the news about russia and stuff , is not `` convinced '' russia is involved in the conflict . 
  in all honesty though , what exactly is your concern here ? 
  if users do n't want to see/read/discuss some submissions , they downvote and move on . 
  or they filter it out , as kind mods provided this tool for us . 
  who are you to tell if `` there 's too much '' of something ? 
  if there would be too much of it , it would n't be upvoted and make it all the tops , do n't you agree ? 
  the greatest thing about reddit and its subreddits is they are user-driven , user-contributed , user-moderated . 
  if you do n't like the submission - you downvote . 
  if more users feel this way , it wo n't show up in top25 . 
  also , do you know another european country that wages war against other european country at the moment , and is killing its opposition politicians right in the capital center ? 
  btw , there 's a link on the sidebar to filter out russia/ukraine related news . 
  duly noted . 
  thanks for shopping . 
  nah , he will actually work . 
  by cia i reckon . 
  no , many of them are genuine russian nationalists-imperialists . 
  yeah , imagine you interviewing your father live on national tv . 
  he even said something along the lines `` i do n't know if you remember , you were 10 at that time , but we saw her together ( thatcher ) '' . 
  hence the cute giggle and quick glance away . 
  actually she 's all professional and all that . 
  summoning / u/dngrs to answer this . 
  6 comments today , 5 comments in one thread yesterday , quite a few more spotted at least by me in other threads . 
  it adds up . 
  also , it 's only / r/europe , i do not regularly read / r/worldnews or other politics oriented subreddits , but i guess they are more popular target for those shills . 
  why would i ? 
  same thing yesterday . 
  for example [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2xg8pt/a_happy_man_the_life_of_boris_nemtsov/ ) thread , at least 5 recently created accounts blaming west and cia for nemtsov murder , all with european flags . 
  afterwards they were deleted , however one user made the [ screenshots ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2xg8pt/a_happy_man_the_life_of_boris_nemtsov/cozvs50 ) . 
  plenty . 
  washington alley , lviv , riga , tallinn , navahrudak , oslo , jerusalem , krakow , latvian , jewish , russian , german , tatar , taras shevchenko , immanuel kant streets . 
  have you heard of nordics ? 
  where did i say that ? 
  in that interview they talk exclusively about margaret thatcher , and says nothing about the current state of politics in russia . 
  boris was an interviewee because he was one of the organizers of thatcher visit to russia some 20 years ago . 
  channel is known for some objectivity ( to a degree ) , because they sometimes invite guests that speak out against putin 's economic policies ( though they are encouraged by the hosts even on air to not to speak against putin in particular , rather to criticize other financial institutions of the country ) . 
  that 's exactly how vast majority of russians think . 
  even significant part of those who do n't like the path the country is taking now , will still get behind everything what was said on that video . 
  but he did n't and that 's what i pointed out ... 
  it does n't really matter what the residents of this particular territory can do , what matters is that eu laws do n't apply to it , therefore it 's not a part of the eu . 
  examples of out of europe eu-proper are reunion and french guiana . 
  mayotte is not new caledonia ... or is it some joke i do n't get ? 
  yeah , i 'm familiar with the meme , but the link you provided actually supports my statement . 
  is this some joke i do n't get ? 
  remain ? 
  they 're not in eu even now . 
  did he drop some pravyi sektor business cards at the crime scene too ? 
  you scored first ? 
  that 's nice . 
  amazon prime for a couple of bucks . 
  no , he was n't . 
  it was said from the beginning that he was internal security , he was `` just working on the border to catch cigarette smugglers '' or whatever - that may have been the cover story . 
  you mean special agent ? 
  'cause federal agent can be called a building inspector working for federal building inspection or whatever . 
   did you just us russia today as source for something that happened ? 
  come on man . 
  ftfy . 
  well , they kinda did that already .
