  what you might have stumbled upon is just basic `` i do n't like no-one '' lithuanian type , which is pretty common i suppose . 
  if you would tell more about specific interactions it would be very interesting to hear . 
  also , when i saw that many of the danish and us soldiers was stationed in rukla i became worried what kind of impression this town will leave . 
  basically it is poorest town in the lithuania . 
  it is home for refugee reception center which brings in a lot of non-working refugees . 
  also there 's social housing projects for the poorest and mostly anti-social individuals . 
  and since only lithuanian army there is a working force , all town is just a biggest shithole we have . 
  what do you call national guard in lithuania ? 
  sounds very cool . 
  in which town are you stationed now ? 
  are you rotating now through the baltics or will you stay in one location until the end of the year ? 
  there are a lot of good quality and friendly music festivals here in lithuania too , 2 that i know of in latvia too . 
  depends what kind of music are you in to ? 
  also , what kind of sightseeing are you into ? 
  would definitely recommend tallinn , vilnius ( and trakai nearby ) and nida . 
  if you are into some authentic shit then kernav\u0117 , anyk\u0161\u010diai , bir\u017eai , \u0160v\u0117k\u0161na . 
  you have n't watched russian tv lately i suppose . 
  they blame usa for situation in east ukraine btw . 
  and they think nato will attack them at some point . 
  sure , no government of russia probably would not attack usa directly - they are brave only against smaller and military weaker nations so yeah , feel free , withdraw troops , leave nato and watch what happens . 
  actually , break the alliances with australia and nz . 
  fuck the israel too . 
  build chinese wall on mexico border and call it freedom border . 
  then wait for wwiii to start , * somehow * get involved ( as someone suggested itt ) , win it after half the world is in ashes and start all over again with marshal plans and making new alliances like the nato after ww2 . 
  because , you know , history is bound to repeat itself . 
  1 . organize referendum 2 . leave eu 3 . join russian/eurasian bloc 4 . 
  5 . profit do n't like british media slagging you off ? 
  poor bulgaria . 
  change the corrupted government , improve police work to deal with human traffickers and gypsy thieves who infests every other eu country and learn to work in a team . 
  it 's a political union , not just an economical one . 
  or else just leave eu and nato since it 's so bad there . 
  please tell us more . 
  what kind of experiences did you have so far ? 
  that 's not the issue at all if i understand correctly what you are implying . 
  german military is n't very powerful actually . 
  obviously baltics would welcome any kind of nato members base , however when we can theoretically get the best there is - us soldiers , why not ask for it ? 
  attack on us military base , or us soldiers killed in action in some theoretical scenario would mean that russia started straight up military conflict with the us . 
  and in this case size does n't matter . 
  i do n't think we are in actual need ( at least for now ) for nato bases consisting of 10k soldiers or whatever . 
  500 or even 100 soldiers would suffice since it 's more about political statement . 
  yes , and we are very grateful for that and to danish military for [ that ] ( http://www.lithuaniatribune.com/68876/nato-starts-largest-ever-saber-strike-2014-exercises-in-baltic-states-201468876/ ) . 
  however , it 's only exercises and us forces will stay only till the end of this year . 
  we want permanent base with us and other nato soldiers . 
  oh i would love for germans to take these lands back . 
  unfortunately this is only a dream :(, 
  while this is true , thing is that scenario of total russian army invasion and full-blown conventional war ( f.e. 
  russia attacking all 3 baltic countries all at once , closing corridor between poland and lithuania and so on ) is n't biggest concern per se . 
  more likely scenario would be russians crossing let 's say latvian border to `` protect '' russian-speaking community in the city of daugavpils . 
  if there were a nato base and us soldiers deployed it would downgrade chances of something like that happening . 
  and we have to thank nato for that . 
  if nato would have disbanded itself , as you have suggested , there would have been a lot of crimean scenarios all over baltics f.e. 
  because russia still has real and dangerous imperialistic ambitious regardless . 
  can you not see that ? 
  us would be a lot more useful ally if these garrisons would exist in poland and baltics too . 
  first of all you need to remember that all the countries in european union + norway , switzerland , iceland , vatican , san marino , lichtenstein and monaco do n't have border control with each other so you can travel freely as you would in the usa . 
  there 's an exception of uk and ireland but there 's not much difference anyway . 
  most european countries have good , wide , fast , reliable railway network , which means travels in most cases are as not expensive as air travel , they might be even faster and more frequent . 
  as a lithuanian i would encourage you to visit [ nida ] ( http://www.lithuania.travel/images/88/4/10_6/neringa2.jpg ) , there 's oslo-palanga connection ( airport nearby ) . 
  that 's why i would enjoy reading all that shit . 
  variety of absurd comments could be infinite . 
  lithuanians latvians and estonians were never and will never be welded together as one people with russians . 
  period . 
  if you honestly believe in what you are saying - you are truly fucked-up in the head . 
  even for the blatant lies that come from russia 's propaganda machine statements like that are truly shocking . 
  haha , liked the gay-friendly neighborhood idea . 
  we should have that hoax in lithuania . 
  would love to read full of hatred and totally confused comments in the media sites and on facebook bitching how straight people are discriminated against . 
  also , congrats on the amazing victory !, 
  wtf do you mean by that ? 
  so was it or was it not * foreign * occupation ? 
  i will quote you :  it was n't a foreign occupation . 
  thats like national guard from virginia ` occupying ' texas . 
  it 's still one country . 
   they were brought in against their will , and even stayed against their will, 
  i do n't understand you . 
  wan na answer me in russian ? 
  you admit that baltic states were occupied against their will but in the same time you say that since they were part of ussr , red army being there was understandable ? 
  what ? 
  baltic states did not become part of ussr on their own, 
  also [ video archive ] ( http://www.lrs.lt/intl/nato.show?theme=1064&amp;lang=2&amp;p_do_search=media ) from the whole parliamentary assembly . 
  are there truly naive western europeans who believe separatists took weapons on their own and started this deadly conflict ? 
  every day there are trucks full of gunmen and weaponry crossing unguarded russian-ukrainian border . 
  well , it 's unguarded only from one side , since one of the first targets by these terrorists/separatists were ukrainian border guard posts . 
  russian border guard plays active role in this conflict ( meaning supports the terrorism ) , and need i remind you , that for that kind of shit usa and nato have had military operations in iraq and afghanistan . 
  not to mention breaking every possible international law and disregarding countless bilateral agreements russia and ukraine has . 
  maybe it 's only me , but due to phrasing of some questions i can feel that you are leftist . 
  edit : as i am reading more questions i have no doubt in that . 
  that 's why i believe this test could n't show one 's true political views . 
  also , when asked about rich people being taxed too high , should i think about france , uk or austria ? 
  what kind of response are you hoping for ? 
  so you think phrase `` russians still have very little regard for human life . '', 
  when talking about 1944 russian army commanders means that `` every russian despises human life '' and `` all 150 million russians are responsible for what a few members of the government did '' ? 
  and who said that every russian despises human life ? 
  who said that ? 
  winter is coming . 
  gervais ' choice would be iceland - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=epf6kdmbonc, 
  i love how you justify anti-semitism by saying `` well , they are anti-gipsy too '', 
  i kinda feel that westerners in their safe homes have forgotten that russia is and always has been a threat . 
  i do n't mind a reminding . 
  ca n't disagree more .
