  not really sure why you would argue about that . 
   you deligitimize the opposition and rob half or at least a big part of the ukrainian population from their demoratic rights . 
  half ? 
  9 % more like it . 
  who did i rob ? 
  what has it do with democratic rights ? 
  they had the right to participate in elections and few of them got elected . 
   glory to bandera/stalin what kind of drugs do you use , seriously ? 
  you come from serbia . 
  you probably know what people are capable during the war . 
  putting some corrupt criminal politician who 's working for interests of the state that is waring with you into the trash container is n't that bad considering . 
  it is illegal , yes . 
  however these actions are easily understandable and even justifiable . 
  those who started the fire are responsible for slaughter and should be brought to justice . 
  i will not go into the conspiracy theories that this particular fire was very useful for tsar putin and co , and why there were found substances which helped a fire to spread rather fast . 
  and i 'm not at liberty to answer in any way why ukrainian justice system has n't done its job yet . 
  tho there are some objective obstacles that come to mind . 
  however , i did not join in the discussion before you started twisting facts , telling lies , and denying obvious truth supported by multiple video evidence . 
  yep . 
  sadly for you version of current events that is in course with my ideology is called reality . 
  like the video of pro-russians shooting at the ukrainians . 
  i really do n't care what you believe . 
  you are sad dumb little man living in the alternate universe denying facts , creating conspiracy theories and worshiping tsar who 's running your homeland to the ground . 
  i just really hope you live long enough to see your fascist country getting crushed in every way possible . 
  this was just one instance . 
  there are other videos and many more shooters . 
  just browse a bit . 
  that 's why talking with dumb vatniks like you is accounting to nothing . 
  even when there are video evidence you deny facts and create conspiracy theories about lizardmen , cia and whatnot . 
  just gtfo and go watch kiseliov . 
  this is the aftermath . 
  pro-russian thugs were shooting during the march and hiding behind the police like a little bitches . 
  you can lie or believe whatever you want how much you like , i was watching live stream that day and saw shootings and everything with my own eyes . 
  wtf do you mean in the past ? 
  these pro-russian thugs were shooting at ukrainians while hiding behind the police forces , and then ran to that building . 
  compare pro-russian votes and pro-eu/ukrainian votes and do n't play dumb here . 
  do you mean in person ? 
  it would be quite interesting to find out his reddit username , 
  and you 're the one who is the smartest and sees everything from above . 
  then gtfo vatnik, 
   still many pro-russians in the east , perhaps the majority both representatives and population . 
  absolute bs . 
  check the election results . 
  glad you get it . 
  but seriously , think about it . 
  these politicians are the reason why maidan started , they are the 5th column . 
  they are the people who acts in the interest of the occupying force . 
  i 'm not advocating using force in any way , tho i can really understand where these actions are coming from . 
  you got a bit lucky . 
  german language is actually widely taught , however just as 2nd foreign language ( after english ) , but yeah , there are some percentage of population who actually knows it well . 
  even some of the older generation knows german cause they were taught it as 2nd language instead of english . 
  honestly i do not see anything wrong with it . 
  country is at war , may i remind you , and compared to what the angry mob may do to corrupt pro-russian politicians right now they are acting very civilized . 
  if someone is crying `` b-b-but she 's a woo man '' , well , it has been already 3 ( ? ), 
  instances when male politicians were thrown into the a trash container , so just get off your high horse . 
   they say they have a healthy airliner industry . 
  it is n't bad , but i would n't call it good either . 
  1 municipality owned airline company with only 2 planes . 
  municipality itself is in huge debt , airline does n't show profit yet and it 's doubtful it will . 
  1 private budget charter airlines . 
  they 're doing ok i guess . 
  1 private cargo airlines , doing not so good . 
  that 's it . 
  drug dealers actually give you discounts if you buy in large amounts . 
  in other words , tip is already included in the price . 
  maybe latvia is different then , tho i did not get impression when i visited riga and liepoja quite a few times . 
  i know there are people who do not leave tips . 
  some because of homosovieticus mindset , some say : i 've been to western europe , nobody leaves tips there !, 
  therefore in their minds it automatically means that nobody should leave tips over here too . 
  tho reality is this : waitresses do expect clients to leave tips , because they are heavily underpaid , and tips make up a significant amount of their income . 
  whether it is a healthy practice or not depends on what 's your political views i guess ( socialist or liberal ) . 
  good for you, 
  you can ask the tip to be included to the cc bill , tho it 's not a common practice . 
  just leave an euro or something behind , or even ask to break a $ 5 note , if you do not have any coins , they are happy to do it and really appreciate the effort . 
  lithuania ( latvia , estonia too i reckon ) : tipping waitresses is expected , at least 5 % , for good service 10-15 % . 
  at the pubs , kebab inns and places like that there are tip jars too . 
  taxi drivers ( if they are not ripping you off in the first place ) will expect you to round up the sum you pay , general rule of thumb - add $ 0.5-1 to the amount shown on the taximeter . 
  portishead and massive attack are from bristol ? 
  you lucky bastard . 
  [ ekspresas - gali gali ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gtqchlqc9so ), 
  few short distances with possible 240kmph speed does n't mean trains will go that fast . 
  realistically , and i can bet on that , there will be no trains going over 200kmph anywhere . 
  the difference being you get your info from media which just reposts everything wishful agreements say , i know a little bit more . 
  yes , there may be few short distances where 240kmph speed may be possible , however , in reality there will be no network of 240kmph gauges since it does require cosmical amounts of investments which would never pay off . 
  not again . 
  i had this duscussion already with some estonian from the dreamland in previous thread about rb . 
  if you are really interested i will find you the links later ( now im on my phone ) , for starters few headnotes : it is called rbi and rbii in official eu documents . 
  poland-kaunas is part of rb there will be no other gauge built poland-kaunas there will be no 240km/h speeds anywhere, 
  actually i 've heard that stereotype ( s ) before . 
  one instance i can recall is that chinese tourists/immigrants are kinda ashamed of being chinese for some reason , so they pretend to be south korean . 
  dunno how widespread it is , it may be just some anecdotal evidence i stumbled upon . 
  also , and i know it for a fact , that a lot of japanese ( dunno about other asians ) are feeling shy and kinda ashamed because they fell like they do not know english very well , so they choose to stay out of conversation , tho in reality their english is quite good , so afaik it 's just some cultural thing . 
  the only negativity i have heard from locals towards asians ( specifically chinese ) , that they talk mandarin with everyone - when ordering food , when asking directions , etc. 
  only rbi is under construction , that is poland-kaunas . 
  it will be finished in a year or so . 
  this venture is for kaunas-tallinn , called rbii . 
   i would never imagine that young russian lads and gals want to fight a war you do n't know russia at all do you ... 
  my niece finished highschool in moscow few years ago . 
  about 10 years ago , when she was 11-12 , she said very harsh insulting words about lenin and stalin . 
  when asked where did she learn that from , she said she was taught that in school .
