  by this thinking everyone who holds any power over anyone is in itself wrong , because a corruption may happen . 
   nomination-based system in eu . 
  again , all executive powers in all the countries are nominated and appointed , except for the leader . 
  and then you go by  hope you see the difference how british pm come to power and how president of the european council does . 
  but they are not the parallels . 
  you admit yourself tusk does n't hold any power . 
  parallel for british pm would be president of european commission who was presented as a candidate from pan-european christian-democrat party and since this party won the ep elections , he was voted by the ep to lead the executive body . 
  i may have some suggestions how the eu institutions should be improved , however i see practically no problem with secret ballots in certain instances . 
  and i would really like to hear your explanation why secret ballots are ok in military issues , and why they are not in other . 
  also would like to see your response to [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4pz405/what_average_scots_know_about_european_union/d4owotk ) post and whether you think norway is democracy or not . 
  what do you think a secret ballot is , and how does voting for military issues may require one , but for some other issue it 's a `` no no no '' ? 
  ok , you are entitled to your opinion , i 'm simply stating a fact that secret voting is a common practice in many parliaments around the world , and i 'm explaining you what is the reasoning since you said that the eu did not explain it to the general public . 
  i think you are very confused young man . 
  is norway a democratic country ? 
  because here 's the requirements for being appointed a member of their executive power ( the cabinet ) :  being member of parliament is not a requirement . 
  however , since the introduction of parliamentarism in 1884 , all members of the cabinet must have the express support of the legislature . 
  in addition , they must hold norwegian citizenship and be eligible to vote , meaning that they have attained the age of 18 . 
  where are you from ? 
  do you not have secret votings in your parliament ? 
  the reasoning is very simple , it 's not to feel pressure for a mp from their party , because the idea is that they have a * free * mandate . 
  i honestly do not get this argument . 
  how many executive powers in the world gets elected and not appointed ? 
  * implying everything is not fucking expensive already . 
  according some users critique of russian government is being anti-russian , but i suggest not to pay much attention to trolls like that . 
  oh i would like to see the creators of in the loop getting a stab at this whole story . 
  white stork is lithuania 's as well . 
  if everyone was rich , there would be no poor people . 
  does the serial truly have twists any more ? 
  i would n't say that . 
  croats now are the only ones who can not move and work freely in all other states . 
  it 's already tier-based , i 'm not really sure why people pretend it 's not . 
  not everyone 's in schengen , not everyone 's in eurozone , some are determined to never join . 
  then we have iceland , norway and to a lesser extent switzerland , which all share most of the legislation , free labour movement , part of schengen etc. 
  i. . do n't know where the explanation is ? 
  i mean , what does it say that db 's derivative exposure is 16 times bigger than germany 's gdp ? 
  and thanks for downvoting for asking a question , really helps to spread your message . 
  could you explain what this graph shows ? 
  see , scientists have not found a way to broadcast sound with moving pictures simultaneously yet . 
   this was more than a referendum about economics . 
  this referendum was n't about economics at all . 
  and yet i fail to see the reason why you talk to me about the referendum . 
  are you sure you know to whom you are replying ? 
  i did not mention the uk 's referendum at all . 
   no they are n't but one leads to another , so kind of . 
  so what you mean by `` euro-zone is crashing '' is that euro is losing its value ? 
  are you aware that it 's called quantitative easing , and it 's been done on purpose ? 
  obviously you are free to argue that it will have negative impacts , but i am interested to know what do you think `` euro-zone crash '' will be exactly , and when should we expect it ? 
   norway and switzerland do n't have to join the eu because it would be to their disadvantage . 
  i did n't ask their reasons , i know them very well , i was debunking your claim that countries will get referendums until they vote to join . 
   i ca n't explain the explain the euro-zone in 1 freaking comment , at least you should have some interest and document yourself in that regard . 
  and why do you think i need explaining what euro-zone is ? 
   the euro-zone is falling just like the us dollar has fallen since 2008 on the same policies i 've mentioned above . 
  so falling or crashing ? 
  are these synonyms ? 
  nah , goal difference . 
  you said those countries who do not vote for joining will get referendums shoved until they vote to join . 
  i ask you you why it has n't happened with norway and you tell me about their reasons not to join . 
  what is this shit ? 
  and then you proceed to talk about us debt when i just asked what is this `` eurozone crashing and when will finally crash '' . 
  and then something about refugees slash migrants , and uk 's reasons to leave . 
  not a single question i 've raised you answered , and in no way does that have anything to do with my original post to you . 
  seriously , what is wrong with you ? 
  can you source pls ? 
  says the guy hiding under earth flair . 
   and what happens when you reject joinin the eu ? 
   you get another fucking referendum , till you join . 
  oh really ? 
  and how many referendums norway already had ? 
  why are they still not in the union ? 
   the ireland example . 
  the voters did not agree for some specific rules by a slim margin , got those rules expelled , and then agreed by a wiiiide margin . 
  how 's that not democratic ? 
   romania never had a referendum probably because it would have been pointless . 
  i do n't know romania 's laws , but yeah , we all know what the result would have been . 
   the crashing euro-zone in what sense is it crashing ? 
  when will it finally crash ? 
  any moment now i suspect ? 
  i hear the same about us ' debt and dollar and what not for like 40 years at least . 
   to adopt some ahmeds from middle east , giving you some panic everytime you walk down the the streets . 
  maybe see a doctor , the medicine is advanced enough to deal with such things nowadays . 
  i guess by not voting for that party in the next election that delegated that commissioner . 
  do you have some mechanisms in your country for voters to recall a minister ? 
  in my country it 's only done by voting in parliamentary elections . 
   where is the last time you saw a referendum of a country about joinin the eu ? 
  not sure what you mean . 
  all countries that joined in this century at least had a referendum . 
   lobby groups in brussels are the ones witht he strongest influence over the eu and not the people who elected them . 
  i would like to read more about this , for example what kind of legislations were influenced by those lobby groups . 
  i would like to see where are you getting your numbers , and what exactly they are . 
  one time you 're saying deficit is # 10b , another time it 's 10 % of gfp ( gdp ? 
  usage of english as a work-language can be done only in certain fields and certain areas . 
  and that guy is hated literally by everyone in russia right now . 
  why would you wait ? 
  nobody knows . 
  it was being discussed during the last scottish referendum , nobody could provide a define answer . 
  ~ ~ british ~ ~ politics is a mess . 
  you could n't do gardening tho . 
  when were those polls taken ? 
  during last 6 hours ? 
  when do you think he 'll institute the sharia law ?
