  tatars kidnapped and tortured themselves to make russia look bad ? 
  just as nemcov murder i suppose . 
   if going to a supermarket to buy food is your best argument , you do n't have much of an argument my argument is that there were occupying army soldiers in the streets . 
  which part do n't you get ? 
   the only military casualty if we do n't count those who got kidnapped , tortured , killed by other russian agencies . 
  they would have to get their russian passport issued in a rf region , and not in crimea , to be allowed to the eu . 
   well the passports themselves are equivalent they are not . 
  if the passport was issued in crimea it 's considered a rubbish-document in the eu . 
  soldiers want to buy food , the horror !, 
  the horror is that you do n't see horror in occupying country soldiers roaming through the streets . 
  but yeah , crimeans should be thankful that russia sent its special forces who did not loot as those regular army soldiers during georgian war , and were paying for their food . 
   the point is that whether crimean police and military helped or not does n't have any effect on whether it was a farce or not . 
  the only thing that matters is that a majority of the population wanted it what i was saying that russian special forces had to use force . 
  and yes , whether local police or military helped the occupying troops or not did not have any effect whether it was a farce or not . 
  it was a farce because of shitload of other reasons . 
   they were n't roaming much either , their concentrations were around ukrainian military targets first and foremost . 
  http://www.newscrimea.ru/wp-content/uploads/2014/10/5fkbj_nw2nu.jpg as for the navy , i still do n't get what you 're saying . 
  how any of what you 're saying now is counter-argument for what girkin is telling ? 
  when occupying army is roaming through your town and there 's a referendum going on on whether you join this country or not , it is to be considered that the referendum is held at the gun point . 
  or do you think it 's a non-issue ? 
  of course i remember seeing soldiers next to voting booths , and voting booths being outside , but it might have been all in the `` voting '' process in donbass region . 
  what you wanted to say about those three dozen officers who did a treason and joined the russian army afterwards i do not know . 
  lol , are you saying croatia wo n't get fined ? 
  http://www.newyorker.com/news/news-desk/thugs-on-the-streets-for-crimeas-referendum http://euromaidanpress.com/2015/01/24/ex-terrorist-leader-referendum-in-crimea-was-a-farce/#arvlbdata  our troops had to force the deputies into the oblast council hall so that these representatives would vote in favor of our initiatives . 
  i know this because i have been at the time commandeering one of such militant teams and i 've seen it all from the inside . 
  we had absolutely no support from the people , not to mention the army . 
  before someone starts crying `` it 's euromaidanpress.com , it 's all lies and propaganda '' , here 's the original video in russian : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pu3rpztu-oq, 
  http://www.rferl.org/content/crimea-tatar-killing-ukraine-russia-annexation-minority/25301602.html http://www.reuters.com/article/us-ukraine-crisis-torture-idusbrea390zp20140410 http://www.smithsonianmag.com/smart-news/kidnappings-torture-propaganda-advance-crimeas-secession-vote-180950516/?no-ist, 
  i mean i have been reading threads like this and saw hundreds if not thousands of posts like this made my half-wit trolls , but i have not seen until now an expression  eu annex former soviet country thanks buddy , you made my day . 
  are you saying there was no gun pointed ? 
  girkin himself admitted how they had to persuade crimean parliamentary members by threatening with force . 
  any crimean would laugh ? 
  including those who got kidnapped , tortured , killed , banned ? 
  yes , i am advocating for harsher sanctions as well . 
  for example making putin a persona non-grata in the civilized world . 
   is n't crimea a lost cause ? 
  it 's not coming back to ukraine that 's for sure . 
  even if pro-western government forms in russia , they wo n't just return crimea to ukraine . 
  best case scenario is setting up some special status like in hong kong , and agreeing to hold the referendum in 20 years or something . 
  however , even if crimea is `` lost cause '' in a sense that it is n't coming back to ukraine any time soon , russia still should be punished by the international community for what they did . 
  it 's a punishment for military actions in occupying neighbour territory in xxi century . 
  well one could argue that uefa on its own would rake bigger slice of the pie . 
  why did n't uefa brake away ? 
  is there still chance ? 
  fortunately . 
  you ca n't count for shit . 
  not even after you finish serving your term ? 
  i really doubt that 's the case, 
  a king joffrey 's whipping-boy parallel in the real world . 
  the thing is that `` overserving '' law is kinda wide-spread around the world i would say , so i would not consider it a crazy law . 
  i mean no one really enforces it , but it does exist in many countries . 
   you can only have alcohol in a car if it 's in the trunk . 
  small correction : you ca n't have * open * alcohol containers in a car with you . 
  however , no one can be fined because the law does n't talk about fines , so in reality passengers can drink as much alcohol as they want to . 
  can they do something with the mandates they get tho ? 
  it only does charter . 
  please provide examples since you know so much . 
  older than you that 's for sure . 
  prices in lithuania were always higher than in poland . 
  i would say that my daily food basket prices did increase around 10 % when compared to 2014 . 
  most of the prices remain absolutely the same tho . 
  so where 's your ` skyrocketing ' ? 
  i would say it 's one of the last reasons , if a reason at all . 
  if lithuania and poland had the same conditions competition-wise , how-big-is-the-market-wise , local-production-wise , then we could start considering vat as an influential figure towards the price . 
  are you saying lithuanians are storming poland 's supermarkets for 10-15 % cheaper meat ? 
   if you try to sell something for 3.63 and the competitor next door is selling the same thing for 3.00 most customers will buy the cheaper one . 
  if they 've been selling the product successfully for the said price , they will not start selling it cheaper just because . 
  there are many studies done that shows that lowering vat does not affect the end price for the consumer , just google a bit if you 're interested . 
  also , as i said , if product x is sold for $ 3.63 , in most cases it will mean , that the markets get this product x from retailer for $ 1 or so . 
  if two markets being next to each other ( meaning competition ) did n't drive the price down with such margins , lowering the vat will not do nothing as well . 
  i will give you an example from the real world , because it seems your real world and mine are from parallel universes . 
  next to me there there are maxima and iki practically next door . 
  some products in maxima cost ~ 50 % more than in iki , some products in iki cost ~ 50 % more . 
  if i 'm going for a daily shopping , will i first go to iki to find those cheaper products , and then come to maxima for the products which are cheaper over here ? 
  of course not , i will go to one of the stores and buy everything i need there . 
  maybe pensioners are running around the shops for cheaper products and cheaper deals , but for most customers some product costing 10 % is not a deal-breaker , other factors influence where a customer does his shopping . 
  are you running to maxima for cucumbers and to iki for potatoes ? 
  now another example , pilait\u0117 , vilnius . 
  there 's rimi , iki and maxima practically next doors . 
  i do n't know how the situation there is now , but some years ago all the stores there had huge deals , i think maxima had -50 % deals for your daily shopping products for customers `` who live in pilait\u0117 '' . 
  and no vat plays no part in these prices . 
  in general , i said in one of my first posts , vat `` practically '' does n't influence the price , tho it might for a short-term , and in some cases ( like electronics ) , for a long-term . 
  however , what / u/nerkuras originally said , that `` vat is the reason why products in lithuania are 2 times higher than in poland '' is absolute nonsense . 
  if vat in lithuania would be 100 % then it would be an explanation i guess . 
  and another case where vat does play a role to the end-price for consumer is when the sellers ca n't make practically no profit from selling , because of extreme competition , or because the product is on such a low demand , that the sellers are just happy to sell at least something , and that 's when they drive the price down . 
  so in that case lowering vat would lower the price for consumer , since there would be more space for sellers to compete in price , or they would be able to lower the price more so that even more people could buy the product . 
  however , in lithuania 's case , what is discussed right now - lowering vat for meat , or lowering vat for vegetables or whatever , will not influence prices a bit . 
  yes , maybe for a short-term , for markets to show that they 're playing along , but it will obviously comeback to the pre-lowering-vat level , because customers buy those products no matter what . 
  lidl entering the market will have much more influence than any vat lowerings could ever have . 
  colluding is illegal , `` artificial price inflation '' is not , whatever it means . 
  if maxima wants to start asking for one kilos of potatoes $ 50.00 , they 're allowed to . 
   if the meat has a production cost of 2.5 eur and market sells it for .5 eur profit , you add vat on top of that . 
  you remove vat market still sells it at 0.5 eur profit . 
  end customer pays less . 
  you underestimate how much a market makes from selling , but nonetheless , let 's look at your example , the true proportion would be 1:1 or even higher towards the market 's end . 
  depending on the type of goods obviously . 
  without being too specific about what `` production cost '' means , let 's assume that a market buys x from retailer for $ 2.5 , and sells it for $ 0.50 `` profit '' + vat . 
  so the total price right now in lithuania would be $ 3.63 . 
  now , let 's lose vat . 
  you 're saying , that the market would lower the price by 63 cents , and would sell x for consumer at $ 3.00 .
