  well you certainly do trust everything what rt spews, 
  just dont bother, 
  female agent !, 
  most stuff have european brand names , but a lot of it may be made elsewhere , search for `` by request of < insert eu brand name  made in russia '' on the tag, 
  alright , so moroccan tomatoes over dutch ? 
  how often do you apply it though ? 
  let 's say you go to the store to buy a belt , are you researching where was it made or the origin of the brand , and make your decision based on that ? 
  so you favor tunisian product over swedish one ? 
  are you actively checking out country of origin in grocery stores ? 
  how do you research number of factories , and what kind of products are we talking about in this case ? 
  but that has absolutely nothing to do with the single currency . 
  here in lithuania ( while we do n't have euro ) we pay even more for stuff like pc 's , smartphones , perfume and other products which are not made locally . 
   if i go to poland or lithuania , the price will be lower than here , in france ? 
  depends on what you want to buy . 
  mostly prices for eu-wide products are approximately the same . 
  in my personal experience it has more to do with psychological pricing ( x. 99 ) than anything else . 
  when buying t-shirt at h&m you can find price tag with country flags . 
  in eurozone it costs $ 9.9 , in lithuania it 's 39lt ( ~ 10 % higher than strict conversion ) , and in poland it 's 39zloty ( ~ 15 % lower than in lithuania ) . 
  price in uk more often than not is the same as in euros , only in pounds ( meaning they pay more ) . 
  that 's nice to hear . 
  probably a lot of times everything comes down to the willingness of embassy staff to walk an extra mile . 
   if there is no embassy of your country in the country your are stranded you are given an emergancy passport by any other european union embassy . 
  but there is lithuanian embassy in australia . 
  this girl just could n't reach it for some reason , since australia is huge you know . 
  so french could not have helped her legally even if they wanted to . 
  maybe i made it sound too harsh . 
  they did point her into the right direction , and were nice with her iirc . 
  problem was , that nearest lithuanian embassy/consulate was on the other side of the continent , and by law french could n't provide any help for her , even tho she could n't reach lithuanian embassy on her own ( maybe her wallet was stolen , or something of that sort ) . 
  for me europe firstly is about its citizens . 
  that 's why when i remember story about some lithuanian girl losing her passport somewhere in small town in australia ... she could n't find lithuanian embassy/consulate so she went to the french one . 
  workers said they ca n't help her and advised to return in 30 years , `` when the real eu exists '' . 
  i just hope it wo n't take that long . 
  as if it ca n't happen anywhere in the world ? 
  the issue is that no neighbors are behaving like this , only russians apparently . 
  they have been running propaganda for at least 15 years , nothing changed significantly . 
  and pictures of killed civilians and bombed residential areas in eastern ukraine showed on russian tv actually do not encourage local russians to revolt or something . 
  on the contrary , these images make them understand how they are lucky to live safely and peacefully . 
  aaaaaand ? ... 
  and you still , like most russians , live in colonial times . 
  kiev in 2 weeks , uk shrinking , krim nash . 
  lol . 
  misarable sad people , that 's all you are, 
  cause they have no intention to stabilize it ? 
  as i see it 's direct spit to face to obama . 
  these numbers are way off . 
  do n't even know the source . 
  lithuania has 9k + active personnel and significantly more volunteers and reserve troops . 
  parallel universe im telling you, 
  there are jobs that do not require local language you know . 
  russian vatniks just sit on coach and spew shit . 
  ukrainians are the ones who actually have to run or defend themselves because russian army is invading their homeland . 
  not quite equal situation , is it ? 
  baltics include estonia also , balts do not . 
   plenty of irish citizens would join the british army ehm . . is it even possible ? 
  do you have some specific agreements between your countries regarding this ? 
  you are talking about straight forward russian attack . 
  what about sepatatist movements , polite green men and salami tactics ? 
  all the grey area where merkel and co could say they are concerned but dont want to escalate situation , spain would point out baltics do not reach required 2 % military spending , france would not be convinced it is russia behind it and hungary 's orban would block any help as he would say agreement of all nato members are required . 
  usa in the meantime would be busy in middle east and upcoming elections would influence softer rhetoric as public opinion would have shifted once again towards noninterference . 
  that 's just west . 
  let 's talk about putin now , who is proving again and again that his ambitions grow every day , that he doesnt care and isnt afraid of europe anymore , as he has germany austria hungary bulgaria france slovakia and god knows who else in his backpocket . 
  he sees how successful he is now . 
  he will not stop with ukraine i can guarantee at least that . 
  dude . 
  europe 's sanctions were towards banking section and denied travel for certain personas . 
  russia banned import themselves . 
  was it really such a genious movr by putin to install them so that even r/europe users get confused ? 
  no wonder spanish fruit exporters are burning eu flags, 
  how do u know ? 
  i love how dumbass putin-apologists spew stuff like that without absolutely no evidence except the fact that kisiliov said that on tv , and yet when it comes to russia 's support for separatists , polite green men , separatists killing torturing and shooting people in the towns they hold you cry `` but where 's '' the proof , when there are plenty of video photo and eye-witnesses . 
  aaand you cry about supposedly double standards in western media . 
  i wonder can such person wake up from the dream he 's having one day , or is he gon na stay vatnik for life ? 
  oh the prosperous united federal republic of csma and it 's capital in balearic islands . 
  that one i want too see happen . 
  just for funzies, 
   who says all that stuff will happen ? 
  i wonder too . 
  who does ? 
  mindset can be changed . 
  obviously everything here are just wishful fantasies , but what if russian government changes , kaliningrad is set free , army guys are sent home , and region itself is put under german rule as some special administrative subject . 
  5 years after citizens see a significant changes , massive investments and free travel with europe . 
  chelyabinsk , murmansk and pskov regions after seeing that start to wish that themselves ... and that 's why it will never happen . 
  i bet russians under german government would live way better than they are now . 
   for example adding k\u00f6nigsberg back to germany etc ? 
  that 's the only change i would really appreciate . 
  everything else can stay exactly the way it is for all i care . 
  the only logical explanation - russian scientists have opened gates to parallel universes . 
  actually , now that i think about it , it would explain everything . 
  they are european, 
  russian media says european countries are experiencing catastrophe because of putin 's sanctions . 
  obviously there are russians who believe it . 
  ** lithuania ** * the most wanted man in lithuania is detained in russia after nearly 13 years of being on the run . 
  he has committed few murders , robberies and seriously injured 3 policemen , tried to kill even more , before disappearing in 2001 . reportedly he was involved in series of robberies in russia too , and probably worked as a hitman . 
  he was shot and injured during his arrest after he charged on police officers holding a knife . 
  [ source in lt ] ( http://www.delfi.lt/news/daily/crime/r-zamolskis-rusijoje-buvo-apsimetes-staciatikiu-sventiku.d?id=65600658 ) * polish minority party is playing political games . 
  president of lithuania signed a decree submitted by lithuanian pm to dismiss a well-liked ( even by opposition ) energetics minister j. neverowicz , after he rehired his fellow party member , widely unliked r. cytacka as vice-minister . 
  he was warned by pm to choose other personality as r. cytacka is considered unprofessional and dishonest , but he did rehire her anyway . 
  political analysts say it was done to cause some ruckus before the upcoming country-wide municipality elections . 
  [ source in en ] ( http://www.lrt.lt/en/news_in_english/29/58481/energy_minister_s_dismissal_unlikely_to_split_lithuanian_government_experts_say ) * baltics mark 25th anniversary of [ baltic way ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/baltic_way ) . 
  vilnius ' city symbol gediminas castle is covered by the flags of all three [ states ] ( http://img.lrytas.lt/show_foto/?id=1258280&amp;s=11&amp;f=4 ) .
