  what happens when eu is under influence of russia ? 
  no free trade , import taxes raised , or import banned , us control over internet ceased , even popular culture import is being stopped . 
  same with japan and asia . 
   you mean spending untold billion and losing thousands of lives with nothing to show for it is n't a bad thing ? 
  what ? 
  are you about wwii ? 
  i do n't get what you 're saying . 
   the us is either shown as doing `` nothing '' but showing up late . 
  as `` war criminals no different than the nazis '' or as `` weak minded simpletons who gave eastern europe to the soviets . '', 
  after all the us invested in germany following the war and during the cold war you could n't find a german who would piss on an american if he was on fire . 
  are you salty ? 
  is that what 's all about ? 
   keeping a promise to a small unimportant country like lithuania matters in the big picture  it 's resources that should be used at home diverted to a conflict from an era and world gone by . 
  the price us is paying for keeping a few soldiers on rotation in eastern europe is laughable . 
  especially compared what it means with keeping the world stable . 
  do you think europeans and japanese will keep buying overpriced iphones and us ' military equipment , will keep using google and facebook , if and when russia/china takes over the influence ? 
  you want someone over to take world-policeman role ? 
  you want someone else to become world economy 's powerhouse ? 
  why 's that ? 
  i do n't think you understand what power-projection is , and how keeping a promise to a small unimportant country like lithuania matters in the big picture , and how it influences balance of power and peace on india/pakistan border . 
  btw , do you think us ' involvement in wwii was a mistake ? 
  do you honestly think that burying your head in the sand will protect someone from potential conflicts ? 
  do you think it will be good for us ' economy , dollar value , and trade relationships ? 
  do you truly believe russia at first creating hotspots on its western borders , and then slowly moving further is good for us ' peoples ? 
  do you think china eventually annexing taiwan , increasing its influence over japan/korea is beneficial to us ? 
  do you think no tensions will rise in israel , india/pakistan border ? 
  do you truly see us as some kind of big bad wolf , and believe that when it 's gone the earth will live long happily ever after ? 
  do you not think that whenever a vacuum will be created for dominating power , or a world-policeman , someone else will try to step in ? 
  and you think pulling out from nato and letting russia/china taking influence over other countries is good for us because ... ? 
  good in what way ? 
  do you think us is playing world policeman just out of sheer generosity ? 
  is he wrong about it being staged tho ? 
  for me it did seem like it was all scripted . 
  third language to study in school ? 
  german/russian i would say equally popular , maybe russian a bit more . 
  ca n't see that happening . 
  national championships would lose any sense , and only a handful of clubs would truly benefit . 
  well the el just created a new format where only 16 teams compete ( down from 24 ) , and 11 of them havr 10 year contracts . 
  so it 's more likr nba rather than champions league . 
  olympics . 
  i 'm a bit confused . 
  was the employer on charges of an insult , or because he is accused of wrongful sacking ? 
  because if it 's the latter , then it 's perfectly reasonable to assume that there 's more to the story that what is being said in the article . 
  for example , the employee was lazy in his job ( at least to the opinion of the employer ) , and then he started asking for `` sick days '' , and then the employer decides to sack the employee , and calls him gay slur ( tho not to insult him personally , but while messaging someone else , and discussing the behaviour of the said employee ) . 
  so , was the sacking really an act of homophobia ? 
  again , we ca n't answer ( at least i ca n't ) just by reading this short translated article from a secondary source . 
  unless someone is willing to provide fully translated original document , where we can read into details and motives of the ruling , everything we talk here are just useless and quite frankly stupid reactions . 
  for example , if full situation is : the employee was lazy and skipping days and gets sacked while being called gay slur , it does n't mean he was let go because of his sexual orientation . 
  if , however , the employee was working as he is supposed to , or if asking for sick days is acceptable in that salon , but this particular employee was let go because the employer has homophobic views , and he does not let other employees who act the same go , then it 's homophobia . 
  as for wording in the ruling , again , it 's hard to say without the original text , but for example the meaning could be that `` pd '' has become such an often used term in the society , that on its own it does not indicate homophobia . 
  again , i 'm just guessing , maybe indeed everything in this ruling is ridiculous and absurd , i 'm just saying that just by reading an article of a few sentences you ca n't really make such bold statements as `` this has got to be the most senseless verdict i 've read this year . '', 
  well again , unless we read the original document , it 's all interpretations as to what really happened , and what the motives were . 
  i 'm not even really sure why even the issue of whether the sacked employee was or was not insulted is being discussed here . 
  is n't it about the motives of the sacking ? 
  let 's say the boss did insult him on purpose ( which the article says it did n't ) with a homophobic slur , but he let the employee go not because of homophobia , but because of other factors , why does that insult even matter ? 
  and to read op 's post `` this has got to be the most senseless verdict i 've read this year . '', 
  i mean , common , really ? 
  the thing is , that unless you read full verdict , you can be swayed either way by the interpretation of the news agency that is reporting about it . 
  so , did you read ? 
  i did not obviously , but between the lines i can see alternative headline - `` french tribunal rules , that even tho the boss used gay slur towards employee , his sacking was n't because of homophobia , because many other employees are gay '' . 
  and when you laugh at that kind of attitude if theirs they say `` you believe what tv says too much '' . 
   what he is n't is a refugee . 
  what do you mean ? 
  why would someone need embassy for that ? 
  just take him to woods , or to some basement by that logic . 
  however polish term ( just lithuanized ) \u017de\u010dpospolita is widely used as well . 
  i remember this documentary by an estonian film-maker . 
  https://youtu.be/j8aie7ewtsy?t=1m2s * pravda newspaper wrote : `` soldiers fulfilled the instructions about non-usage of weapons especially regarding women and teenagers . '', 
  a friend of mine read an article and said , `` did they really kill women and children there ? '' . 
  that 's exactly how it goes in lithuania . 
  even the prices are the same i would say . 
  oh right . 
  love this speech by laverne https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-matjs-jatem , probably it made me stop making fun of god-believing friends during my teen years . 
  well , scrubs . 
  but i do not get the specific referance . 
  do i get half a point or smthng ? 
  during russian empire times , was n't like every country 's in the world economy 90 % agricultural ? 
  have you ever romanian ? 
  in xxth century . 
  in this case it should mean 0 . 
  no data is a thing when some country does not report its figures , here though the op had all data and did a math on his own , so ` no data ' is n't an answer . 
  have you ? 
  do you know what far-left is ? 
  i downvoted him because his enter is broken it seems . 
  `` wikipedia is the best thing ever . 
  anyone in the world can write anything they want , so you know you are getting the best possible information . '', 
  - michael scott . 
  reminded me of a tropico 5 review i read a week ago . 
   during the game 's modern era , a certain bear-riding russian leader , who is n't named , sent a large number of russian immigrants to my island , which i stupidly accepted . 
  then he proceeded to invade my island under the justification of ` liberating the oppressed russian minority in tropico ' . 
   10/10 for realism . 
  may i ask , does the chinese internet , tv or what have you , talk about the deals china is making with russia regarding the land ? 
  because the runet sometimes blows up how the russian government `` gifts '' the massive amounts of lands near the border to china in exchange for nothing . 
  actually the christian democrats took over the lead again by 150 votes . 
  i 'm sick of people . 
  how did italy do in semifinal against france ? 
   their whole membership is disadvantageous to us good one . 
   the european commission has proposed making the pay of the two categories the same . 
  but several central european countries such as hungary and poland oppose this , saying it would be disadvantageous to them and would threaten jobs . 
  i do n't know as a northerner how would i feel about seeing people ski in the middle of my summer .
