   nothing can justify closets full of skeletons . 
  it 's ugly world . 
  but as i said , every country has them . 
  it says more about human nature , but that 's probably topic for another time . 
   and i do n't believe neither in the utopia of unbridled communism , nor in unbridled capitalism , but rather in some realistic approach based on mutual understanding . 
  what about scandinavian social democracy ? 
   there is no need to side with the `` bad '' , no matter which one is worst . 
  the good of the scorpion is not the good of the frog . 
  small countries like baltics have to side . 
  switzerland can be neutral , netherlands could be , belgium , etc. 
  it 's very fortunate to have good geography and cool neighbours . 
  lithuania f.e. 
  does not have this luxury . 
  we must side with western world / eu / nato , cause alternative is not pleasant . 
  we experienced it . 
  for centuries . 
  and in most recent history . 
  not siding with us f.e. 
  would mean eventual loss of sovereignty . 
   hate can not be defeated with hate , and lies can not be replied with lies . 
  that 's why we say - russia , c'mon , wake up , become democratic prosperous country , cool neighbour , the one we can have strong trade relations with . 
  unfortunately , they were n't lucky enough with the government , and it does n't seem likely they will get one in the near future . 
  firstly , the mindset of russian people must change , which is absolutely hateful towards west . 
  actually , they do not like no-one . 
  they do not even like themselves . 
  ah , but yet again , it 's another topic . 
  as for the plane ... the investigation shows it was shot from the earth - proved the investigation shows there were no planes/jest around the boeing - proved it was shot down over the rebel controlled area - proved it fell into the rebel controlled area - proved different witnesses say rebels had buk , photos show rebels having buk , nato claims buk crossed ukrainian border from russia and then back , evidences say buk was in that area during the incident - proved/debatable rebels on social media bragged instantly after the plane crashed about shooting down a `` ukrainian military transport plane '' and then after they understood it was civilian all the entries were deleted - proved phone calls released by sbu of rebels talking shooting down that plane - debatable ukrainian army have never shot anything into the air and had no reason to do so simply because rebels did not have any flying objects - fact rebels have shot down many ukrainian aircrafts during the conflict - fact what kind of additional evidences one might need ? 
   if someone can help easterners is ourselves to point out that the powers of each block are defending their turf are you bulgarian ? 
  anyways , `` us easterners '' are nato . 
  we are defending our turf and our interests . 
  and our interests are to be safe , to live our lives , trade , build homes , and to live happily ever after . 
  at least here in baltics we have been doing it quite successfully , a lot of significant progress was made and will be in the future . 
  and that 's why we understand ukraine - if it wants to align itself with eu instead of russia it has to have the right to do so , cause so far that 's the only way of actual progress . 
   and i am convinced that neither nato nor russia can get out of this . 
  exactly , shit that is happening is no good for no one . 
  at least , if your interests are to live . 
  however , many russians are ready to die . 
  because of their tsar , because of imperialistic and chauvinistic ideas . 
  because of `` western homogayjewfascists are coming '' . 
  and yes , there are a lot of misinformation out there . 
  but you talk about western media as if it was some unison like the russian one . 
  no it is not !, 
  russian media is controlled by government and are spewing lies , twisting facts and fabricating news stories . 
  western media are not some `` side '' that you can put against the russian counterparts . 
  western media is divided , independent , with a lot of different views , credible socially responsible journalism ( which has never existed in russia . 
  never ) . 
  so when someone says something along the lines `` well , there are lies from both sides '' , my first response is `` there are no two sides . 
  there is russian side and countless other sources , if they all tend to portray some truth and reach same conclusion then maybe russian side is lying ? '' . 
  and lying they do . 
  so many funny examples of fabricated stories . 
  i will not go into this right now cause i 'm half asleep already . 
  i just want to remind you that on primetime in the news they claimed ukrainian army crossified and killed 8yo boy in front of his mother when they retook slavyansk . 
  i mean ... 
   for me it 's , hands down , volleyball you mean hands up ? 
   or local tomatoes , dutch , spanish , moroccan . 
  does n't seem like it . 
  i thought he was portuguese or catalanian . 
  dairy - we ( baltics ) have plenty of our own , no need to import from ukraine and such , actually traffic goes other way around . 
  meat ? 
  maybe , but again , we are exporting our food to countries like belarus , ukraine , russia , so even if there are some imported meat it should n't be significant amount . 
  i would guess ukraine and belarus might mostly import raw materials and stuff like chemicals . 
  maybe some vodka and chocolate . 
  oh , and sunflowers !, 
  definitely saw some ukrainian sunflower seeds in the grocery stores . 
  do you ? 
   otherwise i always choose the closer source , i.e. 
  region  country  mediterranean europe  north africa  rest of the world . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/category:list_of_mediterranean_countries do you see netherlands here ? 
  i do not . 
  meaning netherlands fall under the `` rest of the world '' which goes after north africa , where morocco is located . 
  geography 101, 
   neither has as goal to end hate , violence , and abuse . 
  you mean in ukraine or middle east or where ? 
  cause purpose of eu and nato was and is quite clear - let 's trade , not war . 
  nato never posed any military threat to russia , on the contrary , it was trying , and still is , to have a dialog . 
  russia however ...  only when you put both versions side by side and in the general context , one can realize that both are partial and hide interests . 
  everyone in the world has interests , and more often than not they tend to forget their declared higher values in favor of interests . 
  you think swiss chose path of neutrality just because ? 
  i do n't know your background is , but basically you have to choose * the * side , or sides , or something to hold on . 
  i laugh and despise us for so many things , its corrupt political system , its fake facade and ... oh boy i could go on . 
  but i know that as a lithuanian i have to thank them for being world police , for providing security and stability in the world even though they are looking out for their own interests by doing so . 
  basically , you have to find something in the world where your interests of well-being as a citizen and taxpayer coincides with some other parties . 
  russia , on the other hand , is a real security threat for northern hemisphere , and its government , patriots , and general population think that they can achieve its interests only by being this threat , in other words , by being a terrorists . 
  and there 's rationale for this behavior having history lessons they have , however my belief is that if they change their course 180 \u00b0 they would become a lot more successful as a nation , but it 's a loooong way to go . 
  other way to look at the world is to take high moral ground and be resentful to everyone , and i mean everyone , cause every nation every country every group of people are fucked up in their own special way with closets full of skeletons . 
  while this is true that the world would be way better place if everyone would just take a higher moral ground , it 's unfortunately just as utopic idea as communism . 
  and no country no man can not yet live full complete life without trade and social interaction . 
  to sum up - everyone is bad , but russia is worst . 
  that 's why when i ( and other people on / r/europe or in poland/lithuania ) see putin 's apologists , russian propagandists and conspiracy theories which just deny every fact there is and every law of the universe and spew shit like `` ukrainians shot down plane themselves '' and call it `` different opinion '' , we tend to just ridicule them , not take seriously , and call them many different insulting names - it 's just too obvious to deny , and if you are denying , then either you have some ulterior motive , either you are just too dumb to talk with . 
  so still , even while i write this long post i am still very doubtful if i will be heard or understood on some level . 
  i hope not , but that 's all there is in this damned world - hope . 
  hope this terrorist country will not achieve its purpose , hope european countries will take higher moral ground and will help easterners despite the promises and bribes and simpler ( as it may seem ) pragmatic solution they will be offered . 
  i am fluent in russian thanks , i know and understand very well what is happening in russia and how russian mindset works , since i 'm myself half russian and quite a few of my family live there . 
  i even understand why they do the stuff they do , and where they are coming from , i am not even sure if was born in russia and became russian patriot and got slightly different mindset by the family and surroundings , if i was n't the one now who spews rt-style lies on the interwebz . 
  i just feel sorry for the naive westerners and masses of dumb russians who are hypnotized by these lies and follow them blindly not because of patriotism and imperialism but because they were mindfucked . 
  obviously you can argue that there are some truth to fantasies like in this link and you will be right , but the fact twisting is so ridiculously ugly that i am afraid i ca n't take seriously anyone who believes in them and posts links like this . 
  what am i doing writing this long post here and now - no idea . 
  i will not change your opinion obviously , if you chose to believe hateful and anti-westerner anti-american rhetoric like this - there 's probably no way out anyways . 
  it is known . 
  so if i trust some information and some not i just follow blindly propaganda , and if you do , it 's your own self-educated solid opinion ?
