replace the czech republic in your example with england , and you 've just described the current state of ireland . 
  bad attempt at trolling is bad . 
  you want it triggered now , when westminster does n't have any clue as to how it wants approach the negotiations yet ? 
  let alone the fact that you literally do n't have the civil servants necessary to form a negotiation team , and those people need to be found , hired and brought up to speed first . 
  triggering it now would just mean the first six months of the two years you 're given would be wasted whilst you put a plan together , so why not wait for the plan to be put together first ? 
  i said i grew up in kent did n't i ? 
  well , i assume you 're scottish since you 're saying `` ruk '' ? 
  i grew up in southern england , kent in fact , and i 'm not saying it 's the majority of people but there are most definitely people that do n't know ireland is independent . 
  they just think it 's like scotland - a country within the uk . 
  of course they can . 
  is the uk leaving the eu ? 
  * yes . 
  * there you go . 
  now they can decide whether they 're rather be in the uk or the eu . 
  it 's very simple . 
  they do n't need to know what relationship the rest of the uk will have with the eu when whatever happens it 's not the relationship they want , which is to remain in the eu . 
  but maybe you 're right , and they 'd rather stay in the uk than the eu - well guess what , that 's what they 'd be voting on !, 
  nice and easy , i 'm sure even you can understand it . 
  i grew up in england and there 's plenty of english people who still think ireland is part of the uk . 
  they like to make fun of americans for not knowing what goes on outside of the us , whilst knowing equally little about the world outside of english borders themselves . 
  i swear most of the older generations think that britain still controls an empire . 
  if scotland is n't a country , then england is n't a country either . 
  the united kingdom is the country . 
  what do you mean ? 
  when * english * nationalism causes * scotland * to leave the eu against its will , you do n't see the problem scottish people might have with that ? 
  haha , i did n't know this !, 
  you never hear about this , do you ?!, 
  that 's amazing . 
  it 's ironic in the extreme that the people spitting in the face of the claim that the uk will `` fail if it leaves the union of countries '' are now aggressively saying that scotland will `` fail if it leaves the union of countries '' . 
  but the uk and germany contributed by far the most to the fund . 
  prepare to get downvoted to hell , even if you 're right . 
  funny , i 'm sure i heard the same thing said about the uk , and yet the brexiteers assure us everything will be fine . 
   we can look at slovakia as a real world example of this . 
  kosovo declared unilateral independence from slovakia and was not recognised and blocked by eu nations like spain . 
  the fuck are you talking about ? 
  kosovo is nowhere near slovakia . 
  except no future relationship results in * staying in the eu * , and that 's what the people of scotland wanted . 
  it does n't matter what the future entails - it will be outside the eu , and that 's not what they want . 
  they do n't need to wait and what the english decide to tell them to do . 
  it comes down to stay in the eu vs stay in the uk , and that 's a question that can be asked * right now * . 
  it 's also very different to the question they were asked two years ago . 
  indyref1 : stay in the uk & eu vs leave the uk & eu indyref2 : stay in the eu vs stay in the uk those are two very different questions . 
  er , it was a massive argument in the indepedence referendum . 
  not to be a killjoy , but we literally had to beg the uk for money only eight years ago . 
  surely the * most * french act of all would be removing the head of the head of state . 
   stop being salty . 
  are you twelve ? 
   i know dozens personally who would https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lkie-vgugdi, 
  murdoch does n't own the daily mail . 
  it 's also priced in pounds , which the brexiteers conveniently forgot when they said it had `` recovered to pre-brexit levels '' . 
  in actuality it was way , way lower because the pound had tanked so hard . 
  [ brexiteers right now . 
  well , even so , my point was that it might be a bad city in your opinion when compared to other german cities , but for a british person comparing it to london it 's going to seem like paradise . 
  winter in germany might feel cold to you , but for a penguin from antarctica it 'll feel like a summer holiday . 
  it 's all about perspective !, 
  it 's pretty much guaranteed now . 
  all five candidates for the tory leadership have said they 'll activate article 50 . 
  as soon as the leadership contest is done , whichever of them ends up as prime minister will push the button . 
  thing is , none of those things are any worse than london / the uk !, 
  let 's have a look : - `` disastrous administration . '', 
  worse than a government with no plan and no leader ? 
  i think britain has you beat here . 
  - `` train delays being a common occurence . '', 
  a train in the uk has n't arrived on time in thirty years . 
  in fact , it 's so bad they do n't even consider a train that 's ten minutes late as actually `` late '' so that the official figures are n't a mess . 
  yes , that 's right , a train that 's ten minutes late is considered on time . 
  - `` increasing inequality '' . 
  the uk has the worst social mobility and biggest gap between rich and poor than anywhere else in europe . 
  nowhere is this more obvious than london . 
  - `` quite unsafe for german standards . '', 
  the key part there is the end . 
  german standards are still a lot better than london , where entire districts are no-go areas . 
  so yeh , maybe berlin is the `` worst '' city by german standards , but for a londoner is still going to be a massive improvement . 
  it depends if big businesses start moving to the countries still in the eu . 
  if they do , a lot of london 's major economy will go with it . 
  not saying the city is doomed or anything , but it 'll reduce house prices a lot when it 's only as desirable as a `` normal '' city , rather than the biggest financial hub in the entire world . 
  as a `` dirty foreigner '' i 'd steer clear of england for a while if i were you . 
  i know i am !, 
  according to carl bildt , ex-prime minister and foreign minister of sweden , the uk actually * did * help the eu move forward . 
  a lot , in fact . 
   when british leaders crossed the english channel to europe , however , everything changed . 
  leaving their euroskepticism behind , they continued to deepen the uk 's role in europe . 
  when i was sweden 's foreign minister , i attended more than 130 meetings of the eu 's various ministerial councils , and i can honestly attest that the uk 's voice was among the most prominent in every one . 
  the truth is that the eu that has emerged over the last decade has been shaped in no small part by the uk . 
  progress on the single market has helped to boost competitiveness . 
  new free-trade agreements are giving european economies access to major markets around the world . 
  the achievement of a global climate agreement promises not just to protect the environment , but also to cement europe 's role as a leader in sustainability . 
  and enlargement has enhanced europe 's security substantially . 
  these are , by all reasonable standards , remarkable uk-led achievements . 
  but this was mostly a well-guarded secret back home . 
  and that is the failure that lies at the root of the calamity that is brexit . 
  https://www.project-syndicate.org/commentary/uk-politics-path-to-brexit-by-carl-bildt-2016-06 it 's just that their domestic politics are such a shitshow that actually admitting to being a leading player in european integration and advancement would be seen as a bad thing . 
  christ knows why . 
  my favourite result from all this would be the uk staying in the eu , continuing to push forward in the ways it secretly did before but not-so-secretly now , and be a more vocal supporter of the european project . 
  on top of which , their ridiculous political system getting some much-needed upheavel to make it better serve the british people ( and in turn reduce the misdirected anger towards the eu ) , and their shitty media getting a good kicking for all the biased lies it has peddled over the last few decades . 
  yeh , this is most likely . 
  but the world will be a very different place then , and you 'll have a whole generation of brits who * have n't * grown up in the eu and might well not want to be a part of it . 
  it 'll hugely depend on the attitude post-brexit britain has towards the eu . 
  if they nurture a `` we left them because they suck , we 're never going back '' sort of cultural narrative , future generations will grow up having no intention of ever rejoining because they 'll have been brought up believing the eu is a big bad thing that their forefathers fought to escape . 
   the uk has been a friend to ireland not that i particularly want to get involved in this debate because i do n't actually hate english people or the uk , but you ca n't really be a `` friend '' to someone when you still own a load of their stuff .
