  clinton 10 % , sanders 88 % . 
  for pa they were 6 % of the voters and the exit polls did n't collect enough data to make a conclusion . 
  shall i go on ? 
  and even up to the very last minute , polls were saying that `` remain '' had a comfortable advantage . 
  so i imagine for a lot of people it did n't seem quite as important to go and vote , which further depressed the turnout . 
  our total turnout is fairly low , too . 
  presidental elections might get around 60 % of eligible voters . 
  mid-term elections get around 40 % . 
  and local elections , which arguably have an even larger impact on most peoples lives , have an turnout even lower still . 
  i have several friends who like to bitch about politics . 
  i ask them to name who the city controller is . 
  their office is like the mayor in that it 's a city-wide mandate and an elected position . 
  but they get far less news since mostly they are engaged in managing the city 's monies and preventing fraud and waste . 
  ( pittsburgh is n't classy enough to call them `` comptroller '' like most places . ), 
  two different issues . 
  closed and semi-closed primaries just mean that you can only vote in the primary for the party your registered for . 
  independents ca n't vote in closed primaries , but they can pick one party to vote for in a semi-closed primary . 
  it 's because the primaries are a party choosing their nominee to run , and the only effects it has on the general election is who will run for office to represent a given party . 
  a lot of people did n't understand the process and got upset when they learned about it . 
  as for registering months in advance . . no , the longest waiting period is [ 30 days in advance ] ( https://www.vote.org/voter-registration-deadlines/ ) and most of those longer waits are when you submit your form by mail . 
  several states have in-person waiting lists that are less than a week . 
  honestly registering to vote before the deadline is * not * a hassle in the us . 
  almost every state allows ( and asks ) people if they want to register to vote when they go to the dmv to get their driver 's license or state id . 
  i can see a slight problem ... most people get their first driver 's license at 16 , and it 's usually valid for 4 years , so they 're not asked about registering until they renew at 20 . 
  so for a few voters in the 18-20 age bracket they were n't at the dmv to get asked about it . 
  men have to register with selective service at 18 , and there 's usually information about registering to vote then , too . 
  and people had to willfully ignore the other massive opportunities to register . 
  there are dozens of organizations , like rock the vote all the way to the campaigns themselves , that keep reminding voters of the deadlines for participation and encouraging them to register . 
  but people got upset when it took time for their application to be processed and their names added to the voting rolls when they ignore all of that and tried to do it at the last minute . 
  and it 's not just the `` kids '' who are n't showing up . 
  from 1988 to 2000 the turnout for 18-29 year old ( in the us ) was around 35 % . 
  for 2004 it shot up to a whopping 44 % . 
  adults age 65 and up have turnout rates in the 70 % range . 
  youths just are n't interested in voting . 
  and when sanders was winning 83 % of the vote betwen 18-29 year olds ... and 78 % of first time voters . 
  but they were n't bothering to actually go * vote * ... it kind of left him in the lurch . 
  and worse still ... all the sanders campaign did was tell other politicians that it 's totally safe to ignore the youth vote . 
  if they registered and participated en masse they 'd be a force like the latinos or any other demographic . 
  but when someone comes along specifically pandering to them with student debt and so on , and they let him down by just not bothering to show up , it sends a message to everyone else running a campaign . 
  it 's a universal problem ... in the us bernie sanders had a lot of support but a poor turnout . 
  kind of shitty that this is big news . 
  and i do n't mean the pride parade . 
  that 's awesome . 
  i mean people being allowed to celebrate their identity without a bunch of bullshit popping off being the exception rather than the norm . 
  dude ... ** if it 's 2014 where you are i really need to do me a favor ! 1 !, 
  ** pm for details , plz before connection is broken . 
  but should n't the additional burden of a more expensive internet connection fall upon the isp bill ? 
  ( and fall upon it , [ it does ] ( https://blog.cloudflare.com/the-relative-cost-of-bandwidth-around-the-world/ ) ... more than 200 % of the price in the us , which is already more expensive than most places . ), 
  they 're just getting shafted by paying more for their internet , and then paying more for content on it . 
  like the new * doom * for example . 
  it 's $ 80 ( us ) in australia and $ 60 in the us , or # 39.99 in the uk ... or $ 58.30 us ... as of may 18 . 
  i 'm not sure if there are vat or other taxes on it though . 
  in the us there are n't any . 
  and back to the topic at hand , they 're paying $ 11.99 for the 2-screen hd version of netflix , and at launch the us version [ had six times as much content ] ( http://www.lifehacker.com.au/2015/03/netflix-us-has-six-times-as-much-content-as-netflix-australia/ ) . 
  in the uk , they 're [ only getting a third of the top rated content ] ( https://blogs.which.co.uk/technology/internet-tv/netflix-uk-vs-netflix-us-who-gets-the-best-movies/ ) . 
  and netflix is ( or at least was ) trying very hard to develop parity in their services ... that 's part of why they were going after the vpns , so they could show the studios that they could safely manage their properties on a global level . 
  but france seems determined to end those efforts . 
  i think , if anything , france should [ end the tax breaks on foreign film production in their country ] ( http://www.parisfilm.fr/uk/projets-internationaux/credit-impot-internation.html ) and start looking to those projects to fund their native film industry . 
  netflix is an easy target , and after the way they caved to comcast and other us isps i think governments are starting to get the notion that they can just bully them . 
  but raising barriers and increasing costs is the wrong way to go about it . 
  and australians , though i ca n't blame them . 
  they get robbed on the price of everything . 
  in the us , the two-screen hd netflix plan is only $ 9.99 , and if you were a subscriber before they raised it by a dollar you 're automatically grandfathered into the old price . 
  in au it 's $ 11.99 , which is the ultra hd version in the us . 
  i never could understand why digital downloads ... even for games and stuff ... cost so much more over there , it 's not like they can use the old `` shipping and handling '' excuses . 
   either that or adding the most ridiculous movies for a bargain . 
  they 'd have to pay to license additional content from europe , on top of the payments to license content that they bring to europe . 
  and if they have to pay a fee to spur french film development for everything they deliver on top of that ... it starts to reach a point where they 're just not going to be able to afford it . 
   by the way europe may not want it , we do ( it 's very popular here ) , if only the supply was of a better quality . 
  yeah , instead i should have phrased it as `` the european commission seems to not want netflix . '', 
  as for the supply , i 'm agree with what others have said ... the easiest way to come into compliance with the 20 % mandate is n't licensing more domestic content , it 's removing foreign content until the ratio is correct . 
  europe seems to not want netflix . 
  and the 20 % quota goes entirely contrary to what the customers want , which is an end to regional playlists altogether . 
  well the `` scotland plan '' in this article was more for the purpose of avoiding another proxy war . 
  the dirty war was internal , a military junta against the argentinian civilians . 
  chile 's involvement and support of the uk put paid to the idea that argentina would attack chile 's islands , and shortly after their loss in the falklands the junta collapsed . 
  i do n't know if the cia was involved or not . 
  6 uk ships and a small landing craft were sunk . 
  if the argentinians had managed to get * hermes * or * invincible * the war could have gotten ugly . 
  british reprisals for such a thing could have hastened thatcher 's political demise and if a new government were formed they might not have the appetite to continue . 
  it all may have been unlikely , but remember this was before the us abandoned the doctrine of always having an exit strategy . 
  so a preliminary contingency plan was n't out of character . 
  here 's another way to look at it . 
  you 're in the bar with a friend . 
  someone you both know comes up and starts a fight with him . 
  it 's clear that your friend , the uk , is going to win on his own so there 's no need for you to get involved . 
  doing so wo n't change the outcome by much , and it will distance you from the other guy in ways you 'd rather avoid . 
  but you 'd be an irresponsible wing-man if you did n't have a plan for what might happen if the unexpected occurred , if somehow your buddy gets his ass kicked . 
  you do n't care about the reasons for the fight , your main concern is to keep anyone else from jumping in and turning a friendly squabble between drinking acquaintances into a mob . 
  especially if there was another big guy in the bar , just looking for an excuse to get up from his table , that no one liked very much . 
  during the cold war , it was a very different world . 
  the united states was the superpower responsible for maintaining order in the western hemisphere . 
  if they failed to do so , the soviet union was more than willing to get involved . 
  argentina was an ally against communism , but not a very friendly one . 
  the cia was balls-deep in the dirty war , and its main goal was preventing the soviet union from gaining a foothold in south america . 
  during the time , this was n't just seen as the united states ' `` right '' but also our responsibility to create situations that promoted stability of the status quo and prevented the soviet union from expanding its influence . 
  the us was never seeking to remove british sovereignty . 
  read the article . 
  this was a preliminary contingency plan in case the british lost . 
  instead of simply ignoring the british citizens on the falklands , or watching as the british attempted some mass exodus in the aftermath of such a loss , the united states was prepared to enforce a 3-year transition process that would have prevented further violence and allowed the british citizens a choice , without undue pressure , about what their future should be in their new circumstances .
