  it 's all about `` clay '' , and to be honest there are still ancient stereotypes into play . 
  pizza delivery boy missed the address . 
  do n't jump into conclusions , he is probably right wing . 
  shit . 
  my mistake . 
  jews say it 's trinity is bad . 
  problem solved . 
  it 's a wrong doctrine according to judaism . 
  the idea of mashiach being g 'd is also non-judaic . 
  a human is considered to be a vessel . 
  a vessel can not incorporate the all or the nothing . 
  tolstazar and dostakchu, 
  we do n't care . 
  dear polticians , stop : - organizing meetings expressing condolences ; - have long discourses spitting platitudes : `` we are united bla bla '' , `` never again '' , `` we will fight them wiht all the force '' , `` this is not the true face of islam '' , `` europe must stand united '' . 
  - spend our money on visits in other states only to smile at the cameras ; - bring more cheap workforce in the detriment of the middle class , and create social divisions in the society . 
  is the situation in calais normal mr. hollande ? 
  - pass laws that are censorship free speech on the internet ; - send some troops in syria & iraq , throw a few bombs and they claim they are fighting the enemy ; - lick america 's / putin ass with any occasion . 
  - etc. 
  mr. hollande . 
  after charlie hebdo what were the concrete actions you 've taken to stop the islamic terrorism ? 
  you `` meet '' faith leaders ? 
  so what ? 
  so you are going to spew more platitudes about tolerance , peace and love . 
  ps : you have a shitty haircut !, 
  the brave mujahedin just killed a 86 years old priest . 
  so brave , the lions of islam , the warriors of allah , bunch of losers . 
  the priest had 86 years ... 
  so brave of them . 
  their allah must be proud . 
  our brain works with patterns . 
  why a church ? 
  why take hostage a priest and nuns ? 
  [ motserrat cabballe - o mio bambino caro ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rxzsp1dc78q ), 
  you do know how to negotiate . 
  deal , glorious cluj is the new capital . 
  i would propose a romanian-hungarian state , with the capital in craiova . 
  problem solved . 
  kids with down syndrome can achieve things despite their condition . 
  for example the actress jamie brewer become a celebrity . 
  there are some rare cases with people affected with the disease finished an university . 
  i would n't be so bitter . 
   ** the youth from cluj , who passed the bacalaureat exam ( final exam at the end of the highschool ) with 6.83 , was honored wednesday with 1000 ron ( around 220 eur ) by the mayor of cluj napoca , emil boc . 
  he says that wants to go now to the theological seminary and become a priest ** . 
   ** `` i learned with the help of god and jesus christ . 
  i learned a lot , nothing is easy , man works with the mind , nothing is done without work . 
  i got 5.20 / 10 at the romanian language exam , 6.75 / 10 to the history exam , and 8.55 / 10 at geography . 
  i want to go now to the theological seminary , and become a priest because i like to pray , to read and write from the bible . 
  what i like best is romanian geography . 
  '' **  ** michael 's mother , maria mocanu , said in turn that she worked with him every day for the last 12 years in order for him to be able to get this result ** . 
   ** `` deep down , i knew that he will take the exam . 
  it 's a great achievement , i want to say to the parents not to give up , because many parents abandon them . 
  i have a message for the society - get them in your midst , these children are special . 
  i would tell the parents , fight , insist and in then in you can reach a happy ending . 
  '' ** ----------- this happens in a country where only 66,41 % of the students graduated from highschool in 2015 . 
  i feel your pain . 
  right in romania there 's an it bubble . 
  basically every idiot that has java in his cv is hired , because the companies need to look good in numbers . 
  as a person who started working as a developer 10 years ago , i have seen how the quality of the software developed in the country started to drop . 
  when the bubble pops i hope everything will return to normal . 
  also do n't exaggerate by saying that romanians are expensive indians . 
  the quality/price/timezone combo is still superior to bangalore . 
  i know enough clients that moved from romania to india , only to return months later . 
  i do n't necessarily agree with him , but the boos were rude . 
  we as humans are capable of learning more than one language . 
  why limit ourselves ? 
  knowing only one is a handicap . 
  iceland 's team is made of heroes . 
  i do n't know how they managed to go so far , but you got ta love the underdog . 
  britain , should see now what a team really means . 
  those guys , credited as outsiders , proved that being together is the secret to success in everything . 
  in my humble opinion , britain 's leave is a direct consequence of irresponsible politicians who are putting money and economical growth before everything . 
  people can be happy with less . 
  there is no need to import massive workforce , that creates divisions in the society . 
  one of the reasons this whole mess is happening is because people do n't see the eu as something that represents their interest . 
  actually this is democracy . 
  all people , no matter the age ( 18 + ) , sex , religion have a vote to express an opinion . 
  and do you play the bounce-back ? 
  is n't it too risky ? 
  do n't jump into long positions . 
  there is a lot more room of everything going down , from the gbp to equities . 
  after the initial shock would be over , it 's time to enter , but for now , the only safe buy is the gold . 
  monden age sauron would approve . 
  we are not a large house , but we 're a proud one , '' the commentator said after a shocked pause . 
  `` and every man from bear iceland fights with the strength of 10 mainlanders . '', 
  plot twist , romania has no fleet , but keep it quiet , russian does n't know this one yet !, 
  exactly my point , the annexation of crimeea , was an act of aggression . 
  today is a part of ukraine , tomorrow is moldova . 
  always positive . 
  there is no `` cleaning party '' unfortunately . 
  the distribution of corruption is even ( around 50 % -50 % ) among the main political parties , the liberals and the socialists . 
  the `` cleaning party '' is dna ( the anti-corruption direction ) , which is quite apolitical . 
  for example , in the beginnings kovesi ( the chief prosecutor ) was heavily supported by the ex-president ( basescu ) . 
  the result ? 
  the presidents brother goes to jail . 
  then the president favorite politician goes to jail . 
  basescu changed the discourse against kovesi , but it was too late , she became one of the most popular figures with huge popular support . 
  if , at some point they plan to change her , i believe ten of thousands will go protest in the streets . 
  do n't know how , but romanian politicians are afraid of street protests . 
  so for the moment she is safe . 
  yes , for example antena 3 ( belonging to voiculescu , one of the guys from the pictures ) is saying each night we are living hitler-like days in romania .
