  good progress mankind . 
  why are these uk leftist opinion pieces relevant here ? 
  http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/six-out-of-10-migrants-to-europe-come-for-economic-reasons-and-are-not-refugees-eu-vice-president-a6836306.html a distinction between economic migrants and refugees must be enforced . 
  also kids in france have traversed many safe countries to get to france , they are there for reasons beyond simply safety and asylum . 
  it 's cheaper and thus more altruistic ( can help more people ) to help refugees in jordan and surrounding countries . 
  it 's not the nicest way perhaps but we simply lack the resources to assimilate this amount of people without significant impacts to the people our states exist to serve . 
  finally quit fighting assad . 
  let him stabilize syria , we got in bed with stalin to defeat hitler we can be hands off and implicitly back assad to defeat isis . 
  people were n't fleeing syria like they are now when he was in power . 
  we should n't risking escalating tensions with russia over land that has no meaning or value to any of us . 
  he 's asking what 's is the bigger problem . 
  30,000 very sick people or millions on the cusp of becoming very sick . 
  but whatever there 's no reason we ca n't address both . 
  your comfortable going in to bat for the guy who made more per hour than then your lowest paid citizens made in a year ? 
  that 's your spokesman and actor for your people ? 
  no argument there . 
  it 's in europe and multi culturalism does n't work . 
  if you insist on multi racial societies you need to unite under one culture to avoid fragmentation and conflict . 
  they are not making the slightest concession to the host country , it 's basically a portal to another country . 
  it 's a place they are more comfortable in and i completely understand that it is difficult living abroad but it was their choice not mine . 
  if we let them recreate their society inside our countries they will , it 's only natural that they would . 
  however there are many many places in this world to worship in a fully arabic mosque and none should be in europe . 
  there 's no shortage of arabic mosques in the world nor foreign countries willing to send money to try and make us more like them but there is only one sweden . 
  obama backs the former rothschild banker with no real experience . 
  how surprising . 
  and your imperial past with norway . 
  it 's surprising you do n't get more terror attacks tbh . 
  why the downvotes ? 
  it 's a true and important fact . 
  if she wants to sell globalism and an `` interconnect world '' it 's fair to ask what kind of world her grand children would be inheriting . 
  what global salary would they be earning , what kind of neighbourhood would they grow up and what the quality of life will be in 50-100 years . 
  she has no skin in that game . 
  `` equal rights '' is pushing it - what right does the church have to protect it 's institutions ? 
  gay people have civil union which grants the some legal status as marriage , that 's equal rights . 
  the government forcing a special club to be inclusive is pretty lame . 
  the church created a tradition i do n't see it as the business of the government to tell them how to implement it . 
  if people do n't like it , they are free to ridicule it and then start their own tradition . 
  i usually try to but i would challende you to name a single thing neo-cons have ever done for the benefit of the people that voted them in . 
  blair 's war and immigration policies have caused great harm and demonstrated his lack of concern for your standard brit . 
  i 've never been a fan of dual citizenship . 
  everyone i know with it feels loyalty and geniune connection to one country but holds on the other for options / opportunities . 
   and on top of that : merkel has made it an artform to pull the rug from under political oppponents through adapting their most successful ( with the voters that is ) policies . 
  so she stands for nothing ? 
  i guess that 's why she can say multiculturalism has failed in europe , invite in a million foreigners , then begin the crack down on immigrants . 
  white population decline is objective fact, 
  how ? 
  his foreign policy is blatantly neo-con, 
  ah yes , the self hating liberal swede . 
  and why should a native frenchman apologise for being a majority in the lands the settled , grew and defended for years ? 
  ah yes , the self hating liberal swede . 
  and why should a native frenchman apologise for being a majority in the lands the settled , grew and defended for years ? 
  michael gove did the same in the uk with his daughter . 
  `` mass immigration is a not harmful and diversity is our strength '' . 
  however the politicians who make these decisions will pay significant amounts of money to drive their kids to the otherside of town to the majority white school . 
  weak and meaningless ? 
  ever been to new zealand ? 
  you do n't need to give up your sovereignty to become a member of a huge trading block to maintain a decent standard of living for your citizens . 
  he probably means bosnian muslim refos, 
  `` conspiracy theory '' ? 
  whites populations are declining in all of their homelands . 
  it 's objective truth easily collaborated with facts . 
  you 're banking on syrian refugees and north african migrants to get jobs in advanced economies and go on to pay your pension ? 
  meanwhile what is the impact on social capital and social cohesion ? 
  ( multiple studies have shown the negative effects of diversity on previously homogenous high trust society ) . 
  japan for all its `` stagnation '' is going to survive without importing the 3rd world and their problems - why must we ? 
  also russia 's core problem is n't a lack of islam and shawarma restuarants , their problem is corruption and oligarchs . 
   their game to use european embrace of diversity against europeans has failed not all europeans have embraced diversity , at all . 
  this is just coming to the end of the first round . 
  are those the final results ? 
   `` democracy '' people voting for a candidates who best reflects their hopes , values and wishes for future generations ? 
  how dare they . 
  stop ruining the english language for your cause . 
  would he be a `` caucasaphobe '' if he wanted to stop french canadians * illegally * migrating to the us ? 
  yes i 'm sure the majority of white french troops were dying in the mud to keep the germans out so arabs and north africans could come leech of french welfare and destroy previously functional suburbs . 
  i 'm sure they were fighting for the use of gender fluid pronouns and transexual bathroom rights too . 
  most definitely this is the future they wanted for their grandchildren - one where they are marginalised in their hometowns due to demographic shift . 
   why worry about it ? 
  you 're more likely to die slipping in the shower if there was an organisation out there dedicating their time , effort and resources into finding new ways to make as many europeans as possible slip and die in the shower then then yes , i would be wise to worry about that and counter it . 
  she had a chance to cooperate fully when they asked her to hand over the emails way back during primaries . 
  instead she resisted and they got a hold of them at a bad time for her . 
  zero sympathy for anyone that thinks they are above the law . 
  the fbi was just doing their job . 
  yeah because it was totally unprovoked and not a reaction to anything muslim invaders were doing in europe . . 
  he means steal the best ones who can make us richer and increase global inequality whilst never developing their home countries which desperately need their labour / ideas . 
  honestly we just need to have nuclear power & electric cars and stop supporting these ridiculous fucking people trying to influence our nations and people . 
  agreed . 
  also how weak is his argument , he 's saying `` it 's too difficult to even try restore homogeneity back to our native european societies , so lets just give up and pretend diversity is a good thing '', 
  moving to europe is n't the solution to world inequality . 
  or take steps to address the legitimate concerns that the european citizens have and which influence who they will democratically choose of their own volition ? 
  whenever i 'm in stockholm i notice it 's the `` swedes '' who look overweight, 
  people making no attempt to change anything and patiently waiting for the evitable next attack _, 
  they have to go back, 
  we do n't need to go to war with them . 
  they can have their lands and we 'll have ours . 
  border security and restricting immigration to the eu and majority european countries will suffice . 
  nation building , interventionism and immigration from colonies has been a disaster . 
  it 's time for europeans to look inwards . 
  we need to regain and protect what our ancestors sacrificed for . 
  peter brimelow said something along the lines of `` racist '' just means a person winning an argument against a liberal . 
  this is why we ca n't have grown up conversations about immigration and the demographic changes happening in europe .
