  source ? 
  yeah i guess , but the thing would probably fall over by time the city arranges something like that . 
  i 'm guessing this mostly happens late on friday / saturday nights so they do n't need 24/7 coverage . 
  desperate enough to hire a security guard ? 
  even if they did n't it does n't matter . 
  it does n't matter that the movement of people and migrations from all over the place have been a common historical occurrence . 
  all that matters is that the nation and the people currently inhabiting whatever lands they own make an informed decision on how they want the future make up of that country to look like . 
  singapore only grants citizenship to ethnicity matching the current percentages . 
  similar to what the the us had prior to 1965 . 
  this is to stop the growth of a certain ethnicity affecting politics . 
  immigration to israel as well , it 's a jewish ethnostate hence no refugees etc, 
  why , exactly ? 
  how deaths due to `` islamphobia '' has there been ever ? 
  at this stage i see the right as the only side asking questions on what society will look like and function like in 50 years from now if these trends continue . 
  everyone else is shutting this conversation down and saying `` get used to it * phobe '' . 
  the alt right is extremely isolationist . 
  it 's not an imperialist / neo con movement , in fact it 's born out of frustration with traditional conservatism putting foreign intervention above the well being of it 's own people ( and many other things ) . 
  if russia wants to sink their money and blood to prop up an assad government and babysit it through the inevitable insurgencies in the next 10 -15 years that 's their problem . 
  atleast it will fix europes immigration crisis since we ca n't find the will to police our own borders . 
   germany is in favor of redistributing migrants , but eastern europe does n't care . 
  `` we breached established agreements and invited a bunch of unskilled people in from an alien culture - you take them . '', 
   if i go out and shout i want fewer white people in sweden , i wo n't be prosecuted . 
  if anything , i will be applauded . 
  here 's someone in sweden suggesting that there should be fewer white people in europe https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mfe0qaiofmq she 's also said the white people do n't actually exist but at the same time `` the world will be free '' when they are a minority . 
  exactly , also a strong russia can fix this . 
  it 's the only country actively trying to solve the refugee crisis . 
  assad backed by russia = stable syria . 
  the us prefers to their neo con agenda of arming god knows who and keeping the area destabilised . 
  let russia fix it and then ignore things beyond your borders . 
  remind me - i do n't remember there being a refugee crisis when assad was in power . 
  restoring assad to power is russia 's goal . 
  blocking russia will be hillaries goal . 
  is syria worth the upcoming military incident when she shuts down syrian air space ? 
  so why are we allowing the immigration for people who are clearly more likely to end up in impoverished environments requiring more support from a state they did n't create ? 
  note : i do n't think this should be conflated with a humanitarian argument for refugees, 
  whatabout guliani 's `` get-tough '' policies in new york ? 
  there was a massive reduction in crime . 
  i actually just noted in another thread about hillary 's comments on russia in the debates . 
  she said that `` russian aggression is the biggest problem in syria right now '' . 
  i expect anti-russian rhetoric to ramp up when she is president - it will be interesting to see if the eu follows . 
  anyone else catch that line in the debate where hillary said that `` russian aggression '' was the biggest problem in syria right now ? 
  i 'm laughing - how many refugees has isreal taken ? 
  how does a muslim iraqi become as israeli citizen ? 
  israel created and defend an ethno-state for jews , very few westerners will acknowledge this and hypocrisy when we are told to open our hearts and borders . 
  also the other countries are n't multicultural . 
  an australian is an australian or they are something else living among australians in their own parallel society . 
  i 'm sorry who is sweden beating to death, 
  dabiq is where the prophesied battle occurs . 
  they named their magazine after it . 
  and yet after a couple of generations they assimilated . 
  to the point where it difficult to guess the original ethnicity of most white americans . 
  even through testing not just the `` eye test '' . 
  however they are forced to present voting papers in spanish to hispanics who have beem in the us for generations . 
  somali immigrants in dearborn are over represented negativity in many statistics that predict success in life and western society . 
  what happened to the irish was unfortunate and much of it was based on sectarian tensions . 
  however just because a historic judgement was ill formed does n't suddenly now mean that all immigrants all equal . 
  it 's quite clear that irish assimilated seamlessly into is culture , now we will see if the `` new europeans '' will do so an masse . 
  early signs are n't good . 
  like the norm and breed `` frenchmen '' who commited the bataclan attacks ? 
  sure . 
  but maybe they do n't need to grow up in our streets ? 
  asylum seekers can seek asylum on land in jordan . 
  murder rates and car crash deaths we do our best to prevent and reduce and policy is constantly changing around them . 
  terrorism is n't a fact of life . 
  tokyo is large city with zero islamic extremist attacks . 
  we can do better but we need to make and act on difficult decisions . 
  at a macro level we are desperately struggling to integrate immigrants into european society . 
  yes , i 'm sure you work with a couple of exceptions , i do too , they are n't the problem but there is a problem . 
  the results are obvious - we need to pause and deal with what we have and assess what we standards we expect of future immigrants . 
  at this point the eu is just a system for germany to project power on europe . 
  yes . 
  i think she 's not an expert at art . 
  but i admire her intentions . 
  i think lifeforms will get this . 
  ai on the other hand . . 
  my thoughts are with < city  but this wo n't affect our values of tolerance and democracy, 
  good . 
  we should also be helping resettle ukrainians who are caught up in conflict . 
   enjoy the warm blanket of smug ignorance the same blanket you wrote that comment under ? 
  no one knows for sure . 
  anything else is just many thinly veiled threats which neither party can stand behind . 
   i hope it wo n't be too far gone when the poisonous old is gone for the current youth to move forward again . 
  said every generation ever, 
  man i used get banned for some pretty vanilla shit around shit here . 
  how have i never seen this before, 
  til from peter hitchens that in the 90 's the crimean parliament voted to have independence from ukraine and the people overwhelmingly voted for greater autonomy and dual citizenship with russia . 
  http://www.nytimes.com/1992/05/06/world/crimea-parliament-votes-to-back-independence-from-ukraine.html https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crimean_referendum,_1994 edit : i 'm not making a moral judgement on the russian annexation but this is a pretty interesting piece of recent history which i certainly missed in westen msm coverage of the crisis . 
  migration is only just beginning . 
  climate migration will be a huge issue in our lives . 
  the fact that you can say there will be no future acceleration in terror attacks ( presumably with a straight face ) shows a lot of the self deluded nature of the left on islam . 
  let 's have a thought experiment - which city you bet everything you own of having future recurrant terror attacks - budapest , tokyo or paris ? 
  demographics are destiny and we 've taken a gamble on the wrong culture . 
  you 've made a mistake with `` healthcare '' . 
  european governments provide healthcare for it 's citizens . 
  the u.s. / aca make it mandatory for its citizens to purchase insurance ( and offers healthcare in some cases applicable to a minority of the population ) . 
  obama also forced insurance companies to accept all people . 
  insurance is a gamble against something not happening but we are all almost guaranteed to need healthcare in our lifetimes . 
  with this in mind and the government gauranteed business you can see why it 's a train wreck . 
  it 's another example of perverted `` socialism '' to the benefit of capitalists . 
  no matter what trump or the next dem gov does it 's just going to be a mess until they go for single payer in my personal experience us healthcare is superior if you can afford it or are insured .
