  maybe listen to them for a change instead of blaming them . 
   these days outside like ` energy ' corporations like oil/gas and weapons manufacturers it 's probably not worth it . 
  bankers will love it . 
  send me a link to that active white hate group that openly encourages and incites violence against non-whites . 
  that group that encourages white people living in non western societies to commit acts of violence upon them . 
  that group that is actively training whites to infiltrate non western society . 
  the problem is that facts hurt my feelings and ruin my narrative , nazi . 
  strikes me as pretty racist tbh fam, 
  i read about this on r/politics . 
  they have different statistics so it 's really no problem . 
  orange people get elected when the genuine concerns of the people are dismissed by people like you . 
  you avoid the problems and use snark and sarcasm to ostrichcise dissent , effectively suppressing productive discourse . 
  if you do n't let normal people speak and only the loud idiots are left to express the obvious concerns facing our communities then do n't be surprised when the people elect a loud idiot . 
  communism gets a free pass due to it 's relationship with socialism and perceived notions of liberalism . 
  however if you read the history of every communist regime the well meaning `` progressives '' who fought to establish the new order were always the first against the wall . 
  i saw a sparkling pink copy of the communist manifesto on the counter on my local bookstore . 
  it would have been a national outrage if this was a fascist document being marketed to teenagers in this way . 
  you can make an argument that marx is n't stalin but there 's a much stronger argument backed up historical proof that it leads there every time . 
  we can have differing political views without being `` insurgents '' , thanks, 
  this is media bias in action and most right wing pundits were calling this . 
  they inflate the number to influence the votes but as you approach the election the polls are closer and more accurate so they do n't look incompotent, 
  we have words to describe specific things, 
  sure i would accept that . 
  i would say it 's ok to address skills shortages but again with matching local wage requirements . 
  there should be some commitment from the state to re-train or incentivised locals to eventually take these jobs when shortages are identified ( hopefully they can predict these ahead of time ), 
  needs to be customised to needs of the country but you can start with - eu wide project to support refugees in safe zones closer to their - no economic migrants , process off shore to discourage attempts - no non eu migrants unless meeting specific high education , job and language requirements ( i.e. 
  job offer at a rate you 'd pay a local ), 
  sigh , if only, 
  how about compared to 1997 france ? 
  if you could go back would you guide france to where it is today ? 
  if not perhaps focus more on righting the ship then slagging of the `` far right '' . 
  just because it is still better than mogadishu does n't mean citizens ca n't lament recent changes to their society and consider solutions . 
  if i propose to say put a strict limit on non-eu immigration for 10 years until we figure out how to assimilate our current immigrates - that 's a far right position . 
  but it will also limit ghettos and give us a chance to take a breath and come up with a plan for what qualities a migrant must have and how we will handle those who fail to meet standards . 
  it 's also the * only solution * compared to the `` normal '' left or right at the moment . 
  they 'll grow out of it, 
  do you support a one world wage ? 
  but he has a good point now so perhaps we should assess this idea on it 's merits ? 
  this is true girl power standing up to the patriarchy . 
  a good start to welcoming them to our high trust societies . 
  do you blame rape victims for what they were wearing too ? 
  only 4 times more likely ? 
  this is why white flight is a thing . 
  would you rather live in an apartment block with the people you grew up with or newcomers 4 times more likely to assault you even if they managed to get a job . 
  why exactly are n't ethnic native europeans allowed to give input into their children 's future on the lands they inherited from their fathers ? 
  there 's no reason why a eu v2 ca n't rise from the ashes and address the fundamental seemingly unfixable issues bogging down the current iteration . 
  most likely the eu will keep devolving power and will actually reform the next time the majority of citizens of a powerful member state wish to leave . 
  yeah , fuck what the people democratically want . 
  if you had you had spend you days on the front cleaning up after politicians maybe you would be too, 
  pence is a pretty basic bitch republican . 
  cut from the same mold as dubya , cruz , romney etc. 
  he 's not calling any shots . 
  the biggest population killing black people are other blacks . 
  that 's not racism . 
  one story on superficial differences does n't make a very compelling case nor does it provide evidence that the `` magic dirt '' theory extends to all ethnicities and at mass numbers . 
  there are twin studies with counter evidence that i 'm sure you are well aware of . 
  you 're arguing there 's no great benefit to being 120 + however there 's is very clear evidence that lower intelligence ( sub 85 ) is a big big problem when trying to make it in western societies . 
   so it is the same like any country no , it was n't a problem 30 years ago when sweden was a nation built from a homogenous ethnic group . 
  it does n't have a history of colonialism ( ok outside of europe ) or slavery , it 's not an `` immigrant nation '' . 
  so it 's valid question to say `` since things were better when it was just our people and our community - why are we doing this ? '', 
  liberal redditors rush to tell me that problems in malm\u00f6 are due to eastern europeans and balkan refugees and have been for decades . 
  like my only objective to migration in skin colour or religion . 
  no , my question is again the same as above and reinforced by the failure of `` white '' immigrants . 
  what was the point of importing other peoples problems , degrading your own standard of living and creating ghettos . 
  what possible good was achieved from that and why continue the experiment with another ethnic group ? 
  it 's completely valid to ask why you are changing your community to accommodation a foreign population . 
  what your expectations are for immigrants and what happens if they do n't fulfill these expectations ? 
  what cost are you willing to bear to support them ? 
  and yes i know there are individual success stories , there are in my country too . 
  but i 'm interested in the `` macro '' view here , not projecting good intentions . 
  `` sometimes small white populations have problems so it does n't matter if we import other people and more problems '' ok . 
  would you rather live in south africa or somalia ? 
  well there 's nothing original there , so yes . 
   trump is showing what happens when a rightwing populist gets elected and people do not like it . 
  hate to break it to you but he 's running at 55 % approval rating . 
  he 's trying to do what the people elected him to do and they are loving it . 
  maybe take a peak outside of huffpo and cnn from time to time ? 
  you 've also got the soviet union , yugoslavia , czechoslovakia , austro-hungary as counter arguments . 
  very well put . 
  just because this lumbering beast has some function in it 's current form does n't mean we should n't be striving for something better . 
  it 's clear the eu has no desire for change . 
  i am a nationalist but see a purpose for a future pan european federation . 
  but the eu in it 's current form needs to be torn down first . 
  sucker punching people with different political views and destroying shops because you are upset at an election result is pretty `` fascist '', 
   but anything more than token reductions will harm economic growth . 
  i 'll take a slower economy in a place with high trust , community and social cohesion . 
  i 'd much prefer that over a strong economy and not recognising languages being spoken , not understand shop signs , not talking with my neighbours and feeling like an alien in my homeland . 
  sure ? 
  i can go to prison for questioning certain individual parts the holocaust on my blog but i can do a speaking tour fully denying any deaths due to socialism in russia / eastern europe , china and cambodia etc with no problem . 
  jordan petersen is being accused of hate speech for refusing to use recently invented and * constantly changing * pronouns such as ze , zu , xir , zir . 
  canada is trying to pass legislature making this a hate crime . 
  nyc already passed it . 
  professors are denying biological differences between sexes . 
  attacks on free speech today , such as censoring people drawing mohammad are always originated from the left . 
  are you being ironic or have you not studied history ? 
  hey but at least i can get shawarma while europe burns, 
  people are free to apply for a work visa and countries are free to assess applicants against the current needs of the labour market and any other criteria for immigrants unique to that country . 
  her immigration plan would save france . 
  the history of europe shows multi ethnic states very rarely work and never multi racial . 
  i mean , as you stretch that to it 's conclusion do n't the natives end up a tiny percentage of the demographic over many years ?
