  ayo hol up - you sayin daz raycis ? 
  it 's not expressed goal of any of those things to kill as many of us as possible . 
  in fact many of them have made significance advances in decreasing uncessary death . 
  right but what actually will change policy wise because of this ? 
  ** emphasis **, 
  did you just victim blame children at a concert ? 
  the first crusade had nothing to do with hating minorities and everything to do with islamic expansion and conquest ( they had taken the whole iberian peninsula at this point and were barely repelled in france a generation or two earlier , all of christian north africa had fallen ) . 
  also it 's no secret that jews are a people living amongst other people . 
  it 's a pretty obvious conclusion that anything to weaken the bonds of unity among the majority is in their best interests . 
  it 's in best interests for all minorities , not just jews . 
  are muslim women wearing it by choice or are their husbands / fathers making them ? 
  how many fully veiled girls have you seen playing with european children ? 
  how many in hijab ? 
  nuns can leave the church of their own volition and not be punished by death, 
  how many syrian 's made it into israel ? 
  there 's a lot of good for thee but not for we in geopolitics . 
   does n't matter if the danger is now or in 10 years . 
  it absolutely does . 
  also if we stopped taking their smartest citizens perhaps they could help the situation in their own countries . 
  also 1984 was about socialism . 
  as a fascist i find the comparison upsetting . 
  anonymity and freedom to express what they are thinking without judgement . 
  cpg grey did a short video on the royal family and the benefits . 
  modern europeans would never endure so much to fight for their countries . 
  there are death tolls for individual battles in wwi that match the entire syrian civil war . 
  they were leveling entire forests within hours with the shear amount of shells dropped . 
  there 's a line in a blueprint for armageddon podcast where he describes an entire tree being uprooted by one explosion and then blowing up again before getting back to the ground . 
  now times that visual by 100 's of thousands in one morning . 
  also there was a lot of unexploded ordinance due to rushed production - i recall that one of the reasons the somme was so disastrous was due to this , the british expected far more damage to german artillery and barbed wire in no man 's lands before the infantry was sent over the top . 
  some unexploded shells of course containing mustad gas . 
  clean up was not only super deadly and was also causing further serious mental damage to survivors . 
  i did n't read the article you linked but this is a very good book on the subject . 
  people still die every year because of this . 
  aftermath : the remnants of war : from landmines to chemical warfare -- the devastating effects of modern combat, 
  i do n't care about gay people being in relationship or having civil union but i do object to the government forcing churches to marry them . 
  maybe this survey picks up on some of that . 
  this does n't seem too scandalous , although very unfortunate . 
  certainly not at rotherham levels of ridiculousness of refusing to interfere because the subject was brown and islamic . 
  this is how reality tv stars get power . 
  interesting , you 're telling me that minorities generally vote for things that benefit their group over the general success of the country ? 
  the subcontinent is n't in the eu . 
  that 's the migration we should have sorted out a long time ago . 
  bleak but fair . 
  the point is it 's stressful living in foreign lands . 
  which is why they try to make it like their homelands . 
  nice to see some european 's still love their flag and nation . 
  `` bisexual '' is a bigoted terms because it implies two genders . 
  52 percent think homosexuality should be illegal in the uk . 
  not extremists http://www.thetimes.co.uk/article/what-do-british-muslims-really-think-j72t7fppc, 
  how is the first point different to nato where you also get the might of the us ( and norway ! ) . 
  who are you planning on attacking ? 
  they are a death cult , they want to die . 
  they live to fight and want to goad us into a battle that will bring on the end days . 
  also it helps recruitment . 
  anything else you want to tell us about ? 
  seems like a good option so long as it 's reported correctly . 
  i 'm not sure what to make of `` meh '' or neutral rating . 
  for me it means they are n't a great part of your life and you do n't really notice their impact , so everything is probably ok for you . 
  i think it can be a positive almost preferable state , especially now that we follow elections like football matches . 
  you could say the same for jon snow , except for the great sense of humour . 
   demographics only point to a strengthened political will to make it work . 
  according to the people or the politicians ? 
  because i 'm not sure if you 've noticed recently but the people are hurting and screaming for alternatives . 
  talking about wilders and le pen `` losing '' completely misses the large growing numbers of people desperate for an alternative from the status quo . 
  it 's not `` far right '' to speak the truth . 
  this article misses the point of actual election results to talk fluff about a walk in germany and moderate increases in support to fringe left parties which will never gain power http://www.independent.co.uk/news/nearly-half-young-french-voters-marine-le-pen-emmanuel-macron-french-election-2017-a7723291.html those are your actual future eu referendum voters , there 's no backlash among the young for the union . 
  they are the ones who have been raised in bad economies with forced diversity and now they watch the states put the needs of aliens above the needs of their own . 
  not sure why the article does n't address the le pen demographics http://www.independent.co.uk/news/nearly-half-young-french-voters-marine-le-pen-emmanuel-macron-french-election-2017-a7723291.html, 
  think of the children, 
  that is a very charitable interpretation . 
  i see it as an attempt to handwave the problem away and make someone feel shame for having concerns about their safety in public spaces . 
  this argument is annoying . 
  we as society we actively do our best to reduce car deaths , its called progress . 
  same for the argument that you are more likely to be killed by donkey than a terrorist , sure , i would agree that 's objectively true . 
  however there is n't an active well funded population of donkey 's trying their hardest to kill more of us . 
  how about some sources then . 
  what does `` support '' mean . 
  do immigrants areas vote for pro-immigrant policies ? 
  look up robert putnam for the harvard study on the negative affect of diversity on high and social capital in previously homogeneous societies . 
  dont forgot talking talk tough on immigration the week before the elections and then going back to doing nothing about it, 
  a politician met with a foreign ambassador . 
  that 's in their job description, 
  kinda shitty attitude tbh fam . 
  perhaps a number representing `` imperfect but striving to be better by listening to member nations other than germany '' would have worked out a little better . 
  i do n't think so , but i 'm also racist so it 's hard to tell . 
  i hope increasing adoption of remote office will see a revival of these places . 
  i 'd happily leave the large i city i live in if i could take my job with me . 
  i was n't talking about the eu , my statement was answering ops claim and is objectively true for hungary . 
  they showed the will and ability to put the interests of their citizens over foreigners and asylum claims dropped dramatically . 
  for the solution to scale to for the union it 's more difficult but not impossible with a desire to defend our borders . 
  we can help refugees but we simply ca n't take all economic migrants which are the vast majority of new arrivals . 
   but you know , closing your borders for everyone doesnt actually fix shit . 
  fixed the situation for hungary . 
   i just do n't get how people ca n't see how unstable europe is becoming life is pretty peachy when you 're living in a gated community and sending your kids to schools and hospitals away from the vibrancy . 
  germany would never allow such a competitor to their current grip on the union . 
  and sweden, 
  what is degenerate about them ? 
  i do n't really see the problem with supporting our people . 
  if my money has to go somewhere for a service i 'd prefer my neighbour to supply it . 
  and now we have sex junk .
