  good to hear about the march . 
  i did n't see a reference to sect but hopefully the ones that turn up are more than just the ahmadiyya . 
  i think sam harris summarised this best by saying `` anyone should be free to deny the holocaust and the rest of us should be free to ridicule them '' sunlight is the best disinfectant , all this does is fuel conspiracy theorists . 
  ... is not taken seriously anywhere, 
  no , my political stances need to be expressed in 140 characters or less or i go back to watching tv, 
   you are an eu-citizen , you can move to france if you want to . 
  this is part i find mind-boggling . 
  everyone is like `` wow , i might just move to france now '' . 
  unless you are now tempted by somehow receiving funding then there were no prior obstacles . 
  what do you make of the idea that his money and safety to bound to his power ? 
  to be fair pride parades are straight up degenerate these days . 
  it 's a shame the community ca n't control itself better . 
  i 'd never take my children to one . 
  it 's nice to see people peacefully demonstrate for their rights ... watching barely dressed males simulate sex acts on each other , not so much, 
  import the world 's people , import the world 's problems, 
  yes , this is why immigration to western nations is fundamentally immortal . 
  these people are desperately needed in their homelands . 
  the truly insane part is that they are funded by tax payers to sit around trying to find new ways to kill tax payers, 
  maybe they know enough ? 
  maybe they know their culture is a global minority and does n't stand up to millions of new europeans ? 
  maybe they do n't want to be minorities in their capital cities like we in the west ? 
  maybe they do n't want to talk about race and diversity quotas in their homelands for the next 200 years ? 
  maybe they understand you only get one homeland ? 
  remind me of the vote members nation took to accept economic migrants from the 3rd world ? 
  if you are already dealing with a euro-skeptic nation then telling them to accept illegal immigrants or incur punitive repercussions is a bit short sighted . 
  replace population with people from another country - wcgw ? 
  do you want populist leaders ? 
  because that 's how you get populist leaders . 
  it 's not that simple . 
  really ? 
  sauce ? 
  the only way forward is western chauvinism which is basically telling people to act like europeans . 
  which is reverse cultural imperialism , but since it 's in our backyard it 's ok . 
  sad really , i think it 's time for a more inclusive flag for our new citizens . 
  germany will never accept a competing power of the size of russia into the union . 
  never . 
  with nuclear power and teslas we could put them back in the stone age where they nwlong . 
  got ta push that narrative somehow . 
  mobile roaming data does n't use the internet to go between carriers . 
  it 's transferred on private networks ( or the one public exchange in europe ) , if the internet is accessed it goes out via the country of origin for that subscriber , not locally . 
  also i do n't get reddit in the eu for free . 
  i give money to a network provider who aggregates costs and passes these costs on to users . 
  and yes towers also cost money to maintain and have adequate bandwidth - now demand on them will increase by foreigners travelling in those countries requesting significantly higher bandwidth . 
  because the data exits in the country of origin of the subscriber , not locally . 
  it has to go there and back . 
  also now you need infrastructure and bandwidth to serve to millions of other subscribers who travel in your country so roaming agreements will reflect that . 
  do n't build on a major fault line, 
  arrested for revving engine in front of muslims https://www.thenewspaper.com/news/13/1347.asp, 
  uk intelligence agencies https://www.thetimes.co.uk/article/huge-scale-of-terror-threat-revealed-uk-home-to-23-000-jihadists-3zvn58mhq, 
  someone needs to pay for that data to return home and back , also now there are increased demands on your national infrastructure from travelers . 
  these things are n't free . 
  edit : downvotes ? 
  someone care to explain the new technology that ships data around the continent at no cost to anybody ? 
  some do . 
  that 's why they throw gay people if buildings . 
  they have full equality under the law . 
  it 's sufficient . 
  government does n't need to tell organisation what do to . 
  if you do n't like it go make a gay church and marry people there . 
  your argument is really broken . 
  if atrocious teaching are n't followed then it 's a moot point . 
  got an example on that first point ? 
  interested to know if there 's a specific example or denomination using it, 
  most of slaughter during the russian communist revolution was done in good faith and with the best intentions . 
  the new testament is very different from the old . 
  i am an atheist but would say that is everyone followed the actual teachings of christ the world be a better place . 
  what corrupts the message is people and tremendously powerful organisations . 
  puritans trying to obsessivly control people corrupts the message . 
  also the quran is just toxic . 
  two very different books and prophets . 
  same here . 
  italians only pls, 
  superiors breeding numbers and suppression of native values so everyone can feel included . 
  this is an impending disaster . 
  she did n't even support it . 
  i want to live in country where foreigners are carefully selected to match the needs of our economy and cultural compatible . 
  once we demographic change is n't making my people a minority on our capital city . 
  you 're being serious are n't you ? 
   there are plently of legal problems with arresting people who have not been convicted of any crime that 's why we have dark sites :d, 
  that and all the f ` ing treasure we gave them to fight the war . 
  did you read the accord ? 
  it kind of is, 
  yeah only 1/3 of the population voted for it . 
  i 'm sure this will go away now . 
  anywhere , it 's does n't really matter . 
  a greek island , land in north african , refugee camp in jordan . 
  this is n't 5 star hotel , just the bare basics . 
  in fact , as basic as is still legal . 
  this is an exercise in discouraging the action and only helping the truly endangered and desperate . 
  when they reach the continent they are sent here and held until processed . 
  if their application is approved they are resettled , if denied we escort them back to their country of origin . 
  claims will rapidly diminish when europe shows the williness to deport and make entry extremely difficult . 
  look at the recent numbers of illegal entrants into the us . 
  it 's dramatically decreased under trump . 
  not because of a wall but because they know there 's no point trying and getting settled when the government is willing to crack down on these things . 
  right now we let people just hang out in a disruptive camp in france until the uk finally gives up and accepts 25 year old children . 
  what message is that sending ? 
  a welcoming one . 
  why would n't you try your luck if you were in their situation ? 
  they remember the course of history can change in an instant .
