  we are celebrating that wilders and le pen are only getting 20 - 35 % of the vote ... as if that buries the issue once and for all . 
  zimbabwe failed because of extreme affirmation action . 
  blacks in power seized white run farms ( often killing the previous occupants ) , and then ran them into the ground causing extreme famine . 
  this is n't a coincidence . 
  in socialist revolutions the first people against the wall are the well meaning kind hearted people who thought it was for the greater good . 
  as system it will always be corrupted . 
  i agree but why should the migrant crisis be america 's concern ? 
  it 's our land and border and the vast majority are coming for economic reasons not humanitarian . 
  they are here because we are actively shipping them over . 
  they here because merkel invited them . 
  as lefties downvote think about the core message that came from germany during this time - and think about them going so far as to threaten other members with this burden . 
  as much as this sub likes to deny it this is a turning point in europe 's history with merkel at the centre of it - we only have ourselves to blame for this situation . 
  why did the refo have to come to europe and not to a camp in jordan where we could have helped 11 more for the same money spent on him/her/ze in europe ? 
  r/politics mostly, 
  soup nazi 's too , i wish my local sandwhich shop enforced such discipline on customers during the lunch period . 
  yes i was surprised but my intuition is that obama is smarter person . 
  my perception is probably shaped by w being marketed as the texas good ol boy you want to have a beer with . 
  whereas obama was a young harvard law professor who achieved his success without the leg up you get from being part of a notable family . 
  i think this data says more about what speech you need to adopt to appeal to the greater population then personal attributes of the speaker . 
  same reason it 's ok to `` punch a nazi '' . 
  people do n't think about these laws applied to them by people they do n't support ... one day when the populist gets elected then guess what will get legally removed as fake news and removed as `` hate speech '' . 
  when you are getting assaulted for challenging the system because the balanced of power has shifted ( as it inevitably will ) then expect these laws and actions to be used against you . 
  obama spoke at the same level as w https://www.cmu.edu/news/stories/archives/2016/march/speechifying.html, 
  obama spoke at the same level as w https://www.cmu.edu/news/stories/archives/2016/march/speechifying.html, 
   what 's surprising is that this is an actual word why would n't it be ? 
  it 's perfectly cromulent, 
  weird , maybe try spanish gal bbc for a relevant article, 
  as dan carlin likes to say * `` if it 's ok for the guy you like to have this power then it 's ok for the guy you do n't like to do this when s/he 's in charge '' * also they killed al awlaki 's 16 year old son who had no documented evidence of supporting his father . 
  although i ca n't remember if he was in the building with a known terrorist when it happened . 
  also i 'd recommend `` dirty wars '' to anyone who want 's to learn more on this . 
  still does n't seem right to me . 
  the guy knows the world is watching his every move looking for the smallest sign to overthrow him . 
  he has isis on the retreat and then out of the blue decides to attack civilians . 
  now macron is just signalling more intervention and everyone is happy . 
  hooray for the mic ? 
  how about let assad and russia stabilise the area and focus on our border ? 
  completely reasonable and commonsense viewpoint . 
  you ca n't have strong welfare and open borders . 
   you actually post on the_donald . 
  let 's not pretend you actually do n't believe other races have lower iqs . 
  what 's posting on the donald got to do with established science ? 
  here , educate yourself https://www.samharris.org/podcast/item/forbidden-knowledge the world is n't as nice as your intersectionality text books have led you to believe . 
  some things are n't social constructs and as it happens europeans are not even close to being the group with the highest iq . 
  debunc it point by point with references . 
  ( references to real things , not your feelings ), 
  emotionally , god damn i hope there 's a leak of whatever happened between her and trump . 
  pretty sure it was spicy . 
  you blaming us for starting a civil war in syria now ? 
  ok . also germany decides and europe follows . 
  if you reject this you having been paying attention . 
  germany bought millions of aliens into schengen , that affects the eu . 
  the danger of letting germany be the unofficial ruler is rapidly becoming apparent . 
  how many nukes do you really need ? 
  r/funny nailed it https://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/6dg7qn/lord_of_the_rings_in_2017/, 
   my point is what did people expect ? 
  enoch powell foresaw this in '68 - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3mtif6tw-io reviled by the media but supported by his countryman , it still ruined his career ( a truly gifted man who possibly could have become pm ) . 
  the effect was to make immigration a third rail for years to come . 
  however if you told the population in the 60 's that london would be majority non-british whites by 2017 they would have been more concerned . 
   it generally takes immigrants two to three generations to fully learn the new language 100 - 200 years for immigrants to learn a language ? 
  what the actual fuck are you talking about ? 
  the fact that those communities even exist is evidence that people do n't integrate . 
  the primary culture is the us is based of the european settlers . 
  spell out for me the point you are trying to argue , because i only see nonsense . 
  the us army is n't free . 
  ** they need to fund it because it 's involved in wars in other countries , this means the nations treasure is n't used on the welfare of their own citizens ** finally i also mentioned china , they have a huge army , is it in their best interests to use it in nations with have nothing to do with their territory ? 
  what about brazil , turkey , thailand , indonesia , india ? 
  do you really need to go full nazi ? 
   reluctant `` leader '' recent example - refugee crisis . 
  they are clearly acting against the wishes of the majority of member states but they 've all along with them because they are the most powerful . 
  germany is by far the largest exporter within the eu . 
  a large stable block of partners with trade agreements as part of membership is completely in their best interests . 
  they 'd claim my broken toaster if it made headlines, 
   the vast majority of undocumented immigrants in the us come from people who overstay their visa . 
  firstly , they are not `` undocumented '' . 
  they are illegal . 
  someone in my house without my permission is not an `` undocumented homeowner '' , they are an intruder . 
  polifact estimates 40 % are over stayers http://www.politifact.com/florida/statements/2015/jul/29/marco-rubio/rubio-says-40-percent-illegal-immigrants-are-overs/ so no problem , let 's take care of the other 60 % entering illegally with a wall . 
  the wall has the ability to halt most illegal troubles in the us . 
  works for israel . 
  for the other illegal immigrants sure , let 's also have exit visa documentation so we know who is overstaying and can track them down and deport them . 
  let 's also fine employers substantial amounts to destroy the job market taking advantage of these people . 
   japan scorns international trade . 
  i did n't say that , i argued against `` ignore crises outside your borders and expect everything to get better as a result '' that has nothing to do with trade , that 's about avoiding getting involved in foreign wars . 
  the state 's focus should be on the prosperity of it 's people , the tax payers who support the state . 
  fighting wars in the me is not the bet interests of people living on the other side of the world . 
  the argument is that you ca n't `` ignore crises outside your borders and expect everything to get better as a result '' so convince me that japan getting involved in the wars abroad would improve their situation . 
  why is the size of japan 's army important ? 
  is military spending cool again ? 
  the umbrella of protestantism makes up the largest christian demographic . 
  but catholics are the largest * single * denomination, 
  that 's a photo of two people looking in the same general direction . 
  the baby has a personal life and freedoms too . 
  incentives and tax cuts for natives to have babies up to like families of 3 or something . 
  who would you say is a famous american , a cultural icon who ca n't speak english ? 
  petro dolla ... i mean freedom . 
  also not only did it destabilise a region leading to a big part of the refugee crisis it also became a large isis training camp . 
  thanks obama . 
  did n't you listen to trump ? 
  baron is all over cyber and only aged 10, 
  clearly not a typical candidate - but what policies set him apart from typical candidates,
