  if they got clinton 's emails it was she specially bypassed best practices for her convenience . 
  security engineers can build the most technically impregnable systems but that is n't worth much if the humans using them are incompetent . 
  they are the generation which will be poorer than their parents , struggle to own property , get accused of being the cause of the world 's problems ( google mtvs nys resolution for white men ) , and now have to compete with immigrants and their in groul preferences since their parents imported the 3rd world for their financial gain . 
  well it is , but for the other side . 
  in soviet russia we still use megabytes :( look i 'm posting in jest but the point is clear . 
  it 's easier to blame external influences then internal ones . 
  the `` podesta emails '' has zero affect on the election , it was the second comey email investigation , which had nothing to do with russia , which / may / have had an influence . 
  also there are many many others reason why people rejected the dems . 
  these reason are going to start happening in your backyard unless you examine the mood of the people and stop blaming everything on russia . 
  definitely view only, 
  yes indeed . 
  2016 was just the preamble . 
  hard but ultimately triumphant times are coming folks . 
  very interesting that post like this gets many up votes but as soon as we discuss solutions or prevention the down votes , bleeding hearts and head in the sand brigade comes out . 
  no , open your mind and read their magazine . 
  it 's describes who they hate and why . 
  european country = west . 
  these terrorists are opportunists and will lash out wherever is most convenient . 
  that 's not true . 
  it 's well studied that people bond with people who look like them . 
  damn people with their alternate opinions based on facts instead of muh feels . 
  people like this getting into positions of actual power is destroying the west . 
  the world is a very dangerous place despite your comfortable upbringing . 
  they took zero refugees , have strict immigration policies based on protecting a jewish majority and defend their border with a wall . 
  can you see europe doing any of those ? 
  diversity is our strength . 
  europe failing it 's muslims once again , when will we learn . 
  this guy had a record , if and anyone kicked him out and forced re-check upon entry this would n't have happened . 
  and big deal , i 'll travel with my passport and go through customs in future . 
  i lose 30 minutes every so often and we maintain a safe prosperous community . 
  i really do n't see the negative against maintaining a stable population of locals and skilled eu migrants . 
  it 's actually better for our friends in ee to maintain their skilled citizens to build their countries . 
  the gdp of western europe is n't everything . 
  the tolerant left ladies and gentlemen, 
  there is an undeniable link between muslim population and terror attacks . 
  parts og belgium and france have strong populations and have been greater targets . 
  uk has busted a few attacks . 
  things are quiet in say slovakia or slovenia . 
  you got ta screen for those poisoned skittles if you want to import the me in to your backyard . 
  they do n't distinguish between nations . 
  we are all kafir and they are opportunists . 
  if it 's ok for the guy you like to censor the news you do n't like then in 20 years it 's also ok for the guy you do n't like to censor the news you do like . 
  this is why politics should be left to the grown ups . 
  yep all the uk 's fault . 
  it 's gon na hurt for you when the same shit happens in 5 years but we 're out . 
  how are those stale forced memes working out for ya ? 
  white south africans built , maintained and administered that land for generations . 
  i gave an example of a historically majority x country being represented by a minority y. 
  yes , some people find that surprising , and some find it alarming . 
  they think you 're racist because of your personal sexual preferences . 
  if she was n't dark skinned no one would care or interpret your comment that way . 
  the left wo n't rest until they control your thoughts on who they think you should want to breed with . 
  historic population demographics ? 
  if you saw a white ms nigeria would you not do a double take ? 
   you do believe in everyone 's right for a decent and humane life do n't you ? 
  at what cost ? 
  increased surveillance , decreased personal freedom , less opportunities for my children , overstressed education , housing and health facilities , decreased social cohesion . 
  at what point do i owe foreigners my sacrifice for their misfortune . 
  it 's cheaper and ultimately more altruistic to help refugees abroad . 
  we do n't need to import them and lose parts of our cities to ghettos anymore . 
  finally your definition of humane is too broad . 
  fleeing from a war zone i can agree on . 
  but is it a dollar sustenance figure ? 
  do economic migrants deserve the indefinite support of the european people . 
  how many people exactly is that in the world and does the math work ? 
  lol that 's so true . 
  i should get some iraqis for my home . 
  * shrug * op is from belguim . 
  they need to convince themselves the borderless global welfare parallel society hole they 've been digging is worth it . 
   calls for torture are for one just deferring to this ridiculous and ineffective american ` macho ' eye-for-an-eye mindset which helps nobody , and only helps to contribute to the erosion of human rights for everyone else . 
  it would sure help to discourage the invaders from misbehaving and protect the interests of the native people . 
  using a stat from before the migrant crisis ... 
  fake news . 
  which foreign power did this ? 
  there is zero proof of any orders or government agency involvement . 
  stop it with the fakenews trying influence opinion . 
  democratic bias in us mainstream media and much greater reach and audience . 
  maybe those parties have better security policies that do n't specifically bypass government security recommendations . 
  when you have proof it was a government order and they did n't try similar tactics on other republic candidates i 'll consider this more . 
  that 's not western civilisation , it 's jewish . 
  also who cares . 
  there is nothing but pain and wasted money , lives and effort in the me . 
  us military involvement has been a disaster and will continue to be so . 
  israel choose to live there . 
  they can learn to defend it without crippling the us with israeli interests . 
  no , i think it looks better on my facebook if i signal support for muslims over christians . 
  no s/he 's a person doing a replaceable job and it 's if no interest to anyone who 's actually doing it . 
  do n't play word games . 
   also who gets to define hate speech ? 
  whoever is powerful at the time and does n't want to be criticised . 
  also something about minorities to make it seemed justified and appeal to peoples emotions . 
  sounds like they triggered the neo-cons . 
  yes , that recent anonymous article about the guy becoming a right wing radical because he listened to sam harris was an embarrassment . 
  i understand it 's just an opinion piece and they have every right to publish it . 
  but it clearly shows they are desperate for right wing smear pieces and happy to publish fakes new to get it . 
  for me this undermines their legitimacy of their `` real '' news . 
  it 's speaks volumes of the left and their poverty of ideas that the only tactic to reach youth is to force meme a stale candidate . 
  as opposed to y' know policy that benefit voters . 
  what they have completely missed is that every single trump has a nugget of truth , it 's not `` kids being silly '' . 
  it 's a slight exaggeration , the spirit if the comment is do n't encourage migration from non conflict zones and help refugees abroad .
