  the nhs will keep you alive but i found it lacking for sports injuries . 
  they have to prioritise so injuries stopping you from being optimal but still functional are n't taken seriously . 
  which is why i have private healthcare . 
  is there some implication that the arab spring was a positive thing for most people ? 
  russia has gdp just under italy , it 's barely a regional power . 
  it 's only notable right now because liberals are kvetching . 
  i could open a salt mine with this comment, 
  no counter argument , no data , unwarranted personal insult . 
  yep , the classical leftist `` remainer '' i 've come to expect . 
   having said that , it 's sad to see such blatant disregard for neutrality and journalistic integrity from a newspaper in the uk i think it 's an industry wide problem tbh fam . 
  i ca n't see a way back to normalcy for the main stream media . 
  we could just invest in our own people, 
  meh , would probably rustle my jimmies more if we were n't leaving the union . 
  we 'll be gone by the time the `` new europeans '' have citizenship . 
  this is more tedious than mcgregor mayweather news, 
  just keep piling on the white guilt to american 's . 
  i 'm sure there wo n't be any backlash . 
  oh wait it 's already started . 
  how many millions of people will become uae citizens this year ? 
  singapore ? 
  can i buy land in china ? 
  whatcyou listed are for all intents european influence and administered countries . 
  it 's perfectly understandable to maintain the demographics of your society else they would have become asian colonies with vastly different cultural ideas and political interests for their ethnic groups . 
  that 's a bleak outlook . 
  i 'm really tired on the baseless speculation of a state with less gdp then italy . 
  it 's time to put up or shutup on russia . 
  the hell does any of that have to do with nazism ? 
  are all socialists stalinists ? 
  we end one supporting sanity but we got banned :(, 
   equal member like how germany is an `` equal member '' of the eu ? 
  atleast two hijabs or reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee, 
  are you confident your great grand children will have their interests adequately represented or will the interests of `` new europeans '' take precedence ? 
  me - adopted fully into cutural norms , taxes , desire to maintain the culture not import an alien one ( see the pakistani mp who passed an anti `` islamaphobia '' motion in canada ) my ancestors - more taxes , blood . 
  that is false and completely ignores the devastating impact of communism on the east . 
  tell me more about the finnish colonies and the links to their prosperity . 
  or school me on the foreign lands germany raped to restore her economy after being completely anhilated in 1945 . 
  will europe be europe with a non-european population ? 
  hopefully we become a borderless mixed blob of generic humanity with the culture , language and traditions of my ancestors forgotten , 
  nothing , we are basically living in his nightmare . 
  his clairvoyance is unsettling with dark times to come . 
  pretty much . 
  we solved our issues then decided to mass import islam . 
  and now this . 
  what has been the benefits to europeans ? 
  if gdp enters you 're mind you 're immediately wrong and need to research more . 
  it would be a lot easier if we went back to one culture, 
  only if you 're white commenting on `` minorities '', 
  a 50 freeze on non eu immigration would be a good start . 
  we ca n't cope with this pace . 
  about we get start responding to a group openly hostile to us and who declared demographic war against us ? 
  balkanisation , hopefully . 
  ok , now do it from the leavers view and somewhere in the middle is the truth . 
  no , i think that 's racist now . 
  it 's a completely legitimate question at a time when we are mass importing populations under the assumption they will become europeans in the second generation . 
  iq is stronk predictor of wealth , predeliction to crime , success in western societies , even reflex . 
  it 's crucial to know if there is biological barrier that needs to be addressed by western educators . 
  and yes research into the iq of second generation immigration show they tend to regress to mean of their native country despite the western education . 
  see jason richwine . 
  edit : i seem to be hurting some feelings , feel free to come at me with science . 
  we need to understand these things openly and honestly as if our future depends upon it . 
  all of them , race is just a social construct . 
  so once you live on different dirt you need to eat different things . 
  nice , europe needs more muslim immigration . 
  it 's to our benefit i wish more people could understand this . 
  no , not at all . 
  take a deep breath , it will be forgotten in a news cycle . 
  go back to focusing on russia and golden showers . 
  or keep going on about tax returns if you still want . 
  you did n't listen to working class whites . 
  what now ? 
  she 's not powerful and is no threat to him . 
  he 's a billionaire and commander in chief of the greatest military in human history . 
  outclassed by trudeau ? 
  that great world leader ? 
  no , i think that 's a false equivalency . 
   are leftists denying biological differences ? 
  yep , hop on youtube and watch steven pinker or jordan peterson debate them . 
   so it 's only fair to let them use the appropriate toilet . 
  i do n't want mentally ill men in skirts near my daughter , thanks . 
   do n't mix tumblrisms with real ideological discourse . 
  see attacks of freedom of speech in canada and new york  if you want to use the `` barbarians at the gates '' analogy just do it . 
  check my post history , i 'm very open about my thoughts on non eu immigration . 
  treating men , women & gay people equally = tolerance , equality & non discrimination denying biological differences between sexes , letting men use girls bathrooms if they say they are a women 10 minutes ago , forcing others to use pronouns which a fluid and can change at a moment , denying the effects of external cultures on european society = pc culture, 
   wealthier enjoy your salary when you 're competing with 9 billion people, 
  what is this supposed to solve ? 
  why should europeans change their way of live to accommodate other cultures ? 
  i rode horses around there for awhile , nice place nice people . 
  are you dog whistling that former colonies tend to be more civilised and stable places to live ? 
  honestly that 's pretty bigoted and islamaphobic . 
  the burden is on us too make our new europeans feel welcome . 
  the only feasible solution is to invest more resources to help them . 
  same reason i do n't get to complain about a restaurant i 'm not eating at . 
  also `` terrible ideas and shitty opinions '' is very subjective . 
  what happens when a foreign government interfere to counter the ideas that * you * like ? 
  israel is awful to palestinians and neighbours . 
  the harsh reality is that given enough time and including the wars israel drags the us into that the death count will catch up . 
   ( he is under severe surveillance for over 10 years because an attempt on his life is a realistic probability ) for speaking out on islam & moroccans ? 
  anyone else see the problem here . 
   where fed-up rural , white britons were anxious about immigration and resentful of eu bureaucrats how dare they !, 
  as always it 's the people that will tear the union down .
