nigerians are the most educated group in the united states no they 're not . 
  in fact there 's a distinct racial difference in academic achievement in the us . 
  you want them , you take them . 
  `` oh a unmanned knee high wall did n't work 2000 years ago guys - just give up '' also its working just fine in australia . 
  who would have thought modern technology and military developments would make a difference ... 
  if europe grows some balls and fights for the spirit of the native people it will be easy to solve . 
  be more angry next time . 
  if you keep screaming about about fake history maybe some idiots will agree without question . 
  but people with brains will look at asylum applications in hungary before and after the wall . 
  or are facts not allowed here ? 
  the fences worked, 
  educate the population so you can steal the best ? 
  the should remain we they are more desperately needed . 
  how many countries do you need to create goodwill in ? 
  the continent of africa ? 
  it 's cheaper to protect the borders and more prwcticle when you need to defend against a threat beyond european control ( like climate migration ), 
  can they still magically pull money out of the air but charge real interest on it ? 
  yes ? 
  well then i think everything is going to be ok for them . 
  anecdotal , but in my experience people with families have more long term views and that 's something our continent desperately needs more of . 
  i do n't recall russia implementing suicidal immigration policies and affirmation action policies blaming white people for everything in western nations . 
  this is all on us and the failure of our progressive pc culture which is now being rejected . 
  whether or not it 's too late is still an open question . 
  don jr is more likely, 
  your leader invited the 3rd world into our borders - the us just signalled it 's ok to give a fuck about your country , it 's people and borders . 
  you can call someone a racist for a year because that word has lost it 's meaning due to liberal abuse and constant rejection of facts . 
  europe will follow . 
  and yet here you are in thread dedicated to it, 
  in the us cnn , msnbc and abc are basically mouthpieces for the clinton campaign . 
  you seen r/politics lately ? 
  nah , my comment history is worse . 
  and just for your piece of mind - this will probably delay triggering article 50 just long enough for le pen to get elected , hold a referendum on frexit ( currently 65 % leave ) and dissolve the eu once and for all . 
  and yet millions of people are literally dying to get in . 
  you remember that story about people peeing on a church ? 
  if that was a mosque there would have been mass arrests for hate crimes . 
  fuck what we 've become . 
  it is fear , he could have mocking buddhism and no-one would give a shit . 
  libs think if you mildly offend muslims they become murderous barbarians . 
  what about all the stuff they released during the bush presidency . 
  * sigh * yes you could blame the russian boogeyman and as expected produce zero evidence . 
  oooor you could maybe take a look at the immigration policies which are rustling an entire continent . 
  it 's really not that difficult to understand the tone of the people in these times . 
   negative nationalism means believing that one 's own country is superior to others , be it due to ethnical , cultural , religious , ecc . 
  reasons . 
  really though - would you ever live in a muslim country where you could be executed for being gay , an athiest , or a witch . 
  where as a female you could n't leave your house without a male chaperone ? 
  european culture is superior and should be cherished . 
  i am complete unapologetic in that proclamation and there 's nothing negative about it valuing and preserving what we have . 
  you need only look at the billions of people willing move here to prove that . 
   whilst ` native ' european labourers have become wealthier . 
  i do n't think that 's the case . 
  these people and their families spent generations building our societies and have been left behind in favour of recent arrivals who bring significant burdens for everybody with them . 
   integration that 's not a solution . 
  it 's the obvious goal but the problem is that integration is n't working for various deeply troubling reasons which ca n't be overcome with platitudes . 
  it 's sad but you 've been living under a rock if you think it 's unexpected . 
  here 's a thought experiment to see how far we 've fallen - as a edgy teen i used to wear my cradle of filth `` jesus is cunt '' shirt for looks and shock value . 
  try wearing a `` mohammed is a cunt '' shirt in any european capital and you 'll assualted or arrested within minutes . 
  if you do n't want your politicians to be ideologues then let them change their minds occasionally . 
  of course if money is a reason they are changing their minds frequently ( e.g. 
  clinton ) then that 's a problem . 
  otherwise people and their ideas evolve over time as we learn new things and update our goals . 
  the media thrives of adversarial relationships between two parties . 
  this is n't going away soon . 
  i 'd say a forgotten working class did it, 
  i did n't read the article . 
  i just came her for rage and now i feel better . 
  outdated and worthless . 
  needs to be updated to prep for mass population movement and upcoming climate migrants who storm europe in the coming years . 
  take some island in the mediterranean and turn it into detention & processing facility . 
  or come to an agreement with a north african nation . 
  after this year that 's not necessary . 
  they just need to sit back and wait . 
  pretty much , i 'd put good money on the immigration rates staying constant or increasing prior to the actual brexit . 
  people ca n't seem to get enough of these racist , xenophobic countries . 
  what happens when your immigrants get old ? 
  just because something is bad does n't mean we should n't care if it get 's worse . 
  you can , and we as a society have , made incremental changes to improve the care of livestock raised for food . 
  yes there is still a long way too go but taking one massive step backwards does n't help this . 
  lab meat grown meat is still far enough away that the current concerns of factory farming are more than valid . 
   even if you point out the benefits of immigration , people find a way to rationalize opposition to immigration . 
  well , it 's an argument so i 'd imagine they disagree with your premise so they would hopefully use facts & reason to refute it . 
  as to your last point - yes that 's very obvious . 
  if the netherlands fell into the ocean tomorrow i do n't suppose it would upset too many germans & belgians to help them out . 
  because they will cohesively and almost seamlessly join society and start contributing immediately . 
  also they very very closely related with a shared history , culture and similarish languages . 
  it would be a short-term burden but you help your family in times of need and i 'm pretty sure the dutch would n't be burning their accommodation . 
  also the long-term benefits are obvious . 
  so why does a country encourage immigration of a completely foreign culture from another part of the world when the long term outlook is not so rosey . 
  the long term burdens are expectations of tax payer assisted immigration or else you get ghettos , crime , violence no-go zones and the lost part of the country to the locals . 
  humanitarian reasons are wrong because it 's well established that it 's cheaper to help refugees abroad ( almost 12 to 1 , which does n't apply to my example ) . 
  there 's a huuuuge amount of people who would love to live in europe . 
  billions of people . 
  why select a handful because they pushed their way in ? 
  for skilled migrants then we basically stealing the best and brightest from populations that * desperately * need those people . 
  i 'm sure we could solve the aging population as we move towards skills based / automated society and offered incentives for europeans to breed . 
  japan is n't exactly a 3rd world hell hole with their growth struggles - they unashamedly resist immigration and value their people and culture - yet they also find a way to survive without throwing open the gates . 
  peacefully in my bunker where i patiently wait for the end of the world surrounded by ammunition , water and dried fruit . 
  so if `` integrated '' citizens are the problem what makes the future children of refugee 's any different ? 
  muh imperialism :( definitely our fault for giving folks the change to participate in some of the most developed societies in the world but still not doing enough for them, 
   refugees have helped stop more terrorist attacks so far than `` causing '' them .
