  we seem to think the good times will last forever and that everyone wants to be like us . 
  thanks ... 
  i had my browser at 200 % zoom and my face about 5cm from my screen when i was starting to wonder if someone was trolling me . 
  i like that it 's not an left vs right issue in the east . 
  you have hungary with rightwing govt and slovakia with a left , both with common sense policy towards migration . 
  in the west it 's depressing to consider the amount of batshit right policies you need to entertain to consider protecting your communities . 
   whether that is a good goal is subjective it 's actually not subjective . 
  read `` bowling alone '' a study by a harvard professor on how when diversity is introduced to homogeneous societies creates atomised communities with less social cohesion and trust, 
  stop it , the vast majority are not syrians . 
   what do we have to do with border enforcement ? 
  inviting the world to illegally enter the union comes to mind, 
   only an irrational person would want islamic migration after all we have seen the last two decades . 
  over the last two decades i 'll cut them some slack . 
  over the last two weeks they are now recklessly endangering lives and sovereignty . 
  offshore detention centers . 
  simple . 
  i never liked this meme . 
  it does n't reflect the true nature of the problem and marginalises legitimate concerns . 
  let 's say there are just many people dying from toaster electrocutions as terror attacks . 
  well toasters are n't actively banding together and devising plots to kill more of us . 
  they do n't have a well funded homebase not far from our shores with sleeper agents living among us . 
  toaster deaths are constant and have n't been increasing since a certain brand hit the market and started entering more of our homes . 
  remember , if toasters had their way they would n't kill as many of us as they possibly could . 
  for most things on that list we are doing our best to minimise associated deaths and address the root cause of the problem . 
  terrorism should be no different . 
  if you look at the history of all them they follow very human directions . 
  i 'm an atheist who believes the world would be a better place if everyone acted like jesus told us , but churches are very corrupt . 
  `` so tired of people accusing us of being unelected eu leaders !! '', 
  meanwhile ... `` here 's a plan for you , and you , and you here 's your plan . 
  also you need more refo 's poland or we 're taking your money away from you '', 
  it 's just a reaction to bad liberal policy . 
  brave is one word to describe it, 
  interesting , seems to mirror the general east vs west trend . 
  the west seem to have forgotten how quickly the course of history can change . 
  perhaps this is fresher in the minds of certain countries . 
  society and cultures are perhaps more fragile and subject to change than we think . 
   racism and prejudice from some in europe that basically can not help but dislike islam & arab customs why do we have to used those words and imply blame on our part ? 
  we were born and raised in a society that our ancestors created . 
  our culture and concept of `` our people '' is natural to us . 
  there 's no good calling us racist and suggesting we should be forced to accept all foreigners and all behaviours . 
  in the same way i would n't call a saudi prejudice and racist for being upset with me if i started drinking topless outside of mecca . 
  it 's obvious that our customs and social norms will make some people uncomfortable hence i would question why they are here in the first place . 
  that 's why white britons have been moving out of their capital city, 
  how so ? 
  arguably they have the resources * to help the most but so far have neutral to cool on actions * of course we all know by now we that you can help 12x more in their backyards, 
  well if we put the brakes on immigration we would n't need to censor the internet or hire 20 000 more cops . 
  just sayin ... 
  what obligation does europe owe to any society that ca n't prosper of it 's own accord ? 
  what happens if the population of iraq and syria is scattered through europe ? 
  recently bangladeshis are second most numerous asylum claimants - can we take on 160 million of them as well ? 
  what do our demographics look like in 100 years ? 
  what chance do global minorities like finns and slovenians stand against those numbers ? 
  what problems will the me and asia bring to europe ? 
  what if nigeria wishes to join ? 
  we need to stop bringing in ships1mile of the coast of africa into europe but take them offshore processing facilities instead . 
  we need to establish and protect share borders with non-eu nations . 
  we need the will to do both things . 
  israel prospers in the me , with a wall and stringent immigration policy, 
  the attackers were known to authorities in all recent cases . 
  security was doing it 's job up to the point where someone makes the call to bring these guys in and get them the fuck out . 
  what 's the difference between swedish and danish psyche here ? 
  you seem to be at polar opposites on this topic . 
  it 's perfectly reasonable to be anxious about what europe looks like in 50 years with the accelerating demographic change we are experiencing and then asking what place our children will have in this new europe . 
  it 's perfectly reasonable to concerned about your safety when there are groups out there whose manifesto is to kill as europeans as possible . 
  it 's perfectly reasonable to ask questions of an immigration policy which has failed and is now endangering the lives of the people who fund the government for their protection . 
  robert spencer and pamela geller were banned from the uk for wishing to discuss this subject . 
  they did n't threaten any violence and have no history of violence . 
  but it was deemed to not be in the `` public good '' . 
  meanwhile it 's perfectly acceptable to promise that black flag of islam will be raised above downing street . 
  as we 've unfortunately seen this talk has serious consequences . 
  his mother was definitely scottish, 
  did you just place blame on past , present and future europeans who have been or will be murdered in their own streets ? 
  what about the girls now dead who were n't alive when it happened ? 
  how many do we lose before we are even ? 
  the war on iraq was a huge mistake but obama withdrawing early was even bigger . 
  we should be letting assad stablise syria and us can finish what they started in iraq . 
  purge the terrorists and let let the those countries take control of their own destiny in their countries not ours . 
  anything else is just more european deaths . 
  `` it started when you wore that dress ! '', 
  - you, 
  http://www.express.co.uk/news/uk/659913/two-in-three-british-muslims-would-not-give-police-terror-tip-offs you 're not helping . 
  so we should interfere , remove the government , and hang around for decades fighting insurgents and stabilising a government that will fold as soon we we leave ? 
  isis arose because obama withdrew too early from iraq ( not that they should have been there ) when did liberals become neocons ? 
  and what does our civilisation look like in 150 years with the current demographic trend ? 
  what if the new europeans need more then air and magic dirt to become `` european '' . 
  what happens when their voting block exceeds ours ? 
  what do you/really / need to be cheaper in your life apart of house prices ? 
  a nation has every right to control immigration , do n't marginalise a legitimate concern . 
  have you read the agreement and compared us financial obligations compared to india and china ? 
  we should pivot to electric cars and nuclear power and remove dependency on me oil . 
   france long before migrants  mainly in muslim areas . 
  i 'm surprised they blamed migration rather than toxic masculinity . 
  they fund our pensions somehow , i think . 
  i mean , not many work . 
  but if they were n't here they would n't fund our pensions . 
  i 'm not sure who funds their pensions . 
  i guess more migrants . 
  did i mention shawarma ? 
  and yet white britons leave london in droves . 
  the backlash is coming .
