  which is accurate and would aide european stability . 
  japan is nationalist . 
  not too many whites there ( because it 's nationalist ) . 
  based fujara players, 
  welcome to 100 years from now . 
  unless you resist it while you still can . 
  maybe you can move to mogadishu to get your fill of vibrancy and spare us the trouble of bringing them here ? 
  that 's out fault for bending to their wills . 
  we need to project power to secure the future for our children, 
  syrian refugees are a minority, 
  not in the mind of your average closed-minded rabidly virtue signalling leftist . 
  i mean ... how safe would you have felt on nye 's in cologne ? 
  what do you say to the girls who were failed by this policy and were sexually assaulted by foreigners ? 
  are you kidding ? 
  we will do whatever is necessary to defend this land ( provided we do n't upset anybody 's feelings , including the attackers ), 
  dear god please no , one london is enough for this island . 
  also verdun and the brusilov offensive took place in 1916 . 
  by disolving the union and reducing german influence . 
  or y' know , a moratorium on immigration . 
  diversity comes with a price, 
  white guilt is your choice not theirs . 
  `` refugee '' is n't `` person born in a poor country '', 
  looks pretty good for europeans , not so bright for illegals migrants . 
  covering your ears and screaming no . 
  well you convinced me !, 
  nato keeps peace in europe . 
  that 's ok we have room and they will support our pensions with their high skills and seamless integration . 
  it would be a perfectly natural thing to say if someone with my name was described as japanese . 
  we just set the bar incredibly low . 
  they do it everywhere though . 
  doctor who had asian and black actors in a medieval piece . 
  and yes we do n't need to dog deep into the factual nature of a program about time traveller but we both know what they are doing . 
  exactly . 
  i was in saudi arabia the other day and it was basically like edinburgh . 
  one global culture really . 
  we 've elected despots . 
  let 's see how the people respond after 4 years before we get too judgmental . 
  the recent rise of jared kushner should be a warning of where this can end up . 
  yes . 
  when european demographics are equal to the demographics of the planet . 
  then we have achieved diversity and vibrancy . 
  just because you deny a problem from a far does n't make it not be a reality in our streets . 
  bannon is white supremacist ? 
  i assume there are some easily findable quotes to back this up ? 
  but they are the majority of people entering europe illegally . 
  personally i 'd rather own a label than a knife in the face because of the natural consequences of a belief system which show no signs of reform . 
  the problem within this one community ca n't be ignored because of a word that does n't even make sense in the context of discussing religion . 
  because `` islamophobia '' is word made up by the muslim brotherhood to increase their victimhood and subvert western criticism of their belief system ( which also encompasses a justice system ) . 
  anyone who uses that word without understanding the true intent and history of it is just a useful idiot . 
  can we please stop pretending this is what anyone wants ? 
  clearly these is wrong , but does n't mean that an immigration policy that focuses on the success of the natives is wrong . 
  you think if you set up one of these prisons in detroit you 'd have the same results ? 
   but has improved somewhat recently what improved it ? 
  it 's an old meme http://hyperboleandahalf.blogspot.no/2010/04/alot-is-better-than-you-at-everything.html?m=1, 
  you 're on a public internet forum . 
  get over yourself . 
  source on that ? 
  here are some actual facts on inbred populations http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/health/children/11723308/first-cousin-marriages-in-pakistani-communities-leading-to-appalling-disabilities-among-children.html, 
  maybe a better example would be the application to the promotion of gay rights . 
  20 years ago someone opposing gay marriage and wishing to protect traditional family values would n't be considered nazi or sociopathic . 
  but since we allowed the conservation to take place and did n't censure the argument the ideas could spread . 
  if we banned the conservation because the majority belief is that we are potentially undermining society then we make no progress . 
  i think the open honest exchange of ideas is the best defense from extreme beliefs . 
  so my main objection to holocaust denial laws are n't to promote the idea that it was exaggerated but to discourage the idea that censorship is an acceptable solution . 
  i do believe the slippery slope is a real danger and in the wrong hands bound to be abused to our detriment . 
  but i think at this point we can agree to disagree , but it 's interesting to discuss . 
  yeah she 's pretty bad too . 
  especially because graduating from a western university should be worth a damn . 
  seems like these stories mostly involve suadis and not all diplomats . 
  the sooner we get of oil and stop dealing with these ridiculous people the better . 
  you are using the some very subjective language that could applied to many things . 
  if i was a right wing populist ( like orban ) i might argue about left leaning groups and ideas that * `` there is no value to them , they drag us down as a society and , if they were somehow to be implemented again , there can be no question that human dignity would be violated . 
  '' * then i would look at legal precedent of the censorship of denying some ideas and lump these all together . 
  and this argument is n't about the ideas of nazism , it 's about enquiry into a historic event . 
  edit : whoops , wrong * jective, 
  i do n't see the problem tbh fam . 
  if you deny it then so what ? 
  you get publicly ridiculed and ostracized . 
  it 's does n't threaten violence against anyone and certainly does n't mean it will repeat . 
  i can deny the holodomor , another outrageous crime without legal consequences . 
  it 's important to objectively investigate and document our history . 
  i 'd be less concerned if this was german only but i do get concerned this will one day try to creep in to the eu again . 
  classic liberal argument strategy . 
  accuse of opponent of racism , ignore core argument , post comment completely unrelated to argument to try and impose some moral superiority . 
  you basically did everything but defend your argument . 
  good jerb . 
  what 's the * harmful * idea being permitted ? 
  what 's the immediate real world impact ? 
  he 's saying that if you deny millions died in the vietnam war then we can look at sources , educate and can deal with this situation without sending you to prison . 
  so why does talking about this other historic event land you in prison ? 
   totally not hardcore authoritarian fucknuts if you 're going to use that incredibly weak argument then be prepared for it be used against you to justify the far-right, 
   comments from germans in this thread are hilarious . 
  terrifying really , especially given their past and how merkel is making plays to be the internet police . 
  it was passed into law in 1985 . 
  i did n't say anything was bad about liberal values but banning things and taking away people ability to speak * threatens * liberal values by definition . 
  there is nothing dangerous about questioning things . 
  i deny 30 million people were killed by mongolians - now what ? 
  how do you distinguish radical islam from islam ? 
  do you think we should ban / censor any value system that shows potential to go against liberal values ? 
  well yeah , they said on multiple occasions they were going to put jihadi 's among asylum seekers .
