  wrong sub . 
  try europeannationalism, 
  macron was literally the `` vote for me and we 'll keep doing the same thing '' candidate . 
  totally !, 
  macron is in trump ' s head . 
  the handshakes at g20 are gon na be huge !, 
  most of them do https://www.cmu.edu/news/stories/archives/2016/march/speechifying.html, 
  sure , but you can block people illegally entering your country . 
  which is what trump 's wall is all about . 
  and well china , japan and countless other countries ignores crises outside of their borders and focus on their citizens . 
  they do n't lose trillions fighting pointless wars whilst inviting terror strikes in their backyard . 
  they are doing ok for themselves . 
  still the best https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hrebmauqhry, 
  it 's like an r/mma thread everytime trump meets a foreign leader . 
  i think it 's a statement of ownership not support, 
  did isis claim it ? 
   isolationism is cultural suicide . 
  yeah look at all the terror attacks in tokyo . 
  the japanese are modern progressive society with a strong cultural identity . 
  they 'll do just fine and will probably out do us at this rate . 
  also i have no problem mixing with european cultures , it much much much different mixing with africa . 
  some mix is fine , the current numbers are unplanned for and unsustainable . 
  you do n't do this to the swedish culture , or french culture or polish culture . 
  we all know and recognise those places as having a culture , a people and right to self determination despite history of war , conquest and population change . 
  why must the british be the exception ? 
  labour immigration policy was suicidal , even churchill 's post war immigration policy was a huge mistake . 
  at not point as there been a referendum on `` deliberately increasing migration to the point where brits are a minority in their capital '' nobody would voted for that . 
  so now we need to change this through policy but we also need to change people like you who pretend we do n't have a culture that we are entitled to protect . 
  i 've got one open - tell me which multi-racial society was sustained without a dictator or extreme wealth . 
  also clearly those cities had a majority culture , which is why we still talk about them in that way . 
  it 's better than it was a year ago ... 
  british brought cricket to the sub continent . 
  it 's actually culture appropriation that they keep playing it . 
  and then indian food ... 1 . it 's not that important 2 . what have we given up to get a dish we could have got from a recipe book . 
  canadian parliament passed an anti-islamophobia motion that did n't define what islamophobia * was . 
  it 's very dangerous . 
  it 's not law yet but this is what these people will do when they get unopposed power . 
  edit for lefties - the word itself was given to us by the muslim brotherhood and popularised in the uk by trevor philips who now regrets doing so since it 's stifled / shutdown debate we desperately need to have . 
  things did n't go so well for the majority culture at the time did it . 
  in fact dna evidence shows the arrival of anglo-saxons and frisians was absolutely catastrophic to the people that once lived there . 
  so no , if i asked you to list of some aspects of uk culture you could and it would have nothing to do with somalians . 
  however you could tell me some things about their unique culture . 
  just like you could for swedes , hungarians and any other nation . 
  you ca n't handwave away and marginalise our concerns . 
  european immigration is different from non-european . 
  people like to talk about huguenots as an example of some great population shift proving that britain always being a `` nation of immigrants '' . 
  well that was 50,000 french christians . 
  now we take much greater numbers yearly from much more diverse people . 
  what are some instantly recognisable positive aspects of pakistani culture of british culture ? 
  something a foreigner would understand and recognise as british . 
  ( emphasis again on positive aspects ), 
  sounds like you agree it 's a bad thing and the british people should be punished for distant historical events . 
  this why i do n't get offended when people like you call me racist . 
  i do n't feel any kinship or cohesion with recent arrivals , or people who have been here for a long time but have n't learned the language / still cling to their old ways . 
  that does n't scale well into strong communities , cities and a country if the numbers are too great . 
  that sounds like cultural imperialism and it blatantly is . 
  if you 're going to live here for the benefits then some sacrifices must be made and effort put in . 
  we need checkups and a plan b for those who are n't willing to meet these criteria or we should n't be taking them in . 
  well it was a civil war in syria and then isis hijacked the rebel forces , so now it 's just a clusterfuck . 
  iraq was somewhat stable but obama withdrew us forces too quickly giving isis room to rise . 
  but the original invasion was a pointless disaster , neo-conservatism apparently does n't work without serious 50 year reconstruction plans . 
  libya is / was a total disaster , but i did n't vote for obama and clinton to do that , nor bush in iraq . 
  frankly i 'd rather be full isolationist but then we also see liberals cry at `` gas attacks '' and demand vengeance . 
  damned if you do , damned if you do n't at this point . 
  finally many refugees are coming eritrea , sudan , bangladesh and so on ... these are n't war zones . 
  honestly i miss the days when i did n't give a shit about politics because it had little to no impact on my life . 
  i 've got no agenda but a future for my children and that 's more important than your feelings . 
  michael gove sent his kids to a public school across town rather the nearby local vibrant college . 
  nothing will change whilst we have wealthy elites in power who benefit from economics of migration but can afford to live away from the social realities of it . 
  we all know what he 's talking about . 
  the japanese were put into detainment camps and their homeland nuked by the us , the us slaughtered vietnamese in a pointless war which was started by a us false flag operation . 
  yet both groups have descendants living in harmony the us with no recurring issues of integration & assimilation . 
   eastern europe and how they reject western values which western value says we should import so many people so that we risk becoming a minority in our ancestral lands whilst giving a pass to migrants to run rampant in our streets and endanger our children ? 
  what do the demographics of western europe look like in 2117 vs eastern europe ? 
  that 's multiple races participating in one shared culture . 
  i argue that 's different from multiculturalism and the word is misused from the start . 
  these things were created by policy they can be reversed by policy . 
  it might take a generation but it can be done . 
  to begin with we need to make it extraordinarily difficult to move here for non-eu citizens . 
  there 's need to be skill based and assimilation based criteria with enforced penalties . 
  to difficult to do ? 
  do n't bring them in . 
  i found it sucks for awhile if you are used to coding on another keyboard . 
  no , if it was a `` fuck you '' people would have attended charlie hebdo paris vigils with pictures of mohammed rather than with just pencils . 
  the west is terrified of upsetting the muslims living in it , those are their rules - not ours . 
  i vote for fortress europa . 
  shore things up and protect the future for our children . 
  intervention in the me does n't work . 
  intervention and rebuilding only worked with germany and japan but there 's good argument as to why those cases are abnormal . 
  well for starters at least stop more coming in . 
  that 's free . 
  dude start listening to the real crusades history podcast on youtube and try understand what really happened . 
  sure we stop importing people in the middle of a civil war . 
  nbd lots of people in the world , we could take persecuted south africans instead . 
  lose eu money and not have migrants or take eu money and spend on migrants + hurt your communities cohesion . 
  think i 'd take first option and just move on . 
  um remind me which group of people had total control of spain at the time and just got repelled from france . 
  who was that who had just completed a religious conquest of the me and north africa and was pushing into europe from the west ? 
  also who was raiding the southern coast of europe and even up to iceland to take slaves ? 
  let 's acknowledge historical fact and not `` white guilt '' for defending our homelands .
