  you 're like the wanna-be-hip-mum of memes edit - is that it ? 
  where 's the banter liberals ? 
  they take memes from the_don and replace a word . 
  there 's nothing natural about that . 
  not only forced but super stale . 
  it 's like watching clinton dab . 
  still pushing golden showers ? 
  really ? 
  not easily solved but you can stop making it worse . 
  50 year ban on non european immigration . 
  put the brakes on , sort this out , define why we need immigration and what we expect from immigrants and then proceed with realistic numbers . 
  at what point are germans allowed to address contemporary issues without guilt for the past ? 
  i got this from the novel submission . 
  it 's about the caliphate in france . 
  at some point the protagonists 's jewish girlfriend escapes back to israel but he notes that he only has one homeland . 
   germanophobia do n't force another * phobia word for people who disagree with ideas and policies . 
  richard spencer , the person who coined `` altright '' , bucks the trend and is rather for a pan europe idea . 
  although most will instinctively trend towards nationalism over federalism . 
  in my opinion the eu as a trade union is ok . 
  but the eu as organisation to accept refugees and threaten member states with fines if they do n't comply to something they did n't vote on is very very bad . 
  `` i 'm right because something might happen in the future '' ok kiddo . 
  we can go into the difference between poetry and legislature if you want . 
  why ? 
  judge the argument and idea on it 's merit and give your counter argument backed up with empirical data . 
  here we see black bloc destroying multinational trashcans on inauguration day https://twitter.com/meg_yoder/status/822546393436917762 do n't moralise their wreckless violence . 
  they also physically attack unarmed , unsuspecting opponents for having different political opinions . 
  donald trump just tore up one of the biggest trade deals which would have solely benefitted `` multi national '' corporations . 
  these people are n't rationally assessing policy and it 's effect on the working class . 
  black bloc / `` antifa '' are solely there to cause trouble and incite hatred and violence . 
  why would you build a society to benefit people outside of your borders ? 
  what liberty does the us guarantee to non-citizens ? 
  this is like me complaining about the food at a restaurant i 'm not eating at . 
  like how trump was reported by the msm to have moved the bust of mlk out of the oval office but actually did n't ? 
  those alternative facts ? 
  when was the last time the kkk was relevant ? 
  this is about putting resources where they are required in the modern day . 
  attacks on european culture and history will be less obvious https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/answer-sheet/wp/2016/12/13/students-remove-shakespeare-portrait-from-english-department-at-ivy-league-school/?utm_term=.452e9bbf3c5e, 
   although there has been radical christians and racists running off to join anti-muslim wars and massacres . 
  i sure hope you 're not talking about the crusades because those were an undertaking to push back on a muslim invasion . 
  do n't revise history to make europeans look like some evil boogeyman . 
  i think that would have caused much more of a shit storm especially since he was appointed by a dem . 
  now you have a guy willfully supressing information which might re-open a criminal investigation . 
  so yeah he does his job - he informs congress new infomation has come to light and he does n't know the length of the investigation . 
  i still see him put in a very hard place by a terrible and arrogant decision clinton took almost a year prior . 
  it really should be a negative number . 
  comey was n't instrumental in doing anything but his job . 
  if clinton complied when requested , released emails at the start of the investigation , then this would n't have been news . 
  `` oh look weiner has the emails we 've already vetted and determined no charges to bring '' . 
  but no the arrogance of clinton was to evade and dodge and pretend she was above the law and did n't need to go along with the mere mortals at the bureau . 
  fair point actually . 
  `` when you look at the data there sure are a lot of jews in the global banking and media industries '' what 's wrong with that sentence ? 
  it `` explains '' something objectively provable ? 
  i can tell you which part of is wrong enough to get me in prison . 
  replace jew with `` french people '' now we have a sentence which could be tattooed on my head with no repercussions , although it would be objectively false , of course . 
  so where are the native french going to go when it gets too much for them ? 
  the great depression did n't see any significant bump in crime , let alone joining death cults . 
  be interesting stuff to see what happens when hard times hit countries that have ramped up their multiculturalism . 
  will in group preferences prevail or is social cohesion under the banner of the nation strong enough to resist it . 
  i 'm gon na go ahead and guess these are n't your typical brexit voters . 
  interesting , and the meetings still go ahead ? 
  no way trump will put up with that . 
  i do n't think their friendship will get off the ground . 
  surprisingly some people do n't like multiculturalism being shoved down their throats . 
  there would be a riot, 
  well , it should be ** before ** they arrive or else what value do we gain from taking them . 
  but it 's a start . 
  it 's only been a year , the new arrivals will breed with your woman eventually . 
  got any sources on that ? 
  as is proof proof , not msm talking about `` russian hacking '' proof . 
  edit - what explains the reason why then ? 
  was this necessary in the 50s and 60s ? 
  maybe with your history with ireland it 's was common earlier but for other cities it 's a recent phenomenon and only for vibrant and diverse cities . 
  for starters , stop importing more . 
  clearly france and the west needs a break from non eu migration . 
  call time out for 15 years , figure out what a migrant / refugee is , what personal qualities they should have , how they will be assessed , how you will repatriate others who do n't meet the criteria , how you will repatriate others who will be a problem for society . 
  making it up as we go along is n't working and wo n't magically start working . 
  if you are overrun by people breaking french society norms than things wo n't improve until society and policy addresses it . 
  if things have declined in the last decade and continue this way then what kind of country are your children and grand children going to grow up in . 
  why do you tolerate it ? 
  you do n't flood with streets of paris with over 10,000 armed police for a `` few criminals '' . 
  well , first of all they were n't vetted and that 's a huge problem . 
  the vetting process is part of the application so unvetted people are waiting around whilst the system struggles to deal with the people there . 
  and no probably not . 
  imagine if some crisis forced many dutch to relocate to germany . 
  due to similar primary language ( shared second language ) , shared history and culture the transition would n't be so difficult . 
  you have highly educated people coming from highly advanced skills based economy . 
  they would find or make work with little culture clash or demands from the host nation to change for them . 
  at the very least they certainly would n't being burning down reception centres , raping local women and fighting among themselves . 
  you would a 0 % chance of importing a jihadi with a view to harming the local community . 
  look at the enhance police presence in paris for tonight . 
  what good has come of this refugee crisis for local parisians ? 
  what additional benefit for the refugees was achieved by having them in france and not closer to home in jordan or israel or in a eu sponsored and maintain safe zone . 
  off shore detention centres, 
  jeez that 's such a cowardly thing to do . 
  you ca n't refute any of his/her/pers / xyr/hir/eir / aer/vis points so you needlessly troll their history for something inflammatory and completely out of context to try and prove your point . 
  good job . 
  nice , hopefully this encourages other european governments to stand up for their citizens aswell . 
  hopefully we also to continue to help those affected by war closer to their homes where the aide money goes further and helps more people without compromising european security . 
  why the us intel community ? 
  the `` attack '' on podesta was social engineering and wasnt government infrastructure .
