but he did n't !, 
  well , according to the article he also only wants to refer to black people as ` niggers ' . 
  that 's somehow not a politician i 'd want in my country ... 
  are they popular ? 
  ... and saudi-arabia gives the money . 
  still does , probably . 
  when will they get their invasion ? 
  they 're starting to become jealous ... 
  russian roullete , haha . 
  this is great !, 
  german , englisch , a bit french and a bit spanish, 
  franz\u00f6 ** s ** isch , but apart from that well done :d, 
  in italian as well , i guess . 
  f\u00fbck !, 
   p.s. 
  what do they want with subs anyway ? 
  ( a ) they 're landlocked , and ( b ) did n't they do enough damage already , militarily , by being the birthplace of hitler ? 
  not sure if that remark was serious but * australia * ! = * austria *, 
  so * nach = gem\u00e4\u00df * , in this case . 
  german is a bitch . 
  oh yes !, 
  there 's also `` bauernart '' with potatoes . 
  yup . 
  after i was there and was shocked by the view i read the wiki page - apparently after they lost holstein etc. 
  to germany , denmark needed another strategic harbor at the north sea so they just kinda enforced a city there ... 
  it shows . 
  i 'm < 20 and did n't know him . 
  but now that i do , i 'll have him over raab , jauch or gottschalk any time of the day . 
  yup , ribe is beautiful !, 
  but damn many cities in denmark are . 
  same here !, 
  instantly was like * huh , really ? 
  hmm yes , yes that is in fact monteriggioni , thank you famiglia auditore !, 
  seems so . 
  * give terrorism a chance !, 
  yes . 
  but we like mr. bean !, 
  not without a [ sarcasm sign . 
  you do know that * the cloud * exists of hard drives and computers as well ? 
  edit : hmm , just figured that storing stuff in the real clouds , as in * in a satellite orbiting the earth * or * in a bunker on the moon * might not be the worst idea , even . 
  like a super-secure backup of humanity 's most important documents and inventions ... ^ ( ( and yes , all you space-fetishists - the moon itself is a satellite , i know ) ^ ), 
  what plan is the 15 $ / 2gb one ? 
  sounds pretty great tbh !, 
  edit : just saw your other comment , never mind, 
   which we don \u00b4 t. 
  that 's the thing . 
  and it is a topic in germany , much to my disapproval ... 
  damn right-wing populists . 
  haha sounds like good times :d well yeah forcefully securing eu outer borders in greece and so on is hard and the moral high ground the eu will lose by doing it would hurt us for years to come , but it is definitely possible . 
  but i was mainly thinking about securing the german borders , which is even more difficult in some ways , as the german army is n't allowed to operate within the country and the ` borderguard ' ( grenzschutz ) is , well , part of the police . 
  fair enough . 
  but the blame for that is * at least * equally on the csu 's side . 
  if you 're stubborn enough to try to pass a maut that clearly does n't comply with eu law just because it gives you popularity among bavarian csu voters , do n't be surprised if it suddenly turns into a maut that does comply , namely a maut for everyone . 
  a lot of water in combination with incredibly harsh and ( rightfully ) internationally criticized anti-immigrant practices ? 
  i do n't think germany has the resources . 
  ( as in ` ready ' - sure we are wealthy enough to buy whatever or employ whoever we need ) not without either * drastically * stocking up our police force or having a real lack of police in the country because they 're all busy at the borders . 
   will stockpile in greece and it becomes greece 's problem . 
  wow . 
  we 're such a union . 
  we do n't have one ? 
  ( yet ... ), 
  especially because you 're not allowed to work while requesting asylum ... ^ ^ seemsilostmytinfoilhat, 
  i agree , it is an easy mistake and there 's no need to go through the roof because of it . 
  if someone makes the mistake , either ignore them or correct them politely - there 's no offense meant , they just did n't know better . 
  i am german and i do n't get mad every time someone says hitler was from germany . ^ hesfromaustria ^ ^ nofromaustria-hungary ( not a perfect comparison but must suffice ), 
   that decided hey lets share a few things . 
  ... that decided to have common eu law and rules that stand above nations ' law and rules . 
  yes , i agree that you ca n't compare the eu and the us 1 on 1 , but it is n't apples and oranges either . 
  the eu sort of has a common centralized governing body , but only sort-of . 
  sort-of tries to build common , compatible infrastructure ( e.g. 
  common road signs , safety requirements ) but everything only sort-of , half-assed somehow . 
  and it does n't really work out that way , imo . 
  hah , right , got me there :d still , i do n't think it 's as night and day as you claim here . 
  eu law already is above nations ' law , there is a european court , etc. 
  ... so basically pretty nation-like , but half-assed somehow . 
  do it right or do n't do it at all . 
  my opinion . 
  * ( for clarification : `` or do n't do it all '' does n't mean the alternative should be separate markets , locked borders , and so on , but these things do n't require big common institutions such as the eu comission , parliament , court ... 
  if you establish common institutions and a central power , make it really central or do n't establish it at all . 
  a bit confused , as wikipedia states this :  pan-european identity is the sense of personal identification with europe . 
  the most concrete example of pan-europeanism is the european union ( eu ) . 
  agreed . 
  that 's one thing the us does better than the eu - each state has it 's own culture and identity , but still there are centralized institutions and so on , so the states are actually united when it comes to military , supreme court rulings and so on . 
  when it comes to such things , europe is more of a mess . 
  or in short : in the united states , the states are actually united . 
  in the european union , there is more european than union . 
  germany ? 
  laws , especially human rights , invited and still invite them . 
  strong middle-class enterprises plus a shitload of huge and important companies like bosch , daimler , porsche and big pharma businesses are there . 
  southern germany in general is really well off . 
  oops . 
  copied to clipboard but forgot to paste . 
  here you go , edited my comment . 
  and t\u00fcbingen . 
  in this ( german ) article there 's a list showing how the german cities compare , it 's from 2013 but gives you an idea . 
  here 's the link : http://www.spiegel.de/wirtschaft/soziales/mietpreise-in-deutschland-wohnen-in-muenchen-ist-am-teuersten-a-951431.html also note that stuttgart , leinfelden-echterdingen and t\u00fcbingen are all within an area of perhaps 40km \u00b2 . 
  ( roughly estimated ), 
  bremerhaven checking in - hate you both, 
  not on beaches afaik . 
  only in schools , institutions etc. , where a ban of burqas is reasonable as well imo , as all religious symbols are not permitted .
