  slavic looking ? 
  what . 
  because being french was lost as ethnicity and was replaced as nationality , which is even easier for america , as it is a successfully colonized artificially created nation . 
  clearly n. korea also known as best korea is a european nation . 
  lul  perspective as well as a geographic that 's eurasia , not europe . 
   western european ( that goes much further east than the silly cold war influenced view ) and eastern european that 's very wrong way to split culture of europe . 
  cold war only influence social and economic structure that will heal itself as time goes on . 
  this probably the closest thing that we can consider [ cultural sub-division ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/c0/grossgliederung_europas-en.svg/683px-grossgliederung_europas-en.svg.png ) . 
  i expressed my opinion , who asked or even forced you to reply , nobody . 
   western bullies , former colonies , drug addicts , gays , gypsies , begars etc. 
  this stuff ai n't funny when it gets repeated thousand of times . 
  i just do n't want / r/europe to be filled with these kind of trash posts . 
  he 's just super triggered that nobody laughs at his xenophobic posts . 
   polish nationalists are most entertaining form of life form . 
   so dont look at it . 
  block it . 
  smash your computer . 
  avoid it . 
  i dont care - do what you want . 
  feels contrary , you really do care by being triggered . 
   its a fucking joke . 
  jesus christ , are you this dense in real life ? 
  clearly a low quality joke , that nobody laughs at . 
  if i was as much dense as you i would shit post like you , like some kind grey sheep that fallows the trend . 
   yes , i am a brainwashed sheep for posting a funny picture . 
  kill me . 
  i really do n't see what is funny in that picture . 
  most of them are xenophobic stereotypes or shit nationalists would say , but then again , you 're probably are one since you feel so keen to defend this . 
   yeah , good to see old lithuanian manner by being a backward peasant . 
  you just confirmed it . 
  you forgot that most of polish famous figures were ethnically lithuanian . 
  did i triggered your ultra nationalist brain ? 
  meh , the sword brethren got their [ ass kicked ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_saule ) by bunch of wild lowland lithuanian pagans . 
  and 200 years later teutonic order would [ seize to exist ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_grunwald ) in the baltic region too . 
   did not make this , it is a book which has these maps from the point of view of many nations . 
  the trend should have died long ago , they 're neither funny nor interesting , the size of the upvotes of this is more than enough indication . 
  besides since then was ex-commonwealth nations colony ? 
  trying to adopt medieval stuff into modern times , the author of this was really lost in his mind . 
   who the fuck are you ? 
  i 'm a lithuanian . 
   what business do you have in critiquing this ? 
  because it it 's neither funny nor interesting , you 're just another random person that fallows trend like gray sheep with the unfunny posts . 
   dont like it ? 
  leave a downvote and fuck off . 
  it 's not that i do n't like it , but it 's that it 's not funny , it 's not interesting , nor it has any meaning . 
  like other people i did down vote it . 
  good to see the good old polish manner , telling everyone to fuck off . 
  low quality . 
  feels like this ones are just meant to trigger other nations . 
  neither do i. 
  it 's clear insult to be called russian in e. europe . 
  here is a little story , lithuania was very good at basketball ( well duh ) in interwar period and at beginning of cold war , after occupation and annexation by ussr at the end of ww2 most of the ussr 's basketball players were from lithuania , after ussr won the championship ( dunno which one ) the commentators said for crowd to greet the new championship winners - russians , the lithuanians instantly left the arena . 
  portugal , prepare to be removed from the map . 
  glorious europe . 
  now it 's clear where your brains are and why they 're so small . 
  i wonder how many times a day you kiss putin 's picture . 
  it 's not even fascist , it 's just straight 5th column for france . 
  [ oh yeah , you think we were happy with that ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/republic_of_central_lithuania ) putin is just playing 20th century geopolitics that are vintage af . 
  as much as i love money , making myself a clown towards whole world is not a thing look into . 
  which tards lost their way towards jerusalem teutonic order for sure lost [ their way ] ( http://i.imgur.com/pq9wzud.png ) towards jerusalem . 
  so lithuania ? 
  [ vokietija-senpai , notice us , please . 
  even russians would rather live in west than in russia lol . 
  i know , white stands for geographical identification , e.g. 
  north . 
  only complete morons would want to be part of russia . 
  that still sucks for generations to come , until we catch up . 
  thank god for eu though , the funds really boost our economy . 
  having nordics interest in stable and rich baltic region also really helps . 
  that 's the problem , spain ignores catalonia wish to secede . 
   i 'm not familiar with the inner workings , social structure , etc of the plc we had high degree of autonomy , but our language and culture were complete erased by polish hegemony during commonwealth and under tsarist russia . 
   you clearly deserved independence from soviet occupation , but that 's not at all similar to the situation in catalonia . 
  what about czechoslovakia then ? 
   catalonia has never been a country , while scotland has . 
  estonia , latvia , ukraine , belarus never been independent countries until 1918 for first two and 1991 for second two . 
  [ bad example , more like lithuania wanting nation state instead of old grand duchy that was within polish-lithuanian commonwealth , or by your logic we too do n't deserve to be independent ? 
   east european state because we 're not e. european state ... 
  the term only applies to cold war . 
  well at least we would n't need to start from scratch . 
  someone 's jelly . 
   '' [ in 1009 ] st. bruno , an archbishop and monk , who was called boniface , was slain by pagans during the 11th year of this conversion at the rus and lithuanian border , and along with 18 of his followers , entered heaven on march 9th . '', 
  well , we 're still roman catholic , we 're part of papalhood . 
  lithuanias blame nobody for our misfortune . 
  it 's just that we expected americans to eventually show up . 
  [ germans and their obsession with lithuania . 
  :p ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kingdom_of_lithuania_ ( 1918 \\ ) ), 
   samogitia is a third of modern lithuania [ barely . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/77/etnoregionai.png ) still calling us teutonia makes no sense , the only region that actually has teutonic/prussian influence is klaip\u0117da region , that tiny part of lithuania minor . 
  either way , millions of people died . 
  we were left under stalin that murdered people left and right , both german ( 2 million ) and pow women got raped by red army . 
  that 's one of the reasons why nazis were seen as liberators after first soviet occupation , they acted far more like human . 
   according to the coroner 's examination after the exhumation , both the report and the testimonies of witnesses , concurred that the soviets cut off tongues , ears , genitals , scalps , put genitals into mouths , picked out eyes , pulled off fingernails , made belts of victims ' skins to tie their hands , burned them with torches and acid , crushed bones and skulls , all done while the prisoners were still alive. , the organizers of the massacre included pyotr raslan , boris mironov , nachman dushanski , political leader of 8th border army mikhail kompanyanec , nkvd kretinga county deputy director yermolayev , nkvd lieutenant zhdanov and others . 
  better dead than red . 
   i 'm sure people also called you guys ` extremist/delusional nationalists ' at one point . 
  [ yes , we were called like that ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i2svhdy23so ) . 
  i can not comprehend how some people can praise such totalitarian murderous dictatorship that was ussr . 
  even today russian government are sheltering those people who drove tanks over lithuanian civilians , from their prosecution of their crimes . 
  if you were on this sub for quite some time you would know that we love mexico . 
   i understand why lithuania can be polish slovakia , in this slovak context because lithuanians were different entity with its own culture and language lithuanian and polish cultures are practically identical .
