  france literally got later fully occupied , while it took gb to beat germany only after 4 years . 
  nazi germany was the wall that stopped allies from helping baltics , finland which was invaded by ussr could n't get support from allies too you know , that 's why they turned for nazi germany . 
   exactly , their choice , you do n't provoke a sleeping animal , especially if the animal is sleeping on a nuclear arsenal capable of destroying earth 100 times over . 
  remind me last time our jets got intercepted or even shot in russian air space , `` our spies '' getting caught in russia , last time we said destruction of gdl/plc was a major geopolitical disaster , praising nazi regime etc. 
  oh yes it 's tiny lithuania state that is poking russia for not kneeling and opening it 's mouth fully . 
  what a joke . 
   nato would , but im saying nato would n't . 
  they would hardly risk war over a territory they can afford to lose . 
  when whole nato would crumble and would be non-existent any more which is dream of russian and serbians like you which explains why you 're trying to prove me why nato would n't go to war over our countries after russian invasion . 
   neither did ukraine , look where that got them . 
  ukraine had chance , took it , but russia with it 's claws put into the flesh would n't let her go . 
   or neither did the us in syria syria is still in middle of civil war , ruled by extremist group . 
   and russians turned the war around for some reason it still have n't ended , did n't turn around shit . 
   see , funny how those stereotypes get thrown around and then you get caught off guard . 
  what stereotypes , go see statistics , russia is by far the biggest country with high percentage of hiv . 
   well , since you wished ill on my family , friends and nation , i can only say you never expirience what i expirienced . 
  i did n't wish anything bad for your nation , family or friends , but that 's what you get when you 're supporting oppressive regime . 
   just like it was behind your back in 1940s ? 
  eu and nato did n't exist yet back then , you should know better . 
  if europe was n't exhausted by war against nazi germany , ussr would been done instantly . 
   exactly , you really think eu/us would risk nuclear war over the baltics ? 
  who says nuclear war ? 
  nato conventional forces and eu 's economy alone would destroy russia . 
  and if russia wants whole world to burn , it 's their choice . 
   i like how you stated you were n't afraid , then two comments later you said yes . 
  there is a thing , i 'm not afraid of russian forces , because nato would repel it like nothing , i 'm worried about potential innocent people who would die because of russian stupidity . 
  it 's fear of unnecessary death . 
  what you tried to say to me that i 'm scared shitless of russia , which i 'm not . 
  i do n't care about that hiv and krokodil infected vodkalandia , i care about my family , friends and my nation that could get raped by russia 's never ending idiocy on geopolitics . 
   so terorism is justified ? 
  are these european values ? 
  lithuanian partisan war happened because ussr was oppressing lithuania , killing from little children to old people in most brutal fashion . 
  uk was oppressing ireland and got what they asked for - ira . 
  it has nothing to do with european values , but nature of oppressive regimes and resistance against it . 
  if you spill blood of your enemy , be prepared to see same answer on you . 
   it didnt , in a period after 1999 , serbian numbers halved in kosovo . 
  albanian numbers stayed more or less the same/grew a bit . 
  not to mention the 2004 pogrom which saw even more serbs harassed . 
  all of this could have been prevented , but somebody had to put a spark on this , hint serbia . 
   thats the problem . 
  what problem ? 
  both serbia and kosovars killed people , neither is good . 
  yes , but eu and nato is behind our back , i fear that russia 's idiocracy will ignite a wider war . 
   the war started after a 3 year terrorist insurgency by the kla that terrorist organization came into existence because kosovo was under oppressive regime . 
  i know that they were n't angels , but serbia called all of this for themselves . 
  that 's why nato had to put stop onto this slaughterhouse . 
  i neither see kosovars good , nor serbians , only nato that prevented this ethnic cleansing . 
  belarus is just a country that tries to balance things between two worlds , even though they realized being close tied with russia might be pain in the ass , as russian actions in ukraine show . 
  besides i 'm not afraid of russia , but i 'm worried about their next idiotic political/militaristic step . 
  belarus is close to russia but far from being one . 
  well , here is explanation on [ men ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jjpadtqujmg ) and [ women ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=grvmmtllhd8 ) . 
   not really , i think that 's ukraine . 
  ukraine is far from mini russia , but sadly , ukrainian nation is getting raped by russia . 
   but why would you think that ? 
  anti-usa , anti-nato , anti-eu and anti-western overall , thinking that everyone is their enemy for some reason . 
  poland and lithuania spilled blood between each other for ethnic reasons too , but guess what , we grew out of xx c. thinking . 
  if you really think whole europe or usa wants to see serbai burn , you 're delusional . 
  l\u016bl, 
  serbia is truly a mini russia . 
  agree . 
  yeah , i know , but meat awesome . 
  i like transg ... hmm . 
   i find it completely unnecessary to eat animal products because your body needs it . 
  kid will not grow well if he will only eat grass . 
  i 'm not supporter of these kind of slaughterhouses , but meat is essential for human body due to evolution and biology . 
  nobody is forcing you . 
  since when being gay was spec . 
  european cultural thing ? 
  you always this stupid or this is special occasion ? 
  oh yeah , my parent memories of ussr were so great , lol , fuck ussr . 
  so russia is free to do what it wants because of typical russian whataboutism ? 
  only if russia attacks nato country , then whole hell gon na come to russia . 
   nato has all means necessary to strike russia your level of idiocy gone through the sky . 
  hey , lenkija , up for some adventure ? 
  [ pretty much . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/6khxame407i?t=81 ), 
  lithuanians are just nordic poles . 
  everyone knows that poles are just german russians . 
   i 'm new to this region this region has very interesting history . 
  worth reading about . 
  are you sure about it ? 
  congratz , you succesfully triggered me . 
  where are the latvia , estonia , lithuania ? 
  i 'd say every language is important to learn in europe . 
  i think it counts . 
  eurogayness is a choice , we have choices in eu you know . 
  :p and well [ billions ] ( https://youtu.be/jtmxhvgzisy?t=33 ) of euros . 
  unless ruskies cross the border , [ then shit gets real ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pn-fifcnwbm ) in finland . 
   polish language and culture because it was much more attractive to them and much richer than lithuanian , also because they want to exstiguishe themselves from the ruthenian nobility - ruthenian culture had a strong impact on lithuanians before the krewo union you just answered yourself . 
  poland prevented crown 's arrival which would put lithuania into kingdom status , which means we would n't need polish influnce to make our nobility have more privilagies . 
  oh trust me , there is no hidden hate on poland . 
  the only thing we hate about poland is due to vilnius dispute in interwar period , though it 's becoming a lesser thing with every generation . 
  same thing , delusional people . 
   so it 's same thing like with grand duchy of lithuania , which was a belarusian state with a lithuanian name you must be really smart on trying to appoint modern terms for nationality on mediaval realms . 
  just a joke . 
  russians view eu as `` homogay '' alliance . 
   hm , exactly how much euromonies ? 
  a lot . 
  same here . 
  got ass cancer .
