  no shit ? 
  that 's exactly what our politicians are doing , trying to eliminate alcoholic problem that was introduced during russian empire times by `` bajorai '' to suppress any future uprisings by feeding peasants with vodka everyday . 
  let 's not even count ussr 's destruction of our country 's economy , may fucking lenin and all the ussr leaders burn in hell . 
   and these things are n't anything but `` eastern '' . 
  more like russian . 
   i 'm visiting lithuania quite frequently and honestly , you should expand on that , which cities you have been . 
   ethnic russians only there is no such a thing as specific russian ethics . 
   as a russian who lives in finland i 'd say lithuania has much more similarities with russia than with finland . 
  because finland is protestant nation so their architecture is very different from ours - roman catholic . 
  from northern ireland or republic of ireland ? 
  you still have n't provided me sources of lithuanians killing jews during interwar period . 
   i would have sympathy for lithuanians if they protected the jewish community and their average citizen did n't turn into a jewish murderer as you can read from numerous sources . 
  i would also sympathize with jews if they were soviet marionettes that send thousands of lithuanian civilians to coldest parts of russia or brutally killing lithuanian civilians in near forests that fuelled people 's hatred for jews before nazis could even start their anti-semitic propaganda . 
   i have n't read of any jewish involvement of soviet massacres , however i 'm aware jews were victims of the soviets , in fact 25 % of lithuanian jews were deported under cruel conditions by the soviets . 
  i 'm fully aware that a lot of lithuanians were involved in holocaust that was carried in lithuania and i do n't consider them heroes or anything so i do n't understand why are you so keen for innocent people to suffer the crimes of the maniacs just because they happen to share same nationality ( you do n't see me asking for crystal night/holocaust 2.0 do you ? 
  ) , so chill the fuck down . 
   ethinc lithuanians were also involved in the soviet regime . 
  which is why they are considered traitors of the nation . 
   like i said , based on what i 've read about lithuania , you guys were n't punished enough . 
  as i said before you have mental/anger issues , seek professional help asap . 
  not only you did not answer to my question , but also trying to deny the jewish involvement on lithuanian massacres that soviets carried out , wonderful from your side . 
   i know what you 're trying to do , you 're trying to turn this into a ` jews killed us we killed them ' , ` it was the same ' sort of thing . 
  not i do not , but if you gon na attack me for something that mental ill murderer did biased on their and mine nationality , when i might as well do the same . 
   ^ no shit , pedo . 
  then again , you clearly do n't know what some terms mean and use it randomly on trying to insult people , get grip on your mental state . 
   i just gave you a source . 
  point me out the parts where it says that we did kill jews before nazi occupation regime came . 
   for the record , you sound the like the turks when it comes to the armenians : denial blaming the victims - it was ` their behaviour ' blaming the war i do n't see where i wrote that lithuanians did n't not kill jews , we know exactly what we did during nazi regime , while you 're the one ignoring jewish involvement in killing off lithuanian children and civilian over all during soviet regime . 
   the killings of jews occurred in lithuania before germans even set foot there was it done by lithuanians ? 
  if so please give me a source . 
   anti-semitism was so rife that the even the germans were shocked at how willing the lithuanians were willing to conduct the killings . 
  i already explained why it was like that , might as well not look at everything as white and black . 
   jews were victims of the soviets , in fact a higher percentage of jews were deported from lithuania by the soviets than ethnic lithunians . 
  and yet you blame us ? 
  and not the nazis and soviet sympathizers we imprisoned during interwar period because they threatened our territorial sovereignty ? 
   and no you did n't , not nearly enough as you should have you really have a mental problem . 
   you lithuanian pigs will pay for what you guys did aha . 
  we did paid more than enough when you supported first soviet occupation , when little children had to endure soviets crushing their skulls while still alive , thanks for making hitler 's propaganda easy to spread through lithuania since you built hatred for jews before even nazis set foot on our soil . 
   during the soviet annexation and occupation , some jewish communists assumed significant roles in the nkvd and local communist nomenklatura . 
  -   according to the coroner 's examination after the exhumation , both the report and the testimonies of witnesses , concurred that ** the soviets cut off tongues , ears , genitals , scalps , put genitals into mouths , picked out eyes , pulled off fingernails , made belts of victims ' skins to tie their hands , burned them with torches and acid , crushed bones and skulls , all done while the prisoners were still alive ** . , the organizers of the massacre included pyotr raslan , boris mironov , nachman dushanski , political leader of 8th border army mikhail kompanyanec , nkvd kretinga county deputy director yermolayev , nkvd lieutenant zhdanov and others . 
  * look at me i 'm jew , stop oppressing me with your anti-semitism . 
  i can sympathize with irish on removing statues that represent regime that oppressed them . 
  papa cold war is over , plus i think you have severe case of alzheimer 's , calling w. europe , `` new world '' . 
  you do realize western means n. america , * whole * of europe , australia and sometimes even japan , s. korea . 
  besides we 're not e. european , we share nothing with russia , other than being occupied by it in past , we 're neither geographically one , nor politically , nor culturally , nor linguistically/ethnically . 
  [ because ... ] ( http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/001/177/332/6d8.jpg ), 
  at least in lithuania , ukrainian `` civil '' war is talked 24/7 in news . 
  yep , we were liberated from nazism before even nazis set their foot . 
  first soviet invasion and occupation :  according to the coroner 's examination after the exhumation , both the report and the testimonies of witnesses , concurred that ** the soviets cut off tongues , ears , genitals , scalps , put genitals into mouths , picked out eyes , pulled off fingernails , made belts of victims ' skins to tie their hands , burned them with torches and acid , crushed bones and skulls , all done while the prisoners were still alive ** . , the organizers of the massacre included pyotr raslan , boris mironov , nachman dushanski , political leader of 8th border army mikhail kompanyanec , nkvd kretinga county deputy director yermolayev , nkvd lieutenant zhdanov and others . 
  that 's why we will stand firm with you forever and be promoters of you to be able to join our side . 
  yes , there are no borders between member states.so neo-hippies can roam around freely like animals in wild life . 
  lol 0/10 on trolling, 
  because he can only bully weak and small countries while usa is the only superpower in the world . 
  they all are one - lithuanians  balts  indo-europeans that came with corded ware culture ( indo-europeans , +5000 years ago ) and interbred with comb ceramic culture ( o.g. 
  n. europeans ) , this was the only time our genetic make up mixed between two . 
  [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/77/etnoregionai.png ) is historical though . 
   consequentially altering their genetic background no they did not . 
  did n't you read what i posted ? 
   but not their culture contrary , from prussian lithuanian to ethnically lithuanian to polish-lithuanian . 
  in w. europe maybe . 
   since the neolithic period the native inhabitants of the lithuanian territory have not been replaced by migrations from outside , so there is a high probability that the inhabitants of present-day lithuania have preserved the genetic composition of their forebears relatively undisturbed by the major demographic movements , although without being actually isolated from them . 
  the lithuanian population appears to be relatively homogeneous , without apparent genetic differences among ethnic subgroups . 
  moldova is not a slavic nation . 
  greek and lithuanian names have similar endings , that 's why . 
  shh baby , we will [ love you ] ( https://lt.wikipedia.org/wiki/tarpukario_lietuvos_kariuomen\u0117#/media/file:lietuvos_kariuomene_1938.army_of_lithuania_in1938.jpg ) again . 
  so more people would know about history that happened at the other side of europe . 
  there were people who did n't know about january events and thought that ussr let us bloodless . 
  and yet russians are oppressing any separation in caucasus region . 
  lol, 
  so french ? 
  you stole our internet !, 
  it changed least from indo-european language , that 's about it , it sits at top of a list when it comes on re-creating proto-indo-european language . 
  that was awesome !, 
  yes you are right . 
  make them independent then , the middle ground would be best . 
   make russia suffer 100x the amount than it 's worth taking a piece of land of other smaller countries . 
  ~ ~ oh yes , let 's just let countries annex lands left and right , who cares , am i right ? ~ ~ ~ ~ back to your cave , mr. gopnik . ~ ~, 
  i think sweden is up to something . 
   as of december 2014 , the nordic battlegroup consisted of around 2,500 officers and soldiers :  sweden : 1900  finland : 60  ireland : 170  estonia : 50  latvia : 150  lithuania : 50  norway : 50, 
  not anti-russian , rather anti-russian goverment , it was never friendly towards my nation or even my family members who fought for free lithuania . 
   however it 's still really shameful to look maps like these and see countries like the 3 baltic states union would fix that , you can take one of our presidents , while we take your armed forces so we can protect ourselves from russia . 
  polish-lithuanian commonwealth was one of the wealthiest country in europe before colonization started to be major thing , we were food suppliers to western part of europe . 
  no shit that anti-tsarist of russian people were commies , who else they could replace goverment who would feed them with bunch of words as `` equality '' , `` freedom '' etc. 
   the map represents ww1 , not ww2 . 
  you might wan na check your eye sight . 
    anything similar for wwii ? 
  -   here . 
  i see . 
  why did you not use the one [ posted ] ( http://i.imgur.com/uaarssd.png ) ? 
  why you used the one that [ shows us as ussr ] ( http://i.imgur.com/0qii4f5.jpg ) ? 
  no russians are not responsible , their retarded over and over again goverment is . 
  nope . 
  i pity germans who had to face soviet animalistic burtality . 
  could you give me a source of that link ? 
  why the fuck are we ( lithuanians , also estonians and latvians ) showed as part of ussr ? 
  ww2 started before first soviet invasion and annexation . 
  prove what ? 
  what else would you call yourself if russia attacked your country ? 
  trying to compare two total different things , c'mon you can do better . 
  maybe communists ?
