  people that live in country side buy cheapest beer non-stop . 
  i live in this god damn country and i been in several villages between my city and other cities . 
  tsarist russia used alcohol on lithuanian peasantry to make sure future uprisings do n't happen again , you know ? 
  let 's not even begin with [ soviets times ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ofymvai.jpg ) . 
  just wait till i make union with poland , you shall be our vassals once more !, 
  lithuania is not polish province ? 
  cheapest beers , not vodka . 
   it was war for survival , everything is better than being dead . 
  that 's why for some reasons such motto came into existence : `` better dead than red '' , that 's why most of lithuanian partisans pulled grenades pin next to their face after close to getting caught , so they could n't be identified because soviets were notorious on punishing whole families of partisans . 
  valdemaras toma\u0161evskis is a puppet that is surprisingly is pulling some strings too . 
  understandable but also laughable . 
   i appreciate the situation of lithuania . 
  but i do not think that , at the end of the day , even if 1946-1991 were bad in lithuania , that the consequences of the alternate timeline , the world war iii timeline , would have actually been preferable . 
  oh , you did n't really have to write so much , we , lithuanians , understand well enough why western world did n't start war against communist regimes . 
  i 'm just saying what every [ anti-communist partisan ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eastern_european_anti-communist_insurgencies ) hoped for - to be freed from red terror . 
  i 'm always surprised to see ~ ~ belarusianas ~ ~ gudians , you guy are like unicorns . 
  trying to create one nation , one language , one people , mass concentration camps all over the country , mass displacement and ethnic cleansing , specifically targeted people , totalitarian dictatorship built on conquering other nations , forcefully spreading your ill as fuck ideology to the rest of the world , everyone must be `` equal '' , brainwashing since day one , revisionism of history etc. 
  because ee actually experienced both . 
   those ungrateful russophobic ~ ~ balts ~ ~ baltic countries man . . [ do n't trigger estonians . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/northern_europe#/media/file:languages_in_northern_europe.png ), 
  impossible . 
  because soviets hid all the atrocities they committed , it was unveiled only after fall of ussr , unlike nazi ones , which were unveiled after ww2 . 
  today we prosecute those people for court , but russia refuse to extradict them , calling them veteran heroes . 
  yes , i guess usa and whole international court , including jews are wrong for excluding baltic ss legions , because random redditor named / u/futomato said so in 2017 . 
  latvian ss was specifically made to fight against communists , not helping on nazi war crimes . 
  they were latvian-jews , not latvians . 
  i meant ethnic latvian population , jews and slavs have every right to hate nazis , just like latvians have every right to hate soviets . 
  i do n't understand why people try to convince that nazis were far more terrible , it 's a fact , yes , but soviets are not angels . 
  both soviets and nazis should be remembered as greatest evils that happened on planet earth . 
  read this [ first ] ( http://www.lituanus.org/1956/56_3_02drunga.html ) . 
  both soviets and nazis are animals , i do n't try to search which is worst , i find simple fact , both are animalistic regimes that deserve no praise . 
  that does n't make it right . 
  time for european federation . 
  because nazis did n't target latvian population . 
  when why do you throw me generalplan ost , when soviets had same mentality - make everything soviet e.g. 
  russified . 
  and soviets were n't finishing off on destroying latvian nation ? 
  maybe go check demographics . 
  during ww2 people did not know about existence of such extermination plans , so their opinion was biased on actual actions committed by both soviets and nazis , which soviets somehow manage to outweighs war crimes greatly towards lithuanians , estonians and latvians . 
  this people think that acknowledging soviet crimes means that we sympathize with nazi regime and for some reason want nazis to win , they 're lost in their own delusional world . 
   blatic states wo n't see their nation 's crimes against jews and other groups and their participation in ss actions umm , we do learn about lithuanian death squads created by nazis , after all we have a word for them - * \u017dyd\u0161aud\u017eiai * , literally * jew shooters/jew killers * . 
  and most of women of that camp were raped by red army . 
   a common russian does n't give much fucks about some 70 years old shit that 's why you celebrate victory day . 
  really do n't care . 
  praise heroes who fought against communist re-occupation ? 
  yes . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soviet_war_crimes#lithuania  some 300,000 lithuanians were deported or sentenced to prison camps on political grounds . 
  it is estimated that lithuania lost almost 780,000 citizens as a result of soviet occupation , of which around 440,000 were war refugees . 
  numbers are biased by international commission for the evaluation of the crimes of the nazi and soviet occupation regimes in lithuania, 
  which is why i wished red army stopped on russia 's border , i rather see american , british , french etc. 
  troops liberating us , saving us from mass soviet war crimes . 
  why would any one choose one evil over another ? 
  i want western powers to liberate us , not to be re-occupied by soviet menace . 
  you can try to find logic in soviet war crimes as much as you want , but soviets did not treat lithuanians any better than local nazis did . 
  both soviet and nazi regimes are horrific and should be remembered that way . 
   so why are n't poles hailing nazis as heroes ? 
  because they 're killers , just like poles do n't praise soviets , because they too invaded together with nazis their state and ethnically cleansed half of eastern poland . 
   i wonder why i have n't seen many poles use this excuse . 
  because latvians are balts and not slavs . 
  which usa government did not considered an enemy , because baltic waffen ss legions ideology was fight against communism . 
  besides lithuanians did not have waffen ss , nazis tried , but we went rogue on them , so they had to disperse it . 
  it was your choice to let them in , it was your choice to let e. euros in , we have that choice and we choose not to let mena people in , because we already learned by looking at germany , france , belgium and sweden . 
  nope , it plays both sides , but it 's economically and politically reliant on russia , which is why lukashenko is now cutting ties slowly , since they saw what happened in ukraine . 
  that 's why nobody looks at nazis as good guys , but neither were soviets , under soviet rule we also would been exterminated and made into what russia loves to call `` novarussia '' , why do you think were are so many russians in latvia and estonia ? 
  everybody knows about nazi crimes , nobody wants to go deep into soviet crimes because `` they were good guy '' , even today russia is sheltering both ww2 war criminals and those who drove tanks on unarmed lithuanian civilians . 
  go read and learn actual history . 
   oberf\u00fchrer adolf ax , commander of the 15th division , reported on 27 january 1945 : '' ** they are first and foremost latvians . 
  they want a sustainable latvian nation state . 
  forced to choose between germany and russia , they have chosen germany , because they seek co-operation with western civilization . 
  the rule of the germans seems to them to be the lesser of two evils ** . 
  ** this perspective resulted in part from the soviet occupation between 1940 and 1941 , called `` the year of terror '' ( latvian : baigais gads ) during which tens of thousands of latvian families were executed or deported to siberia with men separated from the women and children to break down resistance ** . 
   in 1946 , the nuremberg tribunal declared the waffen-ss to be a criminal organization , making an exception of people who had been forcibly conscripted . 
  throughout the post-war years , the allies would apply this exception to the soldiers of the latvian legion and the estonian legion . 
  the us displaced persons commission in september 1950 declared that : '' ** the baltic waffen ss units ( baltic legions ) are to be considered as separate and distinct in purpose , ideology , activities , and qualifications for membership from the german ss , and therefore the commission holds them not to be a movement hostile to the government of the united states ** . '', 
  and soviets did n't massacre toddlers ? 
   95 % of jewish were killed in lithuania . 
  did the soviets even come close to such numbers over there ? 
  they surpassed it . 
  just not on jews , but lithuanians . 
  besides use numbers , not percentage . 
  you clearly do n't know what belarus is then . 
  nobody are saying that we prefer nazis for fuck 's sake . 
  stop talking bullshit . 
  what ever floats your boat . 
  nope , how would they ? 
  he always gone to the same bar where wehrmacht soldiers went too . 
  i do n't know what kind of guy would spy on his neighbour to see if he gave soap to wehrmacht soldier . 
   i 'm not talking about forest brothers . 
  i 'm talking about redditors . 
  which why i and many others from the baltics are , we 're one of the first ones to taste soviet `` liberation '' without even need of one to begin with . 
  c'mon , explain to me how is my country more totalitarian than yours , our media is not controlled by government , your is , we do not re-write our history books , you do , we do not have imperialistic ambitions , you do etc. 
  wake up already . 
  when they talk about nazis being lesser evil , they 're referring to occupation years , not plans , what actually happened , not what would have happened . 
   what do you mean by western army ? 
  the allies or the nazis ? 
  if you mean the allies , that 's na\u00efve , since they did n't even bother to liberate a war-worn fascist spain when they could . 
  if you mean the nazis , then you 're proving the point that , as long as you were n't under soviet occupation , you would n't mind some nazis here and there , even if that means you would be wiped out off the face of the earth . 
  western army as in french , uk , usa etc. 
  yes , lithuanian people got nothing left but hope that western army will finally come to liberate us from re-occupation . 
  that 's why nobody refers to soviets as `` liberators '' they invaded us first and re-occupied after they drove nazis out .
