  nazi germany was biggest evil on the continent , if it actually won war turkey would also seize to exist , since it basically would become a superpower in fallowing decades and it would start expanding beyond europe 's borders . 
  soviet union fallowed nazi regime as the second most evil regime in europe , with it only fraction , not all population was killed . 
  given americans , at most they raped , but not as much as soviets . 
  yeah actually wished they stopped at their own borders so western allies would have actually liberated us . 
  most lithuanians have family members that were killed/tortured or harassed by soviet authorities , mine died fighting for freedom of lithuania during partisan war . 
  just because we hate ussr does n't mean we want nazi germany to win . 
  both regimes sucked balls , both deserve no glory , that 's the only thing we 're saying . 
   and they didnt intent genocide . 
  latvians were minority in it 's own country at the finals days of ussr . 
  holy fucking shit . 
  this is russian victory day , not european . 
  oh , eu for sure is the biggest benefactor of peace in europe , economies are so intertwined that war practically means destruction of your own nation . 
  mad commies , hilarious . 
  occupying half of poland , baltics , bessarabia , invading finland , yeah , defending against germans . 
  and reading those 19 years old pro-commie college students who are white washing soviet crimes , wonderful . 
  * they were only brining you food ?!, 
  before ussr liberated we were living in huts , it 's known that soviets brought us culture !, 
  there a very fitting word - reoccupation . 
  they were n't free , one totalitarian regime was replaced by another . 
  easy to speak when you 're from netherlands . 
  nobody here denies or downplays nazi role in future . 
  we just do n't want a second totalitarian regime to be praised for their success in re-occupying europe . 
   saw the green and ** blue ** and thought the flag was belarus . 
   of which your country was part of read a book once a while . 
   catgirls ? 
  that 's why we do n't celebrate nazi victories , why celebrate soviet ones , both killers . 
  [ here you go ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/lt/c/c8/briiviibas_piemineklis.jpg ), 
  those eu members are in most cases also nato members . 
  sorry for what ? 
  betreten, 
  yes . 
  germany thought that if mexico keeps usa busy they wo n't interfere in europe . 
  excuse me ? 
  i 'm radical ? 
  jesus , i 'm laughing right now , after hearing this words from you . 
  besides everyone knows vilnius was majority polish . 
  germany . 
  italy . 
  either way , they were n't lithuanians , but poles , not matter what they considered themselves . 
  even then if they actually did they would have fought for lithuanian cause ( independence ) , not for polish ( `` federation '' ) . 
   why the napoleon-love ? 
  something to do with socking it to the russians ? 
  pretty much , we got erased from the map in 1795 , not long since napoleon came into power , we had mutual enemy . 
  my second foreign language was french . 
  ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ) ^ ^ ^ forgot ^ ^ ^ it ^ ^ ^ completely ... 
  yeah we know , we hated france during interwar period too . 
  pilsudski and narutowicz are main plotters of failed pro-polish coup d'etat in lithuania . 
  i did not intend to do that , i 'm just saying if you want v for vandetta , uk will have to get a fascist party . 
  only if fascist party somehow manages to get into seat . 
   if you are not able to understand another point of view , if there are only two opinions : yours and wrong one , then it is you who are the real soviet man . 
  what other point of you , russians are the only ones who have other point of view which in most cases is not backed by facts . 
   if you say `` fuck un , lets bomb yugoslavia '' and then whine that russia intervened somewhere , you are hypocrite . 
  i just see reason why nato intervened , while russia annexed crimea without any genocides even close to happening . 
  apples and oranges . 
   internal police operation against criminals . 
  yes killing muslim kids is `` internal police operation against criminals '' , guess soviet mentality is carved deep in your psyche . 
   because what nato did gave russia very good excuse to interfere to other countries and then say `` look at kosovo , why ca n't we do the same ? '' . 
  good old story , somebody does something , i have green light to do it too ... 
  `` language is the only homeland . '', 
   and mi\u0142osz , pi\u0142sudski , narutowicz yes it 's nationalism , all of them for some reason thought native lithuanians will be supportive of being part of poland . 
  serbians and kosovars were committing genocide against each other , you think we should just sit and watch how people die right next to our border ? 
   yeah and lithuanians were part of broader polish nation . 
  polish ultra-nationalism in nutshell . 
  we 're done here . 
  everything was authorized by un or countries specifically . 
  hostile military alliance ? 
  how is it hostile ? 
  by preventing `` rightful russian sphere of influence '' ? 
  knock yourself out , ivan . 
  how can poles become magically true lithuanians ? 
  i mean lithuanians got polonized , not poles got lithuanized . 
  nope , they did not . 
  not saved , half of europe was re-occupied by another aggressor - ussr . 
  half of europe is also * twiching *, 
  `` better '' that 's the word we should n't use . 
  both ussr and nazis were animal states , none deserves glory . 
  you do know red army raped female polish pows ? 
  so you do n't deny it was occupation ? 
  that 's a start . 
  til our independence is threat to russia . 
  what a joke . 
  i said we 're all europeans , i never said you 're german now . 
  same reason why finland was co-belligerent with nazi germany , they shared same enemy - ussr . 
  we 're all europeans . 
  i mean go check his history , i 'm sure you will find the answer . 
  again , it 's polish map given by ultra-nationalist polish redditor . 
  says a guy who gave numbers without context . 
  because borders were finally opened and would n't get shot if tried to cross . 
  even then if it was n't for soviet occupation lithuania would have around 6 million people . 
  because it 's polish map , what did you expected ? 
  some could say there were polish speaking lithuanians , after all pilsudski was one of them . 
  i mean vilnius is always controversial topic , no matter what you say , poles want it , we want it , even belarusians wanted it . 
  \uff08 \u25bc \u3078 \u25bc \u30e1 \uff09 i envy you . 
  not everyone are like that . 
  these words pretty much describes all of it perfectly . 
   oberf\u00fchrer adolf ax , commander of the 15th division , reported on 27 january 1945 : '' ** they are first and foremost latvians . 
  they want a sustainable latvian nation state . 
  forced to choose between germany and russia , they have chosen germany , because they seek co-operation with western civilization . 
  the rule of the germans seems to them to be the lesser of two evils ** . '', 
  we will take you back with open arms .
