   and i 've been asking for porsche 911 but guess what , no one answers !, 
  this is not mutually exclusive to nato troops and lithuania . 
   implying that i 'm a brainwashed idiot , huh ? 
    eu would gladly throw them a helping hand in exchange for a few military installments on their territory this sounds so stupid on so many levels , so yes . 
   seriously , why are you balts always so quick to throw an insult over a completely innocent remark like that ? 
  where do you see me insulting you ? 
  you 're telling me that russian government is not actively working on propaganda aimed to their own people ? 
  and it was not innocent remark , it 's clear as day you tried to antagonize eu/nato and throw shit that baltic states are actually puppet states . 
   who bloody cares about what kind of indoctrination you 've been through . 
  unlike your nation , there is no indoctrination going on in the baltics . 
   believe in what you want and let other people have their own opinion . 
  opinions have to be biased on facts , not on tongue . 
   in exchange for a few military installments you do realize we ask nato troops to be stationed here , and they need our permission to be in here ? 
  i guess that russian propaganda is working on 100 % . 
  well , not like we can do to save stupidity of your nation , too late now . 
  yeah sure , that 's why russian always look onto ussr as glorious past . 
  what a joke . 
   for lithuanians russian empire was less cruel than ussr , worse than independent national state lithuania . 
  that does n't excuse russian empire from being an oppressive regime that almost succeeded in eradicating our language . 
  yes , i had ukrainian roommate , who could speak both lithuanian and ukrainian , but could n't understand jack shit of russian . 
  shit . 
  [ poland of course . 
  if it was n't for usa 's hegemony our country would been invaded by russia , by now . 
   according to the 2001 ukrainian census , 85.2 % of all people of ukrainian ethnicity living in ukraine named ukrainian as their mother-tongue , and 14.8 % named russian as their mother-tongue . 
  wiki, 
   [ according to the 2001 ukrainian census , 85.2 % of all people of ukrainian ethnicity living in ukraine named ukrainian as their mother-tongue , and 14.8 % named russian as their mother-tongue . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ukrainians#languages ), 
  oh yes , i forgot , all world is russia and speaks russian . 
  every baby in ukraine speaks russian . 
  we were habsburg allies who supressed anti-habsburg hungarians during siege of vienna . 
  it was a joke , chill . 
  lol , tell me good thing that russian empire did for us ? 
  or for that matter ussr ? 
  yeah sure , russian language was not lingua franca , ussr was n't known as just russia for some reason , even during official sports like olympics when lithuanians were called russians and left the arena without taking their medals . 
  ussr was just mask for russian empire 2.0, 
  because my family was lucky enough to not get killed . 
  any good luck with that , russia 's economy is low af given it 's potential , what a joke , army is complete soviet type , not long ago i saw your new tank rolling in red square who broke down , russian army is just shadow against nato forces , by invading us you would literally start ww3 . 
  and i can not wait for european army to be created , so you could fuck off already , we do n't want your rotten state and people on our land . 
  not as first language . 
  pretty sure those are russian speaking ukrainians e.g. 
  russians . 
  religion itself should die out already . 
  [ i 'm very sorry , but you did attack our wife - lenkija . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jan_kazimierz_sapieha_the_younger ), 
  [ you 're not wrong . 
  i 'm interested in many things . 
   ex-ussr states that are in eu suffer deep crysises alright , i already do not like her . 
  maybe that 's why our economy is surpassing yours . 
  hey , it 's too heavy !, 
  i do n't even know what to say , this is funny . 
   i am sure you have marks of old ... polish dominance there is no such thing as polish dominance on land marks , due to us both being roman catholic our buildings will look the same , even if you compare to slovakia . 
  it was destroyed due to partitions and nationalism . 
  and no , everyone [ remembers ] ( http://i.imgur.com/pzk2iog.jpg ) it . 
   the gap will be replaced by the next dominant religion , since religion is in the human nature . 
  yes , i believe in spaghetti monster that rules the galaxy . 
   every human civilization or tribe had a form of religion . 
  due to science not being so common back in the days . 
  people literally got burned by religious extremist for saying things that there might be aliens in outer space or that earth is not flat . 
  religion is stone age culture that for some reason still have n't died . 
  i 'm all up for preserving churches as cultural heritage , but i surely wo n't support such thing as god 's existence . 
  some of those regions only have different dialects ( e.g. 
  lithuania and it 's samogitia = \u017demaitija = lowland region ) , that 's about it . 
  i envy you . 
  [ balt ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/balts ) ( white ) magic, 
  because croatia is part of eu now . 
  well eu is better version of hre . 
  stereotypes stay strong i see . 
  dutch in their heads : oh yes , let it be true . 
  i feel very sad knowing what my country men did during nazi occupation of lithuania , i 'd like to say sorry . 
  hugo boss coats always give me a huge boner . 
  [ i love this song . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lzdjutydiq8 ), 
  why i 'm not surprised . 
  ukraine banned because juries from other countries gave points to them ? 
  yeah , sure . 
  i remember the days when polish-lithuanian commonwealth was de-occupying russia from tsarist rule , good old day . 
  yeah sure , that 's why turkey is dependent on usa . 
  you devil , just like poland , made for each other . 
  rolling through the reich . 
  slow . 
  gassing the kik ... nvm . 
  that `` polish minority mistreatment '' is nothing more but over blown bubble . 
  there are many polish-lithuanian projects going on and i 'm sure as hell that our cooperation wo n't get any worse , only for better . 
  and i never said poland is our bff , we actually do n't really have bff . 
   but to lithuania these relationships are a lot better than with the other neighbors . 
  due to geopolitics . 
   with historically connected countries from the south , lithuania gets along only with ukraine ... we always had good relationship with ukraine because we have no bad blood between each other . 
   to have good relationship with belarus seems impossible as it is ruled by an crazy old man who is president for more than two decades you 're talking as if lithuania and belarus are at war , it 's easy to enter belarus as lithuanian and dunno if it 's easy to enter lithuania s belarusian , but i guess so , since most of the opposion lives in vilnius . 
   and poland is poland which has a populist , undemocratic , right wing mood now ... poland is second country after the baltic with whom we have best relationship . 
   the baltics should unify into a single glorious state . 
  pretty impossible . 
  estonians and lithuanians are different as day and night . 
  our geopolitics only come close . 
   then perhaps even lithuania can into nordics . 
  that would make poland sad . 
  and pilsudski would spin even more in his grave . 
  besides if estonia/latvia happens to join nordics , so would lithuania , we 're all three part of nordic council as observers . 
  and on this blessed day i rolled with the panzers as once my grandfather did . 
  meh , i like [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rdj9i1jn5x4&amp;spfreload=10&amp;bpctr=1489361609 ) more . 
  god i love reading german sentences , they give great vibe for some reason .
