  moscow . 
  make . 
  paganism . 
  great . 
  again . 
  meanwhile we exchanged something with them for glorious baltic amber . 
  good ol' pagan times . 
  running naked , hitting some monks . 
  even i would feel sad for portugal for being part of spain . 
  exactly how ? 
  we do n't even speak slavic language , we 're not even slavs . 
  so triggered right now . 
  i am . 
  shut up discounted portugal . 
  yes . 
  european super state :\\ ^ ) european federation , glorious european empire, 
  i mean neither genetically nor culturally we have similarities with russians , this view is purely biased on cold war . 
  not sure , i just heard this story when i was still little kid . 
   pfft whatever dude . 
  we 're no more `` artificially created '' than any other nation . 
  chill i did n't meant to insult . 
   you think lithuania was always lithuania ? 
  [ lithuania ] ( http://i.imgur.com/pq9wzud.png ) first was formed to defend against teutonic and livonian orders as they conquered all the remaining [ baltic tribes ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/1/13/baltic_tribes_c_1200.svg/800px-baltic_tribes_c_1200.svg.png ) . 
  so not really , it was created to protect ancient balts , medieval lithuania became huge multicultural state after insane expansion into south east europe . 
  it was a bunch of tribes who probably all considered themselves just as distinct from each other as `` national peoples '' of the world think themselves distinct from each other today . 
  that makes no sense , the more you go into the past the less distinct ethnic groups get . 
  once upon a time swedes and iranians spoke same language you know ? 
  those tribes were n't some wild american indians that had no experience in warfare ( we fought vikings and ruthenians before teutonic order ) , so they were well organized pagan people , battle of saule proves that . 
   then along came some asshole who conquered everyone and enforced norms that grew to be commonly accepted . 
  you clearly do n't know history of grand duchy of lithuania and polish-lithuanian commonwealth . 
   and some culture came outta that and blah blah blah here you are today , the product of a bunch of people doing things for a bunch of different reasons . 
  really that triggered ? 
  just because america lack ancient culture does n't mean it does not have one . 
  when i said that usa is artificial nation i meant that it 's not biased on ethnicity , like all the european , asian etc nations are . 
   every nation is like that , you all like to pretend you emerged from the dirt or by god 's mighty hand as you are today . 
  we did n't emerge from god . 
  it has nothing to do with religion , for your information we were last state in europe to christianize . 
   like the idea of being lithuanian was some eternal concept that has always existed . 
  what the fuck ever . 
  what are you even talking about ? 
   ethnicity is a social construct oh yes , i share so many distinct features with turks or japanese ... rofl . 
  i 'm lithuania  balt  european , that 's my ethnicity . 
   if your mother had birthed you in the united states and abandoned you right after you 'd of been raised as an american and nothing , literally fucking nothing , in your physical construct as a human being would identify you as lithuanian . 
  you 're a person , period . 
  i would be lithuanian-american descendant that still makes me originally lithuanian , balt , european , white . 
   the united states was created no differently , more recently of course but that does n't make it different just newer . 
  it has nothing to do with it , germany is younger than usa , but it was created biased on ethnicity , that bigger question was should germans go for kleindeutchland ( small germany ( e.g. 
  imperial germany ) or grossdeutchland ( all german nation ( e.g. 
  taking parts of switzerland , austria , france etc. ) . 
   we formed a nation out of conquest , the mingling of people who mitigated for whatever reason , and the evolution of a culture based on the decisions of leaders and history . 
  no differently than you or any other country . 
  jesus christ , i never said that you were n't a nation , what i pointed out is that you 're not biased on ethnicity . 
  our nation was very different from pre 1795 when we lost our independence . 
  gdl was created to protect balts from foreign invaders , 200 years later it became largest country in europe , with balts being 10 % of total population , but ruling large swaths of land , it became multicultural country , 100 year later polish-lithuanian commonwealth was formed , that started to create new identity - polish-lithuanian ( not modern sense , equal to that of british or roman ) , which have n't had enough time to form as austria , russia and prussia partitioned the nobles ' republic , stopping any further evolution of ethnicity . 
  after the great war , lithuania came out independent once again and wanted to create purely lithuanian ( baltic ) state , which meant we did n't want belarus , or parts of ukraine , we wanted completely lithuanian state ( that includes only ethnographic regions , ignoring what language lithuanian spoke ) . 
   you wanta talk about artificial creation , fuck it artificial creation is better . 
  artificial means self-determined , a country built at least notionally on the idea that society could be constructed based on whats needed by the present not shackled to a mythical and ultimately unimportant past . 
  you do n't get the idea . 
  artificial means that usa is not as native american nation , but nation of people that colonized that n. american continent . 
   so fuck your `` blood '' your blood is bullshit , just some garbage fed to you by people who would n't know their up from down if they did n't have some mythical past to cling to for identity and meaning . 
  are you european descendant ? 
  besides it has nothing to do with blood . 
  we 're talking about ethnicity , language , culture , people . 
   fuck all that , do n't be afraid of the future , build your own based on what you want not want you think you have to do to honor some long dead folks who do n't give two shits about what you do because they are dead . 
  what are you smoking ? 
  must be some good shit . 
   ethnicity does n't exist , stop letting it define you , stop letting it drive to attempt to hold back the change that time brings because you think its wrong that whatever you perceive as being `` correct '' wo n't last forever , stop letting it divide you from people who have no meaningful difference from you . 
  ethnicity exist whether you like it or not . 
  i 'm not asian , i 'm not african , i 'm not arab , i 'm not a turk . 
  i 'm white , european , balt , lithuanian . 
  i will not feel french , i will not feel south african , it 's just impossible . 
  as american you clearly do n't know what european is , since you 're american , you try to deny ethnicity because you do n't know what it is and try to deny it 's existence which is ridiculous . 
  because i 'm everywhere . 
    you just accept any pretender troll claim ? 
  that 's my passion . 
   this video is a summarization of the history of all races . 
  seen these kind of videos thousand of times . 
  this shows entities , not people migration . 
   the original turks for example are from china yes , but modern turks are complete mixture of everything , from hellenic to arabs , to turks etc. 
   british people are from the germanic race . 
  yeah , no shit . 
  i 'd like to note that english and french have identical gene pool . 
   so you might want to do some research on this topic . 
  research on what ? 
   slavs and germans are the two major `` white '' races . 
  slav/germanic is not a race . 
  we 're all part of one race - [ white race ] ( http://i.imgur.com/6saoenm.png ) . 
   i can usually tell the difference between the two . 
  very minor differences . 
  i mean , germanics , slavs , balts , romance etc , most of europeans look the same , the only difference between us is the amount of [ light eyes and hair colour ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xozpi0o.jpg ) . 
  already got a boner . 
  - * i 'm a judeo-christian morality with a greco-roman intellect * * it 's the way we 're short-wired * * it 's a civilising force that demands respect - from the baltic to the straits of gibraltar * * a blue flag gold star sparks a brand new empire * * ours to build , ours the choice *, 
   who knows , maybe if this happens the idea of esperanto will spread and in a few generations we will see a monolingual europe . 
  i really do n't see why esperanto should be used , i 'm perfectly fine with english being international language , easy to learn . 
  there is no need for monolingual europe . 
   lol this post gon na trigger some white supremacists . 
  [ mfw ] ( http://i.imgur.com/6zdhdbp.jpg ) when kebab says they can into europe . 
  ^ ^ ^ joke ^ ^ ^ ofc  jokes aside i am surprised most said yes in turkey . 
  as much as i wanted turkey to be in eu , since you guys are our allies , it 's impossible , not only given the fact that you ca n't fulfil even 1/4 of criteria , but also are too fucking big . 
  just because it is your post does n't mean it 's immune to criticism .
