   the excercises are about defending against nato aggression . 
  it 's not like they 're training to nuke and invade us ... 
  as i said turks are bunch of mixed ethnicities with one unifying factor - turkishness , unlike lithuanians . 
   have you lived in turkey ? 
  no but have friends that lived there . 
  for people interested we 're buying anti-tank weapons . 
  for us tanks are pretty meaningless and would be great waste of money given our geographical location . 
  i do n't think being turkish is the same as being lithuanian . 
  your nations are built on nationality , not ethnicity . 
  because usa and turkey are very different from european nations . 
  \u0160\u0161\u0161\u0161\u0161\u0161 : * harry potter-landia is in middle of nowhere . 
  i do not deny the fact that east euros are racist towards more tanned people , but white brits are pretty much identical to poles , so i ca n't see reason why they would be racist/xenophobic towards them . 
  that 's the thing , turks are bunch of mixed ethnicities . 
  maybe because you have more of hellenic feature ? 
  i 'm pretty sure poles are not racist/xenophobic towards white brits . 
  maybe purple stands for `` nature '' , green for `` within capital city/town '' . 
  if you want to spend a lot more money then sure go for the capital . 
  being european citizen is already a stretch and you dream about global citizen , whoa dude . 
  by whom , other turks ? 
  blue eyes is nothing special here . 
  that 's still a sick thing to do ... 
  no white brits can not be accused of racism , but they can be accused of xenophobia . 
  you really have a problem . 
   acually we are ~ ~ pink ~ ~ beautiful . 
  yes you can . 
  asian , middle eastern , black people can be racist towards white people too you know ? 
  * and kids are cruel . 
  all people are , by nature - they just lose touch with it as they get older . 
  start thinking they know right and wrong . 
  really sad . 
  i do n't understand all this xenophobia and racism towards polish people . 
  this is why i oppose quotas , i do n't want these people from other cultural dimensions to be part of our society . 
  i got flu mate , can confirm . 
   what 's the difference with slavic speakers claiming the legacy of ancient macedonians ? 
  both are wrong and should not be accepted as truth ? 
  besides byzantine empire was legal successor of roman empire as it was eastern roman empire that called itself roman empire , byzantine is just historian given name . 
  welcome to our world . 
  and yet you 're on hard core mode to defend your right to being called european , funny . 
  half of it . 
  only architecture is european there any way . 
   in secular countries that 's more and more irrelevant . 
  it 's relevant given values and cultural nature like being baptised , weddings especially old architecture . 
   the typical architecture from portugal is very different from northern and eastern europe . 
  lithuanian architecture is neither north european nor eastern european , you 're generalising too much . 
  lithuanian architecture is closer to either german or italian , including polish of course it 's far different from ukrainian , russian , swedish or finnish . 
   that 's indeed a link but we can still speak to each other in our native languages . 
  we would understand ourselves as much as with a hungarian or a turk . 
  our ancestors share common tongue . 
   most portuguese pass their life without talking about lithuania or interacting with lithuanians . 
  most lithuanians pass their life without talking about portugal or interacting with lithuanians . 
  both portuguese and lithuanians are on european continent , while turkey is not that 's the biggest difference . 
   notice how the most notable war in the europe in recent memory ( yugoslavia ) happened literally less than a month after the collapse of the ussr ? 
  you do realize yugoslavia was non-align country , right ? 
  it had no ties with ussr other than being commie state . 
  after death of tito there was no one to hold nations from becoming nationalistic again . 
   therefore is both european and asian . 
  it is , except you ca n't remove asia and expect it to be seen as european nations . 
   besides recent political agreements like eu and nato , could you kindly show me how are portugal and lithuania culturally much more close to each other than anyone of those with turkey ? 
  [ roman catholicism ] ( https://churchpop.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/10/traditional-religions.png ) , architecture ( [ lisbon old town ] ( http://lisbonhost.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/lisbon-old-town5.jpg ) vs [ kaunas old town ] ( https://media-cdn.tripadvisor.com/media/photo-s/09/c2/99/56/caption.jpg ) ) , both are part of indo-european language group ? 
  you will have to be more specific . 
  it 's both cultural and geographic , turkey shares neither . 
   there are several differences in culture in europe . 
  if you compare them one on one they 're different if you take random country from other continent and put it in between those two european nations you would realize that they share similarities with each other more than with that random country . 
   why all the problems with a simple geographic definition ? 
  i 'm having problem with using wrong geographical definitions . 
  turkey is eurasian country whose territory mostly lies in asia , it is not european nation . 
  and that would be ? 
  go check genetics . 
  are you really trying to convince that turkey is european nation ? 
  turkey and russia are eurasian , unlike turkey , russia can consider itself as european nation because it started within european continent is both genetically and culturally connected to europe unlike turkey . 
  also geographical . 
  i 'm european federalist and i see russians as europeans , but i do n't see turks as europeans , your generalisation is weird . 
  turks are bunch of different ethnicities mixed together , there are as much greek in them as there is arab in them or turkic . 
  spain has territory on n. african coast , can we consider it african country now ? 
  was british empire american state ? 
  such thing as european did n't exist back then . 
  unlike turkey it 's culturally european and majority of island 's people are greek cypriots . 
  i 'm not against turkey joining eu ( even though that 's impossible ) , its just not european nation . 
   british and germany economic interconnectedness did n't stop wwi . 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  lol  i have no problem with the eu , but you do n't have to come up with lies to justify it . 
  you 're giving too much credit to nato , there were several dictatorships in nato it did n't help them prevent coups . 
   and your obsession with it not being is laughable . 
  point me out `` my obsession '' with turkey not being in europe it 's out side of defined geographical limits of europe , if you include turkey might as well include whole middle east . 
   plus cyprus is 100 % not in europe by its geographic definition . 
  it is not , but unlike turkey it 's very much culturally european with greek cypriots making majority of islands population . 
  yeah somehow interconnected economy is not deterrent from war , it 's soldiers pew pewing each other on training that kept europe at peace lul [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xxuty7ss1v4 ) is simple representation of eu for you mr. american . 
   most of that time europe was split into two camps . 
  commie bloc was enforced , nobody joined it willingly . 
  spain has patch of land in n. african coast , is it african country now ? 
  turkish obsession with being european is laughable . 
  turkey is not just thrace . 
  it 's like one of those clips where you look from feet to head , you 're like * ohh yeah * and once you see face you 're like * abort * * abort * . 
  still asia minor , not europe . 
  welcome to the club mate . 
  you 're asia minor , gateway to asia , not europe . 
  we should revive commonwealth , this time as republic of three nations if that 's what russia wants . 
  not at all , i 'm just giving exp from most homophobic place i 've been . 
  and all of them got crushed because it was ' t supported by majority . 
  `` world revolution '' , commies tried to paint in that way to fit their agenda .
