    nato came in and fought on the side of the albanian militant groups , and ultimately carved up serbia . 
  because you started it with oppressions and executions . 
  what did you expected , that they would side with you ? 
   something you are probably going to see from russia soon in your country , or worse . 
  impossible as much as you wished for our nation annihilation . 
   i 'll probably feel some empathy , even though i 've seen many of your countrymen justify what nato did to serbia . 
  where , when , what ? 
  it 's not justified , but it 's also wrong to blame nato for keeping your teeth from innocent people . 
   the nato bombing of serbian infrastructure lasted for 90 days . 
  ** by that time we could have wiped out every single albanian civilian in kosovo if we wanted to ** . 
  oh guess why you did n't , if it was n't for nato you would done that , if that 's what you 're saying ? 
  you really disgust me . 
   if there was a will to commit genocide , genocide would be committed . 
  serbians were already committing genocide . 
  it does n't matter how much we prepare , russia can steam roll us ( nation of 3 million people will not stop a nation of +140 million people ) . 
  what we need is to make sure that europe and especially usa stand besides us . 
  well , it 's not trump that made us wake up , but russian aggression towards it 's neighbours . 
   your choice only depends on the good will of others who would allow you that choice . 
  neither russia , nor usa , nor eu are the ones that command what we can and what we can not . 
  treaties can be amended or withdrawn from . 
  which is unlikely given usa 's and europe 's history . 
   if the russians , or somebody else was to attack , i would ' t lift a finger for either side . 
  nobody forces you to begin with , we do n't need cowards . 
   i have nothing against your existence , nor do i think russia would have any benefit if they were to enslave you . 
  i also do n't think us benefits by promising to defend you against such a thing . 
  when why are you so keen on dismantling nato ? 
  why are you so keen for usa resources to be used in middle east or elsewhere than [ baltic states ] ( https://c2.staticflickr.com/6/5703/22413217086_7499d841c4_o.jpg ) ? 
  ( even then they have like what ? 
  4k soldiers here , that 's nothing when you look at usa 's budget , those are cents for them ) where soldiers have 0 chance to die unless russia goes full retard and invades us . 
  it 's not up to you what america 's foreign policy is any way so your opinion is irrelevant any way . 
   nato is the biggest threat to my home . 
  and why is that ? 
  because they stopped [ serbia ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nq_j2c6hrz0 ) from being a genocidal nation ? 
  if you have n't done such radical things nato would n't have put a finger on you , action have consequences . 
  that 's the same reason we joined nato , to not be occupied by russia , just look at modern russian federation , it 's only federation in word , every single piece of land that is non-russian gets fully russified . 
  it has been done since mid xix c. , in lithuania people would get hanged , lithuanian language , literature , latin alphabet , catholicism was banned . 
  soviet union did same shit with their sovietizination policy that was a bit slower russification than russian empire used . 
   so you 're fine with nato unilaterally decided to attack a country , as long as you like the reason ? 
  no , i do not like , my country was not part of nato at that time , so it has nothing to do with it , but to stop aggression you have to use aggression . 
   it 's questionable would it fuck anything really . 
  you 're not exactly an economic powerhouse . 
  most of the countries are not , so what ? 
  does that mean we have no free choice that we should be absorbed by larger neighbour and accept their language , culture and values ? 
  because if so , i 'm all for european federation , for anything else we will stayed independent . 
   the us can choose whether they want to defend korea or taiwan separately . 
  it has nothing to do with you . 
  they 're have same treaties with usa that protects them from more militaristic neighbours that want to threaten them with invasion , just like us . 
   as for the eurozone , how would not helping you make the us an enemy of the whole eurozone ? 
  who needs who more ? 
  usa and eurozone will not be enemies , russia and eurozone will become enemies if russia thinks that invading a european union country is perfectly okay ...  did you just say you hate me ? 
  harsh , i do n't know how i 'm going to live that one down . 
  you show hate towards me and my country , saying that we do n't deserve to exist and should be on our knees towards russia . 
  does n't really put nice feeling toward you after this . 
   i do n't care if you 're enslaved , and i think the americans are slowly understanding that they do n't care either . 
  it 's certainly going to be an interesting time for you . 
  yes you do , you trying to hardest to spew anti-nato sentiment in reddit . 
   that 's funny considering nato 's offensive actions . 
  after your fellow serbians started to slaughter innocent people left and right . 
   again , the alliance is meant for people to be safe in the region , to deter potential wars . 
   if russians roll in and take your country tomorrow , why should the us care ? 
  what do they lose ? 
  they would lose whole nato , china will able to roll over taiwan , north korea can roll over s. korea , why would usa help these tiny nations after all ? 
  besides we 're part of eurozone , that would fuck whole eurozone , gj you just made sure major part of europe is your enemy . 
  russia 's leadership are not idiotic . 
  besides you literally have nothing to do with nato , you do n't even live in nato country , you do n't even live near russia , you 're not a guy whose family members and their friends were out right slaughtered in forest , deported to siberia , without return , or pulverized by tanks . 
   i do n't hate russia or russians , but their leadership and useful idiots like you who apologize their invasion and other bs around the globe , who wants other nations to be enslaved . 
   it obviously is , considering what they did to ukraine and georgia . 
  nobody wants them now . 
  which is why people rush into nato , they do n't want to end up like ukraine and georgia , being ally of russia means being permanently on your knees sucking , else you will get stick shoved up your ass . 
   but , i was n't talking about that . 
  what i wanted to say is that it 's certainly up to the west which countries are going to have their protection . 
  i see a lot of noise coming from the baltic states , but i 'm not sure what do they bring to the table exactly . 
  our noise is to not trust russia , plain and simple , we do n't want war , we just want to be left alone , but russian government are way too clingy . 
   is n't it completely natural for americans to ask themselves would they really risk everything to defend these states ? 
  if they do n't defend us they risk far more . 
  you join army with a fact knowing that you might die in a battlefield . 
  better question is why should russians die for putin 's desire to stay in power and keep lobbying it 's fellow countrymen ? 
  nato is a defensive military alliance created purely for making regions as stable as possible . 
   would they us do that if they did n't think it was beneficial for themselves ? 
  stable europe is one of many usa 's priorities . 
   the great powers also have a choice of whom they 're going to let into their sphere of influence , and whom they 're going to promise protection . 
  it 's not up to russia which countries want closer ties with west , you can show up that `` muh sphere of influence '' up your ass this 21th century , stop living in the past , russia 's glory , if it ever existed , is over . 
   what they see as their rightful sphere of influence they go fuck themselves with a stick in ass , we do n't belong to them and will never will . 
  people would rather set themselves on fire than live through the shitholish totalitarian regime . 
   but did n't give us any money or resources postwar they wanted to , but ussr forced everyone to refuse the marshal plan . 
  i hope the first but not the latter . 
  latvia and especially lithuania is going to reach it in few years . 
  peter the great is well known figure because he 's the only russian leader that was most europhilic . 
   wait , what happened to `` america did nothing during wwii and just showed up late , fuck amerikkka ! '', 
  we hoped americans will show up first than soviets , we did n't expect them to go to war with soviets . 
  we do n't hate america , they did n't recognize baltic occupation by ussr . 
  -  but still the us should have stayed out of europe in wwii , lets the russians take it for all i care . 
  when after first soviet occupation nazis were greeted with flowers and people shouting that they liberated us from evil you know something is fucked up in the commie regime , here is a glimpse of glorious soviet army first occupation :   according to the coroner 's examination after the exhumation , both the report and the testimonies of witnesses , concurred that ** the soviets cut off tongues , ears , genitals , scalps , put genitals into mouths , picked out eyes , pulled off fingernails , made belts of victims ' skins to tie their hands , burned them with torches and acid , crushed bones and skulls , all done while the prisoners were still alive ** . , the organizers of the massacre included pyotr raslan , boris mironov , nachman dushanski , political leader of 8th border army mikhail kompanyanec , nkvd kretinga county deputy director yermolayev , nkvd lieutenant zhdanov and others . 
  2 million german women were raped by red army , even non-german women who got released from prison camps were raped by red army . 
  * better dead than red . 
  * - i 'm more than happy that americans stayed in europe , it made sure that w. europe was not over run by ussr and was not made the same economic and social stagnated shit hole that ussr ruled e. europe become , thank god it ussr is long gone and we 're part of both eu and nato that not only improves our economy greatly but also makes sure we 're safe from any potential aggressor ever again . 
   i do n't give a fuck about russian expansion , it has nothing to do with me or my country . 
  then stop spewing hatred towards nato . 
  you 're free to live in a country that is not part of nato . 
   we should not risk one life on it .
