  thank god our nationalist governments won the independence war , at least we manage to escape the up coming mass starvations carried out by ussr on ukrainian and other lands . 
  we 're the eyes . 
  celtic dragons animated as sheep shaggers . 
  : / feelswelshman . 
  it does n't matter which symbol we use , all symbols that represent europe are glorious . 
   so tell me , why did lithuania join the eu ? 
  to take in refugees that do not want even want to be in lithuania themselves ? 
  to bail out greece ? 
  because you felt some deep connection with a random dude in spain ? 
  nope . 
  it was because of the free market , foreign investment , and those sweet , sweet cohesion fund monies . 
  yes exactly , we 're taking refugees because we want to help people who actually fled the war zone and we take only people who actually want to reside in lithuania . 
   the soviet union was n't about commie utopia for the most of its existence , it was n't communism in the first place , and the people at the top were n't that stupid . 
  the reason why it existed was to stick it to the us and the west . 
  in other words , to have a `` strong union '' that can stand against the liberal west , because on its own , russia would n't be able to do that . 
  more bull shit ... can you stop , please ? 
  not but he might stay as cultural symbol for russia . 
  i get it , you 're a commie . 
  great bull shit mate . 
  and why you want eu to fall ? 
  nobody would enforce your country to join european fed . 
  eu should n't be the ground for it to be built on , that 's for sure , we need something similar to eu , but with main goal - federalization of states that want to be part of european fed . 
  sadly nobody , not even russians who are suffering under putin 's regime . 
  soviet union was built on blood and retarded promises of commie utopia , eu = / = ussr . 
  / s european federation is our future whether we want it or not , it 's the only thing that will protect us from major countries that would start treating us like colonies , and we know well how being a colony sucks . 
  eagles and lions got nothing on baltic steel . 
  * `` algirdas , get the sword , it 's time to kick some ass and get that ruthenian booty . 
  our is vytis , yours is pahonia , we 're not mad of you using it , we 're mad that you think that gdl was slavic ( specifically belarusian ) state . 
  that 's bad example because english language have a lot of latin/french loanwords . 
  but yes , baltic and slavic languages are not the same and are not mutually intelligible ( not even lithuanian and latvian ) like most of slavic sub-groups . 
  but you failed to edit out the main part where people got clingy on you . 
  he 's a troll and for some reason insane lithuanian hater , dunno why . 
   goddamn ** slavic castles ** are awesome why did n't you delete or fix your comment then ? 
  the design is germanic , not slavic , all castles in lithuania have teutonic style , because their builders were ones introduce the stone castles to us . 
  get some psychiatric help kiddo . 
  he 's just a poor troll , you should n't look at him seriously . 
  and well known anti-lithuanian hater , so he 's probably from another country hiding under luxembourg 's flair . 
   but i was not going to make that in that purpose . 
  but people claiming that lithuanians are so different is just false . 
  language is similar and historically grand duchy of lithaunia was a slavic state with russian as an official language and the penal law of the kievan russ ( written in russian ) god you 're retarded . 
  0/10 on trolling, 
  it looks teutonic , and teutons were germans , swedes , danes , not slavs . 
   that means ~ ~ war ~ ~ parking time !, 
  and uk becoming colony of usa too , gon na be fun . 
  do n't talk about my country , you know jack shit . 
   crusade of varna plc still did n't exist back , gdl was more keen to break personal union with poland at that time . 
  i did n't said it was n't , i said it was far from that of plc. 
  yes they are . 
  and you 're one of the nutjobs who think borders and nations do n't exist because you say so . 
  what a joke . 
  russian language is filled with mongol loanwords . 
   without russian history you ca n't understand you history . 
  which is very obvious . 
  why would i care what happened in siberia ? 
  it literally has no influence on how lithuanian developed during russian empire occupation . 
   eastern front against the russians was a mostly joint effort . 
  even more you did n't say anything about the they being stuck or other russian victories . 
  as i said your just being a disrespectful little shit . 
  disrespectful to who ? 
  russians ? 
  they invaded and occupied my homeland , while oppressing and trying to russify my nation . 
  there is no way in hell i would show any respect to them for that . 
   nonsense . 
  russian tanks were really good in ww2 . 
  it is mostly a american cold war myth that they werent . 
  this happened before ww2 . 
   good god why did n't one of your ancestors died in a famine or something ? 
  nice to see that you 're xenophobic asshole . 
   oh now i am a russophile ? 
  why ca n't you decide ? 
  because you are ? 
  trying your hardest to prove that russian empire was n't a backwards nation compare to the rest of european powers . 
   yeap i am saying this . 
  no you were not . 
   do you think you have a bloody divine right on the land ? 
  who the fuck do you think you are ? 
  yes , i have a right to my ancestor land who came here more than 3000 years ago . 
   this is as i said worse . 
  byzantium was n't a greek empire for a long time . 
  byzantium was n't even did n't exist it was the roman empire . 
  eastern part is useless as the saying byzantium . 
  though it is useful from time to time to useit . 
  `` me canto into englando '' , can you please talk like a normal person , byzantium , as name , is made up by historians , the empire itself called roman up until it 's impending demise by ottoman hands . 
   that would be poland under german rule and poland under russian rule respectively . 
  or by region names german x etc. 
  `` greek land '' was ruled by the ottomans . 
  it is always more appropriate to use more geographical terms like ottoman anatolia or russian baltics . 
  that is still an occupation . 
   miners are people though . 
  they are people who bring with them some necessities . 
  and they were not the only people or development in there . 
  i reccomend you to read `` a history of the peoples of siberia : russia 's north asian colony 1581-1990 '' by james forsyth since you shockingly know how to read . 
  again i do n't give a fuck about russia 's history , like literally nothing interests me about it . 
  what does interest me is how better german empire parts of lithuanian were developed compare to russian ones . 
   what about the battle of galicia ? 
  or the brusilov offensive ? 
  that was austrian front which also had problems with social infrastructure . 
   their battles against ottomans ? 
  ottoman was a decaying carcass . 
  it 's a fact , russia was always technologically behind , even during interwar period they made treaties with nazi germany to get german technology for resources in return .
