  yeah , you 're actually right . 
  ca n't write shit apparently . 
  =d i meant if parents will get bothered because their kids hide porno magazine somewhere , there is high probably they will not allow many other things e.g. 
  controlling kids life . 
  if such things bother as your son/daughter having a porno magazine , i 'm pretty sure parents will be full tories . 
  that 's only beginning . 
   maybe having kids interact with their base primal instincts from a young age is not a good lesson to teach them ? 
  in fact maybe it 'd be better to encourage kids away from such a lifestyle ... what 's what sex ed is for . 
  not going full `` i tell you how to live your life '' mode . 
  did n't answer my question . 
  [ i know . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ylirsp5s4nu ), 
  and what is wrong with kids having porno journal again ? 
  for science !, 
  wait ... 
  you 're lost in your own imagination . 
  what ever floats your boat , buddy . 
  that 's why we need more legal porn !, 
  i forgot mongol hordes played damn gta before going through their journey on eurasia . 
  or hitler watching naked boobs within paints . 
  that 's surely it . 
  why would we want to go full rampage on eastern slavs ? 
  grand duchy of lithuania beat out mongol horde out of fallen kievan rus ' land and connected it with gdl through marriage between noble families . 
  i mean look at russia . 
  well , let 's just hope britain does n't go full fascist . 
  i see . 
  [ god , i loved that movie . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=acupr5gvvse ), 
  if it was n't for it 's geographical location turkey would been a forgotten place for europe . 
  rural areas are least filled with people that had higher education than gymnasium . 
  i find the stupider the person i meet , the more likely he 's homophobic . 
   also there are picture with people holding posters against the parade ( and even against eu , cause you know eu is totally gay ... also their posters look a bit pro soviet union ??? ), 
  all of them look like born within ussr 's years of existence ( old af ) , not surprising . 
  plus all the pro-pride people look happy and full of joy , while anti-pride people look they 're depressed and ask themselves inside '' * what i 'm doing here * '' . 
  wait , why would you dodge draft by being gay ? 
  at least in the end you will get to taste yogurt . 
  they were hunted down 12000 years ago with first people that came to this land . 
   wtf :d it 's been 26 years since end of occupation , if it 's one thing that stops us from being western , it 's our own mentality , religion plays far bigger role on homophobic lithuanian than soviet 's brainwashism . 
   of course , but as said before - there is no realistic way for it to change this fast . 
  yeah , which is sad . 
  but , hey , at least not impossible . 
  turkey is way too strategically valuable to be kicked out . 
  it 's a guy , more specifically a * trap * . 
   traps ?!, 
  like in those for dogs or wild animals ? 
  i 'm not sure i understand . 
  :( [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dkwqdczprps ) is visualisation . 
  we are europeans , just with brainwashed people that think some thing are wrong , because * god told me so * . 
  we ca n't blame that on soviets though , it 's our own brainwashed society that needs to mature at last . 
  the old generation is pretty key figure when it comes to changes , in most cases they do n't want one , because they fear of `` unknown '' , something that is not natural to them , ussr was insanely stale when it comes to life . 
  which probably after his oppression , religion was n't that good of reminder of his regime . 
  religion was used as tool to fight against communism and soviet occupation . 
  of course you can !, 
  but love tiny trolls growing into big strong bear trolls , they 're cute . 
  poor denmark . 
  plus baltic sea was created out of melted ice cap . 
  it has nothing to do how many jews were helped , but how many people did . 
   his username implies that trans people are a commodity , an item to be used at his leisure . 
  meanwhile , many trans people , particularly trans women of colour , are treated like human waste . 
  that 's what you think , not i. 
   if someone pretends to love `` ladyboys '' as much as this person , they better be doing their absolute best to ensure that these people get the respect they deserve . 
  which surprisingly , i do . 
   creepy fetishist . 
  i 'm not creepy . 
  half wrong , it is my fetish , but do n't understand how i dehumanize them . 
  got ta get that sobieski before sudoku hits me . 
  just always elect lithuanian as king and we shall be stronk !, 
  of course we wo n't do naughty things to them . 
  would you like to know ? 
  what do you mean by recover ? 
  i mean genes are genes , but we 're far from looking like russians . 
  the native inhabitants of the lithuanian territory have not been replaced by migrations from outside , so there is a high probability that the inhabitants of present-day lithuania have preserved the genetic composition of their forebears relatively undisturbed by the major demographic movements , although without being actually isolated from them . 
  the lithuanian population appears to be relatively homogeneous , without apparent genetic differences among ethnic subgroups . 
   lithuanians , like most other baltic/scandinavian cultures , have been known for being people of above average height . 
  at the end of the 19th century , the average height of males was 163.5 cm ( 5 ft 4 in ) and the average height of females was 153.3 cm ( 5 ft 0 in ) . 
  by the end of the 20th century , heights averaged 181.3 cm ( 5 ft 11 in ) for males and 167.5 cm ( 5 ft 6 in ) for females . 
  actually indo-europeans mixed with o.g. 
  north eastern europeans . 
  most northern west russians have either baltic or finnic ancestry , but that was several thousand years ago , when slavs started to push out finnic and baltic tribes and compacted them into what we are today . 
  sure thing buddy . 
  or rather your own paranoia that everything we do is to piss off russia . 
  definitely not to become more western , but to piss off russia ... 
  i volunteer . 
  most of people i know are also homophobic , but they do n't give two shits when i open up about my sexuality , even then , most of them love some bromance , especially random wrestling . 
   gay man  hardcore islamists . 
  i think they will be proud , all those investments are paying off , we homogay now . 
  black people are not unicorns ... nobody cares what skin colour you are , as long as you do n't look for trouble . 
  eastern european toddlers , the deadliest , most guilty guerilla fighters . 
  and people just forget and move on on that ... sad . 
  soviets invaded finland , lithuania , latvia , estonia , took parts of poland and romania , before even nazis showed up , so in this case if soviets are liberators , nazis are too , liberators of said countries . 
  i honestly , want to ask , what 's is wrong with you people ? 
  why do you assume that we fucking wanted nazis to win ? 
  ca n't you accept the fact that both nazis and soviets were brutal animals that deserve to no praise ? 
  is that so hard to accept that soviets committed a boat load of sickening atrocities ? 
  did you even watch the video ? 
  nkvd used alive children to experiment on their brains !, 
  show me where people say that they wanted nazis to win ? 
  we hate both soviet and nazi regimes , because both are brutal totalitarian dictatorships ruling people with terror . 
  also austria , which was made into neutral country . 
  moonshine,
