   russian flair  your ** totalitarian state ** will torture them . 
  thankfully ussr fall and did n't fulfil their own sovietization plan , they almost made latvians in latvia into minority . 
  i never defended nazi war crimes , but in no dimension will i ever defend soviet war crimes . 
  wait , you occupy them and bitch about them not being obedient , rofl . 
  i suggest reading [ this ] ( http://www.lituanus.org/1956/56_3_02drunga.html ) . 
  lithuania is 6th righteous among nations , for god 's sake . 
  how estonians did attack you ? 
  you forget that soviets invaded and started mass killing in estonia before nazi invasion of ussr ? 
  why do fucking people think we wanted nazis to win ? 
  we wanted fucking western army to start war with ussr to actually liberate us . 
  when they literally kicked his house doors out , took all the food , all the medicine , i doubt he had such thoughts . 
  we did , russian government refuses to extradict them , just like the video showed . 
  half of europe like to differ . 
  during first soviet occupation of lithuania :  according to the coroner 's examination after the exhumation , both the report and the testimonies of witnesses , concurred that ** the soviets cut off tongues , ears , genitals , scalps , put genitals into mouths , picked out eyes , pulled off fingernails , made belts of victims ' skins to tie their hands , burned them with torches and acid , crushed bones and skulls , all done while the prisoners were still alive ** . , the organizers of the massacre included pyotr raslan , boris mironov , nachman dushanski , political leader of 8th border army mikhail kompanyanec , nkvd kretinga county deputy director yermolayev , nkvd lieutenant zhdanov and others . 
  and russians killing estonians is totally normal thing ? 
  what 's your point ? 
  slavs are the ones that pushed germanics from their land , just like they did with balts and o.g. 
  southern europeans . 
  ypatingasis b\u016brys ( which consisted of exiled pro-fascist lithuanians during interwar period ) which consisted of mostly 50-200 men killed most . 
  i guess whole 3 million nation of lithuania is nazi loving machine ? 
  it was liberation , but re-occupation , you do realize soviets invaded us before nazi started their campaign against ussr ? 
  well , after second soviet occupation my grandmother was raped and killed by several red army bandits , he instantly joined underground lithuanian freedom fighters . 
  soviets were so much more brutal to lithuanian population than nazis were in reality . 
  instant xenophobia and denial , typical . 
  why do n't you extradict criminals who ran over people with tanks during january events then ? 
  yeah , it 's really us who should change , jesus . 
   the pillaging , rapes and murder were terrible , but it was still better than what hitler had planned for eastern europeans . 
  which was pillaging , rape and murder ? 
  stop defending soviets , both nazis and soviets should remembered as greatest evils of humanity . 
  so soviet war crimes should be forgotten and hidden ? 
  all my grandfather did was give soap to wehrmacht soldier and occasionally drank beer with them and now he 's nazi sympathizer in this turk 's eyes because he actually lived a daily normal life . 
  you lost in your own victim complex . 
  he 's not defending nazis , he 's showing your own russian ignorance on acknowledging soviet crimes . 
  to become same evil they fought against . 
  good luck with that , rofl . 
   german not , but eastern germany certainly is the very western historic lands of the slavs , not at all . 
  [ modern poland is historic land of germanics ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/90/pre_migration_age_germanic.png ) . 
  we balt not slav !, 
  which would make them refugees , but most of them are not , most of them are young adult men who seek to exploit western welfare . 
  nice . 
  most of them are from non-war zones , crossing many safe countries , they 're not refugees in my eyes . 
  politically correct . 
  so now poland should endanger their citizens because it 's morally wrong to not accept `` refugees '' , look at australia and japan and tell them to accept `` refugees '' , why are n't you screaming at them for securing their maritime borders ? 
  you do realize they got rewarded with land for their service in military ? 
  they did n't come here begging for better life , they fought for it . 
  shh , france , everyone loves you . 
  no wonder you do it for free . 
  cyprus dispute is more than enough reason to be on greek side rather than turkish side . 
  russians do n't use '' : '' for some weird reason . 
  if it was n't for entente you would been part of germany ( weimar republic ) because austrians only saw themselves as actually austrians after ww2 . 
  well he 's commie that lived in ussr after soviets lost soviet-lithuanian war . 
  just like pro-fascist augustinas voldemaras who was exiled for his pro-fascist views . 
  it 's you who should accept the historical facts . 
  during first soviet occupation :  on july 14 -- 15 , 1940 , rigged parliamentary elections for the `` people 's parliaments '' were conducted by local communists loyal to the soviet union . 
  because of ** newly installed election restrictions , only the communists and their allies were effectively allowed to run ** . 
  the election results were completely fabricated to give the communists large majorities : the soviet press service released them early , with the result that they had already appeared in print in a london newspaper a full 24 hours before the polls closed . 
   the new assemblies met for the first time in late july , in each case with a single order of business -- petitions to join the soviet union . 
  this belied claims prior to the elections that no such action would be taken . 
  in each case , the petitions passed . 
  in due course , the soviet union `` accepted '' all three petitions and formally annexed the three countries . 
  the soviet union , and later russia , used these votes to buttress its claim that the baltic peoples had voluntarily requested to join the soviet union after carrying out socialist revolutions in their countries . 
   public tribunals were also set up to punish `` traitors to the people '' : those who had fallen short of the `` political duty '' of voting their countries into the ussr . 
   was still a very much pro-lithuanian . 
  not very much pro-lithuanian , rather rebellious . 
  * during the later decades of snie\u010dkus 's rule national orientation was noticeable in his activities . 
  first confrontation with moscow happened in 1949-1950 , when he had to defend his old communist friends from persecution , with whom he was together working in underground . 
  lithuania was the only republic of ussr where not only mass persecution of old communists did not happen and not even one communist of pre-soviet times was accused and arrested . 
  at around this time his policies started to gain a national character . 
  this policy had the form of sabotaging some orders of moscow , demanding some privileges for lithuania , and others . 
  herpy derpy , estonia so cute , ca n't get it out of my head !, 
  not to me !, 
  estonia has finland , lithuania has poland , latvia has ... rusland . 
   well , if they do n't speak polish or have anything to do with poland ( like russian-americans do about russia ) , are they polish ? 
  lithuanian and polish culture is pretty much identical , other than language and ethnicity . 
  your grandmother does n't identify as any of these , american-russians do . 
  you 're now free to piss off . 
  rip badgerfest . 
  you fearless little pet . 
  i remember the days when i gone to vilnius cafee bar and ate some polish ears . 
  i guess poles in lithuania are not poles any more . 
  what ever floats your boat . 
  the russian american population is reported to be 3.13 million . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russian_americans nice lies mate . 
  it 's safe , but it 's better to look and listen when nobody is around . 
  til usa and germany are used to be part of russian empire . 
  https://youtu.be/j1q0rgkfra0?t=1 bonus video : https://youtu.be/x7ej_ngqnrk, 
  yes , usa 's and eu 's soldiers are fighting ukrainians in eastern ukraine , right , of course , we are guilty , of course , why would n't we , we 're so guilty , omg , very guilty . 
  not usa , un . 
  20-40 million russians are outside russia . 
  51 000 ukrainians are in poland . 
  never saw any one using vk . 
  even my father who is more proficient in russian than english uses facebook . 
  make [ baltoscandia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/baltoscandia ) a thing once again !, 
   estonia counts , for the un , to eastern europe cold war relic . 
  same with poland , in secret/underground they were very supportive of lithuanian independence , but they could n't do that in open . 
  well if you want prussian flavour you can still go to klaip\u0117da ( memelland ) region . 
  yeah , just give them better position to invade , wonderful idea . 
  soviets gave ultimatum to all three baltic states to let establish small soviet bases on our soil , they would done that with or without our approval , if we agreed we would get vilnius region back , if not they cross the border to establish bases either way , which would mean war against ussr . 
  since we already refused nazi german offer to be third state to invade poland from the north to regain vilnius region , smetona was keen to not comply with soviet demands either and prepare for second lithuanian-soviet war . 
  sadly our government was n't very happy about possible war , since we tried to stay neutral all this time ( getting german ultimatum to give up klaip\u0117da region/memelland and polish ultimatum to re-establish diplomatic relations , both threatening with invasion of lithuania ) and thought that soviets would respect our sovereignty , so smetona left for west , because he knew soviets will occupy lithuania and either make him their puppet or will liquidate him .
