  the only thing russian can take pride is their old ass military equipment . 
  lol, 
  ultra-nationalism , `` must unite minorities into one great russia '' , annexing foreign land , complete state owned media , homophobia , xenophobia , `` all we need is one `` great '' leader like putin '' , fuck democracy , using gas as means of influence , army chauvinism etc. 
  latin was our first . 
  til swearing means speaking good russian . 
  xd you do realize we also use german , polish , even english swear words , as our language is passive-aggressive when it comes to swear words , pretty much same as german language . 
   yeah but they think they would live like western europeans which is wrong , they would live like modern greeks or portuguese then again it depends on a country , baltic states would have ended up as austrians . 
  because of soviet occupation lithuania could have had +6 million people instead of less than 3 million . 
  russia was n't even half of population of su , it would been harder to win against nazis , but possible without russians . 
  funniest part is that modern russia resembles fascist state very well . 
  all we need is : [ mindaugas ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/lt/7/7f/karalius_mindaugas.jpg ) , the iron wolf , the king in the north !, 
  [ you can not escape your fate , no man can . 
  accept the gayness in you . 
   ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x7ej_ngqnrk ), 
  and yet uk campaign were putting their guts out to stay in union while promoting to gtfo from eu . 
  hypocrisy at it 's finest . 
  lithuanians are anti-gay because of religious belief and conservatism on `` what is family '' , not because of soviet influence . 
  after uk leaves eu i 'm sure they will . 
  the vote was close , also uk promised scotland that they will stay in eu , look how that turned out . 
  same about n. ireland and scotland yet uk insist them to stay . 
  you ca n't read or what ? 
  but then chechen wants to leave rf it 's okay for rf to use force against them . 
  typical western , putin 's ass kisser . 
   interesting , how many lithuanians were there in prussia ? 
   really ? 
  western lithuania was lutheran ?? 
  [ lithuania in mid xix c. ] ( http://i.imgur.com/a6u4rgb.jpg )  the prussian lithuanians or lietuvininkai ( singular : lietuvininkas , plural : lietuvininkai ) are a western lithuanian ethnic group , originally lithuanian language speakers who inhabited a territory in east prussia called prussian lithuania or lithuania minor , ( lithuanian : pr\u016bs\u0173 lietuva , ma\u017eoji lietuva , german : preu\u00dfisch-litauen , kleinlitauen ) in contrast to the grand duchy of lithuania and later the republic of lithuania ( lithuania major or proper ) . 
  prussian lithuanians contributed greatly to the development of written lithuanian , which for a long time was considerably more widespread and in more literary use in their land than in lithuania proper . 
   unlike most lithuanians , who remained roman catholic after the protestant reformation , most lietuvininkai became lutheran-protestants ( evangelical-lutheran ) . 
   there were 121,345 speakers of lithuanian in the prussian census of 1890 . 
  almost all fled or were expelled after world war ii , when east prussia was divided between poland and the soviet union . 
  the northern part became the kaliningrad oblast , while the southern part was attached to poland . 
  only the small klaip\u0117da region ( german : memelland ) was attached to lithuania . 
  it has nothing to do with soviet influence considering how much our youth and old were very anti-soviet , it was rather a religious catholicism , aka total conservatism . 
  that still means that russia is sheltering murderers from prosecution . 
  disgraceful . 
   traffic accident yeah traffic accident when people stand in front of tanks to not let them move near strategic building e.g. 
  radio , tv towers so they would n't get false information . 
   examples of war crimes include intentionally killing civilians ... [ guess what soviet soldiers did in lithuania . 
  ] ( https://miepvonsydow.files.wordpress.com/2015/03/11.jpg ), 
  russians did n't want to remove their army until 1994 , by foreign pressure . 
  that still does n't excuse them for sheltering people who committed war crimes . 
   they will get rid of it when they stop persecuting journalists , being corrupted shithole full of oligarchs , repent for burning of 40 + people in odessa and calling them leptinotarsa decemlineata . 
  i 'm talking about lithuania and january events ... or in russian eyes we 're same as ukraine ? 
   at the same time ukrainians are ok with shelling cities and burning people . 
  and russians are ... 
  very far from ideal also , just to not look like a one-sided propagandist . 
  yeah , yeah ... russia good , ukraine mordor , we get it ... lol, 
  til that all three baltic states tried to join but were opposed by every nordic country other than iceland ( plus lithuanian government actually expressed that it was not willing to join nordics ) . 
  but times change , so do politics . 
  one got rid of it 's soviet past , the other still sheltering murders who ran over people with tanks . 
  most of lithuanian youth emigrated , while old people from soviet times are still breathing . 
  those old people feel connected to their past , not present . 
  that does n't make paedophilia okay and comparing it to homosexuality make it look like that the guy is a bigot . 
  it 's not only about nazism , but communism and catholic cunts . 
  go f. yourself . 
  what 's wrong being homosexual ? 
  good ol' communism , comrade . 
  not only destroy 's your economy , but also creates a social degradation , thank god we 're slowly reaching up west . 
  thank you mr skeltal for good bones and calcium, 
   most eastern europeans will never blame themselves for anything . 
  what we should be blame on ourselves , brainwashed older generation that is as much racist and homophobic as half of england ? 
  because most people are still old generation . 
   finland is russia . 
  you really try to reason with this guy ? 
   latvia and lithuania do n't claim to be nordic countries . 
  we do n't claim it like mad dogs , but if given a chance we would like to join it . 
  then why the hell do you compare paedophilia to homosexuality . 
   perhaps cuturally was n't the right word next time to research before pulling things out of your ass . 
   but please , you were part of the communist sphere of influence and now we 're part of western sphere of influence , so what ? 
   the moment we actually started making the clear political distinction between west and east . 
  it was specifically used for cold war era . 
  i do n't understand why people are so clingy to this term west/east , makes no sense considering modern and past times . 
   what western sphere of influence ? 
  teutonic order , livonian order , swedes , danes , germans etc. 
  even poles were influenced by western countries , why do you think we 're catholic/lutheran protestant and not eastern orthodox . 
  religion played major role in cultural influence . 
  riga/vilnius looks nothing alike to minsk/kiev or moscow/saint petersburg . 
   eastern europe was everything which was east of elba river . 
  east of frankish kingdoms . 
  where second serfdom started in high medieval ages . 
  what did you just said makes 0 sense . 
   there were profound economical and state/governing structure differences which lasted for centuries . 
  that somehow defines geographical regions ? 
  dude , what . . ? 
   lithuanians are more common culturally and mentality wise with belorussians , ukrainians and poles , even russians , than with british , french , dutch etc. 
  and your source on that is ? 
  btw poles are not e. european . 
   to deny that shows how much inferiority complexes you have . 
  i have no inferiority complex , i just hate when people put wrong labels in different historical periods . 
  these modern times we 're talking about , not bloody `` middle ages '' or cold war . 
   western vs. eastern europe is both a geographical and cultural identifier . 
  we 're culturally closer to germany than we are to russia . 
  we always been politically allied with west , not russia . 
   western vs. eastern europe is both a geographical and cultural identifier . 
  ** in the more political/cultural sense , you are eastern europe , not west or north . 
  ** might as well start reading about culture and political history of the baltics , because you 're clearly uneducated in this matter . 
  also people should be really educated about the matter . 
  the less homophobic people , the better . 
   inb4 `` it 's only the older soviet generation '' , younger people are even more homophobic and aggressive .
