  http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-40479224 here is quote from one of the migrant : '' * most of them could n't survive here . 
  they ca n't accept the difference [ between incomes in latvia and germany ] . 
  lots of them borrowed money to get to europe and they need to pay it back , '' said mekharena . 
  he himself paid people smugglers $ 3,000 . 
  * ''  so ... to avoid drowning people in the mediterranean , we need to have more people drown in the mediterranean ? 
  stopping migrant route would shut down ... migrant route ... 
  which would mean people wo n't risk their lives to migrate to europe . 
  while keeping migrant route open means that people will keep risking their lives just to pass mediterranean sea . 
  hurr durr red terror , ethnic cleansing , femines , stalinism all worth it for classless society that in the end made us more poor than ever . 
  what ever you say commie-lover . 
  what exactly he 's trying to do ? 
  i 'm a single pleb just like him who has different opinions on migrant crisis . 
  which is exactly why i do n't support quota system , massive influx of muslims who refuse to integrate but want to leech off from state will not make local population happy . 
   work with problems once they arise . 
  and realistically , unless we do what you imply - massive destruction of migrant life - it will never stop - you are right on that . 
  massive destruction of migrant life ? 
  what ? 
  they can create their lives and fight for it , the only thing i see in them is [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/2rcn3ra.jpg ) , i do n't bitch about my life in lithuania , i have a lot of possibilities to work in uk , but i refused . 
   do n't expect that anyone gets a free pass the next time around . 
  free pass from what ? 
  those people fought commies , not jews or slavs , they fought the first invader , just like nazis supported finns during winter war . 
   that is a comment thread about an article that 's behind a paywall - which seems to be about italy willing to ignore maritime law . 
  italy borders are protected by italian law , illegal migration is not allowed anywhere in the world . 
  as ngo 's are not ignoring maritime law by taking migrants from libya 's coast and then human trafficking them to europe , while making a good amount of buck from it , how great of you to support this kind of monstrosity , guess several dozens dead bodies in van or drowning in the sea was not enough for you guys to stop supporting human trafficking . 
  [ sorry poland , it 's time to sleep . 
  [ i guess poles also collaborated in killing poles in poland . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/katyn_massacre ), 
  yeah , you 're right . 
  already gave you one . 
  i 'm not saying it should seize to exist , i 'm just saying there is work to do in fixing some issues . 
  accept it , lithuanians best kings of poland !, 
  even pilsudski had lithuanian bloodline and he saved you from them soviets !, 
   i did n't call you a fascist , i suspected that you might be . 
  and about your username ... 
  i have heard there 's a sizeable nazi-paraphernalia subculture in gay culture . 
  i guess these black uniforms really are dapper . 
   first time i hear this thing is even a thing . 
  considering myself fascist would go against my values . 
  but i do idolize [ german militarism and discipline ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/erwin_rommel ) which in most cases involve nazi period . 
   i wo n't hold my breath if i were you . 
  we are n't parasiting a thing from you , it 's germany 's and especially nordic 's geopolitical goal to have rich and stable baltic states . 
   ah , have someone other do the murdering for us . 
  outsorcing . 
  very nice . 
  maybe we need some lithuanian elite diplomats , because obviously noone in germany ever thought about that before and our diplomats all are incompetent / s ( hint : guess why we were n't friends of getting rid of gadhaffi ? ), 
  what plan do you suggest ? 
  taking refugees and pouring eu with quotas , which will never stop . 
  we need to stop it somehow . 
   intent is not as important as effect once it 's nuremberg trial time again . 
  you would know . 
  different people have different ideologies . 
      in 1946 , the nuremberg tribunal declared the waffen-ss to be a criminal organization , ** making an exception of people who had been forcibly conscripted ** . 
  throughout the post-war years , the ** allies would apply this exception to the soldiers of the latvian legion and the estonian legion ** . 
  the us displaced persons commission in september 1950 declared that :   `` the baltic waffen ss units ( baltic legions ) are to be considered as separate and distinct in purpose , ideology , activities , and qualifications for membership from the german ss , and therefore ** the commission holds them not to be a movement hostile to the government of the united states ** . '', 
   i am saying that there is no proof that there are ngos involved in that kind of business [ are you sure ? 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6k0w6a/italy_threatens_to_block_foreign_boats_with/ ), 
  i 'm not against nationalism , contrary , i 'm quite supportive of it . 
  though fascism/nazism is ultimate far-right wing ideology and nationalist love to idolize it most because it 's has most racist and protective nature for national state 's existence . 
  it 's hard to find people who are in middle ground , since you have to either satisfy one side , or another . 
  ancient times = / = modern times . 
  with 300 horsemen you could conquer a big ass land . 
   surprise , surprise : germans , italians and french peopel do n't want economic migrants either . 
  it 's not something you get to choose . 
  i know , which is why , as i said , want to see unified eu army and navy , so we could help them out , instead of doing this never ending loop of quota system which rather promotes migrants to risk their lives than stopping the flow . 
   see how you survive without us . 
  pretty sure we would , it 's not like is a devil . 
   the only people i hear talking about an invitation are right-wing nutjobs who willfully misinterpret a situation for their own political gains . 
  as merkel did n't start open-border and was n't nick named `` mutti '' ? 
   so i am blunt : are you , by chance , a fascist ? 
  - [ mfw  ( http://media.boingboing.net/wp-content/uploads/2016/11/bcf.png )   my reddit nickname   someone calls me fascist i 'm just a guy that is worried more about my own , my families , my friends , my countrymen safety . 
   we can hold a lot more . 
  the quota system is for the benefit of italy , spain and greece . 
  yes i heard how all the migrants have phd 's in medicine and engineering . 
   eventually , the ee will have to learn that if you want the benefits of eu memberships ( and , let 's be honest : it 's money , money , money ) , it has to carry some of it 's burdens . 
  noone needs parasites in the middle to long term . 
  really parasites ? 
  you do realize we also pay membership fee ? 
  it 's that we 're benefiting from european projects more than you , ~ 30 years to come and we will be the ones that will be paying more money than getting . 
  i 'm all for european solidarity , though i 'm against quota system , it will only work once we stop massive flow of economic migrants into europe . 
   how many migrants are you willing to personally murder ? 
  do you need a gun , or will a knive do ? 
  or you know make a deal with some country and send them back to where they came from , while jailing ngo 's for illegal human trafficking . 
  i do n't want to kill people , but at same time i do n't want to see human trafficking becoming a daily lifestyle for europe and mena . 
   another one of those right-wing nutjob theories . 
  how is that a right wing nutjob theory ? 
  are you saying that people from mena are not paying money to be transported to europe illegally ? 
  yeah , except poles see plc as polish empire and our magnates as polish magnates , they were part of szlachta , they were as much as our nobility as it was yours , there was nothing lithuanian left in them any way , they were fully polonized . 
   again , you can see you lithuanian ignorance here : `` we were also plc , but all bad things were done by poles '' . 
  the law worked because poles had either weak or friendly neighbours . 
  the quota system is flawed , lithuanians do n't want economic migrants because of all the terror attacks and rapes that happens in w. europe , migrants do n't want to be relocated here because they though they will live in german paradise where they give you everything for free . 
  i 'd say germany 's membership is flawed with invitation of migrants and then they ca n't hold any more start forcing and bitching about not taking `` their share '' . 
  i rather see united european army and navy to protect external eu border from further ngo human trafficking . 
  pretty much . 
  nature is actually the more driving force towards difference in europe . 
  similar culture is the only reason why such newly established identity - european manage to even hold a ground . 
  especially after european migrant crisis nationalists are just flowing through internet . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wzrauj3dgju https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gjpi6tmiqco, 
  we 're not the ones that created this horrific right . 
  which is why i want eu army to happen asap , also eu navy , so we could protect external eu borders and protect countries such as italy and greece from ngo 's that take part in human trafficking . 
  [ because there are reasons for that ?
