  [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nbpa4ilbjq8 ) is simple history of lithuania , sadly it 's in lithuanian languages . 
  only after 1569 when we started losing territory . 
  and actually we were n't ruled by the polish , most of influential commonwealth 's nobility was from lithuanian and ruthenian lands , their culture just was dominant . 
  we 're different as day and night . 
   religion explains why grass is there , and why it works like that in the first place . 
  what ?? 
  again , grass is there because of biology and physics happened when earth was born , not because some kind of being snapped his finger and boom , life on earth . 
  but ... broliukas ... ^ time ^ ^ to ^ ^ ^ get ^ ^ ^ ^ rope ... 
  with latvia why not , with estonia , hell no . 
  there a bit of sun too . 
  no snow in north central lithuania . 
  give . 
  your . 
  warmth . 
  there is no snow in north central part of lithuania . 
  ; ~ ; edit : jk after 43 mins it started to snow . 
  why would we need chinese investments when we get those from eu ? 
  nah , estonia has identity disorder , bad for business . 
   you guys did n't even resist in 1940 . 
  like a girl saying `` no , please no '' but at the same time thinking `` come on , fuck me harder '' . 
  i know in russia raping and beating wife is acceptable , but please do n't bring your cavemen narration into civilized parts of the world . 
   if lithuania would n't want to become part of the ussr , it would fight like finland did . 
  you know lithuania is on plain lands , it does n't have rough terrain that finland did which was one of the biggest reasons why they manage to survive soviet invasion . 
  our president did want a complete defensive war against ussr , but our government did n't , fearing higher percentage of casualty and they knew well we could n't sustain a long term war and allying with nazi germany was impossible , poland fell under two genocidal regimes . 
  there was no way of victory for us . 
  besides we did fight as finns did after we realized soviets are worse than nazis . 
  [ we fought ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lithuanian_partisans ) against ussr for 9 years , hoping america and west would invade ussr to free half of europe . 
   so please stop your whining , or i will remind you that lithuania annexed russian lands when we were occupied by mongols for several centuries . 
  those were not russian lands , those were ruthenian lands . 
  besides we took those lands from mongol empire/golden horde , ruthenians were more than pleased on being part of grand duchy of lithuania . 
  besides russia back then was just muscovy , satellite state for golden horde , already disconnected with other ruthenians . 
  besides maybe i should remind you dozens of war crimes your country men have committed , like , you know raping 2 million german women ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kingdom_of_lithuania_ ( 1918 ) same happened in lithuania , it 's pretty much germany trying to set up pro-german post war states that finally escaped russian empire . 
  shhh belgium it 's all kongo now . 
  what about sigismund iii vasa , plc controlled livonia during his reign . 
  selling soul for a devil . 
  ussr did n't care if lithuania had vilnius attached or not , they invaded and annexed us . 
  that same enemy killed thousand of lithuanians so piss off if you think we should be grateful to ussr . 
  every commie can burn in hell . 
  there are no arguments on god 's existence either , so why believe in something that does n't exist ? 
  fun fact : we borrowed some letters from your alphabet to distungish ourselves from poles and `` rzeczpospolita / \u017de\u010dpospolita '' past . 
  says a guy with his own beliefs that `` god must exist '' even if you do n't believe in it . 
  and it 's you . 
  what is right and wrong does n't mean i 'm enforcing , telling you not to kill does n't mean it will stop you from killing for your `` god '' . 
  or you 're retarded , what it has to do with 10k years ago , things exist because they 're proven , god does n't exist because it 's not a proven fact . 
  i 'm not forcing , i 'm telling what is right and wrong . 
  you can believe in your spaghetti meatball god , that does n't mean it 's existence is true . 
  which makes my point stand , religion is unnecessary thing , removing it from society is our future . 
  there is no dick measuring , only your delusion . 
  your perspective is not proven scientifically , which makes it false . 
  there is no such a thing as god , there is such a thing as more evolved being , which stupid ass over clocked monkey e.g. 
  religious human being would look at like it is some kind of god . 
  there are aliens somewhere in deep space , but not gods . 
  which is biology and physics ( simulation of cone cells in the human eye by electromagnetic radiation in the spectrum of light let us see the colours ) , not `` god 's '' work . 
  they do exist , because i 'm being made of atoms , it 's science with proven facts . 
  it 's a unit . 
  magnets are prime examples of atoms attracting each other . 
  which is stupid thing to keep . 
  you do n't need to believe in god to have good sense of morale . 
  without a proof ? 
  evolution of both earth and life on earth and other places is your proof . 
  it would n't have taken billions of years to create all of this if such thing called `` god '' existed . 
  we 're not alien specie experiment , we 're evolved life form . 
   i do not want to enforce it , nor should you force your atheism on others , or insult others for their belief . 
  i 'm not insulting anybody , let alone enforcing , i 'm just denying god 's existence due the facts . 
   hose miracles : the green grass , the tall trees , the cold wind and the vast ocean . 
  those happened because of physics and biology . 
  not because of god . 
  winter comes when axis of the earth in northern hemisphere is being oriented away from the sun , unlike southern hemisphere . 
  that does n't mean that you 're right . 
  if you believe in evolution and so on , what makes you think higher being exist , what it 's purpose ? 
  it has none because it does n't exist to begin with . 
  there is no such thing as god , it never existed , never showed up , never gave us any sign , how can you believe in something that does n't exist . 
  you can see sun , you can touch tree , those things exist because you can observe them . 
  i have huge doubts in something that is not observable , that 's about it . 
  you can believe in your fairy tale of higher being pulling strings on what are you saying , i actually do n't care any more . 
   i do believe in god . 
  good for you as long as you do n't enforce it onto others or your children . 
   i see the miracles he created every time i open my eyes . 
  and those are ? 
  blame nobles that tried to impose this on every art piece . 
   because i think people are entitled to their beliefs no matter how ridiculous they are . 
  my god believes in extermination of all serbs . 
  are you okay with that when i launch cult against serbs ? 
  because what you said is ridiculous . 
   some believe theory of evolution is a scam . 
  because they 're too idiotic to look up on facts and proofs . 
  humanity is just over clocked monkeys , that 's about it . 
   some believe it 's true , and they do n't believe god created everything , but do believe there is some kind of a god . 
  they can believe in what ever spaghetti monster they want , as long as they do n't interrupt daily life of normal people with those blasphemy laws . 
   if they do n't believe of theory of evolution it 's their own stupidity , not any of my business . 
  which is terrible idea to let them stay within stupidity range , they 're people , people that vote for representatives , people who could help maniac do his bidding . 
   all of the firm believers i know do not suffer of mental disorder , they simply believe and it 's their right to do so . 
  good for them . 
  i never said they should n't believe in what ever they want , i said religion should be deleted as normal thing . 
   and i 'm not defending religion , i 'm defending people 's right to it without being unnecessarily ridiculed by people who have opposite beliefs to theirs . 
  except my beliefs do n't involve in fairy tales . 
   how would you feel if i ridiculed you for liking `` ladyboys '' ? 
  i would n't give two shits , because i do n't express it to other people , i do n't force my own liking onto them . 
  go read charles darwin if you want proof .
