   he taught history in a important american non-russiaphilic university for years and that book was published by oxford . 
  he was a very valuable scholar . 
  i know it is hard for you to not being able to even smell good schools but do n't be disrepsectful to his achievements . 
  never heard of him , do n't care about him . 
  again . 
  this whininess turns stale so quickly . 
  i 'd say you fuck off with your russophilia , trying to convince me that russian empire was nice and dandy flowers and not a backward shithole that was practically prison of nations . 
  [ they may take our lives , but they will never take , our freedom !, 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eastern_european_anti-communist_insurgencies ), 
  lenkija taking over us again , stupid teutons . 
  moneta ( - os ) mean specifically coin ( - s ) in lithuanians . 
  yeah , you had it rougher than us . 
   and miners ? 
  miners are not millions of people . 
   this is a poor sum up of the dissolution of the soviets . 
  i did not add up other internal factors , like shit economy for a start , with factories that could not compete with western standards etc. 
  it 's clear as day ussr was destined to collapse when you put all your money into army trying to play catch game with usa who is powerhouse . 
   do n't be disrespectful you little shit . 
  russians fought competently against austrians and germans . 
  so you 're going to use insults now ? 
  i do n't give a shit about russians , they occupied and oppressed my nation , my own family member died by russian hands because he fought for independent lithuania . 
  the only reasons russians declared war on austria was not because it wanted to help serbia but because it sought long to establish itself in the balkans , after all romanians do n't have that nice of experience of `` russian helping hand '' . 
   germans could n't continue on their near accidental ( very funny story ) victory at the start . 
  what accidental victory ? 
  russians got completely owned there , russia did n't had equipment for it 's own men . 
  tanks , snipers etc. 
  were being invented while russia was still backwards shit hole with internal turmoil because people got enough of their shit government . 
   riasanovsky 's `` a history of russia '' , whilst after your previous comment first thing i saw that uses backwards was this : `` coming from a still pagan and relatively isolated and culturally backward area , the ruling circles of lithuania eagerly accepted the culture of kievan russia . '', 
  russian writing russophilic books about history of russia ( thanks but no ) . 
  even again russia was just province of kievan rus ' , belarus and ukraine have more right to that state 's cultural heritage than russia . 
   ja , ja russians were the devil . 
  russians are not the devils , but their state and government always are . 
  even today . 
   well saying roman empire is greek even worse . 
  i 'm not saying roman empire was greek , but was dominated by greeks under byzantium ( easter roman empire ) . 
   just like how one would call greece as a province under the romans during the 3rd century . 
  greek land was occupied by ottoman empire and venetia . 
  just like germany and russia occupied poland during xix century . 
  123 years . 
  more than enough to leave bad history , with high political russian historical figures that would be nick named `` hangman of vilnius '' ,, 
  all three were our creations . 
  after teutonic order 's conquest of old prussia becoming nemesis of duchy of lithuania . 
  duchy of lithuanian ( for short time kingdom ) absorbing ruthenian lands from mongol empire ( specifically golden horde ) becoming grand duchy of lithuania , even technically several grand dukes called themselves kings when writing letters to pope , vytautas was actually to become king instead of grand duke , but polish noble men intervened and delayed caravan which had crown in it , vytautas died shortly before it came . 
  making the gh weaker unleashed the grand principality of muscovites from mongol horde control . 
  gpm became main rival against ruthenian lands , early wars were very successful , but later ones after vytautas death became unsuccessful which is why we were brought towards creating polish-lithuanian commonwealth . 
  after beating teutonic order in battle of grunwald it stopped being a major threat in the region , years later the military order would seize to exist and duchy of prussia would be established as vassal state of poland/plc ( which would seize to exist if not russia changing sides in iirc one of the northern ' wars ) setting up the state that would grow out of control just like russia . 
  and well , you know about austria. ,, 
   every state ends . 
  do n't get too romantic for a heritage that you do n't share . 
  romans certainly had a amazing run . 
  you do realize i 'm talking about greeks becoming oppressed under foreign occupation ? 
   do n't use words like occupation for three hundred years . 
  it is silly . 
  what word you would use then ? 
  because not calling greeks occupied under ottoman/venetian rule is silly . 
   certainly siberia did n't brought the end of the russian empire or the soviets . 
  do n't be ridiculous . 
  because nobody lived in that place ( no need for infrastructure ) , other than exiled people who lived in wooden huts . 
  central asian republics wanted ussr to keep alive but it would been huge economical burden to russia . 
   russia 's position was strong as you would remember from the wars . 
  what position exactly ? 
  what wars ? 
  in ww1 they barely breach prussia and got steam rolled by germans , though in ww1 imperial german high command was smart enough to not overextend like nazi germany did , guess why . 
   and france was miles behind britain in the terms of agricultural population . 
  so was france is backwards ? 
  i ask again . 
  jesus christ ask any historian about imperial russia , every single one of them will say it was backwards , because it had both poor social and economical infrastructure , it was shit empire to be part off . 
  well and i 'm saying both ottomans and venetians are shitters for destroying eastern roman empire and setting up greeks to be occupied . 
   have you ever heard a word `` ethnic minority '' ? 
  yes no different than polish one or german one , what makes you feel russians are special than those two prior ? 
   so im right , balts dream of monoethnic baltic countries with no `` wrong '' nations there . 
  you will not succeed , holocaust 2.0 and genetically pure lithuania will be just your dream you think a lithuanian will understand what a russian will say him to in russian ? 
  that 's why minority takes lithuanian language tests so they could have basic understand of the language and integrate easily into society . 
  for your miss informed information lithuanians gave citizenship to everyone , not caring what language they spoke or what ethnicity they were . 
  and for further information i have russian neighbours whose kid was my childhood 's best friend , all of their family members spoke perfect lithuanian , both parents worked in train depo . 
  with other lithuanians without any ethnic tensions , russians are insanely well integrated in lithuanian society , far more than polish are . 
  then again , i 'm laughing at you , you support russification , but god forbid latvians do n't give citizenship to people who refuse to acknowledge that latvia is independent nation . 
  it still took up to 1994 to get the russian army bases out of our country . 
  thank god we had president who was lithuanian-american which manage to get elected twice , he succeed in getting us into both nato and eu . 
  it has nothing to do with orthodox lands , warsaw confederation and grand duchy of lithuania being ruled by pagan nobility was real proponent why it was tolerant compare to european counter parts . 
  we were extraordinary but at same time most socially developing nation of europe , hell we had second oldest and first in europe constitution ( constitution of may 3 , 1791 ) before getting systematically mauled by three surrounding powers . 
   woe to the ink that has been spilled . 
  infrastructure is hard to be built when territory covers huge swaths of land and population density is low . 
  moscow and st. petersburg is the only region of russia that does n't look like mordor . 
   backward is a arbitrary term . 
  backward for me means being behind most of the nations at same size or position . 
  france , g. britain were still miles ahead on industrialization compare to russia that was still agricultural serfdom . 
  when why say that ottomans were better ? 
  what stops you from saying that both ottomans and venetians deserved to piss off from greek land ? 
  soviets were nothing compare to russian empire . 
  but both apply any way . 
   the ussr imploding border guards getting killed by soviet special forces ( wearing sneakers , no joke ) , un-armed lithuanians civilians getting driven over by soviet tanks , yeah sure , no blood , ussr went down peacefully ... 
   latvia is ruled by latvian nationalists ( i do n't call them fascists or nazis ) whose dream is to make monoethnic latvia . 
  funny words coming from russian . 
  if they 're your people why do n't you shelter them at your home and help them settle back in russia ? 
  that would be a great start for both of our countries . 
   make them citizens then . 
   make me citizen of canada , because i say so ... do you realize how dumb that sounds ? 
  lol, 
  it 's not up to us who elect , it 's up to you , you think we asked usa what president we should elect ?
