  i was learning french back in gymnasium days , after several years i realized i made a mistake once i listened to german language . 
   even if i prefer the german language to russian ( sorry , russians , but i 've tried learning russians for years , but the language is just fubar ) . 
  me too . 
  not the first time i hear that . 
  i mean , before war hitler wanted lithuania to be nazi germany 's ally , he was spewing bs like we 're close to master race and so on , only after we finally gave him last middle finger with refusing to invade poland from the north did we really fell in his eyes . 
  also :  alfred rosenberg , minister for the occupied territories in the east , was of the opinion that the balts would become loyal subjects of the german reich and should be allowed to retain their language and autonomy . 
  there was the expectation that `` germanization '' should proceed peacefully , i.e. 
  by enforcing the usage of german language for the higher administration levels and within the ss officer corps . 
  nazi german 's might have gave us easier time for that . 
   good communist = dead communist . 
  there is no good communist . 
  oh my , i 'm shivering just by watching it . 
  how is that an factual statement ? 
  did you asked every lithuanian what they think about swastika ? 
  you 're doing as much assumption as the other guy does . 
   * lithuanian here . 
  we are all pretty much used to swastika 's here * also you 're twisting his words . 
   that 's not the topic , someone said liths are tots cool with swastikas , i objected . 
  i 'm totally cool with swastika as long as it used for pagan cultural resemble , not nazism or fascism . 
  you have your opinion , we have ours . 
  do not change the topic , nazis and their lithuanian collaborationists killed lithuanian jews , that 's a fact . 
  what we 're talking about is pagan , lithuanian symbolism being implemented into japanese prefecture flag , this has nothing to do with fascism or nazism or that period ( ww2 ) at all . 
  we 're forbidden to use pagan symbols because nazis used it for their symbolism ? 
  what it has to do with context ? 
  we 're talking about pagan symbols , swastika is a pagan symbol , this thread does n't indicate anything that goes with fascism or nazism , you 're just showing your butthurt . 
  til pagans were nazis and fascists . 
  iirc in poland pilsudski also took over as authoritarian leader at same year . 
  [ relevant . 
  pagan swasitka has nothing to do with nazism or fascism stop being so butthurt . 
  you missed the joke . 
  are you sure you 're not german on discount ? 
   `` bread soda ? '' . 
    oh and do n't forget kibinai which are really similar to argentine empanadas yeah those are cool , though it 's not lithuanian national dish , it 's our crimean turkic minorities that settled here ~ 600 years ago that were rewarded with patch of land for their service in grand duchy 's army . 
  happy to see that you had fun in lithuania , welcome any time again . 
  first of all , there was no such thing as axis during ww1 , there was central powers vs entente . 
  second they lost [ access ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/41/map_of_bulgaria_after_treaty_of_neuilly-sur-sein\u0435-en.svg/1200px-map_of_bulgaria_after_treaty_of_neuilly-sur-sein\u0435-en.svg.png ) to a second sea . 
  even if it is offensive kremlin is at guilt for creating animosity towards russians . 
  not to say you 're wrong , but poland was pretty imperilistc with it 's ambitions , if it was n't it 's ties with west i 'm sure they would have gone rogue as nazi germany and ussr did . 
  once you face with nazism and communism you really start thinking that it was better back then before war . 
  also it used to be at least half german . 
  we were n't radical that 's the thing , only authoritarian for internal security reasons . 
  yeah , we were first nation in europe that jailed nazis ( mostly due to dispute over klaip\u0117da / memel ) . 
  forth reich . 
  the next reich must always be bigger . 
  i think people would n't recognize it then . 
  make polish head of state lithuanian again . 
  [ you tell us . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/33/northern_europe_november_1939.png ), 
  then they should have done same with italy as fascist , since our authoritarian ruler did n't fallow radical policies that of lithuanian nationalist union party and ex-friend augustinas voldemaras who was orator of party and leader of radical iron wolf org . 
  ( gele\u017einis vilkas/voldemarininkai ) that tried and failed to do a coup d'\u00e9tat for fascist regime in interwar lithuania against a. smetona . 
  i think i lost you , there were roaming vikings in e. europe , but they were n't from e. europe . 
  and those were ? 
  so what did you said , that e. europeans are vikings ? 
   how can we be more connected and integrated to the european union ? 
  join [ eurovision ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v6qst8qp9ck ) like australia did . 
  :p  what can a young argentinian , who has an eu citizenship , do to meet people from europe , travel and work there ? 
  probably only if you have some kind of connections or have dual citizenship e.g. 
  those lithuanians that escaped soviet occupation and let 's say settled in argentina they and their children are eligible to obtain lithuanian citizenship even though dual citizenship is not allowed in lithuania . 
   how much of roman history do you learn in highschool ? 
  pretty much like everything else , from civilizations existence to modern times . 
   which kind of stereotypes exist in your country about argentina ? 
  football and well ... place where nazis fled or something like that . 
   in argentina after end highschool almost always the entire classroom decide to travel to bariloche . 
  in your country after highschool everyone agree to travel to some place ? 
  which one ? 
  there is no such thing as travelling with class , only during french teacher wanted to bring her pupils to france , most of us travel during summer any way like thailand , egypt , greece , spain , croatia . 
  but i loved my everyday schnitzel back in my gymnasium days . 
   good morning , how is everyone doing on the other side of the pond ? 
  pretty fine , thanks . 
    how do microstates ( liechtenstein , malta , monaco and the like ) survive these days ? 
  economically speaking of course . 
  they seem to be alive and kicking with no sign of disappearing any time soon . 
  what 's the secret ? 
  * as a result , they have adopted special economic policies , typically involving low levels of taxation and few restrictions on external financial investment . 
  malta is a full member of the european union , while the other five european microstates have obtained special relations with the european union . 
  many of the microstates have also entered into a customs union with their larger neighbours to improve their economic situation ( vatican city and san marino with italy , liechtenstein with switzerland , monaco with france ) . 
  most of them lack clearly marked borders ; for example , monaco forms a continuous metropolitan area with its neighboring french communes ( the largest being beausoleil ) and has many streets running across or even along the border . 
   what do i need to enter your country ? 
  argentina and eu are visa-free , therefore you can enter lithuania without much of a hassle . 
   what places i cant miss ? 
  curionian spit , kaunas , klaip\u0117da , vilnius old towns , trakai island castle , as fellow roman catholic you could also visit hill of crosses many gothic churches , there are many places sadly i ca n't name them all . 
   should i rent a car ? 
  i do n't think that necessary unless you will need to drive to country side which most likely you will if you want to visit historical buildings . 
   how many days should i stay ? 
  as much as you want !, 
  as long as it makes you happy . 
   any other ideas for my 2018 eurotrip ? 
  never put stereotypes on people , remember you 're in europe , we get heated when something bad is said bad about us . 
  those that created kievan rus ' were not slavic vikings , they were vikings , but not slavic . 
   where are you from and how are argentinians seen in your country ? 
  i 'm from lithuania ( lietuva ) , as far as i know argentinians are not seen in bad light , since argentina was one of the main destinations for lithuanians to escape tsarist russia 's oppression during mid xix c.  what 's the best place to visit on holidays ? 
  that depends what you want to see , if beach i would recommend curonian spit , if old towns , well vilnius our capital is place for you or maybe you want something strange and orthodox like gr\u016btas park where all left-overs of old soviet statues are stored . 
   what 's the best food on the continent ? 
  it 's hard to tell , there are many wonderful dishes . 
   where can you find the prettiest women in europe ? 
  then again depends on your own preferinces , you want tall amazon women ? 
  go to the netherlands , if you want a blonde , visit any [ n. european country ] ( http://i.imgur.com/goo27w2.png ) , if you want red haired go for ireland or scotland etc. 
  i thought you were one and the same / s, 
  of course not , i was joking . 
  well you 're ethnically french , but your nationality is belgian/wallonian .
