read again what i wrote . 
   that 's horrible . 
  why do n't you go somewhere where they wo n't enslave you ? 
  because i would be imprisoned by lithuanian law for 6 months , i rather learn useful skills to survive and sabotage invading force than jerk off myself in a cell . 
   i 'm not sure what your 're talking about . 
  hazing was widespread in the ussr and russian military , but not in serbia . 
  are you sure ? 
  if he 's your buddy , i do n't have a good starting opinion of him . 
  i for one , love it here . 
  i have n't talked with him in a long , but i know he 's highly educated , 4 years ago we used to play video games together . 
  and from what i understand , he would rather live in my country , than his . 
   so you served in the army and took orders , yet you did n't choose it . 
  were you a slave ? 
  slave ? 
  technically yes . 
  else i 'll have to sit in jail for 6 months . 
   funny that you called me out for that , since i did my share of giving orders as well . 
  like hazing right ? 
  i have a buddy in serbia , he hates living in it . 
   their geographic position makes them indefensible . 
  that 's why we 're not heavily militirized , we need detterence and that 's about it . 
  800 men are nothing to usa 's $ 598 billion military budget . 
  most of your money is used in middle east . 
  yes , i 'm forced to serve for 9 months , i did n't choose it . 
  but your beloved russia caused lithuania to enforce conscription again . 
  not any more , but you were . 
   you 're like an impotent friend of a school bully . 
  you can cheer for the bully , but you ca n't throw a punch . 
  that 's you , who serves in the army and takes orders . 
  yes , unstable baltics is useful for sweden , poland , finland , germany , eurozone , whole of europe ... nato is needed for us to contain russia , nato needs member states to ensure stability in the region . 
  again go learn the basics of economy . 
  nordics benefit from rich baltics , that 's why their banks invest tons of money here , so does germany , so does poland , it 's economically beneficial for all of them to grow as fast as possible . 
  we border kalinigrad , the most militirized region in europe , which is controlled by ancient rival who never gave up imperilistic ambitions . 
  nato is what contains russia from stepping on us . 
   is it fair for you to receive the same benefits , as say poland , which is a country with very serious military ? 
  yes , poland 's priority is to have lithuania as it 's ally , if you want lithuania out of nato , good luck convincing poland to allow that . 
   and what are they gaining from that , except training ? 
  our economy can recover on faster pace . 
  our average wage is twice as big as in serbia because of this . 
   so beneficial to russia as well ? 
  why would they cause instability , as you 're accusing them of ? 
  russia 's priority is not economy , they caused instability in georgia and ukraine . 
  they 're losing their influence over these countries , so they created frozen confilcts . 
  you gain nothing , germany does , and germany is important to usa . 
  you 're image is small . 
  of course no ... jesus . 
  ca n't you get a grip on such simple words as `` stable region '' it 's beneficial to whoever we border . 
   and how much would that help other countries ? 
  try to break one arrow with hand , pretty easy , try to break 30 arrows , break your own arm . 
  it does n't matter how much one nation contributes , but as whole alliance . 
   if the entirety of nato goes to war , how much does it matter if you do ? 
  a lot . 
  they commited on defending us , so did we . 
   depending on others to police your own airspace in peacetime ? 
  policing our own airspace would be economically disadvantagious since the ussr fucked our economy . 
  not until our economy recovers and reaches western european level it will not be worth it to police our own airspace , that 's why denmark , portugal etc. 
  take care of it , they can , because their gdp allows that . 
   what are you deterring russia from doing ? 
  invading our countries by using russian minority , like they already did in several countries . 
   what does russia wants to do , but you being in nato is preventing them to ? 
  annex our countries , destroy our culture , language and compeltly russify it like they always did and still do . 
  i 'm done , go kiss russian ass more . 
   i 'm not sure if you 're actually contributing anything to that . 
  our contribution is that we would go to war once our nato ally is attacked . 
  what kind of contribution you want ? 
  buying tanks and planes from our own gdp to other country ? 
   so what good are you ? 
  you ca n't even police your own airspace . 
  holy shit you 're more retarded than i thought . 
  they did , they were civilized people . 
  then again , you 're not worth to be polite with . 
   that answers the question of whom , but not against what . 
  both `` who '' and `` what '' will answer you one thing - russia . 
   what are you deterring russia from doing exactly ? 
  invading , like they did in georgia , moldova and now ukraine ? 
  you would be fool to trust russian word . 
   so , two or three million people in a foreign country matter how much exactly for germany ? 
  as much as in greece . 
  population has nothing to do with it . 
  stability of the region means , stability of eurozone , stability of eurozone means stability of german economy . 
   why ? 
  what do the other member states gain from protecting you ? 
  what did russia gain from going to war with austria-hungary ? 
  nothing , it 's alliance , commitment to keep status quo . 
  stability is the profit . 
   would you bomb us if you were ? 
  with what planes ? 
   what does that nato action has to do with protecting the member state 's independence ? 
  already told you , you have bias towards nato and try to downplay it , that 's about it . 
  i know from where you are , and i know who you were . 
  he 's serbian and was serving in the army when nato bombed yugoslavia , he has bias towards it . 
   of course they are , but nothing comes free , right ? 
  it is only logical that they would feel the need to demonstrate their value to the alliance , in order to receive help . 
  that 's why we join america in their fight against terrorism and support their foreign policy . 
   how do you feel about your handling of ukraine ? 
  ukraine is not part of nato , if nato helped , russia would go full ape . 
   deterrence of whom against what exactly ? 
  russia and it 's belarus ally . 
  who else . 
  poland is not a threat , finland is not a threat , sweden is not a threat .
