  you clearly do n't know what sparked the crusades . 
  why so much hate ? 
  he 's right . 
  you do n't need religion in modern day . 
  does anyone use it practice ? 
  i know there are religious nutjobs in usa , but here , in europe christianity is just cultural relic , nothing more . 
   remember the crusades ? 
  very well . 
   so they decided . 
  many keks xd, 
  states that still show their grievance towards soviet occupation . 
  with 6 toes ? 
  we do n't really need to be nordic , but we can tag along as baltoscandia . 
  for a good reason , your people were either calling us soviet/german puppet state or schizophrenic province of poland that will not survive as independent state . 
   you sound like one of those guys for whom being lithuanian means , in addition to other things , having as little to do with poland as possible . 
  nope . 
  i could give you many examples of why , but i do n't think it matters . 
   you are balts , not nordics , be proud of that and make the nords jealous of you some day . 
  of course we 're balts , not nordics , who said i 'm not proud of that ? 
  i just showed facts that makes us more geopolitically closer to nordics than with poland , if it was n't for russia , i think we would have turkish-greek relationship . 
  poland sneaks towards lithuania , lithuania screams in help but at same time in homoerotic moaning . 
  yep . 
  do n't you have some history with nordics e.g. 
  your capital ? 
  pretty sure the federation would have taken a superpower status . 
  remember this is before communism fucked over our countries . 
  by the way , first time i see polish being sceptic about intermarium , i thought you guys dreamed about it . 
  what 's the point of your existence ? 
  nobody is forcing you to do anything , you can fuck off if you want to . 
  you 're not the only one that is policing our airspace . 
  and yes we should . 
  rolling with nordics does n't mean we 're literally nordic ( we might be one , one day :p ) . 
  other than being classified as northern now . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nordic_council#members https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nordic_battlegroup https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nordic-baltic_eight etc. 
  contrary we do n't do a lot with you , lenkija . 
  edit : if it was n't for ussr we might already be what finland is today : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/baltoscandia, 
   i 'm a big harry potter fan . . good for you , you can guess what fan i 'm off . 
  ;-p  what are you going on about mate ? 
  nothing , i 'll watch the clown fiesta today . 
  that 's why name fits perfectly . 
  in your dreams . 
  we roll with nordics now . 
  union of k\u0117dainiai was suppose to be best day of my life , but you had to ruin it poland , you had to !, 
  latvia and estonia are more northern than denmark , with lithuania sitting at same latitude . 
  hmm , we should just went with pilsudskis wet dream - intermarium . 
  more like [ intermarium federation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/intermarium#/media/file:mapka_miedzymorza.png ) , every european nation that was occupied by ussr would never call themselves eastern bloc ever again . 
   oneofthepurebloods look at your comments i would put hopes on that , mr. british islander . 
  he seems like a cool dude . 
  that british tea . 
  mmm . 
  * when somebody uses alphabet other than latin . 
  balticians attack . 
  to save few cents . 
  by the time our universe dies we will be travelling to other nearby universes . 
  typical russian disinformation propaganda . 
  * somebody : why did you join eu ? 
  i would n't take his words seriously , looking at his history , he intentionally writes random shit , with no proofs of him being lithuanian . 
  everyone knows war started as great patriotic war ( from 22 june 1941 to 9 may 1945 ) when nazi germany started operation barbarossa , ussr did nothing wrong before that , nothing bad . 
  if we manage to not nuke ourselves and just transition from type 0 to type i and type ii civilization , human civilization will become immortal . 
  couple centuries ? 
  hey , he has no flair , how can we know he 's lithuanian ? 
  he might be other country 's spy , you know . 
  good luck with your revolution , just make sure you do n't start killing people left and right , like all commies do . 
  happy restoration of independence day , my lovely broliukas . 
  would suggest mental house for you , but i doubt that stupidity can be cured . 
  yes , i actually do . 
  again southern most part of russia . 
  i did n't dismiss data , i laughed at it because there was only + -2 celsius difference and he stated that siberia is hotter than lithuania . 
   tbf i have better things to do . 
  if you wanted an actual discussion you would n't have started with an insult . 
  i did n't intend to insult you , but your view , being pro-commie is one thing , being anarcho commie makes no sense , that pretty much puts all humanity back to it 's roots - agricultural cavemen . 
   strawmanning you mentioned spanish anarchists in civil war , why do you think they did n't won ? 
   not having this discussion if it devolved into insults before it even started . 
  yes , there is no discussion when you ca n't protect your aracho-commie views . 
  look at the size of russia and size of lithuania , comparing two is idiotic to begin with , that was my point . 
   sure because capitalism is such a great system and no other systems of government have ever worked . 
  they did not , show me examples if you have any that worked other than capitalism . 
   til remote stateless tribes where actually capitalist , the free territory did n't exist and there where no anarchists in the spanish civil war . 
  do you see spain being anarchist ? 
   does anarchism mean something else now ? 
  please educate me on its new meaning . 
  i 'm talking about your pro-commie views . 
  you said yourself that you 're anarcho-commie . 
  then again if you want to live as tribal agricultural caveman it 's your choice . 
  says russian . 
  yeah , you better put that tinfoil if it makes you feel better . 
  [ most of russia does n't have same weather as lithuania , only european part . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/55/russia_koppen.svg/990px-russia_koppen.svg.png ), 
  because that 's the only system that works , you can try communism and some spices in it as much as you want , it will never work . 
  all commie countries like ussr , china , cuba , vietnam , n. korea , you name it ended up the same way - [ this ] ( https://i.imgur.com/eisbczn.jpg ) . 
  both moscow and lithuania are at same latitude . 
  [ then again , only european part . 
  ] ( https://watchers.news/data/uploads/2012/01/image018.jpg )  compare moscow in summer with lithuania . 
  its impossible . 
  yeah sure, 
   i 'm an anarcho-communist . 
  ca n't get less retarded than that . 
  he 's pro-commie finn , just for your information . 
  southern most tip of siberia manages to get same warmth as lithuania , k. 
  sources ?
