  next day you know soviet army cross our border , government gets taken to the forest , tortured and killed . 
  soviets make new election with one key thing - you have to communist or pro-communist to participate , so obviously new government is pro-soviet and gives letter to `` join '' ussr . 
   hell and damnation . 
  the european chimerical traveled so far est. 
  you putting your life and your way of life in the hand of a bureaucratic , under equipped and not related to your homeland . 
  do not take my anti eu bias , just look at the facts . 
  see how the borders of the most developed country in the world have been handle by this bureaucrats for the last 20 years . 
  you now witness the decisions made 20 years ago . 
  because eu is not one nation , eu does n't have one army , every countries geopolitical interest differ . 
  which is why we need ever closer union . 
  i too was surprised that two vocalist of two bands i listen had side project . 
  go away , boy toys are mine !, 
  - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vqeizl7lghc [ verse ]  black lips , brown eyes  wet flesh , good size  so hot , when it crawls  i burn for dicks and holes - [ chorus ]  ladyboy  ladyboy  he is my toy boy  my ladyboy  ladyboy, 
   there is no mention at all in the french wiki page about napol\u00e9on . 
  it 's bad man , these classes are replaced by '' ** historical diversity about africa ** '' what the hell is that ? 
  why would france even teach something like that . 
   i do n't known the political context in poland and in hungary , but they take a lot of shit from mean stream media here . 
  and my hope is , in some way the eastern country will rise and stop all these shits happening . 
  in western europe , we are weak , in debt and with a lot of old people ( coward cunts ) . 
  because poland and hungary do n't want to endanger their own citizens , we see what happened in germany , in france , in belgium , it has nothing to do with racism , but rather fear of terrorism . 
  besides most of migrants who were relocated in poland , lithuania just ran away to germany , they 're now seen as just economic migrants while hiding under * asylum seeker * mask . 
   i known some you over there had a terrible historically relation with russia . 
  and the american are pushing their pawn over russia . 
  here a little testimony , the last two presidents where pro nato , and this new one is too . 
  and the way of life is n't better , getting worst with terrorism and unemployment . 
  which is why i support common european army , to take full control of mediterranean sea and stop human traffickers from sending illegal migrants to our beloved continent . 
  god dammit pranc\u016bzija , napoleon crossed bloody kaunas for you !, 
  we were on your side during napoleon wars !, 
  because all of our royals were fully polonized and ran to poland or were deported to siberia by soviet menace . 
  nah , we commowealth , now . 
  european history 101, 
  the way to unlock polish superiority - annex lithuania - the green talisman . 
  ca n't blame you , through centuries both germanics and slavs squashed many different balts into what is today lithuania , latvia and what used to be east prussia . 
  lithuanians are not slavs ... we have our own [ lithuanian mythology ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lithuanian_mythology ) . 
  sources on what you just said ? 
  since when is india and china part of mena ? 
   also the last pagan stronghold in europe until the 12th ( ? ), 
  century and home to some epic sagas . 
  iceland was officially already christian since xi c. 
  lithuanian proper more specifically . 
  best country ever !, 
  for non native english speaker , it just means strong . 
  i know it 's a wrong word to use . 
  [ the floor is lava !, 
  the floor is lava !, 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/lbi03qdqcby?t=92 ), 
  old generation sure , me ? 
  which is why it comes to :  i wish europeans were more keen to japan 's view of immigration - insanely strict . 
   i checked where lithuanian actual were [ feelsbadman ] ( https://i.imgur.com/goymd9a.png ), 
  through polish cultural dominance . 
  if we were n't reliant on them we would probably stayed as pagan kingdom/grand duchy . 
   though to be fair , i think that outside family circles , sexual assaults in france involve more often teachers than priests . 
  you remind me gymnasium ( high school ) days , too . 
  many . 
  sexy . 
  teachers . 
  send . 
  help . 
   a lot of teenagers actually go through the sacraments even if they 're not fervent church goers , it 's a tradition . 
  i literally refused to do that . 
  communion sacrament more precise . 
  i 'm not against uk 's stuff , it 's their right to do what they want with their borders , but there difference between european immigration and people from mena . 
  i wish europeans were more keen to japan 's view of immigration - insanely strict . 
  like in any other european country , barely any . 
  actually i do n't even know . 
  besides just because people identify as catholics does n't mean they practice it . 
  i 'm baptised as catholic , yet i have n't been in church for like 18 years now . 
  what did they expected , money to come out of ass ? 
  honestly , sometimes it feels that fellow countrymen do n't know how economy works . 
  few cents at most . 
  i do n't understand these fellow lithuanians crying over few cents . 
  it can , but * eu military * does n't sound as bad idea , rather a good idea . 
  being self reliant instead of sitting on american shoulder ? 
  [ 100 billion rubles ] ( https://youtu.be/jtmxhvgzisy?t=10 ), 
   who calls the shots ? 
  who is on the top of that chain of command ? 
  how can you value a french general over an italian general ? 
  does the commission have the last say ? 
  we ca n't start talks about this when britain is actively blocking to even begin them . 
  that 's why cooperation for it is needed . 
  i ca n't answer to this because it 's not up to me to decide . 
   greece opts out of an eu army but then gets attacked by turkey ( hypothetically ) does the eu still defend it ? 
  nato . 
   the uk does not want a single european army as it conflicts with its own foreign policy . 
  here is your biased answer why brits are so against eu 's army . 
   sit back and appreciate the protection nato gives to you from the russian bear . 
  i do n't ? 
  what difference does it make , with or without eu 's military we will collaborate with german/french soldiers in joint exercises . 
  one chain of command will only make defence stronger , not weaker . 
  what another alliance ? 
  eu 's military will work the same way eurozone does , with member states . 
  maybe we will , after uk is out . 
  first it has to happen before you can say that it has failed . 
  do n't know what makes you so sure ? 
  that 's a nice piece of ass . 
   who decides where the army goes ? 
  eu military headquarters which britain blocked . 
   will the spanish like it that a spanish soldier has died protecting bulgaria ? 
  they can opt-out from eu 's military if they want to . 
  joining eu military should n't be enforced .
