   mongolia azerbaidjan russia 's buffer zone . 
   kazahstan belarussia within russia 's sphere of influence . 
   norway norway is in nato and yes , they actually are training near russian border and are worried about russia 's action in the northern region . 
   finland finlandinization , even then , finland still has conscription e.g. 
  worrying about potential invasion . 
  you do n't know how economy works , i see . 
  commonwealth when ? 
  * german prussian , you killed/assimilated all the og prussians . 
  and you conquered back what is yours . 
  * timmy , tell your mother i 'll be back by friday !, 
  russian shill 's mind . 
  what it has to do with lithuanian nazi collaborators ? 
  are we praising them ? 
  so please , fuck off with your whataboutism . 
  one murders do not justify others , just because nazis murdered millions of people does n't mean soviets had green light to murder people back . 
   with ukrainian praise for the perpetrators of volhynia genocide , we fear that the resentment against polish nationals can be rekindled . 
  there is a still some polish minority dispersed throughout ukraine that could pay the price for this , if radicals feel encouraged . 
  i 'm pretty sure western ukrainians are pro-eu and `` pro-polish '' . 
   do you think history buffs arguing over the interpretation of what happened in 17th century could do the same to polish-lithuanian relations ? 
  well interwar sure as hell did stir our relations even up today . 
  only after fall of ussr mutual enmity started to fade away in both poland and lithuania . 
  in lithuanian territories ak was known as genocide force towards lithuanian population , ak were terrorists , bandits and looters . 
  r\u0116\u0116\u0116\u0116\u0116\u0116\u0116\u0116\u0116\u0116 :-(, 
   does this disagreement still bring the danger of casualties in xxi century ? 
  what kind danger of casualties ? 
  yes , but there was [ ypatingasis b\u016brys ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ypatingasis_b\u016brys ) which was made from either exiled or jailed people with fascist views during interwar period . 
  we do n't praise any of them , we do n't have streets named after them . 
  because they are n't threatened by foreign nation at this very moment and they have far smaller population , including the fact that they had far more time to develop their national identity without fearing of invasion from neighbours . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm not saying that 's okay . 
  i 'm just saying it 's temporary thing , until they figure out how to establish their national identity without looking at ww2 nazi collaborators . 
  on note , grand duchy of lithuania magnates that signed union of k\u0117dainiai ( which failed ) are seen by polish historians as traitors , while lithuanians historians see them as people that looked at realpolitik perspective , even though swedes were slaughtering people left and right during the deluge . 
  i mean attacking them on what they name their streets , it 's pretty radical , i agree , to name street after nazi collaborators , but they 're trying to form their own identity , that is as much different from russians as possible , just like we did after ww1 , we did n't want to become yet another province of poland , just like ukraine does n't want to become yet another province of russia . 
  let 's make commonwealth ? 
  make lietuva grand again !, 
  it 's not ukrainian people that are renaming streets , why are you attacking them ? 
  i 'm pretty sure we already know that trump and his monkey friends want eu to fail . 
  they were furtherest away , that 's the problem . 
  western world best world !, 
   hmm , i mistakenly attributed lithuanian statistics to the rest of the baltics . 
  swedish navy : * come this way if you 're gay . 
   covfefe is the once secret name of an ancient tentacle monster that white supremacists fornicate with . 
  yurop ' girls , most beautiful girls !, 
  if you 're into dick girls . 
  potatoes in the ass . 
  mom catches son and his gf doing kinky stuff . 
  well . 
  i 'm confused now . 
  american spies !, 
  more you learn about eu , the more you understand it 's essential and good for european continent . 
  i too want to keep myself optimist when it comes to european integration . 
  you really expect these anti-eu people to know anything about eu ? 
  i would assume so . 
  i mean , we have cyprus , why ca n't we have canada or even australia they are already in [ eurovision ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v6qst8qp9ck ) , north atlantic union after european federation is created :p ? 
  damn . 
  it 's german song `` erika '' in case you wonder . 
  both things will do the right deed when facing lenkija , sorry . 
  there is lithium on your face , lenkija . 
  okay ... 
  you 're taking my words out of context , i agree that an educated politicians that were elected by people to show their interests on international stage should take care of countries accession to supranational body . 
  as i already stated i too support referndum to be held for joining european federation , only after host country informs about pros and cons of joining ef . 
  all you do is insult . 
  honestly , can you stop . 
  do you speak with your mother , father or sibling same way ? 
  make europe great again !, 
  hungary , poland , maybe ? 
   the european union should undermine national democracies and ** make referendums illegal ** show me . 
  point that comment . 
  not yet kameraden . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ukrainian_people%27s_republic  soviet invasion 16 january 1919 yeah right , founding member after invaded and annexed . 
  full homo on you tho . 
  neither did russia . 
  austrians only truly saw themselves as austrians after ww2 , before they considered themselves germans . 
  if it was n't for entente and later allies , austria would been part of germany . 
  do n't forget rusyns . 
  because it 's russia . 
   typical fascists - the opinion of the common joe does n't matter because he does n't know shit - way to disprove my claim that you 're a fascist . 
  do you even read . 
  god your stupidity is beyond fixing . 
  or just elect your [ strong and stabl1e ] ( https://youtu.be/0m91g4olgey ) leaders ... lol . 
  * i 'm all for referendum in countries if they want to be part of ef , but only after they informed with pros and cons of it , not after it , so mistakes like brexit do n't happen ever again . 
  god dammit poland , nothing is legal in your country !, 
  when it comes to germany . 
   you still do n't understand that the implementation of a supra national state against the wills of human rights of a national people with the right to self determination is fascism . 
  you think a common joe knows what eu does or even stand for ? 
  you trust your future in eu to people you vote for , because unlike you , they know what they 're talking about and are educated in that matter more than common joe . 
  if lithuanians voted against eu membership , you think we would economically be better right now , or end up like ukraine ? 
  our people were n't stupid , our leaders are n't stupid either , if you 're anti-eu , you sure as hell will lose support from people . 
  people like you are minority who think supranational body will endanger their very lives and calling people who support it fascist ... 
  i do n't know man , you 're lost . 
   it 's practically the definition of it , and you 're promoting it . 
  the fact that you do n't know the basis of a modern democracy and the duties of its citizens does n't make my ultra anything , it just means that you 're woefully ignorant of the thing you advocate tearing down illegally . 
  exactly , democracy , you elect people that represent you most , if he wants join eu , it 's will of the people , since they voted for his pro-european views . 
  i 'm all for referendum in countries if they want to be part of ef , but only after they informed with pros and cons of it , not after it , so mistakes like brexit do n't happen ever again . 
   it 's a wonder you 've learned how to read and write given you ca n't even understand something so simple back to insulting . 
  nice . 
  you can always visit memelland for summer . 
  hmm . 
  smaller country will automatically have smaller gdp than bigger one . 
  gdp per capita is what matters . 
  technically it will become richer .
