  both serbia and kosovo committed war crimes , neither is right , neither is victim , best way is to part your ways . 
   what has that have to do with anything ? 
  i was born at the end of the war . 
  you take serbian side , while not looking into the mirror , that 's what i 'm saying . 
   nato stopped serbia from fighting , while allowing for ethnic cleansing of serbs to happen may i have source on that ? 
  pretty sure nato bombed both kosovo and serbia . 
  lithuania was not part of nato back then , just for you to know . 
   at this point i can only hope that russians want independence from baltics , so you can just imagine what serbia is going through , and how quickly your one sided and biased view would change . 
  i know exactly how serbia feels , we had literally same shit with poland during interwar period . 
  that does n't mean that i will sympathize with serbians after committing ethnic cleansing . 
  i 'm not taking kosovo side either , but being part of serbia is as much retarded thing as us being part of russia , too much bad blood . 
   im glad we agree that ethnic cleansing is n't excusable yet your bosnian serb , were more than happy to cut heads from muslim people during bosnian war . 
   serb numbers went from around 260k to 130k , albanian numbers stayed roughly the same . 
  that should make me sad or what ? 
  they killed you , you killed them , that 's what happens with population . 
   thanks nato . 
  nato stopped you and kosovars from killing each other . 
  so , no problem . 
  why are you trying so hard to spin my words . 
  you oppressed them , they used force to break from you , you used force to murder them all , you get bombed to ashes , un peacekeepers make sure you do n't fuck them up , they want independence from you , they get independence , that 's about it . 
  you 're blinded by your own nationalism . 
  terrorism is never logic thing , but what else they could have done to escape serbian claw ? 
   neither did the russian minority get involved in large scale terrorism . 
  so ethnic cleansing is excusable because they were terrorising serbs ... ? 
   that 's your logic mate , you basically said terrorism is ok if someone has different political views/goals . 
  i did n't say terrorism is okay , i said oppression from either side is not good . 
  you reap what you sow , that 's about it . 
  what do you want me to say ? 
  that latvian/estonian/lithuanian russians are just seeking moment to seize control of our countries ? 
  unlike serbia we did n't oppress them , we did n't massacre them . 
  our russian minority ( 4.6 % ) is smaller than polish one . 
  and no , my russian neighbour would rather piss on putin 's picture than he would ever want to join russia . 
  russians are sane here to know how corrupt and rotten russia is . 
  serbians were oppressing non-serbians , what did you excepted from non-serbs , to bend their asses ? 
   it 's a greater union that involves your territory , in which you wo n't be willingly . 
  it makes sense . 
  it does n't make any sense , we do n't want to be occupied by soviet shitunion , but i 'm sure kosovars would rather join albania than ever be part of serbia . 
  the difference is that serbia was massacring non-serbian population that is majority in kosovo . 
   well , since kosovo , presevo , bujanovac are part of serbia  imagine baltics if russia suddenly said : oh we will reunify the soviet union . 
  those two do n't make any sense . 
  comparing kosovo to crimea is apples and oranges . 
  one took a war and years under un to become independent , other got invaded and annexed over night . 
  exactly . 
  it was sarcasm if you did n't realize . 
  hungary does n't live in xix c. neither does poland , while russia is still stuck in it 's own time bubble . 
  they do same shit to others too . 
  well in lithuania alcohol variety is huge , if we get brendy from armenia i 'm sure we might as well have wine from montenegro . 
  brainwashing . 
  blind hate on west or usa , so they look alternative that counters them . 
  what do you mean ? 
  romania and hungary are part of eu , there is no way that they would n't have access to out side and i 'm sure hungarians would be joyful to take back their rightful territory . 
  when are you going to be annexed by turkey ? 
  that does n't excuse invasion and annexation . 
  no , no , they fish potatoes !, 
  cuz beer is cheaper and can be bought in greater litres . 
  of course you 're not , whose little big boy , you are , oh yes you are . 
   you 're the one that is crying right now , got hit way to close to home when truth is spoken , i guess . 
  what a joke . 
  you really give in too much on eu 's destruction of sovereignty . 
  lithuania is one of the most integral parts of eu , yet i do n't see my country becoming something new than it was to be . 
  border are still there , citizenship is still here , language is still here , culture etc is still here , where do you see our sovereignity breached ? 
  eu does n't occupy us . 
   us can kiss our ass if they value them more than us . 
  constantinople is the only thing you 're valued for , else you would been ditched long ago . 
   in fact , just send the turks back [ go ahead tiny kebab , meet the tip of spear again . 
   he participated in lithuanian holocaust , he killed many innocent jews and people of color and you defend him , he was n't hero . 
  umm he did not , he lived in uk before joining lithuanian freedom fighters , that happened after ww2 . 
   truly disgusting how people like you defend nazis he was n't nazi . 
  truly disgusting how people like you defend soviets . 
   maybe isis members think they fight for a better world too same can be said about your soviet army , raping , killing children , fighting for the better world lul . 
   your people already committed one genocide against jews source ? 
  50 pro-nazi people that got realsed from jail by nazis is n't our people . 
   why do you need to kill again ? 
  who said i want a genocide or killings ? 
  maybe your russian mind knows only this , but in my mind , i want for russians to finally wake up from vodka sleep and burn down putin and other oligarchs that literally are stealing from russians , yet russians are praising them . 
  nuke on him would been enough to win a war . 
   and the nation state what pot are you smoking ? 
  how the hell eu is destroying , let 's say lithuania ? 
  well moscow mattered before soviets industrialized their east counter part . 
  imperial germany did n't made this mistakes , even though it had far higher chance than nazi germany . 
  do n't we ? 
  we 're one of the few states that succesfully occupied russia . 
  maybe because we try to evolve into type 1 civilization ? 
  while russia keeps living in the past , that 's all they have now any way . 
  quite sad that russia has huge natural resources , it keeps their banana `` republic '' running . 
  so russian war crimes are okay because nazis were worse ? 
  that 's all they can do anyway . 
   they are cancer , we are cure . 
  you 're cancer . 
  lithuanians did n't invade moscow , yet we got raped and killed for no reason during first soviet occupation . 
    the germans got off easy . 
  the soviets should 've done a lot more than just raped the scum . 
  you have major anger issues . 
   once again i hope all you nazi 's get killed seek help asap, 
   whataboutism  i guess the fact that soviets raped people at the end of the war excuses the millions of civilians raped and killed by nazis . 
  ironic . 
  nazis were tained animals , soviets were wild ass animals . 
  i do n't understand this notion on defending red army . 
  soviets occupied us , they started systematic killings in forests , deporations , from old to little children , even though we did n't do jack shit to them . 
   that pretty hypocritical coming from an ~ ~ estonian ~ ~ serbian .
