  you joking right ? 
  out of ~ 300 refugees we took 200 of them run away to germany . 
  yet . 
   you mean except at the point where it clearly divides the population by ethnicity and where you can see it increased in native lithuanians ? 
  of course our population will grow when even our commie leader showed middle finger to moscow 's orders . 
  a. snie\u010dkus policy had forms of sabotaging and demanding privileges for lithuania and himself . 
  funnily enough stalin did n't kill him . 
   you ca n't even agree with yourself , but sure continue to parade whatever you want , clearly facts mean nothing to you . 
  soviets were killing people left and right , you think people will not join underground lithuanian freedom fighters to give back blood for blood ? 
  and so ? 
  you 're telling me russia is innocent nation ? 
  that it is not killing ukrainians , georgians and moldovans ? 
  as i said , if we had alternative to buy gas from someone else , we would have done it long time ago . 
   except the statistics disagrees . but okay live in your own world . 
  statistics show growth of lssr and free republic of lithuania , it does n't show ethnic growth . 
   mate ... you had more births than deaths under the soviets . 
  you meant more colonists than deaths . 
   it does n't matter for population growth , you had positive growth with them killing you . 
  native lithuanians had positive growth . 
  because our partisans killed soviet collaborationists and russian colonists . 
  latvia and estonia were not as lucky , they got huge russian colonist influx that is even felt today . 
  what are you trying to prove ? 
  communism is the reason why our economies are several times behind western ones , it 's the reason why our people flee to we for higher paid jobs . 
  but they neither threatening nor black mailing lithuania , why should we trust russia more than qatar or any other state that could provide us gas without asking to accept their political bias first ? 
   but you had positive growth so overall there was more lithuanians , since not 10000 of you each year did n't immolate themselves . 
  what are you talking about , lithuanians were getting either brutally killed or deported to siberia , while russian colonists were brought , lithuanian population did not grow , russian population did grow in lithuania . 
   bullshit but okay , the main reason for the negative growth is n't anybody leaving but births that are way below deaths . 
  soviet population was killing off people left and right , of course our death per birth ration will not be equal . 
   not pushing any propaganda , just find it funny how you manage to blame everything on the soviets . 
  so you 're denying the fact that people are travelling to western countries due to economic reasons and that soviets did not kill lithuanians and did not bring russians in ? 
  you must be trolling man . 
   not really an option in the long term . 
  all right , we will take those 1k economic migrants , watch 800 of them run back to germany once they are given half the chance . 
  quota system does not work and will not work as long as economic migrants will keep pouring europe , first we need to block their way towards greece , italy , spain etc. 
  then we should deal with those who are within europe already , segregating them to refugees which are allowed to stay and economic migrants which should be kicked back to their home countries . 
   same thing . 
  how do you think `` closing down a route '' works in the open sea ? 
  there are talks about eu army , why not also include a unified eu navy ? 
  also people should stop giving ngo 's money to fund human trafficking . 
   if you want to stop the route , you will have to take active , and that means armed , action against them . 
  which is exactly what japan and australia does , do they have a migrant crisis ? 
   so , how many to keep your baltic country racially pure ? 
  what racially pure ? 
  do you even know about lipka tatars ? 
  i want europe to be safe continent , i do n't want to see terrorist attacks in my country . 
  i do n't want to see calais jungle on every european corner . 
  either way , what can we do to help qatar ? 
  we 're small country , unlike uk we do n't sell weapons . 
   https://i.imgur.com/v9mfqex.png we were still losing people , because soviet regime killed people left and right . 
  [ young people would self-immolate ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romas_kalanta ) themselves to protest against soviet regime . 
   here 's for your own country . 
  oh yeah of course importing russians colonists will make our population grow while after fall of ussr and end of soviet occupation those russian colonists would flee back to russia . 
  also the fact that due to communism our economy got set back 50 years , it 's quite obvious people will seek higher paid job in foreign countries once border was opened , since soviets shot any one who tried to pass border . 
  people were n't even allowed to live near sea ...  it was only since the fall of communism you started dying out . 
  you can push your commie agenda as much as you want , i ai n't buying it . 
  more like non-profitable , yet . 
   we want to be less dependent on russian gas , if there was a better alternative , sure as hell we would have took it . 
  if it was n't for enforced communism our people would n't flee for higher wages to we and economic migrants would more keen to stay here instead of running away to germany as soon as they can . 
   it 's that or russians . 
  which do you prefer ? 
  neither ? 
   how many people enroute are you willing to murder yourself to close the route ? 
  first of all , i did n't say anything about murdering , i said closing down route that causes thousands of people die in sea ... use logic for once . 
  umm , norway ? 
  hello . 
  fuck communism . 
   and it 's not about bending the knee , it 's about the fact that if you join an union , you accept its rules . 
  what kind of rules exactly ? 
  take tons of economic migrants that do n't want to stay in your country and will run away back to germany the first chance they get , also endanger your country with possible islamist extremists that will cause terrorist attacks . . ? 
  no thank you . 
  i 'm more supportive of blocking migrant route towards europe to end this migrant crisis once and for all , instead of this `` relocation quota '' which wo n't change a thing since those economic migrants will keep pouring europe as long as they see that it 's easily accessible . 
  what do you mean by choosing eu ? 
  we should bend our knee to you instead of russia ? 
  i guess lng is the future . 
  we want to be less dependent on russian gas , if there was a better alternative , sure as hell we would have took it . 
   russia was also pretty chill in 2008 and 2010 . 
  so instead of blocking migrant routes towards italy and greece we should fund ngo 's that pick them up and bring them to europe ? 
  religion is a joke , that 's about it . 
  i do n't understand how people can still be supportive of commies , are they not educated about all the misery it caused not only for europe but all of world ? 
   communism , which at its core is anti-facist , anti-racist and proclaims the equality of all men ? 
  totally genocidal . 
  that 's your own utopia , it does n't work in real world , we have many examples of that . 
   if you want to say that communism is genocidal because of the actions of soviet states so killing rich people , or those people they deem to be `` capitalist spies '' is okay , we can brush off several millions of people that died in vein because of commie regime ... you make me sick . 
   slave labor it existed for thousands of year ... how is that specific to capitalism ? 
  actually communism was using people as slaves . 
   that being said , communist symbolism is undoubtedly connected with immense suffering . 
  communist symbols are equal to that of nazi ones here , both are banned , because both represent oppression and terror . 
  you 're so much in denial and ignorance it 's sick , as person from former commie country , fuck your idea of communist utopia . 
  [ just for you . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nugkkkaogds ), 
   make the most serene republic great again [ someone called us ? 
  nato did not create the interconnected economies ... eu did . 
  nato created closely allied forces , that 's about it . 
  so it 's better to be mini russia instead of glorious gudai ? 
  again you 're blaming me for things i have n't said , without providing an actual quotes . 
  time to grow up for you . 
  quoting myself : *** i wish ussr would have fallen the same day nazi germany did *** , * western allies would have saved all of europe . 
  * yeah and from ashes of fallen ussr friendly to west , democratic , capitalistic russia , ukraine , belarus etc would been born , that 's what i was saying , of course you have to take context out to make sure it fits your narrative . 
   they said the exact same thing before wwi , literally word for word . 
  what ... ?
