   it 's an industrialized western nation , with a lot of resources . 
  it 's not western nation , neither it is considered as western nation . 
  not even russians consider themselves a western nation . 
   do you understand that ussr competed with us for several decades ? 
  because ussr was a superpower , russia is not a superpower . 
  do you understand ussr was made out of 15 different countries ? 
   do you understand that it 's not possible by just exporting natural resources like resource-rich 3rd world countries do ? 
  again you do n't know what 3rd world countries mean . 
  their gdp is lower than india 's . 
  given how much more natural resources they have than norway : 26,490 $ ( russia ) vs 69,249 $ ( norway ) says it all where they putting their money , doing same mistake as ussr did . 
  edgy . 
  [ i agree . 
  by multi-cultural i meant multi-ethnic , skinhead pole is as much as polish looking as democratic or commie pole . 
  syrian , turk or other people from mena countries wo n't fit in polish society . 
  2 in 1 is all i need . 
  well , we could make a union and have a cool flag back . 
  try harder . 
  find location of isreal , guess what , they 're as much tanned . 
  oh yeah i forgot , no wanting to have multi-cultural society is a bad thing . 
   russia was the second most powerful country in the world less than 30 years ago ... ussr , not russia . 
   they still have the second most powerful military in the world and they are even pretty much self-sufficient when it comes to military equipment . 
  they still ca n't project their influence globally other than small neighbouring nations through warfare that alienates them more than helps to expand influence in region . 
   russia is the biggest country by area and ninth biggest by population . 
  that means nothing in modern world . 
  9th by population ... 
  so nigeria and pakistan is now relevant to everyday politics too ? 
   it has an enormous amount of natural resources and pretty large and developed economy . 
  economy that is built on natural resources extraction just like middle eastern and african countries are , once reserves are out , good luck with that `` economy '' . 
  given their potential they 're super behind on what they could have been . 
   russia might not be as relevant as they were 50 years ago , but whether you like it or not , they are still pretty relevant . 
  if by bullying small nations gives relevance then okay ... 
  also polish-lithuanian commonwealth . 
  russia gets completely dwarfed in all these fields by usa , eu , china . 
  maybe out side resources , though that does n't make country relevant , just sufficient for self preservation in a long term . 
   and its previous position as a global superpower ... key word is * former * not * current * . 
  i doubt russian oligarchs would ever want to ally with west . 
  not even usa have laws over all states that every state should make gay-marriage legal . 
  it would create massive shitstorm and euroscepticism in countries with homophobic governments . 
   same-sex marriage . 
   constitutionally banned since 1992 we should really start catching up with times . 
  hope it was in a porno movie . 
  \u0160\u0161\u0161\u0161\u0161 just show unconventional love towards yurop ', 
  nukes is the only thing that makes russia relevant . 
   he is slightly less brilliant than he is in the seven years war and germany never forms as prussia is split and has territory annexed by russia and austria . 
  how can russia annex prussia when polish-lithuanian commonwealth was still a thing back then ? 
  god dammit latvia , you broke the combo . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nato\u2013russia_relations#suggestions_of_russia_joining_nato  russian leadership , however , made it clear russia did not plan to join the alliance , preferring to keep cooperation on a lower level now . 
  in march 2009 , the russian envoy to nato , dmitry rogozin , in response to rados\u0142aw sikorski \u2032 s proposal , while not ruling out nato membership at some point in the future , was quoted as saying : '' ** great powers do n't join coalitions , they create coalitions . 
  russia considers itself a great power . 
  [ sneaky poland . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1919_polish_coup_d%27\u00e9tat_attempt_in_lithuania ), 
  russians is not as popular as english is , it makes no sense on using it . 
  turkey occupies northern part of it . 
  also a popular destination for lithuanians during summer , at least in my inner circle . 
   i said i prefer russians to americans at this point your point is quite ... stupid , you know . 
  instead of saying * i prefer russians over usa * you could have said * i want to see us being independent from both * , assuming that you would prefer russia 's occupation make me think that you 're ... 
  i do n't even know ... stupid ? 
  i ca n't even imagine how can you look at russians better than americans . 
  comparing to something hypothetical is not an argument . 
  edit : also crimea was transferred to ukraine due to it having land border with it , which unlike polish and south eastern lithuanian case would make no sense on transferring . 
  by thinking that russian occupation is a good thing . 
  you 're far from civil . 
  they were minority within ukraine . 
  do you think narva ( estonian region ) is also rightful russian territory that should be invaded and occupied just because majority if people there are russians ? 
  or you know russia could just have granted them citizenship and just relocated them back to russia . 
  if we gon na start carving minorities back to their homelands we might as well begin another major european war . 
  what you said makes no sense . 
  you really expect a civil discussion when you prefer russian occupation instead of being allied with usa as a sovereign nation ... 
  stalin killed more people , hitler had holocaust , the only thing that makes hitler most evil man is holocaust , other than that he 's behind several figures on other historical people . 
  either way , stalin should be hated as much as hitler is . 
  how is putting sanctions on russia for it 's aggression towards neighbouring countries is improving relations and heading towards your dream of sucking putin 's cock ? 
  you wished . 
  maybe if russia stop acting as enemy and usa will stop acting as friendly nation your dreams will come true ... 
  why would you want russians over ... sovereignty ? 
  usa is not occupying you . 
   the same was with vilnius region , with cieszyn and so on . 
  yeah , that 's exactly what i actually had in mind . 
  from my opinion and experience of my family , you 're an idiot by saying that . 
  that does n't make usa or west responsible for russia 's fate . 
  of course they would n't given their history living under east prussia for 700 years and probably preference german language over lithuanian . 
  though lithuanian state gave autonomy and tried it 's best to incorporate prussian-lithuanians as best as it could , given standardised lithuanian language is greatly influenced by prussian-lithuanian dialect , even [ lithuanian minor flag ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/d5/flag_of_lithuania_minor.svg/600px-flag_of_lithuania_minor.svg.png ) was to become official flag of republic of lithuania in 40 's etc. 
  either way it was either us or poland which had far bigger imperialistic ambitions and actually occupied several territories . 
  i guess from lithuanian perspective it will never look like an occupation given it was one of historical ethnographic regions that were important as much to lithuania as vilnius was . 
   as lithuanians were just minority there . 
  that depends how you perceive memellanders . 
  russians sold russia to russians , simple as that , not to usa , not west , but to russians . 
  if there is someone to blame for russia 's misfortune , it is on russians . 
  he 's not . 
  just gold old delusion . 
  lon was occupying it , not us . 
  okay ... lol, 
  [ that was not an occupation . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/klaip\u0117da_convention ) given it was also only autonomous region of lithuania . 
  and those are ? 
  well i was talking about red terror coming back to lithuanian land including klaip\u0117da region . 
  awesome geographical location , so yeah . 
  what ? 
  * ei , lenkija , want to \u017de\u010dpospolita ? 
  we need some relevance . 
   `` flight support vessel '' someone called for me ?
