  we 're classified as n. european now , anyway . 
  and talking about culture/geopolitics we always been in western sphere of influence . 
  we share nothing with russia other than being post-commie states . 
  maybe because generalising half of continent is not logical way of thinking ? 
  explore and conquer . 
  you sure are looking for europe to start yet another world war . 
  [ we were born for it since day one ... god damn ussr used our talent for their own personal gains !, 
  you have no power here !, 
  football over basketball in lithuania , i doubt this source !, 
  no we would n't , we all would be french too . 
  still a wonderland . 
  science is key to future . 
   keep it up bros. 
   sylvanas i love the name , i know who the character is , but sounds like a male name . 
  too late to explore world , too young to explore universe , just in time to explore fruits of internet . 
  maybe we should roll with [ baltoscandia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/baltoscandia ) , good damn soviets , ruined eesti 's hopes and dreams !, 
  pls , sweden , annex us . 
  you will be mine lenkija . 
  yes . 
  just do n't forget sonar when searching for your car . 
  pancakes with bananas are awesome . 
  * paganism intensifies *, 
  there is still no way they could annex it . 
  i 'm talking about areas where slavs and germanics migrated to and replaced/pushed-out/asimilated latin speakers . 
  shhh , little frenchie , it 's okay to dream about being german one day . 
  and now you 're ruled by german overlord , the queen . 
  russia empire ( back then tsardom ) did n't have access to [ baltic ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/08/great_northern_war_part1.png/800px-great_northern_war_part1.png ) and black seas before end of [ great northern war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/great_northern_war ) . 
  probably where latin was spoken before great migration came which slavs and germanics took over . 
  if it was n't for island you would be speaking french . 
   not weighed down by depression and ... high suicide rates . 
   [ * when even eesti is making fun of you . 
  man how i loved thunderstorms and raining when i was kid . 
   lithuania must be either the powerhouse of organised crime in europe or they 're only sending idiots to germany . 
  powerhouse ? 
  no , not at all . 
  these are most likely ex-cons . 
   basically , one big group got caught for defrauding old people over the phone . 
  this is like main `` job '' of cons and ex-cons here in lithuania . 
  maybe read my comment again . 
  i 'd rather wish we were liberated by france , uk or usa than by commie union . 
  i do n't remember any anti-gay remarks happening back in school days , contrary , some boxing/wrestling classmate was into me , also had two other of my classmates strip dancing for me , so i got that going for me , which is nice . 
   i did n't realize gay people were cannibals . 
  depends which part you eat . 
  them fjords and hydro , i guess . 
  for real , feels like all these pro-migrant supporters got no common sense . 
  because human trafficking is better alternative ... 
  okay . 
   see , so it 's not about communism but about local politicians it was banned in all of ussr , what are you talking about . 
  same-sex sexual activity was illegal and banned by ussr here until 1993 . 
  guess which regime caused it ... 
  soviets brainwashed people and made homosexuality to be equal to pedophilia you know . 
  [ communism is a wonderful thing . 
   territory creates security and russia has always relied on it when it comes to fighting against an invader . 
  how easy was it for napolean or hitler to push over russian flat terrain ? 
  til napoleon and hitler had nukes . 
   what comes to air superiority , how are you going to maintain it on an area as big as russia , especially when you have one of the best anti-air systems in the world against you ? 
  we 're not talking about russia being invaded , we 're talking about russia invading , their conventional forces would be crushed under nato or any other state . 
   yeah , keep telling yourself that . 
  same to you . 
   i did answer your argument and before that i called you a silly fuck . 
  you did n't answer with argument . 
   oh really ? 
  read a fucking history book ... or maybe learn such simple thing called geopolitics . 
   they are part of europe they 're part of europe , not western world . 
   of which russia was the biggest one and had the most influence and power in ussr . 
  russian population only made half of ussr 's . 
  ukraine was as much influential country in ussr as russia was . 
  either way that still does n't make ussr , `` russia 's empire 2.0 '' as much as wished for , it just favoured russia 's culture above everyone else expense . 
   and their population is 10 % of that of india ... canada , france , germany , japan , south korea all have lower populations than russia , but still all of them have higher gdp . 
   how many russians do you see shitting on the streets ? 
  well done on proving that you 're also a racist . 
   well , india will become a true giant at some point , but they are still very underdeveloped in many aspects . 
  russia is too underdeveloped in many aspects if you did n't realize . 
   russia 's economy is not very diverse , especially compared to countries like norway , but it 's not a banana state either . 
  [ looks similar to banana state for me . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/86/russia_export_treemap.png ), 
  since [ european empire ] ( http://i.imgur.com/yctqhz8.png ) was established and all former colonies reunited with fatherland . 
   really , as soon ai gets smart enough it will completely eliminate us meatbags from the whole scientific process . 
  rather we will fuse metal and flesh to compensate for all our weaknesses even as over-clocked monkeys . 
   can understand being against uncontrolled migration i 'm against letting external eu borders being opened for migration . 
   are you against intra-eu migration too ? 
  i 'm not against europeans moving between european nations . 
   one of our larger minority groups now are the 150.000 polish that are here . 
  i personally do n't see any problem with that . 
  because both dutch and poles are european , we share similar culture compare to rest of the world , which unlike mena is in another universe . 
   ussr was led by russia and russians . 
  i see you 're uneducated in this matter at all . 
   is syria their neighboring country ? 
  syria is pretty much a play ground for world . 
   yeah , absolutely nothing . 
  it 's all the same is your country a small city-state or a large empire having half of the planet within its borders ... who cares about silly resources and sheer size , completely irrelevant . 
  i mean yeah , size is not the most important aspect when it comes to global relevance , but it still matters ... air superiority is far more important thing than territory you 're going to hold . 
  airborne division can be transferred fast from place a to place b in pretty much instant . 
  also given russia 's geographical location it 's not hard to push over flat terrain . 
  russia has no global relevance . 
   no , you silly fuck . 
  i have just stated around million and one reasons why russia is still relevant , population being one of them . 
  those same reasons do not count to pakistan or nigeria ... 
   except that russia is not a 3rd world country . 
  you do n't even know what 3rd world country means .
