  however , it was the dutch who dominated baltic trade in the seventeenth century . 
  swedes can have their revenge now . 
  [ hello ] ( https://youtu.be/akkcbpi48ni?t=20 ), 
  battle of saule + battle of grunwald best day of my life . 
  german , german kings everywhere . 
  why are you even replaying ? 
  if it is annoying just ignore and move on . 
  get a a chill pill , bro . 
  because it fallows same pattern with three lithuanian national symbols added . 
  i was n't aiming to be annoying , i do n't even grasp why it makes you so mad ? 
  well you guessed it wrong . 
  it 's my fetish . 
  what ? 
  who gives a damn lol, 
  keepo, 
  england and n. ireland has a cross in it 's flag , but not nordic cross . 
  besides it 's not n. ireland , it 's west riding of yorkshire . 
  http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/serbia-strong-remove-kebab  remove kebab remove kebab you are worst turk . 
  you are the turk idiot you are the turk smell . 
  return to croatioa . 
  to our croatia cousins you may come our contry . 
  you may live in the zoo ... . ahahahaha , bosnia we will never forgeve you . 
  cetnik rascal fuck but fuck asshole turk stink bosnia sqhipere shqipare . . turk genocide best day of my life . 
  take a bath of dead turk . . ahahahahahbosnia we will get you !!, 
  do not forget ww2 . albiania we kill the king , albania return to your precious mongolia ... . hahahahaha idiot turk and bosnian smell so bad . . wow i can smell it . 
  remove kebab from the premises . 
  you will get caught . 
  russia + usa + croatia + slovak = kill bosnia ... you will ww2 / tupac alive in serbia , tupac making album of serbia . 
  we are rich and have gold now hahahaha ha because of tupac ... you are ppoor stink turk ... you live in a hovel hahahaha , you live in a yurt tupac alive numbr one # 1 in serbia ... . fuck the croatia , . . fuckk ashol turks no good i spit in the mouth eye of ur flag and contry . 
  2pac aliv and real strong wizard kill all the turk farm aminal with rap magic now we the serba rule . ape of the zoo presidant georg bush fukc the great satan and lay egg this egg hatch and bosnia wa ; s born . 
  stupid baby form the eggn give bak our clay we will crush u lik a skull of pig . 
  serbia greattst countrey, 
  praise the kekistan !, 
  meh , i 'm not linguist so i just said most logical thing that looked to me . 
  < . <  .  can we get back to a bit cooler concept of [ flag ] ( http://i.imgur.com/f9cgdst.png ) , hm ? 
  it was german plan of mitteleuropa . 
  they wanted same with [ lithuania ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kingdom_of_lithuania_ ( 1918 \\ ) ) . 
  copy-pasta meme . 
  type of shop for alcohol . 
  the word rather means * wine * and * flow * . 
  btw in lithuanian * diskoteka * means * disco * or more literally * discoflow * . 
  except eu body is not foreign , we are europeans , we do represent within european union ourselves . 
  you do n't know how eu works , it has complex structure , yet you 're talking total no sense . 
  most of the world is years behind europe , europe is civilization that grew out of stone age mentality and is trying to achieve higher existence . 
  eu does n't strip your sovereignty , it makes it higher quality , it protects it . 
   for most other countries having free trade agreements is enough , open borders , losing national powers etc is unheard of for us . 
  because as i said , your states still live in the past , they are in fear of change , change that they know nothing about . 
  then again you 're talking non sense , we did not lose our national power , all the laws that eu impose are the ones that protect people , animals and environment . 
  and open border is one of the reason what kept europe from tearing itself apart for a third time . 
   you ca n't deny the fact that the eu takes away considerable amount of powers that before was solely in the control of the nation state , look up how many laws in your country is created by the eu for example . 
  like what ? 
  making alcohol prices higher - our national law , not eu law , reintroducing conscription , our national law , not eu law etc. 
  again you do n't know what eu is , what eu laws are made for . 
   by being in the eu of course you lose sovereignty , its undeniable . 
  just because you repeat `` ca n't deny '' ; `` undeniable '' does n't make your argument stronger , neither right . 
   but because you live in a country that benefits maybe from free movement i can see you seeing the overall benefits . 
  god you ca n't even grasp one tiny country , yet you try to talk about eu . 
  wonderful wall of total bull crap you just gave me , waste of my time . 
  when why are you trying ? 
  it does n't belong to serbia , it 's not serbian territory any more . 
   why the fuck did ordinary ukranians want an agreement that would cause a brain drain from ukraine of the few and very expensively educated people it had ? 
  do you even know what association agreement with the eu is ? 
  in perfect world maybe , but that 's not the case . 
  ussr fought against our independence with shutting down gas supplies , rolling tanks into our cities and rolling over people with their tanks . 
  what is hard for you grasp is that kosovo hates serbians , what makes you think they will want to be part of serbia ever again ? 
   oh my god again , is terrorsim an okay reaction to political pressure ? 
  no , but neither is oppression towards majority that does n't want to be part of your state , denying their right for self determination . 
   the world is much bigger than just europe . 
  majority of them do n't care . 
   yup . 
  denied their right for independence and then cry for their terrorism . 
   thats the point of unilaterally declaring independence . 
  means no other side un or serbia agreed to it . 
  so what , majority of europe recognize it was independent , which they are . 
   what referendum exactly ? 
  they just declared it in 2008 . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kosovan_independence_referendum,_1991, 
   i 've been to russia twice now , and the comments we see here are not indicative of the population at all . 
  everyone i met was generally nice and and helpful , and actually see more similarities between the states and russia than differences . 
  i too know russians who live in moscow , they do n't know shit about what 's going on and my comment was specifically targeted on apologists , those are the ones brainwashed . 
  and a lot of swiss can speak german . 
  that does n't mean they want to be part of you . 
   if you consider 6th century as a ` new people ' idk what to tell you . 
  vi c. compare to lithuanians who are mix of o.g. 
  northern europeans who came 10k years ago and corded ware culture ( ancestors to our language ) ~ 6k years ago , yeah , that 6th seems pretty ` new people ' . 
   if kosovo should just become part of albania , why do n't we just let go of crimea ? 
  because kosovo and crimea are apples and oranges . 
  i would n't mind crimea being part of russia if it was done through un like kosovo was . 
   you ca n't just steal territory from another nation . 
  except it was not stolen , people of kosovo did n't want to be part of serbian any more , so they voted in referendum to secede . 
  i do n't know how that makes territory serbian if majority of it does n't speak serbian , let alone are not christians . 
  south slavs themselves are relatively new people to balkans peninsula . 
   i wo n't always , for example , i 'm against the independence of rs unless provoked . 
  and i am for sanctioning russia for it 's actions in crimea . 
  which is n't considered ` serb ' . 
  good to hear , though i would n't rs joining serbia either , i do n't know why bosnia exists , population transfer should just happened to make borders more clear and croatia , serbia and albania would been happy . 
   just read up on the kosovo war , objectively . 
  serbia got bombed , and it 's capital bombed , while under ` un protection ' 100k + serbs got expelled from kosovo , never to return , nobody lifted a finger . 
  i know how fucked up kosovo war is , that 's why i 'm not taking serbian or kosovo stance , neither do i see nato intervention as a good thing , but it stopped massacres , being expelled as bad as being killed . 
  serbia should just get northern kosovo back since it has serbians there , but kosovo should just become part of albania and just end this whose rotten dick is bigger . 
  what 's the point ?
