  still stands my point , communism is a garbage ideology at it 's extreme as much as capitalism is , but capitalism works far better than communism in a long term . 
   that 's the problem of your ** shitty ** country , if you people do n't fight for your own freedom and rights , that 's your problem , not mine . 
  why are you keep using insults ? 
  honestly , grow up . 
   do you anthropomorphise inanimate objects to invent explanations for why they are the way they are in reference to your life ? 
  unlike you , i do n't . 
   communism by definition has no slaves . 
  yeah , sure , what ever you say , not like we lived in commie , times , oh no , no slaves , everybody gets `` paid '' for sure . 
  i 've never heard of this before !, 
  what is this thing called wikilypaedia ? 
  no , but communism destroys millions of people lives , starves them to death . 
  from ussr , to china , to cuba to venezuela . 
  look at s. korea and n. korea , west germany and east germany and you get your results why i rather prefer to live in capitalist society than `` socialist '' one . 
  what is it for then ? 
   excelllent , fought for your freedom , got destroyed , then 40 years of tyranny . 
  what an patriotic example of the sort of futility we 've all come to associate with the baltics . 
  what else we could do ? 
  destroy a second superpower from within ? 
  at least partisans stopped further russian colonization of our region . 
   f you do n't care that you benefit from slavery in the third world , i do n't see why i shout care about you . 
  after all , i do n't profit from you , so what value are you to me ? 
  i do n't care if you care about me , your opinion is absolute zero to me . 
  i just see a random guy that throws tantrum just because i said i hate communism . 
   of course , it did n't help that all were poor to begin with and had external forces try to destroy them constantly . 
  wonder what drove them to communism in the first place ... surely it was n't exploitation !, 
  as if slavery was n't a thing several thousands years ago , long before capitalism ever came into existence . 
  it 's humans nature to exploit others , not ideology . 
  communism is the definition of using workforce as slaves . 
   except nato is and lithuania is a part of nato ... so lithuania is at war . 
  no we are not . 
  do you have any source on lithuania declaring war on * something * ? 
   you ca n't have your soldiers in other countries shooting at their armies and their people and call it `` not war '' shooting , or patrolling ? 
  our soldiers on those countries have very different missions than american ones . 
   and apparently to you it 's even hard to consider usa part of nato . 
  america is part of nato , but is not nato itself . 
   oh well i do know , and since i do n't care about either side , they can both kill themselves off for all i care , i can have an objective opinion . 
  nice response . 
  the butt is itching for you , i see . 
   just because you have allies in the war , does n't meant it 's not war . 
  lithuania is not at war with any body . 
   last i checked usa is a part of nato ... 
  so yes , it 's nato 's fault . 
  what ever floats your boat . 
   and please stop joking , you 're about as much as enemies to terrorists as are kangaroos . 
  they care nothing for you . 
  maybe after they take over france and uk and spain and germany then they 'll want to complete europe , but lithuania with about 2 million people and a territory of average desert is syria is hardly any `` enemy '' of muslim terrorists . 
  you would know . 
  does n't change the fact that they 're island within nato countries . 
   i wish the soviet union would come back so i could tell you that it 's not my problem . 
  fight for your freedom , amirite ? 
  [ which we did . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lithuanian_partisans ) fought for [ our freedom ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/january_events_ ( lithuania \\ ) ) . 
  and nice that fellow european wishes a shitty fate for me and my nation , truly not showing your true face . 
  i mean you can dream that communism will work as much as you want , but in reality it 's far shittier system than that of capitalism , that 's why no sane country is even thinking on adopting it , that 's why every commie state is either poor as fuck or already crumbled . 
   but you are ... 
  i 'm sure there are lithuanian soldiers right now , serving in nato army somewhere , afghanistan , wherever . 
  - deployed personnel : - afghanistan -- 21 ( 2017 est. ), 
  kosovo - up to 5 ( 2017 est. ), 
   you do n't see having your soldiers in someones country as war ? 
  i see supporting your allies is much responsibility as your allies supporting you . 
   and lmao no , those migrants would n't existed if nato did n't meddle it 's fingers . 
  yeah sure . 
  it 's all nato 's fault , not soviet , not russian , not american but nato 's ...  compare islamic terror attacks in western europe before nato started meddling everywhere ( let 's say 80s ) and after ? 
  there 's a big spike yes ? 
  key word , western europe , where saudi arabians send funds to radicalise people . 
   true none in lithuania , but honestly , do you think muslim terrorists could even point out lithuania on the map ? 
  umm , yes , they do . 
  we 're part of nato e.g. 
  part of western world , they do perceive us as enemies . 
   well which nato country is n't at war with someone at this moment ? 
  lithuania , many others . 
   and you could argue that most of them have n't seen peace , since most of them have terrorist attacks in their own countries . 
  that 's by product of taking illegal economic migrants . 
  you talk as if nato is root of all evil ... jesus , what ever you say dude . 
  that 's the problem of a shitty country , if people do n't fight for their own freedom and rights , that 's their problem , not mine . 
  if humans can invent something better than capitalism , i 'm fine with them , as long as it 's not communism . 
  i 'm not asking russian , his or my opinion , i 'm asking the op 's , he proclaims that we 're hostile and i wanted his facts on why we 're hostile in his opinion , which he constantly dodged answering the question . 
  thinking that chechens want to be part of russia is naive thinking . 
  the thing is that communism will only work within paper , but not in reality , human nature will never let communism work , therefore it 's complete waste of time to try to impose absolute communism , it will do more harm than help for society . 
  i 'm for equality , but equally poor is not my taste . 
   now first of all , chechnya has n't been a nation . 
  so , what , that does n't stop them from becoming one . 
   secondly , you are clearly ignorant about what happened in chechnya during the first and second civil war and what role the muslim extremist played there . 
  i know about muslim extremism . 
  i know about chechen wars . 
  which could have been avoided if russia just let go . 
   does that mean you support separatist movements in catalonia and/or eastern ukraine ? 
  actually yes , as long as it does n't involve foreign nation . 
  if russia did n't invade crimea , i would fully support their independence . 
  just look at that face , who needs tits . 
  for sure, 
  as if austria , switzerland is n't ? 
  nato exists since 1949 , tell me again , which nato member state saw war within it 's territory ? 
   chechnya latvia and estonia were n't independent since xii c. , it 's nation 's self determination to choose if it wants to be independent or not . 
   lithuania does n't have a right to keep occupying lands that were formally poland ( recall pre-wwi and wwii borders ) * on 26 april 1994 during the meeting of presidents of both countries in vilnius they concluded the mutual friendship treaty . 
  * poland renounced any claims to these lands . 
   so be careful when you make such broad statements . 
  maybe got back to school , since you clearly lack education . 
  serbs are serbs . 
  yeah , i have hatred for communism and everything that comes with it .
