  sorry , we 're part of the reich . 
  soviets fell and went into extinction . 
  malta is closer to italy than it is to n. africa , what are you talking about ? 
   and not morocco or tunisia ? 
  because those muslim countries that are miles behind cyprus . 
   harsh reality . 
  yeah , right ... 
  it will take several millennia for them to even meet some of the criteria . 
  malta is in europe , cyprus is geographically not in europe , but is influenced by european culture . 
  ww were n't 1v1 on match , the only thing that saved britain was it 's geographical position , else you would be speaking french by now . 
  papa this is xxi c. stop living in the past . 
  short men master race . 
  france ? 
  since franco-prussian war they looked for a re-match . 
  til europe still haves slaves on every corner . 
  well , it 's not only germans , but whole eu alliance . 
  german interests are eu interests , so you will be pretty much left alone after brexit . 
  yeah right , no way . 
  why would we want to kick out cyprus ? 
  if we want green energy for all of europe , we should take at least one african country in , for solar power plant . 
  do n't forget australia , they 're cool . 
  would support that for sure . 
  or maybe neither , as much as i would want belarus and ukraine to be part of eu , they 're far away in meeting criteria . 
  [ always ready . 
   fun fact : hiter did n't want to fight with britian , he wanted to make peace with them . 
  he actually sent one of his most trusted advisers ( forgot his name ) over to secure a peace deal , but the guy was locked up and ignored . 
  same with poland and lithuania , hitler wanted to secure anti-bolshevik alliance first . 
  just like rest of the europe ? 
  if germany would be serious about it 's military again , pretty sure you would shit pants . 
  just create european army already !, 
  then uk will shit it 's pants . 
   my only reason for changing has been because of the anti-uk rhetoric coming out of the eu . 
  laughable . 
  i know , because we 're the only ones that have name for them other than baltarusija ( white russia ) . 
  oh , greece , we 're so familiar . 
  we 're also the only nation in europe that has different name for belarus - gudija . 
  not just german , but also scandinavian and other germanic languages , except english of course . 
  same with polish greatest national poem : * litwo !, 
  are n't belarusians , balts that assimilated to slavs ? 
  because there are little or no written sources , only hydronyms can help identify [ who lived ] ( https://i.imgur.com/0uulnjx.jpg ) back there at 1k b.c. 
  * there is evidence that the area around the vistula lagoon was strongly associated with the aesti : the old prussian and modern lithuanian names for the lagoon , a\u012bstinmari and aistmar\u0117s respectively , appear to be derived from aesti and mari ( `` lagoon '' or `` fresh water bay '' ) . 
  therefore , the oldest known name of the body of the water was `` lagoon of the aesti '' . 
  * p.s. 
  : estonian/estland just means `` land of the east '' , just like baltic sea was called ostsee ( east sea ) once . 
   it 's right there buddy - aestii  estonians = / = aestii . 
  aestii were baltic people , most likely old prussians who traded amber with romans . 
  til byzantine is a city . 
  it 's closer to germany because of german dominance , if latvians had were own land and were in union with lithuania we would be bff now . 
  of course we do , they were just fighting on who should be grand duke of lithuania . 
  are we really the baddies in history books ? 
  :( what did we do wrong ? 
   civil war ** 1130 -- 1240 ** [ amateurs . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lithuanian_civil_war ), 
  not only words , but moves as well . 
   ~ ~ guy ~ ~ boy next door ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ) /, 
  your writing skills are lost in a mist . 
  do you even know what * union * means ? 
  latvians would have become their own lords of the latvian land . 
  jesus h. christ , by we , i mean lithuanians , stop getting butthurt over it . 
  yeah , i guessed as much . 
  the way he wrote can have two interpretations . 
   where did i say you 're mad ? 
  fucking hell people really ca n't comprehend what they read on this site ? 
  you lost man ? 
  i actually agree on this . 
  no , but we would have had enough external enemies to aim them somewhere else . 
  and lithuania is not a successor state to commonwealth ? 
  okay ... 
  agree . 
  this might change drastically after uk leaves eu . 
  sorry , actually misread what you wrote . 
  [ then again half of those lands belonged to grand duchy of lithuania . 
  i mean you have to a dead brainer to not realize that lithuanians were pagans and belarusians were eastern orthodox at that time and guess what faith did gediminas fallowed ... 
  i do n't know where you get this idea that we do not acknowledge belarusian ( gudian ) heritage towards gdl ? 
  we would be more than happy if they saw gdl in a good light , but bending history is acceptable . 
   still mad about targowica . 
  where did i showcase that i 'm mad about it ? 
  it just one of the reasons why we were deleted from political map . 
  actually they started to revolt only after catholics started to oppress non catholics . 
  if they stayed under gdl i doubt they would have even thought about revolting , given that tatar and lithuania relations were far greater than poland would ever had . 
  and yet again , we had more experience in fighting and fending off turkics , than poles . 
  true . 
  yeah , then it 's clear . 
  due to belarusian history they do n't really have much to strongly establish their identity and national pride . 
  since grand duchy of lithuania was master at adapting it took quite some key things from fallen kievan rus ' , it 's code of law and written language : old church slavonic , that is actually closer to ukrainian than belarusian . 
  lithuania was last pagan state of europe , so westernization only came after personal union with poland . 
  only union with lithuania could have save you , but then again , we did n't manage to save ourselves from polish wife menace . 
  maybe he interpreted what was written in wrong way , since as you said history did n't interest him , since lukashenka 's regime is least nationalistic that could exist . 
  [ lithuania ] ( https://i.imgur.com/pq9wzud.png ) as kingdom/grand duchy was a thing since xiii c. till 1795 , when three partitions of polish-lithuanian commonwealth happened between russia empire , austrian/habsburg empire and kingdom of prussia . 
  not really , we started to lose land . 
  t.t y u do dis lenkija ? 
  you made maskva stronker, 
  yes . 
  it was pretty much what doomed us . 
  quite sad we did n't make it in time to the party , had to watch out crowns land border with hungary that were overrun by anti-habsburg hungarian forces . 
  oh , i know that feel , especially when it comes to [ polish-lithuanian identity ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish-lithuanian_identity ) which creates most shitstorm in both ethnicity and history . 
  could you tell me what that belarusian friend was presenting ? 
  reading delfi comments is like reading yt comments , just do n't , nobody are there to debate , only to troll . 
  only around 200 ~ lithuanians participated in ostland holocaust . 
  then again around 900 lithuanians are awarded `` righteous among the nations '' .
