  lithuania during that time was quite split between smetona - our president/authoritarian ruler and voldemaras - fascist that was working in nazi germany in later years of interwar lithuania . 
  jews were very supportive of first soviet occupation , most notable nachman dushanski . 
  balkans have ethnicity wars , we have history wars in former plc land . 
  [ come at us and find out . 
  winter war boosted national pride even more , praise the russians !, 
  actually contrary , pu is the reason why our enemy in the east got stronger . 
  [ personal union with poland ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/union_of_lublin ) and [ russia happened . 
   what makes you think that poles would priotize lithuanian nationalist-imperialist ambitions , over the right of self determination of local polish majority population ? 
  i 'm not talking about vilnius region , i 'm talking about whole of lithuania , you tried to do a coup that would enforce us to join poland . 
  poland was far more imperialistic than nay other neighbouring nation out side soviet russia . 
   ypical lithuanian argument , conveniently ignoring that poland already had a control of the city before \u017beligowski 's revolt pretty much since we regained independence in winter of 1918/1919 ( with interlude of bolshevik control between january and april 1919 ) , till the soviet takeover in june 1920 . 
  we already had control of vilnius since our proclamation of independence ( february 16 ) from vilnius itself , that was within kingdom/republic of lithuania . 
   i actually do n't really care that much about almost uninhabited swamps of polesie , or mostly ukrainian volhynia , as there were virtually worthless once it was apparent that mi\u0119dzymorze / federation wo n't come to fruition ( though it was only apparent after the disastrous riga peace treaty where our belarusian and ukrainian allies were betrayed , in my opinion we should have actually pushed further to help them create their own states , as pi\u0142sudski originally envisioned but alas dmowski 's nationalists were against it ad screwed it up ) . 
  the only moral ambivalence i feel about it is that it did save people living there from soviet totalitarianism - though in such case , the polish government definitely should have given a great deal of local autonomy to polesie , volhynia and stanis\u0142aw\u00f3 voivodships - another great mistake interwar poland did . 
  local autonomy , not creating ruthenian republic as buffer state . 
  you were as much occupational force to them as soviets were . 
   anyhow , the only thing i justify are polish control of the polish-majority area in the northeast of the country , and the polish control of the historically polish ( a part of kingdom of poland since 1340 ) , ethnically mixed in proportions ranging from 40-60 to 50-50 in the southeast of the country . 
  vilnius was not part of kingdom of poland , neither was eastern lithuania , yet you annexed it . 
   til that hard facts and statistics are `` ultranationalistic tendencies '' . 
  facts and statistics can interpreted , given different agenda , yours that poles were morally good , but never bad . 
  sometimes . 
   you were n't ? 
  you surely seemed like ones from the polish perspective , considering what the soviet-lithuanian treaty of summer 1920 entiled . 
  giving soviets military access when their offensive against poland continued ? 
  access through territory that poland/soviets occupied , not through already controlled lithuanian territory . 
  what makes you think that lithuanians will prioritize poland over lithuania 's independence ? 
   or most importantly , taking as a gift a portion of territory soviets just took from poland ? 
  it was not a gift , we already had control of the city before you occupied it , you forgetting \u017deligowski revolt ? 
  poles revolting against poles , does n't sound right , does it ? 
   it stems from the lithuanian obsession in trying to portray poles as evil that 's what your own imagination is thinking . 
   use to justify their blatant landgrab of ethnic polish teritory wile\u0144szczyzna was in the first half of the 20th century . 
  says pole , who tries to justify ukrainian , belarusian land grab . 
  quite sad , vilnius was never part of poland prior to aftermath of ww1 . 
   very infuriating for someone having enough historical knowledge to see through their bullshit . 
  yeah right , definitely not fuelled and blinded by ultra nationalistic tendencies . 
  constantinople never forget . 
  cyprus gave me a bit of stretch , due to turkish cyprus . 
  because the former two were most influential ? 
   well because your `` pan-european heaven '' did n't include them and you spoke about them like you did . 
  for the last three replies were about this so you are just backpedalling now . 
   having said that i found this still hilarious and annoying . 
  what do you think you have compared to us actually ? 
  if you think commonwealth is all yours first you are wrong , secondly still they pale in comparison ( especially in their length ) to the ottoman empire . 
  they were a good rival though . 
  travel to turkey , greece , italy , france , britain and germany . 
  it 'll do good to you . 
  i still do n't understand why are you involving germany , france , italy , we 're all european , i look at myself as european we 're one people , which you 're not part off . 
  it has nothing to do with lithuania or ottoman empire life span . 
   i think it is quite clear your grandfather was a collaborator from you and him hanging out with germans . 
  so do n't lie . 
  wait , wait , drinking beer , giving soap is now collaboration with nazis ? 
   your grandmother on the other hand probably did n't do anything . 
  sad to see someone punished for his husbands crimes . 
  are you really that fucking retarded ? 
   i wish your grandfather a suffering death because he was a collaborator . 
  yes , you actually are , that really , retarded . 
   you are disgusting but probably i can find lithuanian bodies too probably . 
  though you probably consider jews something foreign to you so it narrows down a little . 
  because jews were foreign , they supported first soviet invasion , one of the infamous jew - nachman dushanski , created hell on earth for lithuanians : according to the coroner 's examination after the exhumation , both the report and the testimonies of witnesses , concurred that the soviets cut off tongues , ears , genitals , scalps , put genitals into mouths , picked out eyes , pulled off fingernails , made belts of victims ' skins to tie their hands , burned them with torches and acid , crushed bones and skulls , all done while the prisoners were still alive. , the organizers of the massacre included pyotr raslan , boris mironov , nachman dushanski , political leader of 8th border army mikhail kompanyanec , nkvd kretinga county deputy director yermolayev , nkvd lieutenant zhdanov and others . 
   i do n't understand . 
  i never heard of a idiom like that . 
  did you try to translate it from yout language ? 
  that 's not an idiom and there does n't exist such thing in our language , because we neither commit crimes , nor do we need to hide . 
  you will have to earn it , gib throne . 
  why ? 
  but ... it 's very sexy ... 
   i like how the main two arguments criticizing the eastern borders of interwar poland are internally contradictory . 
  did you make up this `` meme '' ? 
  because we do n't say such things . 
   poland circa 1920 was fighting for its survival against soviet russia , so it should n't come as a surprise that later that year it did n't have a soft spot for soviet russia 's co-belligerents such as the republic of lithuania we were n't soviet co-belligerents what are you talking about ? 
  you do realize we were also fighting against soviets for our own survival . 
  besides what makes you think we will have soft relations with poland after failed 1919 polish coup d'\u00e9tat attempt in lithuania ? 
  - i do n't understand what is your obsession with lithuanians in trying to portray them evil and poland the holy good nation . 
   you still exist with nazi 's you would n't have existed . 
  latvia was a dying nation under ussr , ethnic latvian population shrank ~ 20 % while ethnic russian population tripled , ussr did same shit with their sovietization ( russification ) policy , just in a lot slower pace , so world would n't notice shit . 
   no without them your grandfather would have been killed in one way or another and your mother and your dad and their slavic dog too . 
  you do know lithuanians are not slavs , but balts ? 
  unlike slavs or jews we were n't considered `` sub-human '' by nazi germany . 
  my grandfather had aryan look , i have aryan look too ( green eyes , light hair ) , but i 'm not here to defend nazi ideology , but rather the fact that my grandfather had higher possibility to die from old age under nazi regime than being tortured , mutilated with acid in forest by nkvd squad for not `` obeying '' to soviet occupation . 
   ever heard of generalplan ost ? 
  yes , everyone knows that . 
   do n't they teach you history ? 
  they do , but apparently you 're low educated . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.lituanus.org/1956/56_3_02drunga.html ) , a little drop for you . 
  one day , ruthenian friend , one day . 
   * ex-soviet shitholes * was that really necessary ? 
  ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ) come here ~ ~ belarus ~ ~ gudija , we can be grand ' again . 
  those two go hand to hand . 
  it 's not something that can be fixed over few decades . 
  yes we would , soviets stop at their border , western allies sweep from west right up ussr 's borders , whole of europe is actually liberated and happy . 
  or rather when uneducated population is sent into blender by madman . 
  russia is is full of both . 
  without them my great grandfather would been alive for far longer . 
  no death camps ? 
  and , yes , nkvd had gas chambers . 
  we should finally go full japan/australia mode in mediterranean sea . 
   poland and hungary fucked everyone with their refusal to take fair share of refugees . 
  please , tell me how many isreal has taken syrian refugees , while living next door to them . 
   balts estonians are not balts . 
  besides if russia extradite war criminals that drove tanks over unarmed lithuanian civilians during january ' events we might talk about warmer relations .
