  and some people say it has humor value , we can agree to disagree . 
  are you telling me you did n't get offended by this picture ? 
   and i could have taken this seriously if you did not find such a cheap picture valuable humor material , but sadly you did , so i kinda know you are someone between 16-22 as well , as the other guy said . 
  in this case , you can be sure that i am way more grown than you are . 
  as i said not everyone are robots who feel no emotions , to you it might not be funny , for someone else it might be funny just deal with it . 
   so you expect people to find every accidental picture funny and flood the sub ? 
  are they ? 
   i found the humor cheap and valueless , jesus , what is wrong with you ? 
  you 're the one that started this comment chain , so ask that question yourself . 
  there are 1 504 053 subcribers to / r/europe sub-reddit , 2529 of them are online the post has only 270 upvotes after 13 hours and that makes everyone on this sub-reddit immature . . ? 
   oh sorry , there is a big difference . 
  they just appear so due to photo perspective , and the guy thought it has a big value so he shared it . 
  right ? 
  this should be the story . 
  now it is an entirely different thing , then !, 
  we should appreciate the humor now !, 
  not everyone are pessimistic people with sad lives who get triggered by one picture on something that has nothing to do with them , grow up buddy . 
   to be honest you are the one who got triggered by my comment , since you are also in that bandwagon . 
  look how fervently you defend the op . 
  ^ ^ show me where i defend op ? 
  especially where exactly am i mentioning him ? 
   erdogan or merkel , does not matter who , drawing horns on them or thinking such an accidental picture having a bit of value at all , is a clear sign that the person is between the ages of 16-22 . 
  so you expect young folk to be robots without any feelings ? 
  take joke and role with it , jesus , what 's wrong with you ? 
  you really expect old folks to use internet daily , especially on such sub-reddit as europe ? 
   but i 'm not a porn actor !, 
  yet . 
  he 's not austrian . 
   welcome to the world populated by young idiots influenced by fuckers from california . 
  okay ... 
  i do n't know which is worse !, 
  those horns are n't even drawn . 
   anyway , like that austrian friend said , this sub is full of teenage kids . 
  one should n't expect a lot . 
  the thing is that you act like one of those kids that got triggered by accidental picture . 
  i think same way , it 's country of countries , since lithuania was part of [ country of countries ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish\u2013lithuanian_commonwealth ) once . 
  * made two male classmates strip dance for me * lonely , bitter male ... 
  okay . 
  first thing you do n't know what weeb means , second i 'm far from weeb , i neither care nor actually practice japanese culture , i barely watch anime at all . 
  because i 'm a dude , dude . 
  close , but not there yet . 
  fifth column, 
  we wuz jesus n shit, 
  just like you friend . 
  jesus got nothing on perk\u016bnas , the god of thunder . 
  got ta pay the rent somehow . 
  actually i 'm everything what your heart desires . 
  black jesus ? 
  not being cute enough . 
  just google it , jesus . 
  i could n't care less about that bonobo 's opinion . 
  uk is country of countries . 
  \u0160\u0161\u0161\u0161 stop lying , latvis means brother no matter what you say !, 
  would like some goebbelsfries with that sugar ? 
  perks of being european you can read weird looking latter . 
  the day i prefer to cuddle with russian more than i would with american is the day all world lives in peace . 
  you 're nitpicking countries , most of us are not like hungary or poland , most of us still oppose migrant quotas because of how idiotic it is . 
  probably mostly due to aftermath of uprising against tsarist russia in 1831-1833 when they brutally dealt with participants of rebellion , as one estonian already said here cross-carving is a traditional lithuanian art , people built crosses for `` better fate '' by the early xx c. it became a sacred place where worshipping and indulgence was practised and leaving a cross on hill became a cultural thing . 
  yes . 
  also denmark . 
  yes . 
  [ hmm . 
  ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/66/e8/3b/66e83b26b30dce72248928122ff37c11.jpg ), 
  perhaps . 
  you know why . 
  come this way if you 're gay . 
  would be surprised if we did after * jonin\u0117s * . 
  [ guess it 's time to get to my daily routine . 
  you did n't take the joke ? 
  [ guess it 's time to get to my daily routine . 
  so did soviets , i wonder why nobody is mocking them . 
  [ baltic and north seas are best seas !!!, 
  even today russia is sheltering criminals who drove over people with tanks , russia just never changes . 
  does anyone know his number ? 
  dungeon master . 
  hmm , i wonder what source is used for that ? 
  i never said overthrow , i said disobeying commands that breaches your own morality . 
  german army has it now , it 's legal to disobey order if it breaches moral wall . 
  i get it though , it would be hard to convince people to turn against their own masters , given that by the time i would do , i would probably be hunted down . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_new_european kind a funny how it 's british but pro-eu , guess both parties are pretty spineless in uk . 
  [ hill of crosses ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hill_of_crosses ) * the precise origin of the practice of leaving crosses on the hill is uncertain , but it is believed that the first crosses were placed on the former jurgai\u010diai or domantai hill fort after the 1831 uprising . 
  over the generations , not only crosses and crucifixes , but statues of the virgin mary , carvings of lithuanian patriots and thousands of tiny effigies and rosaries have been brought here by catholic pilgrims . 
  the exact number of crosses is unknown , but estimates put it at about 55,000 in 1990 , 100,000 in 2006 and 200,000 in 2013 *, 
  it means i 'm no some kind of teenage jerk off . 
  strange times . 
  northern crusade never forget , the deluge even more never forget . 
  actually i would be first one to die in front line if war happened tomorrow as i serve in military . 
  even then [ unlikely to not suffer . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soviet_famine_of_1932\u201333 ), 
  even again we do n't have resources to save * everyone * . 
  i know , poland and lithuania are the only states that manage to save at least parts of prussian culture . 
  definitely , but then again there are still not so fortune people on european continent . 
  bulka means white bread in lithuanian :0, 
   send your parents , siblings , children , spouse to the gulags for an action you could have avoided ? 
  my great grand mother was raped and killed by red army soldier , my great grandfather died as resistance fighter , my grand father and the rest of the family escaped soviet lithuania and settled in usa and came back in late 80 's . 
  it does n't matter if you obey or disobey either way red terror is coming . 
   ask anyone else here , ask yourself , how would you choose : go into the frozen meat grinder and maybe die , or shoot at the superior officer , surely die and condemn your family to a very , very miserable existence ? 
  second for sure , if i 'm going to hell might as well take that commie lapdog bastard with me . 
  in land where people did n't give in into regimes they hated ? 
  sacrifices must be made for greater good .
