  or other scientific researches , i 'm not bothering on teaching basic stuff that your high school should have done or your parents . 
   someone governing laws of physics and creation in such scale is quite comparable to religious definition of a god . 
  there is no such thing to begin with . 
  i do n't understand what in your crackhead you image ruling earth , it 's definitely not some kind of god , else he would struck me down already and ascended you to god like powers , but it did n't because it does n't exist . 
  unlike religion , scientific researches are only accepted when facts and proofs are given . 
  and i do n't care what kind of religion you 're talking about , none should be accepted , you do n't need to believe in budah , to meditate . 
   there maybe is some higher force that governs the laws of physics . 
  that would be different types of civilizations , more evolved living beings , not gods . 
  humans are living beings and can reach those types of civilizations , bionics , cybernetics are our future , that does n't mean that we will become gods . 
    if i hand you a box , people claiming it surely has something inside are as equally stupid as those claiming there is n't . 
  that 's why you open the box and see who is right . 
  the liar should never be trusted again on what he says . 
   to both claims there is no proof and some bigger force not existing is not a default state in this debate . 
  alien existence = / = god . 
  and how is that stupid ? 
  god did n't create earth , he did n't create life , let alone human . 
  physics and biology did all of this . 
  another brainwashed by religion serb . 
   on one hand i think blasphemy law is ridiculous , but i still do n't understand the necessity of some people to insult and downgrade other people 's beliefs in the name of free speech . 
  because believing in god is pretty much a weak mental disorder . 
  i 'm in favour of keeping churches as cultural heritage , but believing in something that does n't exist is bit ridiculous , do n't you think ? 
   i do n't think the reformation was as progressive as people make it out to be . 
  the only difference between roman catholicism , lutheranism and eastern orthodoxy is one fallows pope , other says `` fuck the pope '' and the last gets it 's own pope with blackjacks and hookers . 
  true , though still , i do n't see europe being worse under france , contrary , pre-eu could have been built . 
  * they * has no gender . 
  * jie * / * jos * does . 
  - in lithuania you can identify group of people together with their respective genders , you ca n't do that in english . 
  oh right , french * j * is our * \u017d * . 
  he 's typical pole , always good , never bad . 
  * keulan * sounds like * kaulas * in our language which means * bone * . 
  apparently germans have sense of humour . 
  heresy . 
  [ because we love you . 
  for western germans . 
  english obviously going to win , so why not . 
  after you pushed off east germanics . 
  sure it wo n't , believe in whatever your tiny pinky head believes in . 
  do you even know what assimilation means ? 
  dude , stop making me laugh . 
  i do n't need to disagree since you 're talking total bs , how are we assimilating into who ? 
  we had it , it was awful . 
  yep , what ever you say , weirdo . 
  there are several dozens countries with this kind of population , so what ? 
  all of these are understandable , except that jx , makes no sense to me . 
  aha , what 's next , ivan ? 
  you 're talking total bs , that 's what . 
  that explains commonblob . 
  i 'm not blaming russia . 
  it 's just logic . 
  the ww1 happened because a-h declared war on serbia , since russia did n't want further german influence in the balkans , since they wanted their influence in the balkans , they declared war on austria-hungary , since russia was involved , germany had to declare war on russia , since russia was in war france had to declare war on germany , since germans wanted quick victory over france , they had to invade neutral belgium , after breaking belgium neutrality uk has to intervene and so beginning the whole chain . 
  without russia , austria-hungary would just gobble up serbia or made it a protectorate without starting all this chain that caused ww1 on global scale . 
  germanization for everybody , woohoo !, 
  is the x identify as `` sh '' in `` shoe '' or `` ks '' as `` xerxes '' ? 
  doubtful . 
  you do realize ussr and nazis had economical ties before war ? 
  ussr is the one that helped nazi germany to stand economically back on feet , in return they got german technology . 
  where do you see me being naive ? 
  i just proved that russia is still imperialistic nation . 
   hypothetically if russia did n't exist i do n't see how the course of war would have changed drastically early on in the favor of the allies in belgium , the netherlands , france and north africa , is that somehow old soviet propaganda or does saying `` the reason hitler was so successful '' has to include more than just the eastern theater to be historically accurate ? 
  without russia ww2 would n't have happened , because hitler would n't have risen to power post ww1 , because ww1 would n't have happened without russia . 
   russia has shown zero imperial ambitions beyond its borders  russia annexes crimea whatever floats your boat . 
  i would assume that grand duchy of lithuania + kingdom of poland or polish-lithuanian commonwealth is not a popular topic in western countries . 
  let alone northern crusades . 
  do any of these countries annexed piece of other country 's territory in past 3 years ? 
  unlike russia , sweden , finland , belarus , poland or any other country does not pose a threat , does not train their military for invasion on nuke attack , so please , do n't bs me with this `` illogical fear of russia '' . 
  when clearly past 800 years of history with russia did not change . 
  it took three countries to take down polish-lithuanian commonwealth so no . 
  russia was not powerful , it just had a lot of land . 
  i 'm talking about my country , i do n't give a shit about other parts of russian empire , both ussr and russian empire shit on my countries culture , language and demographics . 
  modern russia did n't change a single bit , they 're still trying to russify it 's non-russian `` republics '' within rufed . 
  while maintaining imperialistic ambitions towards neighbouring countries . 
   you 're blaming hitler 's desire for revenge over ww1 on russia ? 
  that 's not what he 's saying . 
  if it was n't for russia germany , france and uk would n't been involved in austro-hungarian ambitions towards serbia . 
  sudden hate ? 
  russia was always proud of it 's crime filled past . 
  mikhail muravyov-vilensky - northwestern krai ( lithuania and belarus ) governor of russian empire , nick named by the poles and lithuanians as `` hangman of vilnius '' , is looked as hero . 
  or nachman dushanski - jewish officer of soviet security agencies ( nkvd , nkgb , mgb , kgb ) in the lithuanian ssr for over thirty years . 
  in russia he was regarded as a war hero and was awarded the medal for courage , order of the patriotic war , and order of lenin . 
  while in lithuania he 's war criminal due to his organization of horrific acts towards innocent lithuanian population . 
   according to the coroner 's examination after the exhumation , both the report and the testimonies of witnesses , concurred that ** the soviets cut off tongues , ears , genitals , scalps , put genitals into mouths , picked out eyes , pulled off fingernails , made belts of victims ' skins to tie their hands , burned them with torches and acid , crushed bones and skulls , all done while the prisoners were still alive ** . 
  there is a reason why russia is one of the most hated countries in europe . 
  sanctions are against oligarchs e.g. 
  rich people of russia , not common ivan . 
  if those russians instead of drinking vodka gone to streets to protest against putin 's regime who is responsible for thousands of dead ukrainians , georgians , who constantly violates air space of sovereign nations , who would n't put nukes next to neighbouring countries etc. 
  maybe then we could have farm relations again . 
  so what , russian empire was no better and it occupied us for 123 years . 
   considering russia/ussr is the worst enemy my country ever had . 
   this map is satisfying me . 
  you 're telling me ussr did n't annex eastern part of interwar poland and did n't shake hands with nazis on the newly created border ? 
  hitler and ussr invaded poland together though , it 's a fact that remains true to this day no matter how much russia or old soviet propaganda spills it out . 
  i see a lot of comments people claiming this stupidity that hitler would won the war if it was n't for russian existence ... without russians ww1 probably would n't have happened , as russia was the great power that started the chain of great powers joining the war . 
   a-h empire declares war on serbia , russia declares war on a-h , germany declares war on russia , france declares war on a-h and germany , germany invades belgium , breaking their neutrality , uk enters the war and so on . 
  without ww1 it 's doubtful ww2 would have happened , since ww2 was caused by german revanchism and denial to transition from kleindeutschland to gro\u00dfdeutschland e.g. 
  letting germany and austria unite after ww1 . 
  because russians themselves were conquering and enslaving other nations . 
  i 'd rather live in under french empire than russian one . 
  why do people assume without russia napoleon or hitler would rule the continent , there were several countries who opposed him . 
  you forget that russia is the reason why poland-lithuania fell and it was the reason why lithuania kept in personal union with poland after teutonic order fell . 
  plc might been the counterweight that would finish napoleon off , and without russia , hitler would n't rise to power and germans would n't feel bitter sweet on losses due to ww1 that brought economical hardness .
