  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/33/northern_europe_november_1939.png ) green - neutral nations black - germany and occupied nations red - soviet union and occupied nations . 
  orange - neutral nations with soviet military bases - also it was co-belligerent only during continuation war , not during winter war ( when ussr invaded finland ) , not nazi-sympathizer , given the fact they protected their jewish minority and refused to extradict them to nazi germany . 
  do n't speak about specific history if you do n't know any of it , . 
  i just gave you sources of soviets wanting to make finland commie state and you say no ... okay . 
  it 's not hard to google you know . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/finnish_democratic_republic https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/otto_wille_kuusinen#head_of_the_terijoki_government, 
   defeat and victory does not mean unconditional surrender . 
  not being part of commie bloc counts a victory to me . 
   defeat and victory does not mean unconditional surrender . 
  given that they already occupied half of poland , parts of romania , all of lithuania , estonia and latvia , yes . 
  awesome , you can see people being dead inside just by looking at them dancing and having fun . 
  finland was not defeated , since there was [ peace treaty ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/moscow_peace_treaty ) . 
   hidden goal , that 's so convenient . 
  you can make up whatever goal you want , say they failed at it , and then present it like a defeat . 
  you really think commies were n't aiming for adding finland into ussr ? 
  pyrrhic victory while failing main but hidden goal - occupation all of finland which counts as victory for finland . 
  does n't look misery to me . 
  [ no wonder soviets lost against you . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hnm8wvl-ncc ) out memeing russians . 
   wow , the baltics are impressively flat . 
  yeah , it sucks . 
   the vatnik is not wrong . 
  what are you implying with him not being wrong ? 
  and supporting instability is not petty ? 
   rogozin tweeted friday . 
  `` look forward to a reply , you snakes . '' he used the russian word `` gady , '' which has no direct translation but can be variously interpreted as reptile , snake , vermin or skunk . 
  pretty much just trying to insult . . 
  and that would be ? 
  having several relationships is also insecurity ? 
  yeah , but i do n't see any other reason for brits to live in lithuania other than being diplomats or maybe businessmen . 
  only half , mostly northern germany is protestant . 
  northern europe is safe ... right ? 
  good bot, 
   i am saying that i find it stupid and of low humor value . 
  sorry if that hurt your feelings lol . 
  clearly your feelings got hurt by this picture . 
  lol  well it kinda is , instead of elaborating why it should be found funny , you replied like an 8 year old kid . 
  no offense . 
  but anyway , this has become extremely long so this is my last comment in this thread . 
  well i 'm talking to a kid after all . 
  also in some countries uk citizens might been lithuanians who lived in uk due to soviet occupation of lithuania . 
   in the early 20th century , many latvian and lithuanian refugees began to settle in glasgow and at its height in the 1950s , there were around 10,000 in the glasgow area . 
   to say the humor has low value ? 
  to give an opinion ? 
  what now , are you gon na tell i should not even talk about it ? 
  again , what is wrong with you ? 
  and i gave my own opinion , i do n't care what kind of humour value it has , if it makes me laugh , i 'm happy , i do n't write how unhappy i 'm because it did n't make me laugh . 
   comment is written not to get appreciation from the others - at least i do n't - also there was another person who found it stupid , so . 
  it 's quite obvious you will get down voted when you cry about such minor stuff . 
   one is an accidental photo the other is a photo given with a consent . 
  so we breached erdogan 's insecurity yet again ? 
   yeah i did learn that there were people who find such low level humor funny , and did you learn about the other side of the coin by now ? 
  i did understand you did not like it , but shoving your opinion down people 's throat is n't the way to do . 
   just like you friend . 
  if you consider that an attack then i have sad news for you ... 
  i pointed out how are you wasting time . 
   and i do n't care if you find my comment useless , you are the one who lost his shit after i said the humor here is cheap . 
  as if you did not ? 
   ah you have totally deviated from the discussion by now . 
  how did i ? 
  one stupid picture with another stupid picture , both are funny , what 's hard to understand ? 
   so you now learnt to deal with it , or ? 
  have n't you ? 
   i do n't know , i am pretty new on reddit , but judging the first 9-10 pages , the sub does not promise much in this regard as the other guy said . 
  well you 're free to leave , you know . 
   pretty much this is what you have been doing for the past comments in this chain :d oh yeah , where ? 
  if it 's not your type and worthless why even bother to type comment and waste your time on it ? 
  seems quite counter productive . 
  nobody cares that you do n't like , it 's that simple . 
   so what is this point of your comment ? 
  -   you : some people really have nothing else to do in life , i guess . 
    me : just like you friend . 
  you did exactly same thing . 
  some post `` funny '' pictures , some post `` useless '' comments . 
   haha damn no , as i said , it could have been kim jong or david cameroon , i would have given the same reaction . 
  it 's stupid , i mean , i do n't find any humor value in this at all . 
  i guess me finding this stupid though makes you feel offended , or ? 
  was albert einstein stupid because of [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/8/86/einstein_tongue.jpg ) ? 
   there are those who find it funny , and there are those who find this level of humor quite stupid . 
  deal with it . 
  i did , as i said you 're the one that started this chain . 
   they are , given this `` accidental '' picture which we were expected to find funny . 
  are there more of them here ? 
  i really doubt . 
   yeah my initial comment stated that already , then you commented under by attacking me , since you were triggered as fuck . 
  so i am asking to you , what is wrong with you ? 
  who the hell did i attacked you ? 
  :d are n't you a special snowflake , * i 'm attacked by triggerman * . 
  perhaps . 
   who is even talking about permissions or whatnot ? 
  that was rhetorical question . 
   you do not need permission to poop in the middle of your house , but if you do , you will be taken as an idiot . 
  this and this are mutually exclusive , i do n't know how they 're comparable . 
   it will only show the level of your humor , which some may find quite low , and you should not wonder why . 
  so you do agree that whoever do not share your level of humour are immature ? 
  so you 're kind a small bigot ? 
  so everyone who do not share humour with you are immature ? 
  do i need to get permission from you to laugh ? 
   if merely saying this picture has no humor value at all is `` getting triggered '' then you also do n't know what getting triggered means . 
  in that case , i attribute this to your english .
