   he is n't hes got the support of the moderate muslims , the crazy ones either went to the moderate rebels ( which you backed ) which hack off heads and rape people , and install sharia law , or went to isis , which again , same thing . 
  moderate muslims in syria , what a joke . 
   but they literally bombed the shit out of our country and infrastructure , and then took a nice chunk of it . 
  if that does n't qualify them as enemies , i do n't know what would . 
  they did n't do it out of sky , there was a reason for this you know . 
   even with all that , serbia has good relations with the eu , and is negotiating to join . 
  we just wo n't legitimize what they did . 
  who are `` they '' ? 
   russia on the other hand , them you consider to be mortal enemies . 
  because unlike poles , they still praise killers , and refuse to extradict murderers , who ran over unarmed people with tanks during january events . 
  because you have nothing meaningful to say . 
   you still do n't know what the scenario that we are supposed to be discussing is ? 
  i 'm telling you to google it for 10 minutes , and yet you wo n't , or ca n't . 
  google what , your naked pictures to make my night horrific ? 
   say lithuania gets nuked and some hypothetical french soldiers in lithuania get nuked . 
  if france nukes russia , then france itself is getting nuked . 
  why for the love of god would they have their own country get nuked over that ? 
  you 're trying to apply logic on illogical thing , why would russia nuke lithuania in the first place . 
  and as i said it would break the barrier , france would n't be the only country nuking russia , there is usa , gb etc that would too . 
  china would land grab russia 's asian part . 
  japan would take back the northern island . 
   why do n't you just google it for five minutes ? 
  once you know what the potential scenario is , we can discuss it . 
  but you 're getting there . 
  sorry , i ca n't comprehend idiocy on why would country nuke another country , just out of the blue . 
  i ca n't understand the purpose and gain from it . 
  i need your delusional mind to explain to me this , so please , say it or keep your mouth shut since you got nothing to answer . 
   no it would n't . 
  again , nobody is nuking russia over you . 
  if nato forces are nuked that are stationed within lithuania , sure as hell russia is going to get nuked . 
  sorry , i 'm not into fantasies , what makes you think that russia would ever nukes us ? 
  when nato forces pushes back invading russian forces ? 
  because that would mean obliteration of russia itself . 
  why would i hate that ? 
  it 's their problem , not our , it 's none of my business how they live or what they do , as long as they do n't cross the border which putin loves to do . 
  they 're just sheep , putin is their shepherd . 
  go ahead tell me about your fantasies . 
  i do n't hate russia , i hate putin . 
  it 's not scary to accept it when you 're thinking logically , these kind of if 's are too retarded , we 're not strategic place to be nuked to begin with . 
  your awful fantasies will stay fantasies . 
  how so ? 
  besides , kosovo 's independence took a war and years with un to accept it 's independence . 
  which ca n't be said about crimea . 
  i do n't really like how are you trying to compare two . 
  but since you 're serbian and iirc military guy , it 's obvious why you do , ultra nationalism is hell drug . 
   if the us decided to nuke us tomorrow , nobody would be able to lift a finger , and nobody would retaliate against them . 
  pretty sure whole world would turn against them , they probably would n't nuke them , but sure as hell everyone would severe ties with them economically and politically . 
  usa might manage to survive , but russia would literally crumble from this . 
   it is not about what rights you have . 
  it is about the fact that nobody is getting nuked back over you . 
  either way , this topic is total non sense , in no world would russia ever nuke us out of the blue . 
  and stayed independent , not annexed into some kind of nato federation . 
  russian forces invaded peninsula , made `` referendum '' and they magically joined russia . 
  that 's pretty much what poland did with our capital back in the 1920 's . 
  if crimea obtained independence like we did from ussr , then i would have supported it . 
  how do you know that ? 
  if nato nuked serbia , you think anybody would care , is that what you 're saying ? 
  small nations have no right to exist ? 
   if russia was to use nuclear weapons on your territory , it is only you who would burn . 
  russia would lose it 's face on the planet for good . 
   nato might want to retaliate , but they sure as hell are n't nuking russian territory , so it might be you again . 
  only an idiot would launch a nuke , not even russia is this stupid , the only thing that makes russia relevant this days , is it 's nuke arsenal , else it would been brushed off long ago . 
  if after intervention it became independent , yes . 
  happy b-day , my lovely europos s\u0105junga !, 
   in serbia at the time i meant . 
  that does not make it okay . 
   as for independence , not everybody gets to have that . 
  everyone deserve to have it . 
  good thing nato intervened . 
   so pretty much the same as everywhere . 
  and that everywhere is ? 
   i 'm not defending them . 
  they are terrorists . 
  neither was kosovo , nor serbia a good guy , that 's what should be known . 
   how did this oppression look like , pray tell ? 
  revoking autonomy , making them second class citizens . 
  violently putting down protests . 
  there was party named democratic league of kosovo that sought peaceful independence , but guess why extremist group became more popular . 
   whole of serbia was under the same regime , yet you did n't see me shooting rpgs that i bought with drug money at police patrols . 
  so why defend those who did ? 
   turning to nazis is never justified . 
  yeah , but is saved them 50 years of communism that would have raped their economy and nation . 
   im not anti nato , im just stating nobody will stage a nuclear war over a small territory like the baltics . 
  on paper it sounds glorious , but in reality it would be a major fuck up . 
  what you do is guessing , nothing more . 
  again , in reality russia would not make an outright war for the baltics , even china was against crimea annexation , they have no reliable allies in the world and wo n't have , since after all , they 're authoritarian state . 
   ukraine is still fighting , and i see how the west is behind their back . 
  us backing ukrainian government would only give russia even bigger reason to intervene which would cause this `` civil war '' to go on bigger scale . 
   it did , until russians intervened , assad had the smallest area of territory , now he controls almost all of pre war syria . 
  because he 's an oppressive dictator , he 's very unpopular in syria , but is a good russian puppet . 
   i know , but their army is n't . 
  you wo n't be fighting junkies from siberia . 
  yeah , that 's why mh17 , a civilian airlaner was not shot down . 
  you 're delusional if you think russian army is highly skilled/trained . 
  russia big army numbers are on conscripts that i assume endure more hazing in the army than training . 
   you did . 
  i did n't , nor did my parents , as i said , belgrade was anti-milosevic , read up on it , there were daily protests against him . 
  or you know , you could just over threw him . 
   europe ( britain , france ) were there and were superpowers . 
  such superpowers that it took a phony war to start actual war against nazi germany after invasion of poland .
