  soviet union and nazi germany had long on going economical partnership , the molotov-ribbentrop pact 's secret clauses were final coffin into europe being divided by two totalitarian states , that took the slices like buddies , shaking each others hand after meeting in middle of poland . 
  spain , ding ding ding ? 
  like there is much for spain and n. africa, 
  and there is much water between iberian peninsula and n. africa ? 
  feels like belarus and lukashenko , eternal president , just with shadow on his side . 
  do we deny it ? 
  do we like celebrate nazi victory ? 
  do we still have hitlers and other nazi statues in our country ? 
  in place in hell do we defend nazi war crimes , or collaborationist who did it for them , unlike russians who praise barbarous totalitarian state , who remembers in good light most barbarous dictators , who still are hiding war criminals who ran over un-armed civilians with tanks during january events . 
  what can i say , go fuck yourself . 
  i do n't assume everyone is troll . 
  i take several variables that gives me the assumption . 
  could you tell me how does russia 's presidency work ? 
  can you only serve for two terms ? 
  stalin did jack shit to win war , it 's generals and army who did it , not him . 
  i just can not comprehend how russian can live within authoritarian regime , hope one day it will change for the better . 
  and there is no water between greece and middle east ? 
  in internet nobody knows you 're a dog , you can be anybody , you can lie etc. 
  trolls will always mask themselves . 
   as for stalin , he likely gets credit for not losing in ww2 . 
  i 'd wager that in 20 years from now he will be seen more positively . 
  it 's ukrainians , belarusian , russians etc who should get the credit , not genocidal criminal . 
  why bunch of russians appear in this thread and are trying to defend soviet crimes ? 
  that was in later years of interwar . 
  lithuanians were oppressing poles too , so did poles on oppressing lithuanians within their borders . 
  soviets oppressed every single subject in most brutal fashion . 
  besides pretty sure those people that were under stalin would rather live within polish state , than soviet russia/ussr . 
  i never said it was okay . 
  besides russia invaded and annexed crimea breaking international law , while sudetenland had whole munich agreement . 
  again apples and oranges . 
  what stops northern africa then ? 
  look how old his acc is . 
  i doubt he believes in that , he 's here to shit post , that 's all , i meet dozens like , most of the time they delete their acc days later . 
  i was clearly talking about fleeing to poland or romania . 
  even travelling through internal borders you had to have documents and be allowed to do so . 
  ussr was big clusterfuck of oppressive dictatorship . 
   if they did allow it , would n't it simply have resulted in more deaths in other regions ? 
  ...  if there are 10 people , and there is enough bread to feed 6 of them , 4 are going to die no matter what . 
  if there are 10 people and there is enough bread to feed 6 of them , while 4 piss off to england , all fucking 6 are fed , while the 4 earn loaf of bread in england . 
  what you said does n't make sense . 
  we 're not here to talk about poland , but soviet russia and soviet union . 
  about soviet crimes , not polish one . 
  it was planned , soviet border patrols did not allow any fleeing . 
  for you , not for us . 
  poland tried to create independent ukrainian and belarusian states fyi , but due to war with soviet russia it could n't . 
  and those lands do n't belong to russia or soviet union , it 's their ( belarusian and ukrainian ) right for self determination . 
  ignorance of your knowledge on lithuanian history under nazi regime . 
  those numbers were in paper , not in the practice , opinions between nazis in berlin and nazi generalkommissar of the regions were different . 
  where do you see me saying it have n't happened elsewhere ? 
   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/munich_agreement comparing nazi germany 's plans to annex ethnic german inhabited land to that of literally splitting half of europe . 
  well done . 
   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zaolzie#part_of_poland_.281938.e2.80.931939.29 czechoslovakia took that land from poland which was inhabited by poles while they were pre-occupied in war with soviet russia . 
  - what can i say apples and oranges . 
  sorry , but when you think you 're too high while being under the sea , you clearly ca n't be the alpha nation . 
   do you realize this was done in lots of other genocides too ? 
  systematic government acknowledged starvation of people , who prevented any fleeing to other states like poland or romania , completely closing border . 
  instead of imprisoning in jails , you imprison them within their homes . 
   p.s. 
  also other regions greeted soviets . 
  people will greet anyone who frees them from an opresor . 
  only an absolute retard would greet soviets after first occupation has occured . 
  nazis were lesser evil in the baltics , their enemies were slavs and jews , not balts ( lithuanians , latvians ) or finnics ( estonians , finns ) . 
  for g.b. 
  in lithuanian it would be did\u017eioji britanija . 
  what was it then ? 
   it also devides the world , maybe we should try to be friendly with russia after they extradict criminals that ran over un-armed civilians with tanks during january events , which they 're refusing to do so . 
  after they stop violating our air space . 
  after they stop throwing tantrum that few thousand nato soldiers that are stationed here is `` insane threat '' to russia . 
  good to see european solidarity . 
  funnily enough they were hitler 's ally before operation barbarossa . 
  you do realize soviets killed or at least deported to coldest parts of russia from children to elderly people ? 
  there is reason why lithuanians greeted nazi german army as liberators from first soviet occupation . 
   according to the coroner 's examination after the exhumation , both the report and the testimonies of witnesses , concurred that ** the soviets cut off tongues , ears , genitals , scalps , put genitals into mouths , picked out eyes , pulled off fingernails , made belts of victims ' skins to tie their hands , burned them with torches and acid , crushed bones and skulls , all done while the prisoners were still alive ** . , the organizers of the massacre included pyotr raslan , boris mironov , nachman dushanski , political leader of 8th border army mikhail kompanyanec , nkvd kretinga county deputy director yermolayev , nkvd lieutenant zhdanov and others . 
  traitor !, 
  if that 's how you wanted to go down in history books , who am i to judge . 
   nato nowadays has only served to escalate tensions with russia that 's where you 're wrong buddy , sorry . 
  he 's not doing it for you . 
  we 're number 1 !, 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/muscovite\u2013lithuanian_wars#first_or_border_war_.281492.e2.80.931494.29 ), 
  that place is only known as second `` cheap hub of cigaretes '' after you gudija . 
  besides people still call it karaliau\u010dius ( k\u00f6nigsberg ) . 
  fuck ... you 're right , i 'm terribly sorry . 
  i did n't read what the guy you responded to was writing , so my nationalistic view caught on that spot fast . 
  not long ago i was arguing with a brit that lithuanians are not slavs , which surely made me friggin ' mad . 
  which is or at least was european land and due to it 's political importance is the reason why turkey is not brushed away as yet another middle eastern country . 
  besides were is no such a thing as `` baltic russia '' and such words would give you a fist into an eye . 
  if it was about piece of land then kazakhstan would also be included , it 's due to political and cultural proximity . 
  baltarusija means white russia like in any other language . 
  colours were used for geographical location of kievan rus ' lands . 
  my point is that turkey is included due to european influence , while you trying to deny that , which means you surely think `` turks are european '' , that 's why they 're included . 
  why else would you be so mad after mentioning greek influence ? 
  you got all the defensive about it , trying to make me the baddie ( one that is trying to insult ) while i 'm just stating a fact . 
   it is cute that you think being european means something though . 
   proved my point . 
  well done . 
  we 're not microstate !!!, 
  :( [ make lithuania great again !, 
  may i ask what are you trying to say ? 
  i more thinking about migrant crisis than turkey . 
  it became politically close to europe , but far from being called european nation .
