  considering reading skills are key for bookkeeping and an effective state administration , the destiny of the nations were mostly in the hands of those 5 % . 
  since the bible was in latin and the administration ( including the economy , diplomacy and trade ) in most nations was made in the local language or in some lingua franca , and since there were no manuals how learn languages , literature was often the resource used . 
  it is true in the portuguese case where `` os lus\u00edadas '' were used through centuries to teach people how to read and i suspect it was true for many other nations . 
  like viking sagas or greek epic literature , `` os lus\u00edadas '' helped shape nationality , thus granting another block for the stability of the nation . 
  literature , for the good or the bad , is key in shaping public opinion . 
  the renaissance and the liberal revolution did n't happen only with science but with a profound change in arts and though . 
  though that was put in books and shared around europe with the invention of the printing press . 
  the literature is a basic stone of our liberal/western society , like or not . 
  as a final example i ask you to imagine how many scientist , modern and contemporary that decided to follow science because they were inspired by science fiction literature from jules verne to h. g. wells and many others and then tell me that literature is n't important for the existence of our society . 
   i could trigger you a little more , if i talk about the hierarchy within science itself . 
  you could try . 
  just put physics on top and i would be laughing at you little peasant that only enjoys discovery science . 
  the best one seems to be greece-macedonia . 
  thanks . 
  i 'm not blaming you or the author . 
  every one of you is free to present your opinion the way you prefer to . 
  but you are introducing the article about a issue most of the people here never heard about so it would be nice to present one that would explain what is exactly the problem and what both sides argue instead of a piece that tries to advance only of them . 
  from what i 've read on other sources this is not as one sided as it seems and i understand now why it raised so much controversy . 
  yes , indeed i 'm triggered . 
  as someone who just majored in a scientific field , i do n't like your supremacist attitude towards other fields necessary to the society , very much including literature . 
  literature was and still is one of the ways the society was built upon . 
  it is a way of sharing ideas and express emotions that scientific papers will never provide , including poetry . 
  i really do n't see any comparaison possible between science and the arts , but somehow you found a way to hate the latter . 
  maybe a bad experience analyzing poems in school , but it does you no good . 
  edit : english, 
  the entire article is writing as an opinion piece in a clearly biased way . 
  i have never heard about the case , but i would like to know the doctors position on why they decided death ( by turning off the support machine ) was preferable or why the courts decided to uphold their decision . 
  i can not simply judge while only half of the problem is presented to me . 
  not necessarily . 
  take the dark ages in europe , for example . 
  if you consider it as a step backwards from greco-roman times , it does n't mean they are in course with the times , but you 'd think they are actually behind , since past `` achievements '' were lost . 
  so it is not as linear as it might seem . 
  regarding the roman context . 
  my point is , in europe and around ( let 's exclude china , since we would need to compare both empires on a one-to-one basis ) , roman was by fair the dominant power . 
  my point is that they set the pace in europe , even if other small `` nations '' ( tribes , basically ) did n't follow it ( which is only true to some extent ) . 
  if someone was behind , were those tribes , not the romans were ahead . 
  had n't the romans collapsed the way they did and had their knowledge stayed in western europe instead of taking refuge in byzantium and the middle east and we would never think the renaissance was the natural time for such developments , because they would have happen continuously from the roman time until the `` renaissance time '' . 
  my point is that the dark ages were a time when development was ( partially ) dismantled , not a time in `` line with the times '' . 
  well , maybe all of the other nations were behind their time . 
  my point is that this is not civilization game . 
  they had the means to do it and an effective society and they did it . 
  i do n't see nothing of extraordinary there . 
  besides , it is not really fair to compare rome and egypt regarding construction , since they are ages apart . 
  it terms of timeline , the romans are closer to us than they are to the pyramids . 
  the part of sucking at maths was joke , since their numerical system is terrible to do maths and they had no mathematical concept of the zero . 
  it is not really an amazing achievement to maintain their economy despiste having a terrible mathematical system , it only shows their philosophy of practicality being put in place . 
  why ? 
  they built what they could we the knowledge they had . 
  how were they ahead of their time ? 
  besides , they sucked at maths . 
  edit : i 'm okish with the downvotes , but at least say where you disagree . 
  it 's a bit painful to see so many people silently disagreeing without giving me any chance to defend myself . 
  i believe i have n't said anything that would breach the rules of the sub , so if it is because of opinion , at least , be kind and state yours or no civil discussion can ever be held . 
  how of curiosity , are you an actual scientist or just a discovery channel viewer that somehow confuse `` science is important '' with `` science supremacy '' ? 
  this types of comments are an embarrassment for the scientific community . 
   bunch of self centered with bipolar disorder oh , and by the way , this can accurately describe the current scientific careers , unfortunately . 
  how many lives were destroyed , how many resources were exhausted , how much science helped fill one 's pockets . 
  science is not about doing good , it 's merely about the knowledge . 
  how one uses science is a very different thing . 
  besides , many of the great scientists of the past would disagree with you that art is worthless . 
  father knows best state is best state ... 
  do we have mep 's ? 
  germany and its submarines ... 
  with all due respect ... , 
  maybe he 's referring to madeira and azores ? 
  pretty stupid comment anyway . 
  and are you predicting may will simply , somehow , disregard the results in ni and give the keys solely to dup , without any opposition ? 
  or are you suggesting dup will rule behind may after ni looses their devolved powers ? 
  exit . 
  it 's a joke of course . 
  but with the current standing , if w the country whose name shall not be mentioned enters the union , greece would n't be that appeased . 
  -  greece ( i expect it would be their appropriate response ), 
  i 'm not sure if he 's a bot or a troll . 
  who exactly was not on your side ? 
  because many countries support greece instead of macedonia in the dispute , naming the later fyrom or some equivalent in official papers , including the european union and nato . 
  as far as i know , greece never asked for help protecting the border and since it was never attack it was never a nato issue . 
  nato never said they support their claims . 
  you 're comparing potato and oranges . 
  besides , there are several other countries that hold claims on neighbors , including greece . 
  as long as it does n't escalate to armed conflict , i do n't see why and how should nato intervene . 
  75 % of upvotes is not a bad ratio for new posts . 
  i mean , you could have choose any other article to be annoyed about bashing the uk over brexit , but you choose this one . 
  maybe next time do not fake your emotions . 
   the best example of the lack of solidarity is with the fyrom dispute what do you mean , exactly ? 
  where did nato failed greece on this ? 
  from what i remember greece was never attacked , so this is not a military issue . 
  technically you do n't need to hide them for them to work as deterrent . 
  if they are always operational ( which means you should be able to protect them ) , then they should work as a deterrent . 
  of course hiding them is probably easier . 
  but why is greece in nato , though ? 
  seems kind of a strange argument if you are against an army because it is powerful . 
  i mean , there is a lot to be criticized in this idea , but creating a more powerful army does n't seem one of that . 
  if we are supposed to have a weak army , so that it does n't oppose us , why have it ? 
  and i say that either at the eu or at the national level . 
  unless you plan to follow the route of demilitarization , your argument seems a bit flawed . 
  is this supposed to be a joke ? 
  did n't we saw some weeks ago an article in this sub about a german company winning a french public contest to manufacture equipment for the french military ? 
  i think it was something along those lines , but i do not recall correctly . 
  what would you expect from ` low-energy ' jefta ? 
  same in portuguese , btw .
