  i 'm very federalist , so i would like to see a lot of joint programs , but realistically , i think we should : * complete the euro project : it 's one pillars of the eu , but it is not perfect . 
  a more stable currency , common fiscal policy and greater transparency would , hopefully , destroy much of the criticism in the long run . 
  * schengen : the free movement of people is essencial connect the different peoples . 
  if the eu wants to succeed , the people need to feel they are part of europe , instead of the current mistrust between nations . 
  the erasmus program also helps a lot . 
  * a stronger diplomatic engagement : european diplomacy is pretty good . 
  i would like to see a continuation of these efforts in peripheric countries , preferably , independent of american involvement , often more hawkish or welcomed with greater distrust . 
  i would prefer a eu lead diplomacy approach than the interventionist american attitude . 
  * greater transparency on the eu level . 
  personally , i would a more direct process for electing the europarliament , with pan-european parties instead of the current mess . 
  this includes removing a lot of benefits of the meps that are prone to be abused . 
  * continuing the investment in science : in order to compete in a ever changing world , it is really important for the eu to continuing to be innovative . 
  this includes not only the grand european projects , but also stimulating local research and create better connection to share its discoveries . 
  the eu is already a federalized nation in some sense , even if there 's different systems in place . 
  maybe the eu could benefit from a single healthcare system . 
  it would be nice , but it is n't needed for a federal europe . 
  there are powers that could actually be devolved to national governments , provided they do n't compromise the overall strategy or the equity between members . 
  so maybe i would included devolving some powers to them . 
  first , what the hell are western values ? 
  are n't you romanticize it a bit ? 
  it is n't even the problem of if they are being oppressed or not , but the fact that they certainly feel more american than european . 
  i would say they most likely share way more american values than europeans ones . 
  which is inconsistent with the rest of your comment . 
  if they want to come here , like any other american , i would say they would be very welcome , but the fact is that there is no signal of a massive desire to immigration . 
  your `` solution '' does n't solve anything , not in the us or in the eu . 
   thousands of black americans in the us live in a continent where they do n't have to fear for their lives wait , do you want to bring them into europe ? 
  i 'm pretty sure if they want to come , there are legal ways for them to apply . 
  besides , i do n't remember ever reading that their communities ever planned to move into europe , so why should we fuel that immigration ? 
  it seems a waste of resources on something that would n't really work . 
  this seems more like a legislation to hit the us than an actual policy to help the eu . 
   cut off benefits for those who attempt to impose their views on others , citizen or otherwise . 
  to vague . 
  you might end up cutting benefits to twelve year old 's for being part of the school 's debate club . 
   focus instead on nonviolent evangelism of social capitalism in the us , middle east , africa , and asia . 
  so , impose your views on others ? 
  i do n't think the eu should be taking such an active role `` converting '' other nations to social capitalism . 
  besides , we have bigger problems to solve at home . 
  i 'm happy enough with the eu mediating conflicts instead of playing the new great game . 
   increase the role of youth by making it easier and mandatory to vote . 
  thanks , but no . 
  i voted my entire adult life , but no way i would seriously vote if i was forced to . 
  it 's not entirely true , but caralho , i will let that slide . 
  i 'm pretty sure politicians would think twice before declaring war if they had to prove themselves first in a trial by combat . 
  good luck facing \u00c9der . 
  i 'm pretty sure the sanctions the eu imposes on belarus are not because lukashenko 's dictatorship is loved here . 
   multinational military union if you put that in those terms ... no . 
  i do n't disagree that the eu and the us would like to get rid of lukashenko , but if you believe the protests were instigated by any of them , you are delusional . 
  besides , the eu already has a lot of problems internally to solve , it does n't need to get into another crisis . 
  maybe russia should start doing the same . 
  it 's quite a difference , considering it was an exit poll . 
  if macron does n't screw things up and actually tries to rally m\u00e9lenchon supporters , he can end up with a really big share of the vote . 
  36 % would mean most would n't even consider him . 
  i would actually expect more voters from the right to vote for macron than from the m\u00e9lenchon 's left . 
  at least in economical terms , macron would continue their policies . 
  he claims to be a centrist , after all , so one would expect the moderate conservatives and socialists to be in board for him , which should be enough to win the presidency . 
  i would say it would be as likely for a m\u00e9lenchon supporter to vote for macron as a fillion supporter would . 
  that seems pretty good . 
  he could gain voters by focusing on his plans to dinamize france scientific and technological output . 
  how does that work exactly ? 
  if i remember correctly macron had more votes than le pen in the first round . 
  why are m\u00e9lenchon supporters to blame for a le pen victory by not voting , but no one cares about fillion supporters that are actually voting for her ? 
  exit polls said 50 % , did that number decreased so much ? 
  not that she has n't done anything that would justify that ... 
  with is current approval rankings , he 's endorsement of macron only shows he supports le pen . 
  so , in order to make him sad , france should vote macron . 
  the number six is on fire ? 
  thank you , i was really looking for this wikipedia page , but i could n't find it . 
  apparently it does n't appear in youtube search results . 
  no , what i 'm trying to saying is that a union to work needs to be fair to everyone . 
  the eu would be stronger if united with russia or china ? 
  it would n't . 
  the question is if catalonia actually benefits from being in such union , but that debate is already on . 
  my point is that united does n't necessarily mean stronger . 
  i 'm ok with them leaving . 
  they should n't be in a union they do n't want to be in . 
  i 'm not saying that i support or oppose catalan independence neither my words concern such issue , but i disagree with your argument . 
  if united we are stronger , maybe we should unite with russia or china . 
  if the union is not fair for all parties , then there 's no reason it should continue . 
  edit : typo . 
  well , the majority does . 
  and le pen is economically more to the left of macron , so if someone as to make a bigger effort to gain those votes is macron . 
  as it makes sense for le pen to try to bridge , which i do n't believe it will happen , between her and the left in the social field . 
  if i was french , i would probably vote macron and then try to reduce his power in the next parliamentary elections , but the fact is that he 's not entitled to anyone 's votes . 
  if he wants to win , maybe he should a case for it . 
  i do n't think you understand the eu ... or the us . 
  ok , it was actually quite similar from what i though and it 's not that hard to pronounce . 
  the lack of vowels was the most confusing . 
  thanks for the explanation . 
  how do you even pronounce krk , i was always curious . 
  phonetics in wikipedia do n't really help . 
  romanian version of a battering ram, 
  more like sheep spying . 
  get it sheep ? 
  because it sound like cheap . 
  ok , i 'll show myself out ... 
  [ iceland ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cod_wars ) would like to have a chat with togo . 
  finland is making experiments with ubi . 
  i do n't think that 's even related . 
  people might believe that brexit was a wrong choice , but the choice ca n't swiftly be undone or that the tories would be the better party to deal with a brexit that is happening anyway . 
  i do n't like the hate on this website either , but you are underestimating the mistrust people feel actually feel of america .
