  danzig or war !, 
  thanks . 
  there 's something really wrong about this post ... 
   assumes full executive control if the nation is under `` serious and immediate '' threat this line is quite frightening considering le pen 's discourse during the campaign . 
  it certainly ( i hope ) is n't that ambiguous in the constitution , but still ... 
  obligatory joke . 
  so , may is a symbol of european unity ? 
   what happened in syria can easily be replicated in any other part of this world and what exactly is happening in syria in your mind . 
  because there are a lot of things happening there , from genocide of minorities , killing of civilians to a democratic revolution and stronger role of women in the society . 
  many of this events certainly can not happen in much of the rest of the world . 
  i will certainly not buy a book with such a sensationalist title , so enlighten me please . 
  it annoys me the fact that they wait until major events to release important information . 
  i do n't mind it might affect the election , but simply the fact that they choose not to release it early . 
  if the people have the right to make an informed choice , maybe they should release it with enough time for the information to be digested . 
  anyway , i simply consider them as criminals as they live on the leaks and hacks . 
  snowden , for example risked his careers and life to inform the public , but wikileaks operates on constants hacks on personal devices and accounts , it publishes the informations it suits them when it suits them . 
  it 's a business for them . 
   i realize that everyone 's a bit clenched up right now and may not want to hear this on reddit . 
  you probably suspect that i 'm a paid pro-russia troll . 
  downvote away !, 
  ok , i will do . 
  i guess that 's exactly what this sub needs : surpression of different opinions ... 
  in that i agree , but the government is composed by private citizens . 
  it needs to exist a balance between what is part of the government and what is one 's personal freedom . 
  contrary to snowden and panama papers leaks ( the last one certainly violated personal freedom , but at least they were fair ) , wikileaks recent hacks have being used to their own gains . 
  i 'm no fan of them . 
  are you sure ? 
  it was a anecdote anyway , trying to highlight the fact that leak everything is not acceptable as i 'm pretty sure that , like me , you value your privacy greatly . 
   then i hope you assume this stance against anybody that gives you information ( websites , newspapers , the tv etc ) no matter how proper and unmistaken they were up to now . 
  it depends on the reputation of the site . 
  if wikileaks really cares about fairness why do they wait to key moments to release their informations ? 
  why just do n't leak it as soon as they get their information ? 
  how much information they have that they decided not to publish because it is not in their interests ? 
  snowden or the panana papers leaks worked with media outlets to inform the public of government corruption . 
  wikileaks as no legitimacy since they 've decided to gain leverage with their hacked information . 
   my wife 's nudes do not interest the public . 
  macron 's weird dealings or le pen 's loans from russia do interest the public though . 
  i do hope you 've understood it was a joke , not a personal attack . 
  but my point remains . 
  there are a lot of things that are of public interest that might clash with ones privacy and do n't have anything to do with government corruption . 
  seems a strange position to take , since many documents might never even be verifiable . 
  in my opinion , it would be way more sensible position to assume everything is fake until proved otherwise . \u00b4  i welcome all kinds of leaks about anybody that might / will influence my future . 
  when will your wife 's nudes be avaible ? 
  it makes sense , then . 
  it would be interesting to see if s&d parties would actually shift to the left economically , with a stronger alde . 
  that effect still would be minimal in portugal , though , as we do n't have a viable centrist party capable of pushing ps to the left . 
  i do n't agree with his proposal , but i do n't see much irony on his words . 
  they do n't post necessarily fake documents but many documents they post are n't verifiable , so we ca n't say it is 100 % real either . 
  anyway , they do seem to have a political agenda , so i guess that 's why they are perceived as russian shills . 
  when you are referring to social democrats are you referring to psd or ps in portugal ? 
  i have so many questions about this ... 
  relevant username ? 
  he 's not completely wrong , though . 
  german and french have gained some ground , at least in portugal . 
  i do question a bit the numbers in the balkans , though . 
  first thing i thought . 
  thanks . 
  is n't this state the most populous of germany ? 
  ussr is a fake nation and should be part of latvia . 
   the `` eu '' just means migration of what is essentially white people . 
  so stop being racist . 
  stop being racist because there 's no one to be racist too ? 
  so i 've just voted for hamon on the run-off . 
  i understand that they have included , but it goes against their initial purpose . 
  the run-off is between le pen and macron , it really does n't make much sense to include hamon , even if he was the second choice . 
  still , if it is an option , i guess hamon it is . 
   opposed to what we stand for as westerners secularism ? 
  personally i 'm an atheist , but a secular state is just fine by me . 
   muslim republicans republicans as supporters of the republican party ? 
  i would be appalled if we even found any to import . 
  it 's still an unpractical suggestion in economical and logistical grounds . 
  this comment simply shows how little you know from many of those countries : for example , do you even take in consideration that the brazilians are not fleeing from the `` rightist coup '' but protesting it and they will certainly take revenge in the polls ? 
  and good luck setting u it simply seems you are morally trying to justify the closure of borders to refugees that do n't share our values ( wherever that means ) by substituting them with people that do n't share our values either . 
  closing our borders to illegal immigration does n't mean no one can enter europe . 
  if people from those countries and even from the middle east want to come to europe they have legal routes to apply for . 
  do you want to substitute illegal immigration from the middle east with illegal immigration from south america ? 
  besides , there are already programs to help developing nations develop . 
  like i 've said , your comment does n't make any sense . 
  pretty much every argument in favor can also be applied to syrians and every argument against accepting syrian can be applied to other groups . 
  who knows if by accepting hondurans would n't we let gang members enter too ? 
  or maybe the chavistas will sneak into europe and install a planed economy through a bolivarian revolution . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qiznszwialo ), 
   thousands of black americans are shot or jailed for ridiculous reasons . 
  indeed it 's true . 
  the war on drugs was set up in a way to specially affect them . 
  your proposal still does n't make any sense , even if we assume most would want to move to europe , which is unlikely . 
  only marginal numbers would choose to do it . 
  anyway , firstly , it would bring eu-us relations down the drain . 
  secondly , it would empower racist groups and it would unmake decades of achieved civil rights . 
  thirdly , it would be impossible for the eu to deal with 40 million people that are , for all effects , american and do n't share any european identity . 
  taking the risk of generalizing an entire community , i would claim they are often more conservative than the average european , bolstering racial tensions in europe too . 
  the great majority is n't a religious radical , but that exactly the same with the muslims . 
  there 's really no social , economic or humanistic reason to believe that this proposal would n't only fail , but it would tremendously backfire . 
   speak fluent english unless you want to move them all to ireland or malta , i do n't see why would it be an asset ...  suffering from police brutality , broken healthcare most of the americans are . 
  is n't easier to fix the healthcare problem ( and the police brutality one ) than to move a majority of the people from one continent to another ? 
   rigged pseudodemocracy i 'm pretty sure your hate for america is speaking louder . 
  do n't get me wrong , i love a good night of bashing the us , but your proposal is unrealistic and your lack of knowledge of the american reality is probably affecting your arguments . 
   some have already attempted to claim asylum in canada . 
  source please and how many are some ? 
  also , considering canada has a pretty [ bad record ] ( https://www.nytimes.com/2015/06/03/world/americas/canadas-forced-schooling-of-aboriginal-children-was-cultural-genocide-report-finds.html?_r=0 ) concerning native americans , should n't we bring them to europe too ?
