  and again , it does n't explain anything . 
  let me give you some examples : everyone knew that polls would change with the departure of bayrou , but that does n't explain why le pen is down or why hamon is down . 
  there were reports that bayrou supporters would evenly support macron and fillion . 
  the article only states the polls , but there were no poll or analysis conducted to verify if this was the case . 
  another one : le pen is now under investigation . 
  there was no polls or analysis to access if that affected negatively or positively her performance . 
  the article merely narrates the history of the polls , it has no analysis on why the numbers are what they are , so there is no context in the article . 
  that 's the reason you needed to get another article to sustain your fraudulent claim . 
  i do n't think i need to explain to you why two different articles are different ... 
  so now tell me , why do you believe this article has any context ? 
  that still adds no context at all ... everything you stated was already reported in the media and in the subreddit . 
  again , your comment is useless to the overall discussion . 
  i would like it too , but i also like a certain balance . 
  after several years of a socialist party , macron does n't sound that bad ( better than going conservative or nationalist ) and it might give a break for the socialist to rise again . 
  i 'm hoping hamon is able to achieve a good result in the parliamentary elections , though , and starts rebuilding the party . 
  do you think so ? 
  most of the young people seem to be leftist and often pro-europe , from what i see . 
  maybe in france it 's different , but it does n't seem likely . 
  what context exactly ? 
  did you read the article or you simply do n't understand french either ? 
  the article only briefly mentions fillion scandal , saying nothing about why macron dropped and rose again in the polls , nothing about why hamon is falling , nothing about le pen 's investigation . 
  there is no context there , only a brute interpretation of past polls and a description of the methods used in this poll . 
  what the hell russia ? 
  this was taken in terreiro do pa\u00e7o , lisbon , probably around 1500 's . 
  edit : huge grammar errors addressed . 
  that does n't really matter . 
  if they are not used , they should be repealed . 
  anyway , denmark does n't seem the kind of country that should maintain blasphemy laws . 
  so their plan is working ? 
  i know , but i still have the right to disagree , do n't i ? 
  edit : and besides , it 's still different than my initial point . 
  my vote counts as much as yours . 
  appointment of seats in the parliament will have to respect nationalities , but nations do n't `` vote '' . 
  in the us people vote for the state and then the state votes for the president , counting only the winner . 
  according to the state you live , your vote might have a higher or smaller weight to the final result , whereas in europe , that 's not the case . 
  it 's still a proportional system . 
  the electoral college is only a way to unsure the people do n't have a ultimate say . 
  if you are suggesting that different states should votes should have different weights , even though i disagree with it , it can be done without regarding to such a undemocratic method . 
  maybe the eu would need a senate to represent the states , but even there i 'm unsure , since politics in it would prevent countries from entering or leaving the eu . 
  newton , maxwell , faraday , boltzmann , bohr , planck , feynman , schr\u00f6dinger , fermi , lagrange , lorentz . 
  my personal choice would be dirac . 
  i 'm not trying to deprecate einstein . 
  he made outstanding contributions to physics and without his contribution , current physics would be terribly different than it is , but the same applies to many others . 
  becoming the face of intellect while many important physicist are not even remembered outside the field is not fair . 
  not ever for einstein , since people often forgot the genius behind the man , hiding his contributions behind a label . 
  edit : remove noether , because , although i believe her contributions was outstanding , it mainly benefit the mathematics needed and not exactly the physics . 
  remove the conference of solvay mention , since most of the relevant people i wanted to single out were already mentioned . 
  at the end of the year , the geringon\u00e7a will be portugal 's biggest export . 
  how they divide portugal , exactly ? 
  i 'm guessing in norte , centro , lisboa e vale do tejo , alentejo and algarve , but that 's not really an official subdivision of portugal . 
  i did , while taking math and physics classes at the university . 
   but there was an exceptional amount of shit produced for decades such has ? 
  if you want to study physics , you really need to know your maths . 
  yes , we are geniuses . 
  claiming that we should do this because it 's the right thing to do wo n't takes us very far . 
  so , it might seem a more cold analysis , but if it gets things done , i 'm ok with portraying this type of agreements in that light , if that means it will get anti-immigration people on board . 
  stupid ninjas , cutting onions again . 
  i 'm asking the same thing . 
  i 'm just curious , since i never saw the previous campaigns and i 've never played with mp before . 
  does the same problem appear when lithuania and novgorod are both played by humans ? 
  what did you search exactly ? 
  calla lily with a long protuberance ? 
  upvoting just because i like the flag . 
  i agree , there the government is blowing it out of proportion . 
  unfortunately this is europe 's modus operandi regarding russian interference . 
  just like macron 's hacking . 
  i do n't deny there 's russian interference , but with little evidence provided , we should really stop campaigning or politicizing the issue . 
  people can see when the issue is being politicized and , frankly , it 's counterproductive . 
  poland was the switzerland of black death . 
  that was the main reason , really , but europe and , in particular , the eu needs to help develop these nations if it does n't want a stream of refugees coming over every time a crisis unfolds , so i would welcome the deal , but let 's see how it holds . 
  if cologne is already taken , can i have brittany ? 
  it seems no one has it . 
  it seems you 're right . 
  i would like to request holand , if it 's possible . 
  if not , could i have cologne ? 
  now try to pronounce the name of the town without saying penis . 
  looking for a challenge , i see . 
  which is a bit strange , since it seems the kind of humour a british would enjoy . 
  burning the flag is a form of protest , why do you suddenly equate that as disrespecting the country ? 
  besides , just because they are naturalized does n't mean they should be second class citizens . 
  so , why some citizens have less rights than other citizens ? 
  quite old bridge ( regarding its type ) , d. lu\u00eds bridge is quite at the `` center '' of the old city . 
  it was build in 1881 at the height of portuguese industrialization . 
  it might seem strange , in the same sense the eiffel tower does n't `` fit '' in paris , but it 's a symbol of the city and porto would n't be the same without it . 
  if you ever come to porto , i wish take a time to walk around the ribeira in porto , the other side in vila nova de gaia or visit the river by boat . 
  it 's quite a nice experience . 
  yes , i would say it is . 
  i have a collection of around 30 books that belonged to my mother , that 's how i got to know them . 
  they were still fairly well known in the 90 's in the generations before they were certainly part of the portuguese popular culture . 
  it helped the fact that many portuguese immigrated to france , so french popular culture spread quickly to portugal . 
  with that french , now russian , guy gerard depardieu . 
  quite funny , not as much as the books , but , still , they are enjoyable to watch . 
  yes , that 's true . 
  my point is that in my parents generation , that was the standard . 
  at least , i though it was . 
  why would i downvote you because you are sharing your experience ? 
  * downvotes because you 've asked not to *, 
  are n't they super famous all the over europe ? 
  i though they were a must in every child 's life . 
  at least i can not think about anyone who did n't read it or , at least , watched the movies .
