paywalls ? 
  `` please , password for reddit account ? '', 
  `` are you really sure you want to do it ? '', 
  i pretty sure tourist will go to croatia too . 
  great country with a mediterranean coast and probably cheap for northern standards . 
  i 'm not sure if you are joke , but if it 's a terrorist attack , a dortmund-monaco game would certainly be big target . 
  does n't really seem random and those types of games always attract tension and sometimes violence anyway , so more police in the streets should be a policy already . 
   the territory was acquired legally from the mauritius after all . 
  i guess this is the problem . 
  who 's the real owner the nation or the people that live there ? 
  malta can not into space ? 
  i claim it in the name of the sovereign republic of totally not a fake country . 
  please deposit the money in my bank account . 
  ps : if you are wondering about the flag , portugal stole it . 
  this is actually a fake flag and it belongs to our fake citizens . 
  upvoting because of matplotlib . 
  relevant username ? 
  this is pretty serious , but i simply could n't hold it and this part of the discussion was n't going nowhere . 
  that 's pretty discriminatory . 
  you should have put up concentration camps for everyone . 
  i do n't know about you , but i find the entire situation hilarious . 
  remove marine from the title and this is being posted for decades . 
  she 's just making her dad proud . 
  considering our recent historial , i would say they are pretty ok . 
  i do n't necessarily like those songs , but they are doing rather well . 
  hey , look at your own country first !, 
  we mostly likely will rise one stop , while germany will probably stay the same . 
  brexit is already paying good results for less advantaged countries . 
  do you understand brexit , now ? 
  i guess it might be a sticky issue in bosnia . 
  in terms of buildings , i would say so . 
  those skyscrapers are high , but nothing amazing . 
  they do n't need to be highest , i 'm simply stating the fact that we do n't have hugely tall buildings . 
  maybe you should translate the article . 
  i wo n't start using linux , if german is required . 
  poor wales . 
  but i guess it really depends on when the partition was made . 
  was n't the north of england quite different from the south , with welsh and scottish influences ? 
  same for cornwall , which culturally is also quite different from the rest of england . 
  `` skyscrapers '' . 
  we are quite a flat country . 
  quite a nice photo , though . 
  i do n't know what to say about this comment . 
  it seems fit for a countryball comic . 
  that 's nice . 
  how much engagement there is in local elections ? 
  in portugal it 's not a great place to start voting as it 's harder to get information . 
  do people actually try to inform themselves ? 
  in portugal , with some exceptions , most of the votes are a reflect from the national stage . 
  what do populists exactly do in local elections ? 
  do they actually have a manifesto , because in most places they would govern like any other candidate ? 
  populists often strive for huge changes at national level , i 'm not sure how influential or effective they would be at a local one . 
  maybe in regions , such as france , or as a mayor of big cities , but most of the places , does it really matter ? 
  portugal stronk !, 
  some were already reintroduced in portugal . 
  it 's a nice graph , but he did n't said that , it 's only the media sensationalism at work . 
  i 'm not a huge fan of verhofstadt , but he was quite reasonable and it 's a position i believe the eu should take : welcome the brits that want to keep eu citizenship . 
  of course loopholes will need to be addressed , but it seems a compassionate stance from the eu . 
  i guess macron is doing a good job claiming the center as he 's called center-left from rightists and center-right from leftists . 
  well , technically gdp is capped , since resources and energy seem to be capped in our universe . 
  no one is suggesting dissolving public holiday , but to add a new one . 
  most of nations have several different cultures or regions and they still enjoy national holidays . 
  the uk is still a full member of the eu , thus is not reasonable to unilaterally remove them any rights in that period . 
  since it 's important for the eu to keep sensible information out of uk 's eyes , this seems a possible compromisse . 
  why not abolishing democracy altogether and impose a way more strong and stable dictatorship ? 
  this might sound as a provocation , but i 'm genuinely interested in knowing how `` strong '' a government would have be to become unacceptable . 
  i 'm happy with a democracy and i prefer coalitions , even though it often prevents grand projects that would take a generation to complete , and i understand the appeal for stronger governments , but for me , that 's not really an option i would like to follow . 
  edit : corrections, 
  nova nova scotia ? 
  it seems an interesting idea , but it would n't be met without opposition . 
  after several holidays ( religious and historical ) were cut by the previous government ( and people also blame troika , thus the eu , for that ) , even though they were reset by the new government , it would feel kind of a bad joke that the eu would suddenly decide a new holiday would be important while the others were limiting our productivity . 
  how many times does that happen in france ? 
  it is and it should . 
  first , by not vaccinating your children you are putting them at risk . 
  it 's not up to the parents to decide in such an extreme decision , that could lead to the child death , having no chance to decide , when coming of age , so it 's the state to be involved . 
  the second and , for me , the most important argument , is that vaccination should be mandatory for everyone for certain kind of diseases . 
  no choice there , as by deciding not to vaccinate yourself , you are putting at risk people with weaker immunity system , as you are increasing the number of available hosts for such disease . 
  if enough people decide not to vaccinate themselves , you may actually burst that bubble , commonly exposing such people to such diseases . 
  vaccines not only help your own health ( and a clear economic argument can be made about that ) , they also a way to protect the most vulnerable in our society . 
  seems quite a stupid choice . 
  being branded `` a biological and social anomaly '' would n't do much to stop hate against gays and it could actually fuel violence . 
  i 'm not sure how strong/violent are the french anti-gays groups , but it seems quite a stupid gamble . 
  i 'm pretty sure they would be safer under a liberal government than a far-right one , even with islamic terrorism . 
  edit : fixing english, 
  yes , of course . 
  it happened , it was terrible and needs to be addressed , but you are not less safe in sweden than in any other country in europe . 
  i would suggest you to look at the criminal statistics of your own country , but i 'm afraid you would never leave your house again . 
  nice article . 
  one thing is certain , schulz or merkel , germany will do just fine . 
  interesting . 
  is french commonly taught in denmark ? 
  mosul advance has come to an halt . 
  maybe they are reorganizing , but after the huge number of civilian casualties , the advance stopped . 
  sdf is doing progress in tabqa dam , but the actual battle for raqqa is still not going to start soon and wo n't be a pretty battle ( if any exists ) . 
  if it was some days ago , i would absolutely think isis was done : syrian government advancing in palmyra and east alleppo , rebels cleaning east damascus , sdf was shielded from turkey by us and russia , free to liberate raqqa and deir zour , the iraqi advances in mosul ... 
  but this us attack on the syrian government might change everything . 
  justified or not , it might change russia or us 's stance towards sdf , it will weaken assad , which might lead to isis gains , mostly around palmyra and it will embolden the rebels to advance against assad instead of isis . 
  nothing might happen , but i think it 's fair to assume , there will be some serious uncertainty about the syrian civil war , and more broadly , the war against isis , in the following weeks . 
  the police has become amazing at tracking sophisticated terror schemes , often involving bombs or mass shootings , that aim to kill as much people as possible . 
  this types of attacks are committed by often lone wolves that often kill a small amount of people , but the psychological effect continues .
