  since he 's polling ahead of hamon , it would be interesting to see the breakdown of his support per region . 
  edit : english, 
  that 's quite a beautiful photo . 
  please , define shitpost . 
  including the british empire that was already posted ? 
  * barroso and that 's not funny . 
  it 's quite a common name in north of portugal . 
  do you know how bad is to share the name with that fellow ? 
  so australia in eurovision has payed of ? 
  portugalicia ( + oliven\u00e7a and a little bit more ) stronk, 
  it 's in the northern balkans with coast in the adriatic . 
  no one even mentions azores or madeira ? 
  northern cyprus in the eu ... 
  it 's not that bad , but what happened to scotland ? 
  well , in portugal i 've found this site [ pordata ] ( http://www.pordata.pt/tema/portugal/participa%c3%a7%c3%a3o+eleitoral-44 ) . 
  it is divided by election ( parliament elections , elections in azores and madeira , local elections , european parliament elections and presidential elections ) . 
  the data you are looking for is under taxa de absten\u00e7\u00e3o ( rate of abstention ) . 
  note that in portugal we do n't present the turnout but the abstention , so be careful with the numbers . 
  turnout ( abstention ) has decreased ( increased ) since the revolution , so it should n't be identify the number refereed . 
  that seems interesting but there are also other factors to consider . 
  a crisis or a bad candidate might throw away a lot of voters , sometimes the weather . 
  anyway , i do n't think i have any other suggestion than browsing wikipedia pages and record the turnout in various elections . 
  most likely you 'll find there the sources you need to reference your work . 
  his actually an hero . 
  by claiming the spot of an enemy he 's uniting the south . 
  his secreted plan to federalize europe is working . 
  now he just needs to ~ ~ piss ~ ~ convince the northerners and easterns . 
  please do n't plant babies . 
  that pink map in africa though . 
  damn you , great britain !, 
  yes she has . 
  failed asylum seekers in germany are being repatriated and there are various deals at the eu level to stop migratory fluxes at the sources . 
  are you telling me i can not plot to kill my wife 's second child that somehow inherited bulgaria despite being a catholic irish ? 
  ah , it makes sense that gibraltar and the isle of man are not colored either . 
  thanks . 
  but it misses a window pane !, 
  ah , 120m in portugal . 
  also , would n't the channel islands be british ? 
  well , why should take the blame you are trying to pin on me for something people from my country did ? 
  let 's just see if these investments actual deliver what they promisse . 
  it seems a good one , but you never know . 
  it 's not the first we got scammed with things like this . 
   most adopted kids turn out fine if they are adopted by a healthy stable loving couple . 
  assuming they will be adopted by a healthy stable loving couple , while they are still young , which most times they wo n't . 
  removing one 's children because solely because she 's a single mother is the stupidest thing a government can do . 
   they wo n't even remember it . 
  that 's just great . 
  separate them from their families and do n't tell them about it . 
  why should those children trust their new family or the government ? 
   that does n't make a good parent . 
  if the mother really loves her kid then she will do what 's best for the kid , not what 's best for her . 
  that was not what i 've said . 
  i 've said exactly the opposite : the bound is greater so generally it is better for the child to live with the mother instead of adoptive parents . 
  a child does n't exclusively need money , but love and that 's a thing that 's something you can not assure in adoptions . 
  how the hell would a kid grow in a stable family if he/she needs to go through the awful adoption process and it would need to grow up with burden of being a forced adoption . 
  certainly you would agree that the bound between a child and a mother is usually stronger than adoptive parents , even if two . 
  i wonder what was the alternative the people were thinking about , if any . 
  have you consider relocate the company to ireland to pay less in taxes , like the dutch have done ? 
  now gives us a map of the countries britain never invaded . 
  and thanks for that . 
  if spain was not that keen in keeping catalonia we would never got our independence . 
  it was essentially the same country . 
  the separate government issued by filipe ii of spain deteriorate with filipe iii and filipe iv of spain . 
  the name of the union might have being iberian union , but we were essentially part of spain . 
  that 's quite important to refer . 
  i can see why the measure is controversial . 
  it wo n't happen . 
  collapse , maybe , but no balkanization . 
  op got it wrong . 
  nicolau de tesla is portuguese . 
  oh , now it 's a democratic process ? 
  one comment ago it was a contest ... 
  because the us is usually a country that settles by the status quo ... 
  i laugh so hard that i might need a surgeon now . 
  to be fair , any speech with scottish accent sounds amazing per se . 
  for some reason , i would mind have nz fucking us over instead of the us . 
  what would be the worst it could happen ? 
  exactly . 
  if you do n't reform your attitude towards democracy ( and your system , now that you are at it ) , you 'll never get an actual choice . 
  from what i 've saw , most of the time the ground work is impossible without a run for presidency , either by law or by financial terms . 
  the vermont progressive party has gain a lot locally , though , but the hurdles third parties have to face means it 's unlikely they will elect someone . 
  people simply ignore third parties in local races . 
  right now there are races going on with greens in it and i presume other third parties too . 
  people in the us just does n't seem to be aware of that . 
  people just hate what 's happening so they will blame whoever they can . 
  for a country that prouds itself of giving choices to the people , the portraying of another democratic choices as spoilers is just stupid . 
  swing states would be reluctant , but it would mean democrats and republicans would need to campaign in the 50 states and not just in a handful of them . 
  the fact that the president is there to represent the people and not the states ( for that there is the senate ) should mean the people directly elect the president , in my opinion . 
  the fact that your vote can still be overrule by someone that does n't agree with your vote gives even more reason to reform the system . 
  if you had the bad choices they have , year after year , election after election and nothing actually changes or your voice is not represented you 'd probably give up your vote too . 
  i would n't blame non-voters for trump when the system is designed for them to be irrelevant . 
  considering the president you 've elected , i would expect you 'd be able to stand a joke . 
  she even asked if he wanted to do an handshake and he ignored . 
  joke or not , this might actually be a reality . 
  maybe this `` ben carson flu '' is expanding beyond repair in the wh . 
  i am a martyr , you are a martyr , everyone is a martyr . 
  who decides what opinions are allowed ? 
  from being the godfather ? 
  we need protectionist policies from the us . 
  someone should do a referendum on if scotland should be allowed to have a referendum .
