  the fourth point concerns the energetic interconnections , aiming to give the iberian peninsula access to market beyond the pyrenees : with the a new government in france , portugal and spain have mutual interest in working together . 
  explain the first , if you are not that embroiled in nazi propaganda . 
  that was to be expected . 
  which simply shows how stupid the entire thing was . 
  kudos to cameron for not preparing and dismissing brexit , running away in shame when it happened . 
  really , you would think there would be some kind of plan in the eventually it would actually happen ... 
  oh , do n't make me laugh . 
  you kind have an argument to make , sadly you ruined everything with your hatred . 
  just try not to panic whenever russia crosses your waters without permission . 
  i 'm sure the us will just help you when you are starting to miss the bare minimums and trump continues to ask for even more . 
  i 've simply wrote what that attitude reminded me : a child asking their parent if they had already arrived at the destination . 
  but let 's get real , we will certainly surfer with brexit ( not as much as the uk , that 's for sure , but we will ) , but the uk wo n't be crashing the eurozone . 
  i kind love that agressive attitude : accusing europe of trying to screw the uk while acknowledging that your reckless behavior will damage the very partners that once considered you an ally . 
  i ask you why should europe give a damn about the uk apart from what interests her , if the uk is not willing to do the same . 
  let 's all remember the time our government proposed to sell the gold to pay the debt ... until the awkward moment they realize it was not enough . 
  they were smart to accept them . 
  a influx of byzantine refugees gives nice bonus to research . 
   simply use the downvote as a disgree button exactly this . 
  quite annoying , actually . 
  i 've found quite nice debates in this sub , but this downvote thing kind of kills it . 
  one eventually ends up by self-censoring just to not get downvoted . 
  i 'm not even talking about trolls or nationalistic or personal attacks to which the downvote button was created , but the simply discussion of ideas . 
  `` are they still laughing '' `` yes ... '' `` one more year and they will stop . '', 
  forget the german flag , where 's the eu flag ? 
  was n't she a ** chemical ** physicist ? 
  she certainly needed to work extensively with quantum mechanics but it 's different label . 
  pope , please ... 
  sweden knows about paradoxes . 
  i understand what you meant , and i agree . 
  i simply agonize with the idea of having undoing decades of progress in denuclearization . 
  also , i do n't really see germany stepping up , considering they want to dismantle nuclear power stations . 
  are n't the people tired of the same old argument ? 
  it does n't even seem she 's trying . 
  this just seems an empty promisse to cover her lacks in the rest of her program . 
  i like it , but what most of these offices seems to lack is books . 
   princess ???? 
  i think france is more eager to federalize than germany . 
  attitudes in germany towards the army seem to be shifting , but still , nukes is a huge leap that i hope it wo n't be needed . 
  last thing we need is a nuclear arms race . 
   uk : why defend people trying to screw you over . 
  so the uk will stop defending itself ? 
  ( let 's hope i 'm not being to edgy . ), 
   second , the us president actually had a valid point to make about the failure of most european countries to meet nato targets on military expenditure . 
  mr trump 's behaviour in europe was crass . 
  but his argument that it is unsustainable for the us to account for almost 75 per cent of nato defence spending is correct -- and was also made by robert gates , defence secretary for president obama . 
  given that germany has been freeriding on american military spending , it is a little cheeky to blame the us for being an unreliable ally . 
  is n't germany as well as most members increasing the budget towards defense ? 
  this is quite a stupid argument if the author plans to criticize merkel for following trump 's `` advice '' . 
   polish polish moon moon ? 
  purple ? 
  i have bad news for you . 
  it 's the dress all over again !, 
  no , they are truckish !, 
  oh , please , do not downvote just because it 's not european !, 
  i wonder how did they fit a car inside the room to take the pictures . 
  why , exactly ? 
  i think it depends on the hobby . 
  let 's hope he 's good . 
  last time we had a painter as a chief of state ... 
  is n't that the obliterated version of the name of our glorious porto wine ? 
  i though it was . 
  does n't the port pay for it ? 
  thank you , that was very insightful . 
  i 'm in the right place , then . 
  yeah , but that double vogal . 
  maybe for a french oe seems ok , but as a portuguese , not so much . 
  the problem is only how it looks , because it does n't sound bad . 
  i liked the other one more , because it has no h\u00edfen . 
   edit : wow so many downvotes for something true : / here is a [ source ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-england-cornwall-36781151 ) . 
  i hope it helps with the downvotes . 
  oh god , that was incredibly funny . 
  it 's like i 'm talking to a child !, 
  i should have known that in the internet there are those types of people and we ca n't always find a good discussion even if you tried but that behavior is really childish . 
  but wherever , get own with your life . 
  i hope that behavior does n't put barriers on it , when you get older . 
  edit : i just would like to appreciate your dedication for reading all my comments in this thread . 
  if you , somehow , find an actual argument to express , please tell me where you disagree with them on . 
  oh , please !, 
  you are clinging to semantics . 
  no discussion can be developed in such terms . 
  if that 's the route you pretend to take , there really no need to continue this conversation . 
  of course child . 
  wherever lets you sleep at night ... 
  yes , she purposely choose to be inconsistent her speech ... 
  yeah , who buys it is certainly the biggest problem . 
  like i 've said , it is not a popular industry . 
  certainly not one i would support . 
  i simply wanted to mention that , pragmatically , there is room for it . 
  i 'm simply stating that we can say europe referring only the eu . 
  the context in what it is said should be obvious . 
  in this context , merkel was referring to the eu , not the european continent . 
  greenland left the eu , even though it 's part of denmark . 
  they are still sort of [ right at our borders ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/saint_pierre_and_miquelon ) . 
  and european union is also too long , soo it is shorten to europe . 
  of course we could call it only eu , but that would n't work would n't it , usa ? 
  please , do n't make us discuss semantics like they do in america , when it should be obvious what she meant . 
   is malta legitimately seen as an actual country ? 
  let alone a key member of the eu . 
  yes it is and they hold the presidency of the council of europe . 
  and that comment was quite pitiful , really .
