  i want my bubbles to be real , dirty , sea bubbles , not imitations . 
  that makes more sense . 
  the main difference is that politically we are passing through a stable period with economic growth , so the confidence in the government and eu soared , while spain had all those elections and the government is still the same from the austerity period . 
  fortunately , spain is recovering but it is worse than portugal in employment and the government is not the most liked . 
  it might seem strange , but it does influence people 's perception of the eu . 
  brexit also influenced our opinion a lot as well , since the eu is quite import economically for us ( maybe more that it is to spain since our economy is less relevant in the global stage ) . 
  how so ? 
  i 'm quite confused about your comment ( unless you 've meant us instead of us , but still ... ) . 
  regarding british politics , the both of the main parties are n't / were n't completly eurosceptics . 
  corbyn is eurosceptic , but the party is n't and they were quite europhiles under blair . 
  for the tories it was a failed gamble , but the ruling elite of the party was not in favour of leaving the eu . 
  they were never much into the project , but it is wrong to say it was a party policy . 
  euroscepticism is not an inherently right or left issue and like the uk showed , it only takes one party actively pushing for it ( ukip ) for it to go mainstream . 
  now i would like to mention that france is n't exactly safe ( around 44 % in the first round of the presidential , if including m\u00e9lenchon ) . 
  in italy is n't lega nord eurosceptic and 5 stars is n't exactly europhile . 
  i had the impression die linke was not that found of the eu ( not sure though ) . 
  if you go to smaller parties you 'll find parties in both sides fighting the eu , so not that uncommon . 
  during the rundown to the referendum , euroscepticism was on the rise and many nations were starting feeling the pressure for a referendum , not only the uk . 
  nobody else has really voted on it the eu itself . 
  if he was wearing a hoodie and socks but had no pants and underwear , the surface exposed , i presume , would be smaller . 
  would it be accepted in that case ? 
  i 'm just trying to access exactly if it is a matter of skin exposed or if it is where it is exposed . 
  its the internet , of course we can . 
  i say we should start now promoting our yellowban campaign . 
  that dreadful colour ought to disappear from peoples clothes . 
  no one will think oabout the poor chicken devolving traumas for seeing humans trying to look like the children they just ate ? 
  or the street . 
  some of those are presidents and others are prime-ministers , which makes comparisons a bit tricky . 
  ps : i just wanted to vote for marcelo . 
  20 nations are bidding to host it . 
  we are doing the same thing regarding circuses , but the lobby for bullfighting is somehow stronger , even in portugal . 
  wait , it is n't ? 
  i thought only greenland left , so i assumed the faroe islands were also part of the club . 
  i 'm sad now . 
  quite a silly solution that could cause greater problems latter on , but i wondering if its legally possible to keep an open border in ni buy require the people from ni to use a passport to travel to the rest of the uk , thus enduring only citizens can travel to the uk . 
  this might endanger the balance between both factions , but it would be an immediate solution if an open border in ireland is more valuable than ni with the rest of the uk . 
  that 's how is done in portugal . 
  the blades are also changed to `` only '' pierce the surface . 
  i mean , i guess it 's better that killing the bull with actual blades , but it is definitely torture and a national embarrassment . 
  did n't the law prohibits it , so they usually use a stuffed cat instead ? 
   how often are elections to the european parliament held ? 
  you were supposed to have voted last time it was in 2014 , you are supposed to vote in 2019 . 
  it should be something european in the eu should be aware of . 
  well , handball is quite popular and denmark and winning a gold medal is always a big thing ( mainly for a small country ) , so its normal they would do a big fuss about it . 
  you do n't have to follow the olympics , but for a danish citizen , i imagine winning the gold medal would be all over the news and everyone would know about it . 
  it happens the same with portugal and gold medalists are remembered as national heroes . 
  i got this one right , but personally i think this one was actually quite balanced . 
  28 out of 40 ( 70 % ) , better than i expected . 
  some i knew , some were nice deductions , but there were several that was sheer luck . 
   who really killed europe ? 
   the american conservative, 
  i would say we would first become a space faring species and then unify , if we encounter alien life or establish new independent colonies out there . 
  i do n't believe a world government is necessary for that , neither i believe it is desirable at this point . 
  i do n't exclude greater cooperation as it would be necessary for grand projects . 
  maybe for an alien civilization we might appear already unified , but i do n't think we need a world government for that to happen . 
  in fact , the trend seems to favor corporate exploration and maybe colonization , so , although i 'm not a great fan of that , space-faring might not even need government intervention . 
  or just imperialists . 
  this edict has essentially killed arpitan . 
  most likely the adoption of the french language was do just that ( as well as securing stronger diplomatic and commercial ties with france ) . 
  oh , do n't worry . 
  nobody said it had to be a democratic government . 
  i thought op was considering eu a country , so all the map is colored . 
  yes , better shut up the discussion on its roots ... / s and unless you show uncivil behaviour your views wo n't be banned . 
  damn , you are the second to say a similar thing . 
  i already had the impression he was a brexiteer , but never notice him savaging italy . 
  anyway , from the type of eu comments he makes , i do n't give him much credit regardless , i was just looking for a certain reaction . 
   as far as i 'm concerned it exemplifies a bunker mentality out of touch with reality that is widespread among european elites and especially in brussels . 
  i was wanting to see when brussels would be summoned . 
  then it is indeed a good exemple since like , the queen , you are just trying to get reasons to hate the eu , by falsely attributing says and deeds that do n't have anything to do with any of them . 
   do n't feed him , please . 
  not even wi-fi ? 
  i have n't planned to continue this discussion for much longer though , since my comments are already half-serious , half-time , but thanks for the advise . 
  having the cake and eat it ? 
  that cake concept ? 
  because the previous phrase was attributed to her to personify the tyranny of the french monarchy . 
  certainly you are not suggesting italy in any regard resembles the french absolutist monarchs . 
  besides , just because you want to , does n't mean the situations equate . 
  who needs cakes when we can have cookies ? 
  ps : most likely she never said that . 
  so that people who do n't have access to wi-fi can more easily find a job to buy bread or by giving people a break in wi-fi bills there will be more money for food ? 
  just some options , but i 'm sure those people will just spend their lives on reddit instead of fighting for themselves , right ? 
  well , still better than have nothing , that 's why the repeal.has failed . 
  obamacare is indeed a bad system , in my opinion , but lets get real , that is basically the corporate plan that the republicans would purpose . 
  just some minor tweaks and trumpcare will be pretty much the same as obamacare . 
  sure it did n't ... 
  thanks !, 
  may i assume this goes until 2016 ? 
  because that business might be paying your salary . 
  american ? 
  but the original was british . 
  username checks out . 
  the post is not entirely ceremonial , as the president holds some powers and responsibilities . 
  since he 's representing the people , he should be elected by it . 
  besides what would be the point of having an unelected person as head of state ? 
  better not have it at all . 
  i do n't think he was referring to that ... well whatever . 
  ban rejected , i guess . 
  my point is that those subjects , although divise , usually are engaged by several people in the community , while this one seems to always be an internal discussion . 
  anyways , maybe i 'm just exaggerating the bitterness of the discussion from some threads . 
   50 % of the electorate must vote yes .
