  so it 's good and bad that this is becoming the standard , but the law enforcement will quickly need to adjust their tactics , because it will be impossible to live in this way . 
  mosul has n't fall yet and i do n't know how optimistic we should be about the fall of the islamic state ( that some weeks ago seemed sealed ) , given the radical shift on the us policy . 
  i 'm sad to say that there will be some uncertainty in the next few weeks about the subject . 
  i 'm sorry , the trial version has ended . 
  if you want to continue this argument , we will need a contribution of 5 bucks . 
  of course it is . 
  [ this seems relevant . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kqfkti6gn9y ), 
  i do n't know what 's confusing you . 
  the idea of protecting your own benefits against foreign nations is exactly the idea from which brexit was born . 
  that solutions seems even worst , if you are suggesting everyone should have two numbers . 
  if you are suggesting that people would be offered the choice to keep their old number or migrate to the new one that could work . 
  god dammit ... 
  leaving nato is not such an insane or radical idea . 
  there were only a few polls , but it seems mel\u00e9nchon would beat le pen by the higher margin . 
  i 've already said that , but anecdotally antiglobalism , aims to be a global movement . 
  * terms and conditions apply, 
  the netherlands do n't have gold . 
  well , today we have everything !, 
  anti-russia people claiming we should show solidarity , pro-russia people claiming there 's nothing wrong with it . 
  good to see . 
   there does n't seem to be anything here that 's exactly the problem !, 
  stop showing off , ireland . 
  wow , i was n't expecting that . 
  the atlantic just does n't give a damn : '' * : royal motto '' . 
  i 'm all for an eu army for defense purposes , but this is far from the first time someone calls for an eu army in this case . 
  if it were the be a war , and it wo n't because spanish are not nuts , it would be spain 's fault and the eu would be sidelining with the aggressor . 
  if the support for an eu army comes with the intent of being an offensive force , i 'm sorry but i 'm out . 
  username checks out . 
  sad that you need propaganda to combat propaganda . 
  ca n't you take the initiative and call your government to amend if that 's what you believe , or it simply easier to rant on the internet without doing nothing about the fact ? 
  i do n't believe it would even work in that way . 
  not lighted up would make into a good propaganda piece , though . 
  anyway , i do n't believe that if this might or not be turned into propaganda should be even considered , in this case . 
  for some reason , the makes me question my support for an eu army . 
   friendly allies not that i disagree with you , but threatening with war is probably not a sign of an healthy relationship . 
  the eu should release a statement clarifying that russia 's sanctions are meant to every russian . 
  we would be more popular than putin in no time . 
  underrepresented ? 
  thanks , til . 
  no , but the press is blowing this out of proportions and it 's the press who controls the public opinion . 
  it would be wise for politicians in both sides to calm the situation down instead of continuing this madness . 
  any inaction is a fault for booth , in this case . 
  every country would go to war to defend their regions . 
  the fact that the uk believes spain is such a threat that they need to make this statement is what worries me . 
  certainly that the eu position is not reasonable , but you are completely detached from reality if you believe any european country would go to war in this day and age over gibraltar . 
  spain is not going to invade gibraltar . 
  you might polish your warheads as much as you like , but it is simply not going to happen . 
   a few tiny colonies no need for empire-shamming , britain . 
  that 's not ok . 
  is rt banned in this sub ? 
  i growing tired of this shit ... 
  i guess , i can help you . 
  that 's a mess anyway . 
  do you want to leave the wine ? 
  also , do you plan to place the coat of arms ? 
  i do n't know . 
  i only remember seeing the name of the sub in the right panel . 
  i do n't know if it 's fit for discussion . 
  do n't worry , we will not pass badajoz . 
  i saw the video , but i could n't skip making a bad joke . 
  well , i would like a bit more concern for education and the climate , but apart from that , i think the percentages are quite justified in portuguese case . 
  because they speak german ? 
  when did scandinavian countries invaded anyone ? 
  sure , can you just finance our noble endeavor or back our independence when it eventually fails ? 
  it will be glorious , i 'm already preparing the square strategy , i just need volunteers to be in the front line . 
  ** no one is going to war . 
  portugal will rise !, 
  ^ please !, 
  probably the idea is that if serbia wants to enter the eu , they will need to do reforms , including democratic reforms . 
  that 's basically the only way to do it , really , since the eu will not , and it should n't , intervene militarily and sanctions would not steer the nationalistic sentiment , preventing change from taking place . 
  not sure if you are joking . 
  i just wanted to know if it actually did the job it was purposed to do or the fights continued there . 
  thanks . 
  what 's the mood of that subreddit after brexit ? 
  you 've received an yes and a no answer . 
  the case is settled . 
  it seems the italians are happy invading the south of france , too . 
  if booth sides do n't want eu interference , i do n't believe the eu will be interested in intervene . 
  this is all idiotic , since spain will not invade gibraltar , but they might put up a blockade of some sort . 
  that 's the conflict i 'm talking about and that 's nothing new . 
  i do n't think the eu has , at the moment , the strength and the will , unfortunately , to go against a big country such as spain , if they choose that path . 
  are you telling me i can not plot to assassinate my brother , leader of the orthodox hre ? 
  in the right column , the issues ( pink , portuguese percentage ; blue , eu average ) : * environment , climate and energy * housing * terrorism * educational system * crime * immigration * health and social security * taxes * retirement and pensions * government debt * increase of prices/inflation/rising living cost * economic situation * unemployment on the right column , it shows the confidence in political institutions in portugal ( top ) and eu average ( bottom ) . 
  legend : green , national parliament ; red/orange , national government ; blue , political parties . 
  i 've brought this graph because i found interesting the difference on prime issues between portugal and the average of the eu . 
  with northumbria 's flag . 
  well , unless i had a pretty good night of drinking or have some mental problems , i do n't know why would i be lying . 
  i do n't know why the * is not showing up , but i you can ask him and see what he answers . 
  god , i wish i had taken a screenshot , but believe in wherever you want , there 's really no way to prove that i 'm not lying . 
  edit : if you go to u/phitchensisurrealdad profile , you can see a similar comment there in r/unitedkingdom . 
  i do n't know what happened , but i do n't frequent the uk so it 's not possible that i mistake booth comments . 
  they always behave this way towards gibraltar . 
  the eu helped to mediate the conflict . 
  with brexit , eu pressure on spain to keep an open border will fade . 
  what would you answer to the comment above before it was edit , when the commenter stated that the lives of 3000 gibraltars had more value to england than the lives of 5 million scots ? 
  the comment above was edited . 
  it initially stated that the lives of 3000 gibraltars had more value than 5 million scots , that 's why i asked what was it 's problem . 
  the same pattern can still be seen in the reply to my comment where the commenter states that ( s ) he wants scotland out of the uk . 
  it was not portugal 's doing ( at first ) , though .
