  we control the un and soon , the world !, 
  absolute monarchies are often quite stable . 
  maybe you should try that . 
  should we transcript a wikipedia page to here every time one is posted , now ? 
  yes , inmate 4859 . 
  it is . 
  i just thought it was quite funny as your comment could very well trigger republicans and unionists . 
  i 'm not even sure who are you triggering . 
  damn wales . 
  that does n't exclude genocide , though . 
  and that is not completely true . 
  edit : correction, 
  i simply did n't know there was such a divide . 
  since porto metro system was always called metro , i simply assumed they were equal . 
  it 's a shady definition them . 
  portugal has two ( lisbon and porto ) and there was one planned in coimbra that never went ahead , but the map is still incorrect ( unless they are accounting for some shady definition ) . 
  sure , i do n't have any marketable skills ... 
   i do n't pay taxes so you are only a parasite . 
  i wonder how will this affect canada . 
  does n't canada and japan tarif each other ? 
  how do they deal with these type of agreements , when third parties are involved ? 
  but did you meant `` free trade '' or `` free trade '' ? 
  you had to sneak china in their , had n't you ? 
  what do you consider fast ? 
  it is not just a question practicality . 
  i 'm pretty sure families that would have the money available and knew that by substituting their fridge , for example , would benefit them on the long run , would change it . 
  but loans are not pleasant and outright buying a fridge leaves a big hole in a family budget that could throw a family into financial trouble if an unexpected thing happens . 
  same happens with solar panels or electric cars . 
  they might compensate in the long run , but many ca n't afford the initial investment . 
  the government ca n't simply expect and force the people to do it , thus i do n't think this policy would ever work . 
  i would like to learn basque . 
  seems a nice language . 
  if you 've experiment fascism , that 's the expected choice . 
  i would do it too . 
  probably in ee they would go for the other option . 
  let 's just hope we do n't have to choose either . 
  i do n't think corporations should be baby-sitting us . 
  anyway , buying a fridge is usually a huge expense and many people do n't have it just lying around . 
  even if a new one might energetically compensate , if you do n't have the money available , it is better pay a higher electricity consumption and have a more balanced budget . 
  at this time , portugal was only a county inside the kingdom of leon or galicia , with the name of portucale/portugalia . 
  he can use the phone ... 
  flag checks out . 
  do n't call him that . 
  technically it was zanzibar and was part of britain . 
  edit : actually it was only a protectorate . 
  who would put natives in a prison ? 
  they started training their blitzkrieg tactics in spain . 
  still , the far-right militias were way more powerful than the german army . 
  at least until the night of the long knifes . 
  you just need to create a million accounts . 
  i would prefer greater links between the ep and ec . 
  but the ec is basically the government and it would n't make much sense to directly elect the ministers , in my opinion . 
  i 'm sorry , but i do n't agree with the choose title . 
  i do n't think you should have changed it . 
  i you do n't want to be in the eu , just do like the uk and vote out . 
  i find it appaling that all the other nations in the eu have to bow to poland after the eu gave them the means to dream with reviving the amber road . 
  there are still 27 nations in the eu yet the only compromise is giving all that v4 wants and that seems unacceptable . 
  compromise works both ways , so it 's not on the eu to be reasonable but with the eu and v4 to be reasonable . 
  if not , then there is really no reason for you to be in the eu , sadly . 
   liberal capitalism i thought eastern europe was more in favor of liberal capitalism , now , than western europe . 
  edit : correction, 
  it might , but i do n't think so . 
  his intent seemed to be killing not causing terror , so i 'd say it 's simply murder , but certainly the judges or someone that knows german law will have a stronger and more sourced opinion than myself . 
  edit : fixing an error, 
  well , i do n't know if there is any place i can/should recommend you . 
  it really depends on what you are looking for . 
  ah , ok , thanks . 
  it 's a translation of the scientific name . 
  ornitho is clearly related to birds , and a wikipedia search says rhynchus means beak in greek . 
  i have no idea what where the anglophones on about to name it differently . 
  edit : apparently a comment above mine answers that last part . 
  why would anyone put a toilet in the roof ? 
  i stand by the albanians in this one . 
  we 've lost a match against albania two years ago . 
  it lead to the sacking of the coach and hiring of a new one that lead us in the euro . 
  also skandenbreu won a match against sporting and everyone joked about it for weeks , at the time . 
  regarding 29 , is n't shaqiri albanian-born ? 
  maybe not color morocco similar to portugal . 
  we kind of gave up on that after [ alc\u00e1cer quibir ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_alc%c3%a1cer_quibir ) . 
  yes , i 'm probably heavily influenced into equating catholic church and christianity , although i tried to provide other examples . 
  regarding the current times , it depends on what we are discussing . 
  christianity and also catholicism has ( or was forced to ) loosen its grip , so people live their religion in a range of different ways ( including founding new religions , if you want to include that ) . 
  it might not be recognized by the church , but they will not suffer major retaliation for it , so in that sense , it is more adaptable than it was . 
  still , the power is concentrated in the curia in catholicism , so religion is still heavily `` regulated '' and despite some efforts from pope francis ( like giving priests the freedom to decide if a divorced believer is able to commune ) , it wo n't change anytime soon . 
  i still think the greatest variety of interpretations of the bible and the word of jesus happened in the early days and i quite like some of them , for example [ valentinianism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/valentinianism ) as well as the early discussion of the myths of creation and godly nature of jesus . 
  as another example , the [ cathars ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/catharism ) also had a really different interpretation and were heavily persecuted , with even a crusade declared upon them . 
  this is certainly not to say that islam is a beacon of freedom and liberalism , but simply that they have a more decentralized religion . 
  since there was no visible feudal-clergy divide , it meant every independent ruler was capable to impose his own school of thought , a diversity we only restarted to see in christianity after the western schism . 
  the majority of theologians in christianity happened in the early days and were often disavowed , while in islam they appeared continuously even until very recently ( very unfortunately sometimes ; muhammad ibn abd al-wahhab lived in the 18th century , for example , there are also latter examples ) . 
  so , to conclude , progress can absolutely happen in both religions ( and i hope somewhere soon we will see it in islam , or at least some form of western islam ) , but while formal reform of christianity rests in its religious leaders , in islam a movement or a new school of thought could be found , expanded and embraced without much of the moral qualms that would involve doing it in christianity . 
  no problem . 
  i only choose medieval christianity because it was the high of its power . 
  before the church was not that important as christianity and after it was eroded by the secularization of the states as well as the well defined structure of the church was abandoned by some of the schismatic religions . 
  my point is that christianity was shaped by the more organized roman philosophy and through ages they were capable of getting the control of the religion in the hands of a few people ( the curia or the patriarchs , for example ) , while in islam the tribal way of life meant a more organic relationship with religion . 
  it does n't mean there are n't religious wars or that there was no attempts to unify islam under one authority ( the caliph , for example ) , but the structures of both religions are completely different and islam is still a bit more adaptable . 
  that does n't mean it is superior in any way , it might even be more conservative ( like wahabism ) , it simply means they have different approaches . 
   depends on who you ask tho . 
  christianity has a fuckton of branches just like like islam ( even moreso after the protestant reformation and america ! ), 
  yes , i know , which i believe it helps my point . 
  any different line of thought was deemed heretical and disavowed .
