  c'mon , i even wrote / s in case the sarcasm was not obvious ... 
  i think the netherlands is not assessing the severity of the situation . 
  if they removed the landing permission , it means the plane where the turkish fm is in can not land . 
  it will eventually run out of fuel and crash and all because of you . 
  it would be more like soviet style ( [ great purge ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/great_purge ) ) , but i agree with the general assessment . 
  do you trust the us ? 
  sometimes even the uk ? 
  with such a degree with distrust , it makes you wonder how can a military alliance survive . 
  that was not the point . 
  or that was the point . 
  i do n't even know , i feel like your discussion is n't making a lot of sense . 
  he was never disposed , he died . 
  the revolution came two years after his death . 
  so the v4 is a eu in smaller size . 
  i would assume some would be found china too . 
  maybe those itens were mostly in greek , but still , i would assume some would have being found there . 
  if we do n't do nothing , it 's our fault for letting erdogan do wherever he wants . 
  if we do something , it 's our fault because it will increase nationalistic sentiment . 
  are n't you tired of the west meddling with turkey 's affairs ? 
  if that 's your talking point , then solve your problems internally and do n't turn europe in your battlefield . 
  turkey is officially in process to enter the eu for ages , even at the time their democracy was stronger . 
  the eu parliament has voted to freeze the negotiations which , at the time , had only one closed chapter and 16 open out of 35 . 
  turkey will not enter the eu in any close timeframe . 
  portraying the non-acceptance of an undemocratic turkey to the eu as a exclusive euroskeptical sentiment is simply a huge lie . 
  well , the new generation does n't care that much . 
  there was an erasmus student here that would prefer to speak have a conversation in english than in spanish/portuguese , for example , although we would prefer to speak in portuguese . 
  although i have to agree that spaniards seems to have an harder time speaking in other languages , but maybe that has to do with the degree with exposure to foreign languages . 
  we , for instance , seem to keen to speak in foreign languages , more than our own ( when getting a job , reading a book or watching a movie or just browsing the web ) , but we are also a nation of immigrants , so learning foreign languages was always a must . 
  but i do n't see spain as a place terribly closed . 
  there are some places where knowing english is good like if you own a cafe and want to welcome tourists , but between yourselves , speak on your tongue at your will as it is part of you . 
  oh , that made me sad , but do n't worry , we still like you with some reservations . 
  i understand and the spanish people have a lot of pride ( sometimes too much ) on their language , but it 's a bit annoying that a eu leader like rajoy is not capable of communicating in english . 
  i 'm not saying replacing spanish with english , but when it comes to diplomacy not knowing english is a huge liability . 
  edit : still , i agree that he has right to not answer the question , even if he spoke perfect english . 
  he probably assumed a national leader that often needs discuss issues inside the eu and leader of a country that has the ambition to be a world player would know enough to answer in english . 
  when you look to the big players , it is indeed scary , but the us has a lot of local media outlets . 
  are they usually independent or are they part of bigger corporations ? 
  poor portugal , no neighbors or votes . 
  who needs charisma when you have a scooter ? 
  i do n't think i would be able to properly work there . 
  well , if gorbachev was allowed to end his reformation , * maybe * we could have seen a democratic soviet union instead of the russia we have now . 
  russia might regret the fall of the soviet union , but certainly countries on eastern europe disagree . 
  dad 's influence , who knows ? 
  eu would in first place in the europeans , just to show how special we are together . 
  a functional military alliance exactly what nato is n't . 
  it 's not the way i feel , it 's the reality . 
  the negotiations will not be easy and pressures from both sides will drive the uk and the eu further apart than any of us wanted too . 
  i do n't really believe there is enough trust in both parties for a funcional military alliance . 
  i already answer that and that as only to do with brexit , but if you want to get history involved in it , this military alliance , although irrelevant today , ironically shows why we should n't trust britain . 
  i 'm not talked about their doubt towards nato but how strongly they will push for it , since there are various nations that are getting tired of it . 
  i do n't really know how you 've , from a few words , deduced all that . 
  i do n't know , times are really strange now and the french want a change , in any direction . 
  france is making a huge effort to modernize itself and to globalize itself and that 's basically macron 's field . 
  not that i agree with him , but it will be interesting to see how france and germany 's economic and cultural philosophies will clash now that the uk is out . 
  it really depends on who wins , but if it 's macron , that might change with his liberal views , but at the time , germany would be a better choice for many of those banks , it will depend on how france continues its efforts to rebuild itself . 
  i kind like it , but i think you did n't include azores and madeira . 
  they are part of europe too . 
  also , which country as the euiv rebel flag ? 
  i 'm not seeing the government falling because of this , but they are in opposition so they will oppose , even if that means exploiting every small but divisive issue , on the long run it will stress the relation . 
  i 'm not condemning psd for that , every opposition party would do the same , but it seems , to me , a logical explanation for why suddenly the vote came out . 
  in the sense that the uk is leaving the eu and it looks it wo n't be an easy divorce . 
  i 'm not blaming the uk for that , but we really ca n't rely on the uk at the moment when we will be embroiled in a economic and diplomatic war . 
  and it goes from the side uk will take regarding the integrity of the eu , their role in nato or just their trade deals with turkey which relation with the eu is not the brightest lately . 
  the uk is trying to get their cards for the negotiations to come and the eu will do the same , but we ca n't expect that it wo n't affect our diplomacy and mutual trust that is one of the most basic elements of an healthy military alliance . 
  i did n't say it was . 
  i said it was a move to divide the government as it forced the ps to vote for it , while clearly the pcp would vote against . 
  be also voted against . 
  i never said this was brokered by the government , i said this was going to affect it functioning , regarding foreign relations and it would just generate more paperwork . 
  well you were at war if you go back far enough , but that 's not the point . 
  if you turn on any mainstream british media the tone when talking about russia is either fear or despise . 
  in central and eastern europe case that is more than justified as some of them are under treat , but the uk 's attitude towards russia does n't make a lot of sense . 
  so you just misunderstood my comment . 
  yeah , i guess now the opposition has enough votes to adopt resolutions all by themselves ... 
  this was a condemnation vote [ proposed by the psd ] ( http://app.parlamento.pt/webutils/docs/doc.pdf?path=6148523063446f764c324679626d56304c334e706447567a4c31684a53556c4d5a5763765247396a6457316c626e52766330466a64476c32615752685a47565159584a735957316c626e5268636938315a4455784d4445784f5330304e324e6a4c54526d5a54457459546c694e693032597a4e68595752684f475a68597a67755a47396a65413d3d&amp;fich=5d510119-47cc-4fe1-a9b6-6c3aada8fac8.docx&amp;inline=true ) and approved by with the votes from cds and ps , except three mps . 
  what ? 
  how popular is tusk in poland ? 
  portugal has a track of delaying this things . 
  the parliament also voted to recognize palestine as a sovereign state ( three years ago ) , but until now , no recognition was issued . 
  i guess we simply do n't want to deal with such issues . 
  this was a measure proposed by the opposition . 
  although i support the move , you can read some political maneuvers there , either by forcing the government wasting resources in it or to force the government to vote in possible controversial issues that will affect our foreign relations . 
  as long as you are not an orthodox , you have nothing to fear from anti-orthodoxes . 
  the real question is why there seems to be more orthodoxes than anti-orthodoxes . 
  and great britain , but i find a lack of blue in france . 
  that 's not true . 
  you 've just jumped to that conclusion but you do n't even know if the author of the comment supports or not the independence of catalonia . 
  do n't mix the two if you are not willing to get all the facts . 
  we have quite bad weather . 
  how much of this results might be blamed on brexit and the prospect of a hard border ? 
  for what i saw , it seems it 's more about discontent with arlene foster than anything else , but there is always people equating it to brexit , so i do n't know . 
  some good news from turkey . 
  at least the people has good judgement . 
  quite sad that one of the leading democracies in the region is being destroyed by one man 's ambition . 
  well , you have your own church , so i do n't think i can dispute that . 
  i never said that , but why would europe be anti-british ? 
  please , explain that . 
  was n't the uk one of the most influential members of the eu ? 
  now , the uk voted to leave , it 's their right , but do n't expect to have a say in eu matters now . 
  the uk was always one the reasons a common military did n't happen , with the uk out why would n't the eu try pursue that route ? 
  you are just being inconsistent as there was no reason whatsoever for the eu to hate on the uk .
