  eu : `` uk , please get out . '', 
  uk : `` no . '', 
  eu : `` but you voted to leave !, 
  it 's better this way , for but of us . '', 
  uk : `` we wo n't live and you can not force us . '', 
  that does n't sound very healthy . 
   i want to conclude saying that as long as we are joking it 's okay , but the last thing i want with this map is creating a race about who 's more hardworking than who and read dumb socioanthropological correlations . 
  maybe in the north they have less heads per person , so it actually improves their gdp per capita ? 
  i think that 's a way more credible explanation . 
   iberia `` we do n't like to talk about it . '', 
  that was a low-energy joke . 
   he was a great mathematician who contributed greatly to physics . 
  maybe he was a great physicist that contributed greatly to mathematics ? 
  the calculus was , after all , invented to properly describe mechanics . 
  also theologist and possible and arian , which i find quite interesting . 
  not sure if we are considered europeans or simply to irrelevant to be polled . 
  until some weeks ago when brussels unlocked funds for science , some universities were running out of money to offer doc and post-doc positions . 
  can you imagine a university that is not capable of offering research positions to investigators ? 
  science is simply doomed that way . 
  no more published articles and no more research . 
  good that now it is going back to it 's feet again . 
  i 'm studying physics myself and i 've heard teachers complaining about how much the staff is shrinking over the years . 
  thus , my surprised we were ahead . 
   why most published research findings are false i do n't know what you meant . 
  we have quite a good scientific community and many often go abroad to conduct research all over europe . 
  the scientific community is highly qualified , but the lack of money means we often the experiments need to be conducted abroad ( like spain ) and that means delays and extra costs . 
  seems quite a strange comment . 
  people usually do n't say `` maybe we will protest corruption , but education cuts , reproductive rights or the weather also seem nice choices '' . 
  i think he 's referring to this [ commercial ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=73p9stckplw ) that caused quite a controversy weeks ago . 
  it was the meme of the moment before united airlines with people mocking the government for not distributing pepsi in the middle east to stop the war , others claiming the video jeopardizes the actual tensions the us is suffering , there was the ones who cried sjw here and there and then there 's people like me that only saw the memes and never watched the video until now . 
  you would probably need several dozens to win the election . 
  portugal better than germany , italy , france , spain ... ? 
  no way . 
  i mean , we have some great science , despite budget constrains , but more publications per 1000 habitants than germany ? 
  i do n't know , but macron is way more a free market type of guy than the conservatives . 
  i think you 've misspelled terra nova . 
  i see the danish label , i do n't know why are you complaining . 
  ^ ^ / s now seriously , regarding the estonians , you are probably referring to the almighty [ courlander colonial empire ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/couronian_colonization ) . 
  that 's not really estonia , but i do n't think i 've heard about estonia actually colonizing . 
  i might be wrong , though . 
  do you know which state the book referes to ? 
  we would be better off with the treaty of alc\u00e1\u00e7ovas , but no , colombus had to try to reach india from the wrong side . 
  lat-me-out is amazing . 
  i almost wish that latvia decides to leave , the eu blocks the exit and they adopt this name . 
  he 's quite a good speaker , from what i 've read , and he often wins the debates . 
  probably several undecided voters though he would be a better choice than the status quo and le pen . 
  i guess , after he got some momentum , others that liked him but where afraid to vote for him because of le pen or fillion , saw a real chance of m\u00e9lenchon reaching the second round , so they are jumping into the train . 
  oh , only that part of turkey . 
  i though we were talking about all of turkey in this case . 
  yeah , this hypothetical breakaway state could be accepted , but not without an huge discussion in whole of europe as it would be quite controversial . 
  it still would n't . 
  their leverage would be enormous because of their population and the current big players in the eu would probably still be blocking their entry . 
  they could change their minds if that meant help securing a democratic turkey for the future , but i very much doubt it . 
  independent brittany if le pen wins ? 
  and then , not the appease the nazi europeans , erdogan would not implement the changes and resign , angering them by showing democracy in turkey is alive and well . 
  maybe i should claim i 'm not representative of the whole population ? 
  damn it , that 's embarrassing . 
  my point is that it would be pretty funny to see two rival turkeys in nato . 
  anyway , nato is not a democratic organization . 
  portugal is one of the founding members of the organization and it was a fascist dictatorship at the time . 
  the strategical and military values of portugal surpassed the moral or political values . 
  and the very same would happen with turkey since it would clearly still have huge strategical value for the organization . 
  can you image if we made both of them nato members ? 
  good guy , preventing border gore . 
  i do n't exactly know . 
  it probably would also change considerably with the age group studied as forty or fifty years ago french was the prime language and english secondary , so people from that generation would have a good knowledge of france , but not so much of english . 
  the portuguese case simply makes sense as immigration might be a reality and , even if it is not , an economy that highly relies on tourism requires people skilled in english in the world of today . 
  but of course , these studies take different perspectives and methodologies into account so it 's not exactly easy to measure it . 
   actually spain and portugal fare slightly worse in terms of proficiency in english . 
  that 's not true in the portuguese case . 
  portuguese students receive a solid education in english ( [ source ] ( http://www.ef.edu.pt/epi/ ) which as surpassed french as prime foreign language . 
  according to the same source , spain is not as good as portugal but still better than booth france and italy . 
  contributing to that level of proficiency are , not only 7 to 10 years of english classes , but the fact that most of the music consumed is in english and tv series are not dubbed , but subtitled . 
  well , there 's already the [ european maritime force ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_maritime_force ) and they already cooperate in missions , such as [ operation atalanta ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_atalanta ) . 
  quite a forced joke ... 
  are you sure about that ? 
  ca n't we ban him for bad formatting ? 
  besides , he asked ... 
  if a democracy ceases to be democratic , it is no longer a democracy . 
  it 's pure logic . 
  any chance this is actually a vote to crucify erdogan ? 
  it would be thematic and the results less unbearable . 
   against it the result in two of them is almost a draw ( for now , it may still change , i know ) , so it 's not really fair to say they are against . 
  but i do expect this to be a significant moral victory that , for good or bad , will polarize the country like brexit did with the uk . 
  i do expect `` no '' voters that were capable to tolerate erdogan to simply hate him . 
  if it turns out a `` yes '' win , i do n't expect they will have a easy ride and that might even backlash in 2019 . 
  i 'm trying to be optimistic about this . 
  at least it will give the no camp some leverage . 
   this is democracy until it is no more . 
  it means you are celebrating the worst cake day ever . 
  well , i have no idea which one is correct . 
  there 's a lot of information going on and i does n't help the fact that i do n't speak turk . 
  do n't know if that 's true or not , it was a simply a joke . 
  lab =  laboratory . 
  i would expect people to get it . 
  fuck you , intercept already !, 
  this is killing me . 
  people are saying and posting links saying otherwise , but only partial results . 
  thank you . 
  thanks .
