  oh , the irony !, 
  nameless is quite funny , though . 
  well , that 's not really late if you compare to a some other modern democracies . 
  switzerland allowed women suffrage in 1971 . 
  in portugal , some women were allowed to vote , but full and equal rights were only established in 1976 ( two years after the carnation revolution ) . 
  same happened in spain . 
  considering liechtenstein is a really small and isolated country , and because switzerland adopted rather late too , it kind makes sense they were able to keep their traditions for longer instead of moving with the times . 
  yup , portugal 's highest mountain is in the middle of the ocean . 
  a bit more of context would be nice . 
  dollars are often used by british ex-colonies , so it was n't that hard to guess . 
  funny thing , the us adopted the dollar because of the spanish dollar . 
  i know the currencies . 
  i have no idea about the exchange rates . 
  will we talk about th positive growth rate in the vatican ? 
  so you will send them to syria were they can join the ongoing war ? 
  basically you are supporting terrorism . 
  if they have joined isis , ca n't you simply charge them with joining a terror organization , instead of your dumb solution ? 
  who the hell is joana ? 
  indeed , i simply singled out europe , because of the forum . 
  this will be huge for europe . 
  after the success of ligo , this mission will open an amazing new field in physics . 
  i 'm quite excited for it . 
  regarding the spanish anthems : the first version of the himno de riego sounds quite celtic or medieval . 
  i was n't expecting something like it . 
  portuguese empire - [ hino patri\u00f3tico ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p0xkknph7ka ) ( en : [ patriotic anthem ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hymno_patri%c3%b3tico ) ) - considered the first national anthem , it was used from 1809 to 1826 ( liberal revolution happened in 1820 and the liberal wars started in 1828 ) and it was quite popular among the troops of wellington during the napoleonic invasions ( peninsular wars ) . 
  constitutional monarchy - [ hino da carta ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ns_x4k07mv0 ) ( en : [ hymn of the charter ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hino_da_carta ) ) - adopted after the liberal wars by d. pedro iv ( also first emperor of brazil ) . 
  abolished in 1910 with the implementation of the republic . 
  portuguese republic - [ a portuguesa ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mksq6_xhvjq ) ( en : [ the portuguese ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/a_portuguesa ) ) - adopted after the implementation of the republic . 
  with a clear influence from the french anthem , the anthem was composed in 1890 during a nationalist drive ignited by the british ultimatum . 
  the initially lyrics feature a line saying * `` against the britons , march , march !, 
  '' * , then changed to * `` against the cannons , march , march ! '' * . 
  it is the anthem currently in use . 
  ps : i had no idea about the first two anthems even existed . 
  this was my til moment about my country . 
  entrance of kosovo and serbia in the eu involves solving the dispute . 
  if they enter in the eu , they will do it together , in my opinion . 
  kosovo wo n't be entering alone as some eu countries do n't recognize it and one of the chapters for serbia to enter in the eu is to improve relations with kosovo . 
  considering kosovo wants to get into the eu and think it will involve a double entry . 
  oh , stupid autocorrect that does n't know french !, 
  they are different parties . 
  both centrist but en marche is new . 
  i do n't know if they differ much in policies but my take is that , if rem survives long enough to establish as a party , they will eat all of modem . 
  edit : en marche , not enough marche, 
  i mean , i understand someone would have no data for croatia since it is the newest member or that malta is not represented because it 's quite small , but why miss cyprus ? 
  besides , why is not ireland represented in the table ? 
  there was an article ( i think it was posted here ) , which it stated that montenegro had spent a lot of money in their local election ( around 2014 , iirc ) , contracting a loan they could n't pay and ballooning their debt . 
  i have no idea if those are related , but i though about share it . 
  hopefully someone who actually knows about the subject will step in . 
  oh , the tree !, 
  i know it must only be a typo , but before opening the post , i was really confused about the title . 
  will they send the luftwaffle ? 
  wait are you serious ? 
  i though this would be an amazing trolling , but now i 'm not really sure . 
  how unlikely would it be if this was an attack of isis on muslims ? 
  it is not the first time we heard isis claiming muslims should not feel safe in europe and maybe they tried punitive measures . 
  i think it is a valid scenario until it is officially excluded . 
  this is really bad , considering how tight on funds they will be . 
  so the guy in fn in france 24 wants a central bank capable of printing money without renouncing the euro . 
  i guess he 's defending more powers for the ecb . 
  yeah , i was n't expecting it . 
  it really seemed they would fail the threshold . 
  good for them . 
  the others in the ipsos poll ? 
  can i see the source where you 've saw that ? 
  edit : i 've found it on le monde . 
  it seems france 24 was combining fi and pcf , while le monde separates them . 
  thanks anyway . 
  first i would like to say that i would be voting regardless , even vote blank if i felt too , but i understand people who would n't . 
  i still urge people to vote . 
  this being said , i do believe not voting will discredit the result and macron knows this , as he tried to improve the turnout . 
  i can imagine in the following years , whenever macron proposes an unpopular law , people in the streets claiming he does n't represent france . 
  others might even criticize him for killing the voting enthusiasm . 
  some of this criticism might not be fair but it will certainly happen and it will harm macron 's mandate . 
  his presidency wo n't be as swift as his supermajority seems to suggest . 
  edit : layout, 
  well , i would imagine some people would not vote just to discredit the result . 
  they are complaining by not voting . 
  thank you !, 
  i tried to find a similar map for the first round . 
  this is amazing . 
  i do n't see many candidates that can do it . 
  i 'm afraid , in order to achieve a parliamentary group , the socialists and france insoumise will have to join forces , which i 'm not sure if it will happen . 
  but i do share your hopes . 
  you may say this as a joke but i would n't be surprised if something like that happened and no one would be laughing afterwards . 
  our intergalactic space lord is right . 
  the british should held a referendum on whether a referendum should be held . 
  well , i would like not to . 
  i do n't think is fair to remove one 's rights and maybe the eu will find a way to grant those rights to the british or grant citizenship to those who apply for it . 
  but this situation is way more serious than that . 
  the fact is that the uk voted to leave the union . 
  if scotland had voted to leave the uk , they most likely would be denied british citizenship . 
  i 'm afraid we ca n't simply have the uk leave the eu and its citizens legally staying . 
  it does n't seem feasible to any part . 
  of course you could always move to the eu and apply for an european citizenship and then you 'd retain your european rights . 
   the idea of stripping someone of their citizenship ( without them acquiring foreign citizenship or renouncing their own ) seems almost nazi to me . 
  first you are acquiring ` foreign ' citizenship - british citizenship that will be ` foreign ' to the eu . 
  second nazi , really ? 
  good for her , but she really should n't need pope 's encouragement . 
  can you expand a little bit on the details ? 
  maybe a link , if possible ?
