  yeah , but it would n't cause the gulf rift . 
  last time diplomatic ties were severed with qatar , it was indeed because of the base , but they were reseted in the mean time and it was n't this serious . 
  besides , if trump wished to start a war with iran , i do n't think the gulf states would really mind it . 
  well , but the uk seems to be the target . 
  if it was only ramadan , france or germany would be suffering attacks too . 
  it might all be just a coincidence or mob behavior , but is it possible that the other countries actually stepped up their secret services and police control and the uk has n't ? 
   ~ ~ 52 b.c. ~ ~ 702 a.v.c worst year of my life ftfy, 
  that 's exactly this is golden . 
  paris agreement is no bidding anyway and those states are free to meet with foreign officials and implement their own rules in their state so , even if nothing actually comes out of it , at least it will pay trump in the same coin . 
  trump does n't seem to care much about those type of rules . 
  or the constitution , for that matter . 
   and then the mermaids arrived coming down the water slide, 
  i see romanisation is failing in gaul . 
  most of the people do n't seem to [ like it ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/talk:2017_qatar_diplomatic_crisis#map_of_qatar.2fsaudi_support ) . 
  if libya is close to israel any me country is close to israel , which is not saying much . 
  very interesting , thank you . 
  til calcium has the same etymology as football in italian . 
  disappointed by the fact that italians do n't call calcium futebol . 
   by taking crimea russia killed four birds with one stone . 
  1 ) they severly reduced the ability and danger of ukraines navy ( # 2 power in region ) , 2 ) they eliminated the possibility of sharing a future crimea with nato ( or losing it entirely to nato ) , 3 ) he made any attempt by a future ukraine/nato to attack russia through ukraine ( donbass ) much less probable of success by having that area now naturally double enveloped and surrounded by three sides ( north , south and east ) , and 4 ) russia with crimea is able to both fully defend and control most of the black sea with a2-d2 anti access area denial technology forcing all non russia planes and ships into be in that space at their own peril . 
  all more reasons for nato to step in . 
  this is quite stupid , because i 'm not even in favor of having nato , but if it wishes to succeed , it needs to have the upper hand . 
  let your enemies grow while you do n't is the stupidest thing it could do . 
  if russia wishes to expand , so that 's what nato needs to do . 
  if russia invades another country , nato needs to step in , because if it let 's russia 's power grow and surpass nato 's own , then nato is doomed . 
  anyway , i still assert it is more of a power show than anything else . 
  i think is more because the symbolism of being able to do it , instead of being discriminated against . 
  not that marriage makes a lot of sense , but since it is an established institution that might bring advantages or a status , it seems fair to be open to anyone . 
  of course , at least in portugal , religious marriage is not open to everyone , which is another reason why it is in decline and why it does n't make much sense . 
  there also the possibility of completely stripping marriage from the state meaning it has no validity under the state and under any law , and then the church could discriminate against everyone they wish to discriminate against , but i do n't see that happening . 
  people prefer to have the choice to marry , even if they do n't use it . 
  note : i used civil union and marriage interchangeably in my comments , except otherwise stated , as they often confuse themselves . 
  that causes problems , though , since there are different and have different rules . 
  please have that in mind while reading my comments . 
  it depends on the country . 
  iceland is quite a progressive country , so gender inequality is n't such a problem . 
  moving towards polygamy is n't really a problem either . 
  but in countries where one gender is dominant , polygamy can easily be an instrument for discrimination . 
   by defending nato countries ? 
  why does it have to defend or go into a world war over non nato countries to be taken seriously ? 
  by your arguments , why does russia gets to protect its interests in foreign territory , but nato is forbidden to do the same . 
  nato has all the interest to not have an russian influenced government as its neighbor , why would it let russia attack it if that countries asks for help ? 
   * electorally advantageous  ? 
  not understanding this point . 
  putin popularity was decreasing before the annexation of crimea . 
  after the annexation it went up again . 
  it 's all a show for internal consumption . 
   if say canada were to attempt quit nato and join russia , the us would most likely call it a coup , invade and make canada pay the price . 
  then fuck the us . 
  the canadian people are free to choose wherever they want . 
  they are not an american vassal . 
  same thing goes for the ukrainian and georgian peoples that do n't have to answer russia in internal affairs . 
   russia would likley give up those enclaves no , it would n't . 
  well , i quite like corbyn , so i would naturally say labour . 
  not only labour policies seem to be more in line with the british people , it seems a deal with the eu would be more likely with corbyn than with may , which would benefit both of us . 
  corbyn will deliver brexit , but he seems more diplomatic than may is . 
  besides , labour opposes the great repeal strategy that the tories seem to prefer to which would grant enormous undemocratic power to the leading government , and in may 's hands , it could mean the repeal of a lot of worker protections which would be bad for the british people as well as environment protections that would be bad for everyone . 
  marriage is either a secular institution that costs money and causes problems or a religious institution that simply does n't make any sense . 
  either way , marriage is structured in such a way that it is impossible ( or really expensive ) to end . 
  an healthy relationship , as well as a family , can be developed in cohabitation without marriage and it 's done . 
  if the consequences of ending a marriage were less severe , more people would choose it , but them your argument would go away . 
  as it stands , marriage is a way for the government to received specialized taxes and for the lawyers to make money . 
  it is completely unnecessary to maintain an healthy relationship and develop a family . 
   since i think a lot of people do n't understand why i 'm more reserved on `` gay marriage '' . 
  i do n't get way gay marriage has anything to do with this . 
   countries with territorial conflicts ca n't join nato . 
  so russia invaded countries , left a civil war there and prevented it , by nato rules , to join nato . 
  russia simply played with nato and nato simply did nothing . 
  how can nato be taken serious if russia is capable of humiliating it at its will ? 
  if nato wishes to be taken serious it needs to send a strong signal that if ukraine are indeed buffer states between nato and russia , then russia needs to respect that instead of invading them at their will . 
  russia has escalated this because it was electorally advantageous , now they need to know that if they continue to gamble , they will pay the price . 
  probably yazidi or druze . 
  shia ( in non shia-countries ) and the syriac church or coptic churches are also in great pressure . 
  of course it all depends on where are you focusing on . 
  sunni are repressed in china ( along with christians ) and in myanmar . 
  it might be argued that they are repressed in sunni countries because an extreme sect took over . 
  same could be argued for other religions in other regions . 
  one thing is certain , if there is one religion that is the most repressed , it wo n't be one of the big ones . 
   well there are more christians than gays , atheists and roma in this world . 
  so if you 'd say all christians are a tiny bit oppressed and multiply that by the number of christians , you get a lot of oppression . 
  that 's not how it works ... 
  how many pennies would you have ? 
  i ca n't find a source in english . 
  but this is the [ article ] ( https://www.publico.pt/2017/06/03/politica/noticia/europa-esquerda-unida-nas-criticas-separada-no-caminho-a-seguir-1774412 ) . 
  there was an article days ago , stating that the portuguese government and the three parties that support it are against those proposals as they do n't address the actual problems or are n't not good enough . 
  edit : the [ article ] ( https://www.publico.pt/2017/06/03/politica/noticia/europa-esquerda-unida-nas-criticas-separada-no-caminho-a-seguir-1774412 ) ( in portuguese ) . 
  yes , but not voting is their problem and the government 's problem , since it were they that created this mess . 
  i agree that turning the elections into a may or corbyn choice is stupid , but in this case was effective as she was clearly perceived as the stronger candidate that would be able to be though during the negotiations . 
  she started losing when the tories proposed unpopular policies and she could n't defend them , while corbyn , who 's quite a good speaker and popular among the young , was able to benefit from that , as may appeared fragile and her original argument was undermined ( maybe she is n't the strong person we need , after all ) . 
  plus , not going to the debates painted her as a coward , which is not good if your argument is that you are the better negotiator in the field . 
  still , contrary to clinton , her argument was directly connected to policy , in which she screwed up . 
  i do n't believe it 's fair to compare both elections . 
  it 's quite different from the us , though . 
  may is losing because of unpopular policies while we have n't heard anything about clinton 's policies during the election . 
  if the problem is voting , nothing prevents the young from going out and vote . 
  if you are talking about policies , that 's a different thing and the young have being hit the hardest , but blaming the old for voting does n't seem right . 
  \u00c9der ? 
  more than shrinking , at least . 
  how does russia puts nato off its borders if they continue to invade countries near nato members ? 
  besides , what a stupid argument .
