  that 's what it will be in the future ? 
  will we import the us/america dispute into our continent ? 
  no , that 's why it 's called eu army and not french army . 
  do n't worry , you 'll be protected now . 
  like that mafia saying , `` a dead ~ ~ man ~ ~ nation does n't pay his debts '', 
  if that kid has the biggest stockpile of nuclear weapons , rules the most letal army in the and the biggest economy in that school , i would say soo . 
  of course , he might be taken down by a huge coalition of geeks and it 's authority is undermined if he suffers from dyarrhea at home , but he still is considered the biggest superpower . 
  [ the vandals ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_vandals ) !, 
  wait , not those . 
  the [ vandals ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vandals ) !, 
  [ there was a bismarck ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_battleship_bismarck ) . 
  i recommend reading about [ its last battle ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/last_battle_of_the_battleship_bismarck ) . 
  edit : english, 
  well , germany could make a good deal out of it . 
  increase the spending on military research and develop a stronger arms industry . 
  in no time , germany would be competing with the us and even selling german weapons in their market . 
  the fact is this is a position we can not justify as we also have are also nato partners . 
  either be trump or not , he simply put that under the radar . 
  america is still lead by a moron that will eventually screw you more than us . 
  but i 'm sure the us would manage very well own there own . 
  not that the only time article 5 was triggered was done to protect you , anyway ... 
  navies usually have anti-air capabilities , while the airforce has a limited range . 
  besides , how do you expect to destroy submarines with airplanes instead of destroyers ? 
  hey , portugal has a few ships helping out !, 
   for refugees it dont need big military ships to help them and enemy ships from africa could be handled by airforce too . 
  even drones could do the job . 
  you ca n't be seriously suggesting to bomb refugees boats !, 
  anyway , what about piracy ? 
  or what would who do if russia , for instance , moved its navy into the mediterranean ( they already have bases in the black sea and in tarsus ) and started disabling the south ? 
  how would you disable it ? 
  of course it does !, 
  even without mentioning the protection of ireland , cyprus , malta and scandinavia , keeping an open sea is key during a war . 
  not only to avoid being invaded or bombarded , but also to keep safe the convoys that bring strategical goods from allies , without which , much of the war effort would be impossible or to patrol its energy sources ( oil and wind turbines in the north sea , for example ) . 
  even if our enemies do n't come by boats , dominating the sea is the first step to dominate the land . 
   our migs are falling apart maybe you should n't share it with the whole world , to avoid being invaded . 
  i advise you to pretend your army is great instead , like we do . 
   i know this sub has a hard on for hating america i though this sub hatted russia . 
  hating the us is only a generalized feeling over the internet , not something specially from this forum . 
  maybe it was a planned demonstration ? 
   2 ) this is n't worth the outrage that the sub is making it out to be . 
  why are they allowed to develop conspiracy theories and we ca n't ? 
  that 's absolutely not fair . 
  900 years of preparation and they still are n't perfectly over the squares . 
  poor simple minds incapable of comprehend time . 
  not even 100 years after the time of einstein your perceived linearity of time has changed . 
  but do n't worry , you 'll eventually evolve to see the bigger picture , people from another age . 
  i do n't see what 's the problem . 
  we have being in the year 2917 since january 1st . 
  relevant username ? 
   swedish visby corvette showing her gun ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
   about how he feels the media generally is ** handling ** trump . 
  why is the subject always his hands ? 
   french and dutch tourists usually avoid the places british tourists go to . 
  french and dutch tourists are smarter than the british tourists ? 
  what 's the naming convention for haplogroups ? 
  what defines a i2 , for example ? 
  but what iberia are they referring to ? 
  to our peninsula or to the caucasus ? 
  it was just to make a joke about self-policing . 
  i had no data that to back me up on that . 
  i though the / s would excuse me of that . 
  the uk has done goof . 
  may has angered liechtenstein , so better back off , because they will bring the uk down before you can pronounce their name . 
  with a 110 % survival rate in wars , the uk stands no chance against the might of the principality . 
  that explains the high rate of suicides among the black community . 
   britto-nodrian plain doggerland ? 
  but ... but you lost your 30km of coast too !, 
  i think you are referring to eurafrasia . 
  i 'm not sure who 's more annoyed about that , the british or the french . 
  why ? 
  it 's not that it really affects anything . 
  the problem is that americans give too much importance to a unelected ceremonial role such as the first lady . 
  look at you , talking like a minor power . 
  come join the club of fallen empires as we can complain about these new imperialist forces together . 
  they could be heading to the lib-dem or any other party , but labour is benefiting instead of also loosing votes . 
  that 's a win . 
   but you do n't know what the results of brexit will be . 
  you do n't know it 's not responsible . 
  we 've screwed up , but least we know we 've screwed up . 
  we are not like those irresponsible people that do n't know the consequences of their actions . 
  ours are premeditated , that is responsibility . 
  but what does that has to do with being leader of akp ? 
  there are several parties whose leader is also a political leader . 
  i was surprised because i though he was already the party leader . 
  does the constitution change meant he could now be the party leader ? 
  wait , what ? 
  was n't he already ? 
  i did n't downvote you , but our different views do n't matter for anything . 
  it 's not me who 's being downvoted , so clearly the people disliked your statement . 
  since several other people said the same in this forum , you were one of those you phrase it poorly . 
   eurovision brings an audience who will likely prefer hotels and such , which portugal , compared to others previous eurovision hosts , has more of but it is already very much on demand due to the fact that portugal is a very touristic country that 's also my opinion . 
  although may is not the highest month , it 's a time we start seeing some tourists . 
  the choice of the place needs to take this into an heavy consideration . 
  it was said in quite an agressive way . 
  i agree . 
  our governments usually work better when they are in minority and forced to compromise . 
  i hope ps is not able to reach the majority . 
  sure . 
  on one hand , brexit is their fault for not showing up to vote . 
  on the other hand , they should n't even get to vote .
