  where 's here ? 
  there are some . 
  the [ wikipedia page has being updated regularly ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/french_legislative_election,_2017#constituency_results ) . 
  for more up to date results you should check the official page which i do n't remember the name . 
  strong , but i 'm not sure about stable . 
  abstention is quite high which might mean a lot of opposition in the streets . 
  i though about posting this because it seems quite a big thing . 
  but downvotes would n't a discussion start . 
  anyway , i wonder how many big catalan personalities will express their support for independence and how it will influence popular opinion . 
  poor albania . 
  basically calling whole of greece - hellas . 
  well , i 'm not expecting macron to go full hitler . 
  i 'm simply scared for the fact that there is virtually no opposition . 
  this will be a one party legislature with the opposition only expressing on the streets . 
  besides the high abstention will be a problem . 
  the victory might seem high , but it seems quite unstable . 
  besides , most of the people that will be elected are inexperience . 
  it 's good that their are new faces but i 'm scared that in the first months they will basically follow orders until they realize how to do their new jobs . 
  i think france is travelling through dangerous times and macron will need to do everything to not loose spectacularly . 
  none of the tradicional parties is really strong in guadeloupe . 
  well , it 's an overseas territory , so it 's normal it 's quite different . 
  that will certainly be fun . 
  god , dammit . 
  i was hoping he would transform the party . 
  god , this landslide is too huge . 
  i 'm a bit afraid for democracy in france . 
  considering ni is still without a government ( exactly because arlene refuses to stand down ) and loose home rule towards westminster again , the chances of the uk government to colapse are really pretty high . 
  at this point rouhani is waiting khamenei to die so that he can be replaced by a more moderate leader . 
  at the moment it is impossible to do , not only because he has the support of the revolutionary guard but also huge sums of money in investments which means he 's independent of the government ( he does n't seem to enjoy the money for personal use , though , which means he wo n't be brought down by corruption ) . 
  still rouhani is the leader of the government and yields power so it is not a small thing . 
  iran is slowly moving towards western standards . 
  the pace might not be what we would like it to be and religious nutjobs ( raisi faction , for example ) still pose a threat to it , but they are . 
  this being said , considering how the us meddle with the country multiple times , i do n't really condemn their hate towards them . 
  anyway , i think the eu should have a mediating role regarding iran , instead of seeking an enemy or an ally . 
  saudi arabia is more like a junction of the historical kingdoms of hedjaz and nadj . 
  part of their own culture means arabs organize themselves in tribes , so it is not surprising a lot still exist today . 
  is n't labour in favor proportional reform ? 
  i mean , fptp often benefits large parties instead of small ones , so they would benefit and take votes from the greens , for example , but at least their share of the seats equals more or less their share of the vote , while the tories seem to be higher . 
  of course only wanted to change the system because someone benefits more than you is morally wrong , but would n't they have an incentive to change it ? 
  yeah , i 'm already hearing them agonizing about the cost of what are essentially two elections . 
  besides , it does n't seem likely may or any conservative would want to change the current system . 
  of course there is . 
  most of the right and center-right parties are still pro-european and that is reflected in their views in the epp . 
  considering the tories manifesto had almost no numbers in it compared to the other parties , i agree . 
  at least he 's walking . 
  is n't it full of nazi ? 
  yes , they do . 
  jesus is a very important figure of islam . 
  the initial idea of islam was that it presented a purer version of christianity , trying to supersede it , like the christians claimed to have superseded judaism . 
  essentially , islam was a schism from christianity and judaism . 
  also , the pope is not seeing as a prophet in christianity . 
  oh , the irony !, 
  that 's why sinn f\u00e9in has being gains election after election ... maybe if a highly conservative party decided to drop some of their ridiculous believes the left would n't feel the need to strengthen its vote . 
  thanks . 
  if it is beyond paywall , why not just follow the sub policy and copy-paste the article here ? 
   someone must of died from a heart attack during the game . 
  the republic of great ireland ... and britain . 
  but they pass that number with dup . 
  but sein f\u00e9in usually does n't take up their seats and they 've already said that policy wo n't change , meaning , in practice , that the number of seats needed to have a working majority is reduced . 
  ca n't they reach this majority with the current numbers ? 
  no need to apologize , but what seat did you thought they were referring to ? 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  broxbourne is a safe seat for the conservatives . 
  they 've won by 36 % last election there . 
  there are some [ results ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/politics/ng-interactive/2017/jun/08/live-uk-election-results-in-full-2017 ) already , if you want to follow them . 
  they are also covering it in some channels at youtube . 
  states ' rights !, 
  i do n't think a second brexit would or should happen . 
  there does n't seem to be much support for it either . 
  assuming may remains in the leadership , i would say she would try to govern by herself in a minority government . 
  i do n't believe in any other option and it is probably the best result . 
  of course , her leadership might be challenged which brings a new lot of new scenarios . 
  really ? 
  i 'm unsure if the lib dems would want to coalition themselves with pro-brexit tories . 
  maybe , but i expect hard negotiations between its members . 
  i do n't see a coalition happening . 
  most likely it will be a minority government . 
  maybe it 's for the best . 
  this means may screwed up . 
  if this results are true , it will be impossible for her to govern as no party seems to want to coligate with her . 
  fun times in the uk . 
  edit : let 's hope they start negotiating between them . 
  hung parliament !, 
  seems reasonable . 
  considering this articles has n't anything to do with it , yes , you probably should . 
  for having troops in qatar like the us does ? 
  now those poor qataris do n't feel so alone . 
   but ... 
  they do n't care . 
  they care a lot , though . 
  a victory might be a victory , but if it for a small margin , it will influence your representative choices if he pretends to be reelected . 
  i 'm not sure if you misunderstood what i 've said or if you * purposely * misunderstood what said . 
  yes , i completely forgot the uk is having an election . 
   wait for august/september and we 'll have a bunch in germany too . 
  let 's just hope not . 
  is n't trumpification the effect of trump meddling with a nation or group of nations , which unite in dismay against him ? 
  if so , trump is probably solving the gulf conflict . 
  they did , but in the uk tories have been under fire for reducing police numbers and funding . 
  i was just wondering if this was mob behaviour or a lack of security measures from the uk . 
  you realize you have played too much euiv , when you read aq as aq qoyunlu .
