   some portuguese exactly . 
  some . 
  nice played valls . 
  people will listen to his advice and vote for hamon instead . 
  this man is a patriot . 
  albania , what the hell are you doing ? 
  i would focus on the definition of empire , it might be easier than to define the eu . 
  what a strange thing . 
  i heard about her for the first time yesterday . 
  thank you anyway , i did n't heard this song . 
  i 'm sorry , but this was already posted and trended . 
  there 's no need to share it here again . 
  ok , now i did n't express correctly . 
  i said accused , but i did n't meant it in a aggressive manner , only that i believe my personal feelings did n't interfered with my analysis and attitude towards the situation and it would be wrong to indicate i 'm not being impartial in my comment because of that . 
  i did n't meant to imply that you were accusing me of that , although that was basically what i wrote . 
  too much `` aware '' , sometimes . 
  if it was a european regulations it makes it even better . 
  i 'm just imagining them cursing european regulations for not allowing them to burn the flag . 
   `` america for the whites . '', 
  yeah , i think i can ... 
  that 's just soft power in action . 
  soft power often shaped by capitalism , but soft power nonetheless . 
  it has nothing to do with being more or less successful and there is nothing superior about a given culture . 
  that 's not how cultures evolve . 
  i was expecting some comment along those lines . 
  when a huge part of the population travels abroad and when their descents will eventually forget about their parents culture , i ca n't avoid getting sad . 
  despite my personal felling , i think i was quite objective on my assessment , so i do n't believe you can accuse me of otherwise . 
  thanks . 
  oh , ok , that makes more sense . 
  thanks for clarifying . 
  the image shows percentages for left wing parties and for pvv . 
  what did those parties do/say to justify those percentages ? 
  i 'm not disputing that . 
  i 'm just saying that europe does n't make sense in purely geographical terms . 
  in geographical terms europe does n't really exist , it 's all eurasia . 
  europe is pretty much a political/cultural definition . 
  how much citizens ireland has abroad ? 
  wait , what did the other parties do during this row ? 
  do you think this is necessary ? 
  yes , i think i agree with your assessment . 
  it 's not a question of existing an western culture but the enforcement of it and in particular op 's stance towards the ideal of monoculturalism while preaching the existence of a western culture , because if we are strict enough , there is still great divides in it . 
  if you go to france they will tell you how different they are from the portuguese and how they do n't integrate . 
  if you go to catalonia , they will say how different they are from the rest of spain , or flanders and wallonia . 
  when you think of greek culture is it really so different from turkish one ? 
  for a greek it is , but for a western there is a lot of common grounds . 
  looking from portugal , scandinavia and benelux is basically the same people , although people there will say otherwise . 
  the idea that there is one supreme western culture is false as it is divided in various subcultures that are as different as they can be . 
  the west ends at the iron curtain , but before that were did it ended ? 
  russia was an western nation , the ottomans could be regarded as a western nation in many regards , while the us were not . 
  what is now the west changed overtime , why ca n't the west and the east eventually fuse into one unique european culture if the west in itself contains other cultures ? 
  and why ca n't the turkish culture one day harmonize with the west culture and join too ? 
  saying , like op was that there was historical reasons for assuming that turkey is completely different that the west is false and even if it was not , it is no indicator of what it can be in the future . 
  we can only assess about the present and that is that we have a dying democracy in turkey that is not acceptable for our standards . 
  if someday things change ( hopefully in turkey 's side ) , why should we exclude now that they will not be part of the `` west '' like they once were ? 
  that 's clearly an oversimplification of europe 's history . 
  there are countries with muslim majorities in the balkans , iberia has strong arabic influences , greece was part of the roman empire for much longer than western europe and thus never had the influence of the germanic invasions . 
  greece is orthodox , not catholic which is , in itself , a huge cultural divide . 
  greece was not in the new world , whereas portugal , spain , france , the uk ... have huge cultural affinities with non-european countries . 
  sometimes more than european ones . 
  the west liberal culture is not well accepted in countries like poland that are in the eu . 
  our current union was created as an answer to the horrors of ww2 and to put an end to european infighting that has being happening for centuries and it hold it 's meaning in the face of a common enemy ( soviet union ) , but there is no base culture to justify an west culture . 
  the same that there is not justification that turkish culture might not be part of european one in some future . 
  may i suggest immigration ? 
  with so much opposition to integration , your comparison between texas and vermont is a pretty weak one . 
  even more considering vermont was mainly colonized from the british and texas got their independence from mexico , thus having a strong spanish culture . 
  if texas and vermont are capable of share the same union , why would n't a ( democratic ) turkey and germany share another ? 
  one thing is saying that turkey is not in any shape ready to join the eu , the other is justify the way you are justifying , because by the same token , the portuguese , the irish , the swedish ... do n't really have anything to do with the greeks and that european `` culture '' is only an false idealization . 
  the problem with that is that often your own people wo n't `` respect '' your own culture . 
  do you listen to tradicional greek songs instead of international pop/rock music ? 
  do you watch exclusively greek tv shows , instead of american series ? 
  are you willing to stop using american jeans for some traditional greek clothes ? 
  or start consuming exclusively greek food ? 
  what about the language , will you only talk greek in the internet from now on ? 
  i 'm being , of course , really extreme , but my point is how would we define what means to be part of a given culture ? 
  worst of all , when the culture is always mutating due to external influences that none of us want to give in ? 
  i agree that greater steps should be made to ensure assimilation , but that goes mostly through education and not some idealization of national culture that does n't really exist in a non-isolated country . 
  it 's not common to not know the language . 
  second generation portuguese immigrants in france generally do n't know portuguese or know very little of it . 
  portugal is still an important part of their identity , but france comes first . 
  it 's a bit sad , but makes sense that things happen that way . 
  the current turkish case does n't seem normal . 
  well , pretty much any strict metric would end up excluding people who you perceive as dutch . 
  it is mostly subjective , i do n't believe we can establish a objective metric for dutchness . 
  what support do you need exactly ? 
  national leaders have already criticized erdogan 's attitude . 
  if the eu were to do something , people in the netherlands would start crying that we are meddling with internal affairs . 
  and , after all , it 's weekend . 
  but please , tell me exactly what support from the eu you want , instead of whining about the lack of it . 
  with this level of commitment to export , i do n't know why the greek economy is not better shape . 
  ps : i 'm now remembering a situation were our minister of economy suggested that we could tackle the crisis by exporting `` pasteis de nata '' . 
  well , i would be in favor of disbanding or leaving nato and create a european military alliance or an army , so i would say yes . 
  well , brexit will free one space ... 
  i was thinking the same about spain and the uk . 
  it 's less ugly than i though it would be . 
  do n't worry , the portuguese will draw their way into the final battle and only win the war on extra time , if we are lucky enough . 
  after the euro 2016 , that 's hardly fair to the netherlands . 
  how `` stealing '' london 's financial services make luxembourg a natural partner for uk ? 
  luxembourg , teach me your ways !, 
  i 'm questioning ireland 's independence now . 
  this picture is making me question if lithuania is ready for independence .
