  nato nowadays has ~ ~ only ~ ~ served to escalate tensions with russia or to served failed vendettas in the middle east . 
  tell me exactly how do you expect to become closer to russia while , at the same time , being one of the most advocates of military alliance that only made sense during the cold war ? 
  yeah , good luck with that . 
  the british are more russophobe that most of the european nations . 
  but i could n't care less , what matters is the economy not some petty war games that the us , russia and the uk want to be playing just to justify their huge arm deals with dictatorships . 
  it 's time for the eu to leave nato behind and their interventionist behavior and focus on an army for defense instead of provocation . 
  by the way , europe is anti-british but somehow no one wanted them to leave . 
  it was you the one you voted to get away from the eu so do n't blame that on us . 
  if someone is anti-something is the uk that is anti-europe . 
  stop distorting things . 
  yes , i would say so . 
  we are also one of the founding nations of nato and military alliances were always key for portugal 's independence . 
  the vote could reflect that type of thinking or just a desire to get more reliable allies instead of the us or the uk , but i would say most likely this has to be with our mep following their party lines . 
  we do n't have huge eurosceptic parties and this is not a hugely divisive issue in portugal ( at least it is not broadly discussed ) so they did n't had to break up ranks with their europeans partners . 
  the uk is not the center of the universe and frankly , they are not even relevant in this matter . 
  i would n't mind of an eu military hq , but i never though support was that high in portugal . 
  quite strange . 
  edit : just noted this is based on a vote in the ep , that probably explains it . 
  in effect in a given country ? 
  if you exclude possible regional constitutions , i hope so , or it would be a bureaucratic hell . 
  to be fair , this is cmtv , that for those who do n't know it , is basically our fox news . 
  i pretty sure you did n't sign the constitution either . 
  if not a common army , at least more cooperation between armies and a stronger military alliance without the history of nato . 
  i would like a common army , though , not necessarily replacing national armies , but bounded by strong treaties . 
  i would support a common army on the grounds of being a defensive organization and not an interventionist one . 
  the portuguese word rei , meaning king , comes from latin rex . 
  the confusion comes from the fact that reis is a common surname in portugal , but in the ottoman empire that someone with that military position would adopt it in their name . 
  piri reis , for example , could be a portuguese-descended name . 
  but if turkish word comes from arabic , i guess it 's only a strange coincident . 
  the reis military rank is so confusing . 
  particularly because of their relation with the portuguese . 
  any turkish knows the origin of the name ? 
  i would be happy if my country had such a turnout . 
  i think ultimately that 's what counts in this election - honesty . 
  new rules are getting in . 
  the eu is doing everything it can to prevent a crisis such in 2008 . 
  europe was certainly unprepared for it , but now it 's different . 
  the problem will be transition until those rules come fully into effect . 
  and there are also other factors , like the refugee crisis , although that 's being solved out , too . 
  do n't be so radical . 
  unfortunately we are so broke we could n't host it . 
  good that poland decided to take it . 
  are we talking about the weather now ? 
  we really need to get better topics for conversation , quickly . 
  i think you are just afraid to answer the question . 
  yeah , they could just remove abortion rights . 
  i would n't really compare 5 stars with le pen and farage , though . 
  damn it poland . 
  you need to be more careful . 
  remember : do n't run while holding scissors and do n't elect sexist politicians ... twice . 
  should people stop expressing their views , even if you disagree with them ? 
  no it 's not . 
  scientifically , that 's completely false . 
  it does n't . 
  death threats are certainly not ok and that 's why they are investigated , but if you live your life insulting others , there will certainly be someone who will fight back . 
  it happens everyone , portugal included ( take football as an example ) . 
  does it make it right ? 
  no , it does n't , but geert caused this , he has no one to blame but himself . 
  it does , genocide included . 
  i hate you ... 
  is there any chance ( despite campaign rhetoric ) that pd and m5s could actually work together ? 
  the problem is not really the polling right now , but what might happen until the election . 
  a terror attack ( unlikely since security improved tremendously , but who knows ? 
  ) , some scandal ( \u00e0 la fran\u00e7aise ) , foreign influences ( like an upset in the netherlands or some misstep from the eu regarding brexit ) , difference of performances on the debates ... of course , a meltdown could also happen to le pen , but we should n't bank on that . 
  my point is that is not that the polls are wrong , but there are still a lot of uncertainty and a lot might change until the vote . 
  the countries with a majority of protestants are usually more liberal than catholic ones . 
  not necessarily true , nowadays , but we still see some of that divide . 
  of course , it depends from country to country , but still , i find it funny . 
  says the catholic to the protestant . 
  ( just a joke , of course , but it seems rather ironic . ), 
  she might also be afraid that brexit is n't that catastrophic on the middle run , so people wo n't back her referendum . 
  there was a surge after the brexit vote and the support declined when the effects of it where not as bad as expected . 
  the trigger of the article 50 will , most likely , see another surge and if sturgeon is capable of maintaining cynicism on brexit high , she might have a chance . 
  on the long run , although brexit might be terrible for scotland , the reactionary movement we see will probably already fade away and the uk will be able to maintain a stronger grip on holyrood than they currently have . 
  i guess the problem is the aging population . 
  at least that 's our problem . 
  there are not enough young people contributing for the social care elders need and the economic crisis only decreased the birth rate . 
  of course a thriving economy would help attract more people and give our current population some space to breath and , well , reproduce , but with the lack of it , immigration would n't be that bad for us , right now . 
  we kind of need immigration , though . 
  our country will quickly fall if no one comes here . 
  a lot of them would like the romanian route , so i would say , yes . 
  i miss the first half of the game , so my plans were foiled . 
  i had plan to start a no cb war on ireland , hopefully with scotland on my side and prevent england from expanding their influence there . 
  instead , my entire game was passed trying to pay loans and rebuild the army ai lost to france . 
  sad brittany , it will never be great again . 
  france , gib nantes please . 
  we love you , pls not kill . 
  that was in wwii , took part in wwi . 
  of course we only entered wwi because we were attacked by the germans , otherwise , we would have skip it , too . 
  hate , `` romanians '' , that 's nothing new either . 
  thanks , now i understand . 
  kind of ironic , since romanians are one of the peoples they would like to that their country back from . 
  nice , but double post . 
  how do you in ireland fare with two conservative parties as major parties ? 
  it seems strange that there is no polarization . 
  what exactly separates both parties and are crossovers of voters common ? 
  this ship was made by the nazi , then was seized as war reparation by the us , which sold it to brazil , which sold it thus us . 
  and now it 's basically our national symbol . 
  it was widely reported by the media that bayrou departure would mean a change in the polls , which is quite logical if you stop to think about it ... just shut up , there is no point continuing a discussion if you 're not willing to use arguments or a full sentence without swearing . 
  i read the article .
