  how the hell does n't an warmongering attitude escalate tensions ? 
  by your suggestion , in order to ensure peace , nato should put tanks in russia , because they are too close to nato tanks . 
  well , it would be nice of the west if russia was falling apart . 
  so i guess it 's mutual . 
  the difference is that putin did n't put his tanks in the ukrainian or georgian border , but inside ukrainian and georgian land . 
   like the us cared about hillary being their first female president . 
  and she lost because breaking the glass ceiling was her most well know campaign promisse . 
  if she had campaign on issues she could have won easily , but she choose not to and trump is the result . 
  that 's really how it should be . 
  i hate how the media likes to spin this like this was some sort of a favor . 
  i know , i just though it was important to mention that , not to undermine the rest of the argument to which i agree . 
  i 've understood what you said and i agree . 
  i 'm simply saying that the phrase would n't be correct even using eu and europe interchangeably . 
  the context should be quite obvious which one we are referring to . 
  if so , i do n't see any problem with it . 
  well , even in the eu it 's not correct . 
  there are more currencies inside the eu , so at the most the author would be referring to the eurozone . 
  it seemed the strong man stance macron played as payed off . 
  i was only saying that it was n't indeed armenian . 
  and how you find it ? 
  would you google it ? 
   missing those usb-c ports though . 
  did you meant eurob-c ports ? 
  yeah , trabzon was usually a greek/pontic area , that 's true . 
  well , those were historical armenian lands with armenian people . 
  from all the carve outs , that ( along with the proposed kurdish territory ) made more sense . 
  that 's not what i meant . 
  the deal might be completely destroyed , but the fact is that 190 + nations signed it , so it shows international cooperation . 
  i 'm not talking about the effects of the agreement or no agreement , but the fact that there was cooperation and will from the great majority of nations to achieve such a deal . 
  international cooperation is not impossible . 
  it 's still correct . 
  even without the us , paris agreement was a major milestone in international cooperation . 
  just because three nations did n't signed it does n't mean it was n't . 
  yet !, 
  maybe , i use it just because i learnt python at the university . 
  obligatory joke . 
  alma in portuguese means soul . 
  do n't eat our soul , hungary !, 
  i hope your flair is not having a stroke !, 
  indeed . 
  the right has done an incredible job at pushing harsher reforms than those required and still blame the international community , in particular germany , for it . 
  of course the narrative would be quite different if the geringon\u00e7a had n't formed , but the right screwed up and with the economy doing great i 'm not seeing them returning to power anytime soon ( or until the left screws up ) . 
  using ! = , instead of = / = . 
  i like you . 
  well , i 'm fine with it . 
   some countries had ( like portugal ) sound fundamentals and still went bankrupt i would just like to pointed out no one went bankrupt . 
  the economy shrink a lot in our countries , but things were fairly different from a bankruptcy scenario , that i 'm happy we were able to avoid . 
  that 's not the point . 
  this is not about being warmongering but how peaceful is the country . 
  having a war is pretty much the contrary of being peaceful . 
  we are actually quite influential . 
  we just do n't make much waves and we are quite diplomatic , instead of confrontational . 
  of course we are not a leading power , far from it , but the fact that [ dur\u00e3o barroso ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jos%c3%a9_manuel_barroso ) was president of the european commission , [ ant\u00f3nio guterres ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ant%c3%b3nio_guterres ) is the secretary general of the un , and [ m\u00e1rio centeno ] ( https://pt.wikipedia.org/wiki/m%c3%a1rio_centeno ) is one the leading figures to the presidency of the eurogroup , as well as other diplomatic achievements show the portuguese diplomacy is not weak . 
  well , i never said the protest made sense . 
  i 'm actually not up to date with that issue , so i ca n't talk about it . 
  i simply though it would be important to mention that . 
  i know what he meant , i wanted him to explain how the germans in the hre tried to take over europe . 
  if there 's any investment it will go for cargo trains . 
  the tgv project was halted when the crisis burst , with a lot of controversy and blame going around , meaning portugal had to repay a lot of funds to the eu that were to be used for it , as well as to pay to the companies that got the concessions . 
  any talks about high speed lines with spain are quite cautious , now . 
  the connections originally planned were porto-vigo , lisbon-madrid and maybe porto-lisbon . 
  i think they are referring to the [ planned spaceport ] ( http://www.cmuportugal.org/tiercontent.aspx?id=6685 ) in azores to replace the american base of lajes . 
  i do n't know how it would influent the canaries and the other islands , though . 
  he 's right . 
  the real russian threats are dangerous enough . 
  no need to invent more . 
  sorry for the crappy translation , i translated the best i could . 
  i tried to find a source in english , but i could n't find any and the article is quite good . 
  i wanted to share the subject anyway , as i think it is interesting , it shows the iberian plans for the future and how their position regarding the eu as well as increased cooperation . 
  i also would like to add that spain has announced it will support the portuguese minister of finances , m\u00e1rio centeno , if he launches a candidacy to replace jeroen dijsselbloem in the presidency of the eurogroup . 
  ( portugal had already supported an eventual spanish candidacy , but m\u00e1rio centeno was regarded a better choice from both sides . ), 
  edit : there was also condemnation against the government for not talking about almaraz in the summit . 
  some public contestation happened in vila real because of it . 
   portugal and spain will jointly apply for the community funds destined to cross-border regions in the next european financing framework ( 2020/2026 ) , said to p\u00dablico the prime-minister ant\u00f3nio costa on the first day of the 29th iberian summit , which gather in vila real two strong delegations from both countries . 
   a working group constituted by portuguese and spanish experts will be set up to jointly prepare the future plan for cross-border development - the subject of the summit . 
  the group will directly answer to the cabinets of both prime-ministers , ensuring the transversality and involvement of different areas of governance . 
  there 's hurry in setting up a strategy . 
  `` we have less than a year '' , said costa . 
  the european comission will present their budget in a year , so , if portugal and spain want to influence the process , they will need to have part of the work done before opening their own candidacys to the new pluriannual financial framework . 
  separately , portugal receives , in average , 80 millions euros per year for the cohesion of the inland territories ; spain receives 320 millions . 
   `` what 's new is that , instead of each country develop their own projects for a cross-border program , we will try to make a joint program that will cover the entire ` raia ' , transforming this line of separation in a point of union between both countries '' , said the [ portuguese ] prime-minister . 
  there were common projects presented in the past , but it was done in a local level , between municipalities , not between nations . 
  `` a cross-border program was never conceived . '', 
   today , the second and last day of the summit , `` several memoranda '' are to be signed , the foreign affairs minister , augusto santos sival , said . 
  officially , both delegations refused to anticipate the list of the agreements or their content , but p\u00dablico knows that , not only was prepared joint strategy for the candidacy , they also agreed on several other questions : agreed lines limiting rivers ' mouth , solving an old ambiguity , in particular regarding the minho and guadiana rivers , by defining their areas and limits on each side ; closed the agreement on tourist promotion of the routes of santiago de compostela and the so-called * roteiros da espiritualidade * ( spirituality routes ) ; an agreement on the revision and improvement of the conven\u00e7\u00e3o de albufeira about the rivers , signed in 1998 ; and about the treaty of val\u00eancia , signed in 2002 during the 18th iberian summit , requiring a reflection from both parts . 
   santos silva only advanced two examples . 
  there will be agreements on science ( signed by both ) e `` it will be clear '' that spain will be part of the organization of the new air center of azores . 
  `` spain is interested in the network the air center wants to control , because of the canary islands '' . 
  the [ portuguese ] government wants to include the azores , the canaries , the archipelago of cape verde and the brazilian islands of s\u00e3o pedro e s\u00e3o paulo and fernando noronha . 
  `` there 's an evident interest of spain to be part of this network . '', 
   the other example that will be announced regards civil security and the possibility of both nations to intervene in support of the other almost automatically in larger border zone than the current one . 
   mariano rajoy has reached the airbase of matac\u00e1n , salamanca , at 11h , with the ministers of public works , \u00cd\u00f1igo de la serna ; defense , mar\u00eda dolores de cospedar ; educationm \u00cd\u00f1igo m\u00e9ndez de vigo ; employment , f\u00e1tima b\u00e1\u00f1ez ; interior , juan ignacio zoido ; agriculture , isabel garc\u00eda tejerina ; foreign afairs , alfonso dast\u00eds , and the secretary of state of energy and investigation , development and inovation . 
  while he was wanting for costa , he twitted `` cumbre luso-espa\u00f1ola '' is a `` magnific opportunity to further potentiate these excelent relation '' . 
  signing , `` gran sinton\u00eda con @antioniocostapm '' . 
   from the portuguese side , costa was accompanied by the minister of foreign affairs , santos silva ; interior , constan\u00e7a urbano de sousa ; economy , manuel caldeira cabral ; work and social security , vieira da silva ; planning and infrastructures ( and secretary of state guilherme d'oliveira martins ) , pedro marques ; science , technology and higher educationm manuel heitor ; defense , azeredo lopes , and environment , jo\u00e3o pedro matos fernandes . 
   both delegations -- `` luso-hispanic or hispanolusic '' ( ? ), 
  - depending to which side you speak -- went 70 kilometers down the douro river in a cruise ship from douro elegance until the fluvial port of senhora da ribeira , and then , proceeded by road until vila real . 
  on board of the ship , `` there was mostly political conversations '' , said santos silva . 
  on of the essential talks between the chiefs of government and the chiefs of diplomacy was to adjust the positions and initiatives regarding the european union : `` the debate about the future of the european union and the scenarios and decision -- that will probably wait until after the german and maybe even the italian elections -- about the future of the 27 ; the common interests of the 27 in the brexit negotiations ; the preparation for the next european plurianual financing framework '' . 
  like [ portuguese ] prime-minister has being saing , we ca n't take the risk -- that we took in the last framework -- of a late preparation , because the framework takes longer to initiate .
