  france in general or only orl\u00e9ans is shit ? 
  ps : it 's a joke . 
  i would love to see this come true . 
  it looks really good and the map is actually very informative . 
  would you settle your opposition if let we brussels be the capital of that union of europeans ? 
  actually , it seems san marino is smaller than borgo maggiore . 
  i think we , in the eu , and canada are more afraid of the us than they are of us . 
  i hope the eu continues to invest in green energies , but i would welcome european natural gas coming from sources closed to home and more reliable , such has romania . 
  still , the push for sustainability must continue at a strong pace . 
  ps : is it wise to involve exxonmobil , when rex tillerson is the us secretary of state ? 
  the problem with the survey is really the method on which it was conducted . 
  yeah , stupid colonials , not letting us reap all the benefits . 
  i 'm not sure , actually . 
  although you are right , it would be quite an interesting result , but i do n't place much trust in this survey . 
  that 's highly debated . 
  in eu we have citizen cards and if you are not a citizen you are barred from a lot of things . 
  in the us , it is strict in many points but it 's very loose in others . 
  it 's not impossible . 
  some of them have exceptional education . 
  there was a story on the news of a refugee completing their master degree on robotics with a perfect mark and there are others studying in the universities around the country . 
  economic migrants might be a burden , but syrian refugees came from every economic background and some of them would actually be an asset , so building a silicon valley in europe with refugees help is not such a stupid idea ( although , obviously , it can be only refugees ) . 
  seeing the path turkey is taking , i guess the reviving of the ottoman empire is not very appeasing . 
  immigrants to portugal or from portugal ? 
  we do n't have many immigrants from georgia or armenia , but there are several from ukraine and russia . 
  people often criticize immigration as a whole , so they would n't necessarily , which is a bit hypocritical , since they normally take low paying jobs or seasonal jobs on agriculture . 
  most of our agricultural output would n't be possible without them . 
  so , to conclude , there is criticism of immigrants from the migrant crisis , including refugees , ( even most of the accepted refugees are christians or yazidis ) , mainly because of the backlash from terror attacks in france and germany , but that opposition does n't necessarily mean openness to european migrants , and it often does n't . 
  we should invest more in our common defense , but the interventionist policy of nato ( which , by the way , is more expensive ) , often supported by the uk , is not suitable for europe . 
  even if we started now , it would take a long way to do it , but an european army with the exclusive role of defending our common borders would relieve europe from the us pressures . 
  i agree with us criticism that partners are not contributing has much has them for nato ( not that they would use that money for social programs , but whatever ) , but they effectively control nato , so it 's not like they did n't benefit from it . 
  they basically have the monopoly of nato . 
  anyway , i believe this discussion should focus more on the need for european defense and if we can trust our nato `` allies '' and if we agree to this us driven military policy . 
  why would russia invade lithuania first ? 
  oh please . 
  iceland has beaten the uk , germany and belgium fighting only with fishing boats . 
  if someone is capable of maintaining peace in the atlantic , it 's iceland . 
  i completely agree with you . 
  do n't tell me what to do . 
  #rebel #sorry #hashtagsarestupid, 
  i 'm focusing on your proposed ban on expressing your religion in public , i 'm not making some passionate comment for or against islam . 
  and besides , our country is not what it used to be during the reconquista or you would be facing inquisition for proposing a ban on religious clothing and proselytize , which , in our modern days , is clearly ridiculous . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-12-09/fox-in-preliminary-deal-to-acquire-sky-for-10-75-pounds-a-share ) yes , that 's basically what i meant . 
  the number of news outlets seems to be shrinking , including the big players around , and that scares me . 
   `` is there an obligation to see europe like the other parties ? 
  we are a lot of european nationalists who want to work together , we have the same idea about europe , '' he told politico at his party 's brussels headquarters . 
  `` of course we want a kind of european union . '' so they are like pan-european nationalists ? 
  that 's new !, 
  the problem is not if it 's owned but by who . 
  nbc is already an enormous corporation . 
  fox news is buying news outlets in europe . 
  if this trend continues we will only have a handful of independent media corporations from where to get news from . 
  that 's quite frightening . 
  seeing the power media has , insuring that there 's as much options has possible , would be a safer choice than a monopolized media . 
  when people where talking that euronews was an actual good channel ... 
  this is really worrisome , is n't there any way to block the business ? 
  why would i hate spain ? 
  really , you two do n't even want to discuss . 
  wherever does n't go your way you dismiss it , no wonder the post is being downvoted . 
  anyway , if burying your head in the ground is choice of action , i will respect your will . 
  * facepalm * i was talking about portugal siding with spain on catalonia independence row ... why mention things that are completely out of context ? 
  do you even know how to read ? 
  since when catalan independence has anything to do with spanish possession in north africa ? 
  i hope you are not suggesting catalonia 's protests are terrorism , because if so , you are seriously downplaying what terrorism was . 
  the basques still want independence , at least according to the polls and elected parties , but fortunately they are not seeking terrorism as a mean to obtain it . 
  i do n't really care if catalonia goes independent or not , i 'm just scared about spain 's stance on it , but your brainwashing argument does n't work and is to dangerous . 
  why are n't you the one being brainwashed ? 
  maybe the government should start dismissing protesters against austerity as brainwashed , too . 
  you are simply skipping a decision that is just too important not to have it and it might destroy spain democracy as we know it . 
  it does n't help when more than half of the comments are yours . 
  one thing is news , even if controversial , other thing is advancing an agenda . 
  you are n't letting discussion flow . 
  talking about agendas , will you answer my comment above ? 
  i would very much like to know where did you get that idea since portugal almost never mentions catalonia and when it does , while asking consensus , it always sides with spain . 
  i 'm honestly interested in what you 've claimed . 
  what agenda i 'm pushing exactly ? 
  edit : and more broadly , what agenda are the portuguese pushing ? 
  what agenda exactly ? 
  this is way more than that and you know it , do n't play dumb . 
  you do n't get the number of people in the street demanding independence if it 's everything ok . 
  it 's seems the british are more eager to bash their country for `` failing '' the target than other countries . 
  this is getting out of hand . 
  just let the freaking referendum be held in catalonia once and for all . 
  it 's capital is stockholm . 
  that 's an internal discussion that they are having ( and may said scotland and the other reasons will have a say on brexit , what that means is still unknown , though ) and it 's not up to you to decide if scotland has or not a place in the negotiating table . 
  that 's not the point . 
  the point is that the polls where actually fairly accurate . 
  the her strategy was poor , that 's another discussion . 
  would you also say to ban football clothes or political symbols because it is influencing other people ? 
  maybe we should force everyone to use uniforms and make sure they are equal ... 
  i prefer to think that people are smarter than that and are actually able to take their own decisions and are free to wear wherever they want . 
  probably the thing i hate the most is that portugal is not even directly insulted , but redirected to spain . 
  quote from the site : `` long description : a tree in apach moselle , june 19 , 2011 . 
  on this road border between germany and france , and luxembourg that is a tree that is the symbol of sustainability . 
  let 's hope he lives for centuries for peace and the freedom of peoples '', 
  a google image search gives this coordinates n 49 \u00b0 27.983 w 006 \u00b0 22.290 ( and says it 's in germany ), 
  it seems like a good investment . 
  because they have one right at the border xd, 
  i 'm not claiming english will be eternal , but right now there is no language as widely distributed as it and try `` replace it '' with french or german would n't be a very popular measure . 
  well , english is already an eu language without the uk because of ireland and malta , but if a scottish accession would mean having all the mep speaking and cursing with the scottish accent , you have my entire support for your cause . 
  no it is not .
