  they continued bad until before the wwi , where german and british plotted to divide portuguese colonies . 
  being allies in the war , kind helped a bit , but different politics meant the alliance was not the same and almost unnecessary for the british side , until present . 
  those were some episodes , though , there were many others were the alliance worked quite well . 
   david ricard david ricardo ? 
  hardly it will happen , since there is no strong communist party or politician in the uk that could instigate that drift . 
  yes , of course . 
  well , i do n't disagree that in other countries it might make sense because there are traditions associated with it , but there is not much of that in portugal . 
  i 'm not catholic , but i think 13th of may , for example , would benefit much more from being an holiday than corpus christi . 
  edit : english, 
  well , i guess it 's the best i should do . 
   just look at catalonia and what can do 40 years of indoctrination . 
  maybe you would want to rephrase your comment . 
  it simply sounds you are treating catalonia as a colony that does n't obey its overlord and it jeopardizes the point you are trying to make . 
  i really do n't get it . 
  this day seems completely worthless . 
  even in a religious standpoint , certainly there would be more important days to mark than this one . 
  i do n't see much tradition surrounding this day , which makes me wonder , why even have it . 
  yes , but why ? 
  even in a religious point of view , it does n't seem to make much sense . 
  i mean the most zealous christians go to the church , but it does n't seem to justify an holiday , like all saints days does . 
  i simply do n't see much tradition around this day for it to be an holiday . 
  what a surprise !, 
  i do n't know why you are being downvoted , but this seems quite ridiculous for a news outlet . 
  the images seem way more suitable for a comedy show . 
  uk universities pledged they would n't change the system for students that started their studies this year , though . 
  from which year is this ? 
  because we 've already saw quite different results . 
  of course i do . 
  i 'm not accusing you of being ignorant on the issue now that i now what you meant . 
  but given your previous comment , without know it firsthand it was a trap , i could only assume you ignored the subject we were talking about . 
  it 's a safe assumption , as i had no way to knowing your intentions and , by occam 's razor , your ignorance was the most likely reality . 
  that 's quite an exaggeration . 
  i 've expressed several times my fears towards the huge and almost undemocratic majority macron might get on sunday , but comparing him to kim jong un is quite stupid . 
  anyway it is not the first time france has this types of majorities , which i dislike , but it is the way the system is structured and if someone might reform the system , it will be rem , as the republicans or the socialists would n't really want to do it while in power . 
  if macron will do , we still need to see , but it seems more probable than any of the other two if in the same circunstancies . 
  i simply assumed you went to an wikipedia page and searched for the most meaningless things and considered it an opt-out . 
  anyway i simply though your ignorance towards the issue would n't undermine my comment , so i did n't call it out on that . 
  i do n't think any of those countries will be applying for eu membership anytime soon . 
  but i can certainly say that to montenegro , serbia , bosnia ... 
  of course it is . 
  i 'm a eu citizen with representation there . 
  the least i can do is express my opinion on parties that share the same view as i do . 
  anyway it seems reasonable , no ? 
  if you are going to join a club you need to follow the rules , otherwise why bother at all ? 
  denmark is still in the eu . 
  if the uk want to get in again , which i doubt it will happen in the near future , it shall benefit no opt-outs . 
  yes , but apart from the sanitation , the medicine , education , wine , public order , irrigation , roads , a fresh water system , and public health , what have the romans ever done for us ? 
  funny that `` dunno '' seems to justify everything it 's said . 
  you could have said `` dunno , for usual bear polar uses ? '', 
  and it would n't be wrong . 
  if you do n't know , search it , but do not speculate . 
  that line did n't add anything good to your comment , much for the contrary . 
  dunno , that does that even mean ? 
  better than a ocde president , those are the worst . 
   dunno , for usual atomic uses ? 
  what does that even mean ? 
  why would switzerland nuke liechtenstein ? 
  they would be essentially nuking their own territory and it 's not that switzerland needs a nuke to invade and conquer liechtenstein if they were in the mood for that . 
  so copernican now means a change in focus of something ? 
  i mean , it seems only a fancy expression for what he meant , but alone it does n't say much . 
  the problem is that the average scientist has not access to them either , unless you work in a rich university/laboratory or you resort to less legit means like sci-hub . 
  internet was supposed to increase scientific cooperation , but this absurdity is strangling it . 
  i 'm all for the journals to make a profit , but this is insane and the eu should really look at this if they expect to become the next silicon valley . 
  it depends on the journal , of course , but it is not unusual to find such prices , which is absurd . 
  people , forget about macedonia . 
  what about romania ? 
  just rename it dacia before they start claiming the whole of the roman empire . 
  if they are sick they should stay at home , not out there working making cheese !, 
  god damit , they easily can fund themselves with the fees they collect . 
  besides , there 's always public funding , which in this case is more than justified , as the current system is limiting the spread of science ( or at least throw it into illegality ) . 
  i 've not reach the stage where i need to read tons of scientific articles to know what 's happening in my field , but just get information about the subject i want is impossible . 
  i ca n't pay 20 $ or 30 $ per article for something that might not even use in the end , just because i need information about the subject . 
  it 's an unrealistic price and if those sites did n't exist we can be sure those journals would be abusing their prices even further . 
  or maybe this is not a cultural point of view , but a social one . 
  christians might argue that abortion goes against their ` culture ' but social interest is above religious one . 
  same with hijabs . 
  i do n't think this needs to be equated with migrants assimilation but the simple principle that in most of the west , religion is not above the state . 
  because we love you !, 
  there 's election stupidity and then there 's this . 
  no way would may ever agree to such absurdity , right ? ... 
  right ? 
  we do n't want eu bananas . 
  they bear no legitimacy in the uk . 
  in fact we can produce our own bananas in our sovereign british soil . 
  how is this great news for us ? 
  if we want a deal we need someone that is capable of negotiating on the other side , something the uk seems keen to avoid . 
  small ? 
  it 's 1500 , just wait a few years and we will discuss what 's small . 
  let 's just not about the hairy part . 
  maybe you are right . 
  i had the idea it was from a region in ancient greece . 
  even the byzantines named that way , but maybe it has older roots . 
  on that i really do n't know . 
  the people ( vide mexica ) . 
  i 'm talking about the origin of the name hellas . 
  republic of upper macedonia ( rum ), 
  the communists get 3 % , the socialists around 10 % and fi ( m\u00e9lenchon 's party ) around 11 % . 
  he 's between the socialists and the communists but he 's from neither . 
  edit : these results are in the title . 
  well , i thought you were referring to a particular constituency since m\u00e9lenchon party is on course to win around 11 % of the vote , not 3 % .
