  just let the experienced people screw the country . 
  when you come to age , it will be your turn . 
  i understand , but considering portugal is a schengen country , it would be advisable to carry your id , instead of the passport . 
  but you should n't have any problems either way . 
  first , voting blank is a vote like any other . 
  i do n't count it as giving it up . 
  i never used it , but if there 's a time i believe none of the options satisfy me , that 's the way i would go . 
  second , everyone can vote already . 
  if you choose not to express your opinion , then i do n't believe the state has any right to take it from you . 
  it probably does , as they would only want to know your age , but do n't you have your official id with you anyway ? 
  that , unlike most countries , the people actually trust the government and the government trusts the people . 
  interesting argument . 
  i 'm probably talking big because there 's no actual mandatory voting here . 
  i would probably ended up voting regardless , but i certainly do n't like the idea of having it in place . 
  yeah , i feel the same way . 
  the parties campaign on their own interests and claim victory or defeat accordingly . 
  they basically treat those elections as indicators for the national ones . 
  that 's one of the reasons turnout is so low . 
  yeah , that was what i meant . 
  there 's an healthy relationship between the populace and the government , which is quite unusual . 
  i vote , but i do n't want to be forced to do it . 
  that was n't what i meant ... 
   and the government recommended voting yes i love how the swiss usually take the government advise into consideration . 
  can you imagine how awkward for everyone that scenario would be ? 
  for the conservatives for loosing so much ground , for the labour , hoping to get rid of corbyn with actually reaching ok results ... ? 
  ah , that 's a different thing !, 
  i though you were saying the voting age would range from 18 to 70 . 
  i think , but i 'm not sure , belgium let 's those who 've come recently to age to skip the first election or something along those line . 
  i understand the point you are trying to make , but the way you phrase it seems you are actually the problem , not the eu . 
  i would vote blank every time , if voting was made mandatory . 
  besides , why strip the voice from people above 70 or to forcefully increase the voting age to 18 when some countries allow it at 16 ? 
  i most likely would/will vote for a different party in eu elections and in national elections . 
  besides , not all of the parties at eu-level are represented at a national level . 
  for example , i do n't expect anyone to vote for the [ pdr ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/democratic_republican_party_ ( portugal ) just because they are in alde , although several people might actually identify themselves more with alde than s&d . 
  i agree the eu needs a clean up and maybe a restructuration to make it more transparent , but sweden also as a lot of unelected bureaucrats ( without even mentioning that you have a non-elected head of state ) . 
  that particular criticism of the eu also applies to your own country . 
  wow , did you feel insulted ? 
  what a petty human you are . 
  do you know that no one is forcing you to go to kiev ? 
  you can stay in your own country and enjoy your own terrorist attacks . 
  and before you tell me that germany is still a pretty safe country , to which i agree , so it 's kiev . 
  not everyone wants to spend their holidays in the beach . 
  `` i 'm going to visit this city because it has the best transportation . 
  look at these buses . 
  please , admire how they do n't catch fire and how the vehicle actually stops when you press the brakes . '', 
  ps : my standards for what constitutes a good transportation network are pretty low . 
  * corrects it to estremadura *, 
  in algarve , the british are often called `` bifes '' ( steak ) , because of their sunburns . 
  it 's not a very nice name , but i though i should share it . 
  what was the greek motivation to enter such a conference ? 
  i 'm pretty sure it affects , but i 'm under the impression that norway is in quite a good spot regarding the eu . 
  no union , seems it would actually negatively impact norway . 
  certainly , but you can fairly accuse me of being bias , most of the countries would be left in a terrible shape if the eu was to be disbanded and it would be disastrous for portugal . 
  well , i consider myself a federalist , so i consider the kind of federation the eu would be an interesting subject . 
  i would like to know what is your motivation for opposing a union which , i assume based on your flair , you are not part of . 
  ps : unless you are actually from [ southway ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/southway ) , in which case , i understand some of the motives . 
  why do you care ? 
  first i would like to point out that nondemocratic government does n't necessarily means the country is not relatively free , but it does lack an important component that is to choose those you rule you . 
  one of the advantages of nondemocracy over democracy is its stability . 
  you may be able to start grand projects without having to worry about elections every four years . 
  it 's easier to plan your economy or social measures 20 years in advance and consolidate them , instead of the ping pong of a democratic system that oscillates between parties . 
  in a lot of countries where two parties dominate , this is a really sad reality that jeopardizes the concept of democracy . 
  that being said , it certainly does n't mean i do n't prefer to live in democratic society . 
  i certainly do , but democracy as we have it is far from perfect and other types of systems have some advantages ( not enough to justify them , in my opinion ) . 
  now imagine how awkward is to guard it against future invasions . 
  wow , huge wall of text . 
  thank you very much for your insight and sorry for making you waste that time . 
  it was quite enjoyable to read . 
  in spain is not seat or in japan not toyota ? 
  that 's surprising . 
  also , i do n't think jaguar in belize means what you think it means . 
  step one to leave the crisis : buy a bmw . 
  i do n't know about any more steps , but you cares ? 
  now you have a bmw . 
   the unemployment rate was 9 % at 2009 . 
  now , after austerity measures , its 27 % . 
  i 'm not sure , but was n't the public sector one of the biggest in greece ? 
  it certainly does n't cover the entire rise in employment , but did n't the draconian austerity meant a lot of that employment was due to a shrinking public sector ? 
  this is a serious question , i 'm really not sure what is or was the actual situation in greece . 
  edit : i said it was a serious question , not sarcasm or any of that . 
  who the hell downvotes a serious question ? 
  i do n't know if we should bring the us into this , considering puerto rico or the disastrous situations in cities like detroit . 
  i do n't know what to say about that ... 
  this is probably more suited to r/eurovision , i would say . 
  in wikipedia it says sbs plans to transform the selection process if continue to be invited by ebu . 
  maybe we will see that change in the future . 
  greece and cyprus 12 points were way more ridiculous than australia 's . 
  for me uk was one of the top 10 , so not surprising they would get 12 points from someone . 
  regarding the guy , one guy does n't make australia , but he was [ later identified as the prankster vitalii sediuk ] ( http://www.9news.com.au/entertainment/2017/05/14/08/02/australia-has-mooning-moment-at-eurovision ) , so he is not even australian . 
  you were closer to win that we ever were . 
  we ended last 53 years ago and before today our best score was a 6th place . 
  i 'm pretty sure australia wo n't need to wait that long . 
  it was , although she underperformed a bit , i believe she should be in top 10 . 
  :( although i would argue that the meme is not that subtle anyway . 
  except australia , maybe . 
  give 12 points to the uk . 
  and put it on a bus . 
  he called her for the finale . 
  the king in southwest !, 
  i 'm really confused .
