  or simply resort to rebel support , propaganda and cyber warfare to erode the eu without actual military engagement . 
  a proper referendum , such the one that occurred in crimea ? 
   36 % of the vote in france , wilders came in 2nd . 
  i know what you 've meant , but i still would like to point out that wilders did n't contest in the french election . 
  new caledonia has an independence referendum schedule to 2018 , french polynesia never organized themselves to actually host one . 
  [ several companies in portugal and spain were also targeted . ] ( https://www.publico.pt/2017/05/12/tecnologia/noticia/ataque-informatico-internacional-afecta-empresas-e-hospitais-1771939 ) . 
  security company s21sec from sonae states spain , russia , ukraine and taiwan were the most affected countries by the hack . 
  * `` scotland has announced they want their own ship . 
  i still do n't know how the hell that happened . 
  i mean , the song is not terrible and is a bit addictive but it certainly does n't sound like a winning song . 
  ireland at least had a good performance . 
  i thought it would pass . 
  she sang terribly , though . 
  belarus , hungary and my own country portugal passed to the final . 
  good , me too . 
  there 's no need to start a fight over nothing . 
  that explains why the british like portugal so much . 
  to be fair , northern ireland works in a different way from the rest of the uk and the fact that some mp 's do n't even show up in parliament might generate confusion . 
  i do n't know what are the exact criteria . 
  it needed to be perceived as a different song , but i do n't know who and how did they decide that . 
  most likely france presented this version and eurovision accepted because it did n't want to exclude france from the competition . 
  it emerged alma had already performed that song a year earlier , which is against the rules , so they 've made a new version of the song to claim it was a different one , changing the chorus to english and other minor arrangements . 
  really ? 
  even today they were claiming she was preparing a coup if fn were to loose badly in the legislatives . 
  it seems a strange decision when she was gaining leverage . 
  yeah , maybe they will do it in the next semifinal . 
   traditional elements [ ... ] montenegro but i agree with you . 
  some are interesting , but usually it 's pretty much the same pop of the previous editions . 
  eurovision is popular in europe , this seems an interesting thread to have here . 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  australia is in the center of europe . 
  portugal . 
  i access it through edge ( first time i really use it ) . 
  i will now clean the cookies in chrome and see if that fixes the problem . 
  well , when he announces the first song is from switzerland ... 
  i ca n't access it . 
  i could watch on rtp , but the commentators are annoying . 
  france was kind of forced to sing in english , although it was their fault . 
  i would n't mind a decline of english in europe if it meant more countries singing in their own languages . 
  i would like to point out portugal is the oldest contestant without a win . 
  christianity : `` rumors of my death were greatly exaggerated . '', 
  anyway , i could n't care less . 
  538 is now an expert on wrong polls ? 
  he probably tried not too just to have a reason to rant about . 
  do you want to be part of norway or to get rid of orkney and shetland ? 
  oh , i have n't notice the turnout . 
  i guess that 's normal considering the number of votes . 
  what the hell is happening in french guyana ? 
  one comune with over 90 % for macron and other with over 80 % for le pen ? 
  thanks !, 
  thanks !, 
  by the way , nyt completely messed up the colors . 
  they could have choose any other combination , except this one . 
  thanks !, 
  can you post the link from where you are seeing the results ? 
  oh , you 've changed the flair again . 
  will we get a nice map with the results ? 
  english is still and will continue to be the most important language in europe , but german and french are rising in importance and brexit will only exacerbate it . 
  anyway , considering the comments from both sides , there not much more to degrade at this point . 
   english is losing its importance it 's not false though . 
  it does n't look that bad . 
  we 've saw worst . 
  it seems a waste of paper though . 
  oh , that makes sense . 
  except finland . 
  finland is fictional . 
  so ukraine does n't even want sevastopol ? 
   could become a casus belli for the serbs serbia conquest casus belli in albania . 
  they hold provinces we have a claim on . 
  yeah , i completely forgot about it . 
  yes , i know , but it does remove the mp 's accountability , since they are not directly elected . 
  edit : unless they are proposing proportional locally , in which case my entire comment is useless . 
  thanks for the warning . 
  vandalism reverted . 
  that seems easy to stage . 
  i certainly enjoy proportional vote , but are the british ok with a more indirect choice of mp 's than they currently have ? 
  because despite the normal criticism , british mp do seem to fight for their constituency and that element might lack in a proportional system . 
  well , abstracts are often used as a marketing tool for the scientific articles , but i get what you are saying . 
  what 's a finland ? 
  thanks . 
  i understand , it 's part of your identity . 
  just a question . 
  what are the feelings of catalans that oppose independence regarding the club ? 
  [ my feelings regarding your comment ] ( https://youtu.be/kqfkti6gn9y?t=1m18s ), 
  well , it happens the same with fc porto , in a smaller scale , and often the same slogan is used , with the club being a strong symbol of the city . 
  it is not unusual to see such a sentiment . 
  they could decide to play in france . 
  their size and popularity would be an huge asset . 
  but i hardly believe real or any other team would try to do it . 
  especially real madrid , since they would be shooting their own foot . 
  they might be rivals , but that rivalry brings money and views . 
  they need each other and la liga needs bar\u00e7a . 
  if they were to get pushed out , it would be a political move from the government , not from the federation , in my opinion . 
  not op , but from what i 've saw they were pretty much dragged into it . 
  the club is a symbol of catalan nationalism and many people want them to get involved . 
  and she 's uniting the eu against her . 
  hugely . 
  second only to the soviet union in number of losses , but it was less than 4 % of the total population . 
  damn it , i read driver and drive instead of diver and dive . 
  i got really confused for a moment .
