  the two started next to each other and eventually merged in this masterpiece . 
  truly amazing . 
  i do n't believe they should be forced to join spain if they want to be with britain . 
  they voted remain because the eu as bring peace to the place and kept an open border . 
  brexit will , of course , mean that the eu has no right to mediate the conflict if any of the parts does n't want too . 
  threatening with war is one of the most childish and reckless things the uk can do as it will harm negotiations , harm the gibraltars and fade away eu mediator power . 
  if they do n't want eu meddling , then they should not blame the eu for doing nothing to solve the conflict . 
  uk is putting in jeopardy years and years of peace progress just to have a leverage of the eu . 
  it 's a april 1st joke where people are able to color a pixel every 5 minutes . 
  people have being creating/destroying art , fight pixel wars ... 
  it 's quite impressive . 
  check it in r/place if you are interested . 
  gibraltar 's economy is highly dependent of spain . 
  i 'm pretty sure gibraltars would feel way more reassured with economic statements instead of militaristic ones . 
  what 's your problem ? 
  and you wonder why would scotland want independence ... 
  there 's no uk , only england , it seems . 
  edit : comment above was edit . 
  my comment was written regarding the commenter 's above statement that the lives of 3000 gibraltars had more value to england than the lives of 5 million scots . 
  i was appalled by such a comment and its disregard for scotland . 
  if you want to judge my comment , judge it in that context . 
  nothing that we did n't try to do . 
  anyway , i believe they will give up when they start seeing they will be engulfed between germany and france . 
  they are doing a bigger fuss of this than the eu is . 
  what do they aim to achieve ? 
  with turkey 's current affairs , i do n't see how it can be possible . 
  if it was some time ago , i would be all for it , but now ... 
  there was so many missed opportunities from both sides . 
  it makes me quite sad . 
  i think we need to improve our relationship in small steps , but i do n't believe that europe will want anything to do with russia while putin is still in power . 
   [ ... ] i wish your lovely litttle country a long and prosperous stay with the eu [ ... ]  you too buddy . 
  yeah , but is n't like an dictatorship with islamist influences inside russia ? 
  i hate this type of tourists : `` i 'm sorry your house that you live 365 days a year is too ugly for the town i 'm visiting today and i will never come back , please remove it . '', 
  when visiting a town , if you find it beautiful , remember that it is maintained by the people who live there . 
  respect them . 
  you do n't own the place just because you want a pretty picture for facebook . 
  these people need to learn how to do tourism , but good for mr. maddox for the support he received . 
  yeah , i forgot russia extends to asia . 
  i simply considered this european map . 
  it 's not impossible to believe some empire would exist there , as greek or phoenician of some sort would still have existed , but of course , it 's only speculation , as i 'm not even considering the climate impact of such ocean , directly connected with the arctic , there . 
  i think it would be safe to assume that probably there would be no aztecs if siberia does n't exists . 
  china would be safer from steeps invasions , but the commerce would be bigger too , since it could be done by sea instead of relying in the silk road , meaning europe would n't need to try reaching asia by sea . 
  it 's quite a big change , but still interesting to think about it . 
  yesterday it was impossible to maintain the flags . 
  it was a nice surprise when i turned on the pc today . 
  good work . 
  it 's kind of an interesting map . 
  it would be interesting to see the geopolitics of it . 
  maybe the roman empire had survived . 
  the cold war would n't simply be the same , though . 
  also , scandinavia would be an island , not a peninsula . 
  i was quite surprised that people were able to fix them overnight . 
  at the end of the day . 
  there 's being a surge on brexit jokes in the last few days and it 's quite tiring but first there was brexit and then the april 1st jokes , so this will pass , but you sir , are a jerk . 
  so they 've only being rehearsing for this day . 
  got ta love russia 's dedication . 
  they already ate the left part of the flag . 
  it 's doomed !, 
  this was obviously an us backed invasion . 
  the citizens of germany are not to blame . 
  the eu is bringing peace , but france is free to expand up ~ ~ towards britain ~ ~ or down ~ ~ to africa ~ ~ like they do . 
  i quite like it . 
  it was pretty good some time ago , but ~ ~ eu regulations ~ ~ vandalism and desire for ~ ~ renewed imperialism ~ ~ expansion destroyed it . 
  that was our original purpose , but we fail when the blues were too strong . 
  maybe we could do it now , but should n't the eu halt its expansion for a bit and deal with internal problems , such protecting the two flags ? 
  it would help if the eu did n't suffer from so much unjustified hate . 
  i do n't even know if i 'm talking about r/place or reality . 
  wow , i have n't update the map in a while . 
  i was still painting the background in blue . 
  what an wasted hour !, 
  were do we have 18 stars ? 
  i 'm still trying to figure out if r/place is really just a game or a real life simulator . 
  bib\u00f3 porto !, 
  first that country would almost immediately be suspended from the eu , but i guess it all depends on how the dictatorship would be installed . 
  if democratically elected probably there would n't be any intervention . 
  if it were to be a military coup and the people opposed it , maybe . 
  if it would be a coup by a small group of people , it would probably be handled as terrorism and it would be an intervention if the government requested it . 
  but this is all speculation , because there is no precedent and the situation is too general to receive a definitive answer . 
  bom enough ( totalmente no anglaise ), 
  it might be a solution , but do n't let the uk in or they will be brexiting ( do n't know what that means yet ) 60 years from now . 
  the portuguese flag is one of the most stable of all the flags , being hold by a glorious squirtle . 
  actually i quite light the french flag now . 
  and they can easily expand north and south , while germany can only go east/west . 
  you 're right . 
  i got confused with the revisionism in that r/place . 
  i do n't even know what a denmark is . 
  english was banned from the subreddit ( for a day ) . 
  edit : i 'm risking getting a lifetime ban from the internet for breaking the rules and i 've already received several reports about it . 
  the resistance is helping my score to stay above negative , but i can assure i 'm being downvoted . 
  please , do n't make the same mistake as i did . 
  learn french , german or even esperanto , but never talk again in the forbidden language . 
  goodbye reddit , it was nice procrastinate with you while it lasted . 
  denmark was also obliterate and substituted by sweden . 
  almost as beautiful as the relationship between germany and france . 
  protect the current eu flag against attacks . 
  no need to start another war when we are having a bad time fight our own . 
  we 've being working on it . 
  i 'm trying to fix the stars , now . 
  it helped the fact that the void was attacked . 
  france has escaped !,
