  those damn refugees ... 
  although it would be quite funny , i do n't believe we should be nasty towards them . 
  besides , it would n't be easy to sustain the flag against constant british attacks . 
  the flag has failed . 
  do you want to start a new one ? 
  if so , let 's coordinate or it will be a mess like before . 
  it might be possible if the sanders wing pressures it enough , but i 'm not expecting them to be in the front line . 
  even in europe we will need to see how experiments such the finnish one will fare , but it 's nice that politicians start addressing the problem instead of reacting to it when it 's too late . 
  maybe ubi will not be the solution but ignoring automatisation , i 'm certain it is not either . 
  it 's still a massive shift and no one needs to convince the elites , but the people . 
  if a strong economic argument is made to convince the people that it should be adopted , then it will be adopted . 
  it would help if people were stop developing better semiconductors . 
  just a * little * bit . 
  of course , of course . 
  someone kidnaps a poor delivering pizza guy and no one bats an eye , but if someone starts stealing delivering pizza robots , everyone looses their minds . 
  how so . 
  if people do n't get money to whom will capitalists sell their products ? 
  it should n't be that hard to convince them that in order to keep the economy flowing with higher robotization that a basic income would be necessary . 
  is n't macron a populist , though ? 
  those far-centrists are really a concern of mine . 
  is this supposed to be a satire ? 
  the entire article is in english , how am i supposed to read it ? 
   / \u03a3 some o meu voto . 
  russia does n't attack portugal because portugal stronk !, 
  what about starting a petition ? 
  as an eu citizen you can do a petition in the eu site . 
  if shared here , it might get quite a lot of signatures . 
  i will try look into it . 
  ah , the pun . 
  please kill me . 
  * looks at the window and it 's raining like hell . 
  * i absolutely agree . 
  oh , i did n't check . 
  that makes sense then . 
  the problems are being discussed now , almost daily , in portugal . 
  the problems are being addressed by the eu with new laws coming in 2019 , iirc . 
  and believe me , banks and bankers do n't escape the anger , but the great majority is redirected towards the government since they usually know about it and do nothing to inform or protect the people . 
  but are you portuguese or , with portuguese ancestry , or does that expression also exists in english ? 
  what the hell happened in hungary in 2005 ? 
  well , i do n't expect people to be browsing national subreddits different than their own . 
  everyone knows the real reason english is used as a lingua franca in the eu is not because of the uk but because of ireland , so i do n't see why would brexit change anything . 
  not yet . 
  novo banco will be sold to the private sector , at least that 's the plan , but the state will probably have to pay some of the debt . 
  privatization of cgd is probably out of question , mostly because of popular opposition to privatization . 
  the problem with cgd is that it was always the stable bank that everyone could count on . 
  private banks were reckless but cgd worked well . 
  the fact that the public bank is in such a dire state is a huge cause for concern for the population , since for many , that 's the only bank they have in their zone . 
  edit : just a note on privatization in portugal : although there are some cases were it worked , there 's a lot of others were the company was simply destroyed . 
  cimpor , for example , was a public cement company that was a leading company in the country . 
  it was sold and most of it 's portuguese production was relocated . 
  after reckless privatizations of the previous government of strategic companies ( edp , ren , ana ... ) , public opinion towards privatization is not the best and i share that opinion . 
  an independence candidacy or a candidate independent of any party ? 
  because the first is quite common ( our current president , austrian current president ... ) . 
  same in portugal . 
  now the `` far '' left and the communists are supporting ( centrist ) socialist government . 
  virtual no gains for the far right . 
  there 's always more to pay . 
  debt is around 130 % of gdp and the country will need to invest in the cgd ( public bank ) and in novo banco ( nationalized bank ) . 
  quite an important formality , though , since the eu now can officially start preparing itself for brexit , with teams assembling themselves to answer accordingly . 
  negotiations are finally starting ... 
  ca n't you vote for independence too ? 
  it would be quite funny . 
  leave wales to sort this mess out . 
  same could be said about being anti-uk , not anti-british . 
  i believe your are downplaying the effect on such comments have in europe . 
  brexit has if killed of many movements to leave the eu and even increase eu support . 
  the comments were not always solely anti-eu but even those might be taken has an insult , the same way i expect the british to feel insulted ( and many feel ) from comments by eu officials and national leaders . 
  the vote and stances from various personalities were very anti-europe . 
  there will always people will not take that easily , some as a betrayal . 
  anyway , the toxicity comes from both sides and it 's unlikely to go way , unfortunately , as the relations between we both will continue to deteriorate . 
  [ clickbait is literally hitler ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d4tudz4m0lc ), 
  yeah , there 's nothing more healthy than eating dick ... 
  that 's why i said i was divided . 
  i stated in my comment that i acknowledged the situation was different . 
  if it were not for the circunstancies , i would probably be against ( not that my opinion matters on the subject ) holding a new referendum right away . 
  i do n't really know what you want me to say . 
  i know , i took that into account . 
  quite small movements nowadays , but the autonomous regions have some movements . 
  mainly in madeira but a bit in azores . 
  after the carnation revolution , a terrorist group formed to demand madeira 's independence . 
  it quickly disbanded , but one of their members eventually became leader of the archipelago for 37 years , so the independence was commonly used as a threat to receive more funds or concessions from the mainland . 
  anyway , support for it is quite low ( ironically , some years ago , it was higher in the mainland , ~ 25 % , than in the region , ~ 10 % ) . 
  there 's also some movements for independence or greater autonomy in norte and in algarve , with the last sometimes making the news , but they also have marginal support . 
  support for it is quite small , that 's why i wrote `` rebellious '' . 
  ps : we also have the principality of pontinha . 
  do n't know if that counts , but it 's quite hilarious , anyway . 
  i guess , it just seems a bit extreme . 
  thanks . 
  does it really make sense having a threshold at the local level ( at least such an high one ) ? 
  small states , grand coalitions will be pretty much inevitably and even in larger ones , it 's kind of a risk . 
  will brussels be triggered by the triggering of the article 50 ? 
  it would probably also trigger andorrans , but i do n't remember i ever saw any around here . 
  i believe they should get a vote on it . 
  edit : it does n't mean i necessarily support it , i simply believe nations should be able to do it . 
  same for our `` rebellious '' regions . 
  age means nothing . 
  look at your own union before commenting such a ridiculous comment . 
  i 'm divided on this . 
  on one hand , i agree scots should have their own country as any nations that desires self-determination should , on the other hand they just had a referendum and an independence referendum every five years does n't bring stability . 
  of course there 's the brexit , so the situation is not the same as before , but i would prefer to see such a referendum once in 10 or 15 years at least , considering most likely independence would n't be reversible .
