  i feel like the invaded nation should be colored differently . 
  green maybe . 
  what about sweden ? 
  third romae would disagree . 
  either way , just because rum claimed to be rome does n't mean they were . 
  same way charlemagne and the hre claimed to be the true successors of rome , but were they really ? 
  what about `` another lisbon '' ? 
  what does have to do with anything ? 
  i 've simply made the claim that if this is a civil war , then it 's strange for georgia to be portrayed as the aggressor . 
  the logic conclusion is that this is not a just a civil war but somehow you felt attacked about things that do n't concern you . 
  i 'm not arguing anything , i 'm simply stating that if it is not a simple civil war . 
  but if it is a civil war then the breakaway province was the one to start the war . 
  georgia would merely be restoring order . 
  hungary and macedonia are low effort . 
  some are quite distorted , such as portugal or greece . 
  the german one is just stupid . 
  the shape of the country should naturally remind me of something , instead of trying to find something that technically could fit in that shape . 
  i do n't disagree with you . 
  i 'm just pointing out that statement transmits no information . 
  it is useless to the overall argument . 
  the post is talking about occupied countries , yet you needed to invoke a different definition ( without stating you were doing it ) just to try to save face . 
  the fact is that the post is not about invasions of the territory that is presently controlled by a country , but about the occupation of the country in question , which differs considerately in several aspects , as it means an actual political take over ( even if temporary ) and not only holding a batch of territory ( like the battle of fishguard ) . 
  the uk never actually suffer such take over . 
  it might be different for england , but then so it is for scotland ( english invasions of scotland , for example ) . 
  following your definition , though , there is no indication in the map that it only concerns great britain and not ireland and the rest of the present uk territory , so i guess the safest date on the map , on your idea , would be 1982 with the invasion of the falklands . 
  in that case english invasions of scotland also should count as invasions of the territory of great britain . 
  either way , the title mentions occupied countries , so it does not make any sense for you to make a separate distinction for invasions in the uk presently controlled territory ( which would be wrong , because we would need to account for the falklands , too , for example ) . 
  only england was invaded not the whole of great britain , but if that 's how you want to play ... 
  the name is in english that did n't exist at the time . 
  there was no great britain either ... norman troops only invaded what is now england , not the independent kingdoms in scotland , wales and ireland . 
  if eu eggs are more expensive and if worse quality , like you claim , why would it be the problem of allowing them to be imported ? 
  surely the free market would make sure they would only fly of the shelves to a garbage container . 
  so either you are a terrible buyer or you do n't really mind eating garbage , considering all the bullshit that comes out of your mouth . 
  everything is stable until it is n't . 
  not this argument again ... 
  i do n't , that does n't make any sense . 
  eggs that are subject to more regulations , in this case to stop the spreading of salmonella , that is a big concern in europe , should be more expensive than those who are not regulated . 
  as an european , i prefer to pay for those eggs and not burden our national healthcare with preventable diseases . 
  my question is if the same philosophy applies with defenders of free market or that simply does n't matter to them . 
  it 's a valid ideology too , i guess , but then ours should be taken into account when discussion higher prices due to health safety regulations . 
  i thought it only concerned imports and not actual production . 
  thank you for the detailed explanation and i 'm sorry for wasting your time . 
  i was thinking the same . 
  oh , i thought ck2 was the younger game . 
  the more you know . 
  this is a doubt i have for quite some time , maybe you can answer me . 
  how is this problem solved when regarding free trade deals between the eu and other nations ? 
  does n't the same problem appears between japan and canada with eu as intermediary ? 
  or between eu and nafta with canada being the kingmaker ? 
  i think i am . 
  if not proud , at least i feel like a european citizen . 
  at least i feel more connected with my european partners , either through the eu , the type of tourists or students we communicate with or even just this forum . 
  does n't mean i discard my national identity , i love being portuguese , but i 'm european and i like it . 
  yes , britain has showing cracks for a long time . 
  / s anyway , i do n't see anything bad with what varadkar has said . 
  he stressed the eu position and give a possible solution ( maybe discussed inside the eu ) to solve one of the criteria needed to close the first phase of negotiations . 
  at this point what everyone is waiting is for the british to reassemble themselves and start negotiating . 
  first , we are talking about eggs , not the overall rate of salmonella and either way it does n't matter . 
  i just wanted to know what is your opinion and i gave mine . 
  do n't need to get all defensive . 
  bollocks , pigs do n't lay eggs . 
  the real question is why are you deathly afraid of cookie dough ? 
  do you prefer cheaper eggs that might spread diseases or better quality eggs that do n't ? 
  is it ethical to have deadly products in the market and expect the people to sort it out ? 
  either way , i think people in europe are happy with their healthcare , so i guess better quality eggs is not that a terrible thing . 
   us sucks eu rules if us was sucking eu rules , maybe their eggs would be of better quality . 
  congrats , it did n't take that long . 
  that 's not how the game is supposed to be played , as you skipped one blank space . 
  talk about being inept and incapable ... 
   given how much american culture they devour someone has to . 
  culture is our thing . 
  and then we make it better . 
  did you watch current american politics ? 
  i 'm not sure if our politicians are that more likely to contain bullshit than their american counterparts , but if they do , it is not due to eu regulations , but a proud tradition of screwing ourselves . 
  and on the american state . 
   50 times so american . 
  was i the only one making effort noises every time the poor chicken tried to push ? 
  and chickens . 
  spanish already sounds drunk enough , i do n't think portuguese excels that , but i might be biased . 
  well , suicide was considered a sin by the church . 
  logic ca n't really be appealed to when it enters the realm of faith . 
  what does neoliberal even mean in the european context ? 
  it 's just an insult imported from the us that does n't make sense in much of european countries . 
  you are killing a meme ... 
  i need to take of picture of this moment . 
  that 's answer not a question ... 
  no , i did n't try that yet . 
  what i 'm saying is that it would be unwise for op to give those informations regardless of having money or not at home . 
   also let me know when you 're away and where do you leave your spare key . 
  not that people 's houses usually have more things of value than money . 
  do you want a place to keep your money safe or a place to make more invest your money ? 
  i think it the ends it comes down to it . 
  if you want high interest rates there are places where you can invest it , but , of course , it will be riskier . 
  if you simply want to have your money in a safe place that seems a good plan . 
  maybe those are the two thirds that live far from the coast , like near zagreb . 
  but does it makes sense for religious groups to be receiving such benefits ? 
  do n't worry , they still are . 
  that makes no sense , porto is by far coolest than lisbon , but certainly the title should go to some city in scandinavia . 
  are you really w ~ ~ h ~ ~ ining about it ? 
  i guess , pollution concerns , but it 's a bit strange to go to the beach and soap bubbles in the sea .
