  most likely an average person would n't be neutral towards the us and that , unfortunately , means shitting on americans that are actually nice . 
  i would like this sub to be hate-free , but , although it is n't as bad as most places in the internet , it is n't an utopian place of civil discussion either . 
  i 'm gravely concerned . 
  are they neoliberal if they were always liberal , though ? 
  in the us context where liberal means a different thing , neoliberal might be a term that makes sense . 
  if applied to socialist parties that often govern in the center it might make sense , but classical liberalism is the ideology of the lib-dems . 
  it 's kind of stupid label them neoliberals if they never tried to hide what they believe in . 
  to be fair , we in the north call mouros to everyone south of coimbra . 
  it opens cooperation lines between scientific and diplomatic teams , and increases trust between both factions . 
  it seems to me , getting a global scientific society would help , not harm , the support for freedom of speech in china and make things better for both of us , down the line . 
  the article is way more interesting than the sensationalist title . 
   frog lady based on alt-right subreddits , she already is . 
  it was on the day after , though . 
  but yeah , it 's always the secret police is n't it ? 
    people could n't even criticize the regime at their own homes because they did n't know if their neighbors were part regime and would expose them  beyond exaggeration . 
  are you serious ? 
  did you live through that period or even talked about anyone that live it ? 
  the marshall plan was certainly more significative . 
  i do n't even know in what form did the economic assistance come . 
  anyway , the us were already though as an important ally of portugal and that has n't change much . 
  yeah , that is indeed true . 
  there is being some progress in it , but i would like it to be more recognized , too . 
   mostly no , no compensation . 
  the above comment paints these people in an overly bright light . 
  most of these `` wealthy businessment '' had gigantic links with the regime . 
  how did i painted these people in an overly bright light ? 
  i said basically the exactly the same as you did . 
  i 'm far left if you consider the left bloc far left , but i can say that , from what i 've read in this thread , there does n't seem to have any communist supporters in here or if there are , it 's not evident . 
  anyway , criticism of the far right is not merely a left versus right issue , as it affected people lives tremendously . 
  not even our right wing supporters ( see edit ) , although sometimes some might fancy about the returning of salazar , would describe it as a left vs. right issue . 
  the regime kept the population ignorant , it imprisoned any dissent . 
  people could n't even criticize the regime at their own homes because they did n't know if their neighbors were part regime and would expose them . 
  conscription and 13 years of a colonial war meant an entire generation was lost . 
  yes , the regime presented some economic stability , but the fundamental rights , such as freedom of speech , won with april 25th are way more valuable than that , that 's why wo n't be very popular if you try smooth the criticism of the dictatorship in portugal . 
  edit : i 'm talking about the people , not the politicians . 
  the later often shamelessly politicize the celebration for their own agenda . 
  yeah , but a quite annoying one . 
  sometimes they have good political coverage , but often it 's just as terrible as fox news . 
  i 'm ok with liberal youtube channels that provide any content and i often watch them , but this one is just unbearable . 
  mainstream media in portugal regarding international issues is usually a copy past from british or american sources . 
   no one acknowledges the dark repercussions of this day to a lot of people who just happened to be born in africa instead of europe that 's not true . 
   about the nationalizations , what happened to the people that lost property during those years ? 
  did they ever get any type of compensation about it ? 
  i actually do n't know , i did n't live those times , but since the nationalizations were sanctioned by the government , it 's unlikely they received any compensation or received very little . 
  regarding the seized property , most people were probably able to get them back , as the seizure was illegal . 
  of course some might have not contested the seizure because they were afraid of repercussions . 
  most likely they did when the times more stable , but still it probably take too much . 
  people often had to hide their their property . 
   how hard was the integration of the people from the colonies ? 
  i can guess that during that time , adding so many people into the economy during a crisis was n't a very good idea . 
  they where portuguese and they were fleeing for their lives , at the very least we had to open the door for them . 
  resentment against white people from mainland was really high there and that resentment turned to hate and violence pretty quickly . 
  they were not a burden for the economy , because simply did n't receive any help or received very little one . 
  besides they were already part of the economy . 
  the economy was bad because the country had lost a resources fight in the war and lost the colonies that also helped the economy going . 
  loosing an entire generation was really not helpful . 
  the retornados lost everything they had in africa and they were welcomed with a lost of racism here in portugal as people labelled them traitors for living in the colonies . 
  being called a retornado was a really offensive slur and their lives were miserable . 
  there was a really good tv series about it , some years ago . 
  they might or not be the same but that does n't justify anything . 
  your comment was unnecessary , at best . 
  i guess we should reinstate the dictatorship then ... 
  it was n't , as a civil war almost broke out ... several times . 
  this was a military coup after all . 
  considering everything , it 's quite amazing the revolution played out as well as it did . 
  first , there was a lot of political instability , the third republic , lead by the recently deceased m\u00e1rio soares ( socialist ) , only came to power two years after the revolution . 
  in between there were six provisional government , generally falling after a couple of months in power , some due to coups , either from the left or from the right . 
  the transition was highly affected by the tensions of the cold war . 
  the communists were a really strong force and they dominated a lot of the political discussion during that time . 
  as an example , there was a wave of nationalizations . 
  those who had two houses or two cars or where owners of private business often had their things taken away from groups that occupy it or from labour unions that formed . 
  if people did n't comply they would be called fascists and would probably be met with violence . 
  there was also the threat from the salazarist that wanted to keep the regime going , sometimes supported by the church . 
  the tensions culminated in the hot summer of 1975 and in the failed coup of november 25th of the same year , that eventually removed several key figures from the extreme left , paving the way for a pluralist democracy . 
  portugal had colonies and all of them got their formal independence with the revolution . 
  still , there was terrorists movements forming in azores and madeira , pushing for independence . 
  the us and uk also had plans to stimulate azorean independence if the communist party were to take over . 
  there was also some terrorist in mainland , but that was linked with the far left revolutionaries . 
  the violence that broke out in the colonies and their hate for portuguese meant a wave of refugees ( `` retornados '' ) fled to portugal . 
  they suffered a lot of hate here in portugal , so their lives were quite unbearable . 
  on top of everything , there was an economic crisis looming , as the war had milked most of the resources . 
  after the inauguration of the third republic , the us set up economic to help insure democracy would endure . 
  still , it was two years after the revolution and the country was in need of modernization , openness ( which meant cee membership a priority for the first government ) and a cultural and educational revolution . 
  i think it went well for the most part . 
  i was talking about his second point ... 
  so was m\u00e9lenchon . 
  le pen , fillion and m\u00e9lenchon were actually quite closed . 
  this could have played out quite differently . 
  if they abstain instead of voting for le pen , for me is good enough . 
  what happened to fn in 2007 ? 
  it would be interesting to see if they will continue `` far '' left or if they will shift a bit more to the center as they age . 
  maybe a hamon lead socialist party might even recover due to m\u00e9lenchon . 
  nah , i do n't find that hard to believe . 
  maybe they wanted to scare france a bit , but they though she would n't never win at the first round . 
  in the second they just do n't need to risk and vote . 
   we 're comparing different countries here , with one having students that have to pay tuition and another where they do n't have to pay anything ( except multiple hundred a semester for a public transport ticket 250 $ at max . ), 
  thank you . 
  i 'm pretty sure my comments reflected it i was talking about a different reality , though . 
  no i did n't , i was simply arguing that for a student is better to work on the weekend than during the week . 
  grow up , this is just a discussion , there 's no need for you to feel insulted if you disagree .
