   at present , we have experimentally validated theoretical calculations , showing that it is fundamentally possible to detect moving ships by their galileo reflections , which is proof of concept of the underpinning science behind our project . 
   the receiver then records galileo signals that naturally bounce off moving ships , and processes them to provide estimates of the ship 's relative range and speed . 
  i would not submarines , unless they are afloat and moving . 
  most likely the system will have to compare the signal with the sea background , which means it 's very unlikely any submarine even , if near the surface , will be caught . 
  in the case some submarine is caught , it will most likely it will be identify as an error ( it could be a whale , some garbage , seaweed ... ) and discarded , so i would say submarines will mostly be safe . 
  of course that will depend on the type of water , profundity , etc. , but this does n't seem to be a good system to detect submarines . 
  seems very unlikely since le pen is french and not dutch . 
  i understand the concern , but it kind of worries me that only the 5 largest parties will be able to do it . 
  pragmatically it should n't have much impact , but it does n't democratic . 
  but i guess , given the circunstancies ... edit : also , does n't have the netherlands that could criminalize such a traitorous act ? 
  this is a game quite easy to cheat , but there 's really no fun on that . 
  at least it makes you fear how powerful google is . 
  i could only identify juncker and sarkozy , by myself . 
  quite nice game anyway , thank you op . 
  how 's that a nope ? 
  you ca n't nope me and then support my statement . 
  most likely the children do learn in state schools . 
  eurovision started before the eec . 
  no , that socks . 
  here in romania or here in portugal ? 
  because , i 'm talking about portugal and i 've never saw such a thing . 
  socks are regarded as smelly and no one would really receive anyone in socks . 
  damn , everyone is taking a bite . 
  and they just won amsterdam . 
  and that was not talked enough . 
  everyone comment how hofer lost , but the fact that , even though independent , the green van der bellen won shows a strong signal that we want and need green politics . 
  what counts is the proportional results in the final . 
  the greens are performing quite well globally , even though not winning anything . 
  i think we can expect a greater share of the vote in larger communities , though , which will came latter . 
  it is , but i also feel people are getting interested in other countries politics , instead of only their own . 
  it seems so . 
  it 's quite uncommon , that 's my point . 
  although in that time , the prime player for open markets was the british empire . 
  cu is kind of strange party . 
  it means you have more people to count the votes . 
  count faster !, 
  it was a joke regarding a comment from a dutchman who was raging against this sudden interest in their politics . 
  there 's no criticism in my comment , just a satirical assessment of the european electoral calendar for 2017 and the interest around it . 
  ^ whispers ^ of ^ a ^ dream . 
  yeah . 
  i guess i should rewrite my comment : i do n't want him to be relevant . 
  * sigh *, 
  this is ridiculous . 
  i 'm watching a live stream from a election where i did n't vote , in a country that is n't mine , in a language i do n't understand a word . 
  10/10 would do it again . 
  edit : again . 
  there are links in the thread . 
  got ta love how nationalism has gone global . 
  still , it just does n't seem relevant at the moment . 
  why is trump even relevant at this moment . 
  let them rage or cheer or wherever , let 's us just ignore them for a moment . 
  i wonder . 
  if no one lives in that island where the polling station was in the beach . 
  what number will they present in the turnout ? 
  not fraud . 
  it only means that more people voted in a constituency than the people that live there . 
  people are not bound to vote in a given place . 
  crisis averted , i guess . 
  good for the netherlands . 
  now you can fade into the shadows again while the masses move their attention to the french election , completely ignoring how the internal dutch politics will play out . 
  do n't you just love elections ? 
  do n't mind the trolls saying that greenland does n't get a vote because they are part of denmark . 
  they are still a democracy , so they get to vote . 
  it would be pretty funny if everyone voted blanc . 
  is n't vvd at 31 ? 
  people use it in the privacy of their houses , not while being/having guests . 
  stop voting , you are voting too hard . 
  well , time to learn dutch . 
  most people would consider nasty otherwise . 
  in portugal people usually take their shoes in the privacy of their houses but not while receiving guests or while going to other people 's houses . 
  if you do that , it 's just strange . 
  it just a question of culture , i guess . 
   eating french fries and croquettes disgraceful . 
  it forces the mp 's to dialogue and actually search consensus . 
  the goal of democracy . 
  besides , a lot of the parties are not so different from each other so consensus is not impossible . 
  they prefer to be an opposition party , but that does n't mean things ca n't change . 
  it kind of did in portugal and it is working . 
  they do n't happen frequently in america ? 
  i got the sense that the us is permanently in elections . 
  presidential elections , several local/mayor elections , party elections , party primaries , senate , the house , the schoolboard ... and all they time they are freaking campaigning . 
  that 's quite amazing . 
  the guardian has now a live thread . 
  `` wake up , romanian !, 
  '' , it seems . 
  almost . 
  since romanian is a latin language , i can only assume that means destapa-te , so : uncover yourself , romania ? 
  it 's barbaric . 
  i though it was taking towels from hotels . 
  that seems quite an embarrassing , but widespread behavior . 
  regarding border crosses , people near the raia often cross it for fuel . 
  before and a bit time after april 25th ( 1974 ) people would go to spain to buy day-to-day itens and , famously , candies . 
  nowadays , usually there was spaniards , mostly from galicia , to buy in ikea , in porto . 
  the companions then tried to reclaim their reward with the roman consul , but he execute them instead because they had betrayed their leader . 
  there is certainly still some salazarist influence , but most likely all the reactions you got was because you 've started by bashing our country or making false generalizations about the people , like you 've done in the posts above . 
  this kind of aggressive behavior pushes people off , even if they agree with you . 
  to be fair the brazilian empire was not much better on that regard . 
  and if you get a bit of time to look into what 's taught in history classes you will see that no one portrays ignores the evils of the empire . 
  do you do the same in brazil , or do you attribute the blame only to portugal ? 
  also , since there was no brazilian people at the time , if you want to put the blame to the portuguese of today , in fairness , you will also have to blame any brazilian with portuguese ancestry .
