  kill everything !, 
  i think bohemia , although being the majority of the country , is only a ethnic region , others including those two . 
  so czechia would be referring to the whole country and not only a fraction . 
  now imagine someone pronouncing kzechia with an actual z. 
  never heard it , but it would be fun . 
  you can have a terror attack that does n't kill anyone . 
  if someone was to blow a landmark to induce terror , i would regard it as a terror attack . 
  i think in the end what should constitute a terror attack is the intent behind it , not the numbers . 
  unless when it 's cold . 
  then it 's called siberia . 
  implying we portuguese look all the same ... 
  i can see what is your game . 
  i 'm not triggered . 
  i was joking about the fact that other guy said portugal and spain happened to be in the same map , like it 's a strange coincidence . 
  you really need to chill out a bit . 
  edit : map not nap . 
  although the heat is nice for a siesta . 
  what a strange thing is n't it ? 
  i wonder how will they enforce it . 
   we have much bigger plans is it eurovision ? 
  please , tell me it 's eurovision !, 
  was n't this meant to r/eurovision ? 
  i mean , my condolences to the family , but that does n't seem something that relevant to this sub . 
   ppl in the city and then you 've extrapolated europe ? 
  seems a bit too much for some `` weird vibes '' . 
   anyway , sailing with a ship 2km away from the coast is not invading . 
  entering the waters of another nation is . 
  putting gibraltarian ships in danger is also a problem . 
   you are totally anti-spanish did you guess all that from my flair ? 
  maybe i should also extrapolate your flair and said that you only want to weak spain in the diplomatic world to advance your basque independence ideal . 
  a stupid extrapolation ? 
  of course it is , but so it 's yours . 
   but somehow , some brits think we are going to invade gibraltar everytime we bring up the subject . 
  ffs , we just want the best deal for all of us , and for that you need to bring the subject at some point . 
  well , gibraltar is constantly `` invaded '' by spanish ships , already . 
  are n't the british exaggerating a bit ? 
  i 'm not talking about the situation of gibraltar , but the reaction over this visit . 
  the media and mp 's are loosing their heads over something the king of spain may or may not say . 
  we could make a dlc out of it . 
  it looks like a bus stop . 
  you could have cited all that reasons to why your post is still valid but be humble enough to admit you got the wrong picture ... edit : post instead of lost, 
   edit : regardless of the actual location , the photo is illustrative of how these toilets are used in london . 
  is that hard to admit you got it wrong ? 
   this is in the centre of london , inside the very heart of british civilisation , on the very same streets winston churchill walked while smoking an expensive cigar . 
  and probably thinking where he could find a public toilet . 
  what if someone passed out and sleeps there ? 
  will they pass their hangover underground ? 
  somehow i was expecting an answer like this one . 
  thanks for not disappointing me . 
  how the hell are the dutch cycling through the channel into britain ? 
  one counter-example is enough to disprove an ` all statement ' . 
  not true at all . 
  the portuguese government has being one of the most welcoming of migrants to try to solve this generational problem . 
  it simply has n't being working . 
  north or south ? 
  people in the north usually seem nicer . 
  i 'm in mobile so i do n't see the flags , but i can read the flair . 
  somehow i read germany instead of georgia . 
  i was really confused when reading your comment you were `` trashing '' georgia ( in the us ) having `` praised '' the us before . 
  this was probably not one of my finest moments . 
  i do n't think israel is that common in r/europe . 
  seems more an r/eurovision thing . 
  i do n't know why i keep reading perkele with an italian accent . 
  i 'm sorry , but you 've misspelled nicolau de tesla , twice . 
  personally i quite like the idea and it actually makes a lot of sense . 
  it is an important laboratory often reserved for a small club of nations and it will get increased interest with the climate change phenomena . 
  damn , i say do it already . 
  oh , please , baltic is the new nordic . 
   the same can be said to the us-mexico border which is home to some of the most violent conflicts in the world . 
  the different libyan governments are n't advancing on eachother a la syria . 
  it 's more like the situation in mexico where gangs compete for the same territory but with more satefy . 
  what the hell ? 
  it has nothing to do with the drug conflict in us-mexico border as there are two globally recognizable governments in the fight , the us and mexico . 
  none of them are failed states , even if mexico is not capable of controlling all of its territory , it has the legitimacy of a government and the us knows compromisses agreed with them will be honored . 
  in libya there is not one recognizable government . 
  there at least two fighting for the legitimacy of it . 
   nope . 
  by that logic , most countries in the world are unsafe . 
  india also has an active terrorist insurgency sponsored by pakistan . 
  is india unsafe too ? 
  i assume libya is as safe as greece , then . 
  what i 've said about mexico applies here , too . 
   this is actually a legitimate question but can be worked out . 
  one option is to negotiate individually with every major faction that controls the seaborder . 
  that is the core of the issue , but i 'm sure a skilled diplomat like you knew it would be peanuts to get such deal and make it work . 
  maybe you should be in charge of the eu 's diplomacy instead of that italian woman ... 
   if we force a ship or two to sunk so a duterte approach ? 
  three different government battling for the most important ports , in . 
  how exactly is libya `` very stable '' ? 
  eu bureaucracy labels libya unsafe because it is unsafe . 
  besides , with so much battling for control of the country , with who would europe negotiate and which prospect of seeing a deal honored would we have ? 
  i would say russia is the true liberal motor of europe . 
  well , they do contribute a bit . 
  an unstable saudi arabia would be ( another ) nightmare in the middle east . 
  but yes , it is more about the potentiality for stability than stability itself , in which case discussion should n't be needed ( except if the saudis were to complain about us and russian destabilization in the me ) . 
  well , i 'm not and hamburger ^ ^ / s , but are n't many protesters ( at least the more violent ones ) from anarchist groups all around europe or just there to cause violence ? 
  it 's not really contributing but holding the keys for it . 
  there is not much going on in switzerland or netherlands , while saudi arabia is key for stabilizing that region . 
  we do n't need to discuss peace with the former , as it is part of their policy , but we absolutely need to do it with saudi arabia . 
  no , but we do n't need to be .
