  who annexed spain , portugal or france ? 
  it was that attitude that propelled us to the new world . 
  they gave us 12 points . 
  i 'm sad their song was , well , not good this year , but that does n't dismiss their songs . 
  we usually like them . 
  agreed . 
  i do n't think he meant exactly what he said as he and his sister sang other contestants songs , such as finland and belgium , but it was a pretty stupid thing to say anyway . 
  well , we just had a paypal visit , so we are in the right track . 
  i think we will skip that one . 
  i was quite disappointed with lucie 's performance . 
  she underperformed a bit , but it is still one of my favorites songs of this year . 
  [ something better ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a-nsvfbku-4 ) , softengine ( finland 2014 ), 
   is n't that some church thing to do with death ? 
  i swear , they 'll have my vote if it 's death metal . 
  indeed it is . 
  if you are into that sort of music you should listen to mozart 's requiem . 
  certainly there are some beautiful songs in danish . 
  the lyrics are mostly quite superficial anyway , so at least we would have something interesting to hear . 
  and we kick out australia in that year or do we expect an aboriginal singer ? 
  does a song in aussie counts as not english ? 
  spain was underrated last year . 
  maybe you 'll be overrated this one . 
  i think you 'll be surprised by uk 's result . 
  at least i hope . 
  the song is quite good . 
  it seemed it had a shot of winning after the emotional performance in the semi-final . 
  it was my favorite song after the semi-final , although i certainly can say i did n't believe it would win . 
  it depends on the tax and how the money is used . 
  the whole media is in histeria . 
  it 's unbearable . 
  some people liked the song ... 
  i would say the uk can easily reach top 10 this year . 
  also , that point deficit between the uk and portugal , sums up our history with the britain . 
  he 's credit for building the autobahn and volkswagen , the country that was recovering from a huge depression reached full employment . 
  the civilians projects he got involved granted him huge popularity , helping him consolidate power without opposition from the general population . 
  how has putin done more and better ? 
  gorbachev was prevented from delivering the reforms the soviet union needed , but putin has only consolidated the oligarchy and corruption . 
  would n't the departure of marion le pen help marine on her reforms , though ? 
  she just lost one of the main sources of opposition . 
  i do n't know how well organized the conservatives ( ? ), 
  of the party are , but it seems she has consolidated power . 
  i guess we will see in the following weeks , but i do expect the republic in march momentum will cause them big troubles . 
  i think it 's a good plan . 
  it saves money for the and does n't completely destroy one of the cities sources of money . 
  * `` into the motherland the german army march !, 
  i 'm not in favor of interventions . 
  certainly not like the ones in libya . 
  i 'm simply saying keeping the peace in northern africa is of utmost interest of the eu , not for some countries . 
  no that 's why there 's the idea of an european army . 
  the problem is that a fight between eu and russia would be extremely different if fought in the border or if fought in germany . 
  if the response is not quickly enough , there is not way the eu would be able to resist a blitzkrieg attack from russia . 
  and my point is that most of european nations are not in a shape to resist an invasion . 
  it does n't matter how well trained france and britain are if they came to late to the war . 
  this was an international attack . 
  it looks like it nhs was not target , but the attack was scattered and reached the nhs system . 
  anyway , this is incredibly relevant . 
  we all knew that something like this could happen , but never prepared to it . 
  the problem is not tolerating or not an invasion . 
  there is not much political will to deploy french or british troops in the eastern border of europe . 
  even if they march against an invading russian army , a lot of nations would fall before they were ready to engage and defend europe . 
  i would like to argue that i do n't want to see portuguese life lost in angola and mozambique . 
  once portuguese citizens are out of there , there is nothing we should be doing there unless they ask us too . 
  they are not colonies anymore , we do n't have interests there to protect either . 
  i do n't see why that excludes an eu army , though . 
  since we do n't use our army for foreign interventions , we need to disband it ? 
  we do n't . 
  apart from france and uk , the other countries did n't provide much help apart from logistical support and training of local troops . 
  i do n't know if you 've looked at the european map recently , but france and the uk do n't border russia . 
  if an invasion was to take place , local armies need to react and they do n't have the experience to it . 
  russian tourists in ukraine were effective achieving their aim . 
  europe is totally unprepared to the type of covert war russia has specialized herself . 
  we were not invited to nigeria . 
  like i 've said on the other comment , it is unproductive to intervene in a country that does n't want intervention . 
  considering nigeria 's situation , it would be stupid to do it . 
  besides , apart from logistical support , there was not much that we could do to help . 
  nigeria was capable of handle the situation themselves with only logistical support . 
  foreign intervention should only be used when really needed and even in those cases , it needs to be sensitive , not the the bloodbath that is now the middle east . 
  the eu has all the interest too keep peace on those countries if it does n't want to see another wave of refugees on it 's shores . 
  it seems you are in need of a hug . 
  apart from france and the uk , there 's not much involvement from european countries . 
  i meant the eu as a whole . 
  france also had missions in mali . 
  normally is mainly the us and a little bit france and the uk doing the work while the rest give logistical support . 
  oh , no you did n't ... 
  yeah and europe is a only a eu approved rope ... 
  i 'm pretty sure most of the people in the uk know what eurovision is . 
  i would be very surprised if that was not the case . 
  look who 's talking !, 
  what about the almighty australia-hungary empire , now reduced to a island that calls itself a continent in the other side of the world ? 
  regarding this cenario and believing the us would not interfere . 
  i would say russia . 
  russia has an highly trained military capable of urban warfare . 
  it has currently being testing their newest technologies in the syrian civil war , whereas europe is fractured and would n't be able to give a proper response . 
  the eu might be huge in absolute value but the lack of warring experience is a huge disadvantage . 
  a lot of eu countries are in nato , though , so they have some cooperative experience , but i do n't think the eu would be able to mount a proper defense on time . 
  with us and other nato allies interference to secure the eu in the early stages of war , things might be different . 
  like stated , the eu as a strong technological industry that might do the trick in a long war . 
  russia economy would n't be able to support a long term war either . 
  this would n't come would huge looses for both sides ( assuming nukes wo n't be used ) . 
  of course , hardly russia would seek a full scale war with europe , but a quick covert war , such as in crimea and donbass , which europe does n't seem prepared to .
