  [ \u266b \u266b \u266b ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dqw4w9wgxcq ), 
  world cup ? 
  there absolutely should be the same deal for brits in the eu . 
  you can easily find in the internet various calculations that take borders into account and make an weighted mean to get the result . 
  i would recommend you to search for yourself , because different parameters will mean different results ( only eu countries , include or not territories not in europe , ... ) . 
  define weird . 
  so he wants a referendum ? 
  it might be too democratic for him , i do n't know if he can not rig it . 
  eu will die , globalists will be defeated ... what about the french people ? 
  for a nationalist , she seems to have their priorities misplaced . 
  no , no , no . 
  she 's simply trying to create a global anti-globalist movement . 
  no it was not . 
  there was a claim from morocco on those cities , similarly as portugal maintains a claim on oliven\u00e7a and spain maintains a claim in gibraltar . 
  that 's my example , but somehow you are very keen on proving me wrong in things i never said . 
  i bet that 's a sausage . 
  why are you so defensive ? 
  i did not criticize spain , i simply state it has an example ... 
  exactly . 
  why i 'm i mixing things ? 
  does n't morocco hold a claim on those cities ? 
  i just wanted to know what is the criteria , you do n't need to get offended . 
  what is exactly the criteria and when was that added ? 
  i know that is what prevents serbia and/kosovo from advancing in the negotiations , but by the same token , spain should n't have entered because of gibraltar , ceuta , mellila ... or portugal because of oliven\u00e7a . 
  is there any criteria for what constitutes a relevante issue ? 
  romanian version of only only '90s kids will remember ? 
  wow , i 'm quite confused now . 
  even the bulgarian user that made the election thread states that vote is compulsory . 
  edit : it seems they had a referendum on it : [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bulgarian_referendum,_2016 ) , but it failed to achieve the minimum turnout required to be mandatory ( 51 % ) . 
  i 'm not sure if it was enforced . 
  i 'm quite baffled by how hard is to get reliable updated information about the subject . 
  this does n't seem their type of thing . 
  that 's the problem , i did n't said she said it . 
  i only tried to explain what i understood from / u/stuijfsande 's comment . 
  quite a good idea , since [ bulgaria approved compulsory voting to boost turnout ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-bulgaria-election-iduskcn0xi2by ) . 
  interesting that we had our first and only woman as prime-minister in that year . 
  three months after thatcher , maria de lourdes pintasilgo was appointed . 
  although her government only lasted six months , it 's interesting that it happened at the same time . 
  interesting choice of colors and name nationalist/right wing populist party . 
  when i saw the graph i though they were centrists and/or liberals . 
  although i agree with you , that 's not what / u/stuijfsande said . 
  he said that it was reckless for individual member states to talk about implementation of sanctions that are competence of the eu . 
  one thing is voicing concern or even take action with their own country laws , another is to suggest the use of common mechanisms that no member state has the right to decide alone . 
  dammit , you 're right . 
  how does that `` should '' is better than a system that is already working ? 
  those dutch keep cycling and recycling . 
  i though this was already done . 
  that 's not what happened . 
  hillary was not an inspiring candidate and trump , despite being a complete lunatic , was capable of identifying the fears of the american people , which contrary to europe , are in grand part economic . 
  hillary barely campaigned on issues . 
  with such a candidate that neglects her voters concerns , why would her base show up to vote ? 
  dlc 's are too expensive . 
  they would still be a problem . 
  maybe not as bad , that 's debatable , but they would certainly be a problem . 
  exactly , because tax havens are eu 's fault ... 
  the danish one is quite smart . 
  it 's a bit more poetic . 
  he really knows how to insult people does n't he ? 
  * cries in irrelevance *, 
  just to put in perspective , last week temperatures reached 20\u00bac in most of the country . 
  yet , you 've pointed out her disability . 
  there was no need for that , but i guess you are allowed to be a bigot to prove a point . 
  damn it , i was hoping for a divide . 
  i guess we will just have to agree on something ... 
  the fact she 's handicapped has nothing to do with the issue . 
  she actually quite a good singer . 
  this is simply a matter of national security . 
  she sang in crimea after the annexation , meaning , by ukrainian law , that she ca n't go mainland ukraine . 
  if it was planned or not it 's a matter of discussion , but do n't slammer her for being disabled . 
  more like an oblate spheroid . 
  quite sad that the / s is now irrelevant . 
  i do n't know about scale , but at least 1:6.000.000 is correctly described as arabic . 
  i do n't know if i should point out your ignorance , but that 's spanish ... 
  there were already , some weeks ago . 
  i told you so !, 
  that 's what they want you to think . 
  those sneaky swiss . 
  selling you overpriced cheese , chocolate and watches and then ... bang switzerreich . 
  i 'm still working out the details of how their plan , but i can promisse you , it 's evil and we should be prepared . 
  oh god , the economy !, 
  to be fair we 've paid several reparations to former colonies although that was quite fair since they got independence quite late , but still ... 
  those mercenaries ? 
  yeah , just because they use a silly costume does n't mean they were not once one of the most efficient armies in europe . 
  my bad , i meant that it was not an independence movement . 
  like the others i mention are n't too . 
  did n't read the `` treaty '' part . 
  i was wondering what the uk was doing in lisbon ( again ) . 
  well that 's not an independence movement . 
  if you are to include such movement , other should be included , even though that are often quite irrelevant , like a movement to make join galicia and portugal , moldova and romania , or movements of ethnic minorities in romania , estonia , ukraine . 
  this is far from including every separatist movement . 
  edit : correction, 
  ah , good . 
  i did n't want to take dijsselbloem in uniting you . 
  he 's more fit for the job . 
  this types of articles always seem to wish that terrorism in europe actually becomes a thing . 
  to be fair , we are so far west that rome is already far east , so i would n't take that as a pejorative . 
  it seems so skinny . 
  wow , is brittany such a left leaning region ? 
  had no idea . 
  also m\u00e9lechon should n't be excluded .
