  if you 've read the article you 'll see there will be no `` yet '' . 
  or at least kacynski opposes it . 
  he 's contradicting itself . 
  nato wo n't defend us if we need it . 
  the us has failed us as an ally many times and with trump , the relation will be even worst . 
  besides , it 's time to take care of our defense instead of relying on the us for everything . 
  i do n't trust nato and the very fact that it is too interventionist is the reason why we should seek an alternative for our defense . 
  besides , we ca n't count on it when the us , turkey or the uk are turning their backs on us . 
  the army could even be ( and probably would be ) based on a article that stated it would only fight for the common defense , or something along those lines . 
  that 's why i do n't really understand the opposition to it . 
  it 's an humane measure , by accepting third generation immigrants as citizens since they are , after all , already part of the society and it wo n't increase immigration , anyway . 
  i do n't expect anyone to say : `` i will immigrate to switzerland because my grandchildren will be able to get citizenship and , provided that i can brainwash my children and their children , we will replace their culture with our own . 
  ca n't the people of those places organize themselves , if they want to change the name , and propose to the government to change it ? 
  but those votes are tied together . 
  the prime-minister ( president of the ep ) is nominate by the chief of state ( in this case it would be juncker ) , in most countries . 
  unless in a monarchy , the chief of state would be voted in and , in many countries , the chief would also has veto powers . 
  in the eu case , the parliament nominates both the president of the ep and the european commission , which often works independently of the ep . 
  if the people only voted for the ep , why are other institutions with higher power controlling europe and often ignore the only elected body ? 
  it would be simpler to have two ballots : one for the parliament and one for the president of the european commission , with the later being able to nominate the president of the ep , instead of the current byzantine network in which the people are unable to understand where the decisions came from and thus , get the people in charge accountable for their actions . 
  no wonder people complain against the eu if it is incapable of the transparency needed for a functioning democratic government . 
  i 'm criticizing juncker for that , i 'm criticizing the process . 
  the ec and the ep are two different institutions . 
  ep has legislative power , and the ec has executive power . 
  it 's not in the ep right to grant executive power to anyone if we want to ensure separation of powers . 
  just because they tell me they will do it beforehand does n't mean i ca n't criticize the process and demand it to be more democratic . 
  so give me a vote on the ep and in the ec or else the ec has few to none legitimacy . 
  i 'm not a huge fan of someone who is capable of exerting executive power without being elected , but that 's only general criticism of the commission . 
  i gave my power to the european parliament , not to juncker and he does n't seem to understand that . 
  he lost my respect with the asymmetric way he treats countries , like his `` because it is france '' argument regarding the budget . 
  he 's a divisive figure and he is exactly what europe does n't need right now . 
  from my understanding , there was not an actual popular vote , but a government one , right ? 
  also , can you tell us what does steinmeier actually mean for germany and for europe , like his political positions and if he 's popular or influential in germany ? 
  they would n't be destroying themselves . 
  their immigration rules are still pretty strict and they would actually be rewarding people who are part of the society and embraced swiss culture , since they would be granting citizenship to third generation immigrants . 
  most of the times second generation immigrants already embraced the culture of the new country , so this policy would n't destroy `` switzerland 's culture '' . 
  i love this comment . 
  i kind of shock by it , but i have to agree . 
  russia and the us have all the monopoly of it and there is no mad deterrent if they are in the same side . 
  if the us and russia are not willing to disarm , i 'm really sad to say , europe might have to consider going nuclear . 
  i think it 's quite likely the eu might cease to exist . 
  there are immense pressures right now , from the inside ( backlash against refugees , disappointment with the eu politics ... ) and from the outside ( trump 's us , russia , turkey and the uk ) . 
  if we pass 2017 , i think we will be in a bit better shape , but the eu needs to send a strong answer that it will fight for the europeans . 
  i would care a lot . 
  i think the eu needs a major political reform , i would like a closer union . 
  yes and no . 
  i usually do n't wear shoes in my own home , just because of confort , but we have no problem wearing shoes inside . 
  in fact , it 's even strange if you go to someone 's house and start taking your shoes . 
  regarding sleeping , i do n't think any european sleeps with their shoes on . 
  i learnt english and had three years of french ( ca n't speak anymore , but i can still easily read it ) . 
  students often have spanish instead of french . 
  english is taught from very early age . 
  i do n't feel european before portuguese , but i consider myself an european citizen and i 'm proud of that . 
  i quite like the idea of being an european citizen and not only portuguese . 
  well , with trump in the us , the warming of us-russia ties at expense of europe , the attacks from the uk and turkey we are seeing nato becoming more and more irrelevant . 
  at this point , a common army that would insure our common defense would be more effective that relying on nato for it . 
  this is actually quite a good one . 
  no way !, 
  good . 
  can we get a nice leader now ? 
  someone who actually unites europe instead of favoring some countries at the others expense ? 
  it would be nice . 
  it will . 
  english will still basically be the lingua franca of europe . 
  do n't expect french or german to replace it , even with brexit . 
  fact : you did n't get the joke . 
  i thought it was a way to escape the sound toll , but thanks for the info . 
  this was suppose to be a joke about the missing denmark , though . 
  we must be really important . 
  that or you just love us . 
  what 's a denmark ? 
  what missing country ? 
  wait a second , do n't go . 
  i need to grab a camera . 
  i still do n't understand why the german wasted money constructing the kiel canal , when they could easily go around . 
  i think you 've buffed our empire a little bit . 
  also , prussia and germany ? 
  denmark does n't own jutland and his the lidge of norway ( or the other way around ) . 
  this is some eu4 map painting skills . 
  subsequent rulers did n't hold that claim and it was lost in time . 
  it makes sense it in the border , i guess , but that was not the joke . 
  i was simply talking about the small gap that appears to exist between the two areas which seems to include warsaw , thus warsaw has no category . 
  i 'm a bit confused about your comment . 
  are genuinely asking or implying i 'm wrong ? 
  i 'm feeling picky , so ... poor ~ ~ kaliningrad ~ ~ k\u00f6nigsberg , does n't belong nowhere . 
  also , i see you 've included most of east thrace , but excluded ~ ~ istanbul ~ ~ ~ ~ constantinople ~ ~ byzantium . 
  also there 's some good chance warsaw has no category . 
  * many many years ago , when persia came ashore *, 
  oh , right . 
  also , relevant username ? 
  there 's no such thing as too much eu4 . 
  but seriously , that game gave me a lot of insight into several medieval political structures i never thought it existed in that timeframe . 
   ** article 6 **  for the purpose of article 5 , an armed attack on one or more of the parties is deemed to include an armed attack :   on the territory of any of the parties in europe or north america , on the algerian departments of france , on the territory of or on the islands under the jurisdiction of any of the parties in the north atlantic area north of the tropic of cancer ; on the forces , vessels , or aircraft of any of the parties , when in or over these territories or any other area in europe in which occupation forces of any of the parties were stationed on the date when the treaty entered into force or the mediterranean sea or the north atlantic area north of the tropic of cancer . 
  source : [ wikisource ] ( https://en.wikisource.org/wiki/north_atlantic_treaty#article_6 ), 
  interesting question . 
  i would like to see a modern nation working with an ancient greece model or a merchant federation hansa style . 
  like a loose alliance of self governing cities with preferably a focus on direct democracy . 
  it would be interesting to know if they would be able and how well they would fare with the modern politics and economics . 
  scandinavia or benelux would be in a better track for a federation test than france and germany . 
  water ? 
  why would this subreddit even care ?
