   portugal faces severe fires every year i think this is the point . 
  if we suffer fires every year , why not invest more in prevention . 
  this was a disaster bound to happen . 
  last year we saw wildfires were getting worst , yet we are n't seeing much effort to combat it . 
  and i disagree , if there is a time to criticize and change our policy is now . 
  portugal always starts working after disaster ( e.g. 
  : demolition of cliffs after the disaster in albufeira ) . 
  if we owe something to these people is that we change and do n't make the same mistakes of the past , instead of sharing our condolences and hope in the future it wo n't happen to their children , too . 
  i would like to point out that this terrible fires are not only due to higher temperatures but also a really poor forest policy . 
  the lack of cleaning efforts and a planned reforestation help a lot . 
  for example , after a fire , a region is often reforested with eucalyptus instead of local trees . 
  this is a terrible problem because , despite the eucalyptus quick growth and economic value , it often burns at lower temperatures than other types of trees . 
  i do n't disagree climate change will affect us terribly , but a stronger forest policy would help prevent a lot of fires , or at the very least , mitigate them so that they are more easily controlled and extinguished . 
  cabbage, 
  why are you bothering me , bot ? 
  it was a only a quote . 
  go bother that fellow over there . 
  he 's the one to be blamed !, 
   i did n't , but after noticing several hours later that i had been heavily downvoted i guessed it needed further explanation . 
  yeah , that is a shame . 
  it the problem of reddit . 
  people use the downvote button as a disagree button . 
   we have a strong rehab system . 
  and unlike many european countries , including norway , we actually keep track of how many inmates are black , how likely blacks are to be unemployed or in poverty , the achievement gap in education between blacks and whites , etc. 
  we track those things because we care . 
  this does n't prove you have a strong rehab system . 
  as far as we know , it you could only keep track of that for racial profiling . 
  is there any example where that data actually is used address the problem and , if so , did it return positive results ? 
   our prisons are n't like norway 's ( and neither are canada 's , or anyone else 's ) but that 's not the reason for our crime . 
  but what explains the huge recidivist if you have a strong rehab system ? 
  if it was actually strong , the number should be way lower . 
  besides , what is exactly the reason for your crime then ? 
   but if you make a claim then it takes a source for me to believe it [ there are several studies about that ] ( http://news.wisc.edu/study-finds-private-prisons-keep-inmates-longer-without-reducing-future-crime/ ) . 
   and if you are claiming that it ca n't be done then its gon na take alot more than that . 
   what i am questioning was your assumption that there is no right way in using private prisons . 
  i 'm not trying to convince you of anything . 
  i 'm a bit skeptical that they work , i admit , but that was never my point . 
  private prisions present worse results than public prisions . 
  if you want to prove otherwise , show me one that works . 
  in paper even communism is perfect . 
  i 'm simply being pragmatic here . 
  we 've never saw one that works . 
   but since you argued yourself that it could be done in a right way , then we both agree . 
  there are more to it than that . 
  which makes me question if they actually are able to provide a better or cheaper service than the state in this case . 
  but like i 've said , if there is no real example that it might work and be enlarged to a national or state level , i will remain skeptical . 
  we 've being seeing a lot of this type of post lately , have n't we ? 
  i wonder why suddenly a lot of what are usually americans confused about the eu come to ask question about the eu . 
  should we make an afaq ? 
  yes , there are no private prisions that actually rehabilitate prisoners . 
  i 'm not wrong you know . 
  just because you dislike the way i phrase it , does n't mean i am . 
  and you are only empowering my criticism that not enough efforts are being put in the us . 
  my point was that a strong rehabilitation system prevents crime , as the people are able to get back into the society with a stable life . 
  in the us , people often struggle to get a job after serving their time , eventually falling into the circle of crime and going back to prison . 
  i do n't think you 'd disagree that a strong rehab system in the us would lead to a decrease in crime and the prisional population , thus the two have a connection . 
  it applies in norway and in the us , despite norway having an easier ride on it . 
  that shows in the numbers when recidivism in norway is [ around 20 % ] ( http://www.salve.edu/sites/default/files/filesfield/documents/incarceration_and_recidivism.pdf ) and in the us is now [ around 70 % ] ( http://www.cbsnews.com/news/once-a-criminal-always-a-criminal/ ) . 
  second , i would like to point out that your point was not obvious at all , since you only gave gun homicides as an example , while the prisional population in the us is explained by a lot of other factors , including minor crimes . 
  if you wanted to state how the driven factors for crime are different in the us , you should have stated the different between what constitutes a crime , for example . 
  ps : i though you did n't want to argue this any longer . 
  i do n't see how your point invalidates mine or is even adds anything to mine , though , as you seem to be in agreement to everything i 've said . 
  no they will not . 
  private hospitals will lose costumers if they do n't make their costumers healthy . 
  if they make them healthy they will eventually fall sick again and come back , while if they die , they do n't . 
  of course you may argue that private hospitals might have an interest in prolongue one disease as long as possible to milk money , but that is another story . 
  regarding diet companies , they kind have a huge pool to work with and even if they do n't , their success is measured based on their results . 
  if their diet plans do n't work , they loose the business , something that it is not applied in private prisons . 
  if private prisons were payed based on their success to rehabilitate prisoners instead of being payed per capita , most likely we would see the system work a bit better . 
  the state is not only buying a place to put their prisoners because they could just rent the space . 
  often it is quite the opposite that happens . 
  the state has the space ( it might not if it is fully private ) and it contracts a company to manage the prison for them , including the rehab process , but they are not payed based on the expected results . 
  conditions are often worse in private prisons , too . 
  what ? 
  i 've gave you an example , that by the way is stated in the article , to justify how the norwegian system is a successful one and you 've showed me a map gun homicides in the us ? 
  how am i the one comparing apples to oranges ? 
  with private prisons which will lost ` costumers ' and revenue if they actually rehabilitate prisoners . 
  it is not really true , as many felons are reincident . 
  a successful prison system focus on rehabilitation and reintegration in the society , thus reducing the prisonal population . 
  if they do n't have prisoners , how is that a successful system ? 
  really expensive and not feasible to foreigners anymore due to brexit . 
  they certainly are universities with enormous reputation but going there , if you have the grades to it , is a huge gamble at the moment . 
  how can you have so strong feelings towards the eu , yet do n't know basic things like this ? 
  it makes me question if your feelings are actually based on facts . 
  yet the most powerful nation of the hre was austria . 
   i also thought so , until i met danes ** on the internet ** . 
  are n't you bitching about this sub instead of criticizing it ? 
  at least provide some examples ... 
  i do n't think any sane european disagrees the us is still in the lead regarding innovation . 
  criticism of the us pretty much never is about that . 
  it is not an unique case , though , just the biggest one . 
  apparently france does n't recognize the symbols . 
  i wonder if someone cleans the floor in the center . 
  i just would like to mention that he was of portuguese descendancy . 
  just another example of how we shoot ourselves in the foot by imposing the inquisition . 
  it has being a alliance with ups and downs . 
  england protected our independence several times and we did n't let them down when they needed ( like defying the continental blockade , for example ) , but there were times were our relationship seemed more like a protectorate-overlord relationship . 
  mostly on later times when britain was the prime player in the world stage . 
  almost immediately after help us against the napoleon troops , the british took over a big chunk of our economy . 
  relations were also in the gut after the pink map , which eventually led to the regicide and implementation of the republic .
