  also if police stops them on the way to operation ( but i assume the suicide west is hard to hide from police ) . 
  ok , man , whatever , if it makes you feel better , we can say he was italian . 
  he should have added in last 100 years , but it is a progress . 
  his mothers name is pure slavic name , his brothers and sisters names as well . 
  for the last part i agree , that is why i said serbian by origin , not by other criteria . 
  although his father is burried in a serbian orthodox monastery because he donated a lot of wealth to it . 
  he changed religions frequently , which says he was a skilled diplomat . 
  because historical documents written by his father in serbian language exist . 
  yes , there is a serbian version of his name djordje or jovan . 
  i will assume you are still an immature kid because of the last sentence , because really such level of discussion only teenagers can use ( not all of them , of course ) . 
  the first step is finding the masterminds . 
  but i agree that there is a much deeper cause . 
  oh , the image of that wounded person lying with its cell phone is haunting . 
  i hope he/she survived . 
  they are using archive.org for that ? 
  why do you think i am nationalist if i sad that ? 
  i just read it from history . 
  all of his brothers and sisters and his mother had slavic names , not to mention his father spoke serbian fluently and is burried in orthodox monastery . 
  i dont understand why it is such a big deal for you . 
  serbians ( and many other nations as well ) have in their history lots of important people who were not serbs by origin . 
  genes are not that important , i simply consider it an interesting fact . 
  and he was a serb by origin . 
  turkey deserves to be in eu because it is not worse than other balkan countries . 
  they could even become more modernized . 
  as i already said , once truth has been told , and ordinary innocent serbs are able to live in kosovo like normal people , and are able to go by foot to visit their churches , old homes and cemeteries , and their rights as one of the people who lived there for centuries are respected we can talk about indepence . 
  honestly , if that ever happens in the future , nobody would care if you are independent or not . 
  you were not always a majority , but that still doesnt matter . 
  usa , for example , has to respect rights of indians who are now minority and once were the majority . 
  they have special status . 
  plus , being a majority is not enough reason to give you independence . 
  other factors are important as well . 
  why would we play the numbers game ? 
  each civilian death is a tragedy . 
  we acknowledged that the crimes have been done , while you didnt . 
  i think you have a distorted view , yes many serbs sold their homes ( many were forced to sell them , but that is another story ) , but the ones who didnt are not able to return . 
  plus , whenever people go with busses to visit cemeteries stones are being thrown at them . 
  i mean they did nothing wrong , just want to visit a cemetery . 
  many of our generals are tried in the hague tribunal , while nobody of your got convicted , actually they are still practicing politics . 
  it is not true that serbs are allowed to return , a handful of them returned and they are still discriminated , shot at and mollested . 
  i dont understand why so much hate , it is just the normal people who want to return to their homes . 
  no normal country would forget the suffering of its citizens , jeeze , without at least an apology . 
  we cant pretend like nothing ever happened , sorry . 
  i do hope we make peace some day , but truth has to be told . 
  because you dont deserve that . 
  when all the serbs are allowed to return and their property returned back , and all the terrorist in jail , and when serbs are free to visit their cemetieris , nobody normal would hurt your prosperity . 
  at least some good news . 
  sad that so many countries voted for . 
  i hope she is fine . 
  poor woman . 
  how awful . 
  in serbia and i assume romania as well there are lots of fund cuts in the sector for social help and aid , so that is the reason as well . 
  the country is poor to enforce education , give them basic help etc , unfortunately . 
  we have ministers with fake diplomas too , but sadly , they wont resign . 
  go to vk.com , their social network . 
  jeeze , this is becoming such a mess . 
  come on , guys , it is not true that europe 's glory ended with rome . 
  just think of all the scientists and researchers europe gave to the world in last centuries . 
  but it started with the fall of constantinople in 1453 . 
  major trade routes got disconnected causing columbo to search for new ones . 
  what other choice do they have ? 
  donald trump is not dumb as he sounds . 
  his behaviour is just a carefully planned marketing ploy . 
  if capital is allowed to move from country to country without limits , people should be too . 
  predecessors of isis, 
  well , they were n't in albania . 
  well , yes , whenever a country plans to get indendence or merge with some other countries or convert to republic , dictatorship , whatever , they have to get international recognition . 
  that is especially the case for small troublesome countries which are in between big countries sphere 's of influence . 
  austro-hungary could have invaded us easily ( they finaly did that 30 years later ) as we were the only one with domestic rulers around and constanly making problems , giving other nations a bad example of national independence . 
  luckily , turkey was too weak , and russia , well , they were always around . 
  probably that is when big forces russia , turkey and austro-hungary finaly gave us green light to upgrade from knjaz to king , which we saw as one more step to real independence . 
   we were in half-independent status until balkan wars in 1900s mostly strained between weak turkey and strong austro-hungary , but russia wanted to be there as well . 
  technically , as soon as we gained independence from turks , we had kings , we just didnt use that word . 
  it was knjaz , knez and other slavic words . 
  all of them came from two families which started the uprising against turks , obrenovic and karadjordevics . 
  it is not weird at all . 
  cant expect much from population who were living in dark ages for 5 centuries , being illiterate etc. . . 
  if only it is that easy . 
  farewell , christians . 
  it was a good run . 
  serbia is the same , we even lack doctors as everybody left for eu , medicine , basic stuff for blood analysis ... 
  in communism things have been much better . 
  we are using what we have built then , until that gets ruined , and we return to middle ages . 
  oh , i do n't know . 
  these are terrifying . 
  sad that there is a need for such weapons to exist at all . 
  he shouldnt have become that then . 
  quota is a good idea . 
  what i hate most when i am travelling somewhere , and want to hear some good local music , everybody plays the same english pop songs i have already heard in serbia . 
  sad . 
  i cant wrap my mind about this . 
  killing somebody for having a different opinion is now ok ? 
  in europe ? 
  is the language being used ? 
  russian is more softer , i would say . 
  romania and serbia always had opposing views toward global world forces , but not toward each other . 
  which is certainly indeed interesting . 
  you did help us when we were under sanctions , your borders were excellent for smuggling food , gas and so . 
  i think we will never let go of anti-american sentiments , because of the kosovo . 
  and romania, 
  we are in peace with one half of bosnia .
