  but for some reason putin is not interested in us . 
  at least not yet . 
  well , cultural reasons mostly . 
  we are so poor , that we do n't expect much economically . 
  why do you think it is nuts ? 
  i do n't agree . 
  russians are cool people , mentality similar to ours and russia is a country full with resources . 
  neoliberal economic policies ruined a lot though , but still i do n't understand why it would be so nuts ? 
  voting is only an illusion of choice . 
  there is nobody good to vote for , when already established groups have taken over the media , and public institutions . 
  everybody is disillusioned here with politicians . 
  real democracy exist nowhere ( well , maybe in switzerland ... ) . 
  also , if eu is ready to give money to corrupt system , and knows that money is spent into nothing , one has to wonder why they are doing it ? 
  especially because that money get sent back to eu 's companies getting their work here . 
  eu and its companies simply need countries to use as a supply of cheap resources , that is another form of economic colonization ( something similar happens in africa read here : http://www.spiegel.de/international/spiegel/0,1518,363663,00.html ) . 
  that is why they advice us to slash all our social services ( unemployment , education and such ... ) while at same time , those services are existing in their own countries . 
  that is not good intention as you say . 
  it is in your good interest , i agree , but it just puts us in dependent position never being able to develop ( i suggest reading of joseph stiglitz books to learn more ) i would n't say that romanians are doing good , some of them are even coming to work in serbia for low pay . 
  just go there and ask them . 
  bulgaria is the same . 
  because we have european experts visiting us every day and advising how we should change our economy to suit them ( allowing strangers to buy our land for example , even if no other country allowed it so fast like they force us to do . . ) . 
  also they are lobbying for eu companies to get all jobs here ( building and construction ) which our politicians all accept and get huge bonuses for that . 
  eu ngo 's are sending us huge amounts of money which just gets into hands of corrupt politicians , without really helping ordinary people , which further encourages corruption . 
  we need to focus instead on other nearby markets , because it is obvious that we wo n't get into eu soon ( or never ) , and if we do we wo n't get what we were promised ( like romania and bulgaria did n't ) . 
  eu advised us how we should privatize former state companies , and whole process was so corrupt that all those companies now do n't work , and are closed . 
  they should let us alone to deal with our problems , the only way we can face them . 
  and answer to first question , all our politicians are pro-eu and talking about joining eu on tv , praising it like some kind of religion and the only solution to all of our problems ( probably financed by eu . ) . 
  ordinary people do n't think that , and will probably reject it on referendum . 
  it is not invited , but most of the people here would like it so journalists are just searching for attention like they always do . 
  why are they closing it ? 
  and why are workers protesting ? 
  ca n't they find other jobs in area or ... ? 
  the reason was n't that they mind somebody walking through belgrade streets , they just did n't want to look at violence on the street , we have had too much of it already . 
  agreed , that is why he is n't right . 
  most of the people in serbia really were n't opposed to the parade even though they are not pro-gay or something ( which is normal given that we are still a lot conservative ) ordinary people were completely indifferent ( they have other more serious problems to think of ) , but the thought of having to look fighting of extremists and police in the center of belgrade was too much , especially because media was just fueling stuff further more . . 
  poverty and anger ... those are the main reasons . . 
  we do realize but they do n't let us to choose . 
  option number two is better than option number 1 , everyone would agree . 
  well they have quality products ... my roommate has a phone from nokia which is ten years old and working ... they are just not into fancy shiny technologies like apple . . 
  depends how you watch at eu , is it a union of countries which helps other countries to enter and grow , or union of countries where only good behaving and chosen one can enter . 
  i guess a little bit of both . 
  among people yes , significantly , among politicians no ( not yet at least ) . 
  first reason is that eu forces us to copy paste laws here without public debate , living ordinary people confused with changes , and skeptic . 
  second reason is that they see how romania and bulgaria are n't benefiting from entering eu . 
  third reason is kosovo ( eu forcing us to recognize it before entering eu ) . 
  forth reason is that eu donation money ( which is huge ) always ends up in the hands of corrupted institutions ( people see no benefit from it ) . there is a huge anti eu rise now . 
  it can only change if croatia starts flourishing economically because of eu , but doubt it ... 
  if it happens , i would call it the end . 
  it is also questionable if joining will ever pass the referendum . 
  revenge for what ? 
  chances of serbia joining are extremely low . 
  probably not gon na happen . 
  why they say that he can be in power till 2024 ? 
  presidential term is 12 years long ? 
  you should have linked to original post . 
  http://theeconomiccollapseblog.com/archives/20-signs-of-imminent-financial-collapse-in-europe anyway , this is really becoming interesting with greece . 
  one day the costs of staying together might get higher than the cost of leaving each other ... 
  if it was possible at kosovo , why not belgium ? 
  wow . . it is pretty harsh in that case ... going away from a group does n't even happen in the balkans . 
  but why ? 
  well , at least other journalists know what to expect now ... 
  well , it is not only cultural acceptance , but if you do n't agree to pay corruption you are a fool , because somebody else will . 
  for example , i refused to pay bribe to policeman for a certain traffic event , so i had to pay full fine to the state instead . 
  and it really hurt me because i do n't have money , and i had to borrow it . 
  all of my friends were : `` you are crazy , that policemen would not stop behaving like he does , because there are poor people who would pay him all the time , and you gave your money to corrupt government which is even worse . . '' . 
  problem in corruption is fed on poverty , people do n't have a choice , it is the only way to do something . 
  looking at it as punishment , and that one needs to learn on hard way is wrong . 
  because nobody will ever learn if they stay poor and ca n't afford to fight it . 
  i do n't think it will change anything . 
  the problem is institutions , and most important poverty not people . 
  people are they same if they come from romania or eu ... 
  so , who do i have to pay to get into police ? 
  do n't underestimate other leaders ... 
  why would you say the confidence fell ? 
  well , they surely did n't bomb it for nothing, 
  i think you already asked me for a this source once ? 
  or maybe it was somebody else from croatia . 
  here you have i the most bloody events in detail are described here . 
  these targets were not military , and were not on kosovo , so they were doing it only to scare people so that milosevic surrender , using scare tactics is in other words called terrorism : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/civilian_casualties_during_operation_allied_force, 
  this is not true . 
  first serbia is far from a success story , and second overthrow of milosevic was not done by nato , it was done by people on elections . 
  how can somebody think that bombing and killing people will make them change their mind who to vote for ? 
  nobody likes nato in serbia , nato killed 4 times more innocent civilians than soldiers with their bombs . 
  not to mention infrastructure damage . 
  speculators effect only lasts for couple of days , and they can be fought with introducing at first a fixed exchange rate ( probably fixed to gold ) temporary . 
  tighter integration of economic policies means losing country sovereignty and eurobonds means transfer of risk from fiscally irresponsible countries to those who are responsible . 
  why ? 
  our police minister says that crotian helicopter are transfering albanians to the border point . 
  ( they ca n't go via land because of road blockades ) that is why they fired at helicopers . 
  second sentence none of it , i was only there temporary . 
  first sentence , most of it yes . 
  why ? 
  couple of months only in usa and germany . 
  why ? 
  but have in mind i am from one of those countries people immigrate from . 
  what do you want so say with this links ? 
  i am sorry , but i do n't understand ? 
  why would some people take less to integrate and some more ? 
  if they educate their own citizens why not educate the rest ones ? 
  and why the country where they go does n't provide them with education or encourage them to become ` urban ' ?
