  well , given that everyone is immigrating from balkans , it will soon disappear . 
  population is shrinking in all countries already . 
  how many of them get asylum ? 
  yes , but is the respect for human rights ( and lives ) something one can learn from lectures in school ? 
  eu bureaucracy does remind on soviet union . 
  why trying to reach for eu average ? 
  why we dont aim even higher ? 
  like suicide rate in japan . 
  well , i am sure that dayton negotiators and bill clinton were all like , : `` serbs murdered people , cool , enough reason to give them local independence '' . 
  well , ratko mladic was commanding an army , and that army , like all other armies , has been used to attack enemies and defend your own side , so yes , his army did save some serbian villages from getting slaughered , and for those people he is a hero . 
  calling him a hero for some other reasons , like srebrenica , is a lunacy . 
  well , the organizers invited him . 
  and where exactly are croats and bosniaks prevented from returning back ? 
  yes , there was nationalism on all sides in 90-s , but it was fueled with media propaganda , plus people who lost their own were understandably angry and themselves turned to hate . 
  now , actually , there is no nationalism on tv , historic books are being revised , no right wing part has a seat in serbian parliament ( unlike many other eu countries ) . 
  i mean you can say it is a mask , but i live here , and believe me , people are fed up with masking their problem with nationalism , they are worried about their unemployment and pensions and similar . 
  as for the gavrilo princip and young bosnia , that was not serbian nationalism but yugoslav nationalism . 
  he was young and deluded , in an organization which contained not only serbs , but croats and bosniaks , it was an independence movement , back when south slavs still had some tendencies to work together , which is no longer possible , unfortunately . 
  serbian nationalism exists , of course , and there were tendencies for inviting all serbs to live under one country , but honestly that is typical for balkans . 
  there are fractions who support that in romania , hungary , albania , bosnia and bulgaria , i mean whole balkans is a mess . 
  it existed in other european countries in 19 . centuries , we are here a bit late . 
  as for crimes serbian army commited in montenegro and elsewhere , i dont doubt it , there were lots of crime all over the balkans in many wars . 
  it is hard to even count it all . 
  winston churchill himself said that balkans has more history than they are able to consume , but do you clame that it is not mentioned in historic books here in serbia ? 
  is somebody denying it ? 
  what was it called ? 
  i mean , we just recently started even to bring monuments dedicated to killed germans in vojvodina , for which communists wanted to erase all trace . 
  i assure you that with all digital devices and informations and so we are not in such stage in history where things can be forgoten just because one nation wants so . 
  serbs have watched horror of their deeds for multiple times , truth is out there , and all of the quilty ones have been arrested and accused . 
  that is a great message for future generations , that guilty ones will get punished . 
  how can you say fake history , when nobody can deny that all of the perpetrators are now convicted and accused for war crimes by an international court ? 
  serbian courts have done that as well . 
  and nobody is denying that srebrenice didnt happen ? 
  i assure you that there are lot of national minorities of all religions in serbia who live normally for centuries , i am one such minority , actually . 
  it is simply not true that serbs practice genocide and rape ( ? ), 
  wherever they go , actually this is the first accusation in history . 
  serbs want secession just because of people like you , who are preparing for one more war and who want to put them in camps to reeducate them ( by force , as i understand you ??? ) . 
  cant blame them from being scared . 
  i mean it is their right , and it would be a good way for you to get rid of them , if you hate them that much . 
  sorry , but both germans and serbs were led astray by their leaders and propaganda . 
  can you exactly explain how that process of `` correcting '' german mentality happened under occupation by foreign forces , because i have never heard of it ? 
  i would n't mind it though , we would be the richest and everybody would come to work for us . 
  you are too full of hatred and that is sad . 
  plus , you want to implement hitler methods on other people . 
  you think their gdp will rise ? 
  just saw on guardian live tread that it seems the odds are now higher for them to exit . 
  hopefully not . 
  woo-hoo , a new one , we are discussing it so hard , it is hard to keep up with everything . 
  - a new term ? 
  this is really a good analysis . 
  but he is right , with the threshold you describe what they use is a specific countries income , and income in luxembourg is much larger than romania , i would rather look at this as a measure of inequality . 
  i am talking about health insurance , unemployment benefits , social help , public education ... . 
  i am not sure though how much of this has been removed though , but without it poverty increases . 
  unemployment is also important . 
  it is much higher in greece , meaning that pensioners and workers have to support their kids and grandkids who cant find jobs . 
  plus , i read that their social security has significantly lowered in last 5 years , not sure of the exact level . 
  whatever happens ( and i wish greeks all the best ) , this is a historical event really . 
  well , seems that the margin is pretty close , which is not that good . 
  you have here multiple sources http://www.theguardian.com/business/live/2015/jul/05/greeces-eurozone-future-in-the-balance-as-referendum-gets-under-way--eu-euro-bailout-live, 
  oh , my bad . 
  https://youtu.be/2zapuo_0x-y?t=23 https://youtu.be/2zapuo_0x-y?t=149 https://youtu.be/2zapuo_0x-y?t=261 here are direct links to interviews with them , to avoid untranslated serbian talk, 
  hehe , they just ca n't help it to show how they dislike this referendum . 
  it is not like he won over 50 % of votes , he won something like 30 % i think , so he really has no mandate to decide on such important issues by himself . 
  that is why referendums exist . 
  yes , it is possible , maybe it was just a mistake who they took in into euro , but i am sure that some countries like slovenia are trembling now . 
  probably there will be nothing in short term , but in long term as other countries realize they might arrive into same situation , it will definitely hurt . 
  euro is no longer seen as a way to have healthy economy , like it was at the beginning of eu . 
  they have more debt than before ? 
  and eu is going to discuss the proposal , it did n't turn it out immediately http://www.theguardian.com/business/live/2015/jun/30/greek-debt-crisis-day-of-decision-for-tsipras#block-5592a8b5e4b055829a0c6e9d so this looks like `` positive '' ? 
  where was i talking about serbia ? 
  i was talking about impossibility to be sure what the future will hold for anybody . 
  of course , you should n't be like serbia , i mad man will recommend you something like that . 
  as i said , you never know , we ca n't predict the future ( almost nobody predicted to financial crisis , for example , especially the so called `` experts '' ) , all what is certain that every action has a consequence . 
  for now ... you never know what the future will be . 
  government will need to include some rationing , theoretically , nobody will be hungry . 
  politicians never suffer , that is the rule everywhere . 
  beside that , they need a better economy , they import more than they export , more small businesses and so . 
  i know it is easier said than done . 
  maybe the emotions overpowered him , but he is not in a position to afford that . 
  you ca n't blame people for wanting to have better lives . 
  eu was supposed to bring greater standard for everyone . 
  i would blame politicians really . 
  i am not sure was he acting trying to scare people off to vote yes , or he really believed what he was saying . 
  he made himself look like a totaly innocent person wanting only the best for greek people . 
  and he put all the blame on greece 's government . 
  the part where he talked about investment and growth was ridiculous though , when we see there is no growth and no money for investment . 
  in denmark there is job for people who want to work ( even if they are over 60 years old ) , and a good health insurance for people who are sick . 
  it would be so great if it were per week , but ... 
  it is very nice that the neighbors helped them . 
  i do n't know about those specific taxes , but i am talking about overal tax burden . 
  well , actually that behavior is in line with economic theory , when taxes are too high , tax income drops significantly . 
  i have found this http://www.greeknewsonline.com/rental-rooms-occupancy-rates-down-up-to-50/, 
  businesses fight for each potential customer . 
  competition is high , and nobody can be picky who is good customer , who is not . 
  yeah , it is possible that everybody is now making treats to ensure better bargaining position , or trying to scare greeks away so that they would vote yes . 
  this is so morbid . 
  he was either mentally ill or i dont know , beyond my comprehension . 
  well , with exact arguments you use for greeks , you can say that eu citizens voted for the bireaucracts who made some very bad loans to somebody who obviosly didnt deserve it , so it is their fault . 
  look at this graph to see how recovery has happend http://krugman.blogs.nytimes.com/2015/06/25/breaking-greece/?_r=0 , everyone was wrong in this situation . 
  they made a bad investment .
