bosnia and romania, 
  well , i dont see they are much active , or popular . 
  imo , with these views it is always best to beat them with evidence and common sense , not suppress them , as that can only fuel their popularity . 
  wow , it is almost the same . 
  why ? 
  well , she is completely right . 
  that is how democracy works . 
  once you elect leaders , they have the say . 
  maybe it is similar like in serbia , at the beginning the competition was very harsh , speed excellent and customer sevice amazing . 
  now these surviving isps created some kind of an oligopoly or something , made people hard to switch and service quality is deteriorating day by day , so even if it seems there is competition , there isnt . 
  thanks for submission . 
  even if somebody disagrees with somebody 's way of life or whatever you call it , it is not a reason to murder them . 
  you can check http://www.reddit.com/r/balkanmusic/ if you are interested in music from balkans , 
  democracy at its finest . 
  come on , do n't behave so childish . 
  why ? 
  is the pay better or ? 
  that help almost always ends up in wrong hands or in some pointless projects . 
  some new approach is needed . 
  those people are risking their lives in a search for a better life for them and their family . 
  they know it and they are ready to risk , so what ever you do to them wont deter them , unless you remove the main reason this is happening , and that is awful economic and social conditions in their home countries . 
  here is some nice news for the change . 
  in belgrade i love fast food place called tel aviv hummus house . 
  it is in the center of the city . 
  excellent food . 
  also , when you come to belgrade you must try our own fast food called pljeskavica . 
  fast food pancakes are also delicious . 
  oh , yes and burek as well , forgot about it . 
  all of them are found everywhere . 
  to spread peace around the world . 
  this is so good . 
  so is it still banned ? 
  i would say that for serbia that is pretty good . 
  we started developing a lot later . 
  basically our last war ended 15 years ago , and in 2000 we started transition into capitalism ( later than everyone else ) . 
  estonia had 10 years more than us ( plus no wars and economic sanctions ) to develop . 
  lots of serbian kids are blond as well , but later they turn darker . 
  it is funny when looking at somebody 's childhood pics . 
  but that was n't an official election poster , just an image circulating social media . 
  personally , i am against it . 
  why and how ? 
  how can you force somebody to love something ? 
  eu has some blackmailing power now , but once we enter ( if we enter ) , there is nothing they can do . 
  and btw having politicians who do n't represent view of the people is not democracy . 
  that does n't mean that some people will stop loving '' ` mother russia '' . 
  vladimir putin is an honor member of couple of serbian cities , and none of russian cities . 
  in serbia we have a saying , `` if you enter you will regret , if you dont enter you will regret '' . 
  what ever serbia choses in short term ( for example eu ) , the other side ( numerous serbian pro-russians ) will cause problems in long term , as the country is pretty split up , and historical ties cant be broken even in 50 years from now . 
  so it is better not to stir things up . 
  i would say that literal translation of fakaturi is spells ( in vlach ) . 
  and vlachs of serbia are a separate entity closely related to romanians , but to serbs as well . 
  there are lots of discussions of their true origin ( biased and unbiased ) , so it is hard to say . 
  most of them now ideintify as serbs . 
  the most relevant theory is that they are a group of people who escaped from wallachia and surounding regions to serbia sometime after 1800 ( which got freedom from turks ) , and there they became free citizens comparing to being servants on romanian and austrohungary properties , but this is not certain . 
  some claim that they were members of ancient serbia as well . . so it is not sure . 
  it is not magic in that sense . 
  it is a remnant of old religion . 
  vlach religion is sometimes regarded as the last practicing pagan religion in europe . 
  some of our etnologists think that it was practiced by dacians and survived rome , christianity and turks . 
  serbian orthodox church never tried to stop it , unlike i assume romanian orthodox church , so it just flurished here , while in romania it got forgotten . 
  yes , but this view is somehow twisted . 
  it means that genes determine what we should think and support , and not what is really right or wrong . 
  nobody was preventing him to learn more about common jewish people and their suffering before finding out about his jewish origin . 
  well , you have the full transcript of what he said on kosovo here http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/transcript-president-obama-gives-speech-addressing-europe-russia-on-march-26/2014/03/26/07ae80ae-b503-11e3-b899-20667de76985_story.html so you can see for yourself . 
  as for georgia , there is also here http://www.cbsnews.com/videos/obama-no-immediate-plans-to-bring-ukraine-georgia-into-nato/ . 
  and what is the situation like now in poland , in your opinion ? 
  why did blair want that ? 
  interesting thing is that the pilot ( who survived ) and the guy who shot the plane ( ethnic hungarian btw ) met in person couple of years ago . 
  they did bomb residential neighborhoods of cities nis and aleksinac . 
  yeah , kosovo war started in 1998 , but some free military would roam around miles away in 1999 . just doing nothing in the middle of the war . 
  lets kill people to show them that killing people is bad . 
  here is th full article http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/civilian_casualties_during_operation_allied_force, 
  i still dont understand why they took away bridges in novi sad when it is so far away from kosovo . 
  serbian army wouldnt keep the military miles away from the conflict zone . 
  also , nato used cluster bombs and dropped them in the middle of the one of the biggest city in serbia . 
  completely unecessary , and it is clearly was not meant for military but as an act against civilan population as that is the definition of cluster munition ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cluster_munition ) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cluster_bombing_of_ni%c5%a1 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jrvnpyfdag8 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/civilian_casualties_during_operation_allied_force, 
  no , this isnt them . 
  this one still talked on romanian language , lived in ukraine in pretty poor conditions . 
  if i find documentary , i will send it to you . 
  arent there some more romanian speaking people in ukraine , who call themselves walachs , vlachs , something like that ? 
  i recall watching a documentary on them , but ca n't find it now . 
  well , sometimes a lunatic gets hold of the power , and he can launch nuclear weapons . 
  and we have had many mad people in history of war . 
  you never know . 
  yes , i agree with you . 
  many researchers are experimenting with it now . 
  i suggest reading ann macintosh work on e-participation . 
  but anyhow , women were treated very awful back then . 
  they were n't allowed to get out without a male companion and they had to be covered as well . 
  period before the balkans wars , as it was the only period i cant think of when there were no wars here . 
  only in the case if you are a male and not a slave . 
  women were treated pretty badly in those days . 
  yes , it got confirmed here http://rt.com/news/estonia-confirm-leaked-tape-970/, 
  i assume that opposition leaders are as corrupt as he is . 
  i am just saying what i heard first hand from friends . 
  those foreigners from novi sad didnt ' have their own business . 
  they belonged to a christian sect financed from abroad , which tried every year to recruit youngster on exit festival . 
  i know because two of my friends got recruited out of a joke . 
  they went through official ceremony of receiving jesus and similar stuff . . also they did drugs . 
  the problem with that money is that it often ends up in wrong hands .
