  the founder of our language vuk karadzic took this simplified phonemic principle from a german linguist ( forgot his name ) who advocated it for german language but it never got applied . 
  and we have lots of words for family members even those who were born centuries ago . 
  why ? 
  but was n't there a tribe called croats ? 
  it is interesting to know ( at least that is what i read ) that most of the people on balkans started calling themselves roman after 212 , a year when it was allowed that all free man in roman empire can become citizens and take that name . 
  before that roman citizenship was mostly reserved for inhabitants of italy . 
  lets add aschebescher and frisiandude as two more moderators and finish with this problem . 
  but what about romanian ? 
  it is not solely a romance language , it has dacian elements too ? 
  most of the serbs fled from kosovo ( excluding north ) , so there is not much people available for killing and rape . 
  all what is left are gravestones . 
  here is how exchange rates looked in serbia during hyperinflation . 
  akta manniskor from sweden is a must see . 
  what is in trolling that you enjoy it so much ? 
  again with this ? 
  almost a quarter of posts on this subreddit are about islams and immigrants . 
  this is becoming really symptomatic . 
  poor girl . 
  i can imagine parents disapproving with her behavior , but killing her with bare hands , really . 
  no , it is spread out all over the country . 
  for example , it is used in names of towns in central serbia like nova varo\u0161 ( new town ) or monutment devil 's town ( \u0110avolja varo\u0161 ) . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c4%90avolja_varo%c5%a1 https://sr.wikipedia.org/wiki/%d0%9d%d0%be%d0%b2%d0%b0_%d0%92%d0%b0%d1%80%d0%be%d1%88, 
  yes, 
  as a town . 
  we use word varo\u0161 too . 
  he probably means srpska krajina , not republika srpska . 
  excellent material for / r/balkanmusic, 
  srebrenica safe zone was created without un approval , french general philippe morillon on the field had to create it because he did n't know what to do with so many civilians . 
  only later it was approved by un but they still turned the blind eye on what was happening . 
  what about economic development ? 
  education etc. . . 
  why it is not sustainable ? 
  they can just decrease in numbers and everybody without kids should save for when they get old . 
  it is not written in stone that every country has to grow in numbers . 
  this man really sounds looks like a nice person , not a terrorist . 
  interesting , i had no idea . 
  thanks , 
  montenegro ? 
  why ? 
  they would have attacked them by now , the city is full of them , they are everywhere . 
  whole montenegro is pro-russian . 
  more than serbia , which is really interesting . 
  i hope the baby is ok because of the diet . 
  but we are all together on one planet . 
  you cant have automated biological computer bla bla society in one ( small ) part of the world , and a bunch of hungry people on the other . 
  one day it will blow up . 
  and you dont want to have a society built on leaving people to die of hunger on its borders . 
  i agree that some of them are bad influence though . 
  situation in their home countries needs to be improved . 
  that would mean that there is not a roma left in serbia . 
  the number is probably exagarated . 
  oh , i do n't know , i still feel sorry for those people . 
  what are they going to do now ? 
  what to do with so many arrested people ? 
  here media is creating panic with robberies , islam and stuff , but most of these people look pretty normal , previous middle class members . 
  basically our goal is to help them pass through our country as fast as possible . 
  some try to get earn money on them by selling them electricity for charging phones , while others help them with water , blankets and such . 
  he means gypsies . 
  not a nice way to call them . 
  bosniak and bosnian is different . 
  yeah , but everyone knows it is true . 
  probably because he was a foreigner . 
  they want to send a message . 
  we are good in basketball and voleyball . 
  also , shooting . 
  i think basketball is more popular . 
  everybody gave up on football . 
  vow , that is interesting . 
  the media portrays ireland as a big success . 
  i dont see that much nationalist sentiment . 
  it is not higher than other neighbor countries really . 
  what bothers me is corruption , incompetence , and overall despair and pessimism . 
  we are on the downhill , probably will never recover . 
  you are contradictory . 
  you say that `` make peace with the bully tactic '' never works , but eu is doing just that with its sanctions . 
  plus , there were victims on both side , not only ukrainians . 
  in serbia they only helped milosevic strengthen his power grip and stay longer in government . 
  people were so impoverished they could not fight him . 
  they are already defacto joined . 
  border checks are non existent . 
  they all behave like it is the same country . 
  i could never understand such opinions . 
  why do you think people will change their mind who to vote for only because somebody is punishing them ? 
  would you change your mind about anything because somebody beat you up or hurt you in any way , or because you realize yourself that you were wrong ? 
  and who is going to pay the taxes and debt meantime ? 
  ireland has lost its own language and culture with it . 
  sure , it is an option , but still why not improve things at home for people to leave in their own country . 
  that is 10 percent of local population , not a small number . 
  why are there so many nazis in ukraine ? 
  in other countries there are n't that many of them . 
  is it something caused by history or ... ? 
  yes , good point . 
  why not ? 
  it is possible that many of those men cheat with the same women . 
  some women are simply easy ( or looking for money ) . 
  reminds me of this http://www.theguardian.com/science/2014/sep/24/women-men-dna-human-gene-pool edit : put a better link, 
  was that a joke ? 
  exactly , irish lost their language and their culture . 
  plus the population is still smaller than it was before . 
  but at least now they have some economic prosperity , while balkans will stay impoverished border of eu .
