  i mean this is balkan . 
  this phenomenon even has a name http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/balkanization and it 's not all serbian countries . 
  well , it is not over yet . 
  kosovo is not an un country and those serbs in the north will never integrate . 
  not to mention in what a mafia state they will turn into when foreign money dries out . 
  yes , if kosovo has a right to secede from serbia , why kosovo serbs dont have a right to secede from kosovo ? 
  both sides have done crimes to each other , they ca n't live together no matter how country is called . 
  i do n't know about iceland , but here is how it looks in serbia . 
  most of the job applications and job ads are in english , candidates send their resumes in english . 
  in all companies ( international companies btw ) i have worked we used english for business communications ( clients and internal communication ) . 
  since i work in field of technology , we do n't even have serbian words for some technology terms , and we use for them broken english , or as we say `` tarzan english '' , for example words like browser . 
  lots of software i use daily are in english ( no serbian version , since probably it does n't pay off to translate to a small language ) . 
  kids learn english from young age , watch english movies and listen music , so they are slowly integrating some phrases into speaking language . 
  of course , nothing is drastic for now , but in 300 years ... we might all speak tarzan english . 
  well , the problem might be that most of the young belarussians speak russian . 
  as i said it is a matter of principle . 
  on the other side , there is a part of kosovo where only serbs live and they want to rejoin , but us and eu does n't allow kosovo split . 
  i do n't know why . 
  also , there are some unresolved issue about historical monuments and who they belong to . 
  serbia can block kosovo joining un with the help of russia and china indefinitely , with current un rules . 
  that is why eu and us want kosovo official recognition of serbia . 
  because , otherwise it can drag for decades . 
  anyway you would be surprised how many people would vote `` for kosovo '' ( what ever that means ) and against eu , just because of the principle . 
  and eu 's current economic situation further alienates people from it so this kind of referendum in this stage is dangerous , i hope it wont happen , at least not now . 
  it will be more like should we officially recognize kosovo ( does n't matter what the factual situation is ) or give up with joining eu ? 
  or alternatively , neither kosovo neither eu , 
  because hungary and romania found common language and have established contacts together with their own will . 
  do you see that happening for serbia and kosovo in years to come ? 
  having to go to joint meetings with albanians with fake smiles and handshakes only because a third party is forcing you , will not bring much progress , if there is not a genuine real interest in communication on both sides . 
  in 100 years maybe , but not soon . 
  only for kosovo you are wrong , but it is because you do n't understand . 
  it is not an ordinary war . 
  kosovo is to serbia a holy land , mentioned in many historic and literal books . 
  and serbs and albanians have a historical conflict which lasts for thousands years now , their and our historians have different views on everything , from the beginning of time . 
  it starts from nation origin , who came first to balkans , to life under turks . . oh , it 's really complicated . 
  resolving such conflict does n't seem to even started . 
  for example read this to get little insight : http://www.balkaninsight.com/en/article/serbian-and-albanian-contrasting-history so whatever legally happens with kosovo in 13 years , that conflict will stay , and will be an open wound for next 100 or 200 years . 
  especially because people do n't feel like justice has been served like in second world war with germans . 
  you have people my age who vividly remember conflict , deaths , loss of relatives , loss of houses and so on ... and they are going to transfer those feeling to their children etc. . . 
  so kosovo is really a problem . 
  eu ca n't solve it , until serbs and albanians themselves find common words , for which if you dig deeper will see that it did n't start to happen , not even in traces . 
  i see it as a similar conflict like england and france had in period of 1300 and later . 
  but , oh well , this is balkans . 
  we are always lagging behind couple of hundreds of years . 
  well , other countries do n't have kosovo . 
  that is a real problem . 
  and it wo n't be hard to convince people that serbia is a new switzerland or something , if everybody else joins . 
  yes , i do , and that is because of combination of factors . 
  would eu take a couple of more corrupt countries when they did n't manage to solve corruption in romania , bulgaria and greece ? 
  i see that holland and some other countries are really getting fed up with corruption and new members . 
  however , 20 years is long period , but it does n't have to mean that things will go for the better . 
  currently now , people are seeing less and less benefits of joining eu . 
  democracy wo n't improve , corruption wo n't get solved , and getting into eu market is very hard . 
  i know lots of newly founded companies in serbia which do n't bother with going eu markets , they are focusing into ukraine , and russia . 
  a large proportion of help we get from eu goes into ineffective projects and people are becoming fed up with that . 
  not to mention that serbia will have to recognize kosovo in order to join , for which majority of people is against . 
  well , my opinion probably does n't matter since it is unlikely that serbia will join eu , but i would like to see a truly democratic eu , where people will really have a say in the matter , ( not like technocrats now ) , and where people will be able to discuss and get educated on political topics ( to avoid populism and such . . ) . 
  a country where educational discussion is encouraged , and all opinions are taken into matter . 
  if people really feel that they can influence political decision , it wont mater if it is a federation or a central state or something third ... 
  for some reason this sounds like ussr . 
  and rape between immigrants is probably rarely reported too . 
  care to share that `` scientific evidence '' ? 
  nobody will ask them . 
  i guess it depends on the area . 
  whereever i was in greece over the summer it was full of serbs and romanians . 
  maybe you are talking about exclusive ( more luxury ) areas ? 
  why do they riot ? 
  and what kinds of problems they have with others ? 
  do they feel jeopardized or ? 
  i really do n't know much about them . 
  anyway , cutting them down from society will only bring more problems , and can give a bad example for solving similar conflicts . 
  workers also have a right to day off . 
  of course they should spend it on ways they like . 
  where did i say something different ? 
  i am just saying that society does n't always benefit from their spending . 
  their spending does n't have to mean smart investments , economic growth , high stocks etc. . which was a reply to your argument that it is always good to have companies get taxed less and receive more money because they will always invest it further . 
  nope , those shareholders ( representing middle class ) are a minority . 
  i am talking about rich families who do n't need to save money , and already can afford something nice . 
  they are not programmed to always invest in productive activities . 
  they can spend it on luxury products like they already do . 
  and you are talking like it is not possible to invest in wrong stocks , example facebook . 
  lastly , only well-established corporations can get funding by selling equities and other derivatives . 
  small and medium sized companies ( especially those of local character ) ca n't , and they are crucial for economic development . 
  having extra money on stock market is not enough , even if we assume everything works so smoothly as you say . 
  that is definitely not easy , and one person ca n't give an answer . 
  but , that should be our goal , we should focus our energy on that , not on thinking about best ways to remove one part of population out of labor market . 
  shareholders can spend money on unproductive activities . 
  for example , buying a luxury house on an isolated island on the other side of the world . 
  there is no guarantee that corporations will use extra savings on creating new jobs . 
  here is a recent example http://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/z89ph/canada_proves_conservatives_wrong_by_cutting/, 
  create a system where there is enough jobs for everyone . 
  yes , but maybe that is the best way to avoid world war ? 
  we make sure influential countries get heard . 
  it is not about forcing peace , it is about protecting civilians from war . 
  un staff was very often present in the area where mass kllings occurred , they knew , but they did nothing . 
  it happened in bosnia , rwanda and more . 
  well , byzantine was religious too . 
  hehe , well , you are being harsh to catholics . 
  one of the reasons there are pedophiles in catholic church is because pedophiles choose to become priests , because they knew they would have unmonitored access to children , not that religion makes them that way . 
  you need to calculate how much would gdp need to grow per year .
