  it is not safe even to visit graves . 
  too much hate on both sides , unfortunately . 
  well , great albania will swallow macedonia as well , still better than bulgaria to take it . 
  kosovo albanians ( soon to be albanian albanians ) and nato which has a base there , while all other non-albanians from kosovo have been prosecuted and had to flee , and still ca n't return to their properties . 
  http://www.hrw.org/reports/1999/kosov2/ http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kosovo_serb_enclaves, 
  oh , you should come to serbia . 
  it is the same here . 
  i always wondered why avars disappeared so quickly . 
  wow , that is very interesting . 
  thanks . 
  bora dugic on flute : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=av0sxqsu5zo hajde jano : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1uplyqow2ri djelem djelem : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-xcoyb7wsti ( this is gypsy hymn but composed in serbia ) saban bajramovic : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wszjuntztrm there are lots , trubaci ( trumpets ) , goran bregovic ... 
  these are just emotional responses . 
  this is all a cosequence of high unemployment and dismal economic situation . 
  gugl ( pronounced as google ) , it means google , i read somewhere that it is of hungarian origin . 
  i assume because they are frugal , and with credit cards one can easily lose track of spent money . 
  so to stop somebody from killing civilians you bomb other civilians ? 
  iq is definitely not a good measure of anybody 's intellectual , cultural or life potential . 
  it depends on education , upbringing , for example , and not every test is suitable for every culture . 
  i mean these things are so obvious that you are pretty ignorant to think something like that . 
  you ca n't judge intelligence of a boy from african slum and new your city private school with the same test . 
  plus , the intelligence itself is a questionable term . 
  many intelligent people are not successful and the opposite . 
  as for syria , just look at their ancient history and you will see that they have things to be proud of . 
  as for the integration of immigrants it depends on many factors , culture and religion first , no role models , no education etc. . . do n't be so primitive . 
  fear , you never know how many of isis are there . 
  it just shows that people dont trust police to protect them . 
  there are some indications that it was isis http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,l-4780607,00.html, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romeo_and_juliet_in_sarajevo romeo and julie from sarajevo . 
  awful story . 
  cigarette smoke , alcohol and pljeskavica ( grilled meat ) . 
  the only good thing about this is that people around him never hesitated to help him . 
  they could have got burns too . 
  i thought they have a nice functioning democracy there . 
  this line of thinking has always buffled ne . 
  being poor does n't mean that people are not allowed small cheap things they enjoy , like coffee or internet . 
  what is life worth then ? 
  there is a negative opinion about eu in the eu itself . 
  it is a growjng trend . 
  although i agree i hope we never join that bureaucracy mess . 
  but we are not russian puppets . 
  never have been actually . 
  they are not invested in our economy much and we dont depend on them all we have is friendly relations , because why not . 
  by more prevalent i mean that turks were a ruling class in most of the serbia for 5 centuries . 
  they left only after balkan wars at the start of 20th centry . 
  therefore , they had more time and power to commit crimes against ordinary people ( which they did as we see from history ) . 
  i do n't deny that when sides switched ( in times serbs rioted ) there were crimes against muslims . 
  i mean karadjordje killed whole serb families who didnt want to join him , let alone bosniaks or turks . 
  but he was active only from 1804 to 1813 . 
  expulsions happened all over europe before 20th century . 
  it was a way how one does things . 
  except for what karadjordje did to turks and bosniaks when liberating belgrade , there were no significant crimes against muslim civilians . 
  and the opposite was more prevalent . 
  nis and leskovac were never albanian towns . 
  do n't make things up to appear smart on the internet . 
  i do n't understand why ? 
  turkey joining eu could help them modernize . 
  they are not that bad really , not worse than other balkan countries . 
  if albania , macedonia , bulgaria , bosnia , serbia can join , why not turkey ? 
  lots of turks are living in eu already and causing no problems . 
  unfortunately , ordinary folks do n't see that money . 
  it all ends in the pockets of corrupt politicians and incompetent ngos , just furthering the hate toward west . 
  man , you need to relax and stop being so obssesed with serbs . 
  like other countries have a clue who these people are and what they stand for ? 
  or the tendendcy to blame others not themselves ? 
  serbs are the most stupid ? 
  as for hating nato you would think differently if your family members or friends died by their hand , or if bombs exploded 100 metters from your appartment , or the factory where your parents worked got destroyed . 
  it is not something you disregard . 
  humans are , after all , led by emotions . 
  honestly , i am against every military organization so i am proud that we dont like nato . 
  it is sad that humanity still hasnt evolved above that . 
  vietnam is the best . 
  they like everyone except china . . 
  russians are a majority in crimea , they would vote for joining russia in any case . 
  russia helped us in first world war to their own demise . 
  plus we had experienced more than two months of nato bombing us with lot of civilian casualties . 
  most of that aid has been squandered by corrupt and incompetent ngos, 
  serbian media has turned into tabloids , we get more news about kardashians compared to kosovo . 
  capitalism at its finest . 
  they could bring new wifes . 
  i read survivor stories some time ago , and they were bone-chilling . 
  what a horrible event . 
  yes , but sharp-minded , educated and hard-working people are needed to grow the economy , but they are leaving more and more . 
  very sad for the whole balkans . 
  i read somewhere that she was raised in a foster home , which probably contributed to her identity problems . 
  yes , tell it to all those massacred old people who decided to stay at their homes . 
  40k serbs used to live in prishtina before the war , and now there are only 40 of them left . 
  who leaves everything they have and all of their previous life `` voluntarily '' ? 
  i would understand it only if they left for some dream country , not to live as refugees in impoverished serbia . 
  they were running for their lives for gods sake . 
  balkan economic situation isnt helping either . 
  i read somewhere that terorists from bataclan also used drugs . 
  how cruel , poor man , i ca n't imagine how he must feel . 
  http://www.euronews.com/2015/11/16/questions-asked-over-syrian-passport-found-by-body-of-a-paris-suicide-bomber/ they still dont know, 
  there goes egypt tourism . 
  interesting , i didnt know that . 
  people in belgrade are only christian on paper , they almost never go to church or so . 
  dont think that we are extremists here . 
  exactly , they should have said eu , not europe unless balkan is not europe . 
  albania only 58 % ? 
  apparently if they have to flee afterwards it is useful to have a passport .
