  yes , i know that there were big retaliation against german and hungarians , and that everybody avoids talking about it , and that it is not in school curriculum . 
  however it ca n't be called genocide . 
  those were acts of revenge for previous crimes and cooperation with occupators . 
  like in every war ordinary civilians are most easiest target . 
  it is horrible really , every war is horrible . 
  what is that place called in english ? 
  ca n't find it online . 
  anyway , you ca n't call every single war incident a genocide . 
  definition of genocide is a `` the deliberate and systematic destruction , in whole or in part , of an ethnic , racial , religious , or national group '' . 
  well , icj declared that there has n't been a genocide in bosnia , but there were elements of genocide in srebrenica . 
  serbia was only found guilty of failing to prevent it , not of organizing it . 
  there were no evidence of a grand organization scheme to eliminate muslims which always exists with the genocide . 
  http://www.icj-cij.org/docket/index.php?sum=667&amp;code=bhy&amp;p1=3&amp;p2=2&amp;case=91&amp;k=f4&amp;p3=5 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bosnian_genocide#international_court_of_justice_.28icj.29, 
  yes , they do , but that is implied . 
  i was talking about other tastes . 
  even egypt ? 
  what that meant ? 
  anyway , not sure how do you qualify serbia , but women here ( from what i know at least ) are also more attracted to man from spain , greece , egypt , turkey . . they do n't like northern type because they are too cold and unemotional ( stereotype ) . 
  man from south are also more persistent when trying to seduce a women , so that might be the reason too . 
  personally i do n't find blonde man attractive at all , maybe because i have n't seen many of them while growing up . 
  wow . . he sounds more civilized here than on serbian media ... 
  germany and sweden ca n't compare to greece 's cuts . 
  they were implemented more smartly . 
  thatcher , ok , i am maybe i am far from being rational there , but she is the cause of a large social divide in uk , which will not cause good future for uk . 
  here is one of consequences of her rule http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/crime/8702838/england-riots-13-year-old-rioters-mother-blames-government.html, 
  yes , but from what i have heard from some estonians it is far from a good place to live . 
  they say that once you lose a job , you are doomed . 
  no security . 
  that is why most of them even 20 years after `` successful transition '' wish to go to work in sweden . 
  i would n't call that a success . 
  depends on what you prefer most financial stability or low unemployment . 
  well germany and sweden did n't get red of all the social benefits one could receive , so it was less painless for the ordinary folks and they could go on . 
  thatcher is a pretty controversial issue , i belong to a group of those who does n't think that it was a success ( i know that is a minority ) . 
  they were just lucky that they could turn country in a world finance center . 
  otherwise they have a huge part of population which is uneducated , like those riots which happened a year ago confirm . 
  where it has worked ? 
  can you give me an example ? 
  yes , but it is not up to greeks to decide . 
  eu and it 's advisers are forcing greece to cut unemployment benefits , re-education or support for entrepreneurs , everything . 
  they did n't want even referendum to be held , and they put eu man to lead the country . 
  that is the problem . 
  eu wants money back , and they wont it now . 
  that is just impossible without having a significant and long-term social , education and life cost which will at the end ruin greek economy forever . 
  how are hungry/homeless people going to start a company or find a job where there is none ? 
  if they have to think every day how are they going to survive , they wo n't have energy for creative ideas , or to gain new skills . 
  and consuming and being unemployed is not the same . 
  if one is unemployed he is stagnating with skills , lacking resources for re-education , and basically risking to die out of lack of money , health , food , plase to live ... 
  if somebody is consuming he at least has resources , they only have to be channeled in other direction . 
  the production shift is definitely needed in greece , and spain and all other countries , but it is not going to happen with austerity measures . 
  i mean that never worked before in history . 
  yes , but unemployment is higher . 
  people are spending less due to less money they have , and consequently income from consumption taxes ( type of tax which brings the most money in every budget ) is decreasing . 
  also there is a lower demand which causes companies which depend on the local market to start selling less . 
  also there is a high country risk which causes all entrepreneurs to not invest and keep their money on safe place . 
  yes , there is going to be a small influx from tourism taxes with the summer now , but you ca n't expect everybody to live on taxes paid by exporting industry . 
  yeah , but now due to austerity they do n't have money for taxes . 
  well . . they need something which will shift attention from those issues ... / s, 
  i do n't know what failed at life means ( i guess you support survival of the fittest rule ) , but he does n't deserve to be dead . 
  society should give people like this a chance , he was n't a killer , or a smuggler or hurt anybody else . 
  he took care of his mother , and really he did n't deserve to die . 
  oh , yes , i do n't think people are aware how many slavic and romanian words are shared , just pronounced differently , like gluma , or trebuit , or vreme, 
  this is such a good material for conspiracy theories . 
  all opinion polls predicted that tadic will win with clear majority . 
  there were not preliminary results yet . 
  well , people did n't vote for nikolic , they voted against tadic . 
  under tadic 's rule corruption and poverty have significantly increased to unbearable levels , and this was the result . 
  democracy sucks when you have one `` less evil '' and one `` more evil '' to vote for . 
  [ milorad pavic ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/milorad_pavi%c4%87_\\ ( writer \\ ) ) and [ borislav pekic ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/borislav_peki%c4%87 ) from serbia wrote books which are quite unique and thought-provoking . 
  i agree , unfortunately . . 
  yeah right ... 
  i know the usual justifications . . killing people and dropping bombs spreads peace , happiness , stability , human progress etc , the only way to teach the savages how to behave is to kill them . . and about rogue states http://noam-chomsky.tumblr.com/post/22900234110/for-forty-years-cuba-has-been-under-constant-us, 
  if a 15 years old friend was killed by a nato bomb you would feel the same, 
  ditching nato would be a great idea - that organization only serves to spread the terror across the world . 
  because some other countries ( read eu and germany ) are deciding on greece 's political and economics issues , not greece itself , that is loss of sovereignty . 
  also , i heard that eu and turkish businessman are now buying land and islands for very cheap , not sure if it is true though , but it is something people probably believe . 
  people 's anger can very often be channeled in wrong way . 
  the nearest guy ( immigrants ) is always most easiest to blame . 
  also in time of crisis people need some reassurance and self-confidence , and the easiest way to get it is to revert to nationalism and patriotism . 
  happens all the time in balkans . 
  in sweden everything is ok , so this stuff is probably hard to understand . 
  sarcastic man ... 
  i am from balkans too , it would mean i am insulting myself . 
  i was talking from a western point of view . 
  sorry , but savages from balkans are n't allowed to have great history moments . 
  really ? 
  how did it happen ? 
  maybe they did it on purpose to aviod tough decisions . . 
  all profit from replacement of manual labor jobs to machines will go to the owner of machines , so we wo n't achieve much . 
  more people will become unemployed . 
  is n't it funny how politicians sometimes have to behave exactly the opposite of what they think in political campaigns . 
  that is not democracy that is deceiving . 
  you are comparing historic events which happened in a timespan of more than 100 years . 
  anyway there are plenty of muslims in eastern europe , otoman culture , religion , food and way of life never really left ... 
  maybe he does n't have a us citizenship still , so in that case for legal reasons he needs to obey korea 's laws . . 
  it is the same language really , but rather a primitive form of it though with less words and all . 
  you can search on youtube for branko olar or stanisa paunovic famous singers of vlach songs , if you are interested to hear it . 
  this pagan customs are really interesting , remnants of old religion from dacians or tracians ... unfortunately nobody is spreading the word about it , and politicians do n't care . . 
  because they have been in contact with romania all this time , they were , most importantly , been under romanian orthodox church from the beginning and later had schools in romanian . 
  we have never been under romanian orthodox church which btw allowed us to preserve some very interesting pagan customs . 
  it is quite confusing for everyone especially vlachs , but anyway have in mind that they have never been part of creation of romania and they never had intellectuals and educated people ( until recently ) so they never had a chance to build a national identity ... ethnically they know they are different , but nationally they claim they are serbs .
