  they came to serbia ( or returned depending on history sources ) before alexandru ioan cuza created romania , and after that every contact stopped . 
  maybe those on the border did have some contact , but for those living more far from the border they barely heard about romania . 
  i personally never heard anybody of the elders talking about romania or romanian people . 
  anyway , over 200 years they have mixed , went to war and lived together with serbs so they just started claiming serbian national identity . 
  yeah , i do , but not all of it . 
  you have slightly softer pronunciation and larger vocabulary . 
  look at it as a romanian dialect from 200 years ago without modern words like computer or camera or economy etc. . . less abstract words too . . 
  no , no , no tzintzari ( aromanians ) is a completely different group ( even though a lot of media is mistaking it ) . 
  there is only a small group of them left living in belgrade as far as i know . 
  for us , the most common use is vlach ( on serbian ) , but on vlach language we call ourselves romans , rumuns , do n't know how to write it , :p bit it is same as romanians call themselves . . 
  well , i am one of those vlachs and most of my family declares as either vlachs or serbs , they do n't feel any connection with romania . 
  some of them have never heard real romanian , so they do n't know how languages are almost the same . 
  but culturally they do n't feel a connection . 
  read it again . 
  it does n't say that , it says `` partial ancestors '' . 
  it depends on the job . 
  in some jobs younger ones are the ones who are skilled . 
  really ? 
  did n't know that . 
  i still hope we do n't enter ... you probably will . . 
  well , if they do n't they can always block serbia 's access since they go in first like greece does with macedonia . 
  anyway , i do n't think or wish serbia will ever enter eu so you can relax about it . 
  can you explain how exactly is voting yes for eu voting for serbia ? 
  this is about data , not about living in macedonia or serbia . 
  misery index is a rate of inflation plus rate of unemployment . 
  our unemployment rates are similar around 30 percent . 
  but our inflation rate is higher than macedonian . 
  go to google and check yourself . 
  you are always bashing serbia more than me so ... 
  well , i think that serbia is worse than macedonia , they probably did n't have data for serbia or something, 
  aha , ok , i did n't know austro-hungary counts too ... well , i personally do n't think it is a bad thing to have a citizenship from a mother country . 
  i do n't see what can be bad about it . 
  yeah but most of hungarians or serbs in vojvodina never had hungarian citizenship , never been part of hungary as state , but they still can apply for citizenship if they know the language ? 
  or not ? 
  well they attacked serbia without any kind un resolution and none of the nato members was attacked . 
  it does n't matter would i want turkish or not , i wanted to say that it wo n't necessarily lead to conflicts or racism as you claim ... some countries are a good example . . 
  not always , for example in canada they have two official languages and in many britain 's ex colonies english is an official language . . 
  i really thought it is a genuine strategy symbolizing a new dawn rising . 
  so , what are the predictions ? 
  is this good or bad thing ? 
  they said the same thing before so ... 
  i see here a difference in salaries . 
  one is for same work paid less in romania then germany . 
  has nothing to do with productivity . 
  yes , but he is rich . 
  he will get the least possible sentence , if he ever gets pronounced guilty . 
  i am sure berluskoni would n't care less . 
  he can now enjoy in his luxury without having to worry about italy 's troubles . 
  well , do you think he will care if he is ousted now ? 
  he is rich and will enjoy greatly the rest of his life like a king what ever happens to the italy or euro . 
  even with this aid , in 2020 greece will still have 120 percent debt to gdp ration . 
  things will not normalize in 5 to 10 years . 
  the question now is to choose less of two evils . 
  maybe somebody offered to give them loans , also drachma depreciation will significantly stimulate their export and tourism , because it will be very cheap . 
  democracy has gone at the moment when politicians indebted a country so much , while ordinary people were n't aware what is going on, 
  balkan countries are just as corrupt . 
  here we have dead people doing all sorts of stuff . 
  they got 50 % of reduction from private debt , not whole debt . 
  debt which they owe to imf and ecb stays and that is the majority . 
  yes , it is worsening , if you know people who live there , their prospect is pretty bleak and nobody i know from greece is thinking about starting a new job , because simply they ca n't afford it with or without high taxation . 
  everybody is aware that status quo is unsustainable , but eu reforms do n't care about economic development of greece , all what they care is too take their money back . 
  working where and what when there are no jobs and economy is in shackles ? 
  their situation is only worsening day by day . 
  i agree that they have to change that welfare state from current form , they have to change a lot , but first they need to revive economy , open new businesses and such ... problem is how ? 
  taxation is only going to slower that process . . 
  hmm , sorry , i have mistaken you with somebody else from above thread , who i was discussing and he said that majority of people are stupid and selfish . 
  i should pay attention more i guess , sorry again . 
  http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/lsf4f/german_flag_burned_on_the_streets_as_greeks_react/c2vdxbe i agree about division of labor , but i do n't think it is incompatible with having direct democracy ? 
  yes , i mostly agree with you . 
  but if they are broke how come you expect them to pay . 
  if they are broke , even massive taxation ca n't help them . 
  we 'll see in couple of years . 
  well , do n't be so sensitive on other people 's opinion . 
  it is the law , but they have to catch you first  . 
  agree , politicians should be prosecuted , but they are not going to prosecute themselves , are they ? 
  and people are angry at the street trying to punish politicians , but nobody cares . 
  hey you say that majority of people are stupid and should n't be let to influence political decisions , and i assumed that stupid people ca n't vote to choose smart people . 
  that is a paradox . 
  i ca n't comment on system in california , because , honestly i know nothing about it . 
  i would have to make a research on internet to see how exactly it functions and all , and it will take a day or two , to be able to give you an opinion . 
  i make my opinions based on facts , as i assume you do , and for this example i do n't have all facts . 
  why do you think it is bad decision by swiss ? 
  if you ( or your country or your region ) think it is bad decision , but they think it is good , who is right ? 
  in democracy it is definitely possible to make bad decisions , but in that case they face consequences . 
  nobody is perfect . 
  but if those decisions are imposed by smart people on power why should ordinary brainless folks face consequence ? 
  i do n't know if you live in a country which has a problem with corruption , but you took everything backwards . 
  in corrupt system , even if you behave ethically right ( if you assume that is right ) and want to be better than politicians ( as you say ) and pay taxes , you achieve nothing . 
  you pay tax , tax goes to their pockets and system is unchanged . 
  you pay for their house , cars etc. . . everybody starts calling you a fool and one day you decide you are going to stop financing somebody else with your work . 
  paying taxes means nothing , because taxes do n't go to support poor kids , poor people housing and etc. . . it goes to politicians and their families . 
  system is wrong , because politicians have that power to use public money for their own use . 
  system needs to be changed . 
  it ca n't be changed if everyone start paying taxes , but by punishing or restricting politicians from abusing the system . 
  politicians would love the fact if everyone would pay taxes , it would be a pure heaven for them . 
  you voluntarily give your money to people who take it home , they spend it for their own use . 
  you need to give people right incentive to pay taxes , to start believing in a system themselves , to have a feeling that money is being spent on right ways , not to be used by a politician so that he can employ all his family to work in a local administration . 
  you are not aware of level of corruption there , yes it is the same as in africa . 
  it is easy to call people idiots , you need to understand what are their incentives really . 
  calling them idiots is disrespectful .
