  oh , our minister of police also refuses to admit , even though it is so obvious . 
  oh , man , this brings childhood memories . 
  how awful, 
  now you know how people with tattoos feel . 
  balkan is a clusterfuck of a region , but people are actually very similar . 
  they just have different religious holidays and nation names . 
  by similar i mean similar mentality , food , music , jokes , outlook to life ... 
  it is not like in some other places were people are really `` different '' . 
  for job you also have lucru ? 
  oh , memories . 
  my relative in yugoslavia ( very different from sssr but still same principle ) was one of the rare people to get fired . 
  he was caught stealing . 
  he quickly found a different job , but for less pay . 
  come on , do n't give up on your language . 
  it would be a shame to lose all celtic languages ( although we might already have ) . 
  i am not sure if it is true . 
  lots of people have relatiees abroad . 
  the world is becomimg so absurd . 
  it said somewhere that they alarmed police when they suspected that he will travel to syria a year ago . 
  they were aware but still ... 
  i do n't understand what happens in these kids heads to become so indoctrinated . 
  obviously his parents were aware of it , he had normal family members and still nobody could stop him . 
  i do n't understand why is everybody giving more emphasis to youth votes . 
  older people have more life experience , they are not that bad in making decisions . 
  it is not russian `` per se '' , i think the founder is from uzbekistan , kazakhstan or a similar country . 
  because balkans has always been a crossroads between multiple civilizations/empries/religions etc. . 
  what is it in the mind of those people to just go and kill so many people without reason . 
  unbelievable . 
  my condolences :(, 
  for the moment i only saw first two panels and that got me very optimistic . 
  i know some serbs that took hungarian citizenship and left for eu . 
  well at least the innocent guy was n't charged . 
  he must have been terrified . 
  imagine geting arrested for something you did n't do in a foreign country . 
  two terrorists attacks in one day . 
  how awful . 
  yes , i agree . 
  it is not his fault that democratic politicians are corrupt and inefficient , causing people to stop voting for them . 
  nope , that is not my idea of justice . 
  well , they would die if they stayed , 90 percent of those who stayed ( mostly elderly people ) got killed . 
  it is good that they left really . 
  at least they are alive . 
  no it is n't , and i am not waving , i have it since i joined this subreddit , like most of the redditors here . 
  all subreddits have some kind of a flair , in this one flair is a flag ( not my decision ) . 
  i guess we are all a bunch of nationalistic scum here judging by your criteria . 
  is that supposed to be bad ? 
  why ? 
  oh , yeah , i agree , but i am talking about people 's feelings . 
  well , now they do n't even have to pretend to be pro-eu ( if we assume they are ) so i do n't understand what do you want to say . 
  i do n't agree , but it does n't really matter now to argue about it . 
  i am sorry too , right wing will grow now here more than ever , but nothing we can do now , message sent to us is clear , justice has n't been served . 
  exactly ... we got the message ... 
  prevalent message from serbia now is `` goodbye europe '' and we really mean it . 
  edit : i am not a nationalist , i am even a national minority here so, 
  it is sad really . 
  in times of communism they had a little chance of finding a job and earning for a living , but now when education and marketable skills are very important , while government is in debt and without money for social benefits , and unemployment is above 20 % , their prospect is dire . 
  it does n't surprise me that they are trying to leave . 
  and , of course , nobody wants them . 
  why ? 
  well , there is certainly some otoman influence , but i would n't say that it is prevalent . 
  otomans were n't really that interested in spreading their culture . 
  otherwise we on balkans would all be muslims now . 
  we could say this for whole world . 
  smaller countries rarely have a say . 
  swedes have no sense for teamwork . 
  at least my experience from various online games . 
  great job . 
  keep fighting . 
  i really hope they 'll succeed in ousting these profit bloodsuckers . 
  if you are really that interested there are some elements of vinca scripts still found in customs of vlachs ( similar to romanians ) in serbia http://www.scribd.com/doc/78866919/sacred-language-of-the-vlach-bread-illustrated-book-and-dictionary-in-40-pictures-paun-es-durli%c4%87, 
  i really do n't understand why are you surprised ? 
  of course that they do n't consider balkans to be europe , and of course they are not interested in smaller countries . 
  smaller countries should take case about themselves not wait for eu to solve their problems or care . 
  that being said i think you are the last one from balkans to enter , maybe monte negro will follow , and further integration will depend on how croatia develops in eu . 
  i like it really , but here nobody celebrates it except the goths and similar groups . 
  it is n't that widespread as it appears in media really . 
  but i do n't understand it either . 
  for most of the time it is just empty and mindless talk . 
  they probably think it is cool to not like the jews , or do n't know , repeat the history mantra without thinking . 
  i guess he means to say , that agnosticism does n't mean `` no religion '' , but it does n't mean religion either so it has to be separate group . 
  more confusion comes because the choice is called `` no religion/atheism '' which seems to imply that both are the same . 
  almost , i am not lesbian , but i am near 30 , somewhat religious female . 
  i dunno , i have had good experience with roma in my life . 
  once they tried to rob me though , but i still do n't think that they are bad . 
  problem is in their culture . 
  nice story really . 
  i am almost opposite of everything you said , 
  serbia was also a shield between ottoman empire and europe from the other side . 
  people have nowhere to gain experience . 
  should n't be the person who is really guilty be punished , not how he behaves in court ? 
  imo , karadzic is very smart and calculated , he is guilty for lot of things . 
  see how even to you he appears normal . 
  however , seselj is simply crazy , out of his mind , he is definitely guilty for verbally inviting violence though . 
  not sure if you have read some of his books , he is a nut case . 
  seselj should be seeing a psychologist , not a judge . 
  at least my opinion . 
  well , obviously they could n't receive a nobel prize in economics, 
  you make it sound like i should be upset or something ? 
  you know something is wrong when you actually have to explain why the reward was deserved, 
  nato has targeted civilian targets , rts building , empty bridges miles away from kosovo , civilian trains , civilian houses in residential area ( aleksinac , belgrade ) , center of the city nis was covered with cluster bombs which are now forbidden and are known to be used and effective for targeting people , and more ... for an organization of such caliber , it is not possible to have so many misses .
