  why do you assume that being blue-collar and only with high school means that person is bad and we should n't like them ? 
  maybe they are from poor area , and never had a chance to learn english ? 
  it doesnt make them morally bad people . 
  some schools in serbia , still do n't have computers , i am not going to mock those kids because they are uneducated . 
  anyway , since you mention serbians , i know when people from serbia immigrate to usa or europe , third generation is no longer serbian , they learn the language and integrate into society never thinking about serbia , but they are christians and they are white . 
  yet , for muslims it did n't happen , maybe because of religion , or culture ( i think that turks culturally really tend to stick together which is good , unlike us ) , or race , or maybe they were discriminated ? 
  maybe discrimination caused them to live in ghetos ? 
  i really do n't understand why they do n't learn native language ? 
  i do n't know the answer but it strikes me how serbians always melt in , but muslim do n't . 
  you have problems with oligarchs too ? 
  this is depressing ... because it seems that problem is not easily solved ... 
  poor kids . 
  definitely . 
  poverty is an expected outcome whenever imf comes to advise a certain country . 
  edit : advice to advise, 
  there wo n't be enough place in jail for all of them . 
  that is not democratic at all . 
  anyway , they are already under eu scrutiny . 
  well , we need to build another one , because we are getting more poor and more uneducated and hungrier than in milosevic era , even though we apparently have `` free speech '', 
  nah , we will have to recognize it ... europe is not so loving to us . 
  they said they do n't want another cyprus in europe . 
  there is a one eu official every week saying that , and then our corrupt governments denies . 
  i guess they are testing public opinion or something . 
  tax avoidance is a national custom not only for greece but all countries in balkans along with hungary . 
  do you really think that eu politicians ca n't become corrupt as well ? 
  or inefficient ? 
  moving problems to a higher institution will solve nothing . 
  well , i heard people speaking that even in serbia ( and we are not eu ) . 
  people are so fed up with corrupt and lying politicians and bureaucracy that they say we need somebody else to govern us . 
  they think western politicians mentality is different and they will do the `` right things '' but is that really true ? 
  can europe politicians become corrupt and inefficient too ? 
  we use elections for local governments , but they still end up corrupt . . 
  i read somewhere that official unemployment rate in bosnia is like 40 - 50 percent , therefore youth unemployment is probably double . 
  and here in serbia official unemployment is nearly 20 percent , and unofficial is 30 percent , so let 's estimate it to 60 percent . 
  sucks , but time , i know . 
  what to expect from a man who lost three grandchildren and a son . . he is ready for anything ... 
  i think i read somewhere that most of the world debt is owned by chinese , but i am not sure now . . anyways , i would say that your answer is financial experts , banks , imf , investment bankers , stock market experts , global financial corporations and so on ... 
  do you gain profit from this arms ? 
  i suggest you watch this documentary http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qkpxpo-link&amp;feature=player_embedded and this speech http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dqgkp68avti about greece getting and spending their loans . 
  and maybe you did n't see , but most of the people even here on this subreddit are calling the greeks lazy tax avoiders and say that they deserved all what has happened to them . 
  apparently they are basically protesting because of giving up their 13th and 14th salary and having to work 40h per week . 
  this one http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dqgkp68avti ? 
  have you watched a movie `` hotel rwanda '' ? 
  i recommend it , in that war un also watched calmly although war crimes have been committed . 
  un intervention also meant nothing ... something in the un rules which prevents them . 
  and to answer your question from above , hatred is not so prevalent today , at least i hope it is n't but the fact is that bosnia is not a functioning country . 
  all decisions are made by foreigners , unemployment is like 40 percent and people are poor and in poverty nationalism always rise , and whenever two sides need to make a decision without foreigner influences they fail to do so ... 
  because their system has lot of corruption , and under corruption people 's opinion ca n't get expressed . 
  therefore we do n't know are each culture and language being respected and supported . 
  if you call this a democracy http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/i99vo/all_mps_under_30_in_indias_parliament_are/, 
  i agree with you , there is nothing bad about it , but op is assuming governments formed the usual way so i followed his assumption . 
  the usual way is already failing in some countries . 
  anyway , avoiding deadlock of politics and dealing with different cultures will require a significant reform of current organization and political system , and current structures in power will never allow it . 
  they stick to the failing procedures over and over , greece is one of the example . 
  and why it should n't be a bad thing ? 
  unified europe needs one government and one parliament ... we already have one country in europe whose parties ca n't agree on forming a government , it would certainly happen in europe as well . 
  i am assuming a parliament chosen by people , not some artificial entity . . 
  too many different cultures and languages ... it would be a disaster, 
  because they hear stories from their elders like `` my grandma was in yasenovac , your uncle died in a war '' etc. . . and it is told that everything is german 's fault but it is n't ... communists allowed real perpetrators to get away unpunished ... unfortunately , i think the same will be with last wars ... people do n't have a feeling that justice is served , so history will only repeat . . 
  basically , it is not countries owing to each other , but institutions , citizens and most importantly banks . 
  tax evasion mostly happens in societies where there is a huge corruption . 
  tax evasion is basically the only way to be efficient in a society with huge corruption . 
  it is even a good thing for economy , because business could n't survive overburdened by taxes . 
  who would want to pay taxes when they know taxes will go to corrupt politicians ? 
  unfortunately , i do n't know of a country which has successfully dealt with corruption even when using imf recipe and advice , it is deep into culture . 
  thanks, 
  probably both, 
  i like that fact about veggies and fruits ... good job, 
  comparing to other governments in the region , yours is the 200times better, 
  i think you are one of the last ones to enter . 
  i do n't know . 
  i would like to know that answer as well . 
  in reality he is not risking his jobs and benefits . 
  and it is in his best interest to be surrounded by relatives not some strangers ... also there is nobody to make him accountable for employing his relatives ... 
  i am not sure that the last part will work ... in serbia there are already foreigners from eu administration with access to all books and performing random checks ... as you say ... who advice and control everything ... but corruption is only getting worse every day . . 
  you can never be sure about armed conflict . 
  other areas are fine but bosnia is still not a state of it 's own . 
  foreign leaders would have to go away one day , and two sides are still not on good terms with each other . 
  unfortunately not , there are lot of young nationalists in all ex yugoslavia countries . 
  some of them born after the wars , the situation on balkan is far from being calm . 
  hmm , if this scenario is likely , i do n't think that eu will allow it . 
  why would n't they try to prevent and avoid it ? 
  he is very much right ... 
  i do n't understand how a socialist can be a president of imf , the bastion of liberal economics ... 
  thanks ... 
  how exactly is their political system more democratic than the others ? 
  how , what is the explanation of this ? 
  well , ask the taxpayers first do they want to pay . 
  obviously they do n't . 
  http://www.boston.com/bostonglobe/editorial_opinion/oped/articles/2009/09/24/un_report_a_victory_for_terror/ / for every serbian soldier four civillians died . 
  it was n't a small price , you think it was because you are not aware of the scare of killing that happened , but so many people killed for nothing it could have been done the other way , . 
  ... especially because he did n't have support by his people , there were only occasional killing on kosovo before bombarding , he mostly imprisoned them , all killings of albanians happened during bombarding ... 
  why do you think bombing stoped him and was necessary ? 
  it did n't hurt milosevic a bit . 
  it just strengthened him to stay on power one more year , because people became even more powerless to demonstrate . 
  the presidential elections a year after that which he lost ( and tried to rig though ) stopped him . 
  he went to hague after that . 
  not even much army got killed in the bombing , mostly civilians got killed ( 4:1 ) and destroyed infrastructure . 
  if they waited a year , the same results with kosovo could be achieved without blood on both sides . 
  bombing even encouraged him to use even more military force on kosovo .
