  it was intentional . 
  actually marti ahtisari threatened milosevic that nato will cover whole belgrade with cluster bombs . 
  if that is not terror , i do n't know what it is . 
  my friends lost a 16 years old friend in nato bombing . 
  they are still haunted by this . 
  i agree that nato terrorized some people . 
  i guess you were lucky not to feel it or be near the bombs . 
  wikipedia says that there only 3 - 4 percent of muslims in denmark ? 
  why would it be such a problem ? 
  it wont be a big deal . 
  it looks different now , but after couple of years everybody will live in two states and forget what happened . 
  look at montenegro , everybody said they would n't be able the survive without serbia , and they are doing just fine now . 
  you 'll get used to it . 
  it is like that everywhere on reddit . 
  i think it is an overall trend on whole reddit especially after the release of that movie . 
  so many anti-islam posts on front page recently . 
  orchestrated ? 
  i do n't know . 
  he is not very smart in hiding identity . 
  but how can one guy cause so much trouble ? 
  there is got to be more of them if op is right . 
  food , music, 
  it is not my personal needs , but everyone who lives in belgrade , but yeah . 
  why would i give my tax money and personal time for something which wont change current situation even slightly . 
  ever heard of education ? 
  yeah , definitely people ' mind will change when they see a parade with 200 people marching surrounded by police . 
  did n't they approve libya ? 
  go to youtube to check how it looked two years ago . 
  it was like a war zone , city was brought to a halt . 
  i live near the city center and i do n't want to be locked inside my flat one whole day , because outside is chaos . 
  they really should have organized it in some other part of the city really , it might have had better chance to organize the security . 
  well , two years ago they brought policemen from all over the country , and center of belgrade was a war zone , just so that they could walk 200 metters completely surounded by police ( they couldnt even return home by walk , but had to be taken with police cars ) and the rest of city population had to spend sunday indoors because outside was chaos . 
  no point to have the parade really , we are not ready . 
  nationalism was n't supported in yugoslavia ? 
  why do you think that ? 
  what was supported was unity , brotherhood between nationalities and religion was frowned up . 
  it is one of the main reasons why nationalism exploded when yugoslavia broke up , just because it was suppressed for long time . 
  all nationalist anti-fascist movements on both sides , like ustashe and chetniks were prosecuted as criminals in world war 2 . 
  well , eastern germany is doing pretty good comparing to all the other ex-communist countries . 
  i do n't understand what is the difference between independent kosovo and kosovo under albania ? 
  it is their own will to unite with whomever they want . 
  in both cases it is n't serbian , so i do n't think that it will be such a big deal for serbians really . 
  serbians will rise to the arms only if serbia officially recognizes kosovo . 
  majority of serbia does n't want kosovo independent so ? 
  well , i do n't know have you tried to cross albanian - kosovo border beyond official checkpoints ? 
  there basically is n't one , they cross the border like they are in eu . 
  what about other countries which are now in eu ( unlike serbia ) and have committed genocide too ? 
  honestly , i do n't see a difference between lifestyle you suggest and lifestyle these two women pursue . 
  both are dependent on man financially and emotionally , they both support a centuries old tradition , all what they should do is support man in his stuff , and take care of children . 
  difference is that these two women wear different clothes , and pray a lot . 
  and you make it like it is all women 's fault if monogamous relationships fail , and they are the only one who do n't know what to do with their lives . 
  i know more single man than women , because they simply do n't want to get married ever . 
  some single women i know is opposite , they want to get married but there are no man available , so something is wrong with your theory . 
  i do n't know . 
  you can look the number yourself on the internet . 
  serbia is similar except the occupation thing ... 
  people need reassurance in times of crisis and something where they can get self confidence from , when no other option is possible ( no jobs , no money , no independence , no security ... ) . 
  the easiest way to achieve it is to resort to nationalism , national pride , group identity etc. . . 
  this is actually a normal thing to happen in a country in crisis . 
  i think that even those international experts would n't be able to deal with balkan history and numerous interpretations for each historical event . 
  `` the study by the humanitarian law centre - kosovo , was conducted at a number of secondary schools across kosovo '' kosovo kids include serbian kids . 
  serbs live in kosovo too , in less numbers now though . 
  tens of thousands more ??? 
  did you read the article ? 
  10000 civilians total died from 1998 - 1999 both serbs and albanians by both armies . 
  not sure if it includes around 500 confirmed civilians to die from nato bombs ( but unofficial data is more ) . 
  well , for kosovo it worked , so it is possible . 
  i see no difference between republika srpska krajina and kosovo except nato intervention . 
  in both cases there have been crimes on both sides , and both sides could n't find a common language . 
  depends how you look at it really . 
  case of srpska krajina , can prove the point that in balkans only when territories are ethnically clean there can be peace . 
  in this case , it was serbs who were expelled and some croats from vojvodina transferred to croatia , and yeah , it is a possible scenario for kosovo serbs too . 
  it is projected that 100 000 kosovo serbs are already permanently removed from their home places . 
  i do n't say that is a good thing , of course , and it does n't send a good example , but for croatia it worked perfectly . 
  they have serb treat no more . 
  so you might argue that expelling the rest of serbs from kosovo is a solution , but really , nobody dares to say that publicly . 
  china and russia will never allow un membership unless serbia says so . 
  china because of nato hitting their embassy when bombing serbia because of kosovo , and russia oh well , you know ... as , i said lets , wait and see . 
  time will tell . 
  currently i do n't see their economy doing good , unemployment very high , criminals in power for over a decade , also suspicious deaths in high position http://setimes.com/cocoon/setimes/xhtml/en_gb/features/setimes/features/2012/06/16/feature-02 , and they are mostly very young people , who would want a chance to for decent life when they grow up . 
  here are some reactions , two more eu politicians agree with this : http://diepresse.com/home/politik/aussenpolitik/1293178/serbien_teilung-des-kosovo-einzige-loesung?from=gl.home_politik http://www.b92.net/eng/news/politics-article.php?yyyy=2012&amp;mm=09&amp;dd=20&amp;nav_id=82283, 
  yes , i completely understand your point , but it is not over . 
  when situation is not solved it will break loose sooner or later . 
  kosovo albanians wo n't be happy either when in 30 years , they look back and see criminals on power , no un membership , economy is not better , and others call them a failed state . 
  let 's see how long will solving a balkan conflict by sweeping things under the rag last this time . 
  i know some people from north kosovo and they are not criminals , it is very bad of you to call them that way , as they are all very traumatized and living in fear for their life not to have same destiny like counterparts from deeper kosovo who are mostly expelled to serbia or died . 
  i am not making things up here is one example . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2004_unrest_in_kosovo http://www.b92.net/eng/news/crimes-article.php?yyyy=2012&amp;mm=07&amp;dd=07&amp;nav_id=81145 well , yes , i agree , borders should be drawn by nation , that is the best solution . 
  if they ca n't live together , why force them ? 
  yes , you have a point . 
  but splitting is really the best solution . 
  otherwise , the conflict will never end . 
  some political analysts have long time ago said that balkans will never have peace until borders are drawn by nationality . 
  i do n't honestly think it will happen because of your a ) point . 
  but it is the best solution . 
  it is not over believe me . 
  nobody wants balkan conflicts for foreseeable future , that is for sure , i agree . 
  but a hidden and open conflict and hostilities will remain in next centuries . 
  nothing is solved . 
  and west ca n't control it forever .
