  maybe they already killed someone worse than hitler . 
  same in serbia , but sometimes they are cute not annoying . 
  [ lume lume ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=79qvepebrwa ) - from romania [ djelem djelem ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bdvvxt29bos ) - gypsy song from serbia, 
  catholicism and most other religions arent about being shielded from some people , and avoiding them , but trying to connect all of them under one god or whatever . 
  it is not like southern europeans will start to massively convert catholics into their own religion . 
  he already lost once in orange revolution and got elected again afterwards . 
  this is not something he is not familiar with . 
  it is just the anti-russian sentiment which is overprevalent here . 
  who will put put veto ? 
  no , we are not . 
  situation is pretty dismal here . 
  i agree , great man . 
  but why they never made him a king ? 
  but it is a false smile . 
  i dont need somebody smiling at me , all i need is to be served and respected as customer . 
  if somebody smiles honestly , that is great , but really why force people who work for minimum wage , barely makin a livin to smile all the time . 
  there are couple of them , but that is not too much . 
  serbia as well . 
  i just wanted to post the same link as well , 
  well , it happens . 
  it would probably happen to me too . 
  hm , well in serbia it is meat in all forms , olivier salad and rakia . 
  this is beyond words . 
  poor people . 
  they can be spent to help small businesses , like give them cheap credits , advisory services etc. . . 
  if that attack ever happens , i doubt anybody is going to use soldiers . 
  nuclear weapons will come into play sooner or later after any kind of distrubances , so that is why anybody will avoid any kind of attack . 
  interesting views . 
  they bring more aspects into discussion . 
  well , i do n't know , it is hard to say , but we have to do something differently . 
  protesting is simply a small nuisance for politicians . 
  it changes nothing . 
  simply gives power back to the other group and vice versa . 
  how will that help ? 
  all what they will have is a new replacement , corrupt the same way as the previous one . 
  i mean , whole balkans is the same . 
  a new approach is needed . 
  in what sense ? 
  largest country in the world . 
  pretty conservative , does n't want to accept western liberal values . 
  uk/us wanted to continue 2nd world war and attack russia in 1945 . 
  suffered greatly in 20th century under communism and in wars . 
  every russian family has at least one member who died in 2nd world war . 
  neoliberalism under yeltsin hit them hard in 90s , some people starved to death on the streets , putin changed things for the better , that is why people like him . 
  they have lot of ethnic groups , and religions ( even pagan ones ) . 
  do n't know the exact number but it is a lot . 
  they have great websites for piracy . 
  crazy videos on youtube . 
  are many macedonians using that right ? 
  because they consider macedonians to be bulgarians by origin . 
  jeeze , ca n't believe i forgot that slovenia was part of yugoslavia , too . 
  sometimes they use one synonym for croatian and the other one for serbian , just to make it look a bit different . 
  thanks . 
  thanks . 
  i watched mr lazarescu and 3 weeks and 2 days , very good movies . 
  anybody has something similar to suggest ? 
  http://www.njuz.net/ - serbian , it is pretty good . 
  pretty secular muslim country . 
  exotic food and architecture . 
  their president , who is sometimes accused to be a dictator , seems to be a skilled diplomat . 
  why it is an insult ? 
  is n't that the word they call themselves ? 
  jeeze . . this is so childish ... 
  ok , i agree with you ( even though i have problem understanding romanian on tv , for example ) , but most of the vlachs feel differently . 
  you can see on the veb page of national association of vlachs ( official vlach representatives ) they feel differently , http://www.nacionalnisavetvlaha.rs/reagovanjabalasevic2.html they even made their own alphabet http://www.politika.rs/rubrike/tema-dana/usvojena-vlaska-azbuka-sa-35-slova.lt.html i guess you have to use google translate , because it is not on english . 
  yes , well things are more complicated than that . 
  romania looks at things too narrow . 
  vlachs do n't identify themselves as romanians ( you can see that on all polls they either declare as serbs or vlachs ) , and that is why they refuse to accept romanian language themselves . 
  vlach language is some kind of old archaic dialect so literal romanian sounds very different to us , like a really different language even though probably 90 % of words are the same , i guess , but some grammar and pronunciation is different . 
  so for example now they are trying to make their own language called vlach , which is kind of ridiculous , but you have to understand that they have never been part of romania and ca n't identify with romanian language , so they would rather invent their own language , especially because of the pressures . 
  also , we were never part of romanian church , why would we be now ? 
  most requests for romanian church come from romanian nationals who married in serbia , but most of the vlachs do n't wa n't it . 
  serbia ca n't force some other language and religion on its own people , because they internally do n't want it . 
  problem with vlachs is that they never had their own intelectual elite which would build their identity , so they nationally feel as serbs , and romania , until now was never really interested in them . 
  even now romania is only interested to lump them all as romanians even though they have some distinct pagan customs and words , which is a shame romanians are not interested in , because it explains their history as well . 
  here is a link to vlach dictionary in progress : http://www.paundurlic.com/vlaski.recnik/index.php also interesting book about the customs : http://www.scribd.com/doc/78866919/sacred-language-of-the-vlach-bread-illustrated-book-and-dictionary-in-40-pictures-paun-es-durli%c4%87 serbian orthodox church fiercely tries to block romanias church for their own reasons , it should n't be confused with how vlachs feel . 
  as for neonazis , do n't know , maybe there are some , they are everywhere , but it is not that prevalent . 
  we were also never part of romanian church which enabled us to preserve some very interesting pagan customs dating even from before rome . 
  why do you think that serbia does n't treat valachians from timok nicely ? 
  i am one of those and situation is complicated , but that fact is that serbia has always treated as equally and paid more attention to us than romania . 
  why not ? 
  press is privatized too , and their function in society is highly important . 
  so basically there would be no difference , except maybe lower wages for the staff . 
  the most of them maybe look like it , but he is specifically talking about those swedes who do n't fit the stereotype . 
  slavoj zizek claims that peace on balkans can only be achieved when countries get rearranged on national , not territorial principle . 
  every nation in a separate country . 
  all i know is that women are not allowed to enter . 
  oh well , badmouthing of turkey is common to all balkans , and it is something you learn from young age , it is kind of engraved into people 's mind , even though at same time they watch turkish series , travel there a lot , like their culture etc. . . as for actions in yugoslav wars , i do n't think there are lots of people supporting killing of innocent civilians ( if they do those people are lunatics ) , when defending it people mostly try to find excuses , believe that it did n't happen , that it was a conspiracy or are simply angry because nobody talks about serbian victims . 
  wounds are still fresh , and some have felt it on their own skin , so it is hard to look at things rationally without emotions . 
  in 50 years maybe . 
  why ? 
  serbs still hold grudge because they spent 500 years under turkish rule which was pretty brutal and cruel although tbh freedom of religion was allowed to the certain extend so we managed to preserve identity . 
  on the other side , a big part of turkish influence is still visible , in language , food , music etc. 
  no , he is n't . 
  i guess he would have bragged about it . 
  it is not a rare surname , lots of families have it . 
  like all other slavic languages we ca n't think without gender , every noun has its gender and verb declination also is different for every gender , even in plural ( different verbs for men played , women played , children played ) . 
  serbian is also one of the rare languages ( maybe even the only one in europe ? ), 
  to have digraphia , two writing systems , because we use both cyrillic and latin letters . 
  both writing system are phonemic , which makes it very easy to learn to write and read .
