  then compare that rate with historical trends like this list , for example : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_real_gdp_growth_rate_ ( latest_year ) . 
  without some big changes in a specific country 's policy , it is highly unlikely . 
  not many countries , in 20th century could manage to have high growth rates 20 years in a row . 
  he did n't have a flag by his name . 
  well , we are a pretty good supply of cheap resources ( labor and the rest ) . 
  it wo n't be that costly , but i do n't think we will ever join though . 
  double that . 
  i do n't see what 's the problem . 
  you already have germany as a member . 
  none of those . 
  not sure of official name , but it is called vlach . 
  i am from serbia , and i speak a romanian dialect . 
  pronunciation is a lot different . 
  real romanian sounds like italian to me :p . and also some words have different meanings . 
  same goes for democracy , it is good as long as everyone think like me . 
  oh , i ca n't believe there are more like him . 
  well , the prevalent view in economics is that if we let banks fail , the financial system will collapse , like it happened in 1933 in usa causing huge depression , hunger and unemployment . 
  but bailing them up every time is no good either . 
  so . . that is one of the dilemmas nobody knows how to deal with . 
  i understand why they did this , but the better solution would be to let them go , gain valuable experience , and then after 10 years , give them incentive to come back and do something valuable , like found new companies or bring new knowledge on the market . 
  they have no use of freshly graduated students without experience no matter how intelligent they are . 
  well , what happened in serbia is that all privately owned food producing companies just withdraw from the official market because they did n't want to take dinar currency . 
  dinar was losing value non-stop due to hyperinflation . 
  they tried to raise prices twofold , trifold , but state did n't let them . 
  they just stockpiled and waited for other opportunities , or went to black market where stuff was paid with deutsche mark . 
  shops were completely empty . 
  eventually state had to seize some of their food , so that it could give it to people in the form of rationing . 
  what i do n't like about democracy is that we vote for general principles not policies . 
  for example , i vote for party a because i like their education program . 
  however , after election party a forms a coalition with parties b and c , and minister of education is from party c which is the worst possible choice ever . 
  and who should i vote for if , for example , i like educational program from party a , but economic program from party b and foreign policy program from party c ? 
  well , i have different experience . 
  i have worked in organizations where bosses did n't tolerate self-guiding and similar worker behavior . 
  all they needed is to blindly listen to the orders and not question them . 
  and there are many organizations which are like that . 
  bosses sometimes want it like that because they are responsible for project 's success and want to have everything under control . 
  even if they openly praise workers creativity they wo n't support it or reward it . 
  i guess it depends on the industry you work in , but i would say that majority of jobs are of repetitive nature , even high skilled work like software development . 
  automated systems are not free and require investments , and since labor cost is going down now , it does n't have to mean that automated system will actually cost less . 
  and even if we cut jobs by implementing automated systems everywhere , people will lose jobs and demand will fall . 
  i agree that there is a lot of work to be done everywhere , but current system fails to transform that into jobs even in countries which have a highly flexible labor market like usa . 
  oh , interesting , i did n't know that . 
  so you all speak english at home ? 
  even if you are irish ? 
  in my experience , older employees are more obeying , never contradict to a boss , work more , and have more experience in managing people . 
  younger ones are more innovative and in touch with new technologies , but it does n't have to mean that they are more productive in all cases . 
  most of the jobs are repetitive process which can be learned in a month , not much of a productivity raise there . 
  truth is that there simply are n't enough jobs for everyone . 
  should n't there be jobs for everyone , young or old generation ? 
  well , people wanted change , and the choice was limited . 
  that is how democracy works . 
  hehe , in serbia it is same situation . 
  all ex-communists are now religious . 
  well , that is interesting . 
  but are you sure about feudalism ? 
  because vlach population in serbia who were also under those feuds are barely religious now . 
  priests have a hard time to attract them to church . 
  i do n't think that western pressure works . 
  think about it , can somebody force you to change your mind ? 
  you will change your mind when you yourself analyze all the facts and realize that you are wrong . 
  basically west should invest in education and better laws , but really curbing racism and intolerance is something that has to come from inside . 
  people themselves should realize that they are wrong , not behave tolerant on the surface because it is cool and west does it . 
  i am really surprised that anti-semitic parties still exist in europe . 
  well before we could afford to import western goods , so everything was good . 
  neo-liberal economic policies really do wonders . 
  heh , do n't know what did he do internally , but basescu seemed like a very nice guy when he was visiting serbia . 
  there has n't been a genocide at kosovo . 
  actually all of the serbs crimes at kosovo happened after nato started bombing , so nato bears the blame too . 
  http://noam-chomsky.tumblr.com/post/26155096049/the-serbian-atrocities-in-kosovo-occurred-after before you blindly repeat the same mantra everybody is go inform yourself at the hague tribunal about crimes serbs commited . 
  albanians even killed their own people http://www.globaltimes.cn/news/tabid/99/articletype/articleview/articleid/668667/four-kosovo-albanians-sentenced-for-war-crimes.aspx more reading for crimes against serbs http://www.scribd.com/doc/61171517/unmik-investigation-organ-trafficking-kosovo http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1338766/kosovos-pm-hashim-tha-mafia-boss-stole-human-organs-serbs.html http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2004_unrest_in_kosovo, 
  well , it is not only serbs and albanians . 
  there were lot of aromanians on kosovo in 18th and 19th century , but they all because of violence had to emigrate to serbia . 
  also , there are gorani , and roma who still live there ... 
  http://www.scribd.com/doc/61171517/unmik-investigation-organ-trafficking-kosovo http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1338766/kosovos-pm-hashim-tha-mafia-boss-stole-human-organs-serbs.html these were the first i got bookmarked but i can search you more later . . edit : here is one more they even killed their own people : http://www.globaltimes.cn/news/tabid/99/articletype/articleview/articleid/668667/four-kosovo-albanians-sentenced-for-war-crimes.aspx edit : i forgot this . 
  this actually happened after peace loving albanians took over kosovo http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2004_unrest_in_kosovo http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gra%c4%8danica_bus_bombing, 
  well , tbh , that usa move really did stabilize markets for a good time . 
  taxpayers had to pay the cost , but collapse was avoided ... 
  that effect has never really been proved . 
  maybe it is not her who is waiting , but her opponents ? 
  it is because economists are learned to look at macroeconomic stability as sign of country 's health . 
  they do n't look at crime rate , suicide rate or unemployment or whatever . 
  estonia is one other example of macroeconomic `` miracle '' , but people there are still leaving to work for sweden . 
  well , tbh , i also have an impression that there have been too many genetic posts on r/europe . 
  well , i think that physical strength is important factor as well . 
  man are just stronger . 
  well , this story usually ends at 8 years , when they give up school all together . 
  there have been lot of cases of moderators abusing their power and spamming on reddit . 
  moderators work for free , and spammers are motivated to get engaged because they do earn money . 
  poor roma , nobody likes them . 
  yup , same goes for serbia as well . 
  here government official are instructed to discourage someone to register as unemployed . 
  for example they would tell you : `` why are you registering here , we ca n't find you a job '' etc. . 
  so , they did n't learn it by now ? 
  wow ... 
  greek and italian, 
  for me , articles , in both german ( der , die , das ) and english were a big problem . 
  also gramatical gender in all languages is hard to grasp . 
  spanish sounds like easy to learn , it just gets stuck in the head . 
  so what do you suggest to read instead ? 
  i did n't downvote you , i just asked for more info , so i am not denying .
