  economics is about incentives not about insulting others who do n't behave on ways you think is right . 
  and you assume that they have huge piles of money hidden in their homes ( accumulated over years of not paying taxes ) and that now they are being able to pay those higher taxes . 
  in that case why they demonstrate on the street that much if they are already rich and have to give up couple of percents of their wealth ? 
  why are there so many unemployed ? 
  almost their whole system is based on a huge public sector and austerity measures will cause huge poverty and more unemployment . 
  austerity measures have never really had an effect , if you have analyzed imf success in other countries , you 'll see how it worked . 
  did they kill someone , perform a genocide , start a war ? 
  ever ? 
  sent bombs on a certain country ? 
  meddled in somebody else 's affairs ? 
  as long as they have a choice to change things why they should n't be let to discriminate , accept criminal money or have biometric database or what every they want in their country ? 
  yet economically they are doing great even if ordinary folks have a say . 
  you think those id cards are concept of big brother ( implying that is something bad ) , and yet you think that people should n't have a say in important life matters ? 
  what a paradox indeed . 
  second is much worse , really a totalitarian society and a paradise for a handful of chosen ones which make decisions . 
  i am interested , do you agree we should ban voting for all and to limit it only to educated or white people or people who have higher iq or atheist . . ? 
  how would you choose who has a say and who does n't ? 
  who has to be kept on a margin of society and who has to be put in politics ? 
  i imagine nothing . 
  it is not up to me or up to eu to decide . 
  they should be let to decide . 
  if the effect is pretty similar as you say i think that they should be asked if they accept it or not . 
  maybe they would rather risk with not being able to borrow and with their own currency rather then austerity measures ? 
  maybe somebody would borrow them money if they leave eu ? 
  maybe they could convince goldman and sachs to still borrow them money , or china or russia ... ? 
  maybe they could pay debt off in drachmas ? 
  why not ask them on referendum ? 
  it should be their decision , it is their life and their country , and they should have a democratic choice . 
  where did i say that corruption can be eliminated ? 
  high corruption is killing every economy . 
  how are they going to make as much money possible and pay debt off without reducing corruption ? 
  they would rather close down their businesses than pay taxes . 
  and it is well-known in economics that forcing people to pay taxes or to pay higher taxes is not good either for tax revenue or reviving economy . 
  tax reduction or stimulation are actually part of every economic reform . 
  especially because government is corrupt and taxes might not even end up in paying off debt but in politicians pockets . 
  yes , i agree corruption is a big problem , a huge one actually , and that is why greeks refuse to pay taxes , because they know tax money will not end up in productive use , but will get into politicians pocket . 
  personally , i would n't pay taxes to their corrupt government which lied to them too . 
  corruption is stiffing greek economy and all entrepreneur activity is moved into activities of evading taxes and regulations not into undertaking new businesses , opening new factories and such ... it is killing their economy.they are thinking about new ways to not pay taxes , not new ways how to make new businesses . 
  that means that there is something wrong with the current system , something is not right . . 
  if greece has to revive , they have to deal with corruption and fix it , but eurozone does n't care about it , they care how to take their money back and that is it . 
  would forcing people to pay taxes be effective or would it be more effective to make them to start believing in a system and voluntarily agree to pay taxes ? 
  we can argue now that greeks are bad people who want to cheat the system like most people here think ? . 
  maybe it is true , in that case let them have a system like american where businesses pay little taxes . 
  everything can be set if you listen to the people . 
  eu banks knew that greek government is corrupt and economy is stagnating , and yet they gave it generous loans , why ? 
  yes , i agree with you , that is why i think that their political system is wrong , there is too much corruption , and it should be changed before they undertake any reforms or such , because otherwise it would only get worse for them . 
  corrupt government even if it pays debt and forces people to pay taxes is no good . 
  ok man , obviously , we have a different view on people and humanity , we can argue about it until eternity . 
  i really do n't think that ordinary folks are stupid and selfish ( at least not most of them ) , and that they should be put under a boot , but ok , you have a right to think that . 
  what i think is that most of ordinary people are uninformed and manipulated . 
  and if you like other to decide instead of you about your life , it is your choice and i have no problem with that , as long as you have a choice . 
  switzerland is considered a country which system is closest to direct democracy and i do n't see that their residents are making bad decisions . 
  i would n't want to pay taxes to such a corrupt government which lies to their people and falsifies country data . 
  yeah , i meant to say euro-zone . 
  maybe it is not viable , but that is not up to us to decide or say or judge . 
  if they are ready to go out and face the consequences of not being able to borrow , why would you stop them ? 
  problem is that nobody is asking them . 
  they do n't have a choice . 
  ok , i do n't agree with you . 
  i do n't support that it is good to let other to decided instead of me about my destiny . 
  that system you are talking about is not representative democracy but elitism http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/elitism . 
  in representative democracy brainless masses still decide ( by voting , but they are still being asked , every vote is the same ) . 
  and couple of people choosing for the sake of whole country is just what led greece and other countries in trouble . 
  ordinary greeks were not even aware how much indebted they are . 
  politicians kept lying . 
  and you agree with that ? 
  do you think that is democracy ? 
  iceland had a referendum on similar issue , for example http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/icelandic_loan_guarantees_referendum,_2011 i know that there is an argument that masses should be kept in dark and not let choose their economic policy , but that is not exactly democratic . 
  and that same principle led greece in debt . 
  people should be presented with all options and explained all consequences ( of not raising taxes and etc. . ) and they should have an option to choose , because that is real democracy . 
  ok but why are they forced to stay in eu ? 
  is it some kind of place where once you go in there is no going back ( like hell ) ? 
  maybe they have alternative , how would you know ? 
  maybe they are prepared to live in a country with drachma and defaulting like argentina did ? 
  why are us conservatives against you ? 
  do n't believe media so blindly . 
  if you know what greeks are like go to greece and meet some of them . 
  on accepting austerity measures and being forced to stay in eu . 
  these debt crisis means that they loose part of their national sovereignty . 
  and that is not democratic . 
  that oil and grain was very helpful to us . 
  we could n't have managed without it . 
  he is still popular among some groups of people and his party is in government as well . 
  do you know that bombing of serbia is in nato circles considered a disaster , because nato killed more civilians than soldiers ( four times actually ) . 
  nato was hitting civilian targets a lot . 
  source : http://www.boston.com/bostonglobe/editorial_opinion/oped/articles/2009/09/24/un_report_a_victory_for_terror/ there is an article in the economist print edition couple of months ago where they call nato bombing of yugoslavia a disaster because there were too many civilian victims for any standard . 
  gaddafi wanted to create a reserve african currency which could be used instead of dollar and he wanted to renegotiate oil contracts . 
  hehe , that is interesting . 
  well , that is maybe good , because it is pushing you to constantly be better . 
  do you agree that estonia is really living the european dream ? 
  europe will need to put more pressure on those future italians obviously . 
  i have been told by some of estonians on reddit that they all want to emigrate and work in sweden , where they can earn more working worse jobs . 
  but this is a heaven for corporations i guess , they can make great profits with cheap labor , and i heard that they have low tax rates for companies as well . 
  if they are mafia and they want to enter , you ca n't stop them . 
  they 'll find other means of entry . 
  jeeze , and nobody comes to help . 
  our democracy is not functioning . 
  people are fed up with `` democracy '' , some are even calling for communism comeback . 
  corruption is so high here , that even if we get russian type of corruption , we wo n't notice . 
  and that empire aspiration , many would identify immediately , because of all bad voice serbians have , this would be a great way to channel people 's frustration and feeling of helplessness .
