  they must have military equipment ready to use , every country has . 
  plus i recall that they bought some military ships from germany before the crisis . 
  they can ask for some weapons from russia . 
  even if it lasts two days there could be victims on both sides . 
  i mean really what are we talking about . 
  that would be an occupation of a sovereign country and turning it into a colony , it would have to be done with military , and that means war . 
  the markets seem so calm ( but again who knows ) , i doubt that there might be some global implications , it seems that greece will be left on its own . 
  but it would be a huge blow to the project of eurozone . 
  everybody seems so calm , in serbia everyone will fight to be the first in line . 
  grandma 's penson will go to creditors , not job creation . 
  people might not be fully informed , but they are the one who will face consequences on their skin and their future . 
  they need to decide , not some bireaucrat frim brissel who thinks he knows better what they want . 
  plus nobody can predict future , everything is a gamble . 
  cool , i really thought he will cave in . 
  it is hard to be a good moderator , and unbiased on top of it . 
  and sometimes people try to be unbiased and overreact and do something completely opposite . 
  but , beside that , / r/europe always ends up with some childish behaviour . 
  now nobody would go to tunisia , and they seem like a nice moderate country . 
  awful situation really . 
  i dont know tbh , never heard anybody requesting it . 
  i was thinking for the things i consume , like drinks , food and stuff . 
  this type of investment is highly unlikely to pay off . 
  they have better ways to invest in weakening eu . 
  come on , russia doesnt have money for that . 
  this looks that they are slowly coming to reaching the deal . 
  and , so it just occurs to me now , larger vat means that me as a tourist will have higher prices . 
  putting some shredded cheese over the cucumber and tomato salad . 
  definitely makes sense . 
  young people will spend their higher wages on parties and travel . 
  they wo n't hurry to have kids . 
  i just think it is a different culture . 
  they have lot of stay at home moms who are proud of being home with children , while in europe it is frowned upon . 
  they also tend to marry very young . 
  because with lower pensions , pensioners will die faster . 
  talking about funcional democracies , there are lots of immigrants from afghanistan currently in serbia waiting to reach eu . 
  i hope they do n't get killed , and also that nobody gets hurt . 
  especially the bear looks so scared on the air-condition . 
  well , judiciary can be independent as much as you want , but not much of a point , if people ca n't afford a good lawyer . 
  i am talking here about benevolent dictatorship , not about authoritarian regimes . 
  of course they are not , i am talking here about benevolent dictator . 
  benevolent dicator by definition choses `` good '' productive activities for all citizens . 
  as for its successor , i agree with you and that has been said in the above comment as well . 
  i mean that is pretty obvious , the successor has always been a nightmare , if we look back into history . 
  but , you have to admit democracy is far from perfect , it has lots of critics , and actually there are many types of democracy , and the participatory democracy ( the true democracy ) has never been fully implemented . 
  the democracy today has been hijacked by big corporations , lobbyist , bureaucrats and etc , it can be argued . 
  so , basically when we have a false `` democracy '' like many argue we have today , one has to wonder , that maybe dictatorship would be better . 
  you should see how `` democracy '' looks in eastern europe countries , it is called democracy but it is its own opposite , and for that reason i understand these hungarian students for losing faith in it . 
  western democracies are also being criticized a lot ( for example , by noam chomsky ) , it is all far from perfect . 
  nah , that is the case with similar countries as well like romania , bulgaria , serbia , croatia . 
  population is dwindling fast . 
  the same can be said for democracy , you can never satisfy everyone , a nobel prize was even given for prooving that http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/arrow%27s_impossibility_theorem . 
  so basically a democracy is the dictatorship of the majority . 
  with a dictator , there is no resource wasting into elections , political parties , political advertising and such . 
  they can be forwarded into more productive activities . 
  just an evidence that education and growing up in modern environment is not per se enough to be a `` good '' citizen , one has to by psychologicaly strong , to grow up feeling loved and accepted , to have a support network by a family . 
  he is no longer in the list of mods . 
  move to which foreign country ? 
  serbs are native to bosnia , always lived there along with croats and bosniaks . 
  in croatia teritory they came in 15 century only because muslims in kosovo were torturing them , while it was part of austro-hungary or whatever it was called back then . 
  how did he become a moderator ? 
  was there a voting or ? 
  i always thought he is some 15 year old kid . 
  the kebab thing , the average serbian cares about islam on the same level as average german or a swede . 
  all of the conflicts we had were mostly caused by nationalism , not by religion . 
  how is it possible that he is the first serbian leader to visit ? 
  there was nobody before ? 
  i think it would be faster . 
  well , i see my country in a pretty bad shape . 
  everyone has left for eu , there are no people , social security does n't exist etc. . 
  are n't you already richer than serbia ? 
  i am not saying that there is a better alternative , i am just saying that his argument that entering eu will solve corruption is not empirically proven and pretty naive . 
  we need to look at things realistically and not believe in some paradise eu will bring to us . 
  we need to start solving issues now , and not think everything will get solved by magic in 20 years when we become members . 
  as for holding back , i think that eu 's approach to trade liberalization is not good for us , small countries from balkans . 
  we need to have some protectionism , because currently we can ` t compete with established eu companies , and therefore all we can offer to the eu market is cheap labor and cheap resources , which is not a recipe for long-term development , especially because the skilled labor will move away as soon as they get the chance ( it already is moving away ) . 
  our private sector needs help right now . 
  the good news is the entering eu will put a halt to all of those unproductive ngos where people without real labor market skills work . 
  oh , right , so that means we will be on romania level in 15 years ? 
  we have to wait 7 more years to enter plus 10 more years to give it some time ? 
  sounds like a paradise . 
  plus , we will have to protest even more , like bulgarians have to . 
  you are right , unfortunately , that is impossible to achieve . 
  sure , i mean it worked like a charm in all of serbia 's neighborhood countries . 
  dobro jutro , kolumbo . 
  there were 35000 of them on the last poll . 
  because all that helps does n't rich the poorest population , the corrupt official mostly take that money . 
  that is why humanitarian projects do n't help much , but it is a great business for everyone involved . 
  they sell all of their possession , everything they have ( maybe even a daughter or two ) to get one ticket . 
  if they were rich at the first place , they could easily bribe somebody in their country to get a better job or status . 
  it is mostly the opposite the rich ones stay home , while the poor risk all they have . 
  of course they are going to unite , it is two neighbor countries of same etnicity , language etc. . . that was the ultimate goal . 
  sometimes i think it might be better to reorganize whole balkans based on etnicity , that way nobody would make problems . 
  i doubt he could do anything about that , but he was very incompetent when it comes to stiffling corruption , it exploded basically under his rule . 
  switzerlands stability . 
  doubt it . 
  serbs are done with macedonia . 
  we can do it peacfully , through a referendum similar like kosovo did . 
  oh , god , how awful . 
  why would he want to kill so many people ? 
  many want that , but it is simply not safe .
