  some countries already have such cultural tests and immigrants do simply study to give the right answers . 
  there are even companies that provide training . 
  of course culture test would not be enough but it would be a good supplement to current system . 
  this test can also include situational questions based on basic human rights . 
  sure but moderates or even `` light muslims '' will take offense as well . 
  i can image even those who call themselves muslims yet drink alcohol or eat pork might get offended by the verses because they accept everything in the quran or nothing at all . 
  there is another matter that fundamentalists are willing to do anything to reach their `` cihad '' so they might be ok with lying to achieve their goal . 
  these people are twisted so much that they are willing to kill muslims as well . 
  i would say doing the test would be more efficient and objective, 
  sure but it would certainly limit a part of the islamic immigrants . 
  i am not suggesting to use only the questions but use it as a supplement to the current method . 
  there is no way to fully screen someone at this stage . 
  you have to compromise or cut everyone from that country . 
  by cutting everyone from that country , you are alienating even more people and making them more extremist . 
  there are millions of secular or even non-muslim people in muslim majority countries . 
  unless you read people 's mind , you will never be able to see a person is a muslim or not, 
  aptitude/cultural questions , questions that would easily determine whether someone is conservative in character . 
  if those answers does n't satisfy the country 's criteria , do n't let them in, 
  you know this website is just seeking attention/drama when you quote yeni safak haha, 
  turks are the most racist people ever ? 
  haha, 
  there is a little denial of the event . 
  a lot of people agree there were massacres . 
  it is the name and intent that is not acknowledged . 
  please do n't spread misinformation edit : at least try to counter my argument if you believe i am inccorect, 
  damn that proposed one is ugly . 
  looks like a high school kid designed it, 
  cem yilmaz is a national treasure for us, 
  perfect, 
  they are putting the fucking july 15 coup into the curriculum ? 
  wtf ? 
  then you can keep on bitching because that is the only thing you or i can do about it . 
  the fact is there are lot of problems in this country and greek rights or religious freedom ( unless you are a sunni muslim ) is not a priority . 
  denial of religious freedom is n't unique to turkey . 
  what ? 
  erdogan is like the founder of populism . 
  he started doing all these things 15 years before every other country . 
  this is my last comment to you :  you 're displaying almost astounding levels of denialism , and trying to push a false ultranationalist narrative . 
  providing counterfacts to your unsupported claims is not denialism . 
  if anything , you are the one refusing the provide any concrete evidence . 
   the fact that after your shocking behaviour you 've bragged that we 've not seen nothing yet shows that turkey has a serious and insidious problem of ultranationalism and hatred . 
  i have not bragged about anything . 
  just that if you think this thread shows turkish ultranationalism , you are simply a fool . 
  an ultranationalist would n't even talk to you . 
  you know nothing about turkey or turks beside your own twisted propaganda . 
  you are just a sad little guy who is clinging really hard to its greek heritage . 
  you have done nothing but mislead people in this thread , spoke hatred against turks with no fact or whatsoever . 
  the fact that you are not willing to compromise or admit you were wrong proves i am right . 
  the fact that you misunderstood my ultranationalism comment proves even more that you are set on with your against turks . 
  i do pity you . 
  really . 
  you are nothing but a hateful product of your diaspora . 
  do try to spend some time in greece and turkey, 
  education is fucked up for everyone so get in line . 
  as for the halki seminary , i agree it is held in hostage but such is life in turkey . 
  these things are problem for all turks not just greeks . 
  true . 
  image being anti-erdogan and seeing all this stuff happening in us and uk . 
  nope , just shows how clueless you are, 
  i guess we can say a lot of things about americans after trump or the british after brexit, 
  how are they culturally denied of self expression . 
  why would they get services in their native tongue when they are only few hundreds of greeks left and when did a greek got attacked by the government lately . 
   greeks are discriminated against quite openly by the government . 
  how ? 
  give us an evidence for a change god dammit, 
  you have n't seen anything if you think there is ultranationalism going on here . 
  you still have n't shown any fact or proof besides the poll link in some other comment and even that is not enough to support your claims . 
  i am triggered because i hate people like you who mislead the uninformed the fact is you are already assuming everything you know is 100 % true and whatever i or any other turk say will end up with you repeating the same old bullshit of how we are echoing . 
  if someone is echoing , that is you . 
  it 's very disgusting . 
  makes me lose hope for humanity every once in a while, 
   i 'm not `` spitting hatred '' i have no feelings of hatred or contempt towards turks whatsoever , i 'm stating facts about the pretty dire situation in turkey with regards to their view of their neighbours and people who live among them . 
  how is this even possible when you probably have n't been to turkey or talked to any turk . 
  you presented no facts whatsoever in any one of your comments in this thread . 
  you have done nothing but talked shit about turks . 
   i have plenty idea what 's going on in turkey , actually . 
  now we believe you . 
  you have n't supported any of your arguments with any data or fact, 
  very true . 
  there is a reason populism is very big right now in uk , us , and europe . 
  these are sad times indeed . 
   the treatment of the remaining greek minority in turkey is a disgrace do tell me how they are treated any different from any other turkish citizen ? 
  please do tell me why i am brainwashed . 
  you are the one spitting hatred against a group of people . 
   he 's the president of turkey and it seems like you 're trying to minimize it because you regard him as an embarrassment . 
  i 'd be embarrassed too , but you ca n't hide from reality . 
  it would be newsworthy if only he does n't repeat the same bullshit every week . 
  you are just feeding into the hatred against turks . 
   i never said that you 're barbarians , i made a factually correct statement backed up by polling . 
  what is this polling ? 
   i 'm making a statement based on evidence that is complete bullshit  why is the mention of the genocide of armenians , greeks and assyrians such a trigger for you ? 
  do you deny that it happened ? 
  it has no correlation or relation what so ever with the cyprus negotiations ? 
  i am just sick of pieces of shit like you who would bring up the armenian genocide to bad talk turks . 
  you are just looking for excuses to speak your hatred . 
   no , i 'm trying to say that hatred for non-turks and especially non-turks who are christians is something that is widespread across the partisan divide . 
  this is simply not sure  when it 's relevant , yes . 
  the past is the key to understand the present . 
  do n't be embarrassed . 
  it 's not relevant though that is the problem .
