   i 'm not an expert in the syrian war but they did n't have us military support from day one . 
  and kurds were n't that effective from day one either . 
  they were getting their ass kicked and crying for help from the western nations for quite a while . 
   what do you except from turkey 's western allies when turkish people themselves vote for dictators ? 
  did any specific us and eu action lead erdogan into becoming a dictator ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  in fact turkey was getting eu money all those years and was a de facto eu candidate until recently . 
  then you deal with the government diplomatically , not by going around their back and doing these shaddy shit . 
  remember , there is still 48 % ( probably more but whatever ) of this country that does n't approve the dictator but these acts by us and eu are not helping anything . 
  in fact , i would be willing to bet more than % 60 hate us and eu just because of kurdish support . 
   the us is are not helping kurds against turkey . 
  that 's very convenient . 
  helping kurds getting lands in northern syria where they are not even a majority is fine though right ? 
  providing small arms and training to anyone within the kurdish faction when it is known globally that there is a very good chance that it will be used against turkey is fine right ? 
  it has been proved that several suicide bombings done by tak ( or other pkk affiliates ) were syrian kurds but thats fine because they fight isis right ? 
  sdp literally has former pkk commanders in their ranks but they fight isis right ? 
  i hope you see where i am coming from . 
  turkish people will remember this shit for generations . 
  supporting kurds against isis might prove to be valuable in the short-term but you are severely damaging the relationship with one of your `` ally '', 
  the only reason kurds are the most effective fighters against isis is due to us airforce support . 
  without it , they would n't be able to do shit . 
  the only reason west supports kurds is that they have cheap manpower . 
  with only a promise , these people are willing to put their lives against isis so us uses them . 
  it 's a win-win scenario for us . 
  probability the biggest reason turkey is heading for more russia support is due to us and europe actions . 
  it 's simple geopolitics . 
  if your side does n't bring anything positive , they will go to the other side . 
  especially if your `` ally '' is working with your # 1 enemy, 
  true but its people are the same, 
  we did control them few centuries to be able to say `` back '', 
  i mean we are totally for selling some of those islands back to turkey . 
  it 's a win win scenario . 
  you pay your debt and we get back some islands to satisfy our nationalists, 
  it can be used like `` ahmet ` in sinirli oglu '' too though, 
  they think an union that barely acted to rescue greece from a financial disaster would send their own soldiers to die . 
  lol, 
  welcome to / r/europe, 
  actually is n't it `` the angry son '' ? 
  army is destroyed . 
  erdogan controls the police , judges , the government and army all together with a iron fist . 
  besides a coup would hurt this country for much for at least another 10 years . 
  also eu always bitched about the coups and gave support to erdogan in the beginning because of it . 
  edit : we have seen how akp supporters acted in the `` coup '' last year . 
  a civil war would start with the next coup unless 100 % of all military forces act together and actually try to bring down the government which is not probably and wo n't happen, 
  true but the level of absurdness is getting close . 
  the fact that a country once deemed the best muslim majority country in the world with a g20 economy would fall to this level is disgusting to me . 
  now we have the political stability of venezuela , philippines and north korea . 
  not a great group . 
  we would if we could, 
  looks like it :( north korea is a pain in the ass to asia and north america ; turkey is a pain to europe, 
  another week , another `` threat '' against greece/cyprus ... 
  you got any source for their origins ? 
  just because they were mentioned by certain authors does n't mean it originated from there . 
  greeks in this subreddit loves claiming for everything , jesus . 
  how the hell lokum ( also known as `` turkish delights '' ) have greek origins ? 
  modern baklava also had persian and ancient turkic origins so you can not just claim it for your own . 
  what 's more is that all those food were accumulation of multiple cultures and region origins so please stop spreading misinformation . 
   adopted by the bysantines , improved by the greeks living in turkey , and returned to greece with the refugees in 1922 . 
  i like how its very convenient that some how only greeks had a hand in developing these dishes . 
  sounds legit . 
  what 's worse is that you always get upvoted just because you sound like what you are talking about when in fact half of it is bullshit, 
  just because greeks were able to market the yogurt succesfully to western world does n't mean people accept it is originated from greece . 
  such a weak logic, 
  how did you figure out i hate turkey from my comments ? 
  i am not crying . 
  just responding to all of these stupid comments because i am bored, 
  just anatolia itself is worth more than your pathetic country so cry me a river edit : actually just incirlik base is worth more ... 
  you seem to know a lot about this subject . 
  give me some sources so i can read, 
  i have never claimed turkey was peaceful but or said `` we are not the bad guys '' . 
  learn how to read you dipshit . 
  turkey would never dare to attack another nato member who is also an eu member so why is this bullshit article is even taking seriosly . 
  its you pathetic arm-general redditors asking for a war every single time something happens that you do n't like in the international politics . 
  it 's a good thing people like in this thread are not politicians or head of any state, 
  since you seems to know everything , why do n't you tell me how turkish media acted before the invasion . 
  also comparing what happened 40 years ago to today is just funny . 
  it is a totally different world, 
  you are the one that claims international papers keep reporting on the subject but i have yet to see your proof . 
  you do n't have any idea how politics and diplomacy works in this part of the world and i do n't want to teach you anything . 
  it 's funny how you talk about my escape when you do the same thing . 
  just change the subject instead of proving me wrong, 
  you should play less games and take a look at how wars start these days . 
  show the constant international paper articles on the subject . 
  if you think people vote for their politicians based on everything they say , i have nothing else to say to you . 
  hahaha . 
  cyprus was a disaster for the turks ? 
  what world are you living on ? 
  if it was n't for usa , turkey would have streamrolled the whole island . 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
  do n't worry , no one is claiming crete any longer . 
  but these islands right next to our mainland is creating big problems . 
  especially with greece claiming bigger maritime and air borders . 
  he is a fucking kid who gets high from these nationalistic comments . 
  he would be first to die if he gets what he finishes . 
   nothing controlled by force is your own . 
  says who ? 
  the whole western society evolved through claiming lands and resources by force . 
  it 's how usa got hawaii or uk got their overseas territories . 
  and these are just some few examples . 
  no country in the world besides maybe north korea would just attack a nation and then tell them all about it in the local news .
