   and go play the victim card elsewhere , it wo n't do you any favors here . 
  do n't worry , i know how full of racist people is this place . 
  especially how anti-turk it is . 
   that 's rich , coming from someone like you . 
  what do you mean `` someone like me '' ? 
  did i say anything wrong or delusional ? 
  no or is it because i am turkish that you are so offended ? 
  no , you really have to be fucked in the head if you think two nato countries will actually go to full-scale war with each other in 21st century . 
  it would very possibly trigger a ww3 and destroy world economy for a really long time . 
  these greeks ( those who think turkey will ever invade greece ) are truly fucked in the head . 
  how misguided and delusional can you be that you think turkey has its eye on greece regardless all of our internal and other external problems, 
  yes yes , soon all off europe will be ours muhahahaha, 
  triggered, 
  dude , you know they are like dogs . 
  once you let the leash go , they will act like wild dogs . 
  typical comar behavior . 
   yea let 's ask the ss for their opinion of jews , they too have been living with them for centuries and jews have been in german politics for decades . 
  wow . 
  you are comparing the nazis to us . 
  i am done talking to you, 
   no , i 'm talking about kurdish-origin german citizens . 
  i was n't the one who even mentioned turkey . 
  kurdish people are still part of turkey and neighbors in near by regions . 
  kurds have been in turkish politics for hundreds of years . 
  we have much better knowledge into the subject than you as you do n't have any direct connection to the matter . 
   you 'll comment about anything you find detrimental to the turkish nationalist cause you 're a turkish nationalist afterall . 
  what we said is n't false and that does n't make us nationalist . 
   hating something does n't make you unreliable , hating something for the wrong reasons does . 
  you have pure hatred for turks that makes you biased about any topic that relates to turkey and turks . 
  look , i have been reading your bullshit comments for the last few months in this subreddit as well as others and you ca n't fool me . 
  you do n't know much about the situation yet you comment all the time in any turkey related posts . 
  at least ,  germany is home to the largest pkk supporting kurdish diaspora with a western secular mindset . 
  give a source if you are willing to make such a big generalization . 
  oh btw , just because there is a large pkk supporting kurdish diaspora in germany does n't mean a large portion of kurds in europe still hope for akp in elections . 
  you are talking about turkish-origin german citizens as well as turks and kurds in general in regards to turkish politics . 
  of course i will comment about the situation . 
  whereas you have a clear distaste for turkey and turks which makes you unreliable and biased . 
  i am born and raised in turkey . 
  i have nothing to do with germany wtf are you talking about . 
  i have been reading your comments for the last few months and all you do is spreading misinformation about turkey and turk-kurd relationships . 
  if you do n't know much about a subject , do n't talk about it at all or at least claim to know it all, 
  you have no idea what you are talking about . 
  stick to your own country news, 
  if being manipulated by propaganda means i see the hypocrisy of europeans and how they alter history for their needs then yes i am being manipulated . 
   i would suggest reading about your history by more balanced and widely-accepted sources , you might be surprised about a few things . 
  or , more likely you wo n't , and you 'll just reject anything negative as lies . 
  this coming from you is funny as hell . 
  i am not going to listen to a person from backwater country with questionable intelligence about propaganda, 
   it 's very funny to see a turk keep repeating ` go read on this subject ' when it seems all they 've consumed is turkish propaganda . 
  i 'm sorry to break this to you , but outside of turkey , your country 's enslaving , genocidal history is viewed just as unfavourably as europe 's . 
  never have i ever claimed turkey is seemed favorable . 
  but a bunch of europeans who did same or even worse than us have no right to act superior to turkey when it came to this . 
   i 'm telling you exactly why your country 's history is barbaric , and all you are replying with is denial of history and ` go read a book ' . 
  yet i 'm the one who is ` offering nothing ' ? 
  i am telling you we are not as barbaric as you claim and that europeans were a bigger barbarian to the the world than us . 
  ask any native americans , africans , asians  there we go !, 
  i do n't know why i 'm wasting my time arguing with a delusional genocide-denier , i guess it 's just fun to see what shit you will come up with next . 
  i 'm becoming bored with you though so please make the next one better than the last . 
  why is the label so important ? 
  it 's not like i am denying the whole thing happened . 
  not one historian was able to prove that the massacres were systematic and there was an intent . 
  if it was like that , everything would have been settled in court but here we are . 
  only countries with big armenian diasporas or that challenge turkey in political environment have accepted the term genocide without politicized research . 
  it 's not like i enjoy a conversation with a pathetic polish person either who has no knowledge of the world or even european history . 
  your naivety and level of argument are similar to a 12 year old . 
   the ottoman empire tormented the regions around them ( and regions within the empire ) for centuries - for much longer than european colonialism took place . 
  not to mention that the armenian , greek and assyrian genocides were carried out by turkey only 100 years ago . 
  go take a look at the genocides and massacres europeans have committed for centuries and come back . 
   are you trying to say that you held the empire for a long time because you were merciful ? 
  i 'm sure a greek or armenian would find that claim very funny . 
  all ex-ottoman nations hated you and broke from the empire at the first chance . 
  yes and historians would actually support that in a way . 
  a greek and armenian that gets taught to hate turks starting from early age will obviously find it funny . 
  but history is not written according to their views either . 
  go read on this subject . 
   yeah , some of the kidnapped boys were used to fight in your army , sometimes against their own families they were taken from . 
  again , very merciful . 
  the ottoman empire was truly a benevolent and kind empire after all . 
  i have never said they were benevolent and kind . 
  you are showing your ignorance on the subject by using sarcasm and offering nothing in return to my claims . 
   a turk who is in favour of trusting historians ?? 
  you are truly unique sir . 
  i wonder , will you listen to what he has to say about the armenian genocide ? 
  i have listened to historians and agree everything they say besides calling it a genocide . 
  please do humanity a favor and read a book about the subject you claim to know about . 
   turks are unbelievably racist and i am talking from personal experience here . 
  this does n't bring any value to the discussion . 
  you are making huge assumptions on a big group of people based on your several interactions . 
   i know your culture , and in my eyes it is a racist and backwards one . 
  no you do n't  i do n't have to like you any more than you have to like me , why are you pretending i want to talk to you ? 
  talk to someone who wants to speak to you , otherwise you are wasting both our time believe me with all the ignorant and racist comments you made nobody would like you anyway including your own people . 
  this place is for everyone to make comments and discuss . 
  if you are hurt or unable to comment further then leave this website . 
   stop thinking you are some kind of victim , you are turk , you belong to the most privileged people in existence , you have never ever ever been the underdog but constantly the aggressor , conqueror and invader . 
  you bully and bully and bully and then cry everytime something does n't go 100 % your way . 
  clearly someone is butthurt here . 
  every major country in this world was an aggressor . 
  hell the biggest reason europeans are some of the top countries right now is because they conquered and looted places well before others . 
  your own country ( greece ) were aggressor , conqueror and invaders thousands of years ago as well . 
  do you talk about your ancestors the same way ?
