  i am not even mentioning the coup . 
   then i show you that turks have been killing greeks for hundreds of years you ca n't just randomly show the history and say `` uggg they deserved it because we were weak enough to be controlled for more than 400 years ''  then i show you how hypocritical it is to even use that argument , considering how you still oppress and kill millions of minorities no one is actively and passively oppressing and killing millions of minorities right now . 
  or we have n't for the past 100 years . 
  you do n't even know the subject you are talking about  and then your answer is `` you are so mean !, 
  you dont understand turkeys oppression against kurds !, 
  its okay if we kill thousands of them but if they target one of us it is genocide ! '', 
  yes because you are ignorant . 
  you do n't know how many thousands of turks have died as well under different regimes as well as seperatist kurds . 
   ever wondered why nobody who borders turkey , likes turkey ? 
  its because its always the others fault , even when turkey does it . 
  erdogan is therefore also the perfect reflection of turkish society . 
  because everyone that borders turkey used to be under control by ottomans . 
  they despise ottomans hence turkey who they see it as a direct continuation . 
  yes turkey has some horrible foreign policies but that does n't mean you people are n't wrong as well . 
  you can continue to insult turks all you want . 
  fact is we are a better and stronger country right now . 
  obviously we do have our share of problems but that does n't mean we cry every two seconds about our neighbors with false or imaginary problems, 
   it 's funny considering how turks have killed raped and oppressed millions of greeks during the ottoman empire . 
  turkey is the most hypocritical place in the whole world . 
  go cry in a corner . 
  we will not be blamed for something every single nation has done for generations . 
  you people were weak and you were bested . 
  thats it . 
  bitching about it will not change a thing . 
   also , since when is oppressing others a bad thing to turkey ? 
  you have been killing , oppressing , raping and suppressing kurdish people since turkey has existed and according to your country and your people it 's '' to fight against separatism '' . 
  you do n't even know the context but just the bullshit narrative in order to attack turkey whenever possible . 
  i do hope your own minorities someday start a separatist movement that targets civilians and then we can talk i like how you changed the subject from cyprus to a whole another subject, 
   ( not the favorite state for refugees , but turkey is next door ) made it sound like turkey being next door is a problem . 
  anyway i agree with you but just strengthening the bulgarian-turkish border is , unfortunately , not enough . 
  these smugglers and refugees somehow find another coast , another border to get through . 
  most efficient way would be to stabilize their origin country but that is another clusterfuck, 
  should n't have raped and expelled turkish cypriots first, 
  i can understand greeks having to be worried about turkey since there is unresolved issues in aegean but bulgaria ? 
  give me a break !, 
  nobody gives a shit about bulgaria in turkey . 
  you do n't have to worry about anything, 
  are you kidding me ? 
  why did you give an example about sikh ? 
  muslims have nothing to do with sikhs . 
  do you think you will ever be able to keep out anyone that is connected to muslims ? 
  you will never be able to control an ideology , ever . 
  you can be as stubborn as you want but reality is as long as there are people with different backgrounds in your country , you will always be in risk of getting blown up . 
  and you will never be able to homogenize your country, 
  you should really read some books on this subject . 
  not everything is as simple and shallow as you claim . 
  edit : adjarteapot does a great job answering some of the background subjects, 
  do n't expect any sympathy from extremists then edit : you people do n't understand how terrorist 's mind work ? 
  they see you europeans as imperialists who came to their homeland and fucked shit up . 
  and now they see this hatred against `` certain group '' as a continuation of this imperialism . 
  in their minds , they are getting vengeance for years of suffering . 
  you will never end and probably fasten terrorism if this immigrant hatred continues . 
  ahh our weekly arm-general thread ... 
  thank god military forces are n't controlled by civilians otherwise we would have already wipe out our self long time ago . 
  i think what op said is correct for the developed world . 
  for turkey , it is the heavy old school propoganda that makes the same effect . 
  when the leader party controls majority of media , democracy breaks down, 
  he is n't pretending anything . 
  he is doing the same thing as you , caring about his motherland . 
  in the end , you using your flag is the same thing he is using netherlands flag . 
  i truly hate you armenian americans . 
  truly pathetic group of people, 
  ethnic cleansing was done by both sides . 
  calling it greek genocide shifts every blame to our side . 
  this is very insulting to us . 
  then use the usa flag not the armenian one . 
  you are misleading people regardless if it writes armenian american . 
  in the end , you are just an american, 
  if you people do n't leave your idiotic one-sided views then i will continue to challenge you dipshits . 
  fuck you too, 
  did you really just delete your comment and wrote a new one ? 
  lol  the fact that you ca n't see this yourself shows how far gone you are . 
  still deflecting to answer . 
  you can join trump 's administration now . 
   because this thread is n't about that . 
  this is fucking stupid . 
  do you have to whine and cry about `` what about the crimes that were committed against me !!!!!!!, 
  it 's not fair !!!!!!! '' ??? 
  you one talk about ethnic cleansing in the balkans , start your own thread . 
  do n't hijack this one , it 's childish as hell . 
  whole purpose of this thread is to spread their dumbass propaganda on a fake remembrance day that is clearly designed to shit on turkey . 
  it is fucking insulting to every single turk on existence to call our war of independence a fucking genocide . 
  any thread that might show turks and turkey in a little positive or right manner gets downvoted to hell . 
  why past to create another thread where we can argue these misinformations on the original thread . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/persecution_of_ottoman_muslims#total_casualties yeah ok i believe you since you are almighty greek who knows it all . 
  so the current armenians and pontic greeks were just magically revived ? 
  why do you think syria , lebanon , cyprus , egypt all have armenian and greeks in their lands ? 
  keep being naive and ignorant, 
  what ? 
  is that why you are always present in turkey related threads ? 
  instead of actually answering my point of view and questions , you are just attacking me . 
  be my guess since i guess you do n't know how to answer it properly also show me how i was uncivil . 
  at least 50 % of current turkey has lost their relatives and friends through their forced immigration to anatolia . 
  this whole thread is ignoring millions of lives that were ethnically cleansed from balkans yet there is not a single voice from europeans that admit this . 
  you can fuck off with your fake sentimental comments . 
  almost half of turkey emigrated and lost their relatives in the last 200 years . 
  so why do n't we have any rights to remember their loss as well ? 
  why ? 
  is it illegal to justify equality in history ? 
  you are clearly being a hypocrite by ignoring one side of the history while glorifying another side of the history .
