  imagine if their younger generation is like that , what would the older generation think ? 
   from what i 've heard from various friends over in turkey racism is n't too uncommon either . 
  i been to many countries and i got ta be honest racism in turkey is much less than any racism in eu or us . 
  yes there are definitely racism elements due to ignorance and low level of education but every country has it . 
  we have created this country from nothing and if need be we would suffer dearly to see scumbags like you fail or get destroyed . 
  i do n't give a shit about you or your country . 
  in my mind , russia is nothing but the capital of the world 's worst people with its one of the worst governments . 
   you fail to realize that it might not affect you directly , but it will affect your country and its citizen . 
  i thought you would figure it out since you 're the one screaming about turkey being `` stronk '' making it sound like you 're talking about this as the stance of a whole nation and not your own . 
  you think you would survive going against turkey as well . 
  i dare russia to put one soldier inside turkish borders and you will see what happens . 
  it will also hurt you people . 
  maybe not as much but it will hurt . 
  and in the future , we will keep hurting you asshole . 
  we gladly took your pathetic oil money for years and we will continue to do it so for a conceivable future . 
  funny how this is coming from a group of people calling the destruction of millions . 
  calling their government to nuke a country without any questioning . 
  calling their government to fund terrorists just for the revenge . 
  not even trying to think whether russia was in the wrong . 
  no because likes of you on the internet are nothing but sheeps ready to be herded by putin and his people . 
  that 's it . 
  clearly playing cs too much made you think real life is like the game . 
  well its not . 
  if we get hurt , you will get hurt too asshole, 
  he insulted me so i can say whatever i want, 
  i do n't have sympathy to any european redditors . 
  this place is full of people that they think they are superior to non-eu people . 
  full of bigots who are nothing but full of themselves, 
  damn you truly are retarded . 
  i do n't give a shit about you or your threats . 
  i am not in tourism so i could n't care any shit about some cheap-ass russian tourists not coming to turkey . 
  it 's their problem . 
  it 's nice that you are `` educated '' enough to do a simple google search . 
  go talk shit on your cs games instead of wasting my time here . 
  btw , it takes only 1 sec to see that you heavily commented on cs subreddits, 
  oooo i am really scared now . 
  go back to playing cs where you probably feel you actually worth something, 
  i am not suggesting nuking another country for defending its border . 
  but no you would n't understand as you are another ignorant racist bigot, 
  someone has to say enough and enough . 
  yes it was senseless as it everything erdogan has been doing is but it is no more senseless than fucking invading crimeria or ukraine . 
  or shooting down civilian airplane and still lying about it . 
  i am the fucking opposition so i know whats going on . 
  does that mean we deserve all this hatred ? 
  make no mistake , even though 50 % of the country hates erdogan and his people , those people will still defend their country to the end . 
  that is why when you or others insult turkey , you insult to every single one of us . 
  nationalism or patriotism is a bitch, 
  that guy is talking about burning my city and there is something wrong with me ? 
  man you people are delusional, 
  you are gon na kill 15 million people ? 
  that will be the end of your country as well as the world . 
  keep dreaming fuck face . 
  we have enough russian whores as it is, 
  people with critical thinking ? 
  russia ca n't do shit . 
  russia has n't dealt with an actual country since wwii so i doubt they will do it as well . 
  we can kill all your access to mediterranean within a second edit : to all the russian fanatics , keep jerking on as if thats gon na change everything . 
  just shows how pathetic you people are, 
  situation is completely different . 
  not only turkey warned russia few months ago , syria is a complete disaster area where multiple factions are all seeking their own interests, 
  if there is a delusional person here , thats you buddy, 
  i hope so . 
  not even when russia invaded ukraine , there was this much hatred . 
  clearly in the back of their minds , turks and turkey are still a natural enemy to most of the europeans ( at least those on the web ), 
  does n't fit the narrative with most of the europeans so this will get ignored . 
  after seeing all these hatred messages , i have no sympathy or whatsoever to you people . 
  you know you can warn people when they are close to your borders right ? 
  basic critical thinking, 
  funny because we have the same thinking against you guys . 
  greece thinking they have something to prove to turkey for all those years of `` repression '' . 
  not to mention you people still , after all these years , think anatolia and istanbul belongs to you . 
  as you can see everything goes two-ways . 
  as long as you do n't lose your way of thinking , which is blaming only others , there wo n't ever be a peace between us . 
  so do turkish people are used to seeing greek fighters flying low, 
  stop acting like a child and educate yourself . 
  it 's funny how you cry about your own russian airline yet no comment when it comes to the airline that was shot down over ukraine . 
  i am not supporting any action against the civilians but you people need to get your heads out of your asses, 
  turkey can play that game as well . 
  funding islamic terrorists or any rebels in russia against russia would be very bad for you as well, 
  you can not apply a general rule to aegean borders . 
  greek islands are so close to mainland turkey that 12 miles of territorial waters and airspace would limit turkey greatly ( which is why turkey does n't recognize the un law of the sea ) . 
  we need a special agreement just for the aegean borders . 
  actually most of the victims were not kurds, 
  fuck everyone of them . 
  they did the same shit when ankara bombings happened . 
  fucking ignorant sons of bitches, 
  counting georgia , azerbaijan , and armenia as an european country but not turkey is what made me pissed off . 
  as soon as the line passes ukraine , turkey should be counted as europe as well but whatever, 
  if the hills are n't killing you , the cars/people will, 
  was n't the reason that they bought wrong type of buses for the system ? 
  remember there were these buses that were n't even able to climb the hill . 
  i feel like no one gives a shit at the moment . 
  it 's funny to see the naivety of all you europeans here . 
  i understand that you are not used to read stuff like this from the safety of your position but world is not black and white . 
  you have to see that except the extreme left ( which is quite low percentage of people ) , all the turks are against pkk and their affiliates . 
  besides the extreme islamists , all the turks are against isis as well . 
  so just because a lot of turkish people in this thread are supporting the action of the government does n't mean they are supporters of erdogan . 
  i see all those accusations but almost 70-80 % of the turks in reddit are against erdogan and akp ( according to a poll done on / r/turkey ) . 
  we have suffered enough from the status of me and we are allowed to do whatever we see helpful for our self-interest just like all the european nations do for the last 150 years ( probably even before that ) . 
  just because ypg is fighting against isis does n't make them angels .
