  like turkey , they are too looking for their interests and that is fighting isis while gaining land as much as they can from syria , iraq and possibly turkey . 
  you can call turkish people what you want but you are in no position to say anything, 
  no way the opposition will allow it, 
  afterwards they would ban spaghetti lol . 
  and people would eat that shit up, 
  please do . 
  but you ca n't . 
  eu do n't have the balls to upset turkey whatsoever . 
  do n't worry . 
  i also agree with the most of the greek argumants but i also recognize that world is not perfect and especially international politics is full of compromises . 
  sometimes i fucking hate this subreddit because of the prejudice on turkish users . 
  always jumping to conclusions . 
  amount of hatred/ignorance is really sad, 
   i think they are lightyears away from fulfilling all the requirements and rules of the eu , food safety , production . . of stuff and so on . 
  do you know how many of your shit are made in turkey or by turkish companies ? 
  man ... 
  the amount of ignorant claims here are crazy . 
  almost everyone here are just throwing facts out of their asses, 
  how old are you ? 
   if you go across to the other side it 's like walking back in time 40 years . 
  thanks to you guys ... 
  did you ever think maybe just maybe some of us are from cyprus ? 
  you can continue to believe that and obviously things are different for the cypriot leaders since they are still having these talks . 
  invader does n't have to do shit . 
  they can stay in this position for ever . 
  however it is better for cypriots to comprise as this is the only way they can go back to their homes . 
  world is not black and white as you seem to think so, 
  you have to make compromises . 
  invasion is legitimized as it is since there is another country on the north side of the island . 
  it does n't matter if you do n't recognize it . 
  for the better future of the island , you can not pretend as if there are no people living in the north side . 
  without any compromises there wo n't be any agreement . 
  according to some people who are involved in this progress , there are talks going on regarding the things you mentioned . 
  for military obviously they will have to retreat but settler issue is a little bit complicated . 
  i heard that there is a plan that will involve giving citizenship to the `` skilled '' settlers as well as those who are 2nd or 3rd gen settlers . 
  actually it is expected that , if everything goes well , there will be an agreement in the next 3 years, 
  turkey is not also a whore, 
  i think balkan is much more related to turkey and they are to western europe . 
  hell i think mediterranean countries have quite in common . 
  other than the religion , you would be really suprised how common stuff we share, 
  what do you think ethnicity of the turkish people ? 
  as much as some people in europe like us to have a civil war , it wo n't happen . 
  stop the fucking circlejerk, 
  damn ... 
  lol what, 
  usa . 
  but actually its no one . 
  usa is only our `` ally '' due to similar interests . 
  trump is the american version of erdogan . 
  full of shit , totally incompetent and ignorant . 
  he is a populist leader who does n't know how the world works . 
  i find all the turks who are against erdo yet support trump as dumb asses and hypocrites as well btw . 
  i hate everything erdogan stands for and trump stands for . 
  i am a big supporter of globalization and these people are just going to fuck up the international politics if they get their way . 
  yeah hillary supports the kurds but so does trump . 
  trump is not a predictable person and he is as warmonger as hillary . 
  i am not a blinded nationalist that will support trump just because i want us to suffer . 
  because i know that if us suffers , the whole world will feel its effect . 
  i am a citizen of this world and i stand by my values . 
  i will not support a bigot , racist , ignorant no matter what . 
  yes hillary was corrupt but still better than trump . 
  i hate this year ... 
  actually akp supporters use kemalist as an insult these days, 
  damn , greek media is really determined to create a drama out of thin air . 
  it 's pathetic ... 
  if anything , these speeches are widening the gap between islamist turks and secularists, 
  do n't take it too seriously . 
  he is just showing off for his voter base as usual . 
  this does n't even make the headlines in turkey, 
  this is what i always try to teach people . 
  people in turkey vary so much in terms of appearance , culture or even religion that it is very hard to simplify a typical turkish person . 
  after 4 years of visiting this subreddit , i too have my pressure point . 
  especially you racists greeks have been pushing everything too far . 
  i am sick of getting called a murderer every time there is an international issue . 
  enough is enough, 
  i am not a dumbass that does an average country comparison online to prove my country is best . 
  some overall statistic on my country does not effect me or my surrounding at all although i would have preferred to be better . 
  keep your nationalist ideal as i am sure it will make you successful in your life / s. 
  these people are so brainwashed on their hatred against turks it 's pathetic . 
  i like how they diverted what happened to cyprus to izmir and then to armenian genocide . 
  always the same topics, 
  nice diversion . 
  check out massacres on turkish people in the balkan if you are also looking into it . 
  you and your country have a pahetic history and will be pathetic for a foreseeable future . 
  stop living in a fantasy, 
  why the fuck would turks burn down their own city they just captured ? 
  funny how only christians are the only ones effected . 
  good for propaganda i guess after the failure in anatolia, 
  yeah i am not gon na trust all those countries who have been fighting with turks for decades too . 
  victor writes history right ? 
  not to mention , jewish locals were much more involved than some soldiers sailing by near the city, 
  there are accounts of jewish locals in izmir that tells us otherwise . 
  shame your ancestors werent included into those people, 
  keep telling yourself that, 
  did i say anything about recognition ? 
  it makes sense northern cyprus is leaning towards turkey because they are the only ones that support the local population, 
  in what other country there was literally a civil war going on and then one side decided to do a coup to join a neighboring country without asking the minority . 
  you can rely on international laws all you want but as long as turkish cypriots feels threatened ( and they do ) , they will always try to protect themselves . 
  edit : you guys can downvote me all you want but these issues are always two-sided . 
  just because you do n't like how other side thinks does n't mean you can just ignore it,
