  see those forests all around the bridge ? 
  they will all be destroyed in 10 years . 
  same thing happened with the second bridge and all those highways ( tem ) . 
  look at atasehir for gods sake . 
  there were fucking farms with trees all around atasehir and now it become a forest of ugly ass concrete shits . 
  fuck all these construction companies fuck you akp . 
   i would n't want to live in a place where people can say anything they want about others . 
  as long as it does n't directly effect a person 's well being i do n't think there is a problem, 
  lol some people are mad at you for telling you the truth, 
  its the supreme power of being able to control the media . 
  if you have the media , you control how people think . 
  this is even more true in uneducated populations which is the majority of turkey, 
  izmir is indeed the most secular town however with the coming of akp , izmir has been experiencing immigration of kurds and conservative turks from inner anatolia making the city more conservative in some parts . 
  some parts of izmir is truly bad . 
  that tunel is literally on europe continent . 
  you are even more pathetic than i thought . 
  shame that people like you still exist in this day and age . 
  aww someone is mad . 
  such big talks from a guy that ca n't do shit behind his computer in his house far away from his `` homeland '' . 
  there is no such thing as a fair fight anymore . 
  for the last 250 years , there have n't been a fair fight ever on the face of the earth . 
  if you gather arms against a state , you will face the consequences . 
  never cheered on the death of the kurds , just those who are the member of a terrorist organisation . 
  keep dreaming your bullshit nationalist fantasies . 
  armenians will never get their precious mt ararat nor seperarists kurds will get their dreamed northern kurdistan . 
  that guy is fucked in the head . 
  his ignorance and anger blinded him . 
  let him be, 
  i love how the title was designed so that it would try to disturb europeans as much as possible with the use of `` counter christians '' , causing `` hundreds of thousands of more refugees to europe '' . 
  this is equivalent to a clickbait article . 
  not only that , there is absolutely zero evidence op has regarding the intention of turkey or saudi arabia other than his/her own opinion . 
  just because turkey attacks pkk or pyd does n't mean turkey is pro-is . 
  pkk and their affiliates have caused much more damage to turkey than is could ever do hence the priority of turkey is dealing with pkk and its affiliates . 
  good to know that there are as much as idiots in europe as in turkey, 
  problem is that most people are idiots and do n't know shit about economics, 
  hahah comparing two nations based on their football teams ? 
  pathetic, 
  turkey is as much as white as italians and greeks . 
  sure there are minorities that have much darker skins but so do russians . 
  i can never understand the logic behind accepting russia as european lands but not anatolia ... 
  you do n't need any iq to understand his speeches since their quality are very low . 
  nothing but personal insults and common fallacies, 
  just because they have the majority for the last few decades does n't mean they own those lands . 
  turks have been in control of these lands for centuries so we have every right to protect our interests which is to destroy pkk, 
  good, 
  someone once thought i was talking japanese with my friend ( who was also turkish ) and started talking japanese to me . 
  she was a american maybe thats why ... 
  only 1.2 % does n't associate with any religion in turkey ? 
  yeah right ... 
  we have those in very shitty places . 
  i have never used those in my life though, 
  of course . 
  hell it is quite common to have bidets in our toilets so we can have our butts washed easily, 
  let me know when it begins, 
  first of all government of turkey isnt buying the oil , local people do . 
  i dont support it but when there are asshole countries like russia , people dont have much choice but buy cheaper oil . 
  the reason i asked whether the guy was 12 years old was he was just deflecting the issue . 
  instead of talking about the aggressive actions of russia , s/he just goes for other issues . 
  turkey has done more damage to isis than russia has ever done so you people are pathetic, 
  good argument . 
  how old are you ? 12 ? 
  thank you, 
  i honestly do n't care anymore . 
  if you guys want to kick us out , go ahead . 
  good luck dealing with immigrants and isis, 
  shit i meant anti-assad, 
  it 's not my problem if you do n't follow international politics . 
  the day turkey is out , nato 's power will be at least halved . 
  thats a fact . 
  russia is the aggressor here by bombing local turkmen forces because they are anti-assad and despite bunch of warnings for the last months , they kept flying close to the borders . 
  because we actually bring value to nato by keeping an large relatively advanced army . 
  not to mention our strategic location . 
  without turkey , there wo n't be nato, 
  i hope so, 
  http://www.ibtimes.com/how-many-people-did-joseph-stalin-kill-1111789 just this link is enough, 
  i am probably more white than you are but ok if thats makes you feel good , sure i am a filthy brown scum . 
  go read a book you racist fuck, 
   nobody is gon na touch you on your soil as long as you 're hiding behind nato because nobody wants the world to get into ww3 except people like you . 
  good thing you 're not a politician , you 're probably just a farmer , or just a part of pin-striped masses working 6 days a week to get minimum wage and pay for internet . 
   thanks for a very informative convo . 
  it was really interesting to hear from an average turk that is able to get internet connection insult me personally all you want if it helps you feel good . 
  i have no desire to prove you anything . 
  clearly you are delusional enough that you think my country is only full of farmers and service people . 
  shame really . 
  at least i am not from a place full of genocidal maniacs with bloods from all over the world . 
  at least i am not from such a frozen piece of shit land that every single one of their billionaire try to escape their homeland . 
  at least my country 's women is n't seen as a possible prostitute by all over the world . 
  at least i am honest about my country and do n't suck putin 's balls . 
  if you think the average turk visits reddit you are a fool . 
  i am done talking to a 16 year old . 
  seeing all these comments on reddit , news channels and facebook just made me go crazy, 
   instead of being worse than how you see europeans ( you sure seem to be ) . 
  how about at least try to improve how other view turks . 
  i been to europe many times , had many friends from europe as well . 
  been to those model un shit in europe as well but you know what i got ? 
  hatred for turks . 
  prejudice formed all based on turks living in europe . 
  i tried to explain that not every turk is like that but nothing worked since most of them all were brainwashed by their community . 
  i understood then that no matter how advanced we get , just because of the past and religion , integration with the eu people will never happen . 
  and i just met the younger people from every eu country .
