  no one with a little brain cares what erdogan says about lausanne or aegean islands besides some pathetic greeks . 
  troops from cyprus are not withdrawn because greek cypriots are not exactly claiming to provide safety to turkish cypriots and turkish cypriots do not want to repeat what happened in 1960s . 
   no actually it 's the hypocrisy i 'm talking about . 
  what happened first is that the ottomans occupied the byzantine empire . 
  if you 're fine with conquering foreign lands when you win a war , why do you think the treaty of sevres was unfair ? 
  it 's nothing else than what you did to others right ? 
  i 'm asking you and you keep avoiding the topic . 
  byzantine fought with ottomans directly whereas treaty of sevres granted greece and armenia huge lands although they were never the major powers that fought agaisnt ottomans . 
  there is a difference . 
  treaty of sevres is unfair because these major powers ( british , french , italians ... ) were never in anatolia . 
  whereas muslims/turks did have origins . 
  yes some of their ancestry came from central asia but that does n't mean they did n't integrated with the locals there . 
   which is exactly what the ottomans did . 
  turkic people were not native to anatolia before they got there and `` disturbed the land '' as you put it . 
  do you honestly believe we are completely native to central asia ? 
  this is the result of nationalistic propaganda in your country . 
  visit turkey and see how similar our people are to yours then decide whether we are completely asian . 
  fact is majority of our ancestry lies on anatolia and surrounding reasons . 
   dude this is exactly what you said you were fine with , a few posts above when i replied to you . 
  you literally said `` so what if we conquered them ? '', 
  i 'm trying to understand if you agree with the right of conquest or not but it 's obvious that you only agree with the right of the winner when you win and when you lose the war you think that being occupied is unfair . 
  if you think that it 's not right , then you should also agree that what the ottomans did in anatolia was not right . 
  pick one . 
  i was fine with that when it was between 1300-1700s as did everyone else . 
  everything until the 1800s or even later is a totally different world than it was in 1920s . 
  people and human society changed so did my opinion on the subject . 
  problem is you people are still continuing that irredentism in 21st century . 
   you lost and the winning side could divide the land as it pleased no ? 
  britain and france could give all the land to armenia if they wanted . 
  why would you protest ? 
  why did n't greeks did the same when we conquered balkans and greece in 1300s ? 
  why did do you say its oppression and unfair that ottomans were in control of greece for centuries ? 
  see , this is the type of hypocrisy i am talking about . 
   should the byzantines protest if the ottomans decide to give part of the land to the egyptians ? 
  it makes no sense . 
  so why do you think it 's unfair it 's unfair because foreign countries that are no locals to the region came and distributed the land . 
  according to your views then , if a war start in the near future and greece loses it , are you going to be fine with the invading forces since it 's their right as the winners of the war ? 
   it was a turk that whined about the greeks doing to his people the exact same things you have now spent a few posts explaining was entirely normal and we ca n't blame the turks for . 
  well a greek was first whining about massacres in a war that they were belligerent so it is perfectly normal for us to call them on it . 
  you ca n't just invade a country and then claim `` oh they killed our people , so much misery '' when you are the one that started the whole thing . 
   why do n't you go tell him to stop tone down his nationalism and stop bitching about the smyrna turks killed , cause `` everyone did it , the romans , alexander , blah blah ... '' ? 
  cause you ' r as nationalistic as the people you accuse of whining . 
  we are not claiming we are not nationalistic . 
  we are just looking at the history from both sides unlike you people . 
  for some reason , greeks or whatever other minority at that time did n't do anything wrong , were perfectly fine with massacres and rapes of civilians . 
  it 's always the big bad turks that are the problem . 
  it really sounds pathetic and ridiculous . 
  you people are complaining how a country expanded for centuries when every single other nation did the same thing . 
  if you are bitching about a country then you should do the same to others as well but you do n't . 
  that 's what we call hypocrisy . 
  of course . 
  nobody besides greeks and armenians had any historical claims . 
  greeks and armenians claims were too old and had no substance at that time as majority in those lands were muslim/turk . 
  those people called those lands home for nearly 900 years ( probably even more if you count converted people ) at that point and lived these constantly . 
   at least they had a moral reason to hate the turks after centuries of oppression , all that the turks had when they invaded was `` meh , we can do it so we will '' . 
  then why do you whine about turks when they did the same thing in 1300s ? 
  moral reason ? 
  how old are you seriously ? 
  you got ta tone down your nationalistic propaganda a little bit . 
  do you think greeks would n't have oppressed their newly conquered places ? 
   remember that if you agree with that : `` so what we conquered those places '' , then you also should agree with the treaty of sevres and the map as it 's shown in this threat . 
  so what if turkey would get conquered and erased as a country right ? 
  well if you agree to that , then you guys should have been fine with ottoman `` occupation of balkans '' too . 
  literally every major country in the world did this . 
  roman empire did this , mongolians did this , persian and alexander 's greek empire did this as well . 
  some people assimilated some did n't . 
  how do you think your people came to nowadays bulgaria ? 
  this is how it worked for centuries . 
  i 'm sorry but your message here is just complete bullshit and naive . 
  lol what kind of a pussy ass comment is that ? 
  so what we conquered those places ? 
  do you think those `` historical '' greek lands were greek right from the start . 
  give me a fucking break, 
  fucking half of the country got suppressed or driven away . 
  greeks were n't the only ones that suffered under several regimes . 
  women in the turkish war of independence did work in supplying positions . 
  this woman most likely either transported or manufactured ammunition, 
  a good amount of people in turkey are aware of this as well . 
  this `` accession of turkey '' talks is being used as a political tool to manage turkey . 
  it allows turkey to stay in line with european goals ( mostly ) . 
  and turkish government can use this sentiment to show illusion of development to its own people ( just like what erdogan did when he first became pm in 2002 ) . 
  europeans can also use turkey as a source of blame for its own domestic issues . 
  in a way , its a win-win situation for both sides politicians, 
  again our weekly arm-general thread . 
  jesus people , are n't you getting tired of making the same kind of comment every single week ? 
  if you people are so concerned , contact your politician and lobby for kicking out turkey because at this point the issue is a circlejerk for you people, 
  why do you ask ? 
  are you in uk or usa working it for a chump change , kanish ? 
  yet lately even the word tanri is seen as a heretic/atheist word these days . 
  yeah sure . 
  keep believing that edit : keep downvoting me all you want . 
  there is a reason this issue wo n't be solved . 
  your lack of understanding and compromise allow kktc exist for a long time . 
  although i do not want it but if this goes on , that place will become a part of turkey after a long time, 
  how ? 
  did greek cypriots gave any reassurance on the security of turkish cypriots ? 
   so first you say `` shouldnt have killed those innocent turks in cyprus ( who were there because of colonialism in first place ) !, 
  killing innocent people is bad ! '', 
  you were deliberately showing the cyprus invasion as a one-side thing . 
  that 's why i said , greek cypriots should n't have started killing turkish cypriots .
