  it seems a lot of people here are delusional or idiots enough to actually spend time thinking strategies or scenarios as if there is any possibility for this to happen . 
  some of you are really as idiots as the people who printed that `` newspaper '' . 
  and then you ask why does turks are the way they are . 
  the way you people act like on internet is enough for nationalists to never trust you our your country . 
  i still remember how west called the opposition ( especially seculars ) paranoid when they were warning about feto and akp in the first place . 
  i mean bunch of people got also detained because they were carrying 1 dollar bills as 1 dollar bills were found in some coup supporters house edit : police and da even looked at the serial numbers of those bills and claimed any 1 dollar bills that started with `` f '' serial numbers indicated they were members of feto sigh ... 
  i know . 
  any turkish related issues with greeks and armenians are highly biased due to their nature . 
  almost all of them have one-sided sources or sometimes no sources at all . 
  give a proper source for these claims besides wikipedia if you are willing to bullshit for a sensitive issue such as this . 
  what do you expect from akp people ? 
  zero creativity , zero talent , full plagiarism, 
  oh it was allowed for sure . 
  even erdogan 's people have presented their evidences in regards to that . 
  but you wo n't see that in the mainstream media . 
  anyone with a little bit mind and research can see it, 
  he has been doing that since he got into the office of prime minister in 2002 but this time they are going full-force obvious brainwashing since the day of the coup, 
  even it is split 50-50 , that would mean at least 9 million in istanbul 's european side . 
  i am not counting other cities . 
  hey guys , just say `` yav he he '' and move along . 
  it means something like `` yeah right , fuck off '' . 
  not worth any of your time, 
  thats how it is usually in every city in balkans and anatolia, 
  it 's like he is stuck in the 80s, 
  it 's clear i can not convince you due to your extreme biased against turks . 
  i hope one day you will have a chance to visit turkey and see what i am talking about because you are severely mistaking . 
  which empire forced europeans to seek other trading routes that led to the age of discovery ? 
  how did coffee shops spread throughout europe ? 
  who forced immigration of artists and scientists after the collapse of constantinople ? 
  i am not saying we were directly responsible but we were a major force, 
  history : turks essentially were one of the main forces of european history that made europeans what europeans are today . 
  and i am not even talking about eastern europe influences . 
  geography ? 
  we have more people living on the small european part of our country than some european country populations . 
  i think geography is not a big deal here . 
  culture ? 
  give me a fucking break . 
  if you are seriously comparing us with hong kong then you are truly clueless . 
   also , how exactly is your way of life similar to that of most europeans ? 
  the way people live their lives are similar , their life priorities are similar , family structures are similar , what we eat and consume are similar . 
  what else do you want to know ? 
  russian culture was heavily influenced by western european cultures as well so in your logic , russian culture is not european either . 
  i mean , your country holds more than 100 ethnicities . 
  you have european and asian influnces therefore you are no more european than hong kong as well . 
   the very idea that turkey is european only appeared thanks to atat\u00fcrk . 
  before that , turkey was undoubtedly middle eastern in all but geography . 
  and judging by erdogan , turkish europeanness lasted for a relatively short time only . 
  akp is taking turkey on the road to becoming a regular middle eastern country like iran or lebanon . 
  read up on ottomans before you spread your bullshit . 
  it did n't start with ataturk and it wo n't end with erdogan no matter how you like . 
  please keep your bullshit on praising putin . 
  history ? 
  turks were part of european history for a very long time . 
  more so than russians geography ? 
  does n't even matter . 
  look at cyprus culture ? 
  we have a unique eurasian culture that has a lot of european similarities . 
  cuisine , music , art ... 
  language ? 
  yes that is different . 
  but it has been deeply influenced by french . 
  language also does n't matter in this day and age due to english . 
  our way of life is much more similar to europeans than russians are to other europeans . 
  turkey is practically very similar to italians and greeks besides religion and language . 
  our cuisine is very similar , how we act in certain scenarios are similar , the way we look at life is similar . 
  based on what ? 
  i do n't think russia is anymore european than turkey at all, 
  russia , georgia and armenia is included but fuck turkey amirite ? 
  it 's not that simple . 
  it was a double-edge sword scenario for chp . 
  either they could have refused to vote which would have them branded as pkk supporter by akp and nationalists or vote in favor of removing immunity showing they have nothing to hide and they are a `` team-player '' disregarding all accusations of being a terrorist sympathizers . 
  2nd largest ? 
  do you even know the world history ? 
  there was n't this many turks when i initially posted the comment . 
  thank you . 
  it 's nice to see at least one of the greek representatives on reddit believe in global peace and does not have a paranoia, 
  i was talking about the comments in this thread . 
  look at them, 
  i have been redditing for 4 years now and also visit this subreddit quite often . 
  this amount of dumb comments are increasing with time and worse case is almost no other european redditor go against them . 
  i am starting to think this is n't just one or two comments but a big part of this subreddit, 
  that 's it !, 
  i am done with this subreddit for the next few days . 
  as europeans you all should be ashamed of your lack of any knowledge when it comes to international politics . 
  you have so many access to many resources yet still be ignorant when it comes to geopolitics . 
  some of you are no better than those who elect erdogan . 
  same type of logic and intelligence . 
  just keep that in mind . 
  i am just glad that people who run eu and your countries are n't as emotional and ignorant as some of you people . 
  please stop playing civ or eu too much and get back to reality . 
  hmm obviously removing evolution is the same as declaring full-scale war with a european country . 
  yes yes totally . 
  if turkey had the natural resources and land mass , maybe i would have agreed with you but we are talking about turkey , a country that depends on trade and tourism . 
  please get back your senses . 
  obviously and turkey knows this well with the cyprus situation . 
  that is why it is n't even worth time talking about this `` invasion '' yet there are some as you can see that believes it will/might happen . 
   your comments , attitude and general ignorance are offensive . 
  i have said anything offensive besides that last comment to the guy . 
  did i hurt your feelings by talking realistic ? 
  i know enough international politics that what you people are afraid of is not possible .
