  the culture is similar as well . 
  besides that , it 's the southern europeans that greeks consider themselves similar with you have n't given me any example of how cultures are similar to italians but not to turks . 
  turks are very similar to italians as well so i do n't know what are you trying to get at . 
  look the fact is they are more than 10 million turks in turkey that descended from turks who used to live in balkans . 
  and thats just the genetic part of it . 
  again besides religion , culture wise we are quite similar . 
  turkey is n't some arabic country as you may seem to believe . 
   stop talking like a retard . 
  i have traveled in italy and central europe if that pleases you . 
  why am i delusional ? 
  is it because i disagree with you ? 
  so you have n't travel much . 
  figures as you do n't know what you are talking about  i have no issues with you . 
  i 'm just telling you my opinion clearly you do based on your aggressive comments . 
  they know it but they just do n't care . 
  yes some people may require acceptance from the europe but against arabic/islamic culture people are fine living in western oriented lifestyles . 
  also considering the fact that for hundreds of years turks have always been the scapegoat of europeans does not surprise us regarding europe 's opinion . 
  this trend of isolation and populism is really scary and it seems that europe is going the same way usa did . 
  the fact is we , turks , became a part of europe around 1300s and its gon na stay that way . 
  no matter how hostile europeans get , they will always have to interact with us so its better for them to understand turkish culture and create a mutual understanding between two sides . 
   your swearing at me because i disagree with your pathetic views ? 
  btw i 'm actually a very open minded person and i think you turks are a friendly people haha ok . you seem veeerry open-minded / s let me just ask you one question : besides genetics ( arent ' t anatolian greeks are greeks ? 
  wtf ? ), 
  and religion , tell me what are similar aspects of you greeks and southern europeans ? 
  you should spend less time on reddit and travel more as you are severely delusional . 
  you obviously have some issues with turks ( probably xenophobic against turks due to brainwashing but whatever ) i suggest you visit western turkey for a summer holiday and come back to this subreddit . 
  probably even more as chp had more than 28 % in the election . 
  not to mention there are few people that voted hdp or mhp who are quite liberal as well . 
  you are just a racist fuck who is rejecting the truth . 
  our culture is very similar , we share similar words in our languages and our fucking genetics are similar as well . 
   what small percentage ? 
  80 % of your country is in asia , cut the bullshit . 
  you are anatolians with a lot of spices added to the recipe , no reason to be european wannabes for fucks sake . 
  what does geographical location have to do with this ? 
  we all live in a same lifestyle , we all eat similar dishes , we all look and act similar . 
  damn , you are guys are pathetic, 
  if you actually think turkey is very different from greece , you are delusional . 
  honestly , the only difference between our countries is the religion . 
  that 's it . 
  this is not a fucking game . 
  those tanks are all surplus/outdated tanks that are being used passively to support fsa soldiers . 
   also looking at the map - bulgaria can blow up their dams and create huge problems in the european part of turkey for a while . 
  in the meantime , turkey can roll over half of balkans in few days . 
  these idiotic comments does n't help anything . 
  you do n't know shit about warfare including everyone in this thread, 
  it is posturing . 
  this is a classic akp politician statement . 
  all bark , no substance . 
  as long as greece responds to them , they will continue, 
  that `` tiny minority '' is more than 18 million people . 
  more than greece 's population . 
  this title and the article is misleading . 
  he is saying `` we all know what turkish military is capable of . 
  greek government knows it best '' he is referring to the 1920s war of turkish independence . 
  ( and maybe the cyprus invasion ), 
  do n't even try to argue these arm-chair generals . 
  all those balkan countries ' population alone is half of ours . 
  yeah ... 
  if you actually believe all 28 nations would declare war on turkey , then turkey will call all muslims on a war against europe as well . 
  not to mention russia or iran joining in . 
  a union that barely acted on the greece 's economic crisis is going to start wwiii over turkey , i doubt it, 
  you better believe russia wiould back turkey in order to throw eu into disarray . 
  in a unlikely confrontation , turkey will either get a backing from us or russia . 
  are you truly comparing guerrilla warfare with a potential war between two nations ? 
  wtf is your problem ? 
  look at iraq , afganistan where same sandal wearing fighters have brought down multiples of people , armored vehicle and helis from russia , usa , uk ... etc. 
  have you seen any erdogan supporters on reddit ? 
  in the referendum you do n't vote for a party . 
  this is probably the most important election in the country and you are being a baby about it . 
  it 's either yes or no . 
  dumbass bernie voters did the same thing and look where we are now, 
  you know you are part of the problem right ? 
  i am curious , do you live in turkey ? 
  those glorious mustaches clearly says `` ottoman '', 
  you can see the power of propaganda in turkey . 
  after july coup , the obvious anti-western propaganda was widespread thanks to the government . 
  a year ago , it would have been completely different ( with russian jet going down and shit ) bunch of retards ... 
  same group of allies that harbor kurdish terrorists ? 
  same group of allies that threatened turkey by cancelling eu membership for every small matter ? 
  same group of allies that praised erdogan arresting its own generals for bullshit reasons ? 
  same group of allies that threatened to pull their missile systems when diagreements happened ? 
  keep saying that to yourself . 
  clearly turkey 's claim is substantial enough that greece can not do anything . 
  it still counts as autonomy https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/early_modern_romania that 's a good link . 
  obviously nothing is perfect but it was n't as horrible as you said in your original comment, 
  since you fail to understand the situation ( thats for the borders ) : http://www.diploweb.com/the-greco-turkish-dispute-over-the.html  turkey hereby renounces all rights and title whatsoever over or respecting the territories situated outside the frontiers laid down in the present treaty and the islands other than those over which her sovereignty is recognised by the said treaty at the time of the treaty , not every island and islets were covered . 
  therefore turkey can still claim to some of the unhabitated islets near its mainland . 
  these articles does n't cover every single islands in the aegean sea . 
  google it . 
  no one is claiming the islands in the treaties as well . 
  wtf are you saying ? 
  just because its in your history books does n't mean its true https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_romania ottomans did do devsirme but not everything was as horrible as you say . 
  for years , what is now known as romania kept their autonomy and continued to prosper . 
  you are clearly exposed to classic balkan propaganda . 
  please find me the exact statements in the treaty of lausanne or 1932, 
  turkish sources also specify the place , distance and the time . 
  if you know turkish , you can easily find them . 
   also check what irredentist means . 
  then check what the treaty of lausanne says . 
  then the italian-turkish of 1932 .
