  so somehow we massacred the greeks for years and also we somehow gained greek and other local genetics as well ? 
  are you suggesting we were vampires and we sucked those genetics from the `` rightful '' owner of anatolia ? 
  whether you like it or not , not every greek were in bad shape in ottoman times . 
  exchanges happened on both sides . 
  converts happened in every invasion commited by humans . 
  when the name `` turk '' became synonymous with muslim , its hard to track people 's origins . 
  thats why it is a common mistake to generalize turkish citizens into one basic ethnicity, 
  before greeks , there were lydians , asyrrians , hitties , lycians ... 
  according to genetic studies made on current turkish people , they have all the local genetic characteristics including armenian , greek , asyrrian and so on . 
  in fact it was found that turks nowadays have more genetic similarity to locals of anatolia than the central asia turkic people . 
  basically we trully belong to these lands . 
  some group of people like to band us as `` mongolians '' and therefore we `` should '' leave anatolia but this is not true . 
  edit : i said this because like the person i responded to still believe they own anatolia, 
  damn you are pathetic, 
  true . 
  home to many civilizations, 
  no one is claiming anatolia 's history is turkish . 
  but know this , people living in anatolia now are much local than all those greeks in greece , armenians in armenia and persians in iran . 
  aaahha anatolia has more history than greece in every way . 
  of course but tourists do n't tend to go to conservative parts of the country anyway . 
  even if they did , since they are tourists nothing would happen ( probably ) . 
  i just do n't like my country painted as a backwards middle eastern country when its not, 
  those exceptions cover at least 30-40 % of the whole country . 
  ( which is a lot more than the population of greece ), 
  i just would like to say that just because we support the fight against the pkk does n't mean we are all erdogan supporters . 
  hell if you actually take a look at / r/turkey you would see that 90 % of people in that subreddit really hates/dislike erdogan and his people also  other sources have stated that erdogan has bombed the pkk kurds 300 times to 3 isis strikes . 
  erdogan is using the pretext of `` making war on isis '' to actually make war on the kurds . 
  erdogan still definitely wants to oust assad in syria and he is using isis ( and al-qaeda ) as a tool to pursue this goal . 
  yes erdogan is for sure using the current situation to strengthen his own position but in the last 45 days , more than 50 soldiers/police officers have died . 
  roadside bombs are everywhere thanks to some local government support ( paid with our own tax money ) numerous civilian and construction vehicles are burned . 
  a lot of roads and electric poles are decimated . 
  this so called `` freedom fighters '' are killing all the investments and utilities in the region . 
  how are these people suppose to represent the kurdish people by destroying everything in the region ? 
  its these facts that are not written in any western media is what bothers us . 
  if you actually want to make a news piece on this issue , at least put both sides and let the reader decide whats going on . 
  but no . 
  they all represent pkk as the single party that represent all the kurds and make it look like they are secular/liberal so they can get more sympathy . 
  these are the things that bother every single turkish citizen, 
  southwest of turkey is one of the most beautiful places in the world . 
  i suggest if you go to the greek islands , visit these areas as well . 
  especially bodrum , datca peninsula , antalya ... the amount of history you have in these places are staggering . 
  also the chance of any violence you would get in turkey would be the same percentage you would get in usa ( unless you go to the syrian border ) edit : why did i get downvoted for this ? 
  its the bitchy resting faces . 
  for some reason , the old people in these regions all have bitchy faces so it might look like they are disgusted . 
  if you wan na go even further , those 80s generals did it thanks to us and their position in the cold war . 
  so technically this is all thanks to us lol . 
  all because they did n't want leftist people getting stronger ... damn, 
  you mean hdp . 
  chp is the party of secular people, 
  you can also say a very good portion of the turkish people live in the european part of turkey . 
  in fact more than several eu country 's total population . 
  because then erdo and his team will be able to manipulate people using nationalism for the elections and stuff . 
  not to mention , the reaction from the international community would be very big as they have a hard-on for kurds ( in which they always seems to think pkk = kurds ), 
  sarma means `` covered '' in turkish . 
  you can thank the ottoman empire for that dish lol . 
  we usually say yaprak sarmasi for that with the grape leaves since it is literally meaning `` grape leafs covered '', 
  i just would like to ask what would your government do if a terroristt organisation which has cost billion to the government for the last 30 years decided to assassinate two sleeping cops based on some claim and then continuing to kill at least 1 soldier or police everyday . 
  its been more than 40 days since the suruc bombing and more than 40 soldiers/cops have died . 
  some of them were out of duty or with their family . 
  multiple car bombs and roadside mines have been detonated . 
  multiple civilian cars were burned . 
  constructions machines destroyed . 
  closed major roads by bringing down electric lines which supply the very electric `` their '' people need . 
  tell me , which one would be a priority ? 
  isis or pkk, 
  it might be with the arabs . 
  but it depends on the person really . 
  depends whether if they see themselves turks or not, 
  combining those people should barely make 1 million . 
  having ultimate control on media and religion can create wonders . 
  in addition to those , low levels of education also helps . 
  nationalism/patriotism is a powerful tool in turkey . 
  erdogan is playing a big gamble on his journey to ultimate power . 
  he will either destroy this country or get what he wants . 
  unfortunately it doesnt look good for turkey and turkish people either way, 
  you should redo your research as you are missing very important events that occured in the last few weeks, 
  we probably took from the persians and the slavs took it from us, 
  yes turkey did wrong in the past but i have never seen discrimination against kurds in my life . 
  this wrongdoings doesnt give any excuse to shoot down ambulances , burn civilian vehicles , assassinate offduty police officers while sleeping and so on . 
  for pkk related casualties just google it . 
  more than 10 people died since the bombing in suruc . 
  whats worse is that almost every soldier and police officer died were offduty or with their family . 
  they even call edturkish 911 falsely so that they could shoot down a police officer checking the area . 
  pkk basically gave erdogan an open check for destruction by killing the officers while sleeping . 
  and now pkk will suffer, 
  i hate isis as much as the next guy but pkk has killed more than isis ever did in terms of casualties . 
  and all of them were either assassinations or traps . 
  of course they will get their bombs, 
  the land they want is not historically theirs . 
  the only reason they are the majority is the absence of other ethnic people and very high birth rate . 
  every few year their demanded `` lands '' increase . 
  also a total of 40.000 from both side have died . 
  turkey has invested billions in military and regional development so there is no way terrorists will ever get what they want . 
  edit : also giving `` some '' land because few people there is the dumbest thing i ever heard . 
  how old are you ? 
  you can come to turkey . 
  google `` mavi tur '' , it is a great way to explore southwestern turkey . 
  plus you can visit some greek islands as well edit : damn r/europe you guys are pathetic . 
  i was actually serious with my suggestion . 
  turkey does offer everything greece has to offer and more but whatever .
