  i am not embarrassed for anything . 
  especially for what happened in the past and i have no control of . 
   there was a pogrom in 1955 , a disastrous one . 
  it would n't have happened if the chp had n't spent it 's decades in power turning a blind eye to previous smaller racial attacks and pogroms . 
  ahh yes . 
  sorry for turning blind eye to some smaller incidents when there were bigger concerns . 
  like building a nation from stratch . 
  catching up with the world in terms of development and barely staying out of wwii you know that sort of thing  do n't spin history to try and make it seem as if it was at all justified . 
  it was no more justified than the turkish genocide of armenians , greeks and assyrians . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  invasion was all justified per agreements between all three nations . 
  the fact that you are comparing genocides with what happened at cyprus is an insult to those who died in 1915 you pathetic man . 
   i 'm demonstrating that it 's not just the islamic akp ( or it 's predecessor the justice party ) nor is it the ultranationalist mhp . 
  it 's the entirety of the turkish political spectrum outside of some left wing kurdish parties . 
  hahah  no , i stated a fact . 
  turkish nationhood defines itself against other nations , that 's why it is so threatened by the expression of national feeling by non-turkish minorities like the kurds today . 
  you are sounding more and more borderline racist now . 
  turkish fucking nationhood is threatened when a certain minority terrorist group wants to take away a good portion of lands . 
  this would be threatening to every single country including spain and uk . 
   200 years ago there was no turkey , or turks at least not in the same sense as today . 
  there was the ottoman empire , and every muslim be they bosnian or palestinian or turkic speaking was defined as a turk and the identity of the empire was based around it 's imperial structure and it 's centrality in the islamic world since it was the seat of the caliph . 
  in the twilight years of the empire , a new identity for the turkish ( turkic , anatolian , muslim ) nation was artificially created and somewhat artificially imposed . 
  this identity is centred around turkish difference and opposition to/from other people 's in the region and artificially detaches turkishness from the ottomans by creating a national myth of ancient turkic lineage to the point of ridiculousness , like the turkish military defining it 's founding date in the 3rd century bc . 
  thank you for confirming that you are not right in the head . 
  i am not going to even waste my time refuting this as it is getting ridiculous . 
  yet he gets at least 19 upvotes . 
  he was probably fed bullshit propaganda by his father for years . 
  shame what brainwashing can do to you, 
   i have some remaining family there and the treatment of greeks is a disgrace . 
  what ? 
  are you fucking kidding me ? 
   turkey has all but given up on eu membership quite awhile ago , however it 's not just erdogan and the akp that has this sort of hateful and imperialistic attitude towards all non-turks from the region but especially non-turks who are christian like greeks , armenians and assyrians . 
  firstly , you are purposely sharing an bullshit article from a greek newspaper that reeks attention . 
  nobody cares what erdogan says . 
  he says these kind of stuff for years . 
  then you start to generalize all turks and somehow transitioned to how we are all barbarians and hate all christians . 
  i understand you do n't like turks due to your heritage but come on . 
  should i talk about how all germans are nazis every single time there is a news coming from germany ? 
  you are just generalizing 80 million people out of your biased views . 
   remember it was the secular and reformist young turks/commitee of union and progress that committed the genocide against armenians , greeks and assyrians in the twilight of the ottoman empire how is this related to whats going on with cyprus negotiations ? 
  what is your problem with the secularists ? 
  are you trying to say in every turk 's core there is a murderer who has a thirst for the blood of christians ? 
  should we look into a nation 's past every single time there is a political post ? 
   it was the secularist chp ( republican people 's party ) and democratic party that incited pogroms against the phanariote greeks who remained in istanbul/constantinople after the population transfers how in the fuck chp incited the progroms ? 
  pogroms started around 1955 and chp was not in power after 1950 . 
  now you are just cherry-picking . 
   it was a chp government that invaded cyprus and ethnically cleansed hundreds of thousands of greeks from their homes there . 
  ecevit had a fucking coalition with erbakan who was forced to act on the cyprus issue . 
  do n't spin the history as if turkey invaded the island out of nowhere . 
  now you are just seeking for excuses to blame the secularists . 
  wtf is wrong with you ? 
  you are deliberately twisting history to fit it into your view  the problem spans the entire political spectrum and it 's because the post-ottoman turkish identity is defined against other nations as opposed to the greek or english or german or chinese national identity which is defined by a shared cultural and familial heritage . 
  now you are just insulting the whole nation . 
  how did you arrive to this conclusion from eu membership in just one paragraph ? 
  congratz you solved every problem in turkey that nobody could for the last 200 years . 
  wow . 
  this is the biggest piece of shit of disinformation i have seen for a long time on reddit . 
  the fact that this comment got 15 upvotes is disgusting . 
  truly pathetic, 
  interesting . 
  lived in turkey all my life and never heard of the names eymen , hiranur and ecrin, 
  [ r/europe ] ( http://giphy.com/gifs/reddit-rshittyreactiongifs-circlejerk-uynmmtsh7ta6c ), 
  such a shitty map . 
  numbers and circle sizes are not related at all . 
  i hate random stuff like this, 
  up until few years ago ( and honestly still is ) that sea was dirty as fuck . 
  beaches are full of seaweeds and jellyfish . 
  for decades , sewage was being poured into the sea . 
  the type of people that use the public beach are truly low-low mid class . 
  people who refuse to use a bathroom . 
  people who go to the beach with their underwear . 
  people who are not locals at all . 
  obviously i might be exaggerating or generalizing too much but i believe this is mostly true . 
  caddebostan and nearby areas are too upper-middle or upper class for the rest of the istanbul population . 
  ultimate control on people . 
  you can see how classes are divided so well at caddebostan . 
  no one that lives around that area would ever enter the sea or use those public beaches . 
  this is true for all the shore line starting from moda to bostanci . 
  personally it is the best place to live in istanbul . 
  no different than any european city and almost zero tourists because they do n't know any better . 
  i am not going to give my email to a random-ass stranger who just created his account to justify its racist ideology . 
  i have done my own gene research and i am probably even more european than your sorry ass . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/genetic_studies_on_turkish_people notice how its 45 % middle eastern ( in that study , middle easterns were classified as druze and palestinian people ) and not arabs at k-3 levels . 
  in k-7 , it resulted with 77 % european . 
  an older haplogroup distribution study found that 24 % had j2 haplogroup which are typical of mediterranean , caucasian , western and central asian population ( georgian and armenians included ) and so on read more if you are curious . 
  but what concerns me is your obsession with genetics and the term european . 
  so are you saying that anyone who is a not white european is not considered europeans ? 
  all the african , asian descendants who probably lived in europe decades if not centuries are not considered european ? 
  turks have been in contact with european people for more than 1000 years . 
  more if you include other parts of the turkish people . 
  majority of modern turks are descendants of local anatolians ( including armenians , georgians , greeks , kurds ... ) and eastern europeans with mixtures of turks from central asia . 
  our culture has developed extensively with french and german influences . 
  therefore i would consider turkish culture and turkey as european . 
  especially if you consider balkans as european, 
  show me the source, 
  haha turks are as intermixed with arabs as are spanish . 
  get your racist views out of here . 
  at least have the courage to post it with your main account, 
  for a majority of people here : european culture means being christian . 
  thats the only factor they look at .
