  the problem is that people do n't know what they are voting for ( most akp voters are saying yes because erdogan asks for it ) . 
  if you do n't have any immediate connections to turkey ( immediate family or lands in turkey ) , revoke your citizenship . 
  it 's very easy if you do n't have any nationalistic emotions, 
  no shit . 
  akp is one of the biggest populist parties in the world that have achieved their power by polarizing the whole nations . 
  same thing is happening in the usa at this moment . 
   that ' a true everywhere . 
  even here . 
  that is why romania and turkey will never progress like certain other countries . 
  this is a big issue in all countries such as usa and bigger eu countries but these `` greedy '' people are usually balanced by those who care for other aspects of life than money ( hence close elections in those countries ) . 
  then these people will continue to suffer for a long time . 
  those who look to the present and the future will only gain better results . 
  at some point in life and time , people have to less rely on the past and work together to build a better future . 
   and what brought him into power ? 
  what created these 2 sides , that ca n't agree on anything and see the other one as the enemy . 
  i agree that wrongly applied kemalism is the reason for that but there is no point of return here . 
  these people will always play for their own group of people and secularists will never trust the conservative . 
   this has nothing to do with secularism . 
  it 's corruption and nepotism . 
  you 'll find that many akp voters hate corruption as well . 
  hell i think it 's the only thing that can truly unite a people . 
  nothing better than seeing fat bastards get arrested . 
  are you serious ? 
  akp voters does n't care about corruption . 
  look at how they responded to recordings of corrupt ministers and erdogan . 
  corruption and nepotism is gladly accepted by akp voters as long as they get want they want . 
   this is true . 
  this is what turkey needs dearly . 
  but lets not kid ourselves . 
  the '' secularists '' in turkey and other muslim countries , had little desire for independent judiciary and were more then glad to control it . 
  the last time secularists controlled the country was a looong time ago . 
  self-proclaimed `` secularists '' army generals desecrated the concept of secularism for a lot of people . 
   so what does this have to do with turkey ? 
  most of you are muslims . 
  there is a different between pious muslims who follow the religion to the core ( such as current akp voters ) and `` muslims of mhp , chp who are only muslims in certain situations . 
  academics , scientists , businessowners who bring innovation to the country are 95 % secularists in this country . 
  best schools , hospitals , biggest firms , most successful organisations are all lead by white collar secularists in this country . 
  that same distrust on chp for kurds can be applied to convervative akp supporters . 
  majority of these people are still talking shit about chp as if they were in 1950s . 
  chp has n't even been a majority party since 1950s but these are the excuses used . 
  yes there are historical factors affecting both kurds and akp votes but this should n't not matter anymore after all these years . 
  chp is going through quite big changes ( although not enough ) , it is still viewed as the party that dominated between 1920s-1950s . 
  this is ridiculous . 
  we have to also factor some group of people who only vote for materialistic reasons . 
  unfortunately some turkish people are still `` greedy '' as they only care for their livelyhood and money . 
  this was a big reason for akps start in 2002 and still is . 
  most of the akp voters still think big development projects  everything else . 
  i think 60 % of the people in the country do n't know the meaning of secularism . 
  a lot of them think of atheists when it comes to secularism . 
  akp government and politicians helped the narrative that way as they talk of secularism as a bad thing that `` gavurs '' use, 
  `` was '' is the word here . 
  there is no excuse anymore to vote for akp if kurds want to see change . 
  what you said might have worked for the first 10 years ( max ) but the last 5 years have been nothing but disastrous for regular kurds in turkey . 
  if they are still afraid of chp then they are not so similar from akp supporters . 
  the only good anglo-american secularism did was to give complete power to erdogan and his group . 
  now discrimination based on religion rules the government and some businesses . 
  some people started to wear hijab for financial reasons . 
  nowadays if you want to get promoted to a senior level , they look at your family and yourself . 
  if you want to win an contract from the government , they look at your network within a certain group and whether you are pious/pro-erdogan . 
  anglo-american secularism only works when there is a independent law and order in a country . 
  that is why it works in several western nations . 
  but i do n't think this is true for most if not all muslim-majority countries . 
  i do think this is due to how islam and christianity differs as well as historical reasons . 
  muslims learn to isolate themselves from other groups of people which discourages innovation and progress . 
  without a neutral ground in certain areas such as schools , hospitals , and some government offices there will never be a united turkey . 
  now you can blame this to kemalism in the early years of the republic but it is what it is . 
  tunisia is not even comparable to turkey in any way . 
  your argument only holds for western countries though . 
  for example in turkey , now that hijab is free , stigmas appeared where the islamist government officials started to discriminate and only promote or hire people who are pious ( who wear hijab ) . 
  this became apparent in business as well as some companies started to deal with only other religious companies . 
  or lets say if you want to win a contract from the government , your competent matters only so much as long as you are pious and not kemalist . 
  since law and order does n't work properly , anglo-american secularism will never work in a country like turkey . 
  this type of discrimination is really popular and it wo n't go away unless we either re-educate the whole population ( which is impossible ) or apply french secularism . 
  the only reason turkey is the most advanced muslim-majority country in the world right now is thanks to the french secularism . 
  without it , turkey would n't have been much different from iraq or syria . 
  edit :  if a person wears the hijab , does n't bother people with her religion , and does her job well then who cares ? 
  this does bother a lot of people in a lot of countries . 
  especially with corruption and nepotism in turkey , it matters a lot, 
  it 's nice to see casual racism in this thread . 
  sad part is most of you are not even aware how racist you guys are, 
  worse part is that western world is in the process of a change as well . 
  we are seeing huge rise of populism in europe and united states which is quite worrying . 
  one look at turkey should be able to decrease populism yet nothing happens . 
  i fear world will be a very different place in the near future . 
  i am honestly getting sick ( literally ) from reading turkish news . 
  the amount of stupidity , corruption and ignorance is off the charts, 
  you can definitely see the effects of bad pr and terrorism for the last few years in turkey . 
  nowadays you can only find arabs as a tourist in turkey . 
  taksim which used to be a wild and nice place has become little arabia thanks to akp and arab tourists, 
  turkey is still cheaper than greece so i expect a lot of russians and cheap british/germans will continue to visit turkey . 
  tourism in turkey is managed by idiots who loves to discriminate extremely between domestic and foreign customers . 
  they also heavily support erdogan and his goons . 
  most of them are all greedy . 
  i hope by tourism going down ( already has but they have n't learned their lessons somehow ) , they will see what is actually happening in their country and support those who will benefit the country in the long run . 
  just today , the travel agency association has gone to the courts and got booking.com banned because of `` unfair competition '' when those websites are the bloodlines of boutique hotels throughout the nation . 
  this is the type of mentality that is quite common in turkey . 
   do you think that tourism connects and pushes through more western ideas ? 
  nope . 
  tourism people are known to be greedy and shady af . 
  they only see money and nothing else .
