  keep being intolerant assholes, 
  if only ... 
  we seriously need to establish an agreement over aegean however it seems like this is gon na keep going till the end of the earth, 
  these are the same people that believe , in this day and age , turkey will invade them at any moment . 
  its pathetic . 
  no common sense at all, 
  those greek-cypriots who want their houses back have like 10 % of chance to get it back . 
  lets be real , as years pass by , it will be harder for turkish and turkish-cypriots to move away because they see them as their `` home '' as well . 
  in this case , i feel like time is against for greek-cypriots for a good deal for them, 
  we only know that he ca n't ride a horse, 
  also the fact that they banned several internet sites such as youtube and twitter wo n't cope well with the young generation, 
  shit we did n't have smartphones when chp was in power so all hail akp right ? 
  piss off  most of the turkish reddittors are young . 
  only weak and ignorant people use this logic . 
  you pathetic scum, 
  yeah obviously its not correct right now but that map shows the population during 1870s so muslim = turk in that map, 
  in ottoman empire , you were defined by your religion . 
  that is why you can find very different turks in turkey right now . 
  some may look like they are mongolian , some look like armenian , some look like greek ... so on . 
  there is no typical turk . 
  everyone is unique in their own way ( physically ) it is highly possible that some greek in greece might have more turkish blood than greek blood and vise versa . 
  at that time , it did mean muslim = turk, 
  that 's what happens when you have several countries trying to divide and conquer what is now turkey for the past 200 years . 
  people know that multicultural government does n't work in this region so they used the nationalism of people to unite the country . 
  just like every balkan country . 
  with also poor education , most of the people in turkey are now paranoid that any foreign country ( especially europeans ) have goals to dismantle turkey . 
  this is especially true after the gezi protests also this recent popularity of armenian genocide stuff is just helping erdogan grow stronger . 
  he will get a lot more votes from the nationalists . 
  probably an act to get votes from the nationalists, 
  what i hate about taking metrobus to go somewhere is that even the fucking elderly pushes and hits you in order to get a seat . 
  its like a fucking hunger games . 
  everyone is trying to get the seats like they are the seat of heavens . 
  also fuck the people that waits in front of the bus doors since they could n't find a seat . 
  people actually wait for the next bus so that they can sit . 
  lazy assholes, 
  that 's not the diplomatic passports . 
  almost every doctor and government worker can have that type of passport which is total bullshit because family of those doctors can have the passport as well . 
  bulgarians invented yoghurt ? 
  anyone who lives in turkey can clearly see the difference of 10 years in the numbers of imam hatip students . 
  they fucking closed so many anadolu high schools as well as primary schools and converted them into imam hatips . 
  its fucking disgusting . 
  yeah whatever you say buddy ... edit : first of all , if you are going to edit a comment , write `` edit : '' otherwise you are misleading people . 
  secondly how do visa-free travel help terrorists get around ? 
  should every country in europe close its own borders as they all contain some number of terrorists ? 
  lifting visa requirements will create more business to europe ( especially for greece and germany ) in terms of tourism and general business . 
  finally , you say you are a turkish student in your previous post so wtf are you talking about ? 
  millions of turkish tourists visit just greece every year . 
  image the increased numbers of tourists as visa-free travels is enabled . 
  oh i did n't know that it was common for all countries in the world to give out max 15 day visas for few hundreds euros in order to go to a freaking island which is only 30 minutes away . 
  i just want to say fuck you to those who are against my visa-free travel . 
  i am sick of spending hundreds of euro and many hours in embassies because i want to go to the neighboring greek islands or any other place for few days . 
  most of the population do n't even have their passports anyway so i do n't know what is the problem here . 
  if its immigration you guys are worried about , they do n't even care about any passports or borders anyway . 
  if one of them sets his/her mind to travel , they do it regardless visas or not . 
  we can argue the same point for almost every single ethnicity . 
  yeah i know . 
  it 's because you are automatically a muslim when you are born . 
  dunno about the average turk think . 
  at least 90 % of them would think all turks practice islamic values which i seriously doubt . 
  yeah but an average turk thinks turkey is 99 % muslim . 
  football dude, 
  average turk sees north cyprus as a spoiled child, 
  problem here is that cyprus is easily disregarding the position of turks ( does n't matter if its turkish cypriot or mainland turk ) . 
  this does n't bring sense of security to turkish cypriots . 
  also turkey still has some say in the talks so i do n't think it is wise to do such critical actions . 
  i still feel this was such some poor decision-making by the government of cyprus . 
  btw no one in turkey denies that armenian genocide happened . 
  why would they do this now especially in these times ? 
  this does nothing but damages the talks between two sides . 
  of course you can change but there are still a lot of peer pressure ( `` mahalle baskisi '' ) from people around you which is the main reason we are a 99 % muslim country . 
  tolerance in other religions or no religion is still not widely accepted by the majority of turks . 
   your id shows your religion . 
  will be changed soon to not reflect your religion . 
  does n't matter , it will still be available for officials to view in the database, 
  do you know how many beaches are there in western part of turkey ? 
  a lot, 
  why the fuck are we even talking about this ? 
  turkish government and turkish people know that we will not be joining anything in anytime soon . 
  i feel like european politicians are just using these headlines to create more backlash against the deal or just fearmongering . 
  waste of time ... 
  you did try once . 
  we can gladly let you try again but only this time there would be no more greece, 
  what is your definition of being european ? 
  i am curious, 
  turkish people have lived with eastern and mediterranean europeans for hundreds of years . 
  not to mention , there were definitely conversions of europeans into turkishness since until 100 years ago , if you were a muslim , you were considered a turk and visa versa . 
  especially western part of turkey is as much as european as are greek . 
  same with balkans . 
  if those areas are accepted as european , i do n't see any reason why a good portion of turkey is not considered european . 
  in the end though , our culture is eurasian . 
  we are neither asian , middle eastern or european thanks to ottoman empire . 
  also religion should n't matter when it comes to a discussion of whether you are european or not . 
   they may not be central asian in culture , but they 're certainly not europeans . 
  yeah whatever you say buddy, 
  where are you from ? 
  what i want is to decrease the number of people in istanbul . 
  that is it . 
  more investments need to happen to anywhere but istanbul . 
  there has to be a limit . 
  edit : also if you think traffic jams will be decreased because of this new bridge , you obviously have n't lived in istanbul or do n't know what you are talking about,
