  the fact that this `` remembrance day '' in on the same day of an important turkish holiday shows how classless and pathetic you people are ? 
  why do you call yourself armenian american ? 
  are n't you being a little hypocritical here since you seem to identify yourself with a armenia flag ? 
  are you gon na call the persecution of muslim turks in balkans after the balkan wars a genocide as well then ? 
  weird how similar turkey uses the same rhetoric on armenian genocide yet only one of them is called a genocide, 
  good deflection !, 
  you can now work with trump administration . 
  once again armchair generals are all out force in this subreddit . 
  i noticed everyone becomes a military and geopolitic expert in a turkey related thread . 
  good shit !, 
  of course . 
  he is definitely to blame but this manhunt with misinformation does n't help anything, 
  they were yelling `` biji ypg '' as well as holding hdp related signs . 
  these are all connected to pkk according to turkish government . 
  they also had the kurdish flag, 
  yeah they can . 
  they did it last year in nyc too . 
  you people are severely underestimating how incompetent and poorly professional these people are, 
  unfortunately it is . 
  anyone that is against erdogan gets beat up or even killed these days . 
  yes thanks to akp and erdogan , now every opposition is called `` terrorist '' . 
  however that does n't mean kck is not a terrorist organisation . 
  https://140journos.com/terror-attacks-in-turkey-between-2011-and-2017-4b5981c974ca here is a list of attacks by these terrorist organisations as well as isis . 
  http://www.amerikaninsesi.com/a/turk-buyukelciligi-onunde-kavga/3853601.html#player-start-time=2.546564 looks like he is . 
  it is really shameful how 12 protesters were able to taunt everyone like that . 
  shows how much kck is really hated by a lot of turks . 
  also not that i am defending the bodyguards here but those protesters were supporters of kck which turkey designates as a terrorist organisation . 
  for the bodyguards ( who have no discipline whatsoever and they do this all the time in turkey as well ) , this is equaivalent of isis supporters protesting trump right across the street . 
  i hope you guys can understand at least some of the background of the event . 
  lastly you can also see turkish-americans also doing the beatings as well . 
  welcome to r/europe, 
  we discussed this further on r/turkey . 
  those gastarbeiter are definitely the problem, 
  could be that its name is fucking wrong . 
  doner kebab is the freaking name of the meat and how its served . 
  at least come up with an original name rather than just stealing the word, 
  i did n't say they did n't deserved it . 
  the fact is they were successful as foreign power helped them a lot . 
  i was just trying to say turkish nationalism appeared due to other nationalism movements , that 's it, 
   and while i think that the authoritarianism can be justified , the turkish nationalism was a pretty fucking stupid idea in a multicultural empire whole turkish nationalism was a response to other nationalism trends that started in the balkans . 
  thanks to uk and other western powers ( since they helped popularize these nationalistic uprisings thanks to their supports ) , everyone wanted their own country . 
  literally every ethnicity within ottoman empire wanted to create their own nation . 
  multiculturalism did n't work so turkish nationalism became the focus point of the later ottoman government as well as turkey . 
  that was an interpretation of kemalism . 
  it was used by the power-hungry junta to implement their way of ataturk 's idea of secularism . 
  things were and still are much complicated than you claim . 
  although a military coup does n't look nice . 
  there was a time when leftists and rightists were killing each other on the streets every day before military intervened . 
  go read what really kemalism is before you spread misinformation . 
  the last time chp was the governing party , it was 1950s . 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  please give me a source that all you have mentioned were done or implemented by secularists . 
  i love how r/europe consistently upvoting misinformation about turkey because it fits their agenda well . 
  it is n't but will be when they connect to that undersea power-line from turkey . 
  northern cyprus has no power against turkey so it will happen at some point unfortunately, 
   does n't have eu membership and [ does n't ] have a great economy . 
  yes it was n't that clear but anyone with a little knowledge of cyprus ( especially a greek ) would understand what i was saying . 
   you mean to say that apart from illegal buisneses in from of casinos it has no economy whatsoever ? 
  and things that its not dependand on turkey it depends on republic of cyprus . 
  ie power as i told in my initial comment that northern cyprus does n't have a great economy . 
  also it is completely dependent on turkey for everything including power . 
  turkey just built a fucking power-line from mainland turkey to northern cyprus and even offered it to southern cyprus for a price . 
  why would they ? 
  northern cyprus does n't have eu membership and have a great economy . 
  not to mention , it is stuck with turkey for everything . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/muhacir https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/persecution_of_ottoman_muslims nuff said . 
  please leave . 
  see how easy it is to put shitty arguments ? 
   turkey . 
  so the more turks want to go to greece it 's true . 
  greece is actually cheaper for us turks since turkish hotels essentially scam us with higher prices compared to international tourists . 
   you do realize that they 're getting helped against isis ? 
  there are other ways to fight against isis . 
  just because they fight against isis does n't mean turn a blind eye to their seperatist actions from turkey , iran , and syria . 
  not only they want their own country but they also want a lot of lands that were n't even historically or now majority kurdish . 
   you seem to be so sure that the help the kurds are getting is going to be turned against turkey eventually . 
  this is what erdogan probably says to move turkey away from nato . 
  what is evident is that turkey is going for closer cooperation with russia while the kurds are going for closer cooperation with the us . 
  they worship apo for gods sake . 
  a guy who terrorized turkey for 30 years . 
  they follow his words and they openly want to create kurdistan from turkey . 
  use of pkk soldiers or commanders in syria itself is troubling as it is . 
  whether they turn against turkey actively or not , creation of kurdistan will create a buffer zone for pkk . 
  `` syrian kurdistan '' will act as a heaven to these seperatists/terrorists . 
  even before syrian civil war started , pkk soldiers used to roam freely around syrian and iraqi borders . 
  they would cross the border , attack their objective ( usually by ambushing or planting ieds ) then go back to either syria or iraq ( sometimes even iran ) . 
  now tell me how kurds are not gon na be a national security issue for turkey if they achieve their goals i do n't like this direction with russia anymore than you do . 
  but kurds were getting closer to us much before turks were going closer with russia . 
  first of all , i do n't support these actions done by the turkish government . 
  i am just trying to explain to you people the mindset of the majority supporters of akp and mhp ( although some of their logic makes sense ) . 
  if us takes their nukes back , i am sure russia or china would be happy to put their own to turkey if relationships are solid enough . 
  `` the most powerful bloc '' does n't have a good reputation in turkey any longer so turkish government does n't give a shit anymore . 
  not to mention they are idiots . 
  greece , although they are seen as a rival/enemy country , does n't scare turkey at all . 
  greece might have been a strong opponent in the 1980s but these days , assuming no support from other nations , greece ca n't do much to turkey . 
  do you actually think the whole eu and nato would be willing to go to war against turkey in a event of greece-turkey war . 
  this is how wwiii starts . 
  that 's how world economy crashes . 
  that 's how we go back to stone age . 
  as soon as the alliance supports greece , russia and china would be inclined to support turkey because thats how it always worked .
