those who said no to turkey do n't know what they are missing ? 
  great beaches , hotels , historical locations , ancient ruins , ancient cities ... shame really, 
  the amount of hypocrites here is amazing . 
  how the hell kazakhstan is considered an european land and turkey is not ? 
  how are they culturally european ? 
  what ... 
  what does the presidency have to do with roads exactly ? 
  yes as more money came to the country , roads became much better . 
  however you can not use that excuse to vote for the guy . 
  did he personally paid and build the roads ? 
  this terrorist group they are showing is not even the 1 % of the city . 
  very small number of people support them, 
  after more than 500 years , it is kinda pathetic to wish/hope that . 
  i mean we are talking about invading a place where 15 million people live . 
  unless greeks decide to hold the biggest genocide in the world ( even bigger than holocaust ) , they wo n't retake istanbul, 
  yup , you can get roc passport if you prove your cypriot ancestry . 
  it takes a little long but if you are patient enough and have a ancestry to the island before the invasion , you can get roc passport and id, 
  i like how there are some number of people here that did n't know anything about the situation of the cyprus invasion but would instantly use this issue as a reason to bash turkey ( especially to make turkey look bad ) instead of starting to blaming turkey directly , why do n't anyone criticize the cypriot government for not trying to achieve a reunion . 
  it looks like everything cypriot government does is selfish and for the only benefit of the greek cypriots . 
  they must give a reason for turkish cypriots to trust them in order to achieve a reunion . 
  everyday more time passes and two sides are getting more hostile . 
  old greek/turkish cypriots used to know both languages and communicate it each other quite easily . 
  in fact i believe they were quite similar except their religion and some religious culture . 
  a reunion ould certainly effect both sides positively . 
  also check out this link : http://www.tsk.tr/8_tarihten_kesitler/8_6_kibris_baris_harekati_fotograflari/kibris.htm as goshuk mentioned let us know if you need any translations edit : at least respond to my comment before downvoting to the bottom so at least i would know where i am in wrong, 
  its true, 
  actually turkish cypriots are suffering more due to blockades and embargoes, 
  if erdogan comes to power , he will change the system to a presidential system which will give him more power . 
  looks like it, 
  why ? 
  fuck erdogan and his people . 
  at least half of the country definitely agrees with me . 
  i am not some retard to support this guy after all he has done for the last 4 years just because he is the prime minister . 
  him and his cabinet should be charged with corruption and treason . 
  just because i do n't like the person who is on charge with our country does n't mean i hate myself . 
  he is damaging this country and he is an egoist as well as corrupt . 
  i as well as others can call him whatever we want . 
  he does n't present the turks . 
  i can say worse things to him if you like . 
  for fast food purposes , we would go with durum doner . 
  i was just saying these things to give an idea of the turkish cuisine which i think everyone should try in their lives . 
  unfortunately not many people know these stuffs, 
  i said that based on what people were talking about here . 
  i dunno about every single person in turkey but the durum doner i eat does n't have any vegetable at all . 
  its full of doner , french fries and pickles . 
  there is no sauce . 
  instead we drink ayran edit : after all these talks about doner . 
  i am going to get some today . 
  that 's because we all lived together for so long . 
  we eventually combined every single cuisine and came to this point . 
  especially greek , armenian and turkish cuisines are very similar for that reason . 
  there are some differences based on local taste but generally there are a lot of similarity . 
  honestly this is n't just cuisine . 
  if you set aside religion , we are a lot close culturally than any other nation for that same reason . 
  for example , western turkey is very similar to greek islands in terms of lifestyle and cuisine . 
  if you look at eastern turkey , you will see people they are very similar to armenians/iranians/syrians / iraqis ( depending on their location and where they are close to ) careful though , ayran with any meat will make you sleepily as hell . 
  do n't drink it unless you do n't plan to do much afterwards . 
  disclamer : this is all based on my experiences and impressions . 
  whatever ... if you want to live in the past , be my guest . 
  with that attitude of yours , you will miss out a lot of great things in this life . 
  you do n't have to live with hatred , life is too short for that . 
  shame . 
  you are missing a lot of good food, 
  you guys should try iskender kebab or adana kebab at least once . 
  granted its not exactly `` fast food '' but it is delicious . 
  best iskender can be found in bursa or istanbul . 
  also i would like to note that nobody in turkey eats `` doner kebab '' like the ones in europe . 
  we rather have durum doner ( doner wrapped with flatbread ) or pilav ustu doner ( doner with rice ) . 
  doner means the meat that turns ( [ pic ] ( http://tr.wikipedia.org/wiki/dosya:d%c3%b6ner_kebab_slicing.jpg ) , so that is why tourists might get disappointed in turkey if you order `` doner kebab '' and get something different . 
  i suggest a name change for `` doner kebab '' to avoid confusion . 
  also we have different varieties of kofte 's which should be tried by everyone . 
  there is sultanahmet koftesi , tekirdag koftesi , inegol kofte , kadinbudu kofte , akcaabat kofte ... 
  there are literally hundreds of different styles and each is different as well as delicious . 
  ekmek arasi kofte ( basically meatball sandwich ) can be also found in the streets of turkey . 
  kokorec is also a popular drunk food in turkey . 
  if you do n't like kebabs , i suggest borek . 
  again there are many variations . 
  neighbouring countries will have similar meals . 
  i suggest sigara boregi , su boregi ( with either cheese , meat , pastirma ... ) , puf boregi ... 
  honestly we have many types of meals . 
  you all need to check it out : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkish_cuisine lastly you should drink ayran with any kebab . 
  that is the ultimate combination . 
  source : turkish guy who loves to eat food . 
  edit : i forgot lahmacun . 
  it is very good if you can find a decent restraurant . 
  i know other nations have this as well . 
  i know but this is getting ridiculous . 
  we are in the 21st century and we need to let these things go . 
  it is such a immature and pathetic way to solve problems ( as if it achieves anything ) . 
  thanks to those `` agents '' , i was able to see what was going on last year at gezi protests when no other channels covered it . 
  my only response to his call is ahahahaha . 
  fucking dumbass ... funny thing is there are so many idiots believing that the whole world is out to get turkey , they actually believe this guy . 
  its pathetic . 
  you do realize , greeks are very close to turks culturally ( except religion ) . 
  sounds like you have n't met any turk . 
  and how the hell is it illegal to `` claim '' the lands we lived in for more than 700 years . 
  not to mention , you do n't even know the ethnicity of the turkish people . 
  current turkish people have probably more right than you to live in these lands . 
  you guys ( ultra greek nationalists ) are as pathetic as the ottoman-sympathizers here . 
  stop living in the past .
