  all those countries did n't try to slaughter their own minorities and then join a neighboring country via coup . 
  turkish cypriots just do n't trust greek cypriots for obvious reasons . 
  the longer they stay seperated , worse it will get . 
  how the fuck do you think they can afford to stay independent when turkey is the only one who recognises them and gives them money, 
  everyone with a little sense know what a shithole sabah is . 
  a paper that is designed to brainwash people, 
  kurdish is rhe native language there just like turkish is the native language of berlin . 
  more than half of that white area consists majority of turks or at least 50 % . 
  why the hell turkey is divided ? 
  locals in the southeast know turkish as much as they know kurdish . 
  i do n't think he was sarcastic . 
  check his/her reply, 
  this subreddit is getting out of control in terms of nationalism . 
  this hatred against turks is just not healthy and pathetic, 
  [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/gallery/2mcoid7 ) is how i see what 's happening behind these threads when either turks or europeans talk about their distant past to support their xenophobic ideals . 
  these people think they know turks better than turks themselves . 
  quite sad really ... 
  turkey is but not the current government . 
   we 're not some irrelevant asian country . 
  we are in nato and if usa indeed knew about the coup but did not tip us of it means that they were also okay with coup being successful . 
  you need to reassess the importance of turkey to usa . 
  also take a look at what has been going on between turkey and usa for the last 5 years . 
  finally take a look at what was turkey 's foreign policy for the last few years . 
  do these and you will get your answer, 
  you would only play into the hands of isis . 
  their recruitment will grow exponentially once countries start to ban muslims . 
  not to mention , what about your local muslims ? 
  what if they get radicalized ? 
  good thing you guys are not in control of any countries otherwise we would have a world war every few years edit : i meant you redditors . 
  commenting through pure emotion and no brains, 
  you would be suprised what nationalism can do to anyone including those who are educated, 
  usually turks who are fairly educated and/or secular do n't have any problem with jews or israelis, 
  yeah but there were and are a lot of ignorants/idiots in turkey . 
  especially conservatives were always against israel since they dont know anythinf better than `` jewws are natural enemies of muslims '', 
  this fucking guy is all talk and nothing else . 
  after all this fuck up , the fact that he is still in power shows how much fucked our `` democracy '' is, 
  have you seen the your state 's claimed air and sea borders with the new claims ? 
  absolutely ridiculous . 
  get istanbul or izmir as well if you guys want . / s no country in this world would accept such a demand . 
  what we have between two countries is a unique situation and it should not and can not be solved by general international laws . 
  if turkey was really in the wrongs , international community would have already pressured us in this regard . 
  but they have n't because it is not a simple issue as you greeks like to repeat as . 
   had a plan to invade you in the early 2000s , admitted to setting fire to half of your country in that same decade as if greece does n't have any plans to invade turkey . 
  please . 
  we still remember greece 's role in harboring pkk 's leader ocalan who was and is the # 1 enemy of turkey . 
   nobody in greece hates turks . 
  we more of wish they 'd stop being so agressive . 
  based on / r/europe 's greek redditors and several personal experience , i beg to differ . 
  look at your fellow citizen 's comments in just some turkey related threads in this subreddit, 
   the difference being that your statement was made by your pm in an official capacity . 
  i do n't know anything about this . 
  which pm made that statement ? 
  give me the source , i am curious  last time i checked the aegean islands were greek , so guess who has a right to fly over them . 
  did i forget to mention the casus belli you have on us for something which is legal by international law ? 
  last time i checked , greece was demanding ridiculous ownership of air and water territories which would greatly jeopardize turkey 's integrity and sovereignty . 
  if your claim was so legal and simple by international law , that matter would have been already solved . 
   it 's not us who constantly cause trouble in the aegean and make statements about how thessaloniki is a rightfully turkish city . 
  nationalism . 
  ai n't that a beauty ? 
  i can literally say the same thing . 
  it 's not us who constantly cause trouble in the aegean and make statements about how istanbul is a rightfully greek city . 
  if you think about it , its understandable . 
  russia wants its old territories and greece wants its old territories which means they have similar thinking in foreign policy . 
  not to mention , both of them hate turkey passionately, 
  good for you edit : this amount of fear and hatred against turkey from you greeks is very unhealthy . 
  you can be assured that almost no one in turkey thinks greece as our # 1 enemy but whatever, 
  that city is bigger than ( in terms of population and gdp ) some of eu member countries, 
  i do n't cheer it but i do n't give a fuck either . 
  i have no sympathy whatsoever for these people, 
  does n't matter . 
  those people in the tourism industry in antalya will keep voting for akp . 
  they deserve all the losses, 
  it makes sense that we are in the same opinion with france as ataturk based his `` secularism '' based on laicism of france . 
  in fact we call it `` laiklik '' which is borrowed directly from french, 
  you can thank game of thrones as well, 
  sad thing is abolishing of headscarf ban was widely supported by the western countries . 
  when erdogan was trying to lift it , every single journalists and politician in the western world defended erdogan just because it was against the `` kemalists dictatorship '' and that secular critists were too paranoid . 
  none of them understood the consequences of this policy . 
  i was just trying to say that if uniforms are enforced in schools so should the headscarf ban, 
  yeah he already did . 
  we can already see a lot of politics within middle and high schools . 
  more and more students are getting polarized due to this policy . 
  this will cause great concerns in the future . 
  even in business world , this is causing great problems . 
  there are companies known for only hiring pious people and there are companies known for only hiring secular people ... 
  this shit wo n't stop, 
  i agree but when you have , lets say , half of the school who are pious wearing headscarfs and the other half does n't wear anything what happens then ? 
  children will start to question why are they allowed to wear only headscarfs and nothing else . 
  if there are pious teachers , these teachers will act indiscriminately ( we have seen this case numerous times , even these days ) allowing headscarfs in schools ( not universities ) will only create more chaos, 
  do you think uniforms should be mandatory in schools ? 
  if yes , then headscarfs should also banned in schools as well, 
  kemalism is the ideology implemented by ataturk and it was used to create turkey . 
  every ataturk supporter supports kemalism and therefore every ataturk supporter can be called a kemalist . 
  there are people in this country that are proud of being kemalists who are also not racists against kurds . 
  when you start to use `` kemalists '' only when to refer racists , you are creating a confusion because for turks , it can mean two things . 
  so instead of using `` kemalists '' , use racist nationalists , ultranationalist or whatever but not kemalists . 
  you will always see hostility against you even when you are right since you use kemalists to refer those who think they are superior to kurds . 
  btw the way you use kemalists as a derogatory term for all ataturk supporters is similar how nationalist people use pkk as a term for all kurds in turkey . 
  this is the type of people we are trying to deal here . 
  hope they all burn in hell,
