  do you absolutely believe this is all about an apology ? 
  i guarantee you that turkey will officially apologize if armenia or any other armenians sign an official agreement that no territory will be claimed after the apology . 
  if an apology is the only thing that you guys want , then why does n't your government reassure turkey that there will be no territory claim whatsoever ? 
  a coup planned by the military in greece established a guy to the top who was in favor of the enosis ( which meant cyprus joining greece ), 
  did people died or not ? 
  of course turkey would have set its sights on cyprus just as greece did . 
  this is different than euromaidan . 
  there were injured on both sides . 
  it was like a civil war between two sides . 
  cyprus would have become a part of the greece if turkey did n't intervene . 
  yes they are similar very vaguely in terms of annexation but other than that there really is n't much of a similarity . 
  except greeks / greek cypriots were attacking the minority with the greek coup happening . 
  now that does n't mean i support the invasion but it is different . 
  nah , just stay where you are right now . 
  we do n't need more people like you, 
  we ca n't even charge our ex-ministers ' sons who were found with stolen money . 
  we have murderer cops walking ( even though they are clear footages ) around like they have n't done anything . 
  justice system has failed . 
  there is no longer justice in turkey . 
  well the island does look like a aircraft carrier , 
  if they are using the same sources that also says 99 % of the turkish people are muslims then only thing i would say would be hahaha, 
  you are right . 
  he came to the top thanks to religion ( one of the most common reason for choicing erdogan in the election was `` he is a good faithful and religious guy , he knows how to talk '' and he used that to stay in power for the last 12 years . 
  his intentions are somewhat obvious when he said in certain speeches about how he wants pious young generation for future . 
  his comments on abortion , alcohol , safe sex , number of kids per family ... clearly shows his intention is to make this country more pious . 
  at least this is my view as a secularist/atheist and there are many that agree with me . 
  i know , believe me every single supporter of opposition parties know that . 
  chp must be full of fucking idiots . 
  they could n't get any results whatsoever from gezi protests . 
  and still they can not get any results from these scandals . 
  4 fucking ministers had to resign and yet they are still weak as fuck . 
  i think these people went to hizmet clearly know they are doomed to a certain amount of votes . 
  they want to get more votes in the upcoming elections as hizmet is clearly very powerful but this is the definition of making deals with satan . 
  nothing good can come from it yet they are stupid enough to do it . 
  i just do n't know what to think of politics in turkey anymore but one thing i know that i do n't want erdogan up in the power anymore . 
  he is clearly power-thirst and even some of his followers are questioning him . 
  right now thanks to the actions of erdogan or his , dollar-tl is getting crazy and investors are scared of this unstable politics in turkey . 
  late part of 2013 was a bad year for turkey and this 2014 does n't look good either . 
  yeah you are right . 
  almost everyone knows here that erdogan is doing these for himself and his people . 
  he is just showing it as to restore the state . 
  basically he is hitting 2 birds with one stone for his people that are ignorant and naive enough to believe anything erdogan says . 
  personally i think both sides can go and fuck themselves but the opposition is also fucked . 
  fuck i hate the politics in this country . 
  so far it seems who ever wins the elections wo n't bring anything to this nation . 
  but we are the ones that are getting hurt from these situations . 
  turkish economy is getting huge hits and lira is becoming more shit as erdogan continues to do whatever he is doing . 
  look buddy . 
  i am sick of your reasoning and your arguments about stupid shits . 
  read carefully there is nothing about in at oath that praises ataturk personally whatsoever . 
  that is what i am trying to say here but you are so blinded that you are refusing to listen what i said . 
   `` oh great atat\u00fcrk !, 
  on the path that you have paved , i swear to walk incessantly toward the aims that you have set . '', 
  please tell me what you understand from this sentence . 
  you obviously do n't live in turkey so let me tell you this . 
  all the arguments and debates were made based on `` ne mutlu turkum diyene '' . 
  even akp politicians are saying this . 
  so drop your fanatism of erdogan and anti-ataturk ness and learn to listen what other people are trying to say . 
   who decides what 's the best for the country ? 
  i am sure you are sick of erdogan deciding what 's best for everyone , yet you are doing it yourself !, 
  are you kidding me ? 
  how is this related to erdogan . 
  i do n't think ataturk did interfere with people 's personal life . 
  ataturk just gave the country some guidelines of what he envisioned for the future of the country . 
  nobody is saying we have to follow . 
  ataturk did n't even started the oath . 
  it was done after 40 years of the death of ataturk . 
  and how the hell i deciding what 's best for my country . 
  i am just saying here that you are misinforming people here who probably do n't know too much about turkey . 
  i did n't say anything about erdogan and you still bring the issue to that . 
  i am sick of you people and your mentality . 
  i am sick of your flawed reasoning and the way you block out anything others have to say . 
  especially when it comes to criticism . 
  say whatever you want but that oath was taken down because it is a symbol of nationalism and pro-turkism . 
  that is a fact . 
  no matter how you try to manipulate this simple sentence to something else , its not gon na work . 
  that sentence means people will follow the what 's best for the country . 
  that we will follow the guidelines set by the ataturk . 
  the biggest issue with the oath was `` ne mutlu turkum diyene '' . 
  for days , people have talked about this specifically . 
  in english , it means ( how happy is the one who says `` i am turkish '' ) . 
  it was offensive to kurds and all the minority like i said . 
  oh my bad . 
  the way it is written it sounds like oath was praises ataturk and the ban . 
  still though , oath has nothing to do with ataturk , it has to do with pan-turkism . 
  please tell me how the student oath praises the headscarf ban and ataturk . 
  way to misinform people . 
  oath was taken down because it was offensive to kurds and other minorities in the country . 
  it has nothing to do with any ban . 
  i was trying to say that germans saw the bad `` kind '' of the turks and assumed they are all the same . 
  in reality there are two different kind of turks . 
  either conservative or liberal ( secular ) . 
  not that i am saying being an conservative is a bad thing but these people have been branded as worthless and annoying by the german people . 
  of course germans are also in fault here but it is also our fault as well . 
  we were n't able to introduce the turkish culture and people very well . 
  for example one of the biggest annoying factor for me is how international and european media shows turkey with only images of mosque , very crowded old bazaars and such . 
  it looks as if ottoman empire were still alive . 
  some germans were too ignorant and lazy to learn that not every person with turkish roots wants to remain turkish ( as we see in the article ) but they assume so . 
  people should try to be more open minded as well as welcoming . 
  europe is increasingly becoming more aggressive towards minorities .
