  for decades we have seen heavy tourism but nothing changed as you can see in terms of politics . 
  erdogan and his goons used to bend down for more tourists because they knew it was a cash cow and it benefited them greatly in the short-term . 
  yet here we are , doing everything in their power to isolate the country . 
  i hope for the worst for turkish tourism industry . 
  they even managed to ban booking.com today . 
  this obsession with istanbul is as pathetic as the ottoman dream of erdogan . 
  damn son , read some books, 
  sooo petty ... 
   video of the norwegian woman being dragged on the streets because they thought she was dutch : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ylb-x7swjqe actually , that women is just protesting the government as she was fired . 
  however a norwegian journalist was there and he was attacked as they thought he was dutch . 
  in fact , one of the guys shouting was saying to those women defending the journalist `` i do n't care if he is not dutch . 
  enough is enough !, 
  we are tired of europeans '' then you can see one of the akp supporters pushing away the journalist at the end of the video . 
  just watching the video pissed me off so much but this is the turkish reality . 
  there are millions like these assholes who are ready to lynch someone based on what they saw from their akp owned media, 
  these fucking sons of bitches are using tax payers money to support all those bodyguards as well as travel expenses . 
  i hope to see all these people get what they deserve before i die, 
  these people are so retarded that they would throw grey wolves signs yet highly support islamist erdogan until their deaths . 
  they do n't have an identity so they do whatever is popular around their community . 
  they ca n't even chant anything but allah ekber ... also lately , akp has been able to convert these ultra nationalists into akp supporters because they are complete idiots . 
  these are very simple minded people . 
  yes it does suck . 
  imagine having to deal with trump supporters for the last 15 years ... 
  ever since erdogan became head of state , he has been trying to discredit contraception and asking for 3 children for every family . 
  so i am surprised to see we still have good amount of access, 
  yes but nowadays it is used exclusively to describe akp supporters, 
  pathetic !, 
  probably holds an personal grudge against a kemalist person or he is just some paid shill, 
  damn , this guy/girl really hates kemalism . 
  they essentially have the mental capacity of 5 year olds . 
  this is the type of politics we have been suffering from for decades, 
  that is true . 
  however the last 5 years have been some of the unsafest , unstable and `` weak '' governance years this country has seen the last 15 years yet they still vote for him . 
  thanks to ultimate control of media ... 
  officially comar means `` sheppard dog ' or ` being rude '' depending on how you use it . 
  but lately it 's been used to describe someone who is ignorant , uneducated , dumb ... aka akp supporters ( yes this is a generalization but it fits the majority ) that 4 fingers mean [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rabia_sign ) . 
  i do n't know if i should laugh or cry, 
  true . 
  college-educated people like to migrate due to social issues and in the case of turkey it sucks right now . 
  even the unstable politics is enough for some people to leave as they are sick of it . 
  honestly it is just stressful to live in turkey and people want to escape from it, 
  do n't worry , i lost my ability to empathize with these people as well ( including many others hence the elitist comments ) at this point , my only similarity with these people is that we all speak turkish and possibly born in the same country, 
  nah they will keep charging us domestic tourists crazy amounts because they are spineless assholes and because they can, 
  generally college-educated western turkish people will live very happily and without a problem in europe . 
  but you are right about the others . 
  true because there is checks and balances in the usa whereas turkey is free-for-all . 
  erdogan was caught on fucking tape stashing illegal money yet he did n't even had to stepdown or even apologize . 
  there is no such thing as responsibility in turkey . 
  the problem is that erdogan administration has very few competent people because he only hires ass-kissers . 
  they are so incompetent that they can not do any proper back-channel diplomacy so they fuck up everything . 
  see usa-turkey relations, 
  exactly !, 
  they vote left so they can live easily in europe but do n't give a shit what happens to turkey . 
  we suffer our asses while they live happily in europe . 
  they only see the development in turkey these past 10 years and think erdogan is great while ignoring all the lack of freedom of media , speech and any justice . 
  its really frustrating, 
  even more fucked up part is that these people vote for left-wing parties in europe whereas they vote right-wing party in turke ( akp - erdogan ) . 
  we know this , thats why people are trying to leave the country as soon as possible, 
  a lot of people in turkey would be glad to switch with those fucking assholes, 
  power of total media control is crazy in turkey . 
  since majority of people are uneducated ( i would consider majority of college graduated as well since education level is a joke ) , they eat this type of shit up . 
  he is scared as fuck of trump . 
  he knows trump is unstable just like him, 
  yes , it is fucked up . 
  and the sad part thing is it works . 
  majority of people vote for erdogan except british-turks, 
  good, 
  read [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkish_constitutional_referendum,_2017 ) if you have time, 
  this is clearly inegol koftesi . 
  another great product from turkey . 
  damn i want one right now ... edit : apparently the person who made inegol kofte popular was an bulgarian turkish immigrant . 
  interesting, 
  duner probably comes from the turkish word doner meaning turning . 
  that 's what i am saying ( in a way ) . 
  scapegoat used to be muslim turks , now its islam all together . 
  if there were no islamic issues in europe , i am willing to bet that most europeans would consider turks as europeans or at least semi-europeans . 
  almost all europeans that visited turkey who i met seems to be more accepting so i do n't know . 
  this is why i am pro-globalism . 
  people need to experience different cultures and people to see how common we actually are . 
  only then we can end these foolish arguments between different `` rival '' nations, 
   how old are you now , seriously ? 
  how is this racist ? 
  the fact that greek anatolians have anatolian dna is racist ? 
  wtf you are talking about integration of anatolian greeks as if they are from a completely different place . 
  you obviously do n't see them as greek as much as you see yourself . 
  most of these people are descendent from bosniaks , albanisns , bulgarians etc keep lying to yourself . 
  yes we have people from those areas but we used to have 500k turks just in crete so i will let you do the math . 
   turkey is conservative and very religious , greece is at least 5 times least of both . . turkish society and families are very patriarchic , especially in central and eastern turkey you are just cherry-picking right now . 
   i did n't insult you , you did . 
  who 's being aggressive ? 
   what a pile of shit , seriously . 
  from your language to your culture , you have nothing to do with the romans making broad comments like that proves otherwise . 
  you obviously have n't experienced the turkish culture so i am not going to continue this useless conversation . 
  think whatever you want . 
   just because i 'm disagreeing with you it does n't mean that i 'm not open minded . 
  your logic is ridiculous you always comment very aggresively when it comes to this topic so i conclude that you are not that openminded as you claim  yes but many tend to be genetically kinda similar to turks , because as their name implies , they 're anatolian . 
  they 're fully integrated now obviously . 
  what the fuck that suppose to mean ? 
  this is becoming a little bit racist ...  first of all similar genetics , mostly with south italians . 
  we even have a saying for italians in greece `` una faccia una razza '' ( one face one race ) .
