  i guess there is a reason you have your username as `` idontknowmuch '' . 
  i do n't know if you are doing this on purpose or you are just not capable of reading what i had said before . 
   the armenian diaspora has been involved in diplomatic and not so diplomatic actions against turkey since the very events , starting with operation nemesis . 
  and with every action , ** there were reactions from turkey ** , and this has been going on until today . 
  this is what you said  every action of the turkish government have been reactionary to the pressures of the armenian diaspora and government . 
  this is what i have said . 
  we are talking about the same thing . 
  hahaha give me a break . 
  keep telling yourself that, 
  i am just comparing it to poland where , at the time , they had a nation state whereas armenians did n't, 
  every action of the turkish government have been reactionary to the pressures of the armenian diaspora and government . 
  armenians are the ones lobbying around the world at first not us, 
  you think i do n't know that ? 
   i know you turks love to bring op the ottoman-card and stamp your feet about how important you are and yet you are making no arguments to why you are so important . 
  i listed the reason turkey is important because you asked for it . 
   we have nothing to prove , but you still have yet to make an argument for why turkey is any thing more then a mongrel siting on the borders barking . 
  again you seem to have this idea that turkey is worthless . 
  it a lot valuable than denmark for sure  now there is one important thing you should look into with regards to location . 
  lack of water and good so have fun with the migrant horde coming when the water runs out . 
  do n't worry , we have enough water to last quite a while as we are not a desert country . 
  i hope your country will be filled with immigrants as well and hope people around you get raped/murdered by the immigrants you will be forced you take you asshole, 
  it has nothing to do with ottomans . 
  turkey will always be more important than 80 % of european countries to europe . 
  it is an access point to middle east and asia through its land . 
  only decent muslim country in the world . 
  it is a g20 country and has one of the largest military in nato . 
  being in nato itself is another reason for our importance . 
  we are a major exporter and importer to european countries . 
  multiple eu countries have big turkish diaspora . 
  turkey will be much more important to europe once tanap oil line is built as well . 
  we are the 6th most popular tourist attraction . 
  i can go on and on ... my original comment was that it does n't matter if erdogan is our head of the country , our people will never accept what germany is about to accept . 
  then you made an comment that is so ignorant that i had to respond . 
  a little research on turkey would have answered your first question but whatever, 
  yes that 's pathetic as well . 
  are you satisfied ? 
  not everything is black and white . 
  i am sick of talking about this issue . 
  i do n't like many things in my country but i also do n't like how armenians are keep pressuring this issue as well . 
  i hope in near future the government officially apologizes so that you pathetic fucks actually cease this pathetic obsession, 
  whether you like it or not , turkey is much more important to europe than your small ass country . 
  ever since the emergence of ottomans , turkey will forever matter to europe and europe will matter to turkey edit : also , emergence of armenian genocide debates only when there is a political problem between countries itself is the reason i wrote my comment, 
  man , you are pathetic, 
  just to clear things up , i meant nothing happened in terms of the recognition of the term `` genocide '', 
  i do n't know how you can compare armenians to polish people . 
  like i said before , there were no armenia before 1915 . 
  some members of the armenian intellgentsia conspired against the ottoman empire so of course there will be an action on them . 
  was killing them a right choice ? 
  no but the country was already in a very bad position due to wwi and other major loses so i doubt they had the resources to do anything else . 
   a community without leaders is not able to organize itself and start any form of resistance . 
  hence the reason those people were targeted . 
  that technicality can change the landscape of eastern turkey as well as its economy so it is a big deal for the turks . 
  looked at his account 's history, 
  he is a 21 year old kid that works in mcdonalds who is also a third generation `` turk '' . 
  probably been to turkey once or twice to visit the beaches . 
  i highly doubt he has any idea what the issue is and why there is such a opposition from the turkish side . 
  he does n't represent the `` turks '' at all in this matter, 
  goal was to terminate rebels within the country and destroy the influence of russians in the wwi . 
  that is why certain armenian intelligentsia were killed or captured in the western part of turkey . 
  more and more armenian rebels were starting to disturb the eastern border with the help of russians . 
  ottoman empire already suffered a lot before the wwi ( especially to rebellions ) and ottoman government was not keen to loose a part of the anatolia . 
  i do n't know enough history about your country but there was no armenian nation at the time . 
  ottoman government at the time thought it would be better if they moved majority of the armenians in the east to syria in order to cease rebel activities . 
  during that `` movement '' a lot of people have died . 
  was it barbaric ? 
  yes but the goal was not to exterminate every single armenian . 
  much more can be written about this issue but i think this is enough for now i have a question for you : what particular thing convinced you that ottomans goal was to kill all armenians ? 
  yes ... 
  as much as i would like to see erdogan disappear from turkish politics , this will only worsen the situation . 
  his people will use his death to gather more votes, 
  damn , you got me ... 
  this issue is more politics than scientific which is why no turk will accept the declaration of genocide . 
  does n't matter if every single scientist agrees on the same point . 
  nothing happened in the last 100 years and it will be the same next 100 years, 
  i probably hate erdogan more than you guys but i have to admit something . 
  this issue wo n't be solved when akp or erdogan leaves the government . 
  turkish people are very nationalistic just like the armenians and as long as armenia and europe uses this issue as a political tool every time there is a disagreement with turkey , there wo n't be any advancement on the subject . 
  i do n't see any possibility of acceptance on the issue in my lifetime, 
  as a `` turk '' , you should learn about the official stance on the subject and then talk edit : in case you do n't understand , there is no denial of the events . 
  that is just some lie told by the armenians so we can compare it to the holocaust and nazis . 
  turks agree that there were massacres and deaths but the dispute is based on the word `` genocide '' as turks do n't believe there was a set intention to wipe out armenians, 
  almost every single liberal in the western countries were glad erdogan was `` freeing '' the muslims from the `` kemalist tyranny '' few years ago . 
  i wonder what do they think now ... 
  dude i do n't know why you are not understanding . 
  all these numbers include the valuation of video game companies as well as anything related to video games . 
  not to mention , the last link itself says that its hard to measure the industry for some countries ( you can see numbers for turkey are not stable enough ) . 
  again these number do n't prove anything . 
  prove me a number that specifically shows how many frenchmen plays battlefield vs how many turks play battlefield, 
  those revenues includes more than just sales . 
  considering the fact that there are major french game companies , that link does n't mean anything, 
  keep living in your delusional world then ... 
  you think more frenchman will play this game rather than people from ottoman empire ? 
  haha, 
   if putin wants constaninople he can have it . 
  sometimes i am genuinely curious about how you people 's mind work ? 
  same shit on the other side of the sea, 
  a lot . 
  i can personally pledge that turkish side had organized discord just for / place where turkish people all over the world joined and help building the flag, 
  not enforced, 
  it is a terrible idea and that is why this referendum is the last hope for the better near future of turkey .
