  see i have a problem with this article . 
  first of all , these `` guest workers '' that went to germany were n't probably educated enough and quite conservative . 
  i mean why would a family with good condition would leave the country anyway . 
  and for some reason , they kept this conservative mentality and acted as if all the turks are all devoted muslims ... 
  these people literaly mispresented thr turkish culture and people . 
  my every single european ( especially germans and austrians ) friends i talked to had some issue with turks . 
  these `` turks '' in europe showed us like we were barbarians , thugs that are left in 16th century . 
  but this is not a case in turkey . 
  not everyone is an muslim , not everyone acts like an idiot . 
  especially in major cities or coastal cities in turkey , you can clearly understand if someone was raised in turkey or outside of turkey by talking to them for a few mins . 
  now of course this is not true for every single one of them but these people are in majority . 
  in this case , girl may have experienced some annoying scenarios but she shouldnt get all offended . 
  if she want to keep her turkish identity , she may go learn about turkey and what is going on there in young , and then teach her friends the truth . 
  instead of accepting what people around her was saying , she should have stayed patient and correct them if nessesary . 
  i hate articles like this . 
  especially this one where she is all innocent and shit . 
  yes they are quite ignorant europeans just like in any country but this does n't mean you can just bitch about it . 
  go do something else about it other thanwriting this one sided piece . 
  does that demilitarisation also include greek cypriot army ? 
  because no matter how you look at this issue , no turkish cypriot will agree to only greek cypriot army on the island . 
  now i do n't know if this is true but the turkish news say that these kids were students from erasmus and they were taking pictures of themselves doing nazi shit as a joke ( of course its not ok to do this ) and israeli students were around at that time to see that happen . 
  but these news are making it sound like the students deliberately did the nazi salute to the students . 
  first one is just a stupid joke . 
  but the second one is an extremely low insult . 
  now i think what they did is the least honorable thing to do in a foreign country . 
  and these assholes should get fined . 
  but 3 years in prison is too much . 
  yeah i am sorry but turkish cypriots are as much as european as greeks or cypriots are . 
  yeah also our people are so stupid that they are ready to jump through windows even in the smallest quakes . 
  so stupidity is also a factor in the number of deaths, 
  i feel like another one like that will hit istanbul pretty bad . 
  if it does , i suspect at least half a million will die or get hurt . 
  there are so many bad structures all around the city that will collapse with any quake . 
  well turkey is fucked, 
  i can say that the `` real '' cypriot turks does not like settlers one bit . 
  at least thats what i got from the people i know and their community, 
  actually protests havent failed . 
  erdogan got so afraid , him and his people had to do counter-protest throughout the country . 
  he did n't let people get tickets for a summer olmpic ceremony because he did n't wan na be booed . 
  more people are now aware of his and his governments actions . 
  he embrassed himself to the world . 
  yes he might get the next elections due to the divided and lack of opposition but these protests have damaged him alot . 
  also our eu minister egemen bagis called this open letter `` a crime against humanity ' there are more ridiculous comments from the government such as `` just because these people have oscars does n't mean they can say these things '' . 
  or ruling party supporters are saying things like `` they can not even find turkey on a map yet they talk '' or `` this letter proves that gezi protests were organised by the international forces '' ... its not funny anymore because there are a lot of ignorant and uneducated people listening and agreeing with these type of people . 
  sometimes i just hate my people so much . 
  are you fucking idiot ? 
  i told you before i do n't want to talk to you so stop writing to me . 
  first of all giving out random links that barely has anything to do with what i and others saying is really backing it up . 
  also you did n't even once respond people 's questions as well as our concern at all . 
  no where in the world , a fucking government in the world blurs alcohol on tv not to mention cigarettes . 
  its ridiculous . 
  i am sick of repeating these facts for like tenth times . 
  go do something else . 
  is someone paying to do this i do n't understand . 
  btw i have tagged you as `` akp yalakasi '' since all you do is praise this bill ( which was created and accepted within a week without proper scientific fact or anything back up other than erdogans and his people own opinion on the issue . 
  i guess this is what you may call `` advanced democracy '' ) and attack me . 
  yes that was very curious . 
  they even have armenia and azerbaijan but for some reason anatolia was n't included, 
  i find that really hard to believe, 
  here is a debate we had with one of the akp supporter . 
  you can understand what most turkish people think by reading these comments . 
  unfortunately the guy did n't even try to properly argue with us http://www.reddit.com/r/turkey/comments/1exjl0/alcohol_ban_bill_passes_with_more_prohibitions/, 
  i personally do n't know other governments as i graduated recently ( when akp was/is in government ) . 
  so i ca n't talk about past government actions on education . 
  that does n't change the fact that public school system is horrible . 
  national exams are just a failure . 
  every year ( almost ) there is a scandal . 
  just one national exam determines the future of an person . 
  there is literally no good sport system among schools . 
  basically high school kids are getting forced to learn subjects that they are not interested at or good at . 
  there are huge differences between private schools and public schools . 
  i know the past governments did n't do shit either but that does n't mean akp should n't do any improvements too . 
  i was relatively in that system few years ago and i do n't see any improvements, 
  well they do have more money available compared to past years . 
  but this does n't mean they spending correctly . 
  government have so much to do if they want to even mention fixing education system in their next election . 
  of course . 
  every businessman and politician try to suck up to erdogan unfortunately . 
  he even named a university after himself . 
  oh ok now we get why you are so against turkey . 
  please stop writing ridiculous comments . 
  please do yourself some favor and read some books instead of wasting time here . 
  sorry could n't find any . 
  probably because that was years ago and newspapers do n't like to talk about stuff like this, 
  actually i think all those students did was the rock symbol towards erdogan car . 
  that is why erdogan is keep saying at least 3 kids for each family . 
  what those assholes do n't realize is that these families do n't have anything to support these kids . 
  that is why , usually people in the west have less kids than the families in the east . 
  they are more educated and they have a better income ( statistically ) . 
  the only meddling power is turkey because the only reason northern cyprus is alive is turkey . 
  nobody recognizes them , there are embargoes . 
  somebody has to supply them with resources , food with northern cyprus and that 's turkey . 
  cyprus received a lot of aid from eu when it entered so it did n't need greece . 
  however i do agree , if there will be talks , it should be without turkey and greece . 
  however you ca n't expect this these days . 
  not with the economic situation cyprus is in . 
  only when the pkk is involved . 
  do n't worry , turkish cypriots ( at least the old people ) do n't like those settlers as well , as far as i know, 
  so sick of these useless , ignorant , close-minded turkish people in europe . 
  they are nothing but a bad representation of turkey and its people .
