  then international law that applies in aegean matters . 
  if you keep thinking that it is greece who is irredentist , the only thing i can do is praise your country 's propaganda . 
  it 's clearly effective . 
  show me where treaty of lausanne and italian-turkish of 1932 says anything about the naval and air borders since clearly you know it . 
  international law does n't fucking apply here because we did n't sign it . 
  this is my 3rd time saying it to you and you choose to ignore it . 
   even if turkey does not accept this , the fact is that it is not greece that threatens turkey about territorial waters , but the opposite . 
  because turkey feels threatened by greece 's actions . 
  it 's simple as that . 
  do n't claim 12 nm or 6nm navally and 10nm air and see what happens . 
  turkish side will stop threatening greece, 
  same thing can be said to you . 
  the fact is clear . 
  greece does not hold any power to do as they wish . 
  if everything is showing that turkey is in the wrong , then why did n't eu or un have done something about it ? 
  you do n't have any legal rights to support your own claim . 
  an international law that we did n't sign does n't effect us, 
   i am from romania and my history tells me that they used to steal little boys ( to use them as soldiers ) and little girls ( to use them as sex slaves ) from my country for hundred of years . 
  we have fought for a fucking long time to gain independence and we suffered a lot because of the ottoman empire . 
  was the collapse handled in a ideal manner ? 
  probably not but having a major superpower collapse is never going happen in an ideal matter . 
  look at the soviet union or the roman empire or any other empire and you will understand that when one of these things collapses it 's never pretty . 
  so this gives an excuse to ethnically cleanse the muslims from romania as well as balkans ?? 
  i 'm sorry but your history is n't what you have said . 
  maybe read some books before spitting out classic bullshit propaganda . 
  none of what you said justified what happened in 1910s . 
  that is why we also had our war of independence but we suffered a lot for it . 
  people still remember that just like you remember your history, 
  turkey has not signed the international law so it does n't apply here . 
  fuck off then . 
  then why should we believe this greek source ? 
  do you question that as well ? 
  check the turkish armed forces website every few week for the incursions by the greek navy if you are very curious . 
  or google it . 
  i do n't want to waste my time looking at articles if you are calling turkish policy in the aegean as irredentist then you can also call the greek policy as irredentist as well, 
  http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/turkish-coast-guards-repulse-greek-guards-harassing-fishing-boats.aspx?pageid=238&amp;nid=57770&amp;newscatid=341 i know its an old article but this happens more frequently than you would believe . 
  because 12nm will create disproportionate increase of borders thanks to hundreds of small islands which are directly next to turkey . 
  any other country would have act the same way . 
  turkey has n't signed the the law of the sea so greece ca n't do shit ( us has n't signed either ) . 
  read this : http://www.mfa.gov.tr/maritime-issues---aegean-sea---the-outstanding-aegean-issues.en.mfa, 
  i am just trying to explain the other side as this subreddit is a very much of an echo chamber, 
  i explained the bases of turkish nationalism, 
  so it was ok to invade anatolia ? 
  divide the land into 5 major powers with artificial borders ? 
  you know this same attitude is what is causing the chaos in me . 
  this is the same mentality that created iraq and syria with artificial borders . 
  i was explaining why turkey was like this even before ussr fell apart . 
  if you want to talk about the modern turkey , let me tell you : current government wants to create nationalistic environment so they can feed their `` foreign powers are jealous of turkey '' sentiment . 
  there is also the fact that greece actually presents a threat to turkey as they keep want to increase their naval and air borders . 
  also they do the same thing turkey does : keep harassing turkish fishers and civilian boats but you do n't see that here . 
  as for the balkanic and middle eastern nationalism : those rebellions are what caused the huge nationalism in the turkish society . 
  it still fuels the current conspiracies because current governments tells people them so . 
  people believe western nations want to finish what they started in the 1920s as turkey is getting stronger than ever, 
  thats how over a million muslims got massacred as well but oh well who cares about them, 
  i wonder why ? 
  maybe 5 different major country invaded anatolia and occupied/killed millions of people ? 
  caused huge migrations from all over the old ottoman empire ? 
  people lived in misery due to politics of the west ? 
  maybe it 's the backfired implementation of nationalism in balkans and middle east hence causing even more extreme turkish nationalism ? 
  hmm ... 
  same can be said to you people . 
  what has eu have done positively to turkey ? 
  eu is one of the main reason why erdogan is still in power as well as erdogan 's focus on me . 
   i refuted your points by telling you that during revolutions innocents die and i do n't support the idea of greeks killing turks but it happened during a war times and also because the turks were seen as oppressors . 
  this very same logic is used for the genocide , kurd oppression as well as cyprus invasion . 
  so i hope you at least understand the other side of the aegean sea . 
   you are a country of 80 million people and threaten us , how do you expect greece to react ? 
  i 'm not living in the past anyway it 's mostly history we 're discussing here turkey is also constantly being threatened by the provocative actions of greek armed forces . 
  not only having these greek islands are so close to our mainland , greek government 's actions to increase their artificial naval and air borders by eliminating turkish naval and air borders is a big threat to us . 
  we already see some of the greek islands as controversial subjects so of course we will fight back . 
  hahaha !, 
  you are not capable of refuting my points so you prefer to just mention typical genocide and kurds . 
  turks are not the complaining side here . 
  it is your people and your pathetic country that try to eu whenever we show some forces . 
  keep living in the past . 
   you were the bad guys anyway , should n't have invaded greece jesus , how old are you ? 
  every country invaded places so did greece . 
  do you actually think all the lands greece now owns were originally belonged to greece ? 
  give me a break . 
  in our point of view , you were the bad guys . 
  those muslims living in balkans might have lived in the area for more than 400 years but they were kicked off just because they were muslims ( either converted or born that way ) . 
  this is like saying all the current americans are the bad guys because they have been `` occupying '' north america for the last 300 years . 
  it is a very basic irredentist point of view . 
  we do n't deny them . 
  we just do n't call it a genocide, 
  like every few weeks , european redditors/arm-chair generals [ talking ] ( http://giphy.com/gifs/1haxuhqowl160 ) about issues they do n't know anything about, 
  should n't have massacred and denied the existence of turkish cypriots, 
  what a load of bullshit . 
  so 400 years of `` oppression '' is justifiable for all the ethnic cleasing as well as torture and rapes done by you greeks . 
  nice ... 
  dude do n't try to argue with these arm-chair generals . 
  all they do is to stroke their dicks over turkey, 
  i 'm sorry but ankara and izmir can not be compared to istanbul in any way . 
  i remember seeing cows and farms in atasehir . 
  now its a concrete shithole, 
  should have done alternative reality european parliament with r/turkey so we can see how things would change, 
   it 's too bad then for moderate muslims unwilling to disavow violent verses . 
  they need europe more than europe needs them , so their loss i 'd say . 
  when fundamentalists are interviewed they try their best to evade difficult questions but they never outright lie about what 's in the quran , so you could probably filter out the vast majority . 
  problem with this is that ultra-liberals will cry `` religion discrimination ''  i do n't think a cultural test alone would work because once the type of questions are known it is easy to study for it .
