  as a big fan of lego and star wars and a turkish person , i despise these acts . 
  dumbasses . 
  no wonder the whole europe hates or dislikes turkish people . 
  so true , its really sad, 
  well shit then . 
  turkey has french , italian , us and british schools . 
  does that mean all these countries are basically conquering turkey slowly ? 
  i guess business is bad for the washingtonpost that they publish articles like this . 
  turkish government is just trying to look busy to its followers . 
  this is nothing but bullshit . 
  as a turkish person , i am really embarrassed about this whole situation . 
  i guess they are like teenage girls that tries to make a scene to get attention . 
  or at least have the same mentality . 
  lol what ? 
  what kind of world do you live in ? 
  drawing up plans to attack greece ? 
  do you actually believe this sort of thing because if you are then you are fucking crazy . 
  you are right . 
  personally the only reason i can see why turkish government wants so bad to join eu is to have free trade , and destroy that viza system . 
  not to mention , erdogan uses eu as a scapegoat for his elections . 
  zeus is angry with greeks in athens ... 
  its sad if there are people that still think like this . 
  we are in the 21st century for gods sake . 
  i doubt there will be any war between greece and turkey ,, 
  the reasons people are trying to get cyprus passports is that cyprus is an eu member and people can easily travel within eu without any problems . 
  however it is very hard for people with the turkish passport since almost every eu country wants visa and they are usually very limit ( time wise ) . 
  imagine going to the consulates every 6 months so that you get a visa . 
  waste of money and time, 
  unless the greek cyriot government is willing to pay or invest a lot of money/resources to the northern side , there never will be an agreement . 
  `` southern '' side will have to show to the turkish cypriots that they can take care them . 
  however these days , there is no way this issue will be solved anytime soon . 
  that is why greek cypriots have to put aside their patriotic feelings and try to work together with turkey . 
  turkey is barely keeping the northern side alive . 
  this is a issue that can not be solved by demilitiralizations . 
  hell the military there is probably only reason greek cypriots are not doing anything aggressive towards the other side . 
  there are more important issues in cyprus besides the turkish forces ( which is very passive ) anyway . 
  i agree completely, 
  i agree with you but there really is n't a possible solution to kick all those immigrants out of cyprus and believe me i do n't like that act by turkey also . 
  its really hard now since there are 2nd or 3rd generation of immigrants being born in cyprus right now and you ca n't just kick them out since technically they are cypriots . 
  i am open to any solution though, 
  if you count the military occupation as in placing soldiers there in military bases then us have militarily occupied the entire world . 
  every battle or war have eventually involved with ethnically cleansing so there really is nothing to emphase that part considering you are from england . 
  this does n't mean i am not agreeing with turkey about ethnic cleansing, 
  i am really sorry but this example is not the same with the issue of cyprus . 
  first of all , there is a reason turkey invaded and its not like greek cyriots were all innocent . 
  however this does n't justify turkey taking the greek cyriot 's stuff . 
  i agree there . 
  this issue can not be solved by just turkey doing something about it . 
  greek cypriots have to actually try to solve this issue . 
  both sides have to be objective about this and not get all sentimental to solve this issue, 
  geographically speaking , we should be in eu with the same reason cyprus had . 
  if cyprus is considered , geographically , an eu country then turkey should be also considered european . 
  culturally i am afraid turkey is kinda divided into two . 
  there is this at least 40 % of turkey that is secular and more westernized than the rest . 
  look at istanbul or izmir ( or any western cities ) for example . 
  however i believe with time , we can change . 
  just like we did in 1920s when ottoman empire disbanded and a whole new country born with more based on western values . 
  however with the current government emphasising more on islamic culture , things does n't look so well right now . 
  now i come from a what you might call the elite part of istanbul but everybody i know is either secular or are not associated with islam . 
  i do n't believe 99 % percent of the population is muslim . 
  if there was no peer pressure and more freedom of speech , we would be way more secular than most of the countries in the world . 
  yes , turkey is big . 
  and we are gon na need a whole lot of investment on the eastern part of turkey to prevent any drug or immigrant trades . 
  and the fact that these parts are all mountainous will be hard to control . 
  i think the connection to the middle east and to the islamic world would be better for eu since they can use turkey as a gateway for anything that is related to these areas . 
  turkey is not in conflict with cyprus right now . 
  well at least not militarily . 
  my father side is cypriot so i think i have more say to this issue than the european people have . 
  now all most of my family lives either in uk or in turkey with frequent travels to cyprus because of the conflict . 
  in this issue i believe both sides are wrong . 
  i believe what greek cypriots did was a big no-no around 1950s-1960s and turkey tried its best there to protect its people . 
  now turkish military may have used a little excessive force but it is n't any different what us did to iraq or afghanistan or what european countries did to rest of the world for colonization ( what i am trying to say that anything country would have done the same thing if they were in that position ) . 
  if turkey did really intended to invade cyprus , they would have done it by completely taking the cyprus . 
  anyways the fact is the northern cyprus is really in shitty condition compared to the southern side . 
  i have been to both places . 
  i have seen the difference . 
  the fact is i do n't like the turkish or kurdish immigrants to cyprus from turkey anymore than greek cypriots do . 
  and i know that is one of the reasons turkey can not settle on any resolution with the republic of cyprus . 
  but you ca n't just ask the 200 thousand people to leave and go back to turkey . 
  especially to those that actually born in northern cyprus . 
  the greek cypriots are not really excited about any settlements either . 
  they are acting to overaggressive to the issue and are not really trying to use any kind of empathy ( what i am trying to say that they are looking at the issue on only one point of view ) . 
  i ca n't blame them because probably they were taught like that after the `` invasion of cyprus '' . 
  the connection to the us is n't something that will make a big difference to eu . 
  lets all be real , it 's not like us does n't have any influence on any eu countries . 
  the closeness to the war-zones never effected the people of turkey . 
  except the issue in syria . 
  that is the result of the bad decision of our government and the fact that other countries are not doing anything to help turkey to protect and feed the immigrants from syria . 
  the issue with kurdish terrorists ( `` seperatists '' ) does n't seem to be resolve with any military force unless we fully attack on the terrorist group as well as the cut the funding from the kurds in europe . 
  not to mention , we have to stop the drug supplies to eu which basically funds the whole kurdish terrorists . 
  another issue with turkey for joining to eu is that people in eu sees eu kinda like a christian union . 
  and lets all be really people are also afraid of muslims from the middle east because of those live in eu ( even though they are different ) there are more things to talk about but i am tired . 
  if you do n't agree with me or just feel like to ask any question , do n't hesitate to reply to me and we can argue this issue more specifically if you like, 
  to be fair , turks in europe are nothing alike the turks in turkey . 
  one of the reasons is that the majority of turkish immigrants to germany were low or middle class citizens . 
  actually i would simply forget it because us turkish people have experienced our own share of violence and massacres as well ( especially in balkans ) . 
  if we were uptight about every single thing that happened to turks , we would have closed our borders to any western nation . 
  i do n't go to a greek and talk shit just like i do n't go to a british and say shit to them because of our past . 
  because you guys bring up the past every-time we meet ?? 
  yes ,
