  i highly doubt that . 
  you should read more and learn more about the history of the world before you make these childish and pathetic comments  i do n't care about you , go away please go back to kindergarten as it is clear you are not mature enough to argue even on internet . 
  every major european country did much more horrible things in a much larger scale than ottomans did ever to balkans . 
  not to mention , ottomans did their stuff centuries before europeans ended their barbarism so just blaming ottomans is total bullshit and you have to be really biased and naive to believe that . 
  your initial comment highly exaggerates ottoman actions . 
  not everyone got kidnapped and raped , there is a reason ottomans were in control of lands for a long ass time . 
  a lot of those people you claim to be raped became high level politicians or officers easily . 
  not `` everything lived in fear '' as a lot of balkan countries claim to satisfy their nationalistic views . 
   i do n't think you can make an argument that any were worse than them however . 
  you are simply wrong . 
  go ask any historian which were worse on humanity : colonialism of european powers or ottoman invasions, 
  that 's an insult to all african and asian countries, 
  power . 
  having mindless fundamentalists will enable erdogan total control over their lives . 
  this way he will control the country until he dies . 
  got ta love how clueless these people are about turkey . 
  and other countries did n't ? 
  do you even know any european history ? 
  you sure got me buddy . 
  and i never said you did . 
  but certain group of people and their supporters did beginning 1950s in cyprus . 
  should n't have agreed the treaty of guarantee in 1960 . 
  and show me a nation that treated their minorities well around 1910s . 
  does n't mean you can ignore a sizable minority . 
  does n't mean you can do a coup and kill that minority, 
  give me your sources on the subject, 
  so in your view , we should stop travelling all together to any major country since they had incidents . 
  thats how they win . 
  so in that case i should stop travelling to usa , uk , france , belgium and so on . 
  that is such a childish and cowardic way to look at issues . 
  public rarely remembers what going on in the world . 
  do you think they remember everything happened in the last 5 years of any country ? 
  no , realistically they look at the last 6 months or maybe 1 year . 
  i know it does n't mean anything but i know at least 5 people who are either americans or asians that changed their travel plans after so many frequent incidents at paris and london . 
  i was in istanbul suring the `` coup '' mate . 
  i know exactly what happened as i followed it live throughout the fucking night . 
  no jets bombed anything besides the parliament and mit hq which were in ankara . 
  people who died went directly against tanks and soldiers . 
  city was not shutdown at all besides the first day . 
  it happened on friday night and i was back to work on monday . 
  everything went back to normal literally the day after the events, 
  look `` mate '' . 
  in the last 6 months , paris had more issues than istanbul had . 
  that is a fact . 
  coup is not even worth mentioning as it was only confined to a very limited area and it only lasted less than 10 fucking hours . 
  let 's see , how many attacks happened in paris , london or istanbul in the last 6 months ? 
  people should not say istanbul is n't safe when there are more than 18 million people living their lives without a problem and every other major cities are getting similar rate ( or even more ) attacks . 
  you people are singling out turkey as if we are some war-torn country in africa or middle east when it is complete opposite . 
  the amount of sensationalist news and misrepresentation of turkey pisses me off honestly ( although we have our own share of our problems ) . 
  if you are afraid of being in istanbul then you should also be worried when you are in paris , london , brussels , berlin ... 
  then we can all stay in berlin , new turkey, 
  as i said in my other comments , these days paris or london is much more dangerous that you would be in istanbul . 
  also 3 of those attacks were done by kurds who , generally , do n't target tourists or civilians in major cities . 
  * kurds were n't even majority in that area until the last 50 years or so . 
  * we spent too much money and human capital to develop those areas * we have huge dams there * geopolitical important location . 
  allows access to oil-rich nations . 
  * people gave their lives to keep those areas for over 100 years ( starting with war of independence ) it 's easier for us turks in western turkey to say fuck it but not everything is that simple . 
  sure . 
  you will wait a lot though based on recent events . 
  fact is there are less frequent terrorists attacks in turkey ( at least in places where tourists go ) than in major european countries . 
  have fun with your local islamists and `` overwhelming '' refugees, 
  nobody ever goes to south east turkey ( including turkish citizens ) . 
  i am sorry but istanbul is much safer to travel than paris or london these days . 
  but you are free to think whatever you want . 
  we can have this discussion again when another terrorist attack happens in any major european city . 
  you are more in risk of getting bombed in london or paris than you would in turkey these days, 
  i would like to see how r/europe and especially greeks behave when we joke about greece or any other bullshit related to balkans ( hint : usually bombarded with downvotes ) . 
  must be nice being a hypocrite edit : thank you for proving me correct, 
  finally we can get rid of that big ass paper that was called nufus cuzdani . 
  that was more than 100 years ago . 
  no one cares about armenia or the genocide in this country these days, 
   when right after the failed coup erdo cracked down a ton of people , i do n't remember any big protests in turkey . 
  even if some though they were actually criminals , there were some rather obvious large-scale basic right violations and yet nobody stood up . 
  realistically , if i were there , i have no idea what else i could do than try to gtfo as soon as possible . 
  erdogan has branded feto in such a bad way that any opposition to erdogan meant you were a member of feto regardless of your background . 
  you ca n't even question about the coup unless you want to be branded as a member of feto and destroy your life . 
  since they hold all the justice , security and government platforms there will never be another gezi . 
  the only chance for us is for erdogan to lose 2019 presidential elections but that is highly improbable . 
  opposition is in the shambles . 
  those with resources are already in progress of leaving the country . 
  future does n't look nice any longer, 
  turkish riviera is one of the most beautiful places i have ever seen . 
  i highly recommend it . 
  not only its cheap but its less crowded than greece or france with similar geography . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkish_riviera edit : if you wan na have the full experience , do a [ blue cruise ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/blue_cruise ), 
  yes because our country is and always have been better than serbia . 
  g20 country with a gdp per capita higher than serbia 's . 
  one of major forces in nato and a regional power . 
  we might have a lot of problems internally but still better than your country so stfu, 
   the turks in fact did n't have origins in anatolia . 
  better leave that propaganda elsewhere if you want to actually argue here . 
  read some books  how convenient . 
  ...  tell that to prussia . 
  oh and half of cyprus . 
  the other half of cyprus tried started to ignore and kill its minority and tried to declare cypriot as a part of greece . 
   are you fucking kidding me ? 
  your president is openly disputing the lausanne treaty , talks about aegean islands that should be yours , refuses to withdraw troops from cyprus which you still illegally occupy and you 're claiming that we 're continuing that irredentism ? 
  greece has officially 0 claims on any other land outside its borders . 
  your country does exactly that officially . 
  i was talking about greek and other european redditors .
