  rte just tried to defend government 's incompetency by comparing england 's mining accident at 1860 and us 's accident at 1907 . 
  this is ridiculous . 
  someone is playing too much halo, 
  its not about the refugee camps . 
  turkish cities are full of syrian beggars . 
  hell there were some fights between the immigrants and the locals in some city . 
  there are many illegal immigrants and it is hurting turkey . 
  turkey has over 900k syrians nowadays . 
  why should we keep these refugees ? 
  turkey should at least get some financial help to support these syrians . 
  no that page is controlled by the armenians, 
  its one sided and some of the wordings are biased as it is highly regulated by the armenians, 
  i am sorry if i try to be objective . 
  i was never thought the genocide was a lie . 
  you armenians on reddit dont even try to prove us wrong besides changing the subject our attacking us personally . 
  i 'm sick of you people one sided arguments on this topic . 
  like i said , i admit there were killings but i dont approve the term genocide . 
  thats all . 
  show me how i denied anything except the term genocide . 
  keep on hating my friend . 
  an essay written by someone . 
  wow . 
  clearly this is the ultimate evidence that ataturk was behind everything / s you guys are so pathetic sometimes . 
  searching for little connections that does n't even make sense . 
  did n't the fucking armenians rebel against the ottoman people ? 
  of course he is gon na use that in his speeches because he saved the country because of nationalism . 
  the same ideology you guys wanted to start your own country . 
  this is exactly what we are trying to say . 
  unfortunately emotions blind reasoning for some people , especially in this day . 
  go to any protests in front of a turkish embassy today and listen what the armenias are saying in chants . 
  then come here act like a naive person . 
  some armenians are so ignorant that they think ataturk even had a hand in the genocide . 
  just leave them be as they are blinded with hatred, 
  i like how you insult your own people . 
  thats ok but it is really unnecessary . 
  there is a difference between walking for the murdered hrant dink and then accepting some lies and insult on the internet . 
  like why always saying 1.5 mil died when even wikipedia says 1-1 .5 mil . 
  why exaggerate the numbers ? 
  why do n't we talk about the death on both sides ? 
  yes armenians were effected more and there was the techir law which is a horrible thing but we also have to understand the environment at that time . 
  i see people are comparing holocaust to armenian genocide yet they are very different things . 
  you can not compare the two . 
  the biggest issue i have with all armenians giving out stats or info about the genocide is that they are all one sided . 
  life is not black and white people . 
  ottomans were n't some blood thirsty creatures looking for a massacre . 
  murders and killings happened on the both sides . 
  yes , what happened to armenians is horrible but if you want the world to accept the genocide , you should also recognize what armenians did also at that time ( not every single of them of course ) . 
  i am sorry too for what happened but i am not going to call it a genocide . 
  this term has become a very political term for some people to use it against their enemies or rivals . 
  as far as i know , my ancestors were n't involved in this mess but as a turkish men i have to also stick to my people . 
  last issue i have with this day is that this is a day for armenians to hate turks with all their guts . 
  this day is n't a remembrance day anymore but more of a yearly attack on turkey and turkish people . 
  the hostility i saw by the armenians ( especially in us ) is crazy . 
  some people were ready to beat me up when i did n't even know them . 
  this is wrong . 
  this kind of hatred will solve nothing . 
  especially after what asala did to turkish diplomats for the revenge , it will be very hard for the turkish people to come to a point to apologize . 
  i bet this hatred is same for some turkish people but if we are willing to achieve peace someway in the future , both sides will have to compromise . 
  i do n't care if you downvote me . 
  i just want people to listen to both sides and try to be objective in this situation . 
  i am open to discussions as long as we do n't start to insult each other, 
   do i think they should ? 
  absolutely . 
  this right here is the reason , turkey will not accept anything . 
  i am sure more than 95 % of the armenians think like this and this is what is keeping any apology from happening . 
  this issue is n't a moral issue anymore . 
  this became a political matter just as erdogan is saying . 
  there is a long history of western countries fucking with ottoman empire as well as turkey and this has left ( unfortunately ) a mark on the people . 
  turkish people does n't trust any country at all . 
  it does n't help that there are many armenians , greeks ... hating the turks for everything that had happened does n't help . 
  there needs to be compromise from both sides if we are to see any improvement . 
  hell you seen what happened with the summer protests . 
  we were called terrorists , armenians , greeks , traitors , gays , infidels , jews just because we opposed erdogan and his corruptions . 
  we ca n't even accept ourselves and you guys are waiting for a big apology . 
  as much as i want to see armenian-turkish relations to improve , its not gon na happen . 
  nobody is pretending like nothing happened . 
  this is the biggest bullshit that is spread widely by the armenian propaganda . 
  everyone in turkey knows this . 
  everyone acknowledges the killings and massacres but turkish people are tired of hearing these things every fucking year and frankly nothing will ever happen . 
  turkey just does n't call it a genocide that is all . 
  i am just trying to be realistic here . 
  do you know anything about politics ? 
  armenians rebelled against an old empire and got destroyed because of it . 
  yes , massacres happened and nobody is denying that . 
  hell everyone in turkey knows a lot of armenians died . 
  but the fact is turkish people have suffered from your rebellions as well . 
  you can not just compared your people to the jews as they did n't start a rebellion under the influence of a enemy of the home country . 
  an old country that lost shit loads of land . 
  there is a difference between the suffering of two people and people do usually ignore this . 
  morally fucked up or not . 
  the whole politics is fucked up . 
  turkey is n't the only country that is in a situation like this and what you guys are asking will never happen . 
  i am just a realistic here . 
  our country is so broken right now , we do n't even have good relations with our self . 
  there is no way you will get an apology . 
  that 's the truth, 
  turks have been in anatolia for the last 700 years , i say we also have a claim to those areas as well . 
  it 's not like the area around mount ararat is empty right now . 
  many people live there, 
  you guys are acting like a naive child here .
