  as in the kingdom of jerusalem . 
  damn , now i want to see this put to manga . 
  means father in my language at least . 
  i will however grant that rule 34 ataturk is in the running for dictator best girl . 
  and if it continues , a lot of more people are going to end up as patee . 
  more like mamat\u00dcrk !, 
  and if they try it despite the heavy risk ... well , that 's darwinism for you . 
  best defense is a good offense , no ? 
  ca n't smuggle people across the mediterranean when their boats are blasted to smithereens as soon as they touch the water . 
  to be fair , it 's the leaders of the uk and russia being unpopular in germany . 
  history tends to repeat itself like that . 
  i am aware . 
  the carolingian empire was first and foremost a germanic empire . 
  even after its division into what would later become the holy roman empire and kingdom of france , the monarchy and aristocracy justified their position of power over the lower classes by recalling their germanic ancestry . 
  if more people stay , the more pressure mounts against the government . 
  look at mexico , when the pressure mounts , it can easily be alleviated by the poor illegally fleeing into the usa . 
  and i do n't think the man in question could be a terrorist or a radical of any sort , though recent history has shown us being a fundamentalist muslim is often enough to cause trouble . 
  i do n't think we should let in anyone and we should have total control of who gets in . 
  as the roman empire declined the romans and italians became more or less subservient to the increasingly germanic roman army and its military emperors . 
  as to the romans ' treatment of conquered peoples , they strived to meld their culture and their religion with that of the conquered peoples and more often that naught succeeded . 
  the roman empire was not built upon conquest , but compromise . 
  though they were also capable of exceptional cruelty and at times resorted to it . 
  as to your question , hard to say really . 
  comparing the syrians and the far more numerous economic migrants fleeing to people fleeing the advance of the german war machine and the nazis ' barbarism is in my opinion unfair . 
  when the axis forces occupied yugoslavia , it essentially resulted in a civil war between the various factions in the country , resulting in a communist partisan victory . 
  some fled , some collaborated , but in the end , it is the ones who stayed that won the day and shaped the country 's future for nearly half a century . 
  a more appropriate example would be to ask me if i would turn away communists fleeing nazi oppression . 
  communists were just as hated and feared as the nazis were at the time , and with good reason . 
  do you imagine canada would accept hundreds of fleeing , devoted communists ? 
  communists known for committing assassinations , terrorism and engaging in political violence ? 
  i personally doubt it . 
  i see them as people , they have their stories , their reasons , what of it ? 
  should i care for these people , any member of which could potentially be a radical , if not a potential terrorist , more than the billions of other strangers i occupy this world with ? 
  just like the many nomadic civilisations that swept through ancient mesopotamia , or the european colonists of north america , or the germanic tribes , these people pose a threat to the natives . 
  they have everything to gain , we have everything to lose . 
  rome fell because it failed in suppressing the ever-increasing migrant waves and when it failed , it resorted to employing germanic mercenaries , selling off its lands , anything and everything to survive until it was weak enough to that it could be taken . 
  they were both franks . 
  the tribal distinction of modern-day states is pointless . 
  damn , that sounds awesome !, 
  when exactly have i defended iran . 
  it 's a horrible country . 
  but do i think you can just pack your bags and leave for any european country of your choosing just because the establishment there is oppressive ? 
  you need people in such a country in order to facilitate an overthrow . 
  iran was a wonderful country once , it can be so again . 
  it 's not the russians claiming that , it was forbes . 
  it 's too bad that their opinion of us has n't recently improved ? 
  i really ca n't say , maybe i would . 
  i shutter to think what i would do if i had that kind of power . 
  mainly because i do n't feel any compassion for the migrants , all i see in this foreign mob is a threat to the citizenry . 
  if they would come seeking food or shelter and i knew we had none to give , i would shut my borders to them and let them starve and freeze . 
  because a had of state that prioritises the wellbeing of foreigners over the safety and wellbeing of their own citizenry is a failed one . 
  we can not be compassionate in this matter . 
  consider the roman empire and how it handled mass migration . 
  should we fail in this , it will be the end of our enlightened european society . 
  eastern europe will likely survive though . 
  i 'd establish a series of outposts along the border of turkey and throughout greece , bulgaria and romania , as well as some in spain and barbed wire fences where necessary . 
  these would prevent migrant crossing , with force if necessary . 
  i 'd also mobilise ships to patrol the north african coast and redirect any and all people smuggler ships back to the coast . 
  this undertaking would unite the european peoples more than ever . 
  it 's still the `` good old times '' in most of the world , to think europe is beyond such atrocities is naive . 
  we 've had attempted ethic cleansings in the balkans barely over two decades ago and ethnic tensions in eastern europe still result in conflict . 
  to think western europe , once the africa/middle-eastern and largely muslim population comprises more than half of its population , will still be beyond ethnic cleansing , is delusional . 
  and mass deportation is still very much a thing , just as the mass migration of foreigners is . 
  it is no more terrible than that . 
  but of course , it 's just that it is a messy and potentially lengthy undertaking . 
  best to limit interaction between migrants and the population while shipping economic migrants back to their countries and aiding in the resettling of syrians and iraqis . 
  of course , first we must ensure more migrants will not flood into europe . 
  will someone just build some camps for these people already ? 
  like , somewhere in the countryside where their presence can be concentrated and far away from public eyes . 
  show these economic migrants , seeking a leisurely life , the coldness that befits a people stricken by grief and desperation and resignation to what needs to be done . 
  they will surely return by their own choice . 
  oh , i understand that the unrest in the me was inevitable , i just do n't see merkel 's actions as the actions of a sane head of state . 
  granted , i 'm the kind of person who would answer turkey 's threat of allowing refugees into europe by invading an annexing that little part of turkey that lies in continental europe . 
  that , and occupying the libyan coast to prevent people smugglers from using ngo 's as taxi services to italy . 
  i 'm also for assad staying in power and advocate for the russian federation getting its way , because i enjoy living and would really hate all of eastern europe devolving into a warzone . 
  we should then all open our doors to poor germans who are being prosecuted for `` hate speech '' and `` illegal opinions '' in their native country . 
  what is funny about that is , some of them actually could be children , unlike the new arrivals . 
  immigration from africa and the middle-east is nothing new . 
  iberia , sicily and parts of eastern europe were once in islamic hands . 
  and what of that presence remains today ? 
  should the countries of western europe be flooded by foreigners with foreign values , the countries of eastern europe will bear the mantle of european civilisation , as these countries are unappealing to those , who would leech off of social benefits and would be more than inhospitable to foreigners seeking to subvert the native culture . 
  if deemed important enough , these territories will be reclaimed just as iberia was in the reconquista . 
  a great city burns , set alight by dimwitted , misguided peasants displeased by their leaders . 
  in other words , europe as usual . 
  in others words , europe is getting back on track !, 
  all we need now is the mass brawls like the ones in america . 
  yeah ... you guys should really get fixing your country . 
  a good start is facing the rioters head on like they do in america . 
  i 'd not condoning the use of political violence , but presenting an united front , perhaps intimidating the rioters by making examples out of some of them in self-defense or removing their masks , would surely lead to victory in the streets . 
  well , i am not . 
  i 'd sooner stand with a `` racist '' than an antifa supporter , much less one of the monsters that make up that organisation . 
  the people whose existence makes you happy are terrorists , pure and simple . 
  they damage property , they hurt civilians . 
  damn it feels good to live in eastern/eastern central europe , otherwise soon to be known as `` the nice part of the continent '' . 
  to be fair , maga merkel is equally bad . 
  do n't be . 
  trump is n't doing that bad of a job . 
  he 's got plenty of fans among them dissidents and eurosceptics here in europe . 
  what a legend . 
  remains traditionally hospitable , while purposefully irritating his hated guest through irritans specific to them , throwing them off of their game .
