but of course , why would n't there be ? 
  if eastern europe is a land of frequent ethnic tensions , where old grudges give rise to new atrocities , as conventional wisdom dictates , why would n't there be ethic tensions between eastern europeans and turks ? 
  after all , for the entire early modern period and part of the late modern period , the ottomans were the antagonists of eastern europe , a foreign empire seeking to subjugate the people of eastern europe . 
  the turks are the antagonists of our folk tales , from king mathias to martin krpan , we are taught from an early age that the turks raided and pillaged their way across our lands , kidnapping young boys to train into janissary soldiers , who they send out to do the same . 
  the very land itself has been shaped by the conflict with the turks . 
  markets were allowed to build defensive walls to defend against the ottoman raids . 
  in maribor , we have an entire section of the city ( tabor ) named after where suleiman the magnificent and his army made camp when they unsuccessfully besieged the city in 1532 . 
  we have a story about that as well about a little shoemaker who saved the city by flooding a moat and drowning the turkish sappers trying to mine through the wall . 
  then the german nation will be doomed to never rise again to the heights of the past . 
  this germany in name only will be ripped apart by its neighbouring central european countries in a post-eu europe . 
  ultimately , i think germany could fracture into several independent states . 
  after all , without the concept of a german nation , regional identity will return . 
  is that all ? 
  honor dictates you walk in their blood . 
  knee deep !, 
  in all honestly , this is very , very good news . 
  the uk is safer for it . 
  what is even our most upvoted image ? 
  a picture of our own flag ? 
  if they are lumped together with other asylum seekers , such an identification could prove dangerous . 
  they should be granted seperate housing for their own safety . 
  i have n't felt this much hope in ages . 
  it would n't be the first time the americans have come to our aid to defend europe from a clear and present threat . 
  coincidentally , germany was to blame for that as well . 
  that may be so , but these are desperate times . 
  and in such times , you really are n't in a position to be picky with your allies . 
  our history is a history of opposing forces making compromises and unlikely alliances against a common threat . 
  such groups rising in power is no surprise . 
  the last few years have seen a wellspring of nationalism across the eu . 
  in the interest of presenting a united front and further defusing the migrant crisis , i think the threat of radical identitarianism should be addressed at a later date . 
  it poses no real threat , merely piggybacking off the rise in nationalism . 
  imagine my shock . 
  honestly , i approve of this . 
  if the eu is unable or unwilling to stop these migrant ships , it is up to the various member states or ngos such as this one to take matters into their own hands . 
  if we have ngos patrolling the libyan coast and essentially ferrying migrants across the mediterranean , we sure as hell should have ngos blocking those ngos and diverting migrant boats . 
  i would too , honestly . 
  but they do n't see us as better . 
  and if our demographics are drastically altered , if these foreign cultures and religions uproot the native ones , we wo n't be remembered as such . 
  we will be remembered as the romans , advanced culturally and scientifically , but but decried as pagans , whose culture fell because it was inferior to the then prevailing culture . 
  that will be our legacy . 
  do you think isis supporters see us as better when they pass through our open borders to infect the minds of youths ? 
  do you think the people smugglers see us as better ? 
  are we even better if we fail in the and those we consider worse succeed ? 
  they have brought a war to our doorstep , and war does n't decide who is right or wrong , but who is left . 
  honor is useless when you are the only one who acts honorably . 
  you ca n't have your cake and eat it too . 
  i can tell you this much . 
  our history is filled with tales of terrorists and dictators . 
  of strong leaders , be they monarchs , elected officials or military commanders . 
  of freedom fighters , partisans and heroic outlaws . 
  some times freedoms are curtailed to ensure stability , sometimes the people take up arms and commit acts of unimaginable terror to their fellow man . 
  we are only pretending to be better , but in the end , we are n't better , and we are n't worse either . 
  we are just different . 
  it will be if we continue on our present course . 
  and i do n't want us to come to that . 
  close our doors to the migrants , or at the very least all but actual refugees . 
  put them in refugee camps and return them to syria when assad inevitably returns to power . 
  blockade the libyan coast and turn away any boat trying to cross the sea , with force if necessary . 
  sooner or later they will get the message . 
  and if not , well , that 's darwinism for you . 
  i would n't expect the same kindness from half of the countries from where these migrants originate . 
  why should we be any better ? 
  for if we continue at our present course , eventually we will lose the very things that make us better . 
  our respect for the individual , our enlightened values . 
  in the end , history will remember us not as the better party , but as the weaker one . 
  what is considered `` ethical '' is subject to interpretation . 
  i personally find it unethical and irresponsible to allow these foreigners to cross into the schengen . 
  a world without borders is utopian . 
  in the end , humans are animals , and nations , countries with borders , are our habitats , our cages , our pens . 
  what we have here in europe is just a much bigger pen , and now we are seeing what happens when the pen gate is n't shut . 
  the predators get in , and the food starts running scarce . 
  that pen ceases to exist and returns to the wild . 
  that is what a world without borders is , and a country or union that does not enforce its borders or has a weak immigration policy is just as bad . 
  order and rule of law , safety and security , those things i consider of greater importance that the lives of hundreds of thousands of faceless strangers undertaking a perilous journey to countries they consider lands of plenty , that in most cases do not want them and can not care for them in the long run . 
  it may be unethical to leave people in the freezing water clawing at the lifeboat , begging to be let aboard , but when the boat reaches its capacity , you can either submit to your compassion and doom not only yourself , but all of the other occupants , or you take up the paddle , you empty yourself of all compassion , everything that makes you a good person and in that moment , be the person you need to be to survive and start swinging . 
  then the german constitution is flawed and should be revised . 
  i would to be honest , but that 's only because i do not think saving their lives is an important as the economic and social strain they would put on the native populace . 
  more than half of them are n't leaving war on any sort of persecution anyway . 
  if they want to go to germany and enjoy it 's social benefits , they can apply for citizenship from their home countries like everybody else . 
  western europe has screw up immensely and is trying to drag eastern and central-eastern europe down with it . 
  the eu has only ever been a western european union in spirit , as the immigration crisis following the lifting of the iron curtain and the balkan wars have shown us . 
  but hope lies in the endless march of time . 
  that map in the right corner over there , those borders , they are not and never were fixed . 
  nations rearrange , people migrate , even now . 
  if we but embraced our past , we could end this crisis in a year or less . 
  but we wo n't . 
  so , the only this left to us is to hold the land , no matter what it costs us . 
  against the waves , we must be like immovable stones , our foundation being the traditions and beliefs that predate even our modern-day nations . 
  we owe it to future generations to uphold our values , preserve our homelands thad had been past down to us . 
  one day , the eu will fade and crumble , but the nations of europe will still be here . 
  our ancestral homelands , our languages , our traditions , they will endure . 
  all we need do is fight for them when called upon . 
  how about we just invade libya and ship them all there ? 
  the country has been a mess since gaddafi was killed . 
  we need to establish order . 
  firstly , we would cut off the sea route entirely , and secondly , we could deport the migrants there , as our puppet government would accept them without question . 
  perhaps not in germany , but elsewhere ? 
  i think it could be done . 
  there should be no push for integration , these people are meant to be here temporarily . 
  it used to be , kind of .
