  and should relations with russia and the usa improve in the next 4-8 years and in the coming decades , the eu could be fighting this fight alone . 
  if a house is divided against itself , that house can not stand . 
  `` he will win who knows when to fight and when not to fight . '', 
  - sun tzu . 
  i wonder if the eu will outlast the russian federation ? 
  the soviet union did n't last a century , though russia , corrupt as it is , is still built on more solid ground than the eu . 
  i find the concept of a yugoslavia 2.0 less far fetched than an eu that will last to the 22th century , let alone any longer . 
  only russia does not seem to be oppressing the people of crimea . 
  sure , they suppressed the tatar vote during the referendum , but largely it would appear the crimeans are more content under russian rule than under the rule of the revolutionary government . 
  the key word is `` together '' . 
  as history has shown us , an army , no , a mob of soldiers who can barely communicate , are trained differently and have fundamentally different world views and interests , is a losing army , if it can be even considered as such . 
  look to iberia and the moorish conquest of the visigoths . 
  that would be europe 's fate is an organised army ever invaded it , if not for the eastern states , which have struggled against the russians for centuries . 
  we are more of a herd , loosely following the whims of a select few . 
  russia would not need to conquer europe , merely cut the head off the snake . 
  in a few decisive blows the eu could be destroyed . 
  with no leadership , do you really think the armies of europe would oppose the single largest one in the continent ? 
  or would they sue for peace ? 
  the slovenes have fought for their independence from austro-hungary in order to join the fledgeling state of slovenes , croats and serbs under general rudolf maister . 
  we have done that . 
  maister is remembered as one of our greatest heroes and i 'm sure if and when eastern ukraine become part of the russian federation , those that were sacrificed for their victory in the civil war will be remembered with honors . 
  if prekmurje wanted to join hungary and held a referendum , i 'd like to think i 'd be okay with it . 
  well , that has been the norm for centuries , has n't it ? 
  things here in former yugoslavia may be peaceful for now , but military intervention has only postponed the conflict . 
  ethnic tensions will rise once more and blood will undoubtedly be shed . 
  they say the term `` ethnic cleansing '' was invented in the balkan for a reason , after all . 
  and the russian federation may not even outlast putin by far , at least in its current form . 
  but crimea returning to ukraine ? 
  doubtful . 
  i could see it perhaps becoming an autonomous state like kosovo in the event of a reorganisation or collapse of the federation . 
  hey , i will admit that i 've been on the side of the russians since day one of this crimea business . 
  i fully subscribe to the ideology that ww3 has to be prevented by any means necessary and appeasing the russians and allowing them to behave as a military superpower , which they are , is a prince i am more than willing to pay . 
  i will concede most ukrainians are n't , but apparently some would be more than happy to join the federation , or did russia just import those freedom fighters , some barely grown , trying to avenge their families ? 
  those people are n't just pieces on a chessboard to be sacrificed !, 
  prolonging a hopeless conflict like the one in east ukraine is the very definition of heartlessness . 
  but , ultimately that is the nature of eastern europe . 
  peace is fleeting and fighting amongst ethnicities for whatever reason is the norm . 
  do n't let them back in . 
  if it is safe enough to party , it 's safe enough to live there . 
  a couple of months or years of rebuilding in the dust and ashes of the war would be good for them , give them time to reflect , build character . 
  it worked for europe . 
  absolutely stunning . 
  it almost looks photoshopped . 
  are we still on about this ? 
  it 's been years . 
  crimea is a russian island now . 
  the bloody situation in eastern ukraine needs addressing , not a battle that has long since been lost . 
  to be fair , `` do n't poke the bear you share a landmass with who has a tendency to take chunks out your neighbours '' , is a pretty solid political strategy . 
  military superpowers just get to push around smaller states , that is just how it is , how it has always been . 
  good . 
  maybe we can get this whole crimea business sorted . 
  russia intervened , potentially manipulated a referendum and annexed it . 
  done and done . 
  russia will never relinquish ukraine , as it is vital to their interests in the black sea . 
  it 's not worth starting a war over by the usa or nato as a whole , and it 's not like the usa has the moral high ground . 
  russia simply moved to protect its interests and a population threatened by the new regime . 
  well , if you ca n't beat 'em , join 'em . 
  could be fun , who knows ? 
  about as czech as driving slowly on route to the adriatic beaches i 'd say . 
  i am more referring to the athenians voting to execute some of their best naval commanders after a successful battle of arginusae because the mob believed there were too many casualties . 
  and then there is the matter of alcibiades . 
  in the end , true democracy failed . 
  who would you rather captain a ship , some random person or one trained to captain a ship ? 
  if you would rather have the latter , then why have random people , uneducated on politics , decide who rules ? 
  that was the question posed by plato . 
  technically , he was re-elected in 2014 . 
  while the validity of those election is perhaps questionable , there 's a civil war on , and if ancient athens has taught us anything , it 's that you ca n't have true democracy during wartime and expect to win . 
  the borders of both syria and iraq would have to be redefined either way . 
  syria had a shiite minority in power , iraq had a sunni minority in power . 
  forced migration or the rearrangement of borders could lead to a lasting peace . 
  a kurdish state being created would be the ideal outcome of the civil war . 
  war is a messy thing , borders are redefined , populations are moved about . 
  by the end of this , assad could still be the leader of syria , syria would just look different . 
  a kurdish state could result from the civil war for example . 
  i just love how obama , cameron and numerous others said years ago that assad has to go , and they 've since gone , but assad remains . 
  it 's priceless . 
  ca n't mossad the assad , that lovable shoe salesman looking pseudo-dictator . 
  this is very good news . 
  removing assad should never have been a priority to begin with . 
  assad staying in power is the only practical way syria will ever know peace in the foreseeable future . 
  the age of enlightenment is all well and good , but the enlightened values we so cherish are still rooted in judeo-christian values and the rediscovery of philosophies and ideologies rooted in antiquity . 
  a while back , i fundamentally disliked religion as a concept , but lately i 've come to understand the importance of religion . 
  religion in western society has started to lose its importance and is slowly being replaced by ideology and the ritualism that comes with it . 
  rationalism will never defeat islam , at least not on its own or at all , seeing as how neo-liberal activists seem to jump at the chance to excuse radical muslim behavior and practices , which only makes it harder for moderate muslims seeking to reform the religion , as we have centuries ago . 
  no , you are living in an `` utopian '' future . 
  it seems you would undermine the very foundations our society is built upon . 
  a european union which would reject all religion , especially the native religions that have shaped it for centuries , seems to me like a different type of union all together . 
  and look how that one turned out . 
  we live in cruel , beautiful , wonderful and terrible world . 
  let people have their religion , find comfort and purpose it in . 
  it is enviable really . 
  as long as it does not negatively affect others and infringe upon their rights , it 's fine . 
  this is what r/europe should be . 
  honest discussion , no matter how out of line the opinions of those participating are . 
  fortunately we 've gotten that mostly sorted , no thanks to merkel . 
  then the wise thing to do going forward would be to try and stamp out political islam , would n't it ? 
  stamp out hate preaching , make wahhabism , salafism and shariah law illegal . 
  have mosques monitored to make sure these bans are in effect . 
  we probably wo n't see mosques become weapons caches for terrorist cells , as we saw not too long ago . 
  but it is important to make the distinction between regular islam and political islam .
