  i think anybody could take out merkel . 
  she 's not exactly in impressive shape . 
  at least you did n't say `` did i forget to turn the gas off ? '', 
  nah , merkel is just a bil ` ol fat person . 
  what sort of monster would deny president vladimir v. putin his high five ? 
  i 'd like to see merkel explain how her actions regarding the migrant crisis will have any upsides . 
  if you want to ruin your whole continent , go ahead . 
  though , i would n't wish it upon you guys , my opinion of you has just recently improved . 
  merkel is a shit tier world leader . 
  she 's barely above erdogan the watermelon seller . 
  putin and trump are god tier . 
  oh yes , very much . 
  know her name and her shame will last forever . 
  the germans sure know how to pick 'em . 
  i sincerely hope you used that term ironically . 
  trump is the leader of the free world , merkel was never deserving of that title . 
  a leader who imprisons her own citizens for having illegal opinions never could be . 
  i ca n't wait until germany drops this criminal and elects a leader who takes some pride in the nation he or she governs . 
  that 's the most powerful man on earth you are rolling your eyes at frau merkel . 
  be careful , or he will release the hounds again . 
  if god by some miracle does in fact exist , he or more appropriately said , `` it '' would probably be judged sick by our lowly human standards . 
  how could an entity that created or at the very least presides over the ever-growing universe , a universe with such infinite complexity , of astounding beauty and unimaginably cruel fate , be anything but ? 
  i sincerely hope there is more to us , to everything , than this finite existence . 
  be it reincarnation , heaven , hell , limb , other planes of existence or alternate dimensions . 
  even the world being presided over by a twisted , lovecraftian entity , is preferable to non-existence . 
  but i see your point . 
  if god is real , he has a twisted sense of humor . 
  still better than nothing in my opinion . 
  good . 
  foreign boats may be obligated to pick up refugees at sea , but they certainly are n't obligated to transport them to their desired destination , simply to the nearest port . 
  which would in most cases be on the coast of libya or tunisia . 
  good on you italy !, 
  if you manage to help solve this migrant kerfuffle , we might even stop complaining to you about trieste as thanks . 
  probably not though . 
  i 'm all for a right to a fair trial , i would certainly prefer to be tried than executed . 
  i 'm also against the death penalty , as i would n't want the government to be able to terminate my life , trial or no trial . 
  but , just as i believe a life can be taken if one 's life or another 's life is threatened , so to do i believe lives can be taken in war to achieve victory and protect the citizenry , be it through terrorism or a nation imposing its will on another . 
  these `` assassinations '' conducted by a foreign allied army in their country are a necessary compromise . 
  if these traitors were apprehended or somehow escaped and returned to france , potentially under new identities to exact jihad upon the populace , or were even tried and not found guilty or received inadequate sentencing , would you not wish they were dealt with on the battlefield ? 
  can you honestly tell me the blood of the innocent staining the streets of cities , loved ones lost , property damaged , society destabilised , is preferable to bending the rules ? 
  and for what ? 
  upholding a flawed system that has already failed so many . 
  the rules must evolve to the ever changing nature of the battlefield . 
  not sure what `` exectured '' means , but i assume you meant `` executed '' . 
  these traitors ceased being citizens the moment they took up arms with an organisation at war with the state in a foreign country . 
  they are already dead . 
  this is not a police action !, 
  there is no communication , only an exchange of bullets . 
  in any case , these traitors present a clear and present threat to the people , should they return to france . 
  if they are lucky , these traitors will be returning to their homeland in boxes , if anything remains to be sent back . 
  and war crimes ? 
  really ? 
  military super powers routinely kill civilians in counter-terrorism operations , and we are still talking of war crimes as if they are to be taken seriously ? 
  war crimes only ever apply to the loser , rarely if ever the victor . 
  this is war , and in war , those who go by the book , those shacked by rules , will be outmaneuvered by those that do n't , those that think innovatively . 
  they chose to leave their homeland for that hellhole , do n't expect them to crawl back out of it . 
  exactly . 
  and if they return from the battlefield , where they fought for the opposing side , they shall be charged with treason , along with any other crimes they may be suspected of , and tried . 
  should they not be found guilty , they should be given freedom , but should still be observed carefully . 
  frankly , i 'd sooner see them hunted down in iraq than return home , armed with the training in conducting acts of terror on the innocent civilian populous . 
  this is war , and in war , everything comes down to cold hard numbers . 
  kill this treasonous citizen in a foreign country without trial and save 50 innocent citizens in your country . 
  at that point , they stop being citizens of france and become declared enemies of france . 
  they have joined an organisation , a rogue state , at war with france . 
  as i said , if they leave the battlefield and return to france , they should be tried . 
  but in combat , one is not afforded the luxury of a trial . 
  on the battlefield , there is only summary execution . 
  quite possible . 
  and i assume that is a thing to be avoided ? 
  better hope russia does n't fall apart then . 
  unless putin has a strong successor in mind , a revolution seems almost inevitable in the event of his death . 
  putin is pretty popular , so if he endorsed a certain statesman as his successor , i think a revolution could be averted . 
  i 'm not saying the usa would side with russia , rather , it would n't oppose russia on principle . 
  they are rivals , competing which has hegemonic rule over the planet . 
  athens and sparta . 
  rome and carthage . 
  if the two simply learned to coexist , perhaps even cooperate , like we believed they would in syria , the countries of europe would more or less stand alone against russian imperialism . 
  and i have to tell you , in countries with little to no history with russia , meaning no bad blood , the opinions on russia as a state and putin as a leader can be pretty positive . 
  putin received a warm welcome in my country when he came to commemorate a monument to russian soldiers , with little to no people opposed to his visit . 
  the pro-russian sentiment is in many ways genuine , or fueled by self-interest due to business dealings with russian companies . 
  i 've long speculated that russia could find a way to extend its influence into the mediterranean through the balkan . 
  i think that would largely depend on erdogan now and the future of the sultanate of rum ... 
  i mean turkey . 
  the most dangerous game . 
  as in some of them could be explosive . 
  we could always bring back feudalism and send everybody but the firstborns to fight our wars for us in return for plunder and land ? 
  they are traitors by definition and should be killed as enemy combatants . 
  if any should change their mind and return , they should be immediately detained and tried as traitors . 
  any man or woman that leaves their own country to pursue jihad and returns to their country should not be trusted . 
  who is to say they did n't bring their war with them ? 
  i suppose it would largely depend on what the future decades bring . 
  the rf in its current form certainly wo n't outlast putin by far , revolutions would break out across the country and parts of russia could potentially break off and form their own states . 
  however , there would still be a russia , a diminished one perhaps , but a powerful state nonetheless . 
  and that is in the event putin is n't succeeded by a competent statesman . 
  putin is an ambitious man . 
  the rf is his legacy . 
  with the arctic sea thawing , russia could potentially become a great naval power in the coming decades , controlling shipping routes between europe and asia . 
  we could be dealing with an even more powerful rf in the future , while faced with strong dissidence and pro-russian sentiment here in the eu . 
  think about the many communist organisation in europe in the second half of the 20th century . 
  only these would be pro-russia , nationalist and anti-eu in nature .
