as austrian , this is a little better then i expected . 
  kinda makes me wonder if we already would have full marriage equality if we had n't made gay civil unions legal a few years ago . 
   when people are losing their feet when they go outside , you keep the door closed . 
  when people are doing a steeplechase over chainsaws , losing a foot is indeed their own fault . 
  just to be clear : you would just let someone bleed to death on your front lawn instead of bothering to help him in my hypothetical situation ? 
   nobody will benefit from moving the refugee camps from africa to europe . 
  not what i am advocating . 
  well yeah , most people here seem to be on my side , the top post even boldly proclaims that letting people drown is kinda morally wrong . 
  but there are posts like these also ( all with positive votes , except the last one ) , and that suprised me tbh . 
   surely there would n't be 100,000 people trying to cross the mediterranean each year if they knew they were going to drown . 
   it takes a very specific brand of warped , guilt-laced dementia to somehow consider it our responsibility to not only accept and tolerate illegal immigrants , but actively help them come here . 
  the case for it is entirely based on empty sentimental nonsense . 
  if we stopped saving them , there 'd be a whole lot less trying to come over in rust buckets in the first place . 
   europe has plenty of problems and limited resources . 
  this is n't crucial to our future , nor is it our responsibility to bail out every reckless migrant who intentionally puts themself in a deadly situation . 
   it 's not europe 's responsibility . 
  the politically correct should be told to turn around and blame africa because it is they who are causing every single death . 
   europe should stop all of these appallingly expensive rescues . 
   you 're still operating under the assumption that i care about these people in any way whatsoever . 
  we are not talking about third world mass immigration , we are talking about saving people who are about to drown . 
  i for one think that they should be sent back to wherever they came from if at all possible . 
  wow . 
  i did not expect the comment section to be like this . 
  have we really come this far ? 
  has the recession really hit us this hard ? 
  have thinner pockets still this power to colden our hearts ? 
  have the fearmongerings of the right-wingers really been this effective ? 
  have we in this subreddit really overcome fanatical nationalism just to give way to fanatical continentalism ? 
  as the richest continent in the world , you will seriously say we do n't have the money to save these people ? 
  you will seriously say you do n't care about the lives of your fellow man that much ? 
  if a dying man came crawling on your lawn with a sawn of foot , what would you do first ? 
  would you try to discover to what extent it was their own fault ( should have worn more protection ) ? 
  would you bitch about why they came to your lawn of all the places , and think about making a higher fence ? 
  or would you just help them ? 
  austria is number 1 !, 
  but yeah , this is pretty accurate . 
  although i personally would n't mind if germany became a part of austria again / s. 
  it 's a big plus for switzerland tho . 
  germany . 
  it 's basically the same country anyway . 
  it was a klose victory , but nevertheless congratulations to the neuer champions . 
  judicial sytem , flag , anthem etc. 
  i understand , but one sport team ? 
  where is the challenge in that ? 
  did n't mean to write this much , tldr : sadly , yes . 
  it can get pretty ridiculous . 
  granted this is a pretty extreme example , but many germans ( and i mean this culturually , so this includes austrians ) do this to some degree . 
  german soldiers ( even of wwi ) are n't honoured nearly as much as the ones of other countries ( including axis ones like japan ) , and every second political debate devolves at one into insunuating that the opponent is a nazi ( the worst insult of them all of course ) . 
  there 's even an expression for this in the german language , `` ins rechte eck stellen '' , literally to put something in the right corner . 
  the lengths some go into for doing this can be hilarious . 
  at that point the discussion is more or less over , because what good is it talking to a nazi ? 
  it 's kind of sad , but really i think it is almost inevitable in such a situation . 
  every school child in germany and austria is confronted with this in history class , not just as in learning it from a textbook , but visiting the actual camps , and seeing the pistures on the walls of people who were killed there . 
  germany is not the only countries that has committed horrible crimes against humanity ( not that i want to in any way minimise these crimes ) , but it is the only country that really recognised it , admitted ist guilt , and did n't try to minimize it . 
  that 's of course going to create some fallout . 
  when faced with such horror , there are two instinctive reactions ( kind of like fight or flight ) : to close you eyes from it , for example saying , yeah it happened , but the wehrmacht was totally innocent ( wich was a popular myth for a long time ) , or even in the most extreme cases say it did n't happen at all . 
  ( thankfully those are relatively rare ) the other , is hate . 
  and do n't get me wrong , hating nazis is not a bad thing . 
  but hate is seldom totally rational , and so it can kind of `` spill over '' , even to the point where you hate an entire nation . 
  thankfully , with younger generations coming along , it is getting better . 
  most young austrians ( not sure about the germans in germany itself ) at least have won back some sort of patriotism . 
  and even better , it is not a patriotism that goes together with jingoism or hate , as it does in some other countries , but a deep , honest , peaceful sense of pride . 
  all things considered , it still is better then kind of sweeping a genocide under the rug like turkey for example . 
  the problem here is that he 's german . 
  no nationality has even close to the ammount of hatred for germany some germans have . 
   33 % of germany voted for the nazis  so , if no one voted the nazis into power the strawman is strong in this one . 
  way to miss my actual point . 
  for the record , i did n't do jack shit . 
  i wo n't apologise for something i did n't do . 
  what country are you from anyway ? 
  do i bring up the evil your country did ? 
  do i expect you to apologise for the shit you ancestors failed to prevent ? 
  and yes , saying all germans that were n't yews were nazis is racist . 
  it 's a value judgement based entirely on race . 
  and , socialsists , communists , centrists , apolitical people , gays , roma and sinti to name a few . 
  it 's almost as if the world is n't just black and white . 
  edit : also , quite frankly , your statement is racist . 
  actually it 's the `` there were people in nazi germany that were not nazis '' - song . 
  `` i 'd like the british public to remember the german soldiers , as well as ours , and i do n't mean the nazis . '', 
  very important point . 
  too many people , for whatever reason refer to wehrmacht soldiers as `` the nazis '' . 
  and even if it 's not meant that way , that just is a fucking insult . 
  it sends out a more accurate message , at least in cases similar to u/fallenbleak 's . 
  other then the pure results , people also look at other voting statistics , namely the percentage of eligable people that actually voted , and the number of people that handed in an invalid ballot ( for example if it was handed in empty , or just with a dickbutt ) . 
  a high ammount of non-voters will make people assume ( rightly or wrongly ) that those people are just lazy , or do n't care about the outcome of the election ( and if that 's the case , sure do n't vote ) . 
  a high ammount of invalid votes is usually seen as a sign of disconent with the options on the ballot . 
  the people analising these statistics are not just hosts on the news with nothing else to talk about , but also political leaders and their campaign advisers , including those that think about running in the future . 
  specificly a high number of invalid votes will serve as a sign to new parties or independents that there is a lot of voter potential to be had from those voters ( that have also proven themselves to be active ) , wich can lead to more political diversity , and a higher chance you will find a voteable candidate on your next ballot . 
  sorry if this explenation is kinda long-winded or unclear , i 'm a bit tired at the moment . 
  then say you decided not to vote because the weather is kinda bad . 
  what about handing in an empty ballot ? 
  still better then not showing up at all . 
  he was literally hitler . 
  ... and then there is a russian minority there that has to be freed by `` local militias '' again . 
  also not communist , but dat soviet anthem ... 
  germany is a strait a student . 
  he comes from a rich and prestigous family , and his parents are very strict . 
  so strict in fact , that he dreads bringing a a - on a test back home . 
  despite beeing a nerd , he is quite popular , because he always has the best and newest toys . 
  austria is germanys twin brother .
