monetarily i 'd say of course not , but one is monetary wealth and the other has massive effects on self-identity . 
  both could be devastating for those involved , it 'd just be different kinds of people ( high risk investors vs. political idealists ), 
  with people as engaged as they were , i 'd call it a safe call . 
  / r/bitcoin did the same yonks back when the value crashed - it might seem silly but if you really care about something high tension and hopes crashing can lead people in bad places to consider dark things i 'd say it 's just being cautious . . maybe overly so . 
  but i imagine the number would 've been posted anyway , a little under half of scotland was going to be disappointed today, 
  and then in a sudden plot twist , everything fragments until we have portions of scotland as a state , london as a state , wales and part of england as the uk , northern ireland has a war for a while , cork seperates from the rest of ireland so they can be a capital ... 
  it 'd help us print new history books though , so there is that, 
  god , imagine the mess if the northern irish were told they were still seperate from ireland , but no longer british because now they are american , and the republic is in on it too . 
  this is a scary plan , no no no, 
  i feel like collaboration and a united front can be solidified without a federalized europe , i truly do not wish to see my country - that has rejoiced my whole life in its hard won freedom - to sell its sovereignty to pitch in to a bigger global voice i do n't think superpowers help the cause of world peace , i think trade pacts , globalization through technology and trade , and education will bring about a better world . 
  europe will not be strongarmed out of relevance also , i seriously and honestly love your username !, 
  i disagree that the eu is unsustainable in its present state , and i think that the numbers unhappy with eu membership as is are very vocal fringe members on opposing sides . 
  there is a large middle to whom this is a non-issue , seeing as most nations do not debate either leaving the eu or becoming a federation, 
  i hold the opposite view about superstates than you , i suppose . 
  i think that nations merging into giant forces is how you threaten egos and bring about cold war we do n't want to make russia compete with us . 
  we want to be diplomats , a trade hub , a prosperous and advanced union . 
  and we already do that without having to dilute the significance of our countries and their capacity to represent the views of their citizens i am out of touch , as i truly did n't realize others felt so marginalized and insignificant as the major world power that the eu already is, 
  i do n't see what about the currently existing system is failing anyone i guess it comes down to ramanticizing . 
  you view a federal giant european world power as brilliant . 
  i feel like we already joined and have that , and see no reason to sell out my nation to rebrand that , which is so very recently free . 
  i believe we already have the benefits of being a singular power and have no desire for ireland to be a state of europe . 
  i currently live in america , and with all due respect to a wonderful nation , becoming similar to a state of america is exactly the fate i do n't want for my country your cities are different , but by much much less than europe . 
  travel a tiny distance through europe and you will be in a vastly different place with a long memory . 
  areas in the usa are a lot less distinct i have only been to florida , massachusetts , wisconsin , illinois and denver . 
  but still , those pale in comparison to having been to spain , france , england and ireland . 
  not in terms of how nice the place is , but very much in terms of how different they are , and the attitudes . 
  it 's your example of things being fine , and it 's my idea of the negative outcome states are still different , but it is slight and aromantic . 
  i want my nation to be itself , and it spend a very long time fighting to be free . 
  i wont sell that out when i consider the eu to be a perfectly functional union , i see no additional benefit to a federal europe, 
  if somebody is being very aggressive in a bar , you and your friends do not merge into a voltron superfriend to threaten him , you pacify and consider not supporting that dude in the future since he is kind of a rampaging dick i do n't see the eu being irrelevant at any stage , nor do i see any decline . 
  we currently do very much have both national sovereignty and a communal vehicle for representation and i do n't see why people feel insecure about the longevity of that, 
  i seem to disagree in general . 
  i do n't think the europe needs to merge into a superstate to remain relevant . 
  i do n't think the era of small nations is over , or will be . 
  i think the world would be a little more dull that way , and i do n't believe europe would face a credible threat to our collective well being - or that any individual society would be more likely to engage in a conflict against its own best interests - with any greater tenacity as a superstate as opposed to a likeminded union of individual nations . 
  i value sovereignty and culture . 
  i want the world to grow more understanding , not more homogenous , and i view a federal european superpower as a step in the wrong direction, 
  i feel like the earth would be a bit more boring if it was made up of territories and not nations . 
  also i 'm irish and was raised on pride and love of my home after finally winning our freedom . 
  i do n't see me voting that away for financial security or a more efficient bureaucracy . 
  team eu all the way , but no to federal states of europe, 
  i could only tell because the order of the words was all out of place , like each word had been translated and left where it 'd be in an english sentence i 'm also not good at all , which is a shame because i do love the language . 
  it 's just that it is taught in a very sterile , boring manner . 
  other nations adore being able to gossip about the tourists in front of them , but not us, 
  `` you are trying to always centre lynch an english person in a position of power '' i had trouble with the sentence structure there , did you put it as an english sentence through google translate ? 
  `` it 's okay for me to be judgemental or dismissive of others , because my views are correct '' - every jerk ever, 
  it 's an episode called `` wormy '' , here is the transcript  http://spongebob.wikia.com/wiki/wormy_ ( transcript ), 
  `` put the globalists in their place '' i do n't understand how anyone can be spitefully or triumphantly opposed to globalism . 
  togetherness , connectivity , greater personal freedom to live where we please and live our own lives while more easily travelling and integrating . 
  we 're all stronger together . 
  i do not understand this cultural shift . 
  this is precedent setting . 
  maybe society ca n't learn from history , and we 'll just shift back and forth between nationalism and globalism every few generations . 
  all the best to all . 
  we 'll see how this goes . 
  thank you for sharing , this was refreshing to hear, 
  we can certainly whinge about the little things . 
  i just mean that i find the `` well darn . '', 
  kind of like , `` and here is the part where the famine was only a small bit utterly annihilating . 
  and on the next page ... '', 
  thanks for explaining that , i knew that women had a bigger presence in higher education but i guess i was n't connecting those dots i suppose men stay for manual labour in rural areas , then . 
  it 's the largest chunk of dark pink on the graph i must be massively out of the loop for job opportunities for women in rural parts of ireland . 
  a lot of people are just hoping the most vocal naysayer who wanted out ( the uk ) will lead to a more cohesive and co-ordinated group . 
  in terms of federalisation , it 's mostly british people i 've personally heard discuss a federal eu , mentioning it as something they do n't want to be part of . 
  it 's eu people searching for a silver lining , more or less . 
  they might even be right !, 
  i hope they are , at least , and we can collaborate better in the future leading to happier and better aligned member states, 
  i 've always found it quite cute . 
  we 're a bit used to misery , so we 've no need to dramatise things . 
  plus , it 's not like we hide the nature of things , we just name them overly simply, 
  not contradicting you at all , why would it be that women are more mobile ? 
  i have had amazing experience with the irish postal service , an post . 
  i 'm surprised we only rank 20th an elderly family relative would send letters across the country to us every year . 
  they 'd be written in a scrawl with our names and street spelt wrong , in a wobble that showed the struggle and love that went into writing the letters . 
  we got two letters a year , same as it 'd always been on our birthdays and at christmas . 
  not one ever missed us , even though when we 'd show the envelopes to each other ( only in the family ) we often could n't read them . 
  if an post are 20th , these other countries above us have resilient postal systems and staff with fantastic memories . 
  ireland does n't hate the us , nor do the irish . 
  i 'm sure some people do , but i doubt it 's in any way statistically significant we 're currently having a vote in ireland about whether the irish abroad should have a vote in our elections - it 's a legitimate point being made , we do n't consider the irish diaspora to be as foreign as many nations do with their `` expats '' which is not a term i 've ever heard in ireland perhaps the teasing is n't taken too well , but that 's standard fair in ireland . 
  if you ca n't mock someone , you are n't friends . 
  america is pretty well liked by ireland as for the neutrality , we 've made some controversial blurring of those neutral lines in the past , specifically to help america . 
  a lot of people have a lot of family there , and many feel closer to boston than brussels . 
  i 'm saying that as a person born and raised in ireland who currently lives in boston and loves it here . 
  ireland and america have an entwined history - eamon devalera , an irish president and prime minister , was born american . 
  our entire history would be completely different without america , and millions of americans are entitled to the same level of irish citizenship as i am . 
  our nations are neither strangers nor enemies , and it 's good to foster friendship, 
  many people do n't understand how the modern irish dialogue can so bitterly remember being wronged in the past when we did n't live through it , but we relate to those events by imagining all the brits conducted themselves then as you do now . 
  that 's my way of calling you a wanker . 
  would you really be okay with living your entire life not having a say in the world because your grandparents did n't want you to ? 
  you 're putting far too much power into the hands of the present at the expense of the principles of the state . 
  the erosion of democracy is the muzzling of generations , and i will absolutely begrudge it . 
  a relevant quote , as you offered one : `` the tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants . '', 
  - thomas jefferson hopefully in the future democracy can prove to re-establish itself firmly and at minimal cost , but that 's a rare thing . 
  it may be best to leave this conversation be , i do n't see any minds changing, 
  i agree with you that people have the right to choose what is best for them at that time in their own interests , which is why i disagree with the dissolution of democracy that prevents a future generation from having those rights , those choices , and that legal agency . 
  in fact , i agree with you so passionately that i am hurt at the thought of people denying that capacity to others in the future so they can have some sort of gilded , eternal say over what their country is . 
  change is good . 
  look at our flairs and consider what life would be like if you and i were restrained by how our peoples two centuries past would like us to treat each other . 
  the will of a group rightfully dies with them - we may live our own lives , and never our childrens . 
  i do hope you will consider the fork in the road where i move from agreeing with you to passionately hoping to change your mind,
