i think a south european marshall plan would be nice too . 
  we need to true bicameral system which has one parliament where each vote counts the same , and one chamber/senate in which each nation counts the same . 
  possibly . 
  china cant be happy either . 
  i hope that at least the eu will unite more because of this ... 
  reduced redundancies alone will massively increase capabilities without any increased spending . 
  but yes , to truly replace the us , higher spending is needed . 
  fyi : its just an issue with the translation . 
  the current president of the prc and the old chairman of the prc have exactly the same titel in chinese , its just thats translated differently . 
  the idea was first brought up by friedman , an american . 
  i find that explaination lacking . 
  schulz is left of the current spd , but only a little bit . 
  his critique of agenda 2010 has mostly been stuff like slightly increasing agl i if one gets additional education . 
  he has not said anything about a coalition with the linke . 
  he is very pro-eu ( the linke is ever so slightly eu-skeptic ) . 
  of course its possible that some people think he is too far left , but i doubt that it is a widespread concern . 
  and if it truly is something that bothers people , it would manifest itself in a slow decline over weeks , maybe months . 
  this is a 3 % change in a single week without any trigger . 
  edit : i think r2g would have had a * very * slight majority in almost every recent poll if you exclude the party under 5 % and the invalid votes . 
  he implied that , just like bernie supporters late in the race , i am delusional for thinking that this poll is an outlier . 
  have you looked at the polls ? 
  if 2/3 say that nothing changed and nothing happend in the meantime , its reasonable to assume that the poll is an outlier . 
  probably statistical fluctuations . 
  nothing happend the last few days that could explain the dip and insa and emnid show both spd and cdu stable . 
  iirc its not the pipelines itself , but the pumping stations . 
   since the energy market in europe is cross-linked , could n't poland just get the needed gas from germany ? 
  although its possible to build bi-directional pipelines , most are single-direction . 
  you would need to adjust the infrastracture for that . 
  highways are very safe already , especially counting per kilometre travelled . 
  the really problem are * landstra\u00dfen * , i.e. 
  high-speed rural/country roads . 
  especially if people dont adher to the already relatively high speed limits . 
  even the j-10 which looks similar to the lavi and to eurocanards is far from a ripoff . 
  how the hell did you get the impression that it is already $ 1 trillion over budget ? 
  thats plainly just insane , the whole project over its entire 70 years livespan , including r&d , repairs , fuel , ammunition , pilot training and salary etc.pp . 
  will only cost a trillion . 
  with the j-20 , the chinese arguably have already surpassed us . 
  per se, 
  wow , this is just a bad copy and paste from a janes article published last june : http://www.janes.com/article/61628/airbus-ds-defining-fcas-aircraft-requirements-with-bundeswehr nationalinterest was always a bad source , but thats low . 
  wikipedia is a * really * bad source when it comes to procurement costs . 
  no , an f-15 doesnt cost less than 20 million anymore , and an f-15 doesnt cost below 30 . 
  the f-16 block 60/62 already costs more than the f-35 . 
   ( from 172 million dollars to 292 million dollars/piece , depending on the model ) . 
  the f-35a is already below 100 million fy16 usd , including engine . 
  full production planes will end up at ~ 80-85 million . 
  i mean , its still too much for romania and the used f-16 may be put into good use their , but your numbers are completely wrong . 
  seats or % ? 
  wow , i didnt know that most polls here didnt release the real data . 
  what does `` raw numbers '' and `` analysis '' mean in this context ? 
  at which step do they normalise the data by demographics ? 
  so we are either cascadia or the american northeast ? 
  i 'm fine with that . 
  we always get the best parts . 
   the most german of french towns : stra\u00dfburg ftfy . 
  dont forget abolishing conscription . 
  its not that it id just small ( it isnt ) , its that we have horrible maintainance and readiness levels . 
  maintaining , upgrading , and using tanks is expensive . 
  russia still has tens of thousands of tanks , but they are completely outdated and rotting away in cold storage , without trained crew to use them . 
  as such its more usefull to use thrir active tanks as a figure . 
  although its pretty hard to estimate how much and which type of tsnks are active , because they are vondtantly shifting that sround with upgraded tanks coming into service and others retireing . 
  iirc they barely hsve any t-80s left in active service , replacing them with t-72b3s . 
  the common market is not an fta . 
  you also habe eine weird calibers . 
  122mm as a light gun i understand , but why 152 and 130mm ? 
  thats only unnecessary logistics . 
  foreign policy focussed , slightly right-wing . 
  overall pretty bad , although they a small handfull of good articles and writers . 
  reich has several meanings . 
  it can mean `` realm '' , but more commonly it means `` empire '' . 
  because its german , you can also comvine it with other words , e.g. 
  k\u00f6nigreich = kingdom or kaiserreich , which ca n't really be translated but also roughly means empire . 
   slaves were not protected however , as not considered humans . 
  can i get a source for that ? 
  iirc one of the mahor differences between ancient roman slavery and amercian chattel slavery was that in rome slaves were still considered human with some ( very ) basic rights . 
  the pentagon wars is a great comedy . 
  however , it is not , and never tried to be , a documentary . 
  it is pretty bad if you look for actual information in it . 
  if you want to understand the m2 you need to read up on the history of ifvs and the m113 . 
  yes . 
  but they need to be designed by boss . 
   in the meantime you have to answer questions why you 're not building desertec because mena is burning itself down in civil wars ? 
   ramp up wind , storage & distribution harder , or use the money to work on the demand side . 
  we already do that . 
  in fact we spend far more money on it than on iter . 
  you do know that syria and iraq are different countries ? 
  what happens if someone gets eu-citizenship and then renounces their uk citizenship ? 
   no , return them promptly to their starting point that requires the consent of the nation they started in . 
  unless you want to invate turkey and establish a beachhead to load them off there ... 
  free market means that private companies can make and broadcast tv , not that the gov ca n't ... 
  whats a german christmas market ? 
  neither . 
  electric cars have less parts and therefore take less manual labour to build . 
  they expect that electric cars will make up an increasing amount of the cars they sell , and that they therefore need less labour for the same amount of cars . 
  maybe he wants to campaign * against * him ? 
  low , but possible . 
  certainly higher than anybody else that could run against her , both within the spd and outside . 
  a 1w laser instantly blinds you . 
  a 100kw laser is more like boiling your head off , literally . 
    now if italian people vote `` no '' only to piss off renzi , they 'd be the only losers , here , imho . 
  italy is important for europe , so we would all be losers .
