  its a really shitty attitude , but well , probably better than simply bragging and living above ones mean to brag ... 
  i am assuming with `` volunteers '' you are refering to conscription ? 
  because the `` volunteers '' that took crimmea and fight in ukraine and syria is mostly just regular personnel , and not actually volunteers . 
  as such , there are already counted in the statistics . 
  while it is true that russia still has consciption as well as a large pool of reservists , it is important to note that the eu also has reservist forces as well as a much larger general population . 
  conscripts and reservists are usually much morse soldiers than active duty because of the lack of training and equipment too . 
  of course cooperation is already underway , i just wanted to reiterate how important it is . 
  the last thing a european army needs is more soldiers . 
  with over 1.8 million active personnel we already have more than enough . 
  russia for example has only 800k , even the us and india only have 1.3 million . 
  the only country that has more active personnel in their army is china . 
  what we need is better eqipment ( including readiness and maintaince ) and better cooperation within europe . 
  gas station still like to use swipe and sign for some reason , but pretty much every other shop uses chip + pin . 
  though i have also seem some rifd payment recently ( called touchless ? 
  every side in the conflict accuses the other one of a lot of false things . 
  as long as there is not any hard evidence , and there is none , i would classify that story as fud . 
  if you want to know more about this particular incident , / r/syriancivilwar can probably help . 
  every side in the conflict accuses the other one of a lot of false things . 
  as long as there is not any hard evidence , and there is none , i would classify that story as fud . 
  if you want to know more about this particular incident , / r/syriancivilwar can probably help . 
  outside of a few suicide bombers , isis does not use women in combat roles . 
  as such , the stories about her being a sniper are almost certainly false . 
  why ? 
  ukraine is not without faults , but russia is the clear aggressor here , and helping them defend themself is ethically not wrong . 
  its also a good geopolitcal move . 
  did you read the article ? 
  its talking about military aid , i.e. 
  giving it away for free . 
  night vision devices , body armor , radios , other communication devices , maybe even unarmed surveillance drones . 
  there is plenty of stuff an army needs thst is non lethal . 
  yes , thats why we need a new treaty for tanks . 
  how many polish t-72 are left ? 
  iirc they wanted to phase all of them out in favour of the pt-91 . 
  now if a random border guard is able to tell the difference between a pt-91 and a t-72 ( b3 ) is another issue ... 
  m16 are per definition selective fire rifles . 
  its possible that a few of them might have been converted to semi-auto , but these would be single instances that are few and far between the semi-auto rifle that the m16 was based on is called ar-15 . 
  if it indeed was a real selective fire m16 then only military and law enforcement has access to them . 
  the buying/selling would have been illegal either way . 
   m16 was it a real selective fire m16 or just an semi-auto ar-15 ? 
  a m16 would be really odd and intersesting . 
  plus falcon 9 mostly flies reusable nowadays , almost cutting their payload in half . 
   and ariane 5 launch 2 satellites at a time , 2 `` real '' telecommunication sats in gto , not small cube or constellation sat in low orbit . 
  how should this be interpreted then ? 
  while the falcon 9 doent have the same payload capacity as the giant ariane 5 , its still pretty impressive . 
  at least on paper they can launch 5 tons into geo while still being reusable . 
  saying that the falcon 9 can only launch cube sats and coonstellation sats into leo is disingenuous . 
  in expendable configuration the payload capacity is almost the same as ariane ( although they can not launch 2 sats at the same time ) and even expendable its more than half of the arianes payload . 
  spacex had 10 launches so far this year , more than * any * other launch provider or nation . 
  they are single handedly responsible for almost 25 % of all successfull launches . 
  europe on the other hand had just 4 ariane and 1 vega launch . 
  spacex still has some work to do - they have less payload and are not as reliable as the ariane - but they are ridiculously successfull and should not be underestimated . 
  well assuming you are actually worth at least 75k , the solution is simple : you will laugh back and go to a different employer who actually pays your worth . 
  you are assuminh that the market forces that govern the wage of the employees have completely broken down ( i.e. 
  there is no competition between firms to employ better workers ) and that the only reason you get higher wages is because hr didnt know your previous wage . 
  that is completely false . 
  you get a higher wage if you switch firms because the new company knows you are worth at least that much and wants to hire you to gain a competitive advantage . 
  what you should be asking yourself is why the old company you worked at didnt pay you this new wage ? 
  since when ? 
  i remember there were a few leo 1s till recently . 
  they count tanks in storage . 
  in which case ~ 500 is roughly right . 
  pierre sprey and war is boring are also often quoted in news outlets , that doesnt make them reliable . 
  the biggest issue is that russia has a far larger reserve than other countries , but that reserve is more outdated . 
  therefore you cant really compare it without being very missleading . 
  i am not really getting my data from wikipedia , its just that the last few years ~ 2.500 has been the number of tanks in active service . 
  but e.g. 
  by now there should be very few t-80 's left , but more t-72b3s . 
  btw : globalfirepower doesnt publish where its data is from . 
  its very likely that they also use open sources , the same as wikipedia . 
  if you want more reliable numbers , you could buy this thing : https://www.iiss.org/en/publications/military%20balance/issues/the-military-balance-2017-b47b wikipedia actually quotes them , so i would actually trust them more than globalfirepower \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af . 
  this is highly misleadingl for russia , as it counts old soviet stock that has been in cold storage for decades . 
  if you use the active tanks ( very roughly ~ 2.500 , better estimates are hard to come by because russia is constantly retiring old tanks and bringing upgraded old tanks back into service ) you get a value of ~ 1,73 . 
  this is highly misleading for russia , as it counts old soviet stock that has been in cold storage for decades . 
  if you use the active tanks ( very roughly ~ 2.500 , better estimates are hard to come by because russia is constantly retiring old tanks and bringing upgraded old tanks back into service ) you get a value of ~ 1,73 . 
  time to restructure the budget . 
  thats for early blocks . 
  which are pretty outdated by now . 
  for a block 60 you spend more than 100 m$ , and even block 50/52 cost 60-80 m$ . 
  thats without pods , spare parts , training , etc.pp . 
  most nations would probably pay  150 m$ per jet . 
  depends on the leopard 2 versions . 
  used a4s were under a million for a while . 
  poland especially got some very good deals . 
  oh , and 19 m$ for a f-16 is only possible if its charity or if you have a time machine to the 90 's . 
  how is `` disposable '' defined in this context ? 
  is education and health care included ? 
  i do think cost , equity and access are hugely important . 
  i would prefer a sligtly worse on the `` healthcare outcome '' if it significantly reduces costs and increases access to healthcare . 
   by contrast , every european would prioritize measuring by quality of health not really , if you look at the full report there are a few ( mainland ) european contries that dont score that well on the `` healthcare outcome '' metric . 
  germany for example is below the 11-country average ( but still above us/ca/uk ) . 
   the metric selection is probably explained by the fact the `` commonwealth fund '' has nothing to do with the british commonwealth but is an american organization . 
  the us has the worse overall score and is below the avery in every metric exept `` care process . '', 
   the uk stands out as a top performer in most categories except for healthcare outcomes , where it ranks with the us near the bottom i lol 'd . 
  full presentation here : http://www.commonwealthfund.org/publications/fund-reports/2017/jul/mirror-mirror-international-comparisons-2017, 
  the f-22 also has a larger radar . 
  interestingly they want to buy [ pac-3 ] ( http://www.defensenews.com/articles/romania-cleared-to-buy-patriot-missile-defense-system ) instead of the gem system . 
  combined with aegis ashore they would have a very impressive abm system against sr/ir/mrbms , but they lack defenses against aircraft . 
  of course , thats why its called lightning ii , duh . 
  are you sure ? 
  japan is mountainous as fuck too .
