the ussr gave quite a lot of help to spain , but the unfortunately targeted it all towards one political party that agreed with them . 
  this meant the power of the republican army fluctuated wildly down the line as some men were fighting with modern weaponry and the rest were fighting with old rifles from the cuban war of independence 30 years before . 
  the republicans could n't make any gains because they would n't be able to hold the line . 
  then there 's the fact that the party the ussr supported decided that it would try and take full control of barcelona , a city which had a strong anarchist contingent and a moderate to small group of `` trotskyists '' - marxists who did n't follow stalin 's line though not directly related to trotsky . 
  stalin 's policy was worse than isolationist ; he dragged the conflict on but never provided enough support for the republicans to win , and fermented a civil war within a civil war . 
  thank you for that information , will definitely need to consider that for my future facts . 
  if any political party had backed the ` third option ' of the referendum they would certainly have got my support . 
  the current situation is untenable but at the same time i ca n't help but feel some pull towards the uk since so many people i know and love are of the other nations . 
  that being said i 've since come round to independence since i will still know and love them , and figure the same is true with them . 
  really the potential benefits of independence to scotland economically are great , we will likely end up socially better off , there 's a good chance our government will be less authoritarian . 
  all plus signs for me . 
  not that poster but from what i know of the history the basque country is very different from spain . 
  for start they speak one of only two non-indo-european languages in europe ( with the other being finnish ) , because the romans never got there and they were isolated from the celts for a long time . 
  the government has repeatedly disrespected the language , only teaching schools in castellano spanish which was also the official language of government for a long time ( not sure if this is still the case ) . 
  as well , the basque city of bilbao was once a major seat of industry in europe and was pretty much ransacked by the spanish government . 
  add to this military repression under franco , the existence of the guardia civil ( one of the spanish forms of police who were made to keep revolutionaries down ) , and a strong local culture the basque country has a legitimate claim to independence . 
  yeah , we 'll take the rest later if we enjoy it . 
  i do love that show very much , almost did n't recognise it in my comment, 
  actually a little bit of cornwall is included , just at the tip . 
  good to know in case it comes up in some pub quiz . 
  some of the ones round here have academic questions like that . 
  cheers for finding out and sharing the results . 
  very good idea , since i 'm largely conjecturing on the fact that ukraine has n't been a fully independent country for very long since it was within the ussr , and poland is rather similar - carved up as it was by germany , austria , and russia in the late 18th-century , before a brief republic , then under the soviets control . 
  poland and ukraine very likely did n't get a proper chance to introduce themselves , so maybe the chinese became reliant on lift-words from english . 
  how does a european feel ? 
  is my follow-up . 
  surely if you are a european you would n't know what it 's like to not feel like a european , and if you are n't you would n't know the opposite . 
  that sounds accurate , cities are where employment is largely located . 
  not a problem , easy to get confused with all the comments . 
  i meant the map as in the post , since it breaks down the world only into nation-states . 
  this is only an issue for me insofar as the demography of scotland is very different than the demography of the uk as a whole , and i figure this to be a rather common occurrence across the world - that foreign-born populations are generally more dense in certain cities as opposed to across nations . 
  that 's the one , thanks . 
  would be a bit hard to present this sort of information internationally , but i suppose this map grates a tiny bit because it does n't show the extent to which immigration is largely focused in particular areas . 
  interesting , but shame it does n't really show much . 
  a lot of countries have wide disparities in where foreign-born migrants tend to live . 
  a great example is the map of england and wales i saw recently , ca n't remember the website , which showed that while london is over 50 % foreign born there is a considerable number of places with very low levels of foreign-born . 
  good one from scotland , ` limmy ' . 
  bit difficult to understand the accent for a lot of people , but it 's really the weirdness of it that makes it good . 
  one thing i recall reading about varoufakis and which i always look at his decisions through is the fact that he has co-written a book on game theory : strategic decision-making . 
  so let 's think , if he had quit months ago after he had made the noises he had , giving off the impression of an unbendable man , this would suggest he quit on political differences , which would weaken the greek position . 
  say what you like about him , he is doing what he thinks is right for greece . 
  so he stays in several months , has a seat at negotiations , plays a bad hand well . 
  due to bad deals being offered and rejected , plus a continual apparent debt crisis , greece eventually has to institute capital controls and a referendum is held on whether to accept the terms of the troika . 
  the greek people do not accept the terms , therefore for the eurozone to avoid the destabilisation of grexit they need to offer something else . 
  at this stage varoufakis leaves , knowing this clears another obstacle to agreement . 
  this shows that he did not leave because his view was not accepted within the party , nor because his views were unacceptable to the greek people . 
  greek drama was full of it though . 
  maybe . 
  been for for a week and a half and this is all true . 
  even th people talking shit about veggie options are wrong , there are tons of places which do veggie and vegan things, 
  the snp has existed since the 1920s and has always been for independence . 
  not always electorally popular , but i do n't know what you mean by ` serious ' . 
  do you mean genuine or likely ? 
  what about the london independence party ? 
  what 's most hilarious to me is what that 'd do to banking . 
  banks would not longer be able to protect almost any personal info for online customers , credit card scams would be everywhere until it got to a point nearly everyone would be broke . 
  that 's my first issue with it , i 'll leave the rest of them . 
  not a strong move to just list debt figures , you need to know the percentages . 
  oh yeah , this advert in general just seems to be ticking the wrong boxes all over . 
  yes , it 's a shame this conversation will be missing from the best comments on this thread as you are hilarious . 
  we can only hope that some enlightened soul comes to the realisation that unpopular talk is not necessarily worthless talk . 
  ah well , you should n't lower yourself to pleasing audiences who would n't understand that when jonathan swift wrote ' a modest proposal ' he did n't really intend for the british to eat irish children . 
  odd as well because i do n't think i 've ever seen clearer satire in my life than what you wrote . 
  i know you get some horrible people on the internet but surely that is beyond doubt ? 
  recently i wrote a couple of articles on libya . 
  the first one was about black libyans who were tortured and publicly humiliated by the regime . 
  when i said to a friend of mine the libyan rebels were dicks , she agreed , but then when i brought up their racism she brought up their sexism . 
  now i am still proud of the article i wrote , it is a story which is n't nearly reported enough that the black community of libya is suffering , but it hit me when she said it that i had potentially missed something major of the picture . 
  half an hour of research later i had a fairly clear picture that women too were being abused but in different ways , ways in which i needed to then consider my own society as well . 
  we quite often do n't notice sexism in our society and bring it to light . 
  i wrote my second article about women in libya and their mistreatment by gaddafi and by the rebels , but i do n't have high hopes for it getting published . 
  the world affairs part of the comment section will almost certainly be occupied by kony related affairs and women will , as always , be swept beneath the editorial rug . 
  in the libyan case it is because it is n't quite as obvious that women are being mistreated , we hear stories of rape but this is - shockingly - accepted as a fact of war and passes with relatively little comment as in opaque terms - it 's `` just that sort of thing '' that happens . 
  this advert certainly has some gender-related issues worthy of comment . 
  this is a woman dressed in kill bill style gear who is only considered powerful enough to handle 3 attackers if there are 12 of her ? 
  people do n't seem to recognise satire these days . 
  of course , it does depend on what proportion of the population live in the capital city against the countryside . 
  scotland , for instance , has the capital city edinburgh - resident population near half a million . 
  that 's not a bad proportion of our nation , about a tenth , but the city of glasgow area has more than that and the greater glasgow figure brings glasgow up to 2.3 million ( 41 % of our national population ) . 
  i do n't understand what this chart means by splitting it between ` capital city ' and ` country ' , the capital city is n't necessarily the only city , it is n't necessarily the biggest city , and it 's not exactly representative of the area . 
  i do n't know much about the rest of europe , in terms of how cities are distributed and population figures , but from my knowledge of my own country i can say that these statistics are skewed . 
  so we stop buying as much of their wine and he tries to take our triple-a ? 
  what a nice guy . 
  i do n't know enough about french politics to know if it 's a good thing he might leave . 
  i can see that he might care more about how he looks than about the uk but a big ego does n't exclude a person from being the best person for the job . 
  i 'm surprised that we 're selling cheese to them . 
  i 've always believed in the superiority of cheddar to brie but that 's only because i like harder cheese that tastes of something . 
  i 'm certainly not happy with him if he hurts the french people as this will impact negatively on how many tourists come to edinburgh . 
  i would respect him more if he did n't try to pull the uk down with france . 
  i understand why he did it , it 's a matter of national pride but its still rough . 
  we 're not doing so well over here without him throwing higher interest rates on our debt at us . 
  one issue is that i do n't know who would be able to command the respect necessary at the ecb but those two nations with their giant economies . 
  the ecb is still based in frankfurt though , it could be expected to follow a german model . 
  i do n't know if anyone still trusts ratings agencies anyway , they approved the same debt that caused the meltdown with a triple-a . 
  i 'd probably go speculative right now simply because that 's what all investment seems to come to anyway right now , may as well get a good return on it . 
  ferguson seems to be saying similar to me that germany does n't really know its fiscal policy . 
  america has been very important for the world economy for many years , perhaps thats why their institutions have better fiscal policy . 
  i never knew the ecb was only concerned with price control , what an awful system !, 
  that 's a very small part of the economy . 
  so the euro could be saved ( i wo n't say if it should or should n't as that is n't really the issue ) if the ecb was to undergo a fundamental change .
