yeah , sorry to interrupt , but the usc has no jurisdiction here . 
  bulgaria is an independent self-sufficient country , part of the biggest economic union in the region for the past 2000 years . 
  in february 2004 bulgaria signed the second additional protocol to the european convention on law and criminalistic issues . 
  an year earlier , february 2003 , bulgaria approved a law on measures against terrorism funding . 
  let 's set aside the usc and relate to our cognizance . 
  thank you . 
  we had elections last month , parties are now negotiating . 
  in the mean time other parties were meeting with the president upstairs . 
  that 's why there are so many good pictures , the journalists waited outside for someone to come out . 
  but hardly it can be about politics or sending a message ( like plamen goranov , wrote about him earlier ) . 
  she does n't have job and is low on the money and food so probably just out of plain misery . 
  which is even more awful . 
  how did i miss that ? 
  at least 7 people set themselves on fire in the last 12 months in bulgaria . 
  most notable case is when a protest leader set himself on fire last year on february in front of varna ( biggest city on the sea shore ) municipality and died on our national holiday , 3rd march , of his wounds . 
  of course it matters . 
  that 's why i was there . 
  i remember when we had protests against acta several years ago . 
  it was fucking cold , in the middle of february , about 10 degrees below zero . 
  but in sofia 10,000 people gathered because they would stop the torrents . 
  yeah ... i was in my hometown in that time and we were 17 people . 
  seventeen . 
  there are 240 mps , with 50 % +1 ( 121 ) needed for majority , none of the parties are even close , looks like we 're going for a wide coalition . 
  we have one centre-right party , two left-wing , one ethnic-based party , a centre-right reformist bloc , two nationalistic parties and one truly populistic . 
  shit is about to happen . 
  gorni lom is a distant village located in stara planina mountain . 
  administratively it is in vidin district but the actual factory is up in the forests , because after all it is an explosives plant where grenades are produced , noone wants factory like that near big cities . 
  improper storage of explosives . 
  news info in english [ ** here ** ] ( http://www.novinite.com/articles/163768/fifteen+dead+after+bulgarian+ammo+plant+explosion+-+officials ), 
  [ this is my map . 
  i think st. petersburg is amazing city and has amazing history . 
  and istanbul was always part of europe since the roman empire . 
  the western balkans though are some of the worst places i 've ever been - the people are amazing for a laugh but they are the most schauvinistic assholes - this is not my understanding of europe . 
  we are part of one of the best cultural and economic unions in the whole history and quite frankly do n't think moscow has anything to do with us . 
  thanks . 
  we did n't want you anyway . 
  i was rooting for yes , but as someone pointed out : the heart says yes , but the mind speaks no . 
  maybe it 's for the best . 
  let 's see how the british government will react to the opinion of 1,6 mln citizens . 
  heh , we 're just fine the way we are . 
  bulgarians fought for their cultural and political freedom about 5 centuries ( 1390-1878 ) so when we were united in 1885 with eastern rumelia ( southern bulgaria now ) we stuck together because the cultural entirety is the most important thing here . 
  wow , we did quite the same thing at our dorms . 
  there was this window that could be opened and led right to the roof . 
  we sunbathed and studied and threw stuff at people . 
  they did n't know what was going on since it was quite illegal to go there . 
  they nailed the pvc windows so now noone can go there . 
  nooo , * we 're not like the others * . 
  this is why the southern countries are the worst in eu . 
  because they are taught in early ages that it is ok to not-do something for a long time . 
  one more ? 
  are there others ? 
  oh mighty res , you come handy one more time with this blessed `` ignore '' feature . 
  yes , i have no response of people 's decision . 
  i have one point of view , you have another . 
  i do n't have any intentions of propheting you something you do n't feel close . 
  fak demokration !, 
  wait , what is wrong with the name now ? 
  european union is just fine . 
  yeah , let 's fuck nato and get in the eurasian union . 
  2 weeks paid vacation for 0 leva sounds amazing . 
  fuck democracy . 
  yay communism and forever and ever with our slavic brothers the russians . 
  not . 
  presence of us troops declares alliance here . 
  this means the us can provide good intelligence to prevent another bombings . 
  [ okay . 
  the fish restaurant in kavarna . 
  damn there 's some good fish soup . 
  this is nothing like the 90s . 
  people now are smarter and richer . 
  is he wrong ? 
  if i could choose one : people . 
  if i could choose three more : iinsecurity , education , healthcare . 
  american troops in my country are the most gentle and caring people our elders have ever seen . 
  they are based near villages so mostly old people meet them and they are pleased . 
  for the sake of security - i want american troops here . 
  otherwise there could be another bombing ( like the one at burgas airport ) and frankly i do n't want an image of unsafe country . 
  upvoted this because it 's the same thing in bulgaria , just not that drastic . 
   continental english or . . you know . . european . 
  have you heard of esperanto ? 
  thanks for the opinions , all . 
  i am from bulgaria and here on the balkans having your own language and arguing who speaks it first is quite a hassle ( especially when macedonians are involved ) . 
  bulgarian language is `` born '' in 855 - it 's the first time \u0430 language of the bulgarians is written down for the usage of translation of byzantic church books ( the glagolitic alphabet ) . 
  bulgarians are very proud of their rich history hence they are proud with their language . 
  so wanted to see how it is among other countries . 
  this shit is serious . 
  [ posted ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/wtf/comments/28jhov/massive_hail_stronger_than_a_snowstorm_hits/ ) in / r/wtf some pics of the hail that hit western bulgaria . 
  itt : laughing at the neighbouring countries if they are lower . 
  haha , suck it romania . 
  people 's trial ( \u041d\u0430\u0440\u043e\u0434\u0435\u043d \u0441\u044a\u0434 ) created by the fatherland front ( \u041e\u0424 ) to prosecute the people in charge of bulgaria between 1941 and 1944 ( when we were allies with germany and against ussr ) . 
  in the winter of 1944-1945\u00a028630 people were arrested . 
  11k are officially charged , the faith of most of the others remains unknown . 
  this is the most brutal way the communists deal with the political , army and civil intelectual elite of the country . 
  the whole thing is anti-constitutional since the constitution forbids \u043eccasional tribunals . 
  but i really admire bbc . 
  ok but will these two successors keep all the relations the union had ? 
  and how will they divide their economics etc ? 
  it 's not sad , it is what had to happen . 
  no russian projects here , please . 
  we all are victims of the soviet regime and their plans and expansions of culture and social attitude .
