  45 years are enough . 
  will split to different countries . 
  and then i want them all to destroy one another . 
  let 's keep the opinions in the comments , downvoted . 
  yay bulgaria , another thing to be at the bottom . 
  nah , the ruling party does not care much about eu since they are pro-russian ( and always were ) . 
  the russian agency is quite modest : `` after a meeting with american senators . '', 
  what really happened is john mccain ( r ) ( the former candidate for president ) , ron johnson ( r ) and christopher murhpy ( d ) were flown to bulgaria specifically to talk the bulgarian prime minister out of `` south stream '' . 
  edit : names, 
  or you know ... ignore fast-food . 
  this means that bg as a partner in nato could be in financial trouble soon . 
  the neighbourhood is called that way since it 's born as a campus ( socialistic style ) . 
  it 's translated `` students ' city '' and is quite ironic , because the students already live in a city . . you know . . sofia . 
  sofia , studentski grad , the neighbourhood where i live . 
  how unhealthy it is ? 
  i got hepatitis and was on systems for 13 days in quarantine right before christmas . 
  pretty healthy . 
  9/10 would eat again * not *, 
  yay rousse , my hometown . 
  [ this is the view from my place ] ( http://i.imgur.com/bdmfop9.jpg ) , you can see the river in the far and with some imagination you can distinguish the bridge on the right part where the red building is . 
  i am from ruse , pm me with some questions if you like . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oy_cwgmforg you should see that video, 
  i am extremely lucky that i have n't lived a single second in this regime . 
  i was born several months after the f\u0430ll of todor jivkov 's regime ( before 24 years and 1 day ) . 
  because of that fucker 's ambition in heavy industry the vidachim factory in giurgiu ( i am from the bulgarian city across the border - rousse ) released poisonous chlorine in the air every fucking week and my sister was sick all the time and could n't get a normal childhood until the age of 6 ( when the regime fell ) . 
  he was shot as a stray dog . 
  he fucking deserved it . 
  translation : fortification of the left-wing politics in the healthcare and major projects such as `` south stream '' and varna port . 
  and here 's the catch : both projects are financed by russia . 
  so yeah ... this happens . 
  because of the serious crimes communists did to bulgarian people , economics , beliefs , religion etc. 
  and we are sitting here and kissing russia 's ass after all these years ... 
  chillax . 
  germany has bigger problem with immigrants not from eu but let him see this for himself . 
  it 's ok , we ca n't afford to live there anyway . 
  fuck yeah it is !, 
  [ this ] ( https://fbcdn-sphotos-d-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-xap1/t1.0-9/10274336_10202858684965751_5295511688847004884_n.jpg ) popped up in my news feed . 
  this type of ballot was chosen by the same party since they 're now the ruling party in our parliament . 
  bulgaria sends 17 mp in brussels . 
  gerb have 6 , bsp and dps are with 4 , bwc sends 2 and the rb send 1 . 
  it is interesting because the reformist bloc has the most prefferential votes and probably the leader of the list wo n't go in favor of the second guy svetoslav malinov . 
  this is strange , i have n't heard of this idea before . 
  does it really prevent crashes when the speed is lowered in the winter ? 
  i am too not torn between eu and moscow . 
  but the problem is mostly social . 
  people still want communism and their two-weeks-paid-vacation-by-the-sea and the-calm-times-when-they-got-nothing-to-worry . 
  but they are too narrow-minded to realise that they never questioned themselves how come bulgaria has money and my grandparents and their generation had n't thought for a single second for the aftermaths of these `` calm times '' . 
  bulgaria actually was really in debt but paid it when democracy kicked in and they somehow blaim the democracy for their poorness . 
  the worst part is that me and my generation are paying for my grandparents ' fucking calm vacation . 
  i ca n't go for a single weekend to barcelona or berlin or milano ( $ 50 for a plane ticket is nothing ) because they did n't have to fucking work and still get paid . 
  but yeah , people are torn and thus are the politicians . 
  you can still come to sunny beach and overpay for cheap alcohol brewed in the backyard of some gypsies . 
  oh yeah , and the sea . 
  wait what ? 
  why are all the bulgarians migrating to nl and london if they are going to drown ? 
  oh yeah , because they prefer drowning instead of living here . 
  now i get it . 
  you are exporting something with toxins and poison to the lungs . 
  good for you . 
  well we are first in something ( clothing export ) for the first time , so ... * yay * i thought we make most money of prostitution tho . 
  well here in our third-world-banana-republic a lot of people still dislike eu because `` they took our jobs '' , but actually started to pull us out of the grey area of the economy and some people dislike that . 
  so they tend to vote for such shennanigans . 
  http://www.mediapool.bg/tsik-sprya-predizboren-klip-na-ataka-news220175.html [ bg ] the election comittee here stopped a video by the far-right bulgarian party ataka ( attack ) where pedophilia , gay marriages and incest are proclaimed as european values after a signal from the media council . 
  i speak four languages and actually do n't care who claims what as his own since we are a global community and i live in the most independent and liberal economic and social union since my country was first founded 1300 + years ago . 
  the world is ours . 
  it 's amazing how i dedicate all my free time learning ** the language they speak ** ( and some others ) but even they do n't bother doing it . 
  it 's amazing how i dedicate all my free time learning their fucking language ( and some others ) but even they do n't bother doing it . 
  because he gets all the fun . 
  only russian-speaking redditors will understand . 
   obvious most of them want independency . 
  nope . 
  i do n't know how it is obvious but i know enough ukrainans to tell you that noone wants divided country . 
  kyiv , lvov and donetsk were under the same flag for the last 80 + years , no reasonable person wants them divided . 
  what people in donetsk really want is to bring back that soviet thing that fucking ruined their ( and our ) country but also dug their heads under the ground like a fucking ostrich and made them believe there 's no such thing as national debt . 
  damn it , barney stinson used 83 % for his fixed statistics . 
  it sounds more realistic . 
  tell that to the party in charge and their faithful partners of ethnic turks and nationalists . 
  thanks , but in our third-world banana republic people still think we celebrate victory day ( \u0414\u0435\u043d\u044c \u041f\u043e\u0431\u0435\u0434\u044b ) . 
  over 1000 people offered flowers to the monument of the soviet army . 
  yup . 
  we dislike sunny beach but keep investing because somehow tourists are still attracted to this cheap tijuana-like sin-city type of resort . 
  bulgarians do n't like greek people or greece at all but keep going there for a vacay/holiday . 
  we are very self-conscious about our problems but try to hide them from foreigners because we do n't want to be known as the albania/moldova of the eu . 
  bulgarian culture was rising strong when the communists came in 1944 and started applying their distorted understandings of culture . 
  my hometown rousse was called `` the little vienna '' because of the architecture and the baroque culture . 
  it was the economic center around 1900-1910 but then the balkan wars started and everything went down because then followed ww1 . 
  bulgaria suffered two financial collapses but people were loyal to the king ( we call him `` tzar '' ) and did all they could to pull the country out of misery . 
  and when it started to look good the communists came , killed all the cultural and political leaders , put them in mass grave and shit ensued for decades of communist rule . 
  he took it off himself after the request from the general prosecutor sotir tsatsarov . 
  that happened in january after a scandal at varna airport when siderov attacked a female representative from the cultural department of the french embassy in sofia who happened to be on the same flight . 
  he also was involved with scandal in brussels in september 2013 when he and his party `` ataka '' ( attack ( n. ) ) wanted to bail from a restaurant without paying . 
  and he had another airport accident when back in 2010 he was drunk at frankfurt am mein on a lufthansa flight to sofia and was aggresive . 
  back then he was also mp and was informal partner of the former government . 
  the reason for this thread is an article from today . 
  [ here it is , in bulgarian . 
  it 's the same language , you just use different vocabulary depending to your audience . 
  is that a bad thing ? 
  nooo . 
  i know four languages ( we do n't count bulgarian ) and there is nothing bad about it . 
  it is bummer that our language is used only in our country but that makes it more special .
