i like how merkel is saluting on the shores of a country that is n't germany . 
  it 's the only part of this cartoon that reflects reality . 
  if by `` access '' you mean `` tariff-free access '' then you 're absolutely right . 
  this was clear and i voted brexit hoping it would be the case , as promised . 
  no , the government has said time and time again , the uk is leaving the single market . 
  i am not talking about that , no one is going to push for that . 
  i am saying there could * in principle * be a trade deal ( trade deal = / = free trade deal ) within two years . 
  the reason it wo n't happen is because the eu does not want the uk to be successful post brexit . 
   global power ? 
  stronger defences ? 
  stronger unity ? 
  stronger economy ? 
  guaranteed standards of living ? 
  the us is more powerful , more united and has a 200 year head-start , yet large parts of it look like sub-saharan africa . 
  the eu and uk could make a trade deal much quicker than seven years since the uk is already part of the single market . 
  two years is not unreasonable if both sides wanted it . 
  obviously it 's not going to happen because the eu does n't it , but in principle 2-3 years is reasonable . 
   how delusional is the uk at this point ? 
  scale of one to brexit please . 
  depends who you speak to . 
  the uk government knows there is n't going to be a comprehensive trade deal . 
  there will probably be some very basic agreement to cooperate on security and policing , and an agreement to let the citizens of each other 's countries continue living there unhindered , but that 's about it . 
   lloyd 's chairman john nelson quoted as saying they are going to move `` tens '' of people . 
  my god , that 's almost dozens . 
   i 've always said that if there is something spiteful about brexiters is that they do n't just want to leave the eu , they want the eu to be destroyed . 
  petty . 
  because they believe the eu is bad for its constituent nations . 
  i share this view . 
   because we like scotland ? 
  not that much . 
  it 's more a hammer for you to hit the uk with . 
   epfl and eth zurich are arguably in the top 5 and certainly in the top 10 in europe/the world . 
  we 've still got that  we should do some more collaborating . 
  france does n't need the eu . 
  it is capable of thriving outside it . 
   it 's weird to have to depend on another state to look out for your interesets as an ni , or in this case have a better alignment of interests . 
  speaks volumes . 
  they can re-unify whenever they like . 
  ni is only in the uk because it chooses to be . 
  ireland is making a reasonable and important one , also inline with what the uk wants . 
  no one wants a flare up of violence , nor a hard border . 
  spain :  gibraltar , scotland fuck off . 
  france :  avoid contagion , avoid regulatory competition , preserve eu manufacturers screams insecurity . 
  france would be a mess without the eu . 
  the eu is france 's safe space . 
  cowards . 
  `` distribute '' is an interesting way of saying `` sell '' . 
  i did n't claim to speak for all brits , did i ? 
  england buys most of your shit ( hopefully not for much longer ) . 
  hopefully not for much longer . 
  i 'll never buy a german car or electrical appliance ever again , nor frankly anything else if i am aware of it . 
  you should move asap . 
  reddit 's demographic is perfect territory for guardian clickbait . 
  they have this obsession with the british empire . 
  it 's kind of perverse . 
  the norwegians are probably feeling super proud of how progressive and tolerant they are . 
  so why did you start this thread ? 
  you are staying in the eu as an irish citizen . 
   would it still call itself the united kingdom ? 
  no one knows what it will be called , but the name would be the least of the problems caused by scotland breaking off . 
   the united kingdom refers to the union between the kingdoms of england and scotland . 
  wales and northern ireland have no bearing on that . 
  nope , it was the kingdom of great britain until ireland joined , at which point it became the united kingdom of great britain and ireland . 
  yeh i do n't think a guy who has dedicated 25 years of his life to a patriotic ( in his opinion ) cause just to casually announce on a radio show that he 'll jump ship like a rat . 
  it was a stupid thing to say because of how easily it can be misinterpreted , but come on ... the alternate interpretation is so incongruent with his life to date . 
   this article seems to missing some context ... not sure though . 
  just seems incomplete . 
  he meant that he would be shamed out of the country . 
  what ? 
   first time i see a brit want to throw scotland out of your union . 
  i 'm far from the only one . 
  the anti-scottish sentiment is rising . 
   why do you want that ? 
  they elected a party into power that is anti-uk and whose primary goal is independence . 
  this despite the fact the less than three years ago voted to stay in the union . 
  they knew back then we would have an eu referendum , and they chose to stay . 
  people here over-estimate the problems brexit brings and under-estimate the problems an independent scotland brings . 
  we ca n't have a group of people threaten the very foundations of our country every time something does n't go their way in a free and fair vote . 
  they do n't believe in the uk , they believe in the eu.they are basically more scandinavian socialists than anything like us or their own adam smith ( who probably would be an englishman if he were alive today ) . 
  tl ; dr scotland is becoming a problem , a big fucking problem for us . 
  probably around 15-20 years . 
  sounds good . 
  we 'll sort out a deal with the us . 
  this european love affair with scotland is understandable - they are more like you than they are like us . 
  we 're all better off with this divorce . 
  it 's been a long time coming . 
  everyone knows we 're leaving . 
  we will put our official notice in the day after tomorrow . 
  we left . 
  was no idle threat . 
  they are like the mental girlfriend who keeps threatening to leave if you do n't give her what she wants . 
  they voted to stay less than three years ago . 
  if they vote to stay again post-brexit then they are truly pathetic . 
   no we wo n't . 
  it wo n't be your choice . 
  brexit took us 25 years . 
  we could get scotland out in about the same time if they vote to stay in the next vote . 
  hopefully this will encourage the scots to leave the uk . 
  will be glad to be rid of them . 
   if the general level of education was a bit higher in the uk that 's probably true , but for all the wrong reasons .
