  since our constitution stems from the tumultous 20s , he can actually do a lot . 
  but refraining from exercising those powers has always been expected . 
  durin the only time when the fp\u00d6 got into government a few fp\u00d6 ministers were rejected by klestil . 
  haider was the personification of a populist , not a racist . 
  he always went there , but never too far . 
  thank god there is no one of his caliber in the fp\u00f6 today . 
  final results are going to be in 24 hours , so still some time to play fallout 4 and get in the mood . 
  it 's a sunny weekend , some are n't home . 
  so you have to mail it in , like me . 
  people on the countryside also do it , depending on the distance to the polling station . 
  but 860.000 is a lot . 
  mind you , not all 8 million can vote . 
  so it 's more like 15 % of the voters . 
  those were the most surprising numbers , even though the dutch never had the space to farm . 
  they mostly lived in towns and cities . 
  if you look at agricultural % of workforce it is probably the inverse graph . 
  austrians love to dabble in american culture . 
  rock , flag and eagle buddy !, 
  wow , huge discrepancy to the newspapers who have them both at 50,0 %, 
  i have experienced harsh autobahn cops 3 times in my life , always close to the border ( like in your case ) . 
  bavaria and two times in france . 
  the worst case was in bavaria . 
  those guys had us parked for an hour and called in drug dogs . 
  did n't find anything . 
  and if they spend time in the uk , which parts ? 
  i laughed . 
  but then i really liked breaking bad . 
  so one example of asshole autobahn cops ( that did n't fine you ) and two examples of you ( unknowingly ) doing something illegal ? 
  the correct answer would have been : `` because fifa is a joke and so are their rankings . 
  champions 2016  '', 
  is that so ? 
  police brutality is rarely in the news , even though that would be prime clickbait for left leaning media outlets . 
  but it would n't surprise me . 
  police officers of every country vote more conservative/right than the average voter . 
  they see shit . 
  yes , because `` sicher sein '' ( to be sure of sth . / to be safe ) is different to `` sicher '' ( safe ) . 
  but it would be understood what you mean . 
  3 errors to his 3 errors - yours were less obvious , i give you the win . 
  there are almost no refugee camps in europe . 
  they all live in reception centres , public housing , etc. 
  in the cities . 
  if you do that without deportations , then you 'll better reinvest all that saved money into new prisons . 
  say that again , in german . 
  which non-eu countries can you deport people to ? 
  so let me get this straight * you are half japanese/austrian ( although look turkish ) * you have never experienced racism towards you in austria * you do not want to return to austria because you fear racism i think it is best if you go to berlin or k\u00f6ln and stay there . 
  easier said than done when the countries you are refering to are isolated by oceans . 
  refugees can just island hop into europe . 
  what we need are the means to kick them out legally . 
  which we do n't have . 
  that is very easy to say as a country that is n't impacted by immigration waves and terrorism . 
  collaborating ? 
  how ? 
  noone wants to take them . 
  the only thing that has slowed the refugees down was austria coordinating with the balkan countries . 
  but we are the bad nazis . 
  portugal has benefited greatly from eu money . 
  paf is classified as centre-right to right-wing and got almost 40 % of the votes in 2015 . 
  austria is supposed to house 200.000 refugees ? 
  how ? 
  that is the first thing you wrote in this thread with which i fully agree . 
  but the other comments , not so much . 
  you said ww1 was started by austria , ww2 basically as well and that germany will vote right just as austria . 
  at least you had 1 out of 3 right . 
  * ww1 was a product by the greed and nationalism of england , france , germany , austria-hungary and russia . 
  * ww2 was started by the losers germany & austria ( and austria was annexed before the war ) * the right is getting stronger in every european country and germany will probably the last to succumb . 
  so worry about that . 
  do n't let facts get in the way of your germanic-bashing . 
  very european thinking there buddy . 
  lol what ? 
  austria-hungary were their own empire . 
  oh please , blaming austria for ww1 ? 
  it was a collective european shitshow . 
  everyone wanted to be the new top dog in europe . 
  the crumbling colonial empires england and france , the relatively new empires germany and austria-hungary and the upstart from the east , russia . 
  and in the end it was the americans that won . 
  the knittelfeld putsch was a reaction to the horrendous shitshow that were the fp\u00d6 ministers from 1999-2002 . 
  they were too incompetent/corrupt for non-fp\u00d6 voters and too neoliberal/mainstream for their voters . 
  they plummeted from 30 to 10 % in 3 years of government , 
  yes , and then we saw the sheer incompetence and corruption with which the fp\u00d6 operated . 
  which cured the country from their sickness for a decade . 
  until the migrants came along ... edit : lol , why are you downvoting the truth ? 
  i 'm with you on the refugee bashing , 
  well , whatever the reason . 
  making stupid political decisions wo n't bring the dead back . 
  sounds like hell . 
  being trapped on a boat with 6000 buffet-ravaging humans and no real nature . 
  `` mosquito bites '' is what they will tell their spouses, 
  i have n't removed anything , comment is still there, 
  they are leftys . 
  of course they are going to criticize the actions of a pretty militant and very conservative government . 
  does n't mean they have anything against the jewish state on a non-political basis . 
  i will never understand how british media is legal in europe  has almost the same level of hysteria as `` der st\u00fcrmer '' . 
  not by real people , maybe in academia . 
  who knows . 
  only in the us as far as i know . 
  everywhere else it means people from caucasus region, 
  those fools get pelted over the head with the nazi card for decades and you ask why they have drifted into lefty lala land ? 
  are you serious ? 
  plastic has told me to tell you there is no money . 
  also i want to see your id and visa please ...
