  with salted meat , bauernschnitzel with bacon and paprika , etc. 
  the only schnitzel that is allowed to use poltry , but rarely does , is cordon bleu . 
  putenburstschnitzel sounds like our northern neighbors went too far . 
  `` rescued '', 
  wiener schnitzel has different meat and bread crust than the milanesa , but they are certainly related . 
  also uses exclusively lard as a fat . 
  edit : milanesa is apparently also veal . 
  i 'm guessing the damage was extensive enough , that it was safer and cheaper to tear the buildings down . 
  same things happened in a lot of german , russian , polish , etc. 
  cities . 
  money was short after the war . 
  the tourists of the 2010s were not a priority ;p, 
  in the same way , since it 's a german installation that spread through europe . 
  germany ( since 1992 ) austria ( since 1997 ) the netherlands and hungary ( since 2007 ) poland and czech republic ( since 2008 ) belgium and ukraine ( since 2009 ) italy ( since 2010 ) norway ( since 2011 ) slovakia and slovenia ( since 2012 ) france , croatia , luxemburg , russia and switzerland ( since 2013 ) romania ( since 2014 ) greece and spain [ 33 ] ( 2015 ) belarus and lithuania ( 2016 ) . 
  it was n't . 
  there is no debris in the picture . 
  damaged buildings were all torn down . 
  the damage in rotterdam was extensive , but it did n't look like hiroshima or nagasaki , like the picture suggests . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  this story reads like an awesome plot to a movie . 
  bored guy from the countryside joins army . 
  notices that a tiny neutral country does n't shoot at people . 
  joins facebook group who is interested in killing people . 
  goes to ukraine with his international ( mostly american ) murder crew . 
  gets bored with the conflict , because not enough people are dying . 
  kills russian prisoners of war for shits and giggles ( ayo grandpa ) . 
  gets bored with that as well , so tries to get back home . 
  gets arrested by the polish , who in his worldview should give him a medal for killing russkis and is now probably bored in his cell . 
  hollywood , drop the superhero faggots and get on it !, 
  the starring role should go to someone who looks permanently bored , like benedict cucumbersnatch . 
  just a cultural thing . 
  everyone in europe knows the most iconic and tourist-trappy building in spain . 
  it also helps that it was designed by one of spains most popular freak artists and looks like a goths wet dream . 
  most europeans probably would n't know how the claw or neuschwanstein looks , because those things are more important in american culture . 
  can we feel bad about click-baity articles from abroad that distort reality ? 
  because that 's not even close to what he said . 
  well , i mean if polan had really died from that soccer ball , the plan almost makes sense . 
  wildbeastanimals do go for the soft parts . 
  italy . 
  but national border controls stand little chance , if we ca n't protect the schengen borders . 
  there needs to be a real eu or schengen-wide immigration service . 
  and they should have done the same as the austrians . 
  tell people to fuck off and deal with the nazis in their own countries . 
  it 's especially ridiculous if those statements come from other fascist fan boys like italy or spain . 
  now they 're just a brainwashed , emasculated bunch , who is afraid of their own shadow . 
  do you want that ? 
  well , if brussels does n't want or ca n't enforce the schengen area , everyone will revert back to national controls . 
  now we are even taking migrants from italy thorugh relocation programmes , even though there are 5 times more migrants here than in italy . 
  it 's insane . 
  the system is broken . 
  you know what else germans love to do ? 
  fall on their knees and be ashamed of themselves , while half the world tries to emulate them . 
  just like you . 
  you even spread the same old stereotypes , even though you should know better . 
  christianity believes in stranger things than dragons . 
  but since the stories that portray dragons are often older than christianity , they incorporated them . 
  for example this is the lindwurm in klagenfurt . 
  yes , vienna has always voted red , their mayors have always been red . 
  but that is about to change . 
  the north and south is already blue ( fp\u00f6 ) , the core is green . 
  their main constituents are dying of old age . 
  in 2001 50 % voted for the sp\u00f6 , in 2015 it was 39 % . 
  never thought i defend the fp\u00f6 . 
  but it is a bit disingenious to just call them successors to the nsdap . 
  i think you should stop seeing the boogey man everywhere . 
  snap out of your brainwashing cycle . 
  more and more austrians are getting desperate and consider voting for them in the actual elections next year . 
  and they 're not exactly motivated by nazi stuff . 
  migrants constitute 50 % of welfare recipients in vienna and the numbers keep growing fast thanks to the ngo taxi services . 
  disregard actual political parties at your own peril . 
  i do n't think the habsburg family invited the common austrians to that . 
  the other inbred monarchies across europe however ... 
  we will never know how many people supported the nazis . 
  could be anwhere from 1 - 100 % . 
  but you know better probably . 
  this is the internet after all . 
  yes , and what a great joke it was . 
  must have thought about that the whole day . 
  i know that we had this thread a month ago , with the same old jokes ... is this what r/europe is becoming ? 
  shitty ww2 jokes , pictures of libraries and trams and no substance ? 
  then why do you censor yourself ? 
  tell us what it is . 
  this is not about belief , it is about knowledge . 
  your ignorance is not worth the same as somebody else 's knowledge . 
  i wo n't explain the concept of scientific truth to you . 
  you should learn that in school . 
  go to turkey and find proof that the armenians were n't killed by design . 
  the turks would definitely help you . 
  there are tons of documents from the ottoman empire . 
  once you have the proof , why would you be arrested ? 
  that sounds idiotic . 
  `` occured '' allows more legal leniance than `` proven '' , which is more difficult . 
  not everyone keeps record books of their atrocities like the nazis . 
  your belief is meaningless . 
  only knowledge/proof counts . 
  how do you find this so difficult to understand ? 
  if you have proof you can present it . 
  but you ca n't talk out of your ass about genocide in public . 
  if you have evidence that the genocide did n't happen , you can present it . 
  but you ca n't claim it did n't happen , if you do n't have actual data/proof .
