  it 's a real shame to take a 100 million dollar movie and absolutely rape it with horrible voice overs . 
  the krampus tradition is a bit like the lederhosen and dirndl thing . 
  before the 80s you rarely saw that in the cities , mostly in rural areas . 
  now we have that `` back to the roots '' hype everywhere . 
  vienna has been lost to this shit us import about 5 years ago . 
  it 's not everywhere , but it is growing . 
  wait , you voted remain and yet you buy into the full federalisation boogeyman story from the brexit camp ? 
  that does n't make sense . 
  oh , you poor victim . 
  the internet was always such a nice place , until r/europe came along ... 
  yes , we will now be able to move forward on a lot of stuff that was blocked by london . 
  i 'm not . 
  britain leaving will have negative effects on everyone in the union . 
  people are not happy about negative things , especially when they are out of their control . 
  the amateur behaviour of the british government makes things worse . 
  i agree . 
  in my experience we have the same level of english than germans . 
  i seriously doubt the 73 % number . 
  because it 's idiotic . 
  the art loses a lot of value in the translation . 
  i would never read goethe in spanish . 
  i would never watch kaiserm\u00fchlen blues in english . 
  and i would never watch a hollywood movie in german . 
  why listen to a dub speaker from leipzig who gets paid 5.000 for the translation , if i can listen to the actors who get 5 million for the job ? 
  i 'm sad that britain left and is suffering now as a result . 
  but how can you honestly expect no bitterness from the continent after decades of mocking the eu and then pissing on the rest of the relations during months of brexit propaganda ? 
  sure . 
  but they are doing it in such a ridiculous fashion , that the joke is actually on them . 
  but that 's russia for you . 
  people never know whether to fear them or laugh about their failures . 
  of course not , there a few other places where there is sexual freedom like in europe . 
  i can not answer why 90 % of this planet discriminate against gays , and other `` different '' people . 
  ask the russian government . 
  the gay people i know are more `` normal '' and educated than the average person . 
  relax , buddy . 
  there is no gay boogeyman in europe . 
  i hope all child abusers get their jail time . 
  but one case does n't mean there is a global conspiracy against tasty russian children . 
  haha , homophobe alcoholics running a country = russia . 
  there are still areas where it gets brutal . 
  the more rural , the wilder it gets . 
  do n't know how traditional that is , but drunk men love to fight . 
  so there 's just one alla in the in the whole tribe ? 
  what happens if a second one is born ? 
  did someone have a different opinion than you ? 
  poor thing . 
  judging by trumps poll numbers the teachers did a terrible job . 
  let the americans downvote you . 
  i agree with you . 
  europe needs to solver her own problems . 
  be a partner to the us , but not their bitch . 
  what a ridiculous statement . 
  first the us does its best to intimidate everyone into using the dollar . 
  most oil producing countries have learned through war with the us or us-backed jihadis that the petrodollar is not negotiable . 
  and now you whine because the us was `` involved '' ... 
  she moved there in 2012 . in the 3 years after that the pound continually got stronger towards the euro . 
  that 's probably why she was fine with it . 
  the steep decline over the last year screwed that up . 
  yes , that would be better for everyone . 
  but she did n't even manage to do that , the least sweden should do is lock her up and interrogate her . 
  what you apparently do n't know is that most germans live in the west . 
  so there are also more refugees . 
  but per capita it 's about the same in most states . 
  no , it is n't . 
  these wars are on different scales . 
  both horrible . 
  but ukraine is the kind of survivable horrible . 
  it 's obviously a russian propaganda video . 
  but i was surprised that you are so sure that all the pro-russian rebels in the background/out of shot are not actual russians . 
  how do you know who the soldiers are ? 
  we know for a fact that russian troops were/are deployed in eastern ukraine . 
  the ukraine war is a mess , but it 's nothing like syria . 
  did you miss the ukraine war the last 3 years ? 
  those are russians living in eastern ukraine , beating on ukrainian soldiers captured by pro-russian rebels and their kremlin miitary support . 
  they do n't have to be bilingual , they want to be bilingual . 
  south tyrol is n't exactly your normal italy , as the name suggests  there it is the majority compromising with the country . 
  not the country compromising with a minority . 
  jamie oliver is a very talented cook who is working very hard to brutalize and sodomize every classical european dish . 
  even on normal small streets ? 
  that would be very expensive . 
  yes , like i said . 
  in border regions and for town entry/exit signs we use bilingual signs . 
  but inside of towns/cities they rarely exist . 
  if there are bilingual signs , they are in english for tourists . 
  that 's nice . 
  but if poland is the only country that does it more regularly , you ca n't expect every other country to do the same . 
  there are far more polish people living in england and germany , but no street signs for them either . 
  how many of them are there inside of cities ? 
  does n't look like a regular thing . 
  we have the bilingual entry signs too . 
  but those rarely exist inside the town . 
  surnames , sure . 
  but i have never heard of bilingual street signs being used more than a gesture . 
  maybe the signs at the entry/exit of a town . 
  but inside ? 
  minority umbrellas, 
  since means after , sherlock . 
  now stop whining about your nazi guilt and vote merkel out . 
  those `` border crimes '' ( ausl\u00e4nderrechtliche vergehen ) show up in their own statistic and are not counted amonge the `` real crimes '' i posted above . 
  what kind of statistics forgets to mention the actual numbers ?
