  what do they have to do with irelands tax haven schemes ? 
  national interest . 
  a us company is sooner or later going to repatriate at least some of their stolen riches . 
  at which point income tax , vat , etc. 
  are paid to the treasury . 
  ireland is the last country that should whine about the eu , they have received a shit ton of funding . 
  do you want those 1 % tax deals for companies ? 
  fuck them . 
  let them pay their 10 % , it 's still way less then we citizens pay . 
  how did you get the guinness logo as a flair ? 
  the top poster already explained it . 
  basically the italian government wants italian teenagers to consume more italian art . 
  no garbago americano  has nothing to do with terrorism . 
  how long can the international banking mafia come up with new and innovative ways to shift the mountain of debt from one hand to the other ? 
  bail-outs , bail-ins , bad banks , banks forming a bank bail-in commission , banks merging with bad banks , bad banks buying other banks ... 
  narrowly ...  but we beat you in the number of organizations that ran the campaign . 
  btw , check out those orgs , they did the footwork ( at the bottom ) : https://savetheinternet.eu/en/, 
  because it is obvious that greece is involved if the greek books are cooked . 
  it 's not that complicated . 
  or that it 's so obvious it would be redundant . 
  how could a foreign bank hide national debt without the national government knowing about it :d, 
  how did i imply that greece was the victim ? 
  in order for goldman sachs to cook the books greece had to want it and the eu regulatory body had to be aware off it . 
  not a single us company has been attacked or even penalized . 
  but goldman sachs is pretty much the head of the banking mafia . 
  they are hated ever since 2008 . and it 's no secret that goldman sachs and a few eu politicians conspired to cook greece 's books . 
  and now one of those eu politicians is getting his reward - a multi million dollar position . 
  1/3 german , 1/3 norwegian , 1/3 wingdings that has to be the worst looking language :d, 
  do you mean the british people that answered want swedish/german boys ? 
  the persecution of the coptic christians is well known . 
  you have to be ideologically biased to write something that stupid . 
  the fact that muslims are in churches might be the reason `` they do n't practice at all '' . 
  yes , as far left as they come in austrian politics . 
  the communist party does n't really exist on a federal level . 
  sure , but you have to remember who the two candidates are . 
  a respected guy who stands on the now unpopular left and a weird guy who stands on the popular conservative/right side . 
  a lot of the people who are voting for hofer now want a continuation of the stricter tone/policies . 
  so they want to keep the center parties on course . 
  it 's all about sending a message . 
  unfortunately for most austrians it means voting for someone they do n't agree with . 
  are n't those 2 unrelated things ? 
  1 ) i knew about the trouble with maria theresa as a ruler 2 ) but i thought it 's ok to have one parent to inherit the house name . 
  but apparently it comes from the father . 
  former leader of the green party , vocal proponent of a continuation of the migrant fiasco . 
  that counts as left in austria . 
  the american system does not apply in austria . 
  the concepts of left/right are only relative terms to the median voter . 
  vdb = left , hofer = right . 
  the center has to watch . 
  no question about it . 
  i 've never understood how monarchies work exactly . 
  why is n't maria theresas son joseph ii . 
  recognised as a habsburg , but as habsburg-lothringen ? 
  i think the words you were looking for is : `` vielen dank , mazedonien ! '', 
  logic of a woman , even one that is smarter than anyone here ... 
  looking at this chart it 's more like : `` we want only english speakers , the others are confusing . 
  oh , and send swedish/german ladies . '', 
  politicians and media might shit on hungary - or the horrible nazis in austria - but most people are glad that hungary is doing this . 
  i wish austria had reacted earlier , instead of condemning hungary and sucking up to merkel last year . 
  and believe me , we do n't do these border patrols to piss you off or cause traffic jams . 
  who is talking about the whole country ? 
  you mentioned backing from the government . 
  i would say sarkozy has some influence . 
  even if he is just campaigning . 
  apparently that 's what the voters want to hear , otherwise he would n't have said it . 
  not exactly https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/4zo4un/sarkozy_vows_nationwide_law_against_muslim/, 
  i 'm not surprised about that enthusiasm . 
  austria was taken apart after ww1 . 
  but at the end of the day , the allies judged the country by the government 's decisions , not german victory parades . 
  and another fucked up treaty of versailles would have just played into the soviet hands . 
  i 'd suggest you read the article you linked . 
  there 's no question that there was popular support for the nazis . 
  but democratically they would n't have made it . 
  assassinations , germany propping up the small austrian nazi party , political pressure and then the military invasion are not brotherly acts . 
  i 'm not absolving my country of anything here , they made good nazis in the end . 
  but let 's stick to the facts . 
  we were , but only for 10 years . 
  it helped that the anschluss was n't exactly a voluntary affair  the country as well as the capital vienna were divided . 
  we even had to pay our occupants during that time . 
  which was about 35 % of all expenditures in 46 . i know that people from the countryside very rarely visited vienna during that time . 
  they always had to pay several soldiers a `` toll fee '' . 
  relax , i already said i wrote the wrong category name . 
  but everything else is the truth . 
  yeah , wrong category name . 
  but everything i wrote is true . 
  i do n't know what you are disagreeing with since you did n't say it . 
  he is saying that not even a trained and armed police officer was able to do anything against a lone shooter . 
  how can you expect drunken , condused and scared joe sixpack to do any good in a stress situation . 
  while i generally do n't agree with him , he has a point . 
  you always have to look at a specific weapon to say how legal it is . 
  but shotguns are kategorie 2 ( b ) . 
  you do n't even need a waffenbesitzkarte ( weapon pass ? ), 
  to buy it . 
  i could do it right now and get it in 3 days . 
  certain types ( pump-action and sawed off models ) are harder to get or illegal . 
  not true in central europe . 
  most european countries allow quite a few weapons . 
  i own a glock and a hunting knife . 
  the knife i can carry around , the gun i ca n't . 
  to buy guns in austria you need to be a 21 + year old eea citizen , pass psychological tests and proof of identity .
