  well , at least you 're not a thief  whoever created this map was really concerned abouth thievery ... 
  there will be no expulsion . 
  there will either be just public outcry ( most likely ) or there will be light political/economic sanctions against austria , like we had 15 years ago when the fp\u00f6 made it into government . 
  most `` e-banks '' offer that service . 
  mine in austria too ( easybank ) . 
  credit card safety and fraud prevention has gotten better . 
  but it never reached north american standards because there are so many countries and institutions . 
  so we simply installed debit card terminals everywhere . 
  a lot of them accept credit cards , but not all . 
  debit cards have always been protected by pin . 
  what is not protected is the `` quick cash '' . 
  you can load your debit card with mobile cash , so you can pay with it in case networks are down . 
  not an often used function . 
  in the last few years you could also enable your card for nfc . 
  which allows contact - and pinless payment < 25 $ ( or whatever you set the limit to ) . 
  too risky for me . 
  well , exterminate is the wrong word . 
  but germans were the first people sent to concentration camps . 
  this post is full of bullshit . 
  a software developer in a start up earning 120k $ ? 
  a company paying vat ? 
  someone earning 51k paying 50 % income tax ? 
  europeans like debit cards a bit more because they are safer . 
  if i lose mine i do n't have to sweat it . 
  they are never going to guess the code anyway . 
  that gives you time to cancel/replace it . 
  my credit card is for hotel id and travels . 
  i never use it on the internet/real life unless absolutely necessary . 
  well , strictly speaking the germanic and the german people have very little in common . 
  and the germanic tribes squeezed out more than one people . 
  they started with france and ended with england . 
  and created a few cultures/people in between . 
  i never heard germania to describe modern day austria . 
  that 's usually reserved for things north of the danube and east of the rhine . 
  it was always noricum and pannonia . 
  thanks for the insight , professor . 
  i heard stalin was georgian and left wing . 
  is that correct ? 
  i hope there are lots of referendums in the coming years . 
  that would recommit a few nations to the idea of european partnership . 
  before brexit , almost 2/3 of austrians wanted to stay in the eu . 
  first of all , you do n't compete with globalism . 
  that 's like competing with patriotism . 
  a bit hard . 
  you either participate or you do n't . 
  and the way you profit from globalization is education and innovation . 
  just look at germany , japan , united states . 
  they 're doing it right . 
  depends . 
  if the kid is n't dragged into the political debate it is just a day out . 
  my mother did n't tell me why we were marching with a ton of people in the 80s . 
  i thought we were doing a hike . 
  turns out they were all against nuclear energy . 
  which i 'm not . 
  it is n't communism , but those social principles of redistribution , social welfare and state run programs are that both our countries have are social democrat . 
  and today 's european social democrats are the historic successors of yesterday 's european communists , that did n't politically survive ww2 and the cold war . 
  the nok had a 25 % drop in the last 2 years towards the dollar . 
  but so did the $ in that timespan , almost . 
  but reaching that devaluation in 6 months is a different beast . 
  that is longer than any european cooperation has existed until now . 
  i 'm more interested in the next 10 years . 
  so the explanation why the pound has devalued by almost 20 % to the euro within the first 6 months of 2016 are british tourists ? 
  wow . 
  you could n't sell the idea of a `` eu president '' to any european country . 
  how has a cautious approach to the eu and the eventual brexit help the uk with the muslims that are in your country ? 
  or in mine ? 
  i think they found their way there without the eu . 
  that 's another thing where i think the eu can negotiate better together . 
  just buy some shithole in africa and deport people there if we do n't have extradition agreements for deportations . 
  but if the conservative countries shut up that 's not going to work . 
  i think austria , denmark and especially the v4 countries are doing the better thing by trying to turn things around within the eu . 
  globalisation also seems to have strong disadvantages for smaller and weaker entities . 
  and divided europe is weak . 
  for any eu country , trade with the eu-27 is more important and extensive than with any other 3rd party . 
  the warm answer would be to introduce laws that prohibit wage dumping . 
  the cold answer is that this is capitalism . 
  if you are not able to compete with `` badly educated poles '' then you have a problem . 
  do a mouseover his flair . 
  i could n't resist . 
  and who is we ? 
  who did they force to do that ? 
  you mean eastern europe who said no ? 
  how about voting for a minimum wage , or stronger unions . 
  why does isolationism have to be the best answer ? 
  many jobs in my country need immigrants and they are being paid the same as everyone else in that job . 
  but the native supply for construction workers or nurses decreases . 
  of course we also pay for access to the market , which is the whole point . 
  but i ca n't believe that the brain drain is n't priced in there . 
  we do n't even have to do the east-west comparison . 
  did n't scotland and ireland get eu funding . 
  which might correlate to a lot of their people moving to england/the us ? 
  is n't that the same effect on a smaller degree ? 
  we know that because the business world in every eu country has become more international . 
  and that would n't work so well with 30 different currencies , 500 different trade deals and so on . 
  well , ok you got me on the eu money . 
  but here in europe we call it `` social democrat ''  the european union is not a perfect system , but it is better than reverting to nation states and losing even more influence on the world stage . 
  of course there is . 
  just look at the economic data , look how fast eastern europe is catching up ( in only 10 years of membership ) . 
  i 'm more concerned about spain , italy and greece than poland , the baltics or romania . 
  the bureaucrats do n't need to allocate anything .
