  and it looks like our new arrivals like fascism just as much as our grandparents . 
  might have a revival soon . 
   no record for culture . 
  sure , buddy . 
  maybe russia needs another strong german woman . 
  merkel might replace putin one day :d, 
  thanks for reminding us of ww2 . 
  we almost forgot . 
  exporting freedoms, 
  lol , jewish hitler . 
  yes , hungary was a part of the empire . 
  as was austria . 
  that 's why it 's called the double monarchy . 
  romania is part of the eu , 
  what are you talking about ? 
  oh , the russian people got fucked over by history multiple times . 
  no question about that . 
  and to a large part by their own leaders . 
  reddit is mainly american/british . 
  it 's not that popularin most parts of europe . 
  but i would n't underestimate the collective power of those low level trolls . 
  they shape the minds of an impressionable youth all over the world . 
  repeating the same garbage collectively on youtube or facebook can do a lot of damage . 
  i do n't know what you are trying to tell me, 
  good points . 
  and additionally : militarily , germany was occupied and under allied control . 
  russia was obviously not . 
  economically , there were already strong ties between europe and the us , no such thing existed between russia and the us . 
  be careful with that truth hammer . 
  someone will blame the evil west . 
  the situation could n't be any different . 
  i 'm sure the americans would have been fine with a russian marshall plan if they could have controlled the country like they did with germany . 
  bu . . but evil west . 
  did the imf tell russia to double down on corruption and sell everything that is n't nailed down to an oligarch ? 
  and the world celebrated as when the nazis were defeated . 
  for good reason . 
  the soviet union was not a knitting circle . 
  no one is blaming those things solely on russia . 
  but i 'm sure the kremlins disinformation campaign that was led by thousands of paid trolls had an impact . 
  and we see russian money today in the right-wing parties . 
  decades ago they would have supported the left wing parties . 
  how times of political infiltration change . 
  secular society means separation of church and state . 
  not lack of religiousness ( see usa and turkey ) . 
  i thought this whole thread is a joke . 
  apparently op was serious . 
  it 's like saying hitler wanted to streamline political processes in the 1940s in europe . 
  if you ever visit hungary you can use basically the same word . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/andreas_hofer ), 
  there 's only one hofer in austria 's mind . 
  finally an honest answer . 
  it is shocking to see how even younger generations are indoctrinated into this anti-german attitude . 
  england and italy are some of the worst . 
  at least we have the decency to do that in the basement :d in swedens no go zones rape is more open and `` multicultural '' . 
  my austrian grandmother says krumpern too . 
  it comes from grundbirn ( e ) , which comes from grundapfel . 
  which became erdapfel for most austrians , 
  if you put me in a camp with 500 austrians for a year , i will be able to identify at least a few commies , nazis , pedos , etc. 
  people give themselves away with what and how they say it . 
  italy should show more self interest . 
  because there is no solidarity in the eu when it comes to immigration . 
  this is not like paying billions of euros . 
  this means irreversibly changing their culture . 
  the question still stands . 
  what does italy expect from the european countries ? 
  germany was laughed at when they suggested distributing the refugees . 
  now italy will share the same faith . 
  no one wants them . 
  it was definitely recognized as a quickly advancing world power . 
  but even this writer in 1902 ( and even after the first succesful us wars in central america ) underestimated the usa and just warned of future perils . 
   not as if america were in a position to surpass old europe in any direction in the coming centuries ; but neglect of the timely and proper precautions core of the american peril to europe . 
  two world wars , a destroyed continent and 100 million dead people sure changed that . 
  could n't find any reference , only a link to a book by dan carlin . 
  you mean judging by their gross domestic product ? 
  ok , that could be . 
  but considering the relative size of the us and european countries not surprising . 
  there sure was n't a lot of american influence in world affairs . 
  not anything close to post ww1 . 
  up until roosevelt the us was more concerned about fighting people in their own country than abroad . 
  sure , that 's why so many ideas , inventions and technologies came from the us in the 19th century ... when people think of the us pre-ww1 it 's not exactly because of intellectual or economic achievements . 
  yes , i know . 
  we are currently dealing with the consequences of the last one . 
  i think it was the one with the wmds in iraq . 
  are you repeating the republicans position on russia ? 
  do n't bitch and moan . 
  the us gets a lot out of being the top dog , economically speaking . 
  no one is doing this out of the goodness of their heart . 
  is n't there a war you have to fight `` on europe 's behalf '' ? 
  flair up or i 'll come north and beat some patriotism into you , 
  have you actually looked at the numbers ? 
  pretty much all turks in europe live in germany , austria and france . 
  polish help was very important . 
  but the turks made so many mistakes that day , that the battle would have probably also been won without them . 
  nope . 
  50 % russia , 15 % algeria , 15 % lybia , 10 % netherlands , 5 % norway , 5 % rest . 
  but the dutch/german gas is of poorer quality . 
  so called l-gas . 
  russian gas has 90 % + methane , l-gas only 80-85 % . 
  for austria it 's about 90 % russian gas , the other 10 % come from northern europe . 
  it is greed .
