  make it out of fire . 
  my german friend says : `` ditches are more effective '', 
  europe has very mild climate ( thanks gulf stream ) , so pretty much anything can be settled . 
  quite a few uninhabitable places become inhabitable if the country is technologically advanced to do it . 
  a city like las vegas for example would not exist in south america or africa . 
  agree . 
  i live in vienna and my flat gets centralized heating from burning trash in the middle of the city . 
  air gets filtered , no problem . 
  britain will lose more than that , which wo n't help the negotiations . 
  remember , britains want out to regain their political sovereignty . 
  it will not bring economic benefits . 
  which did n't really happen as far as i know . 
  austrians always hyped our guy ( mozart ) , not their guy . 
  i love billy wilder , but that quote made no sense . 
  it is catchy though . 
  drinking inside . 
  i see you got that russian humour . 
  thought you replied to the wrong guy , because sziget came out of nowhere , 
  no , students do not work for a university . 
  if we even have to discuss basic shit like this , i might as well give up . 
   sure , i 'm talking to one right now . 
  now , who is the sanctimonious little cunt ? 
  now who is the one lacking reading comprehension ? 
  working in academic institutions means university staff , post-graduates , tutors , employees of scientific research institutions , think tanks , whatever . 
  thinking that everyone of those people will know what they are talking about and wo n't have private interests/agendas is beyond naive . 
  idiots are everywhere , in every walk of life . 
  budapest , why are you asking ? 
  of course there are also alot of idiots working in academic institutions . 
  have n't you ever spent time at a university ? 
  like i said , it is a meaningless buzz word . 
  it was created by idiots for idiots . 
  you are like one of my friends . 
  always chooses the pub on the edge of the city . 
  how about partying in the nicer inner city clubs ? 
  we have some roos in zoos , and then there was that :d http://nypost.com/2015/01/29/meet-anton-the-kangaroo-blowing-up-austrias-favorite-slogan/, 
   what does that even mean ? 
  it 's a catchy buzz word that was invented by academia in the last few years . 
  it is pretty much exclusively used in the art of shedding tears towards poor minorities . 
  every single person on this planet does it to varying degrees . 
  and nobody seems to agree where `` cultural appropriation '' begins . 
  so what value does that phrase add to the english language ? 
  bratislava and budapest get confused more with each other . 
  all those b 's, 
  it 's a fake word . 
  cultures have always `` appropriated '' things from each other . 
  that 's the very definition of culture . 
  real life are n't stereotypes . 
  americans celebrating oktoberfest are n't appropriating anything . 
  they are just having a party . 
  some people tend to turn into 4chan users . 
  all they want to talk about is hitler , hitler , hitler . 
  no such thing as cultural appropriation . 
  people do the things they like . 
  period . 
  btw : awesome reception by the czechians . 
  nobody said that she dodged a transparency law . 
  could be for privacy in terms of safety or to procure goods/services anonymously . 
  maybe she wants to order 100 black dildos for a party . 
  but does n't want to do in her name ? 
  or stay incognito at a hotel . 
  reality disagrees with you  i made that statement as hyperbole , but it is true . 
  americans drink 4 times as much tea per capita as we do . 
  americans !, 
  you shut your whore mouth , we look like a delicious schnitzel . 
  so does britain btw , if i turn my head . 
  usually black tee with rum and spices . 
  edit : apparently there is even a wiki on it  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jagertee, 
  in austria we only drink tea , when there is booze in it ( jagatee ), 
  god damn muslims across the channel, 
  we have more than enough . 
  i 'm sure other countries would like to help out . 
  are they in greece too :d, 
  that is your bad english betraying you again . 
  i wrote `` made fun of '' , not `` being funny '' . 
  i do n't know , who did ? 
  torturing me to what dead ? 
  to grateful dead , dead kennedys , dead or alive or just plain dead metal ? 
  see , i made fun of your terrible english skills while thinking about being tortured . 
  why do ireland and britain have different numbers ? 
  i can only speak for myself , but i am going to pull a france . 
  i voted for hofer knowing there will be a second election , neither candidate was strong . 
  now i vote for vdb , but my future parliamentary vote will be conservative ( because of immigration ) . 
  i 'm sorry greek people . 
  our hippie communist drum circles are probably the last you need right now . 
  do n't say anything about the head-in-sand doctrine or you are a nazi, 
  rule # 1 of humour : everything can be a joke . 
  rule # 2 of humour : you tell me something is n't funny and i will make fun of you and it . 
  realistically quebec is about the size of my own country , austria . 
  in terms of population and truly inhabited area . 
  i can not imagine not speaking english . 
  there are so many different people in european cities , english becomes second nature . 
  portugal is a bit of an odd example , like sicily . 
  they are pretty remote and have similar language around . 
  but i would expect young people in all european countries to speak some english in this modern world . 
  are n't people in quebec curious about the rest of canada and the us ? 
  they probably do n't speak french well enough to communicate . 
  sorry to seem ignorant , i alway assumed people from quebec are bilingual and prefer french ( like the french  . 
  a one minute google search yielded that - think what you could achieve within an hour . 
  do you really think companies spend billions of dollars on politicians and do n't get anything in return ? 
  https://www.opensecrets.org/lobby/index.php http://lobbyfacts.eu/reports/lobby-costs/all,
