  earning the right to be cunts towards germans is the only thing the brits got out of ww2 . 
  let them have it . 
  that is what mena immigrants are doing all over western europe . 
  they would n't be better off if we do n't let them in . 
  but we would . 
  how many british expats/immigrants are there that have 7 babies and let the spanish tax payers feed them ? 
  idris elba is already going to play a white character in the next movie . 
  no need to do the same mistake with bond , only to pander to certain people . 
  i like elba as an actor , but he 's no bond . 
  that 's like eating a vegan schnitzel . 
  either eat the real thing or order something else . 
  who does n't ? 
  germany does nothing to minorities . 
  lots of their cities look like istanbul already . 
  he said immigrants . 
  when exactly did germans kill immigrants ? 
  like i said , it 's certain that there are fp\u00f6 members who are nazi sympathizers . 
  but concluding from that the party has a nazi programme is weird , to say the least . 
  i 'm sure there are some commies in the sp\u00f6 at well , but that 's not their political agenda as a party . 
  i do n't . 
  ... did you forget to write the rest ? 
  ah , da is er der bei\u00dfreflex . 
  you really need to cut the drama . 
  ... and reading twitter . 
  stop freaking out . 
  volkswagen has their roots in the nsdap as well . 
  so does the autobahn . 
  you probably do n't start to cry when you use those things . 
  the fp\u00f6 are right wing populists with nationalist tendencies . 
  there are probably some nazi-sypathizers among them , bu the party has nothing in common with nazis . 
  if they were american , you would n't be able to differentiate them from other republicans . 
  keep strong eastern europe . 
  once you have the muslims , they wo n't leave . 
  austria has always taken in lots of refugees/migrants . 
  from behind the iron curtain , then turkey , then balkans , now the fascist homelands of mena . 
  i think austria has already 3 or 4 times the amount of migrants compared to italy or greece . 
  our welfare system is about to break and we are about to have the right wingers in government . 
  the spanish branch was especially fucked up . 
  but if you believe that other monarchies were so different , you are mistaken . 
  just read queen victorias family tree :d, 
  i think yodel rock was the height of cultural achievement . 
  they should rename it to europe stronk panzer wettbewerb . 
  sure , but i always have to laugh at the `` inbred foreigners '' , because that 's pretty much the definition of monarchy everywhere . 
   oppressed and financially exploited by a bunch of foreign inbreds what do you have against monarchs xd jk maria , you were pretty cool . 
  which reads like the greek finance ministry fucked up royally . 
  have some self accountability . 
  so greece falsifies it 's budget and lies to the eu and you blame the eu ? 
  there was a lot of fuzz made about the presidential election in 2016 . but this is the real one . 
  seems like austria is getting brussels sanctions again , because it looks like a conservative-right wing coalition is next . 
  not according to the contracts they signed . 
  they were n't yours , we earned them in a poker game . 
  420 blaze it, 
  hey , the warcrime defender is back :d, 
  there is one ray of sunshine to her right and one ma\u00df to her left . 
  still disappointing . 
  especially since those 4 germans seem confused on how to share that half full ma\u00df . 
  well , the thread is about serbia and it was the largest republic in the balkans with the most ethnic germans in it . 
  but what is true for serbia , is also true for the other yugoslav republics . 
  if you believe the officiyl numbers that 12 million ethnic germans were on the run and 500.000-1 .5 million did n't survive that ordeal . 
  it is pretty stupid to think there were just 12.000 people sent to russia . 
  especially because the czech rep alone sent 30.000 into labor camps . 
  maybe they were a present . 
  right ? 
  but it 's interesting that you get caught up in how much money was exchanged , not the human suffering . 
  my grandfather 's family had to flee the czech republic too . 
  but possessions can be replaced . 
  the expulsion of ethnic germans was a logical but unfair consequence of starting the war . 
  i did n't expect you to feel sorry about german slave laborers or hundreds of thousands of dead during the expulsion . 
  but i 'm glad you learned something new . 
  i meant that as an abstract sentence . 
  as in `` czechs do n't have to feel bad about the expulsion of ethnic germans after what happened in ww2 . 
  just the retributions and execution part . '', 
  serbia was a major part of yugoslavia . 
  do n't split hairs . 
  and i do n't trust those official soviet numbers . 
  there were way more than 12000 individuals transported to russia . 
  a lot of people simply disappeared in the chaos after the war . 
  it 's a miracle some made it back thanks to adenauer . 
  you should n't apologize for the expulsion , only the executions . 
  1 xenophobic mayor ! = 1 million deaths during expulsion . 
  it 's ok . you can mourn civilian deaths and tragedies . 
  even if they were german . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/forced_labor_of_germans_in_the_soviet_union you 'll never hear that in school . 
  i never said he needed psychiatric help ( probably would n't hurt ) and i never said he was mentally ill . that only happened in your head . 
  he is excusing war crimes against civilians . 
  that 's a bit more than unpopular . 
  you obviously need some . 
  if you ca n't differentiate between civilians , military units and militay units who commit war crimes , i ca n't help you . 
  it 's no wonder that war crimes sound normal to you . 
  serbs even sold ethnic germans as slave laborers to russia . 
  needless to say , they did n't return . 
  we are talking about civilians here , not military units . 
  it was pure revenge , not justice . 
  really ? 
  did n't you learn about the expulsion of germans after the war in school ? 
  i would also not be alive without it . 
  my grandfathers family were forced out of the czech rep. after the war and they became austrian . 
  his older brother was killed by looters from their own village , that was the last straw . 
  wiener schnitzel is veal , most other schnitzels are pork . 
  j\u00e4gerschnitzel is with mushroom sauce , surschnitzel ( the best ! ),
