  the syrian workforce did n't turn out so well . 
  he only said the first part of the sentence , which is factual . 
  the second part took place only in your head . 
  did you really have that much faith in president bush ? 
  a few years ago i watched/read a little bit about 9/11 . 
  and a big talking point back then was `` will bush have to balls to go to war over 9/11 '' . 
  he seemed to be perceived as weak before the war . 
  which surprised me , because i only knew him with the cowboy reputation . 
  the us was afraid and angry . 
  and you decided to do everything to never let that happen again . 
  even if it meant sacrificing a few liberties . 
  panic !, 
  it worked with 9/11 and the patriot act . 
  the french wo n't be able to take much more themselves . 
  push humans too much and they just want to unite behind a strong leader . 
  i feel my right hand twitching as i write this . 
  oh boy , that is what we call an own goal . 
  i 'd like to add the `` may i stick something down your orifices '' tsa to the list . 
  no crocs , only kangaroos . 
  if the ice keeps melting on the poles we will , soon . 
  haha . 
  although it should be south tyrol / leave us alone . 
  btw , that 's a repost . 
  and austria was wrong the last time . 
  this is not the nationalrat in the second picture . 
  +1 for andorrans who do democracy in style ( and a medieval broom chamber ) . 
  i know it as if it 's white , good night . 
  yes , loan word like kindergarten, 
  i think they are assembling a hockey-playing free-trade negotiating maple syrup-slurping task force in canada . 
  that only works if the victor is the only source of information . 
  the internet pretty much negates that . 
  istanbul/ankara are not some russian hinterland in 1940 , they are international cities . 
  over the course of the next few days information will come out , whether erdogan wants it or not . 
  during the coup a lot of news sources reported mostly about the air force 's involvement , because the arial attacks were the most obvious . 
  now the news sources just generally talk about `` parts of the army '' . 
  i do n't think it is clear yet , who was really involved . 
  but whoever it is , i do n't think they will live long enough for us to find out :(, 
  by the rate the norwegians are going the term secularism will not be needed anymore . 
  or the state needs to be protected from atheism . 
  a small one . 
  seems there was only a very small percentage of the military involved . 
  helicopters and jets did attack the parliament building in ankara and erdogans palace . 
  plot twist : the old lady was a punk from berlin who works as a street performance artist . 
  i never was a fan of that photorealistic bullshit of the early 20th century . 
  but who does n't want to look at a picture of a naked woman or a flower field in these 18th century style artworks . 
  looks pleasing . 
  i think the whole plan was not to shoot civilians . 
  they probably thought the people are fed up with erdogan enough to join them and end the regime in a relatively peaceful revolution ( since this was mostly air force . 
  most military/police are pro-erdogan ) . 
  instead , the people listened to erdogan and they immediately surrendered . 
  oh yes , if norway could ony be a little more like turkey ... 
  what if that plan backfired spectacularly and a significant amount of civilians would have joined in the coup instead of protesting against ? 
  like a much bigger brexit bluff that gets called by the populace . 
  or would there have been no chance of success because the police/army were still pro-erdogan ? 
  it seems like kurdish and is terrorism and the diplomatic problems with pretty much every other country would be enough for erdogan to unite the turkish people behind him in a `` us vs them '' matter . 
  he does n't need a fake military coup for that . 
  military coups always have lofty ideals and always fall flat on all promises and just oppress different people than before . 
  a revolution withouth the consent of the majority of people is useless ( unless you 're the soviets and have decades of time to brainwash everyone and kill the rest ) . 
  think of the foreskin as a fire hose or the trunk of an elephant . 
  no matter how high/low the water pressure in the bladder , the hose conforms it into a very easily controllable and stable pressure stream . 
   and if you shower more than once a month you should n't have any hygienic problems . 
  plus , sex feels allegedly more intense , because the top of the penis is more sensitive , since it is always protected from air/dirt/contact with underwear . 
  because milan was already annexed by merkelreich , central home of homogays . 
  you ca n't explain the joke !, 
  otherwise it is n't funny anymore . 
  no go watch some kabarett , you are behaving like a german . 
  and we say tschechien . 
  which is both czechia in our languages . 
  also wrong reality  it 's just a fairy tale , like robin hood . 
  i do n't mean literally  just a form of czechia , not czech republic . 
  i guess that is the only compliment in that map  despite not having any mountains , you guys are great at it . 
  aamodt , kjus and svindal are quite popular here . 
  do n't know what a english brekky is , but it already sounds horrible . 
  let me guess , it 's fatty and there 's sheep in it , 
  slovakia should be ashamed of themselves . 
  risking europe 's future with nuclear energy . 
  can we buy some pls ? 
  energy from wind/water/gas is kind of expensive , 
  of course there are more , you fool . 
  thousands !, 
  why do you think we needed all those yugoslavian guest workers . 
  you 'll never find all those tourists that went missing . 
  never !, 
  hey , there are more than 6 years in our 1020 year history . 
  usually we accumulated land and riches in the bedroom , 
  but the habsburgs were originally swiss . 
  or is that what you meant ? 
  not necessary to change the actual name . 
  most european languages have been calling that country `` czechia '' since the split up . 
  to my knowledge it 's english and italian that do n't do that . 
  so it is now czechia and czechians ? 
  i thought czechia and czechs, 
  definitely needs more leg space to the east . 
  ca n't even see the sun rising properly with the eu in the way . 
  fuck yeah , love straya !, 
  if europe explodes that 's where i 'm heading . 
  with my passport they will think i 'm a native , mate . 
  there is definitely censorship going on in central and western europe when it comes to the refugees and the crimes related to them . 
  which makes sense , because no one wants to inflame the situation and refugee centers to start burning ( more frequently ) . 
  thank god we ca n't say that :d but the balkan does indeed begin in vienna .
