  and as a punishment for his crimes , they built him a statue ? 
  she 's austrian , but not nearly good enough for that list . 
  no , it 's not clear cut . 
  the same argument would make any nationality useless , because their territories and unions and allegiances constantly changed over time . 
  like i said : if you consider a guy that lived in salzburg and vienna anything but austrian , then anything goes . 
  most historic figures have 10 nationalities then :d, 
  sure , but that attitude makes no sense . 
  then you would n't be able to attribute a nationality to anyone from the past . 
  it serves a purpose to describe where in the modern world they lived and worked . 
  is this really a thing , that people believe the nazis did n't run the camps ? 
   calling mozart austrian is a rather modern phenomenon that only became more popular in the last 50 years . 
  that probably has to do with the fact that austria as a sovereign country exists since 1945 . before that we were always a part ( leading or not ) of a union/empire . 
  according to your logic , tesla was more austrian than mozart was german :d every dutchman from the 18th century was austrian too , and so forth ... 
  mozard may have been german , but austria has mozart !, 
  wtf , that list includes conchita wurst . 
  what is happening ? 
  understandable , the church haunted the poor guy there . 
  the germany he writes of obviously includes austria ( meaning holy roman empire ) . 
  do you consider everything german that had something to do with the holy roman empire ? 
  you are right , that it can get tricky from a modern perspective . 
  but definitely not in this case :d a guy that was born in salzburg , died in vienna and spent pretty much his entire life in modern day austria is not a big mystery . 
  salzburg is about as austrian as you can get :d just read mozarts letters , sounds more austrian than the imperialists in vienna . 
  stop embarassing yourself, 
  then your name should be southpole . 
  communism might have wrecked economies and political systems , but it was always big on equality . 
  everyone 's a comrade . 
  are n't you always one step ahead in those stats ? 
  shame that he lived that long and had a second life working for the syrians . 
  again , this is not so much about crime ( or what you mention , reported crime statistics ) , as it is about perceived safety . 
  the inclusion of 200.000 foreigners ( mostly male muslims ) into a 8 million country within a few years did n't help . 
  the proportions in germany are largely the same . 
  i did n't understand a single word of what you just wrote . 
  reported crime is just one factor that determines how safe you feel . 
  a lot of my female friends have made very bad experiences with arabs and north africans in the last years . 
  and the more there are on the streets , the more embolden they feel . 
  i 'm not here to convince you , i 'm here to share my opinion/experience . 
  no one said that there was perfect safety before . 
  but the last 5 years have changed things dramatically . 
  from the way people behave , to how we implement security in events or where not to go at night . 
  and yes , weapon sales ( like pepper spray ) has skyrocketed in that time . 
  the article you 're commenting on says so :d, 
  i 'm so sorry that my experience and that of millions of women differ from yours . 
  the feeling of public safety is not necessarily the same as a crime statistic . 
  women now encounter more groups of young men on their daily travels on the streets . 
  they get catcalled , whistled at more often . 
  they notice the increasing lack of women on the street . 
  the get a hand on the ass in the disco more than usual . 
  it 's the little things that creep into your life , whether you like them or not . 
  someday you wake up and have ghettos like in paris or brussels . 
  because they are unsafer . 
  watch out for the gropy hands and keep your arm extended . 
  like a helicopter . 
  i thought that as well . 
  takes about 5 minutes after getting off the plane in helsinki to find a better looking woman ( or even man ? 
  just rub any fat/oil on your face to keep the skin from dying , in an emergency you can even use ~ ~ greece ~ ~ grease , 
  haha , take mercy on croatia over here . 
  plus , they ca n't wear hats with their tornado winds on the coast :d, 
  that 's true of every country on everyone of those maps . 
  technically none existed in its current form when the war happened . 
  ww2 was hoepfully an exception . 
  nope , but we can forget those pesky human rights for a second . 
  everyone else on this shitty rock does it , except europeans . 
  they are doing the best they can with a defunct immigration system . 
  it 's time to reform it completely because it has stopped working years ago . 
  i 'm not interested in how they ( do n't ) work . 
  i 'm interested in a model that does work in decreasing the number of arabs and north africans in europe . 
  and we can choose that future model for ourself . 
  you make it sound like deportations are so difficult . 
  arrest the illegal migrants and the ones who commited crimes , charge them , put them on a a plane . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/category:uninhabited_islands_of_france pick one and let 's get the deportations rolling, 
  once we start to deport thousands of people , north africans and middle easterners will stop to pay large sums to smugglers . 
  why pay 5000 $ only to be deported a month later ? 
  that will be pretty effective . 
  and in case you are wondering where to . 
  anywhere outside the eu is fine with me . 
  language ? 
  who cares about language ? 
  when i google `` russian slut '' i do n't want to listen to her speak :d the rise comes from your ( well , our ) rising muslim population . 
  french island in the pacific , preferably without prior nuclear testing . 
  great warm weather , just like at home . 
  i love my polish bros , but you guys are way too paranoid to have nukes :d but then again , just being paranoid does n't mean that there is n't anyone out to get you . 
  do n't worry , it 's kosher meat , 
  sorry to disappoint you . 
  but there are more than enough drunk people in other european countries . 
  never heard of burning cars and terrorizing neighborhoods as a `` tradition '' anywhere else . 
  kosovo cunts . 
  you take them in in huge numbers and they call you racist . 
  non-citizens need to be deported , before they have children . 
  otherwise the problem will get worse and worse . 
  hahaha we have went from `` no culture '' to `` no significant culture '' to `` no baroque culture '' to `` no baroque culture except music and architecture and a little bit of painting , but not like the french '' . 
  oh , and the best part . 
  austria was not ravaged by the war against protestants on one side and against ottomans on the other side . 
  the czech side did , the hungarian side was against it . 
  i never got a real answer from my austrian side however - in true austrian fashion , 
  true , if you forget everything that happened in vienna after 1600 there is not a lot to talk about . 
  that post sounds a lot differently than `` no record for culture '' . 
  vienna and the austrian empire was always a bit behind the big empires ( culturally and militarily ) in europe . 
  but for their size and given the fact they were late bloomers they produced enough . 
  do you really claim that frankfurt or prague had more cultural influence than vienna ? 
  of course i can .
