  yes . 
  and the crazy achmeds of this world are multiplying that problem . 
  you answered your own question . 
  because it 's not just refugees that try to flood europe . 
  there are economic migrants and terrorists among them . 
  that 's why macedonia had to close . 
  well , thanks for the 13785th nazi comparison , uncle sam . 
  yes , let 's learn about european culture from a mormon from utah . 
  i 'm talking real life and countries outside of europe . 
  try being an atheist there . 
  a lot ? 
  ca n't be more than the nordic countries and a few eastern asian countries . 
  pretty exclusive club still . 
  you would see christians doing the same if you would open a history book . 
  we 've been there and done the holy wars . 
  but they used swords , not explosives . 
  i hope it does n't take centuries for the muslim world to destroy that phenomenon . 
  that 's a lot of ( probably wrong ) assumptions you are making there . 
  britain does n't count . 
  they have too many to choose . 
  boooooh . 
  or you could go the esoteric scientific route and tell your children that grandmother is now a tree in the forest or part of a rain shower . 
  just like every particle in their body was once created in a star . 
  but i will probably lie to my children about st. nicholaus , krampus , christkind , the easter bunny , etc. 
  as well - that 's just culture . 
  but culture is not the same as religion . 
  most of those festivals were celebrated - differently - by my ancestors before christianity . 
   `` i like it when people decide for themselves how they want to see the world '' to my knowledge no country on this planet does that . 
  that can only happen when we isolate children from all religious influences until they are old enough to decide - which is impossible . 
  or we teach them equally about all religions ( including paganism and dead nature religions ) and let them choose their favourite one at a certain age . 
  there are a lot of positives in being religious . 
  people take comfort in that . 
  i certainly do n't go around trying to `` convert '' people just because it does n't work for me . 
  i always thought of religion as a mental placebo . 
  who am i to tell you that you are swallowing sugarcubes , when you are getting better . 
  i wish we would stop indoctrinating children . 
  teach them a few religions and let them choose their favourite one at age 16 - and then see the numbers of atheists skyrocket . 
  emotions are inevitable , but they need to be somehow controlled by logic . 
  i love potato chips , but i do n't eat them excessively , because i would get fat and die younger . 
  i 'm not saying being religious is an illness , it 's just a mass delusion . 
  and it has nothing to do with intelligence , that 's the scary part . 
  those people are just good people . 
  if religion would n't exist , they would do the same good in the name of their district , community , bowling club , favourite sports team , whatever . 
  and maybe eliminating religion will not do anything , because we just want to kill each other and use the next best excuse . 
  but in my opinion it would help the world . 
  atheists had to endure a lot of shit by delusional people . 
  that can trigger fast . 
  because religion made sense , when our hut dwelling ancestors tried to decipher the meaning of thunder . 
  no religious person chooses their belief based on a rational selection process , like you would a political party . 
  you blindly inherit a dogma and never question it . 
  and people are prepared to do the nastiest shit to one another because of it . 
  they will pull a colbert  nasa once had a public contest for the name of a new iss module . 
  `` colbert '' won , nasa refused and named some treadmill or exercise equipment after him . 
  hungarian officials did it with the megyeri bridge in budapest too , for the same reasons . 
  that must have happened thousands of time since the invention of the internet . 
  seriously , let them go . 
  put invisible ink or some other james bond stuff on them to detect them later . 
  give the coordinates to the us and russia and make it a competition . 
  who hits more targets in a given time . 
  old swiss proverb : you can judge how much the government/state ~ ~ trusts its own people ~ ~ cares about illegal financial transactions and money laundering by the size of the largest available bank note . 
  it 's a pretty good `` big-mac-index '' for ~ ~ democracy ~ ~ the existence of organized crime . 
  so ... who has more than chf 1000 . - to offer ? 
  the guy who sells me weed does n't accept credit card . 
  what am i supposed to do ? 
  trade him 2 kebabs for a gram ? 
  so what ? 
  i would have acted exactly the same when i was their age and in a group . 
  ask those same questions when they are alone and the answers will be different . 
  this !, 
  sugar is sugar , the differences are miniscule . 
  but americans put sugar in everything , usually the cheaper the food the more sugar it contains . 
  even white bread has it . 
  add to that about 100 chemicals that are not allowed in europe and you get a different taste . 
  it will get better soon . 
  people forget quickly . 
  is antalya really a `` visited '' city ? 
  or is it more because all the people who fly to their holiday on the southern coast have to land at antalya airport ? 
  you mean beside all the weird shit they put into the beer ? 
  just kidding , beglish beer is good . 
  if it is n't flavored . 
  well that would be really sad if france only had the influence of countries 1/10 its size . 
  but to think putin is intimitated by any europen nation is insane . 
  russia only hears russia . 
  i 'm sure they do n't lose any sleep over france , the uk or any other european country . 
  why are there no ukrainians in this subreddit ? 
  just use some proxy or vpn , so fsb ca n't track you . 
  huh , apparently coaches in austria have selt belts too . 
  never noticed anyone using it , except the driver . 
  because hair is something that is used against you in a good street fight . 
  have you ever seen a bus that has seat belts ? 
  wow , did n't know the south eats up money like that . 
  it 's sad that after 70 years they still see the germans as aggressive , when in reality you are the biggest pussycats after the swedes . 
  the point he is trying to make ( and both of us disagree with him ) is that he wants it to be purely british political system , good or bad . 
  he would rather sink as the captain of his own ship , than join the very slow moving sangria floatilla . 
  and he has the right to vote so . 
  not saying it is n't possible . 
  but i do n't know of a single neighborhood in an austrian city where people would attack a camera crew in broad daylight in public ( mall ) . 
  wo n't take long though . 
  the government has said that everyone is integrating well . 
  there is no reason to distrust big brother .
