  my landlord ( like 90 % of other landlords ) is a company that does n't do house visits . 
  you want transportation ? 
  hop on a bike . 
  noone checks your id , noone notices you longer than 3 seconds . 
  that 's usually true for a small percentage , but this sounds like a pro-terrorist mob , in the middle of belgium . 
  you probably would n't get that much support for a terrorist in kabul . 
  you mean they go there to see disney world or the mgm and just do what they do , binge drink . 
  no one in the history of mankind has gone to the usa solely to drink . 
  probably passive aggressive statements coupled with sarcasm and useless euphemisms . 
  i got that behaviour a lot more from the anglos when i was a waiter during college ( vienna ) . 
  they never say what they actually think and leave you guessing . 
  but americans and british are also amongst the most corteuous guests . 
  you are kind of a bipolar culture , 
  the common brit usually dies very quickly in the alps . 
  you do see the richer in ones in innsbruck and salzburg though . 
  put a webcam in his cell and let him dance for the kuffars, 
  how is that possible ? 
  they are defending that murderous piece of shit ? 
  read : christian or atheist countries who do n't need to import the middle ages . 
  we have them in our museums . 
  before what gets out of hand ? 
  they found 30 lobsters . 
  that is not the most urgent immigration issue that sweden faces . 
  wait , let me summarize that . 
  - mentioning dachau has nothing to do with ww2 - comparing the refugee camp in idomeni to a concentration camp where tens of thousands were tortured and killed is understandable - you only doubt that the refugee camps in your own country are comparable to concentration camp - of course , why would you take a poltician literal . 
  nformation and data is meaningless . 
  he is like an artist , a muse , that just serenades about beauty and form . 
  according to the graphic it 's in millionaires . 
  so , either 7 million french people in sweden , or 7 millionaires . 
  i 'm so ronery ... 
  i 'm sure if there is one thing in the world where the scots are as passionate as the french/italians - it is scotch . 
  everyone knows that ancient macedonia and modern macedonie are 2 different things . 
  ca n't you just give them a little bit of your cultural heritage . 
  after all , they are using it for good , right ? 
  seems to me that they want a bit of national identity and a bit of tourism money . 
  and they have a heterogenous population to unite . 
  just imagine if the headline would read : `` germany , biggest cheese consumer per capita in the world , wants to take france 's spot as best producer '', 
  great job polish special forces guy !, 
  but what exactly does `` pilot training program for students from elementary school '' mean ? 
  do we need a new polandball comic ? 
  and the dirty work gets done by the balkan countries . 
  like in the good old days . 
  because our big brother wants to commit suicide , and after staging an unsuccesful intervention we are now locking the medicine cabinet with the help of more decisive neighbors . 
  on a more serious note . 
  austrians are afraid that we will be ( once more ) overwhelmed with refugees , when germany finally decides to close the border . 
  on a per capita basis only sweden accepted more refugees than austria in 2015 . 
  germany is # 3 . 
  actually , the article talks about austria wanting to help macedonia and bulgaria , since your country is the next route the refugees will be taking . 
  italy and albania seem to cooperating bilaterally already and coordinate with macedonia . 
  i was obviously just making a joke about your love of food . 
  but the historical connection to the langobards is interesting . 
  why did you honor the invaders in that way ? 
  dirty dinko is back !, 
  seems he has received funding . 
  last time he was interviewed he was sitting on a quad . 
  now he has a car park , a gun , henchmen and 25 hostages . 
  way to go !, 
  depends whether you are talking about the human sausage , the animal sausage or the viennese . 
  well , the result would have been the same with every other country , had the second graphic been in that language  btw : what 's up italy . 
  everyone else has a job or namesake and you guys choose the color of tomato sauce, 
  yes , i would that with all europeans . 
  outside of europe i say austria . 
  do n't ask me why i do that . 
  it just happens . 
  speak for yourself . 
  in continental europe regionalism is still strong . 
  i will introduce myself to an italian as viennese . 
  just as he will say sicilian or s\u00fcdtiroler . 
  liar . 
  admit that you did n't even know who or what a macedonia is . 
  you thought it was a type of nut before the crisis started . 
  that 's like the united states of usa, 
  put the axe away , he was just joking . 
  controls over expiration date have become stricter , everyone is afraid of lawsuits . 
  most food items are edible for weeks , event months after expiration ( if unopened ) . 
  meat is the only thing where i care about the date . 
  we just gave you trieste and all we got in return were pizza places run by turks . 
  no need to be bitchy . 
  and unfortunately no , the european people had no say in the renegotiations . 
  and you are correct that we have no say in the referendum , no one suggested otherwise . 
  i also understand the british side . 
  you guys produce less and less material goods , so you need to protect your service industry . 
  no one is mad about the swiss for doing the same , even though they are more honest about it . 
  does n't dunaj just mean danube  i think the other danube cities may protest . 
  how can those 2 debates not be linked ? 
  the framework of the brexit referendum is the direct result of those negotiations . 
  i wrote english , because in my understanding those requests come from london . 
  are wales , scotland and ni vocal on the brexit ? 
  the last 2 sentences are interesting , because that 's not how this reads : http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-32810887, 
  because in such investigations the individuals are n't the subjects , but the organization . 
  so you are a third party . 
  you can legally destroy documents until the search warrant is delivered and if those documents do n't have to be archived by law . 
  anything after that and your personal ass is on the line . 
  i worked for omv and we had extensive training on such scenarios . 
  i guess dealing with russians makes people nervous , 
  nobody in the eu expects to benefit from a brexit , but the english special requests could even be more detrimental to the union . 
  do n't listen to him . 
  it 's reverse psychology . 
  i would not mind renaming vienna to vindobona , 
  i 'm in my 30s and i heard the term fyrom for the first time last month .
