  which i support . 
  the first sentence of my last post explained it . 
  that 's what google needs to do ( after paying the fine ) . 
  without going into the lawyerings that 's all someone can do to explain it :d, 
  google needs to comply with the eu anti trust laws , which are big on not abusing a dominant market position or restricting competition . 
  here is the statement . 
  it should clear things up . 
  could be , they look the same to me . 
  but it was almost a meter long , so probably a beaver . 
  a few thousand in austria , population is growing again . 
  there is a pretty big population in the national park east of vienna ( donauauen ) , but i have never seen them swim up the danube into the city centre before . 
  a few days ago i was lying on the danube island here in vienna , when 2 swam by . 
  never seen them in the middle of the city . 
  they must be around # 20 . you are proof that they have the best pr and media department though :d however at least 5 of those in front of red bull are actually german companies with `` sitz '' in austria , like car distributors ( porsche holding or bmw \u00f6sterreich ) or german supermarket chains . 
  just looked it up , heineken is in there too . 
  so every heineken brand beer that gets sold in central and eastern europe is technically accounted as an austrian sale  modern companies can get confusing . 
  i 'll be the first to piss on red bull for what they are doing in football , but they really revitalized the area after investing there . 
  so who gives a shit . 
  now that looks like a glorious union :d, 
  the germans/austrians/croats / italians/etc . 
  that were nazis were nazis . 
  how is that so difficult for you to understand ? 
  it 's not like the germans did n't keep any records . 
  go and ask the nazis in your country how that works . 
  slavic nazis have always amused me . 
  or are you talking about the nazi government members that went into hiding ? 
  the word nazis is used for nazis . 
  the word germans for germans . 
  it 's deprived of relevancy . 
  that was his complaint . 
  journalists should not be like internet children , who see a connection to ww2 everywhere . 
  her name is `` lasciala da sola '', 
  yes , is n't that what i wrote ? 
  the only `` nazi forces '' were ss and einsatzgruppen . 
  there are n't millions of christians flooding turkey . 
  he means the obligatory history reference . 
  because they were german/austrian/etc . 
  forces . 
  ( mostly , if they were n't ss ) . 
  terrorists are usually weird guys . 
  what year is this ? 
  is adi back , do we need to protest ? 
  or maybe we want adi , like the muslims want terror . 
  do we still need to march or will muslims march for us ? 
  i do n't think anybody but muslims like muslims . 
  and that they are both choking hazards ( only for americans apparently ) . 
  return to sender . 
  lay anchor at a beach , let them out , wish them luck . 
  what 's the lybian `` navy '' going to do about it ? 
  we would n't be starting a war , just returning their citizens who got lost in the mediterrenean sea . 
  if they want to start a war over that , bring it on . 
  our border protection can not rely on lip service agreements of 3rd class dictators , who may be replaced next year . 
  go on frenchy , seduce them . 
  i 'm sure that 200m thing is really good at keeping out refugees . 
  oh no wait , we have 5 times as many as italy per capita . 
  that and the unfortunate fact that we are right at the top in refugees/capita . 
  yes . 
  pretty sure those people always existed in england :d, 
  theoretically , yes . 
  in small numbers . 
  but even those prefered western european money and quickly left . 
  good for you czechia . 
  :d oh my god ( feat . 
  your head has to come up out of the sand at some time to breathe . 
  is your city one of those that has mass muslim prayers on public squares ? 
  just a german tradition i guess . 
  i 'm not talking about terrorists . 
  our societies have already changed by the demands and dangers of islam . 
  in its current form it is not compatible with european liberty . 
  i do n't see how they can merge , so one has to go . 
  and do n't tell me that christianity and judaism managed that , they were put in their place by their own believers . 
  you just want to keep your head down and do n't offend anyone . 
  especially the people that will murder you for offending them . 
  that is sweet , but should be unnecessary in a real democracy with actual free speech . 
  but the natural consequence of importing the fascism of the 21st century . 
  it is a stupid word , but it works . 
  it does n't mean that they are all the same . 
  why would it ? 
  it means just one thing . 
  that they share the trait of not being ethnically european . 
  `` potentially offensive '' is meaningless . 
  someone will always take offense . 
  but you 're french ? 
  is n't everything closed on the continent on sunday ? 
  and yet you still knew what he meant . 
  and he only needed 6 characters . 
  that 's because the entire town is made up of tourist traps :d it 's beautiful , but so overrun by tourists . 
  you mean schools reporting parents for wrongdoing . 
  yes , they arrest them all . 
  that 's why germany is the country with the highest % of its population in prison . 
  no wait ... 
  definitely not if we keep importing millions of people with fascist tendencies . 
  ;d trigger alert, 
  if i were delusional , i would n't be able to recognize it . 
  you know , because of the delusion . 
  anything to add to the topic ? 
  who gives a shit if the nazis used a much older term for their ends . 
  `` zigeuner '' is still much more popular than roma or sinti . 
  and `` zigeunermusik '' is pretty popular in vienna . 
  those are not irish , they are american .
