  by profit you mean they will get a slap on the wrist , and the whole thing repeats again . 
  unless they are nafris , then the incident will be forgotten . 
  because hitler . 
  those migrants laugh about our law . 
  and since we have neutered our police force , it 's no wonder . 
  yes , manual labour . 
  some could n't , some would n't , most did n't . 
  it was n't exactly a time before written language :d even if you 're an analphabet , you can still tell it to someone who can write . 
  the stories we know of are rare , people did n't write their life stories down back then . 
  but most people definitely survived the plague by avoiding it and locking themselves in their houses . 
  fun fact : we did that song as a play at school , i was plague victim # 3 . good times . 
  because plague victim # 2 was quite hot , and she was stacked on top of me . 
  according to stories , there were people who were immune against catching the plague , even after being exposed directly to it . 
  one unverified story even became a legend and a song : `` oh du lieber augustin '' . 
  it 's the story of a viennese drunk who gets mistaken for a dead body , dumped in a plague mass grave , then rescued after a night in there and was fine . 
  we sang that a lot as children :d it 's a catchy tune . 
  english speakers do the `` seig heil '' more than the correct `` sieg heil '' . 
  i guess `` ie '' does n't compute to an underdeveloped english speaking brain :d they often follow up with something about `` deutshland '' , because `` sch '' also does n't make sense to them . 
  i did not downplay any involvement . 
  just the true context . 
  the usa was very important in ww2 . 
  but defeating the nazis with soldiers was not it . 
  it was supplying england , soviet union and other countries so they could keep up the fight . 
  it was defeating the japanese . 
  and holding off the soviets after ww2 . 
  those are big achievements . 
  but it is no secret that the usa wanted nothing to do with the crazy europeans , especially after ww1 . 
  antisemitic and anticommunist businessmen like ford and rockefeller financially supported the nazis as early as the 1920s . 
  and it took aggression against you to act . 
  different guy , they mean zinedine zinade . 
  that is what i said . 
  at the moment there is little difference , as you know . 
  also most muslims here seem to be migrants , not refugees . 
  they came for work , not peace . 
  no , the muslim population in spain/portugal is much smaller ( in relative terms ) than in central/northern europe . 
  spain will not face the same problems as germany or austria . 
  like the other countries that did n't take in hundreds of thousands of migrants . 
  seems to be the best strategy for a healthy europe . 
  no , `` we all '' were n't . 
  a lot were however . 
  quite a lot of germans and austrians lost their lives by the hand of the nazis , before and during their reign . 
  and no one is going to think worse of you if you remember them as well . 
  or the hundreds of thousands of ethnic germans that did n't survive the expulsion after the war . 
  that was the view of the nazis , not of all germans . 
  you are making the same generalizing mistake as them . 
   in their distorted view of humanity please read my comment again . 
  for the nazis jews were vermin , like rats or cockroaches . 
  they wanted to elminiate them . 
  in their sick sense of humanity it made sense . 
  i do n't what any of that has to do with apartheid . 
  and it took another 2-3 years before any us soldier set foot in europe . 
  by that time , the russians were already steamrolling through eastern europe and 2/3 of the german army were dead . 
  just look at the numbers . 
  ww2 was really a war between germany-russia and japan-china . 
  everything else was a side show . 
  in their distorted view of humanity it made sense . 
  unfortunately . 
  what blady wrote , would be impossible to achieve . 
  that goes without saying . 
  i 'm sure there are very few greeks who favour terrorism . 
  then why would we feed this broken pyramid scheme with more people from abroad when it 's going to fail eventually ? 
  better reform it now . 
  are you one of those alpha male 11 year olds from the mango mussolini sub ? 
  again , sending bombs is not `` trolling '' , it 's `` terrorism '' . 
  i hope those greek fucks get life in prison , and everyone that helped them . 
  he 's not wrong . 
  the world wars were great business for the usa and propelled them to superpower status . 
  it took attacks by japanese airplanes and german subs to finally get you involved towards the end of the war . 
  but you guys saved us from the commies , that 's undeniable . 
  oh no we have a propaganda victim here . 
  victim blaming , conspiracy theories , etc. 
  you turks really piss me off . 
  hey , wait a second ... 
  go fuck yourself . 
  `` trolling '' is not sending bombs to people . 
  that does n't make a lot of sense . 
  if they killed the entire village for one guy hiding a jew then they probably should have killed every pole in the country . 
  because there was a lot of hiding going on . 
  but the family of the guy hiding them would be fucked . 
  it 's much easier to appeal to greed first , then fear . 
  aka `` show us where the jews are and you can keep their possesions , house and land after we 're gone . '', 
  that principle worked extremely well when hunting the jews and the later violent expulsion of ethnic germans . 
  no one wants street dirt in the house . 
  plus the small stones in your profile can really fuck up wood . 
  there is a difference , but those 2 terms describe different concepts . 
  saying `` we are not a democracy , we are a republic '' is factually wrong , because the us , like the countries i mentioned , is both . 
  democratic republic is simply a compounded term . 
  it means democracy and republic . 
  so are france , germany , austria , etc. 
  the terms `` democracy '' and `` republic '' describe different concepts . 
  republic simply means that the head of state is an elected civilian , not a monarch , religious/military leader or dictator . 
  do n't do it . 
  she 's an austrian gone rogue . 
  cover your ears !, 
  i 'd call killing half a million women and children in their beds genocide . 
  whether they are german or british . 
  not `` strategic error '' or `` logical consequence '' or `` dehousing '' or some other apologist propaganda term . 
  :d how words change meaning , when they have to . 
  are you serious ? 
   when you dig deeper into it you find out that it was because they used rather idiotic strategies despide being able to do a lot better .
