  i do n't think it is the amount that differs , but the time span . 
  what americans do to food , you do to alcohol . 
  no enjoyment , just consumption . 
  thank god other europeans do n't drink the fire water . 
  if brits with sun screen look like lobsters , how did british colonialists survive even the trip to africa ? 
  rich , clean , safe , stable economy , beautiful mountains , very good infrastructure , very green environment , good education system , gender equality , stable justice system , low rate of poverty or crime . 
  yeah , not a lot to like , 
  then we have different definitions of order . 
  which in my opinion is reliability , punctuality , cleanliness and being a stickler to rules . 
  that starts with the individuum and reflects itself in public institutions and infrastructure . 
  no one beats germany and switzerland in that regard . 
  well , except for east asians . 
  come on . 
  public life works with much more laissez-faire in southern europe than in the north . 
  do n't even pretend you do n't know what i 'm talking about . 
  hate is a strong word , let 's just say order is not a high priority in southern europe . 
  been there , but it does n't come close to scandinavia and eastern europe . 
  hot chicks grow on trees there . 
  and they do n't lose hot people to obesity . 
  good . 
  fuck the radicals . 
  do n't give them an inch . 
  a meteorite of that size would kill all humans on the planet . 
  i was in sicily last year . 
  trash is their favorite street decoration . 
  he is talking about hot chicks . 
  southern culture in switzerland ? 
  they love order more than the germans , 
  would love to live on an island far away from all you idiots . 
  game of thrones bring american nerds , they have a lot of money :d, 
  weaken the pkk leadership by bringing a more moderate kurdish movement to the table and take them seriously ? 
  the pen is mightier than the sword . 
  those are depressing results . 
  but yeah , not surprising . 
  it 's far more difficult to emigrate to the anglosphere than europe . 
  so i 'm not surprised that the better educated turkish emigrants tend to live there . 
  shame that turkey has to suffer from the idiots abroad . 
  at least they are n't allowed to vote here . 
  where do you get those numbers from ? 
  i do n't doubt them , but i know quite a few turks , whose parents emigrated from 2000 onwards because of the akp . 
  do n't expect intelligent people not to emigrate if you treat academics , journalists and women that way . 
  i would guess that the less educated do more gambling than the more educated . 
  this site takes bets from around the globe . 
  bookmaker odds do not reflect reality , but the betting public 's perception of reality . 
  lines move according to betting behaviour . 
  the cities can afford that since we have industrial garbage sorting to some extent . 
  dude , it 's the news . 
  all i hear about the us in the news is that police are killing blacks like it 's going out of style , white people are mass shooting everywhere and trump is the new hitler . 
  i will still visit and have a good time . 
  a lot of them have , by emigrating to the eu . 
  that 's we he specified by using the scientific term `` eu thingies '', 
  yesterday i found some old metal lying around an office building . 
  that bmw has nice handling . 
  yes . 
  people outside of vienna are recycling crazy . 
  and some communities even enforce it . 
  recycling is a big thing outside of vienna . 
  almost every garden has their kompost , they separate paper , plastic , glass on an individual basis ( while we only have those communal containers that few people use ) . 
  i have no problem believing those numbers . 
  not born there , just found . 
  zlatans mother put him in a basket and sent him down the river because the serbs ordered all newborn bosniaks to be killed . 
  soccer will never be huge in the us . 
  but the divide might smaller than you think . 
  according to this link it is currently battling ice hockey for # 4 . but you have to probably add that that is total soccer viewership ( including foreign leagues ) and the influx of latinos into the us plays a big role . 
  total population does n't matter . 
  i 'm willing to bet my left testicle that there are more young germans dreaming of becoming a football star than young americans . 
  and half of the young people in the us that dream about becoming professional players do n't have american citizenship and will play for some central/south-american team . 
  well , that 's a shame . 
  because the european union seems to fail at every crisis , from the yugoswlavian wars to the migrant crisis . 
  which begs the question why we have that neutered thing in brussels . 
  either give them the authority to act or take it away from them entirely . 
  i 'm tired of half-assery . 
  whatever we will do in the future , it needs to be done quick . 
  and preferably a combined effort by the european union , all those individual initiatives by countries wo n't solve anything . 
  but those useless idiots in brussels are doing nothing . 
  we are already at the top of migrants/population , let alone migrants/area . 
  do n't know why you are so pissed about austria . 
  i like a bad idea more than sitting around on our asses . 
  anyone with a weak leader/dictator and a need for cash . 
  just buy them , it 's what we have always done . 
  and then fly the people there . 
  i do n't care if that is lebanon , senegal or venezuela . 
  let 's ask them again next year , when they had a 5 % population increase . 
  do n't be naive . 
  turkey is not a reliable partner and last time i checked a few billion go a long way in africa . 
  no bombs needed . 
  how about the other countries come up with an idea ? 
  anyone ? 
  thanks captain obvious . 
  those are just suggestions . 
  not impressive either , would n't want to try your luck after a brexit , 
  going senile is not exclusive to dictators . 
  but you ca n't put erdogan in a nursing home . 
  the remain in uk side barely won in the last referendum . 
  what makes you think that a brexit wo n't make a difference in pro-eu scotland ? 
  do n't you get it ? 
  after wwii our left has established a lala wonderland , where war and poverty are a thing of the past . 
  let the unenlightened wage war . 
  we just sip wine in our paradise and save people like they are stray dogs . 
  we europeans are so wonderful , the pinnacle of creation .
