  you were begging for it . 
  that is true historically . 
  does not explain their presence for the last 20 years . 
  how would you call it ? 
  you think it was a peaceful or fair process ? 
  i never said that . 
  i asked 4ringcircus why he thinks that it 's weird that germans might not want a foreign military in their country anymore . 
   corkage fee had to google that word . 
  did not know that was socially acceptable anywhere, 
  that 's why i did n't activate it . 
  did n't see the great advantage . 
  why is it bitter ? 
  i would n't want foreign armed forces in my city/country . 
  would you ? 
  i 'm sorry but that 's just plain ignorant . 
  germans had settled in those areas peacefully centuries earlier . 
  but the deportations had to happen , the anti-german sentiments were understandably high in the east . 
  how would you call it ? 
  you think it was a peaceful or fair process ? 
  edit : alright , using the word semantics here was an own goal . 
  thanks to the pedants . 
  apparently people do have a problem with the word invasion , so let them use whatever euphemism they want . 
  yes , real credit cards never got popular in austria . 
  everybody has them , very few people use them in real life . 
  so most shops only have the debit card machine , some accept credit cards . 
  we are looking down into a huge half pipe, 
  that 's what you have to pay at the tchaikovsky in tallinn for 4 people if you choose the menu ( without wine ! ), 
   http://www.telegraafhotel.com/menu-degustation, 
  bratwurst and beer for 20 guys for a football game , 300 $ would be a bargain :d, 
  i 'm exactly the reverse . 
  everything with debit card , cash and credit card only if i have to . 
  why ? 
  peace of mind . 
  i live in a city , the next atm is just around the corner . 
  if i lose my wallet or it gets stolen , i do n't have to worry about anything . 
  without the code they have nothing . 
  and i ca n't overspend unless i want to - so no interest rates for useless stuff . 
  also good for personal finance , everything gets logged . 
  debit cards ( or ec ) is direct payment . 
  the machine checks whether the code is right , whether you are still within your daily budget ( if you have set it ) , within your monthly budget and if there is enough money on the account . 
  a credit card is more open , it invites over-spending since interest rates are what keep banks alive . 
   i use my credit card for stuff i know will cost a lot , and which i know i 'm going to pay , like bills and rent that 's what i use e-banking for . 
  for the rest i have my debit card and 50 $ in cash . 
  debit cards are more popular in europe and it 's nice to know the other person needs a code for payment in case of theft . 
  if you run out of cash , hit an atm . 
  they are everywhere and free of charge for most europeans . 
  it 's true that the first 100 years of colonization were relatively peaceful and the settlers did `` buy '' land for european goods from the east coast tribes . 
  the euros brought technology and goods that were useful . 
  the spaniards did it in florida , the french in louisiana and quebec , the dutch in new york , the british everywhere in between . 
  but of course that only lasted until the colonies were strong enough to confront the tribes in open warfare and ethnically cleanse the areas to the west . 
  do n't you understand ? 
  it is the entire nuclear arsenal and the us armed forces that stand behind those 100 men . 
  that would be suicide . 
  if you do n't control where the money goes it will lead to corruption . 
  but there needs to be some transfer fund . 
  western european countries profit more from an open market and from the brain drain than eastern europe . 
  seriously , it 's time to put up or shut up . 
  and that goes for all political members of this union . 
  we need to go back to a common goal and if it means that the political union loses some members so be it . 
  are you high ? 
  if the soviets were n't crazy enough to attack the us in the 70s/80s , the russians are definitely not going to do it now , since the gap in military effectiveness/spending has increased dramatically in the us favor . 
  they spend as much as the entire world combined . 
  as far as poland is concerned 100 us soldiers are just as good a defensive weapon as 100.000 . 
  my god , the snowboarder in me just got a huge erection . 
  imagine that is real , put some fake snow on there , some lights . 
  skiing vilnius at night . 
  or ski jumping . 
  no need to belittle him , and he 's right . 
  your average steel worker is in his late 30s/early 40s . 
  it gets harder to find new employment the older you get . 
  especially when it was a specialized job . 
  if you try something like that in austria , the metal union would riot . 
  btw , metal union sounds way better than metaller . 
  the german ruling elite at the time consisted of a lot of reactionary old people that had strong ties to the nazis . 
  their favorite reaction to huge demonstrations was to beat them down . 
  that was a huge reason for all the student movements that led to germany of today being so left . 
  rouhani requested on monday that all the demonstrations in vienna be cancelled on the day of his arrival . 
  fischer refused , rouhani cancelled for security reasons ... europe right now is getting played by everyone :(, 
  i agree . 
  oops  wrong link . 
  here you go : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2bnoe0rtqya, 
  some degree , yes . 
  but not nearly enough as you made it sound in your first posts . 
  they can vote on those things and other people will vote against them . 
  the bundesverfassungsgericht actually has laws that prohibit too many government officials in the rundfunkrat . 
  there need to be enough people from other groups ( churches , social groups , feminists , lawyers , etc. ), 
  but to think that the cdu just picks up the phone and the show is gone by the end of the week . 
  that 's not realisitic . 
  economically , yes . 
  china is a main lender to the us , chinese companies are quite heavily invested in the us real estate market . 
  but the us also has a lot of investments in china . 
  it goes both ways . 
  but the us will never give up it 's military hegemony . 
   it 's ultimately controlled by the government via the bundesverfassungsgericht that really gave me a chuckle , thank you . 
  you do know that the whole reason for the existance of the bundesverfassungsgericht is to hold the current government accountable , right ? 
  it 's like saying the judge who sentenced me to 6 month probation is bribed by me , because i pay part of his salary through taxation , 
  not exactly . 
  there is less diversity in channels on austrian tv compared to germany . 
  and we had quite a few orf scandals about party involvement in the past . 
  wolf is an institution though .
