  arrest and deport . 
  the only message people understand . 
  of course you 're not mad . 
  that 's the image poland tries to push to the world . 
  german copyright strikes again . 
  the most repressive in europe ? 
  apparently not . 
  because we already have european governments on fp\u00f6 level . 
  where ? 
  on the bike lanes ? 
  certain cities/regions are always outliers . 
  salzburg for example has a ratio of 1 to 12 . 
  of course the english bastards let the brewery with the english name alone . 
  it is a bit weird , since people from '' - ia '' countries are called '' - ians '' . 
  but a short form was needed , since almost every language except english had a one word name . 
  i did n't mean physically , i meant politically  turks ca n't vote in austrian elections , only in turkish elections . 
  when you say in english `` they have the right to vote in x country '' it means in the elections of x country . 
  you do n't think we had the phenomenon of affluent people moving into cheaper areas and businesses following ? 
  there is not a single turkish citizen that can vote in austria . 
  but they can vote in turkey . 
  haha , just flush after dumping . 
  no smell . 
  you 're overthinking it . 
  but enjoy your anal showers , 
  he 's talking about the murders , not the deportations . 
  stand up and admire your dump while wiping, 
  they are all over the place and i love them . 
  hate getting water up my asshole when i 'm abroad . 
  you people and your anal showers . 
  they were wiped out by our opas, 
  fvck yes, 
  accusing people of what ? 
  i did n't call your country by a stupid name or call you a different nationality . 
  apparently respect is not needed when talking about austria . 
  again with this shit . 
  why is it impossible for some people in this subreddit to talk about austria in a normal way ? 
  that 's a nice way of oversimplifying more than a millenium of history . 
  bravo . 
  do n't conflate hre-times definition of german ( ethnicity & language ) with the modern one ( culture , religion , nationality ) . 
  neither which is germany . 
  and one was 1000 years ago . 
  nice try . 
  again , austria was not part of germany . 
  austrian , czech and german territories once formed the hre . 
  would you disrespect the swiss or nothern italians by simply calling them germans ? 
  it 's funny that you choose to turn the austrians into germans , and not croats or czechs . 
  which would be more applicable given the state of the empire at the time . 
  austrias history is one of the oldest in europe . 
  calling them germans wo n't make you any friends . 
  that 's like calling poles russians . 
  he also styled himself as king of bohemia , king of croatia , king of the serbs , king of blablabla . 
  does n't make the austrians czech , or the czech serbs , or serbs poles . 
  something funny about king of germany . 
  lol what, 
  no they were austrians . 
  we stopped being part of the german kingdom around 1100 . or do you mean ethnically ? 
  but then poles are just russians . 
  austrians are germans to you ? 
  ok , you got it . 
  30 percent . 
  very important help . 
  but it was an international effort . 
  when we thank poles , we also have to thank hungary , germany , austria , etc. 
  hey , it was polish nobles begging russia and prussia to take them . 
  the austrians kind of stumbled into it . 
  both battles of vienna were won by the austrians . 
  they held the city both times for months . 
  the german and polish help in the 2nd defense was vital . 
  you are forgetting the austrian forces in vienna , so less than 25 % . 
  i was generous . 
  here come the poles again patting themselves on the back for fielding 25 % of the forces . 
  best media department in the world . 
  never mind the balkans , hungary and austria fighting those bastards for some time . 
  nobody thanks them . 
  thanks though , sobieski was a good man , but do n't push it . 
  you think white people turned white in europe for fun ? 
  seattle is on the same latitude as vienna , which gets about the same . 
  europe ist just more northern than you think , 
  oh you poor thing . 
  did someone criticize murica ? 
  do n't act like you do n't know what you are doing in the morning . 
  donald trump arrives in poland to begin search for next eastern european wife newsthump is too real , 
  it is surprising to see western germany and switzerland included . 
  they always follow the cool kid from austria . 
  you should n't talk . 
  it was your country that started the first carbonara wars . 
  the english did n't want to be left out . 
  germany is too big . 
  if they were still divided , then eastern europe would definitely fit . 
  but western germany is too much of a stretch . 
  you think our politicians are altruists that have no personal agenda ? 
  they might not be as childish and desperate as the ottoman f\u00fchrer , but they play the same game . 
  what ? 
  if the term central europe is legit , then it was invented for austria , czech , hungary and the slo bros. 
  gay marriage does n't require the acceptance of the church or other civilians . 
  what it is , is the legal aequivalent to a normal marriage . 
  all the rights , all the duties from a legal and fiscal perspective . 
  it 's absiolutely ok for the church to refuse to marry them in a religious manner . 
  thanks for the link . 
  for some reason i did n't have a british onion in my bookmarks yet ,
