  i 'm guessing it 's similar in most of europe . 
  yes , it 's really weird . 
  through our news i feel better informed about germany , france , the us and asia than all of our neighbors . 
  i missed both events as well . 
  just looked at the wayback machine . 
  the topics that dominated during that time were the financial crisis , the political unrest in thailand and the conclusion of the somali hostage thing that they made into a movie . 
  no love for italy d :, 
  it was more of a general statement as to what would drive the margins down . 
  and the eur-gbp would n't affect them . 
  although the year 2016 has not been great for the euro . 
  it stagnated against most major currencies after losing quite a bit of value in 2014/2015 . 
  are those numbers correct ? 
  greece has more soldiers/capita than russia and us combined ? 
  i think you are wrong . 
  the profit margin of a german product would n't go down just because the euro gets weaker . 
  in germany the product would still cost the same . 
  the only thing that would drive the margin down are the parts imported from outside the euro zone . 
  which is a flaw in a lot of our industries . 
  we design and assemble a lot of high tech products , whose parts get produced in asia . 
  they have been charged . 
  what 's with the stupid questions ? 
  they have already testified to police . 
  but ... the romans had wine and gladiator fights every day !, 
  oh no , this genius figured out the real plan . 
  abort !, 
  that 's already the bulgarian approach , minus the wall-building, 
  serbs are a bit hardcore for a german military, 
  attack of the eu nazis from space, 
  nope , because brexit has n't happened yet . 
  just the referendum . 
  your 're right . 
  the source i refreshed my memory from was a bit outdated ( december 2015 ) . 
  but it is a reputable austrian newspaper . 
  http://diepresse.com/home/wirtschaft/recht/4777809/hinkley-point_praezedenzfall-in-sachen-atomkraft newer articles say the proposed cost is suddenly down to 23 billion , the edf is selling assets like crazy ( 10 billion til 2020 ) and the chinese are on board now . 
  and no word on eu subsidies . 
  i can live with mean words from other countries , they are entitled to their opinions . 
  their actions matter to me . 
  touch\u00e9, 
  of course a single number can never correctly express millions of lives . 
  that 's true for any metric . 
  but real wage is still a much better indicator for individual wealth than gdp per capita . 
  no need , we are going to hitch a ride with the magyars . 
  you can lead the germans this time . 
  i can already hear them crying for a strong leader from my little mountain . 
  joke aside , that 's one question i always had about americans and their hero origin stories  how do you decide which nationality to pick ? 
  i 'm guessing almost all americans ( like almost all europeans ) have multiple nationalities in their family tree . 
  is it done by majority , coolness , rareness , oppression points , etc. 
  good . 
  then there should be no further bad blood if we end the charade . 
  that 's not what he said though . 
  the seat is a substantive and vote is the verb . 
  it 's not dumbos fault that you misunderstood bloombergs translator , 
  yes , it is arbitrarily set . 
  by austrians - for austrians . 
  i do n't understand what the problem is . 
  we enjoy it a lot . 
  because a minimum of labour is obviously necessary to run the country . 
  why would you make everyone suffer , because 5 % of the popluation have to work either way ? 
  seems petty and stupid . 
  by your logic office workers would need to come in on sunday , because the bus driver has to work ( even though he probably takes monday off ) . 
  how does commercial business shutting down affect a bus driver who would work either way ? 
  cancerous ? 
  are you sure about that word ? 
  we just value quality of life . 
  one day to slow down and spend time with family and friends is n't that bad . 
  one day where there is no construction sound , little traffic . 
  perfect . 
  you do n't have to buy things 24/7 . 
  leisure . 
  sunday is a day for family , daytrips , religion , meeting friends , relaxing . 
  no need for commercial bullshit that runs our lives the other 6 days of the week . 
  you can assume whatever you want . 
  even if you guess wrong what i think . 
  you can never be certain since brexit . 
  rule ( little ) britannia is making a comeback . 
  really ? 
  you sound like a teenager . 
  what the hell is normal anymore ? 
  if there is a hotel in front of the beach , it is still free everywhere ? 
  those exist to a varying degree . 
  completely free , open to public with a small price and private ( for hotel guests ) . 
  if you mean completely free that 's cool . 
  i never understood giving hotels the right to reserve beach space . 
  nothing against the uk , they think that hinkley point is a violation of eu law . 
  the proposed 30 billion for the plant ( most expensive in european history ) will be subsidized to 2/3 by the eu . 
  that subsidy comes with a lot of advantages for the companies , but negative effects for tax payers of all countries . 
  * the plant is being built by the french edf through the british subsidiary nnbg with eu tax payer money . 
  * the eu committed to a fixed energy price for the next 35 years to absolve the french of any economic risk . 
  * the british government committed to buying the plant from the french in case of political risk ( like a messy brexit divorce or the french public opinion turning negative on nuclear energy ) . 
  * there was no public bidding process for that plant . 
  the eu decided edf will do the job and that was it . 
  if these comments were only for turkeys ears , you would be correct . 
  but they 're not . 
  they 're begging the austrian voters to not vote right wing in 2 months . 
  they 're forcing the eu to start getting their shit together . 
  and they 're telling turkey to go fuck themselves . 
  the best politician i ever knew was our class president in high school , 
  you mean , the government doing what the voters want ? 
  germanys hick racist brother to the rescue . 
  not that i disagree with kurz/kern .
