  it 's amazing how they maintain their `` british red '' even at the end of a 2 week vacation . 
  there are still tourists . 
  but the problem is that a lot of the local people are not there anymore in spring/summer/autumn , because real estate got a lot more expensive and started being gobbled up by businessmen from all around the world who visit the area a few weeks in the winter . 
  so austria ( and apparently also switzerland ) started regulating who buys there . 
  i think the dutch and danes started doing the same , because beach/lake poperties got bought by foreigners in higher numbers . 
  absolutely , and so are sch\u00f6nbrunn and a few other places . 
  but i do n't see where the problem is . 
  you can easily avoid those masses in spring/summer and they are well separated from most living areas . 
  what do people in the uk do if they disagree with all the candidates ? 
  stay away from the polling station and refuse the primary duty that a citizen has ? 
  would n't the really bad guys just use foreign currency ? 
  i live a mile away from the 1st district and it is not that bad . 
  our city tourism is more easily digestable than the summer beach party idiots that descend on countries like spain . 
  and in what form am i supposed to pay my pot dealer ? 
  yeah that 's true , we did the same in austria . 
  but in our case ( the alpine region ) it is the inverse of the mediterrean problem . 
  they have a problem when the tourists are coming in summer , we have a problem when they stay away apart from winter time . 
  history of war with australia ? 
  lol you mean the 2 wars you invited them to , 
  what will you do if the africans make their own usa ? 
  i read about that a few weeks back . 
  but the only thing that really happened was that a few graffitis like that popped up in palma de mallorca . 
  can any spaniard confirm that that happened anywhere else ? 
  otherwise , the vandalism of a handful of antifa idiots should n't be news . 
  lol so many questions . 
  usually it is accusations , like `` is stupid '' , `` is homogay '' . 
  could be , maybe i projected . 
  since i live close by , i 've been to a lot of places in italy . 
  and rome 's food was underwhelming . 
  i 'm not an expert on the matter . 
  but since northern europe is world leader in workforce equality the us is a bad comparison . 
  in austria i would have guessed the number to be lower than 5 % when i look at my father 's generation . 
  but the last 30 years changed a lot in the workplace . 
  there are probably some regulations in there that favour women . 
  but then we need to reform the law , not abolish it . 
  that 's also a good argument for gay marriage/partnership . 
  forces society to look at the law in a more logical manner , not emotional . 
  yes . 
  that 's why i wrote `` he probably meant '' . 
  error in translation . 
  but the sad reality is that by staying at home and raising the children one adult is kind of in a financial dependency , since they sacrificed career ( maybe even education ) for the family . 
  which means people will leave abusive or loveless relationships much later or never . 
  like in the good old days . 
  and die much quicker by inducing obesity . 
  clever man !, 
  i think that 's what he wrote . 
  by `` quality food is cheap '' he probably meant `` the quality of the food is not great '' . 
  as in tourist traps . 
  rule of thumb by nature ( and thereby god ) `` whenever you shall get an erection looking at a thing , said thing may never be wrong . '', 
  do n't know what you are talking about . 
  * germany allows nudity in quite a lot of places * germany has legalized prostitution * sex is everywhere , from advertising to movies to the internet * one of their biggest tourist attractions is the reeperbahn . 
  * they are legal adults * it is not a compulsary event , disagreeing people can stay away this is n't alabama . 
  show me one company on earth that does n't lie . 
  the germans probably learned that by watching enron or halliburton or blackwater or aig or lehman brothers  like i said , that 's capitalism . 
  since when are central and south american countries known for their it industry ? 
  hold your horses . 
  vw is still the most successful car manufacturer on this planet . 
  they cheated , they got caught , they paid . 
  is n't that what capitalism is all about :d, 
  i do n't read us newspapers , what would they know about the internals of my country ? 
  i see it everyday . 
  this apologetic attitude is unbearable . 
  who the hell watches turkish tv and movies ? 
  never heard of that . 
  would think of 20 other nations on this planet before turkey . 
  haha , yeah why would a passport show your nationality . 
  it 's just for fun . 
  really sad to read how defeatist and weak you germans see your own great culture . 
  the media barrage seems to have broken you guys . 
  apparently our maroni are german too :d, 
  actually i think it is worse . 
  greece does n't pay the negative balance on the old credit card with the 10 bn , but mostly the overdraw interest charges from the negative balance . 
  actually i have to take that statement back because of the yugoslavian war . 
  another instance where europe failed to cooperate and the us did well . 
  and we definetely should n't get involved in muslim business anymore . 
  let them wage war against each other til the end of time , let 's just keep our countries safe . 
  i think the us should pull out of eastern europe . 
  saves you money and forces the eu to get their shit together within nato and to protect our external borders . 
  we have become complacent but your huuuge military enables that . 
  the world would be a better place if the us had sit on their ass the last 3-4 decades as well . 
  but yeah , you are right about the rest . 
  83 % , those were some weird questions . 
  it means that european banks need 10 bn to get through the summer . 
  nothing substantial will happen in greece with that money . 
  do n't sell yourself short . 
  you guys really upped the genocide game with the indians and perfected slavery with the blacks . 
  us germanics wanted to honour your genocide game , but the russians intervened ... 
  that 's what happens when you force the people to choose between the left and the right in the middle of a migration nightmare , to which no one has an answer . 
  how many % would the green candidate have gotten in israel ? 
  you wish . 
  this time you guys have to fight the communists in your government alone :d, 
   basically 49,7 % of the austrian population is not afraid to be called a nazi any more . 
  correct . 
  why would they ? 
  they are n't nazis . 
  i have those stupid panorama windows as well , hard to clean . 
  but then again , austria has the rag on a stick technology , so i do n't crawl outside , 
  too late , already happened  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4wvpdbnfizo, 
  you are already inviting your new overlords , do n't need us austrians for that . 
  never saw it like that .
