  that 's what the communists tried . 
  the market does that itself ( hello , adam smith ) . 
  corruption is a problem in most countries . 
  even if the west is a bit better off . 
  the eu is clearly not in charge of immigration if you followed the news of the last 12 months . 
  everyone is doing what they want . 
  the brexiters could n't explain the difference between a kitchen sink and their own asshole . 
  they both look like dirty holes to them . 
  they do n't cancel each other out , they feed each other in a loop of economic development ( at least when the money lands where it should and not in the pockets of corrupt politicians in the west and east ) . 
  why we do this ? 
  * economic development : our financial and economic system is based on growth . 
  a lot of that growth is dependent on the deals we can negotiate as a trade bloc . 
  they bigger we are , the stronger we are ( both economically and politically ) . 
  * economic optimum : the market should allocate the ressources ( humans , goods , money ) where they are needed most . 
  which means have the highest value . 
  and tiny european countries have far less ressources than the us/china/india etc , so we better do a good job . 
  * peace and political stability : shit hits the fan the hardest in countries/continents with high wealth disparity . 
  equaling out that situation with the single market leads to stability . 
  which in turn is good news for investors and business . 
  because war is only good business if it happens elsewhere . 
  well , it is a cash flow to the east/south . 
  but money is n't the only capital . 
  human capital flows west , accumulates financial capital and that flows east . 
  and in time the strength of those flows will decrease . 
  that 's why the single market needs freedom of movement , money , goods and services . 
  really ? 
  you fuck ... 
  that is why the european union pays eastern europe from the transfer fund . 
  not because they are poor and we generous , but because a lot of their smart people come to the west and we profit from it . 
  eastern europe has earned that money , we do n't give it away . 
  but if none of the eastern europeans could work in the west , they would n't all be able to work the same fields/jobs in their countries because industry/academia is n't there yet . 
  that means lost opportunity , less taxes , less economy and a weaker europe . 
  so those expats currently finance the development of their countries and prop up the economic power of the eurozone . 
  they pay taxes in the west and that goes to their governments . 
  at least that 's the idea . 
  reality is never that smooth . 
  corruption is able to fuck up the best model . 
  that is not true . 
  i 'm austrian ( vienna ) and every e-card i ever had has all the information printed on the back side . 
  no asterisks . 
  watch this original trailer to get you into the christmas mood https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-qxbxm7zutm&amp;list=plopxn-rr1kz2jtiw6rbapuieuydphom_b, 
  i did n't know , but it shows that i have the rhetorical skills of a prime minister . 
  the movie die hard made it into the helsinki syndrome , 
  yup . 
  it was horrible to watch . 
  i really hope the us does n't invade iraq . 
  that could create more instability . 
  if you want to get in on the new esperanto 2.0 you should start contributing hungarian words now  egy nyelv sosem el\u00e9g, 
  i probably should n't have wrote `` small '' . 
  but they were just errors ( of ignorance and lazyness ) , not actions of fraud or crime . 
  it is also true . 
  as much as austrians like to vote a little to the right , we also overwhelmingly want to stay in the eu . 
  and what happens to a powerful country like britain will be a reinforcing experience for smaller countries . 
  when the small errors are so widespread and there is such a laissez-faire approach to an election by the observers , there needs to be a second election . 
  blood in , blood out, 
  the finnish have a lot of sndromes , 
  it is because of assholes like you that the fp\u00f6 is so strong in austria . 
  everything must be equated to hitler - no discussion . 
  what was true for britain is true to some extent for every country , including austria . 
  the young vote is more left-leaning and lazy . 
  considering the last result they will probably have a higher turnout with the young this time , which would mean the green candidate wins again . 
  in austria there were two cases so far since 55 . 
  in both cases there was only a partial second voting . 
  this is the first time that we have to repeat the entire thing . 
  never thought austrian judges would be on time - was wrong , 
  ** edit : it is decided - there will be a second vote for the entire country !, 
  ** this is the live ticker - in german . 
  https://derstandard.at/jetzt/livebericht/2000040171600/1000061414/praesidentschaftswahl-wahlanfechtung-hoechstgericht-gibt-zu-mittag-entscheidung-bekannt the picture that was posted at around 10am shows the districts with the infractions . 
  * pink : letter votes opened too early * red : letter votes counted to early * yellow : other infractions * green : allegations of mistakes could not be confirmed judges rule in an hour . 
  that makes no sense . 
  greeks are dependant on their tourism industry . 
  whether the fat guy on the beach comes from moscow , berlin or london does n't interest anyone . 
  but how could that be ? 
  the referendum was reported as a 50/50 issue for a month . 
  where there no serious discussions on the bbc ? 
  yes , that function sucks on reddit . 
  you basically have to lead each paragraph with that ''  '' . 
  politicians are educated liars . 
  but if they are smart , they have a whole array of experts and advisors at hand that the general public does n't . 
  and it is their job to focus on the political issues . 
  you and me , we do it after work through news media . 
  most people are n't that bright ( including myself ) and i do n't know if i want them to have a say in extremely complicated issues . 
  ... and german opinion , and american opinion , and what did those guys in western europe say ? 
  wait , what did putin do ? 
  what ? 
  austria organized that balkan conference together with 10 other countries . 
  how could we condemn the border closing ? 
  faymann was already on his way out the office during that time . 
  we got a lot of shit by germany , sweden and greece for it . 
  this happened shortly after the opening of the tower : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vmtfn9imbus, 
  how the hell am i making excuses for those people ? 
  you know what , i give up . 
  the fact that you equate the fp\u00f6 with the nsdap shows your complete lack of understanding what that right wing populist party actually is . 
  the answer is bad project management and political corruption . 
  projects that take a long time have exploding costs . 
  it was the same with the new skylink terminal in vienna . 
  * 2004 they anounced the new terminal and adjacent infrastructure will cost $ 400m and will be completed in 2007 * in late 2006 they announced completion will be delayed by a year or 2 . 
  * in 2008 they announced total costs have increased to $ 650m * 2009/10 was dominated by parliamentary inquiries , political scapegoating and court procedures . 
  * it was finally completed in 2012 at a total cost of $ 800-850m . 
  a lot of politicians and `` consultants '' got rich and nothing else happened .
