  do n't tell him that italy is much bigger and has more population . 
  do n't want to confuse him on his anti-austria rants . 
  :d austria is a `` fascist dictature '' ? 
  stop being so naive . 
  there are very real historic reasons for anti nazi laws in germany/austria . 
  some of them have been forced on us , some of our own volition . 
  they wo n't last forever , but your arguments against them are just as stupid . 
  thanks to the internet our ( and your ) neo nazis have no problems finding friends . 
  do n't feel sorry for them . 
  laws that prevent nazis from congregating in public are not anti-nazi laws . 
  makes sense . 
  i know the `` i hear nothing and i see nothing '' tactic was very beneficial to switzerlands wealth , but other countries do n't have that luxury . 
  oh no , we have anti nazi laws . 
  cry me a river . 
  please , you hope that this would happen . 
  fasttrack into eu money ... not going to happen terrorist !, 
  so if you mention money , our eastern european brothers suddenly wake up . 
  wow :d, 
  not that hard with those neighbors ... 
  you mean the 500m fence at the border that was n't build ? 
  oh the horror . 
  somehow we have to check the thousands of black italians that cross the border in freight trains and cars . 
  1 . we do n't get money , we pay 2 . we took in 200.000 over the last 5 years , we are n't exactly a huge country . 
  our `` cooperation '' ( what a chuzpe ) knows its bounds . 
  because to a lot of people holocaust denial is the creepiest thing they have ever heard . 
  and the people that deny the holocaust are usually the first ones who want to see another one happen . 
  and fuck them , i guess . 
  yes , they hated us so much that they joined our side in wwii and were a more motivated ally than the so called fascists italy and spain . 
  fair enough, 
  why would n't former austria speak austrian ? 
  i would have been a traitor so i could live in austria-hungary . 
  test says mensehvik defensist however . 
  that 's how it started with the ottomans !!!, 
  first the soldiers , then the money , then the baklava, 
  what about dj \u00d6tzi ? 
  you have never been to eastern austria then . 
  i am lord , ja ja ja, 
  i have , and it is as the person said . 
  typical ubisoft . 
  very repetitive gameplay with little and clich\u00e9 story . 
  once in 1100 ? 
  since then they have n't left switzerland , 
  haha , he really was * special * ( and fabulous ) . 
  ignore the troll . 
  we northern/central europeans hate ass showers so much , that we even invented the flat top toilet for maximum dryness . 
  everyone uses it here at home . 
  you do n't fuck around with water on your genitals in cold winters . 
  neither looks like bolognese to me , but the ugly thing to the right looks closer to the truth . 
  at least they got the sauce right . 
  only as an alternative to vinegar , not as wine, 
  i ca n't speak any simpler to you . 
  exiled ( civilians ) or executed ( criminals ) . 
  please read . 
  the only genocide against russians was perpetrated by nazis and soviets . 
  stop playing the victim . 
  exile would be enough . 
  no need to go overboard koelkast , 
  this is the way i eat my wiener schnitzel . 
  even though i 'm fine with good beer . 
  i think he means the soviet invasion , oppression and torture . 
  horrible math by a german engineer . 
  3,27 is about 2 % more than 3,20 . 
  we are on a good path , but the graphic does n't mention that we import 20 % of our electricity ( not from green sources ) . 
  net exporters of energy will look worse in this graphic . 
  the sugar example is a good one . 
  over time customers picked the product with less sugar more often , so the one with higher sugar content got phased out . 
  market has spoken . 
  but if all my fish sticks ( in the same packaging ) contain 10 % less fish than the neighbor country , that 's fraud . 
  the restaurant is a bad example , because it 's not a processed and packaged product that is supposed to be uniform . 
  it 's very easy to define the difference . 
  you let the free market work . 
  sell the same products and let the consumers pick . 
  but if you eliminate that choice from the start , and not even declare the difference , it 's fraud . 
  glad you learned something . 
  there is a difference in respecting local taste and cutting corners on ingredients for cost cutting measures . 
  seems that eastern european consumers are victims of good old corporate greed . 
  does n't the eu have consumer protection that you can involve ? 
  all of that stuff that 's written in this thread sounds very shady and illegal . 
  never heard anything about it . 
  why is no one being sued ? 
  then i can understand the tripping, 
  the english flag looks too close to scandinavian flags . 
  the union jack is more symbolic . 
  i 'm confused as well . 
  i guess the point of this sport is to get to the nearest skilift ? 
  everything will be ok . 
  just ` avin a laugh, 
  their point is simply to laugh at the people in charge . 
  the themes ca n't also be too outlandish because a significant amount of people is supposed to get them , even shitfaced . 
  whoever it was that asked . 
  you asked for the definition of those 3 terms , and i explained it to you . 
  if uk law treats them all the same , that 's a different topic . 
  http://www.deutschlandfunk.de/media/thumbs/6/6d83ae8108ebc5280d085751f682d0dcv1_max_755x566_b3535db83dc50e27c1bb1392364c95a2.jpg http://www.duesseldorf-blog.de/wp-content/uploads/2011/03/burkas.jpg https://www.pi-news.net/wp/uploads/2010/02/duess_islam.jpg http://www.handelsblatt.com/images/tsipras-gegen-merkel/11509412/2-format2403.jpg, 
  is n't that a sling in the picture ? 
  it does n't have to make sense to be real  but those are the differences between the 3 words - they are a question of scope . 
  scaremongery enough for polish news . 
  approved !, 
  you mean 4 , poor accusative . 
  true . 
  if the word was scientifically correct , it would be something like phenotypism .
