  because here we blame april . 
  true , but the roma/sinti have neither a country , nor a government , nor an international diaspora that helps to shine light on that . 
  so hating roma never went out of style in europe . 
  really ? 
  has that changed ? 
  i thought southern italy was neglected by rome . 
  thanks for the answer . 
  it 's hard to get that side of the story as most british are very defensive on that issue . 
  representative democracy ( especially multinational ) is a tricky issue , and i always change my mind on it . 
  on the one hand it 's good because most people are idiots . 
  on the other , most politicans are lying pricks . 
  yep . 
  depending on how the fan club is run , from 0 to 100 %, 
  is n't that what we both love and hate about the russians ? 
  that they simply do not give a fuck about anything , not even their own lives . 
  because it is socially acceptable to show racism and discrimination against roma/sinti . 
  just as it was against the jews until the thing happened . 
  ultras are extreme fans , hooligans are criminals . 
  italy really surprised me the most ( also expected the germans to be higher taxed than us ) . 
  i expected the avg italian tax rate to be like spain . 
  all that money must go to the parts of italy north of rome . 
  because in sicily it 's 19th century ambiente , 
  do you really think that you would enjoy more personal rights outside of the eu ? 
  or are you talking about your government 's rights ? 
  most forests in europe are in scandinavia and eastern europe , and they do n't accept squirrel quotas . 
  they should all be put in zoos and be reeducated as catholics . 
  because turkey works like the us . 
  the constitution is secular because of historic reasons around the fight for independence . 
  ~ ~ but their populations are anything but ~ ~ edit : alright , that was a generalization . 
  religion plays a bigger role in their lives than the constitution states . 
  let 's leave it at that . 
  it takes some serious delusion and dedication to blow yourself up , period . 
  why not do it where it hurts your enemy . 
  who cares if 5 soldiers die in an army outpost ? 
  but if 5 american tourists die in the city centre of istanbul ? 
  now that 's a headline . 
  please , do n't act like this was some well researched paper . 
  he jumps frome one online news article to another and draws his doom & gloom conclusions . 
  those articles are all chosen to his selection bias . 
  the cherry on top is the book advertisement for thilo sarrazin of all people . 
  the funny thing is , i do n't disagree with a lot of his conclusions , but that does n't matter . 
  this video is simply amateurish and should n't be on r/europe . 
  well , it makes a huge difference whether you support an extreme left-wing student organization that protests the vietnam war and the irani sheikh ( and that was what they were publicly known for in the early days ) or a terrorist organization . 
  that was only 5 % of the population and before the raf started kidnapping and killing policemen , businessmen and politicians in october 1971 . 
  up until that study was written they only torched an empty mall and wounded an librarian . 
  public sentiment turned quick after the actual terrorism started . 
  has r/europe some kind of rule about posting only legit sources ? 
  i do n't think the geopolitical analysis of a 16-year old american youtuber is going to be helpful . 
  most terrorist attacks target tourist areas . 
  that 's the terrorist way of economically damaging the host country . 
  yes , there is something unique . 
  it 's called mental health services and the taxpayers finance it . 
  no where in europe will you see as many hobos as in north american cities . 
  of course people fall through the cracks , but those cracks are smaller . 
  people are not homeless because they lose their paperwork . 
  lower class chavs do not seem to travel to the german speaking countries . 
  the russians and dutch take your place in those countries . 
  but i have often seen that behaviour by brits in southern europe . 
  when austrians go to the travel office they used to say `` a hotel with few russians , please '' . 
  10 years ago that turned into `` a hotel with no brits , please '' . 
  the british tourists worked very hard and for many many years for this reputation . 
  it is well earned . 
  my condolences . 
  i have been there , that street was buzzing with people in the evening . 
  that could have been way worse than it already is . 
  coward terrorists . 
  this is why we have a channel between the continent and the far-east coast of the us . 
  haha , it 's good to know that even your animals are living the american way . 
  you seem to know a lot about crabs . 
  been to western sweden lately ? 
  so you were using the logical operator and . 
  right , now who is being too literal . 
  and if you think there is a single country on this planet where people dont criticize their politicians for being manipulating liars you have n't been paying attention . 
  but the comparison that was made between idomeni and dachau is extremely disgusting and wrong . 
  and if you ca n't understand that , i ca n't help you . 
  i think people from central europe have more celtic in them than the english . 
  does n't the us have insane laws when it comes to alcohol ? 
  age restriction , point of sales restriction , public intoxication laws , etc. 
  what fun would being drunk in such an environment be ? 
  are you high ? 
  the raf was german and never operated in austria . 
  and beside left-wing students they had no support in the german public . 
  understanding the plight of the kurds is not the same as supporting a terrorist organization ( pkk ) . 
  huge difference . 
  sarcasm is common , but among strangers it is weird . 
  especially when you mix in the language barrier . 
  austrians are quite aggressive aggressive , so passive aggression is seen as ... insincere ? 
  but as someone from the north-east that does n't really apply to you . 
  people from boston/pittsburg/new york would fit in quite well with the austrian `` honesty '' . 
  do n't make the mistake of thinking that austrians and germans are that similar socially . 
  germans are nicer . 
  while hiding there , not after a shooting . 
  your question was : how can that guy go unnoticed without major support . 
  answer : in a city where most people are anonymous , one helper is enough . 
  yes , but that 's the point . 
  that is not a silent support . 
  you have to be a radical to attack the police . 
  and who is romanticizing what ? 
  it means that if he were friends with a terrorist , that guy could hide there indefinitely with only one guy helping him . 
  when i was single , the same could have been said about my appartement .
