  the swedes are not the dutch , you could clearly see that . 
  have you taken a look at the other maps ? 
  same difference , 
  other way around, 
   we got rid of them, 
  wrong . 
  austrians have and will always call themselves the `` better germans '' :d even though we are probably the first european melting pot . 
  yes , without a bailout the situation in greece would be worse . 
  you would see something similar to the argentine crash . 
  correct, 
  the difference is that in western countries it is individuals that harbor resentment towards you . 
  maybe political or religious groups . 
  in most countries on this planet however it 's your family , your neighbors , the police , the judges , the government and the church going after you . 
   openly gay means you do n't attempt to hide the fact that you 're gay , that 's it . 
  correct . 
  and being openly gay does n't exist in many countries , because of safety reasons . 
  openly gay does n't mean that you act like a stereotype . 
  it means that other people know that you are gay . 
   openly gay people are no different to you and me except they 're attracted to their own gender . 
  correct . 
  everybody gets a german job . 
  it is not wrong , but it gets you in trouble in most countries . 
  so homosexuals become invisible in the public eye . 
  so when people from certain countries say `` there are no homosexuals here '' , they are somewhat correct , because they are forced to go underground/abroad and become invisible for their own safety . 
  i disagree . 
  openly gay means that you are either an unknown and you show/talk about love for men in public or you are a public figure , who is known to be homosexual . 
  otherwise there would be nothing open about it . 
  if you were to move to egypt and live there for a year you probably could n't name me a single homosexual person . 
  it was not about a broadcasting license , it was about a fee that youtube should pay artists for using their music or whatever . 
  it originated because 1500 european artists got together and asked juncker to enforce this . 
  i do n't think anything will happen here , but wko piggybacked onto this complaint by the artists . 
  like give a pole a job ? 
  i lived for a while in england . 
  with your print media you guys never had a chance to immerse yourself in europe . 
  it 's always us vs them and 95 % of lies about the eu start in some english tabloid . 
  a real shame . 
  you mean the fact that multiple world leaders back then had substance abuse issues ? 
  evil facts . 
  grrrr, 
  it 's not a secret that all the world leaders back then were drug addicts by modern standards . 
  and the same goes for quite a lot of soldiers on both sides . 
  some speed goes a long way in terrible and stressful times . 
  malaria sounds more plausible than `` the sun '' . 
  it 's well known that the first coffehouses were opened by cultures close to the turks , like armenians and greeks . 
  although the name johannes diodato sounds more south tyrolean than armenian  the austrian/polish fairy tale about finding coffee beans after the siege of vienna and then reverse-engineering coffee culture is just that . 
  i think the sun was less of a problem than the `` being worked to death '' . 
  indentured servants were poor and desperate , but not suicidal . 
  either small penis or testicular cancer . 
  better see a doktor . 
   austro-germanic does not compute :d, 
  in that case they would have reacted the same way as if he had said no to the breathalyzer , who are not mandatory . 
  dragged him to the nearest doctor and taken his blood . 
  and added like 0,01 % per hour after the crash . 
  we know that russia is doing bad things , like invading european countries . 
  hey , let 's honor them by displaying their flag !, 
  spot on . 
  i 'm sad for little oleg and natasha that they have to endure putin , but that 's the leadership russia wants and votes for . 
  for decades . 
  i do n't see why you would honor the government that tries its best to undermine the eu and is currently occupying parts of ukraine . 
  time to live in the real world , not some internet love bubble . 
  that is true . 
  but that is also true for most national elections/governments . 
  it 's called representative democracy . 
  i would like to go more towards true democracy , but i 'm also a bit scared of that . 
  you can end up with a trump , or worse . 
  the edgy truth , do n't cut yourself on it . 
  seeing as the allies retaliated ten fold for the aerial bombardments the german high command probably was n't wrong . 
  did it also leave a bad taste in your mouth when everyone ignored the berlin attack ? 
  that 's the most manipulative garbage i have read in a while . 
  and i have read mein kampf last month . 
  congratulations hungary !, 
  better headline would be `` has to vacate austria '' . 
  stop parallel societies !, 
  neither :d, 
  serious answer : no . 
  there have always been double standards since ww2 . 
  who gives a shit ? 
  nobody lit up anything for germany , so they stopped doing it for others . 
  makes sense . 
  oh my god , it 's an attack !, 
  everybody down !, 
  because it stands alone . 
  the word is `` vor '' . 
  but atheistic and materialistic have nothing in common . 
  they are independent concepts . 
  yep , sounds like german copyright law . 
  google it . 
  i do n't know how it works exactly . 
  yes , a german newspaper being nice to great britain after being called the fourth reich is so ominous :( try not to shit your pants . 
  there are definitely problems arising if thousands of people use college tourism , especially from large countries to small countries with limited places at the university . 
  as a result , natives have a much harder time getting into college . 
  we have that here in austria with thousands of german numerus clausus refugees . 
  the ressource wars of the 2040s will put a dent in the world population . 
  me neither . 
  i also do n't understand how this scenario was n't talked about during the schengen negotiations . 
  seems pretty obvious that this would happen . 
  either because of war or climate change , etc. 
  the eu would throw a sissy fit if transit country austria reinstates border controls . 
  next sanctions against evil austria :d, 
  welcome to central europe .
