  this is useless . 
  here is what the bmi actually reported . 
  * 2 + million total crimes in germany * about 550.000 commited by non-germans * about 115.000 ( 6 % of total crimes ) commited by refugees . 
  and that 's just 2015 . 
  when they were busy running over borders and preparing for the silvester party in cologne . 
  when i look at the huge number of muslims in my country , i 'm not worried about terrorist attacks that affect hundreds . 
  i 'm worried about permanent societal changes that affect millions . 
  sure , but how long would it take you ? 
  all those people that barely speak english are probably currently learning , too . 
  because it takes time . 
  how long would you need to learn polish well enough ? 
  2 years ? 
  4 years ? 
  never ? 
  no one said it was n't serious . 
  just that there is no reason for the op u/zmajlee to lie ( because it is serious ) . 
  yes , we also have 2 outbacks . 
  one is a steakhouse , the other a stripclub . 
  both are horrible , 
  again , with the relativist statement . 
  `` yes , i know 1 or 2 crazy christian people . 
  clearly there is no difference between the 2 religions . 
  and i did n't know that you were talking about france . 
  a lot of countries already have those laws ( like austria ) , but we do n't enforce them on muslims , because we do n't want to hurt their feelings . 
  you mean half mountains and half inhabitated area ? 
  austria vetos that proposal on grounds of general name confusion . 
  plus we want to be first in an alphabetical order . 
  this simply not true . 
  your average muslim will have way more conservative views than your average european christian . 
  the shit that i heard at the university was insane . 
  and those were educated muslims . 
  banning the burka , etc. 
  means obliging by local law that you ca n't run around in a mask . 
  we are not changing anything , we are enforcing an actual law . 
  when you tell a christian that he has to do something , because god demands it , he will laugh in your face and walk away . 
  that 's the difference . 
  people might still be willing to buy at 12 $ , but the competition will lower their prices in an effort to increase market shares . 
  which means you are forced to do the same or lose business . 
  that 's a whole lot of assumptions , sherlock . 
  easy , you do n't want to look prejudiced . 
  if you really believe that european christianity today has the same moral principles as islam , then your head is so far up your own ass that no one can help you . 
  your problem is thinking in the extremes . 
  it 's either germany or syria . 
  it 's either happiness or death . 
  it 's either no foreigners or 10 million . 
  how about a normal middle ground that most people can live with and does n't turn our cities into ghettos . 
  but much easier to stop the islamists from entering the country . 
  and if even the moderate muslims they have such a high % of unconstitutional views on western society ... 
  because the right wingers have always been there , while we are happily importing the islamists . 
  you should n't ignore either . 
  the growing scene of homegrown islamists and the right wingers . 
  no , because there are more germans . 
  if there are 10.000 right wing extremists and 10.000 radical islamists in germany , then the islamists are extremely overrepresented . 
  maybe not for the uk . 
  but for about 20 european countries , who would benefit greatly from the cost-sharing aspect . 
  so it will happen , simple as that . 
  there are a lot of diseases that can affect children and old people , but would n't show up in an adult with a healthy immune system ( which most of the volunteers are ) . 
  i do n't know where local children would have been in contact with the people in the camps . 
  do they visit for playtime ? 
  in austria we have detected a few diseases at the border stations that had been eradicated in europe for a while . 
  because until now the local children did n't have any contact with them . 
  oh , come on . 
  i 'm sure the people in front of the tv loved it . 
  what was the joke ? 
  when brits do that ned flanders speech . 
  is it completely made up , half made up or are those actually old phrases ? 
  germans do n't have mountains . 
  southern bavaria is an exception . 
  the highest point in germany is basically a mountain in austria , 
  ukip and afd are exactly the same . 
  but seriously . 
  some european country would have to elect hitler 2.0 to `` trump '' the us elections this year . 
  how do you as a finn not go for the queen of eternal winter on the right ? 
  i like the mischievous look from the bald guy in the middle . 
  he looks like someone who gets shit done , no matter the cost . 
  throw those fuckers out, 
   actual , enforced borders which is much easier if you have a bridgehead on the african continent . 
  but spain is doing good work . 
  maybe a slow news week in nz ? 
  but how can a sleeping bag be worth 1000 $ ? 
   refugee terrorist i especially hate those, 
  the austrian-hungarian border was a frequent border crossing for people that fled eastern germany , etc. 
  that large green border was never kept perfectly tight by austrians , hungarians , czechoslovakians . 
  to be a danger to the country/constitution you usually need some kind of public platform . 
  for example * a fascist group responsible for hate crimes and propaganda * religious police , that threaten or try to enforce certain behaviour * hateful preachers in radical mosques * financiers of such enterprises * a website like stormfr ** would probably qualify in austria/germany , but not in other countries . 
  again : yes , there are certain crimes against the constitutional foundation of a country that should also warrant that punishment . 
  none of them are among them . 
  you need to step up your game to be a danger to the constitution . 
  3 & 4 are illegal ( in public ) , 1 & 2 are not ( 1 should be ) . 
  depending on where you 're from in europe , there have been a few over the centuries . 
  yes , there are certain crimes against the constitutional foundation of a country that should also warrant that punishment . 
  your example is too weak to qualify as such . 
  but a hardcore fascist group should be treated equally to islamists and their support networks . 
  we are not talking about throwing out people that disagree with you . 
  but the ones that endanger the very foundation of our society . 
  especially those rules that make sure we do n't have another civil war . 
  be glad that a frenchman is involved in a funny news story for once . 
  seeing as we no longer have the death penalty in europe and very few asking for it . 
  i think `` an eye for an eye '' has been abolished already . 
  what other `` biblical laws '' are there ?
