  is n't that how it works , on all sides ? 
  in terms of `` defensive wars '' the us has russia beat . 
   true . 
  are you serious ? 
  - they get more money in germany - they get paid more for work in germany ( legal or illegal ) - they will find muslim neighborhoods in germany , safety in numbers - they probably have friends in germany . 
  i think by now every person in the middle east knows a person in germany, 
  you are talking about pinko-commie anarchy . 
  there is a place for liberal policies , it 's what made europe such a great place to live . 
  but that no border fantasy has to end . 
  juxtapose them with british girls for maximum effect, 
   well , now the syrians can ditch their syrian passports and come to eu as non-syrians . 
  does n't matter if they come as martians , if they do n't have asylum reason they get sent back to turkey . 
   and the non-syrians can take the syrian passports and come to eu as syrians . 
  it all checks out . 
  the ones who get sent back get ranked last on turkeys asylum lists . 
  so stealing that syrian passport would n't work out well for the non-syrian . 
  i am not defending the plan , just explaining it . 
  democracy gives the ruling parties the right to implement policies that they want . 
  but if they are not aligned with the majority then you strengthen the opposition ( left or right ) . 
  apparently a lot of germans did n't have unlimited immigration in mind when they voted for cdu . 
  we are swapping syrians that have no reason for asylum ( no documents , etc. ), 
  for syrians that have . 
  the other nationalities are not swapped . 
  so if there is a group of 20 people . 
  4 are syrians , of which 2 have a reason for asylum . 
  2 people get registered in greece . 
  18 people are sent back to turkey . 
  2 new syrians are brought to europe . 
  edit : but i do n't know what happens if one of the 18 people are from other countries that gets asylum . 
  then they should be able to register in greece too . 
  if you 're old enough to run away from an angry bull , you 're old enough to have sex . 
  ( and run away from angry step parents ), 
  oh , those stupid tourists . 
  come to rome , make pot holes and plaster the entire city with graffiti and advertisements . 
  if only they left some money to clean up . 
  seems like the alps keep the people fit . 
  and turkey should put down the baklava . 
  haha joke is on you . 
  european women do n't cook or clean anymore . 
  our plan is finally coming together . 
  trench coat keeps blood away from suit, 
  there is not enough red in the picture to call it a red army . 
  needs more german bullet holes . 
  glory to the vaterland edit : sorry , do n't know where that came from, 
  but then you have liver disease . 
  north korea is best communism . 
  stalin & mao did nothing wrong, 
  america wo n't compare itself to anyone . 
  they are always their own category :, 
  ~ ~ training camp ~ ~ vacation in egypt . 
  good riddance . 
  i hope that person never works for any government institution again . 
  walland , schoales, 
  austria needs both . 
  not really . 
  the us being the biggest military force in the world frees up a lot of money for europe . 
  but that has been the case for decades . 
  if a few us bases in germany or belgium close up shop it will not increase military spending there . 
  i understand the cooperation between the us and eastern europe , i do n't see the reason behind the bases in the western europe . 
  i 'm not talking about britain , but more austerity measures will be needed at least in parts of central and northern europe . 
  our welfare systems are too bloated . 
  no , i 'm from austria . 
  the city depicted in the op ( vilnius ) is not . 
  you would pay illegal work on your house with a check ( did n't they die out in the 90s ? ), 
  or a credit card and leave a paper trail ? 
  because a german probably would n't pay legal work in cash , but after receiving a receipt/invoice . 
  that 's why you should compare the total tax on cigarettes ( direct & indirect ) , not the absolute value of the product . 
  an austrian 5 $ pack might be higher taxed than a swiss 6 $ pack and lower taxed than a lithuanian 4 $ pack . 
  oh no , a commie . 
  that explains it . 
  it 's definitely worse in germany and to a lesser degree also in austria . 
  70 years of beating children over the head how horrible their ( grand ) fathers behaved will do that . 
  not interested in continuing this either . 
  you speak in lot of `` ifs '' , `` buts '' and `` maybes '' . 
  grow some balls and say what you really think instead of playing devils advocate for islamists . 
  what do the people that lived there since the middle ages next to slavic neighbors have to do with bismarcks imperialistic wet dreams ? 
  they were victims just as much as the ukrainian and russian civilians . 
  is a baker from manchester responsible for all the violent conquests by britain ? 
  vilnius is not part of the alps  do n't know if it snows there a lot in the city . 
  no , just despicable . 
  and so would be the person that employs islamists . 
  you would also have to be somewhat of an extremist . 
  only islamists deny the existence of israel . 
  of course he/she had to be fired . 
  how stupid can you be to bring your own political views up with a potentially grieving person in the light of multiple terrorist attacks ? 
  i 'm giving up . 
  you are making less sense with every post . 
  should n't have bothered . 
  both would be a big deal on their own . 
  we are talking about germany here . 
  still have n't heard an argument for us troops in germany in the 21st century . 
  lower taxes means less incentive for illegal work . 
  - georgian mafia trafficks people to germany - in the 8-12 months it takes to deny asylum they do burglaries - 170.000 burglaries in 2015 total ( highest ever ) - 10 % increase from 2014 ( highest increase in 20 years ), 
  are n't turks tripping hard on the martyr complex already for years ? 
  wo n't change much . 
   `` this hashtag #weloveerdogan got tt ranking worldwide ... 
  but then it was censored unbelievably , '' said g\u00f6k\u00e7ek , accusing supporters of erdo\u011fan 's friend-turned-foe , the u.s.-based islamic scholar fethullah g\u00fclen , of being behind its removal . 
   until last year , erdo\u011fan was seen as hostile to twitter , boasting that he does not `` tweet or schmeet '' and overseeing blockages of social networks . 
  oh , the irony !, 
  well of course you remember mostly brits , because you did n't understand anyone else  sorry , just had to .
