  i vote for zeus . 
  the guy was more fun and sexed up , like berlusconi . 
  pagan roots . 
  we had awesome god families and we let them go for a vindictive father and his useless hippy son . 
  not even a mother in the picture , no family values ... 
  oh sweden , do yourself a favour and surrender your lands to the norwegian crown . 
  that 's what fox news tells you . 
  spoiler : it 's not the truth . 
  it does n't matter what the usa wanted 100 years ago . 
  since the start of the cold war the usa has pressured many european countries into maintaining old bases and building new ones . 
  as gratitude for ww2 they were allowed to do so . 
  no one wants or needs them here , except the baltics and poland . 
  talk to your secretary of defense , he `` forces '' your guys to be here . 
  how can you have read up on the subject if you do n't know the first thing about those bases ? 
  the usa = your government . 
  i know americans like to pretend like they do n't represent you , but they do . 
  the last wars in the middle east would have been impossible without using european support bases and the infrastructure of the host countries . 
  which would have been much better for europe i guess . 
  read up on geopolitics and why the us wants to be in europe . 
  read up where your tax money goes . 
  i know that lie gets repeated all the time . 
  but it 's still a lie . 
  us bases in europe are a favor towards the us , not the other way around . 
  the only mass brawl i was involved in was in barcelona . 
  pickpockets targeted a friend who saw it coming . 
  they did n't know we were a big group . 
  we did n't know they had friends in the nearby bars . 
  lucky for us pickpockets are mostly small guys and run better than they fight . . 
  do n't be an idiot , pay attention and put your valuable objects in your front pockets . 
  otherwise you pay the idiot tax . 
  it 's not that hard . 
  people are downvoting because the us and trump ( and their buddies in russia ) are becoming a danger to the european project right now . 
  in the 1800s they had some jamaican house slaves . 
  look how multikulti england was . 
  i suggest they get out the way while the majority of eu countries are deciding what will happen . 
  italy has to close their ports now and start arresting ngo smugglers . 
  the eu can no longer bury their head in sand . 
  we need a harder approach . 
  i do n't give a fuck how many people drown . 
  that 's a great deterrent . 
  i hate to break it to you , but that describes a few border areas in europe today . 
  and yes , you are watching the beginning of the end of schengen . 
  if nothing is done on an international level . 
  next year ? 
  that 's some time . 
  our elections are in october . 
  kurz will have a real battle against strache in austria . 
  of course not . 
  you pick them up , arrest the smugglers , sink the boat and bring the rest back ashore . 
  in north africa that is . 
  xd stop doubling down on the nonsense . 
  i completely agree . 
  i have been scratching my head for years , because the schengen border security has to be a european effort . 
  of course they did n't include that in the schengen agreement because of sovereignty issues , but it should be common sense . 
  every eu country should support that . 
  not just with money , but also ships and personnell . 
  landlocked countries like in central europe should just pay more , if they ca n't send ships . 
  there are n't that many migrants/capita in italy . 
  but it 's good they react now , before it 's too late . 
  pressuring north african countries to accept at least their own citizens back . 
  if not refugee camps , that will be much cheaper for european taxpayers and do not fuck up our cities with millions of jobless bored young men . 
  stop forcing eastern european countries to accept migrants . 
  do whatever is necessary to protect the external schengen borders . 
  do not leave greece , italy and spain to deal with it alone ( they wo n't be able to ) . 
  integrate the people that are here or deport them . 
  either european liberty or a taxi to the airport . 
  no shadow societies . 
  we have a problem with uncontrolled immigration . 
  not just austria , but also italy and many other countries . 
  time to stop pissing on each others feet . 
  we are seeing the death of schengen , because we as europeans are sitting on our hands for the last years . 
  no , i do n't get it . 
  what we are seeing right now is not funny . 
  it is national states reverting back to border controls because the european union is failing in the most basic responsibilities . 
  that is sad and scary and italians bitching with austrians or swiss is not going to solve any of it . 
  what were you trying to say ? 
  oh , we 're importing a ton of fascists right now . 
  which is the problem . 
  false equivalency here we go . 
  if those 700 soldiers were 70.000 soldiers with tanks i could understand where you 're coming from . 
  but this ... :d, 
  you never know what you get with portugal , they are so inconsistent . 
  but they have experienced players , much more than germanys team . 
  so it probably would have been a less chaotic and less entertaining game . 
  yes , we could treat all brits like children and lead them to the brits only zone after they arrive . 
  or they could have some self respect and dignity . 
  all of those real vowels are pronounced only with their letter . 
  y is pronounced ypsilon in german . 
  far from a vowel :d, 
  they 're not flooding anything . 
  they just stand out , because they have the talent of ruining everyone elses evening and then puking on themselves . 
  lads lads lads, 
  are you talking about the newspaper or the celestial body that is not visible from britain ? 
  germany and chile were clearly the better teams . 
  i think with portugal the game would not have been as exciting . 
  you can geek in everything i guess . 
  i hate lawyerings , so i 'm out . 
  but other people said the directorate-general for competition claims that article 102 of the anti trust laws was violated . 
  i let smarter people than me decide whether that 's true . 
  but politically speaking it is probably part of a bigger campaign to reign in the power of companies ( especially using tax loop holes ) .
