  the reason why austria and italy have always been a bit less anti-russian ( and less anti-lybian in gaddafi times ) than other european countries is that we make good cash being europe 's transport hub for russian gas . 
  and except for energy they buy more of our stuff than the other way around . 
  every day this story is posted ... 
  you are right , stopping them wo n't work . 
  we have to find them and deport them if necessary . 
  nobody will pay a smuggler money if they ca n't stay . 
  that 's what vernazza said . 
  yes , that 's true . 
  even though fernw\u00e4rme ( `` district heating '' by trash incineration ) is growing strong and a great alternative to gas . 
  20 % of homes heat with it . 
  but gas is still king with heating . 
  maybe each village should drill a geothermal well , 
  all energy . 
  but the difference between the 80 % and 33 % is due to austria being a net importer of energy ( 60 % comes from abroad and it 's usually not happy sunshine energy  which is why storage is so important , so much gets lost and we have to pay the russians and the saudis ... 
  watch that number shoot up dramatically once we figure out how to store electricity cheaply and efficiently . 
  we produce enough renewable energy , just at inopportune times of the day ( night ) . 
  in 2013 , 80 % of all energy produced in austria was renewable . 
  33 % of all energy consumed was renewable . 
  it 's the storage technology that holds us back . 
  it 's an international project that takes place in germany . 
  damn , that is a huge explosion . 
  media says 13 deaths so far :(, 
  great work by the politie !, 
  damn , singling out germans at the airport and detaining them for an hour . 
  the turks have gone crazy . 
  ok , i like that, 
  the word is an abomination because it 's an anglicism with an umlaut . 
  a bit like the word handy , which is a loan word that means cell phone in german . 
  also it sounds like ochs ( ox ) , which is a somewhat popular name for an idiot . 
  fair enough . 
  i hope they do too . 
  of course their children should n't be taken away . 
  but their parents are still misguided , it 's a shame that this nonsensical procedure is still being supported by some doctors . 
  please do n't cut parts off your baby !, 
  everything is there for a reason !, 
  you 'll never convince a european that you 're irish , no matter what documents you carry , 
  political pandering for the next election ... in 2018 ? 
  how political correct and thoughtful of you . 
  well , everything after the basement joke . 
  but only brown people need to be respected i guess . 
  consistency is an appropiate term . 
  because if those isolated incidents happen so consistently or frequently it is a sign of their culture . 
  that 's nice whataboutism . 
  i have even more cruel things to point out in any country . 
  but what does this have to do with importing raping refugees ? 
  the guardian is hyping up that election a bit too much . 
  narrowly avoiding hofer is n't exactly the greatest achievement . 
  no , but if her father would have been a plumber we would n't have heard of the story . 
  like the woman who was raped and murdered a month ago in a neighboring town . 
  what ? 
  shame that no one can understand them . 
  found the muslim ( apologist ) . 
  you are 1st in least cats/household . 
  you monsters . 
  only in this case it is completely true . 
  the fp\u00f6 managed to reach a level of sheer incompetence and corruption that austria had not seen before . 
  and that 's not an opinion . 
  it 's a fact based on all those fraud cases and criminal investigations . 
  as aberfrog said , the hypo alpe adria fraud was so big , that we are still chewing on it 15 years later . 
  i only rememer xxxx and carlton , they tasted good and had funny names . 
  but the real revelation were your beer can holders from foam . 
  what an invention !, 
  not at all controversial in austria . 
  you would find it hard to find someone who even knows that the nazi used that once . 
  and who gives a shit . 
  no , half of the country are not environmentalist . 
  but then again there are also nazis who recycle , 
  yes , sch\u00f6nerer was both . 
  but the symbol of the corn flower is still not related to national socialism . 
  it was the favourite of bismarck , who scores very high with the old pangermanists . 
  nationalism and anti-semitism were very popular views at the time . 
  not just in germany or europe . 
  pangermanism and national socialism are quite different . 
  but i 'm not going to be the guy defending hofer :d, 
  i can already tell you how that will go . 
  \u00f6vp and fp\u00f6 will have about the same % and will form the next government . 
  god help us ... 
  it 's so sad how the poor villagers have to huddle around the fireplace in the middle of town . 
  nice kingdom you got there . 
  shame if something were to happen to it . 
  what do you mean `` closer '' ? 
  we are identical to the visebros . 
  except for the poles , they overdosed on slavness . 
  that 's too well informed for those normally stupid google suggestions . 
  and the most obvious they get wrong ? 
  it 's mother russia , germany was the father in that scary marriage . 
  no , it was the fault of german tourists who did n't like his postcards, 
  austria was the final spark for ww1 , but you ca n't take the second one away from germany . 
  did n't they teach you that in school ? 
  yes , but are quebecois really canadian ? 
  china and russia will face the same problems once their population reaches a certain level of education . 
  with education come questions ... 
  you obviously have not understood a single word that i wrote . 
  about 100 . i have been to poland a few times and a lot of polish expats live in austria/germany . 
  however , i do n't need to know a single one to understand reality . 
  i have never been to the sun , but i understand it 's very hot and radioactive . 
  maybe those are buzzwords too for you . 
  relax , it 's just the usual media hot air . 
  ignore it . 
  come on .
