  even though that would include the hatred of certain hair colors etc. , not just skin color . 
  just buy some of those outdoor lamps from the scandinavians , that they use to sit outside during `` spring '' . 
  the drunkies will think it 's the sun . 
  racism means hating other races ( `` i hate black people '' ) xenophobia means hating other nationalities and peoples ( `` i hate people from iceland '' ) ethnic discrimination means hating other cultures or ethnic subgroups ( `` i hate those bosnian muslims '' ), 
  they 'll be fine in cornwall . 
  it 's the new ibiza . 
  that sounds like turks and germans alright . 
  austrians and dutch are better than that , we actually go into the school . 
  not just to it . 
  `` polish national security advisor says austrian dativ was murdered by muslims . '', 
  seaman zeman although his skin looks like it 's from a u boat crew , 
  fun dungeons are not for weirdos like you , you go straight to `` summer camp '' . 
  perchten in austria . 
  not to be confused with krampus . 
  from 94 to 04 they it was made in austria by orf , from 08 to 15 it was made in italy by rai . 
  we have all balkan flavours in eastern austria . 
  i 'm all for not giving them any lenience , but i 'm not holding my breath . 
  nikolaus tessler was definitely european . 
  do n't know why you are using chinese symbols for his first name . 
  very suspicious . 
  breaking the law is what intelligence agencies do . 
  they 're basically like paranoid insane hoarders , only professional . 
  you do n't use the word neger in everyday situations . 
  if it comes up in a joke or a phrase , there is not much to it . 
  slavery and colonialism did n't exist here ( at least not of blacks ) so a lot of taboos do n't exist . 
  but an official event with that name is odd . 
  3 out of those 4 countries have the same population density as germany  and germans do n't survive on top of austrian mountains for long . 
  tiger wiener , 
  haha , stop torturing the poor idiot . 
   russia 's youth military movement should have something tangible to practice raiding , the country 's defense minister says . 
  so he chose germany 's iconic federal parliament building , captured by the red army in 1945 . just when you thought that country could n't get any more ridiculous . 
  usually by incorporating regions into the country after the language has been standardized or by phasing out letters in the alphabet , but people still using it for a while before it vanishes ( like umlaut e in german or all umlaute in english ) . 
  same reason why a lot of other countries use those special characters . 
  the 26 letter alphabet was not adequate to cover all sounds . 
  if you ask me , italians are a bit too nice to the bambini . 
  the noise level of those little runts can get tiresome in italian restaurants . 
  that sounds like a bad urban legend . 
  sounds easier to employ a lady dog as an undercover cop instead . 
  we live in a representative democracy . 
  the goal is liberty , not democracy . 
  the people who wrote our constitutions quickly realized that true democracy often means mob rule . 
  an example of true democracy would be for example : every minister is voted directly , any citizen can apply . 
  anytime a coalition government ca n't come to an agreement on policy a binding public referendum is organized . 
  well , he has a good point ( not the one you understood it to be ) . 
  most people only know al jazeera from the bin laden videos in the 2000s . 
  they do n't know that it 's a serious news network , who poached quite a lot of talent from the bbc/cnn . 
  if you want to behave like an asshole in public , do n't come to austria . 
  do it at home . 
  he was running around the town for weeks dressed up as hitler and chatting up strangers . 
  thats enough for public promotion . 
  the verbotsgesetz , he just did n't explain it very well . 
  you ca n't publicly promote/support nationalsocialism , with words or symbols . 
  anything else is allowed . 
  definitely not in russia :d, 
  we have to do this shit , otherwise whack jobs from around the world would use braunau to act out their fantasies . 
  this has happened a lot in the last 75 years , 
  no , that 's not illegal . 
  the line is crossed when you actively promote/support ( running a neo nazi website ) or publicly glorify ( like this guy ) national socialism . 
  nazi jokes are not taboo , just make sure they are funny . 
  dressing up as hitler in hitlers birthplace and unnerving people for weeks is . 
  this behaviour is prohibited to not allow whack jobs from around the globe to come to braunau and stir up shit . 
  no , it 's not . 
  we have stronger privacy laws than that , for corporations at least . 
  that 's like saying europeans , when you actually mean russians :d, 
  you 're thinking of turkey , which is n't exactly middle east . 
  habsburg spy melania is doing great . 
  soon she will be queen , like maria theresa . 
  hopefully not like her daughter marie antoinette . 
  i have the mastercard securecode on my cc ( that i only use abroad ) . 
  but to my knowledge , the vendor has the option to verify . 
  he does n't have to . 
  and a lot do n't , at least here in europe . 
  ah , that 's good . 
  have n't seen it with a cc yet . 
  how does that work with internet payments ? 
  fraud protection is good . 
  but i rather avoid the whole experience . 
  you need a pin code . 
  yes , google street view is a pretty benign form of that problem . 
  the places that interest me , ca n't be found on streets though  so i do n't miss it . 
  the gradual erosion of privacy is a real problem . 
  people generally appreciate things more , once they are gone . 
  debit card is cheaper and safer . 
  we likey , 
  i think people from the future will appreciate how nice it would be to be invisible again . 
  nope, 
  why are eastern europeans so sensitive to criticism ? 
  there will always be people who disagree with you . 
  get used to it . 
  btw , most austrians agree with your stance on refugees . 
  no , it 's not true . 
  and austria is 100 % not pulling any weight since we became ( were made ) neutral in 1945 . 
  it stopped because we got rid of the chancellor who said those things . 
  you keep your wei\u00dfwurst fingers off hitler too  he was the wrong kind of greatness , but we 'll take it . 
  well , he could n't let churchill constantly outdo him in the one-liners . 
  but judging by that monologue , trash talk was n't his forte . 
  mainly very good housing politics . 
  protection for people who rent , a cap for rent adjusted to your income , etc. 
  also social services , and i think they donate half of their salaries to charities . 
  social democrat stuff that the social democrats are too lazy for .
