  wiki thinks to know that it is the eu 's and nato official term for macedonia . 
  but apparently they do n't use it themselves if no greek is listening . 
  you are right . 
  her profile pic seems to be taken at a lecture . 
  the slide says : `` pro-feminist arguments as a rouse for racist stereotypes '' and `` feminist criticism on anti-muslim racism and islamophobia '' . 
  tackling the real issues that concern women today . 
  well , yeah . 
  most criminals want to acquire wealth illegally , not primarily hurt people in the process . 
  so they will change their ways when they are presented with other options . 
  someone who is comfortable with violence however will not integrate that well . 
  because his motivation , to use violence to exert power and control , does not fit into a civilized society . 
  that last sentence is so sad , but so true . 
  it used to be that our leaders were grumpy old men , who reacted to new movements with bewilderment and reactionary measures . 
  now we have the college crowd in power , and political correctness has led to very few correct political decisions . 
  thieves/burglars are mostly non-violent people . 
  please do n't make the mistake of equating `` people who are comfortable with violence '' with `` eastern europeans '' . 
   macedonia stronk that 's the only part of your post that makes sense . 
  western europe owes macedonia big time , i hope the useless suits in brussels are preparing a killer christmas present for them . 
  your nightmare scenario will definitely not come true . 
  but western europe will have to do what we criticize the americans for . 
  - cutting social benefits - being tougher on crime, 
  people who are comfortable with violence usually enter organized crime . 
  so he will be the guy that sells you coke at the train station or requests protection money from your corner shop guy . 
  it seems that the 40 journalists/activists who actively helped with the illegal border crossing will not be prosecuted in macedonia . 
  according to macedonian officials they have all be released on a 260 $ fine . 
  one of the arrested was an austrian . 
  on her twitter account she uses the 3 deaths , that she partly caused , in her favor . 
  https://twitter.com/fannymuelleruri another activist on @movingeurope whines : `` still wet hours after crossing the river , 800 migrants were taken back to greece in 40 macedonia army trucks , many of them children : unicef '', 
  clearly communicate to them the severity of the situation . 
  many of them do n't know that the balkan route is permanently closed . 
  i saw a german special where a few refugees asked the reporter `` seriously , what happens at the moment in brussels and berlin . 
  is the balkan route being openend again or do we waste our time in this squalor '' . 
  and that poor guy did not get an honest answer from the political correct coward . 
  keep dreaming . 
  if you want to know your future look a the ghettos in paris , london , berlin and other cities . 
  this will be the status quo all over europe . 
  whites do n't enter illegally and use mob behaviour to blackmail their way . 
  so you are against all the us invasions in the middle east , yet you accuse european nations of not sending armed forces to syria . 
  got it . 
  the article says 20 journalists/activists have been arrested . 
  i hope they are prosecuted as well . 
  unbelievable that someone thinks this is a good idea . 
  what did they expect to happen after the illegal border crossing ? 
  a welcome wagon ? 
  true , but for a dead language it 's doing fairly well . 
  they 're not . 
  nothing is more toxic than british media . 
  which explains a bit . 
  derstandard is one of the more reputable news sources in austria . 
  and its the most leftist out of the biggest papers . 
  if such a story makes it on there , it is way beyond the point of a rumour . 
  definitely french , it is the former world language after all . 
  it 's the only date in the year that contains only 1 number ( including time ) . 
  not really peculiar . 
  pretty obvious why it was chosen , it 's fun :p, 
  relax buddy . 
  the last one was 70 years and 43 american wars ago . 
  by your logic the violence never ends . 
  because germans should then have taken revenge on the russians for their war crimes , then the russians should have avenged their brothers , before it 's the german 's turn again . 
  i hope your mother does n't get raped or killed for something your country/military did . 
  of course he is . 
  but what does hitler have to do with mozart ? 
  what are you saying ? 
  you 're a bit cryptic . 
  yes , how could the austrians `` roll '' with a guy that was born , raised and lived most of his life in salzburg and vienna :d, 
  you are right . 
  your justice system is a real deterrent . 
  everyone fears those 6 month probation sentences for violent crimes . 
  please read my post again . 
  you did n't understand it . 
  hint : we have the same opinion on this . 
  they wo n't , because a ) they do n't want to do it b ) nobody can force them to c ) the migrants are not interested in the social welfare systems there , so they wo n't stay, 
  i hope it was democratic and countries were n't forced to do things they did n't sign up for . 
  a majority in those countries . 
  i thought that would be obvious . 
  and it 's not just 4 . if the citizens would be able to decide it would be far more countries . 
  aristotle lived before the time of color avatars . 
  even the turkish pumpkin was colorized . 
  haha , we made it fellow \u00d6sterreicher und innen !, 
  hitler is finally a german . 
  writing that with a european flair is a real joke . 
  how about you respect the majority decisions of multiple european countries ? 
  you 're wrong , it means both . 
  konsequent an etwas arbeiten = to work consistently on something . 
  mit konsequenz an etwas arbeiten = to work on something with consistency . 
  the german justice system is a joke akin to the swedish one . 
  the only message this sends out is : keep raping german women , nothing will happen . 
  prost !, 
  like i said , austrian tv managed that technological feat before the internet in the early 90s . 
  it 's not difficult to provide multiple audio channels . 
  i am unable to listen to dubs . 
  the voice acting is so flat and disengaged from what is going on that it rips you out of the movie . 
  you `` unlearn '' to listen to dubs and then there is no going back . 
  has little to do with hipsters . 
  of course there is n't . 
  but acting like that is impossible here , is equally ridiculous . 
  you just need to be an adult and ignore the trolls and shit posts and talk to the people that want to talk to you . 
  like in real life . 
  why not do both , where the viewer at least has the option to turn on the original sound . 
  they did that in the mid 90s on austrian tv for a few shows , ca n't be that difficult .
