and yet you see some many suit crimes ( cuts , colors , sizes , etc. ) . 
  the italians have that game figured out . 
  i am chill . 
  just telling you were the fashion trend you cited actually came from . 
  just google russell westbrook if you want a laugh . 
  nba playoffs are awesome , 
  do n't kid yourself . 
  have you seen what american celebrities ( from music to fashion to sports , especially nba ) wear . 
  a lot of that shit like the skinny jeans started over there . 
  but europeans know how to wear a suit . 
  `` i fought the law and the law won '' . 
  the law is the colloquial term for police & courts . 
  this is what the fuckin article is about - the police . 
  if you do something illegal it is not the prime minister or a member of parliament or a local bureaucrat coming for you - it is the law . 
  a policeman drags you in front of a judge . 
  and why do you keep on citing definitions of the three branches that everyone knows ? 
  `` the law '' is the judicial branch . 
  this is what the article is about . 
  the government creates the law , but it is n't the law . 
  well yeah , it is a semantic discussion . 
  and everything kastenbrust wrote was true . 
  that 's a fact . 
  it 's not like western european cities need more shitty fast food places . 
  people are fat enough . 
  the propaganda is strong with british media right now . 
  you are just in love with hearing yourself talk ( or think in this case ) . 
  there is nothing artistic about suggesting that those murderers died for `` self sacrifice '' . 
  that 's like me opening a gallery about rape victims and glorifying the strength of the male body as a conclusion . 
  wo n't go over well with scarve wearing poli-science students . 
  next stop . 
  as in those are the kind of people that blow themselves up in an airport in 2 years . 
  that is exactly how separation of power works . 
  no , this is an invasion !, 
  why is nato doing nothing ? 
  oh god, 
  bavarians will understand austrians ( most of them ) . 
  not every word , but they will get most . 
  anything north of that and you wo n't be able to hold a conversation . 
  unless the austrian tries to speak slower and more `` high-german '' . 
  hitler speeches are quite `` high-german '' . 
  like a guy from manchester talking to someone from los angeles . 
  you mean the attitude that you are showing ? 
  you were wrong and instead of admitting that or shutting up you doubled down on your stupidity . 
  80 million germans , who do n't understand austrian , would disagree . 
  german states were also much longer part of an austrian-led alliance than the 7 years under the nazis . 
  i thought scandis had a good education system . 
  they are protesting mass immigration and the censorship of free speech by the government . 
  of course only germans get a visit by the police , the illegal immigrants are allowed to say what they want . 
  germanic/norse/etc . 
  no one knows . 
  it is celebrated from the north pole to northern italy and from the baltics to germany . 
  maybe they want to rule out accidents , suicides , self defense shooting , etc. 
  insult people , threaten people , kill people . 
  justamericanthings, 
  most europeans would get a gun as well if they were moving to the us . 
  what works in one scenario , does n't have to work in another . 
  i own a gun myself but i am glad that i had to jump through a few hoops to get it . 
  so not every junkie runs around with them . 
  btw , there is no typical european logic . 
  you should have learned at least that in this subreddit . 
  just shut up and touch my ding dong, 
  it makes sense to include all mass shootings , regardless of motive or intent . 
  it is the only way to see the real death toll . 
  yes , but that was 2015 . 
  austrian tax payer . 
  foreign funding is illegal . 
  mmm do n't be mad . 
  better than starving to death . 
  but yes , indentured service is temporary slavery . 
  but like he said , all your past opression points are null and void because of your white skin . 
  you seem to have difficulties reading the table you have linked . 
  18 is pretty much the norm everywhere in europe . 
  in most eu countries that can be reduced to 16 , but needs court and/or parental consent . 
  spoiler alert : the us president represents not your interests , but of american citizens . 
  it 's not hypocrisy , it 's just politics . 
  ( if there is a difference ), 
  most people on this planet are dumb , so `` americans are dumb '' is a safe assumption . 
  but seriously . 
  if a european wrote an article about a political issue in the us and added a map that marked new york , los angeles and fort ticonderoga , you would giggle as well . 
  but then the entire czechian ( im sorry bohemian ) middle class would be known as bohemian burgeoisie a.k.a. 
  if only there was a place on the internet where you could search for information, 
  no i 'm not . 
  but i should have written `` between men '' . 
  pederasty is a specialization of pedophilia . 
  sodomy includes other stuff like bestiality . 
  pederasty is sexual abuse of children . 
  those things are illegal . 
  homosexuality is not . 
  yes but `` gay sex '' ( homosexuality ) is different from sodomy or pederasty . 
   sodomy , better ? 
  no , not better . 
  homosexuality is the only word that applies here . 
  pederasty and sodomy are not the same thing as homosexuality . 
  why are you equating those things ? 
  tribalism and nationalism are not the same . 
  he is of course referring to nationalism and national identities , which in its modern form started in the late 18th and early 19th century . 
  at least in most parts of continental europe . 
  in your history lessons you should have heard about a dude called napoleon . 
  what macedonia did with help of the other balkan countries and austria did play a role . 
  but extradition treaties like the turkey deal and hopefully future deals with north african countries is much more important in stemming the tide .
