  oh my god , your lack of logic hurts me so much . 
  there is no ( legal ) way of government officials to control what that tv channel broadcasts . 
  do some of the members of the rundfunkrat try to influence the program according to their world views ? 
  probably , but that 's why there are multiple members . 
  checks and balances . 
  if merkel picked up the phone and called her party member who is on the rundfunkrat and told him to get rid of that show , nothing would happen . 
  we already know what happens if erdogan or putin pick up the phone ... 
  actually obama is the only western leader that has literally bowed to china . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/barackobama/6580190/barack-obama-criticised-for-treasonous-bow-to-japanese-emperor.html but joking aside , the americans would rather die than hang chinese propaganda material on their streets . 
  you 're right about that . 
  but when the doors close you better believe that the tongues of diplomats and business representatives go far up each others bungholes . 
  summary : right wingers want to do something right wing which also happens to be illegal and will never happen . 
  even though the right wingers have n't even internally agreed on it , it is still worth an article . 
  downvoted, 
  is n't it established fact that britain invaded australia ? 
  or did i miss the whole england-aborigines alliance , where british people settled legally on the australian continent ? 
  edit : or is it the flag thing ? 
  ca n't be an invasion if they do n't have a flag . 
  no , it does n't . 
  where have you learned that ? 
  the bejing school of economics ? 
  more interested buyers might increase the sales price , but that does n't help the czech people . 
  when even the us are crawling up their behinds , you begin to understand how deep chinese pockets have become . 
  european countries do n't stand a chance when they see the golden wu tang chains . 
  european countries demand on average more insurance `` duty '' than north american countries . 
  not only health insurance , but cars , employer dutys , unions , etc. 
  true . 
  i thought you were an outsider and wanted clarification . 
  he is north american . 
  insurances there are for the rich . 
  everybody else freeballs it . 
  security is probably between quotes , because rohani travels to pakistan and then is afraid to come to austria ? 
  rumours are he is not a fan of the expected demonstrations on his arrival . 
  those demos could n't be avoided the last time neither , yet they asked again on tuesday to prevent them , fischer refused . 
  but who knows , tensions are high everywhere these days . 
  they know what an outstanding employee he has been . 
  well , he can and he did . 
  but nobody cares . 
  also works the other way around . 
  i guess north americans did n't wear adidas gear in the 60s-80s . 
  of course . 
  during the cold war it was much easier/cheaper to get german products ( adidas ) than asian or american products . 
  why is every telegraph or daily mail article titled , like the author is suffering a nervous breakdown whilst writing ? 
  what 's with all the k.u.k. 
  posts lately ? 
  adi won the cold war against rudi . 
  that 's what 's up . 
  with a ducati maybe . 
  my best time is 2h 30min . 
  the distance is between 50-70 kilometers . 
  do n't feed the pigeons, 
  why is this a news story ? 
  the article is about 5 trains in an area of germany without muslims . 
  even if there is no vigilante justice , the police would be buried in fake or exaggerated claims . 
  are you seriously blaming `` germany '' for sarkozys decisions ? 
  of course they would have been glad . 
  that 's how personality cults around communist leaders work . 
  brainwashing , killing , rinse & repeat . 
  stalin & mao did nothing wrong !, 
  the title suggested a hooligan fight , i am disappointed . 
  i was just answering his question . 
  or he might go to the us and continue his killing :( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jack_unterweger, 
  intelligence services are by definition institutions of paranoia . 
  i think most agencies do n't see a big benefit in sharing their data with 20 other agencies . 
  that is a huge potential for a leak . 
  plus , those agencies are n't anywhere near the effectiveness of the cia or the five eyes alliance . 
  therefore europeans pay a premium to get access to the big database . 
  even if it is only indirect access , because they only get what the americans want them to have . 
  belgium now gets a lot of shit for it 's security . 
  sadly , a lot of the countries pointing fingers would be equally unprepared , like mine . 
  i do n't want us europeans to ratify our own patriot act . 
  but we need to punish crime harder and deport people with radical views . 
  it 's a middle ground . 
  a few attacks definitely do n't warrant severly infringing on people 's rights ( patriot act ) . 
  because universities accept people according due to academic achievement or quotas . 
  there is no psychological or intelligence service screening . 
  i think even if universities knew that there are radical students , they probably have the arrogance to assume that the knowledge they will gain will destroy their ignorance . 
  that 's because the average german does n't . 
  lunch breaks are pretty much the same in austria/germany . 
  it 's 30-45 min . 
  if you have a canteen and just go down 2 floors . 
  and 1 hour if you have to leave the building . 
  `` hello infidel . 
  i am glad to report there have not been any bombings in my muslim neighborhood . 
  come visit brussels . 
  bring a lot of money and your daughters . 
  the only thing that can cause a meltdown is a complete failure of the cooling system . 
  they are usually redundant , so a couple of suicide bombers should n't do much . 
  but noone wants to find out . 
  that 's probably because of the barcode on the back of your neck, 
  i 'm sure even the world 's superpower is very glad they do n't share the landmass with asia . 
  not every country has the luxury to live on an island or behind the great wall of the north , 
  this has to be the one of the weirdest classifications that i ever saw . 
  but i like how the baltic states are exposing russia , who does n't want to play the game . 
  you do n't exactly need a chemistry degree to put together a nail bomb . 
  independence is taken , not given , 
  blood in , blood out . 
  did n't you pay attention during the greece negotiations ? 
  i do n't think you know how corporations work . 
  this is n't communism .
