  that comes mostly down to the fact that bomber command focused more on inflicting civilian causalities than economic or military causalities . 
  that 's the sweetest description of genocide i ever heard . 
  strategic bombing at the time meant aiming for cities . 
  anything more than that was not possible , especially since most attacks happened at night over blacked out cities/towns . 
  for every british casualty there were about 10 german ones . 
  and that 's simply due to the number of bombs used . 
  hard to blame the british for that , but you ca n't call it a war crime , if you have done it bigger and better . 
  i agree with that . 
  yes , it is pointless . 
  but still necessary . 
  an american will never fully understand that . 
  ww2 only slightly touched your society/culture . 
  and i do n't mean that in a bad way . 
  it 's just that you have the luxury to think about that time more logically . 
  as i said . 
  and still law dictates that it needs to happen . 
  it does n't have to make sense financially . 
  seems to be legit . 
  the results are explained in detail in the document in the top comment . 
  the title is a bit of a misnomer . 
  the study was less about quality/safety of food , than consumer protection and national policies regarding food . 
  out of principle , for the sake of justice . 
  yes , it 's a huge waste of money at this point , but so are many other trials . 
  i 'm sure they wanted to ( especially churchill ) , but that would have been an own goal for the allies . 
  no air offensive by the nazis came close to the scale of allied air attacks . 
  what about the commies ? 
  not even reducing their pensions ? 
  is that even legal ? 
   i think you forgot about schulpflicht . 
  but since most gymnasiums are in vienna , i forgive you . 
  why would you make the country 's average salary in a high-priced city ? 
  [ it 's a conspiracy ] ( http://lifeplus.at/en/ ), 
  that 's what happens when there are geographic , political and economic definitons of w/c/e europe . 
  central europe best europe . 
  just rename yourself to nordreich and the swiss should call themselves westreich . 
  fixed . 
  which is true of every place on earth :d, 
  the waltz is lying , there is nothing blue about the danube . 
  injuries or deaths maybe ? 
  did you leave your imagination in brussels ? 
  according to non-viennese austrians , it 's the worst city in austria . 
  which is true , because it 's the only city in austria . 
  hey hey , who said rape ? 
  stop apologizing for your dick size . 
  remember the story . 
  you were drunk , one thing led to another . 
  shit happened . 
   ultra nationalist populist leader ermagerd , nicola 's a dictator !, 
  all the experts said the latter , but they ca n't be trusted . 
  or so i have been told by english toilet papers . 
  that 's how democracy has always worked . 
  that 's why we have representative democracy . 
  so there is an intellectual filter between the morons and the policy makers . 
  real democracy means assembling in a mob and beating your problems/adversaries to death . 
  you are talking to a russian hacker . 
  he probably virus 'd you . 
  austria has always been an outward looking switzerland . 
  while they were watching netflix in their bedroom for 1000 years , we at least tried to be the big boys , 
  you thought europeans are emotion free ? 
  that 's a mistake . 
  a historic one . 
  hatred against islam , the religion of banning everything , has been growing in europe for decades . 
  our politicans now need to step on erdogan , or they will be replaced by right wingers . 
  european liberty is now at a direct collision course with islamic reactionarism . 
  be careful what you wish for . 
  because 5 minutes after you start , a fat russian will join you two . 
  the man who showed us the flaws of the capitalist system . 
  instead of tackling them we tackled him . 
  just like machiavelli , who did the same thing to politics . 
  valle dei templi is pretty awesome , but extremely hot in summer . 
  proceed to scala dei turchi to cool off . 
  sicily should get their own rating independent of italy , somwhere between 0 and 1 % of english speakers ... 
  hitler was born again ? 
  now that you are germany , you have to pay  but in turn you can finally order austrians around . 
  surprisingly good . 
  it would say 80-90 % of the way to quality weed . 
  but less output because of shorter vegetative phase . 
  here they have 2.5 - 3 months to grow , in kaleefornia they have trees that never die . 
  yes , but the real nietzsche \u00fcbermensch . 
  not the nazi caricature . 
  it is called weed for a reason . 
  it will grow anywhere . 
  i used to have a small hidden place in the forest . 
  they just have a month less time to grow , because spring temperature rise starts later . 
  that 's all . 
  still grew to 1.5 m. 
  we already have salzstangerl , mohnweckerl and sesamweckerl technology  never seen them combined though . 
  that is a blast from the past . 
  the term `` schwabo '' was used by jugos in the 90s/00s in austria , but i have n't heard that in along time . 
  it was n't that derogatory , just like jugo . 
  is this the monthly polish panic attack ? 
  i agree . 
  the eu finally needs to grow some balls and do one thing . 
  this undecided nonsense just creates friction and dislike . 
  or monetary reimbursement to take care of them . 
  we did n't exactly order those people , they simply wandered round europe . 
  and then you sent ever single one of them to austria - on foot . 
  how noble . 
  you were probably born in a time where dentistry was a real thing . 
  then again , seems it existed in some form even then .
