  jesus christ , those are some weird and disturbing murals . 
  reminds me of the pawnee town hall . 
  also what does `` no one knows who paid for the airport '' mean ? 
  how is that possible/legal ? 
  the fp\u00f6 matters . 
  but do n't confuse extremists/hooligans that vote for the fp\u00f6 with the party itself . 
  and if damaging a street sign is the height of their crimes i sleep relatively well at night . 
  i do n't blame the sp\u00f6 for violent antifas either . 
  i get your point about being careful what they do but there is a democratic place for right wing parties . 
  when haiders fp\u00f6 got voted into government i protested against them like tens of thousands of other austrians . 
  not once , but many times . 
  the `` thursday protests '' went on for years . 
  but to equal those guys to real fascists is ridiculous . 
  a few idiots destroy street signs . 
  fascism is near :d the jo cox murder is horrible , but those psychos will always exist . 
  it 's not like this was an organized effort by an established organization . 
  who gets killed and where ? 
  you 're right , that we are the closest to fascism since the 30s , but we are still light years away . 
  we had our experiment with the right in government 15 years ago . 
  ca n't say that minorities had a rough time , immigration increased during that time . 
  the right were just really bad with money . 
  europe has never been run by the right . 
  well , england maybe . 
  you mean the fascists , and they are n't coming back . 
  that 's pretty much the only thing europe can agree on . 
  yes . 
  nothing like a bit of sexual abuse , threat of violence and 100 turks begging you to go into their shops to get into that holiday spirit with your wife by your side . 
  what a charming culture . 
  if it takes place in england , all culinary bets are off . 
  which means the state ( or more precisely , the council of whatever communists are in charge ), 
  i disagree . 
  you do n't plan evil shit when that many people from different countries and professions are present . 
  this is about networking , getting connections and learning from each other the most efficient ways to fuck people over . 
  yes , in communism all means of production belong to the state and are controlled by it ( 5-year plans ) . 
  that includes machines , factories , farms and humans . 
  alternative to what ? 
  the table i linked shows you that young people vote about 20 % each for gr\u00fcne , sp\u00d6 , \u00d6vp , fp\u00d6 . 
  could n't be more balanced . 
  they are, 
  neos and fp\u00d6 , but green and sp\u00d6 are usually the strongest parties for under 30s . 
  page 5 shows the estimation for the last national election . 
  i would love to see more political leadership from v4 . 
  would n't be the first time that relative newcomers to a club bring some fresh wind . 
  but western european politicans ca n't afford to alienate their ever smaller bases by giving in to populist demands , so they will behave like petulant children and ignore them . 
  should that make sense ? 
  sorry , somehow thought of puerto rico :d, 
  was talking about europe, 
  badly worded . 
  was talking about european weather . 
  i 've been to the us before in summer , i completely understand ac there . 
  i 'm an idiot and thought the discussion was about armenians ( title ) . 
  european integration . 
  we have common political ideas , currency , markets , infrastrucure , education systems , energy networks , cultural exchange through the internet , and every european country has countrymen living in every other european country . 
  what would have been a conventional war 50 years ago , would look a lot more like a civil war today . 
  you would have a tough time finding enough englishmen to kill `` ze germans '' over trade quarrels . 
  there are slight differences between not getting into a stem field at college and being gang raped by pakistanis in the street for not wearing a burka . 
  yes . 
  but the directly elected european parliament has total veto powers on the appointment of commissioners . 
  just like in austria the directly elected president has veto power on the appointment of ministers . 
  yes , that 's why it all went down under . 
  i completely understand ac in the us . 
  the heat/humidity in the summer is a different animal than in europe . 
  no bricks will save you there . 
  and electricity is basically free . 
  ah , ok . but 40 celsius in the adriatic ? 
  is n't it more in the 30-35 region ? 
  if you would experience louisiana heat/humidity without ac , you will wish to be shot by gangs . 
  you 're talking about the austria with the kangaroos , mate . 
  i think ac is pretty common in public and office buildings all around the world . 
  what differs between europe and the us is having them at home . 
  i rarely see that in europe since we build with bricks , concrete and isolators . 
  do you have it at home too ? 
  edit : did n't want to imply that there is no need for ac in the us . 
  we have different climates . 
  but apparently ac is more common in southern europe than i thought . 
  historically true , but europe has changed a lot since the 50s . 
  my nazi snake is going to blow a load right into your left eye . 
  there seems to be a patch over your right eye already . 
  title should say `` lead or leave '' . 
  either great britain can bring itself to take more control in brussels and feel more part of europe instead of a geographical appendix , or they should free themselves from european input . 
  no more half-measures in the eu , same goes for other countries . 
  war is a bad selling point . 
  i ca n't see how an exit would de - / increase the chance of war . 
  that 's impossible . 
  it 's basically a german state . 
  stop crying jugo . 
  last time you did n't need any help for mass murder . 
  jesus christ , you are serious ... 
  did you really think i was serious ? 
  go back to watching game of thrones , where wizards will save the day . 
  how about 0 before we let them stay ? 
  we have everything under control . 
  our muslims are even deporting themselves to fallujah :d, 
  brown people do n't blow themselves up as a hobby , muslims do . 
  did n't he say ( news ) paper ? 
  is n't famine the excuse ? 
  `` fighting against armed rebels '' does n't work when you kill 50 % of their population . 
  that 's usually true for normal politicians who rely on ~ ~ bribes ~ ~ political donations . 
  that 's why people like trump are so scary for the establishment . 
  there is no telling what the crazy fuck will do next ,
