  yes , the same would and does hold true for other countries . 
  they ca n't help themselves from this avalanche of migrants . 
  if migrants were to climb into life rafts in greece and go to turkey , they could n't do shit . 
  just like the us ca n't do shit with the illegal immigrants from mexico . 
  even though you have a deportation agreement , there are simply too many . 
  because you would be lying next to the guy you stole it from . 
  this towel habit fortunately only exists on private hotel beaches and their pool areas . 
  oh wow , you 're the man . 
  british tourists making one friend at a time , innit ? 
  but it is rich , since the only people that were worse at towel throwing than the germans during my last vacation were the brits . 
  loud , proud and red . 
  the beaches directly in front of the hotels usually are , almost everywhere in this planet . 
  the towels only show up on private beaches where the tourists only have to compete against other tourists from the hotel . 
  on a public beach that towel would be gone . 
  he has since been transferred to molenbeek , so expect him to blow up somewhere soon . 
  it 's a very loose comparison . 
  and the whole mudslinging between germany/austria and turkey gets a bit tiresome . 
  i would rather see some actions than words . 
  if you hit a paywall , try googling the name of the article . 
  google often lets you access the content over the link . 
  come on . 
  that was a medium tech cave dweller . 
  he used toilet paper instead of leaves . 
  he even tried to fire up his own garbage disposal unit . 
  yup , and the last million mustached men that came through our country want to burn jews too ... 
  nope , just making fun of you , 
  lol , you 're a jumpy little fellow ha ? 
  do n't let the terrorists win . 
  in france , they have won . 
  yes, 
  oh god , the austria hater again :d did an austrian steal your girlfriend ? 
  but at least your wife was n't sexually harrassed multiple times like my wife was in ankara . 
  how does austria have a problem with racism ? 
  we do n't burn down refugee centers in the dozens , right sachsen ? 
  nothing islamophobic to tell turks they are not ready for the eu and we should end the charade . 
  nothing turkophobic about telling turks to go home if they want to start a revolt in the streets . 
  if they want to act like animals , they should do it at home . 
  found the turk, 
  host as gschofft ? 
  just saw a german documentary about mallorca and how the locals/nature are suffering . 
  apparently there are close to 15 million people on their way to the island this year because of turkey , isis , etc. 
  mainly from germany , uk and netherlands . 
  poor island . 
  it 's not ironic that he died ( btw , he did n't die , the ranger did ) . 
  it 's ironic that he burned down half an island , killed a man and countless animals because he wanted to `` preserve '' nature . 
  check your city privileges, 
  well , the aussies hit back at the mayor by actually installing a kangaroo statue at the olympic village  http://www.abc.net.au/news/2016-07-27/rio-2016-australia-moves-in-to-olympic-village-installs-kangaroo/7665438, 
  hey , if you guys can live in the north sea , we can build some kind of mountain terrace city . 
  depends on the prices of the ticket and the fine . 
  here in vienna it does n't make sense not to pay a ticket . 
  yearly price is 360 $ and a fine is 120 $ . 
  even though since the migrant crisis hit us , there are wayyy less `` controllers '' . 
  there is a small possibility for the end of the euro . 
  the eu will outlive us two , though . 
  exactly . 
  there are way too many naturalised mohammeds living in germany already . 
  further reason to shut the door and deport a few failed asylum seekers . 
  neither . 
  they would take the first flight to turkey and join ottoman forces again . 
  relax . 
  it sounds harsh , but temporary work visas are nothing new . 
  and in reality , most guest workers did exactly that without such a law . 
  they earned money in germany/austria/wherever , built a house at home and raised a family . 
  the original name of the saint was vomitus ii . 
  this is a catholic procession . 
  they honor specific saints or just the j-man . 
  have n't you seen godfather ii ? 
  thanks , man . 
  good luck to england & wales as well . 
  yep , you might puke from the horrible taste , but it 's probably edible . 
  it has been in a dark , salty , cold , air-tight freezer for 340 years . 
  fermented cheese . 
  are you really dutch ? 
  why are n't you gloating over germany ? 
  sounds like you missed a lot during your life - better go back to sleep . 
  how is it possible that the quality of meat is independent of the kind of animal and the way it was raised ? 
  those are pretty much the only two factors that guarantuee true quality meat . 
  fish in central europe . 
  we are jesus loving catholics after all . 
  i 'm going with the sad state of affairs . 
  kill one man , and you are a murderer . 
  kill millions of men , and you are a conqueror . 
  kill them all , and you are a god . 
  it is sweet and horrifying at the same time . 
  probably does n't help that it happened in nuremberg . 
  you 're wrong . 
  there is enough light for trees everywhere in europe . 
  3000 years ago the whole continent was full of them . 
  deforestation is the answer . 
  that was dutch . 
  `` fremdsch\u00e4men '' would be the german counterpart . 
  do n't make him cry . 
  reality is like cold water . 
  you ca n't just throw him in . 
  bush seemed liked a trust fund kid who is a good guy and enjoys life . 
  nothing wrong with that . 
  but if you 're president and handing over the wheel to your shadow cabinet that has already served under your father it becomes messy . 
  powerhungry german fr\u00e4ulein , why u not solve problems ? 
  poles with work experience , language skills , and work ethic ? 
  the german industry is salivating already .
