  context : drunk brits pick a fight in a country that is known for muay thai and lose . 
  why should it get better even if you get rid of erdogan tomorrow ? 
  is n't the political climate already in place for a erdogan-like successor ? 
  it 's not that . 
  those former empire constructs are simply too confusing . 
  england , the uk , great britain , british isles , commonwealth . 
  most people i know just know the meaning of great britain or england and use only those . 
  the particular case you cited went to a european court . 
  99,99 % of hate speech related crimes are handled nationally . 
  just because there are european rules and regulations does n't mean that they take precedence over national laws . 
  but you are right that the ehcr buckled and set the wrong precedence . 
  painting everything in orange and red does n't make it less depressing . 
  but at least there is some green between the orange . 
  why ? 
  each country should be able to decide what can and ca n't be said in the country . 
  if i were to pubicly ridicule atat\u00fcrk and piss on a turkish flag i would get very different reactions in the us , turkey or russia . 
  and for a good reason . 
  you want to be a guest in our country ? 
  respect the house rules !, 
  restriction of hate speech or denial of war crimes does not infringe on freedom of speech in germany/austria . 
  as you can imagine , we have different rules on that than the swiss . 
  because just like turkey , we have been the perpetrators of genocide . 
  you 'll find those all-inclusive things in every country . 
  first time i went to one was 25 years ago , in kos , greece . 
  it was no accusation . 
  nobody envies your ancestors for having to choose between the nazis and the soviets . 
  the 2 worst groups that ever existed, 
  can confirm . 
  just old people . 
  ah , ok . thought it would be a bitch to load/unload a plane , but apparently not . 
  i was worried more about the weight than the space , but that 's a big plane . 
  ca n't imagine that they transport concert equipment in a 747 . looks like hot tub and hookers . 
  maybe a football pitch , 
  i 'm kidding you . 
  well who knows , some of those lithuanian pensioners might be former wehrmacht ~ ~ / ss ~ ~ , 
  i always thought all-inclusive clubs and ballermann a la mallorca are the worst things that can happen in summer vacation . 
  until i saw the first cruise ship . 
  like a swimming barn of livestock getting fatted up . 
  no experience of the country they are in . 
  just eating , swimming in urin and heavy drinking . 
  worrying about riots or violence is a waste of time . 
  you 're not gon na see it , unless you utter the word `` soccer '' . 
  i also would n't visit the capitals . 
  too much hype , too many people , too much fakeness . 
  do that when you are old and ca n't move anymore . 
  just rent a car and drive along the spanish/french riviera or the adriatic route italy/slovenia/croatia / bosnia . 
  if you can sail , do it in a boat . 
  nothing funnier than hopping the adria . 
  catching your own fish , sleeping on the boat . 
  italy -  croatia -  greece -  turkey . 
  well , maybe not the last part in the summer :d stay in medium sized cities/towns ( anything above 500k is a mistake ) , enjoy some real europe , eat good and locally and tip the waiters ( raise a hand or make eye contact with them , or they will ignore you ) . 
  cash is king in europe , so leave that credit card in the hotel . 
  try to watch some football games at public venues during the euros . 
  it 's the most passionate europeans get after genocide . 
  he , love that twitter comment : `` judging by that shot the uk should leave eu and join iron maiden '', 
  i love you, 
  so an irish bank names itself anglo something and you blame ze germans ? 
  judging by the test scores eastern europe and baltics should run the eu . 
  i would have waited just for legend sabonis . 
  what is that guy up to these days ? 
  coaching ? 
  an army of white walkers . 
  can you imagine the amount of coin counting those lidl guys had to do that day ? 
  restricting free speech even further , great idea . 
  i do n't think the nazis saw the slavs as 100 % white . 
  i was n't trying to downplay the suffering of polish people , just saying that they was a difference in treatment between poles and jews . 
  but i understand that that means little to a country that was ravaged by foreign invaders that often . 
  i was wondering why a 2 day old story was n't on r/europe . 
  edit : btw , all arrested have been released from custody the same day . 
  yay , justice !, 
   with putting `` slavs '' in the same situation ( or eventual same situation ) you are devaluating the prominent role jews had as a victims of the nazis . 
  wtf ? 
  read my posts again , i did the exact opposite . 
  even though jews make up roughly 50 % of all holocaust victims , they were the only ethnicity/race that was to be eradicated completely . 
  so they had a special role . 
  i think wholesale slaughter and genocide would have been a tough sell even among the war-ready german public . 
  `` deporting jews '' and `` relocating poles/ukranians farther to the east '' were the nazi code words for that . 
  there was a reason all the death camps were in poland . 
  they were expensive , large and inaccurate . 
  like the huge railway guns . 
  look impressive and are good for propaganda , but are n't efficient . 
  neither , it was just a friendly quip . 
  i 'm glad we are n't lobbying grenades at each other anymore . 
  wow , ok i underestimated the percentages and the area of generalplan ost . 
  it 's true that the nazis were very schizo towards slavs . 
  i think that was a rhetorical question , 
  that would actually support herakers idea . 
  since east germans are economically ( think more cheap labour through migrants ) and politically ( afd/npd way stronger than federally ) overruled , they feel they have to resort to violence to be heard . 
  because democracy and rule of law ? 
  i do n't think those plans existed for slavs . 
  genocide was to be commited on `` undesirables '' ( jews , communists , gypsies , mentally handicapped , etc. ) . 
  even hitler was n't megalomaniac enough to think he could eradicate all slavs , especially since they served within the wehrmacht and even ss . 
  i think in his wet dreams he was dreaming of all white countries united and controlled by german puppet dictators a la vichy , franco , mussolini , pavelic . 
  and then some , understandably . 
  you guys took that whole v2 barrage really personal . 
  it was just war , 
  how is it even possible that children that young can be obese ? 
  time to put down the fish & chips britain . 
  that `` joke '' would have a lot more oomph if you had stopped after 5 words . 
  more is not always more .
