  haha , perfect . 
   `` oh he threw an absolute hissy fit ; he was lying prone on the road screaming that new zealanders were assholes and he could n't wait to get back to europe , '' says local neil mouat , who eventually called police after an elderly fisherman `` had words '' with him , and mouat feared the altercation could turn violent . 
   `` he was a spoilt millennial , and he created a hell of a din . 
  but all that time he was standing in the wrong place to hitchhike -- a corner with poor visibility and nowhere for cars to easily pull over . '', 
  so the one thing those business executives want , may ca n't give them . 
  question is , what will she offer them instead ? 
  funny that she will talk about modern slavery shortly before those talks . 
  refugee crisis - hot air, 
  the answer `` i do n't know '' should be worded differently . 
  by definition , no one knows . 
  but we atheists are still right ;p, 
  `` had '' ? 
  where are thoe people now ? 
  paris , london ? 
  forget market shares . 
  teslas problem is profitability . 
  as long as they do n't learn to be a real business and make money , they are not going to be around to find out if they can compete with big auto . 
  elon musks pockets are deep , but they have limitations . 
  you see , that 's the problem if you confuse tesla pr with facts . 
   tesla motors projects sales of 80,000 to 90,000 electric cars in 2016 , and now believes it will produce 500,000 cars per year by 2018 , rather than 2020 . btw , they are n't even going to reach their own goal of 80k vehicles this year , second quarter of 2016 was < 15k cars sold . 
  that 's 2014 sales level again . 
  and i do n't think that a company like vw that produces 10 million cars a year is impressed by that . 
  i think the credit should go to the engineers , not the politician . 
  are you saying that hitler was the genius behing the beetle ? 
  if only there were other companies than tesla that build batteries . 
  you ca n't reinvest money you never made . 
  since 2009 , the company has lost 2 billion $ . 
  i do n't think that their new plant will be able to overcome the multi-billion dollar r&d facilities that are already in place for other auto manufacturers . 
  i 'm not sure what that has to do with the eu ? 
  should n't slovaks be disappointed with slovakian police/authorities ? 
  not that there was a lot of competition in the past . 
  but renzi seems to be a good one . 
  because tesla is an innovator , that has been losing money ever since it was founded . 
  once battery technology improves and the recharger infrastructure is built , the large auto companies will eat tesla alive . 
  oh please . 
  sending in 500 guys to appease the us and their world domination plans is hardly `` wreaking havoc '' . 
  the british and the french however did go too far in iraq and lybia . 
  but you 're forgetting the other 50 % of europe , who did n't participate in any major war since 1945 ( with the small exception of the balkans ) . 
  ... that we love them as well but are too shy to say . 
  yes , it 's almost as if things were able to change . 
  strange . 
  i think it 's neither . 
  it 's just integrating as much as possible so their children can grow up as german as possible . 
   house of sch\u00f6nborn i did n't know that . 
  aristo sleeper cells ... 
  oh those poor apple lawyers . 
  now they have to actually read legal documents . 
  the horror . 
  the battle would probably have been won without the final charge since the turks suffered heavy earlier losses during the day . 
  but it made for great christian pr :d even centuries later , this is the only thing that people remember . 
  but the polish help was very important . 
  sobieski was an easy decision for commander , he had a lot of experience and was the only king on the battlefield . 
  actually it was mostly austrian forces . 
  about 50 % austrian 25 % german 25 % polish, 
  why mostly polish ? 
  you mean mostly austrian ( about 60 % ), 
  you 're welcome for 1529 and 1683  edit : downvotes wo n't change history . 
  there are so many weird theories about ww1 , i do n't know which ones to believe . 
  a key position within europe , marrying the right people and exploiting the slavs . 
  worked quite well , until they had to declare war on serbia ... 
  are you crazy ? 
  bavarians are honorary austrians . 
  they are more austrian than people from vorarlberg . 
  and they are more popular than us viennese in most parts of the country . 
  but if we meet piefke in public , we have to keep up appearances . 
  it 's part of the social contract . 
  would n't that be obvious if they are austrians ? 
  kind of redundant . 
  but we speak german . 
  not a type of german that a german can easily understand - if at all - but still german . 
  it 's a better german . 
  more informal and fun . 
  like the americans/australians improved english , 
  yeeeah , can we get a post-euro crisis figure for greece ? 
  only if you come to the conclusion that they are the same , 
  australia-hungarian empire, 
  not enough did , because quite a lot of romanians have found us . 
  they 're here . 
  you 're right that overall the uk could easily pay for regional development funds themselves . 
  or distribute more efficiently , since westminster knows the situation in wales , etc. 
  better than brussels . 
  but they probably wo n't , at least not to the extent the eu would have done . 
  the uk has always been a mini us when it comes to neoliberalism . 
  and now with the eu out of the way do n't expect much pity on the poor . 
  99 % of people on this planet think that everything that was behind the iron curtain is `` easter '' europe . 
  that 's quite a logical jump to go from `` join '' to `` opposing anschluss '' to `` being a victim '' . 
  i just had a problem how you made it sound like austria yearned to be part of this shit show . 
  instead of doing quite a lot of things to prevent annexation . 
  the nazis in 1938 were not a group someone could say no to in the end . 
  was n't a lot of asking going on . 
  right , `` join '' him . 
  this article makes very little sense . 
  and the necessary investments they are talking about are mainly taking place outside the european union . 
  how does france for example attract software companies/start ups , when a broadband network in the swiss alps or the bosnian countryside is build ? 
  should have done what we did . 
  laugh at him and throw him in the streets . 
  true , the eu should not get involved in fiscal matters . 
  but there needs to be an agreement for a minimal corp. tax rate . 
  those oversea tax havens are problematic enough , but to allow that in the eu is stupid . 
  why do you whine about austria now ?
