  one is often a direct consequence of the other . 
  the united states is probably a world leader when it comes to the private hand influencing the public hand . 
  ttip would export that sort of `` economic freedom '' . 
  there are a lot of stupid conspiracies on the internet . 
  but lobbying is very real and well documented . 
  just because you are blissfully unaware of the impact of business on politics , does n't mean it 's not real . 
   austria just does whatever germany tells it to . 
  so that leaves germany , which kinda just does whatever the u.s. tells it to . 
  perfect geopolitical analysis by a reddit correspondent here . 
  edit : austria contains usa , coincidence ? 
  nobody says it fixes the problem . 
  but it is an immediate self defense response . 
  i do n't know what you are insecure about , but you seem extremely defensive . 
  the 2 or 3 people interviewed have the right to their own opinion . 
  the fact that you think that the `` jerries '' are superior to you , says a lot . 
  lol what ? 
  that 's the most undemocratic shit i have read in a while . 
  `` you do n't need the right to vote , because an american and a brit did that for you 100 years ago . 
  oh btw , be happy , because you are way better of than an algerian !? '', 
  stop being so insecure . 
  that 's not even what the article is about . 
  so people in quebec never leave quebec ? 
  sounds insane to have no english lessons in school . 
  no european wants to live like that . 
  east asian societies are extremely homogenous and collectivistic . 
  germany pleeeease , get rid of this crazy bitch, 
  only if you are the enemy of their enemy, 
  too late frenchie , we are building already . 
  go shove your autocorrect up your ass bob, 
  i completely agree , makes me angry as well . 
  it 's like you are watching the public shaming of a woman . 
  might as well put a leash on her and a gag ball in her mouth . 
  i will build a wall around belgium , and make the belgians pay for it . 
  they would n't . 
  if south tyrol ever left italy ( which they wo n't ) they would rather make their own country . 
  i mean it is pretty weird that that region is part of italy . 
  the reunification idea is brought up by a nationalist every few years as a political middle finger to whoever . 
  this time maybe merkel/renzi . 
  i know what you mean . 
  but now you have the chance to make them again . 
  in austria we had a ice called tschisi ( vanilla ice on a stick ) which was very popular . 
  it went away in the end of the 90s because new competition came along . 
  a few people and radio stations got together in 2012 and formed a movement to get it back . 
  now we eat it again  nothing wrong with a bit of nostalgia . 
  please let me know when we can send 200.000 migrants to ireland . 
  at your earliest convenience . 
  should n't it be easy to recreate those goods using `` capitalism '' ? 
  or were people only buying them because they had no little obama to suck on ? 
  the wehrmacht conquered paris , congratulations germany !, 
  i forced a refugee to drink a beer today with me . 
  he started crying , do n't know why . 
  maybe its ptsd . 
  no one knows what allah or mohammed look like . 
  so no toast for muslims . 
  no profit comrade , just victory !, 
  linking the burr video would have saved you some time  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e-gjpssiwv0, 
  they are getting ridiculed because their ideas are naive and patronizing . 
  child poverty rates are pretty much the same in glasgow and washington , d.c. 
  they are probably even worse in a lot of other places in the us . 
  yet they want to `` save '' the rudest ( god bless them and the aussies ) people in europe . 
  recipe for disaster !, 
  oh damn , you called my bluff . 
  i would not want that . 
  no public execution for my team . 
   potraying the brits as invaders [ ... ] is inaccurate . 
  que ? 
  how do you think they got those waters in the first place ? 
   just kidding , it was obviously a joke . 
  there has also been no recent war with france . 
  by beating germany in the finals and forcing them to wear red in shame while we adopt their ( our ) colors ? 
  that does n't explain why printing started relatively late in austria , france and england . 
  i think what you see here is a map of progressiveness across europe . 
  new renaissance ideas were printed and distributed outside of the established channels like church or kings . 
  and germany and italy played a big part in that . 
  it is true that they are far right ( i.e. 
  as far right as the constitution allows ) , especially on the lefty central european political spectrum . 
  the problem is , that the european far right are the only ones who dare to say `` enough is enough '' to the immigration fiasco . 
  road trip 5 : mormons stop the muslim hordes, 
  no need . 
  greece has already a large number of young workers from the middle east . 
  all those engineers and doctors will rebuild the country . 
  refugee camp for the english ? 
  haha , what did you expect ? 
  this is n't a hollywood movie where 2 teenagers save a european city . 
  there seems to be some truth to this , although a few american missionaries would n't change that  http://www.understandingglasgow.com/indicators/children/poverty/overview, 
  you leave those poor lesbians alone . 
  first the french wine wars and now us submarines and british invaders . 
  the spanish ca n't catch a break . 
  that 's true . 
  hungary ( especially budapest ) might have even been more cosmopolitan than vienna at the time . 
  have a hungarian grandmother myself . 
  90 % of the dead are not soldiers , but civilians . 
  there was little fighting in austria , so little deaths . 
  austrian soldiers fought in germany though . 
  like in ww 2 . a ton of russians died , most of them civilians . 
  but almost no civilians died in moscow . 
  30 years war was the second huge topic in my history classes ( after the romans ) . 
  true . 
  we need to bring back the white/black . 
  franz beckenbauer quote from a world cup .
