  facts are not buzzwords . 
  your average polish people are basically supercharged catholics . 
  of course they are not going to be ok with homosexuality , abortion , islam in society , certain women 's rights , etc. 
  it 's their right . 
  no need to be hyperbolic with the racism stuff . 
  first time i 've seen this one . 
  that 's probably the most accurate joke map yet . 
  at least from my perspective . 
  kneel , before the king keels . 
  i 'm talking about carry permits , not gun licences . 
  yes , this map is suspiciously non-french . 
  but i still agree with it . 
  and in the future . 
  just a fake german really :d, 
  knowing how stupid and drunk a lot of people are , i do n't want that . 
  like with every crime , it 's the sanity or the fear of going to prison that prevents you from doing it . 
  i like that law . 
  i do n't want to see weapons in a supermarket or cinema or bar . 
  keep that stuff at home . 
  do you really need a carry permit to own a gun and have it for home defense ? 
  here in austria those are 2 vastly different things . 
  owning a weapon is easy , getting a carry permit almost impossible nowadays without a reason . 
  i love it when they go crazy :d, 
  still white knighting and relativizing violence by our muslim friends . 
  the false equivalency with the car crash is just the cherry on top . 
  next people like you will call all terror attacks with trucks a `` car crash '' . 
  sounds nicer . 
  that 's ok . we have enough friends . 
  and apparently turks love austria , because there 's a ton running around here . 
  or any of the 50 nations that gained independence after ww2 , 
  now that looks like a fortress . 
  even though that is a hill as well . 
  mountains are steep and have ridges , where you ca n't comfortably walk up to the castle wall . 
  well , let 's end gas imports immediately . 
  you first . 
  looks safe , but i do n't see a mountain or river . 
  lol what ? 
  that got too convoluted . 
  gazprom shot down who ? 
  no , it 's quite literally a fight between 2 dealers . 
  the friend is n't in danger . 
  the gas world does n't work like that anymore . 
  lng suppliers are popping up evrywhere . 
  but the friend wants to keep the current deal , since he gets a commission for transporting the product . 
  nuclear and gas do n't compete for the same power category . 
  you have a point , although `` a lot '' is stretching it . 
  he is a czech , no `` asians '' there . 
  it was longer than 3 inches , cctv has 126 angles of the weapon . 
  she has to pay the price . 
  i do n't know . 
  looks not that hard compared to some others . 
  there are no mountains or rivers in the way . 
  you even have a high ground in the back from which to catapult rotten cows and plague victims into the castle . 
  it 's perfect . 
  where are the comedy shows that make fun of foreigners ? 
  got some rape jokes ? 
  are `` albrechts '' seriously a big problem in germany right now ? 
  talk about beating a dead horse . 
  what subject ? 
  not really that sensitive is it ? 
  anxious about what ? 
  what are you guys planning over there ? 
  eastern european clothes contain more tears and blood , and less chocolate . 
  not surprising at all with our laissez faire attitude to smoking . 
  i was in berlin during the new years celebration a decade or so ago when they introduced the smoking ban , it was immediate and everywhere . 
  we still just separate smoker and non-smokers with a door that is constantly open because the waiters have to go through . 
  or just some plants as separation :d, 
  i had the impression you are as protective of italian in every regard , just like the french . 
  and again , i do n't dislike it . 
  i dislike english creeping into german , so be glad it 's not like that with italian . 
  not really . 
  it 's a cultural thing . 
  some european regions have less problems embracing english in written or spoken form than others . 
  countries like netherlands , austria or czech rep. do n't preserve/support their own language and way of living to the same extent as italy or france . 
  which is not a bad thing . 
  just listen to german twitch streamers for example . 
  they do n't speak german anymore . 
  it 's mostly denglish . 
  when you see the english language in italy or france , it 's always because of tourism . 
  it 's always nice to have a scapegoat around for ones own failures . 
  if the poor guy does n't feel secure in germany , he should apply for asylum somewhere safe , like portugal . 
  that was my point . 
  in case you were wondering , almost all the photos are of children . 
  some happy , some sad , all staged . 
  i said that in a neutral way . 
  the christian defender theme is very polish , so not a surprise . 
  wow . 
  that really is good bye germany . 
  bayern , in case you had enough , you have our number . 
  then leave !, 
  where are the news reports about germans not feeling safe anymore because of millions of refugees that stand around the street all day without a job , a girl or a future ? 
  the only thing we have to do is die . 
  it 's been a while since we broke international law ... 
  i 'm worried about them too . 
  and many of the new arrivals will be here for a long time . 
  do n't kid yourself . 
  oh yeah it 's great . 
  that 's why their country is flooding europe . 
  inevitable that those assholes will make it into government . 
  half of vienna looks already like damaskus .
