  that 's because for more than a half of q1 you had unlimited immigration . 
  the border closures took effect in late february . 
  numbers should go down significantly for q2 . 
  i thought that smiley was crying about the fact that the polish role was dismissed , 
  the humanity . 
  how do these people carry on ? 
  lost hope indeed . 
  what is wrong with you ? 
  of course they had lots of help . 
  `` to defend yourself '' in english does not mean to do it alone . 
  just that you defend yourself . 
  alright , i should have seen the sarcasm in your last post . 
  but i 'm tired ok , 
  that 's probably what the russians are thinking as well , 
  no one said there was n't nazi support . 
  just that the world is a lot more complex than you think it is . 
  just wanted to remind you of that . 
  but i 'm sure you would have been the hero that europe needed . 
  history sounds so simple in your head ... 
   they civilized us you poor brainwashed german ... 
   did time start in 1933 ? 
  take that timeline a couple of years earlier , and i 've got a number of alternatives for you . 
  not joining the nazi party for one . 
  not voting for it , for another . 
  demonstrating , resisting , anything of any substance . 
  emigrating , as a last resort . 
  you apparently do not even know how many people joined the nazi party and how many voted for the nsdap in the last free election of 1932 ( 33 % ) . 
  or how many communists and social-democrats died . 
  soldiers were not asked if they wanted to join the army . 
  countries were not asked if they wanted to join the reich . 
  you are an ignorant kid . 
  it is the austrian `` v\u00f6lkertafel '' ( `` board '' of peoples ) . 
  first third of the 18th century . 
  so 300 years . 
  vienna defended itself 2 times , then the turks took the plane to germany/austria . 
  says the guy who has no idea how western parents raise their children . 
  turks love : themselves that is actually true , 
  i 'm sorry what ? 
  i think you missed the whole austria wanted to anschluss germany and then germany anschlussed austria part of history , 
  that is true . 
  i swear i ca n't remember . 
  do n't say that there were n't negative news , but the olympics went over pretty well in austria . 
  relations were much better then , though . 
  what is the point of the crimea invasion ? 
  no , german/austrian soldiers should have done it . 
  my problem was with the tone/rest of his statement . 
  i tend do agree with you . 
  that would probably be best in the long run for americans . 
  but there has to be a reason why the us military budget goes up every year , and it is probably not humanitarianism . 
  how many us domestic jobs are dependant on the military ? 
  what would you do with 1 million + ex-soldiers in the job market ? 
  that would bring some head ache in the short run . 
  that 's bullshit . 
  all those countries were willing to send troops into afghanistan for the us because of a terorrist attack . 
  which nato member was attacked ? 
  i 'm glad the us are sending troops there . 
  finland , sweden and about 150 other countries are n't part of nato either . 
  when does putin want to invade there ? 
  just so we can `` prepare a victory celebration '' . 
  i do n't remember any news about sochi . 
  what was there and what was false ? 
  right . 
  because the entire country committed genocide . 
  just like every brit committed genocide in africa/asia . 
  like every spaniard committed genocide in aouth america and every american committed genocide in north america . 
  what would little `` much_reddit '' have done when he found himself a german in 1933 or 1941 ? 
  probably shit your pants like everyone else . 
  they seem to love germany/austria . 
  otherwise there would n't be 5 million people there . 
  right ? 
  usually it is violence directed against the police , and firefighters/medics `` get in the way '' . 
  we need to enable our police to properly defend themselves . 
  it does n't have to be a police state , but a bit more force is needed . 
  * `` looks like germany will have to establish a schutzstaffel '' *, 
  no , but it looks like poland will . 
  that would only create more criminals . 
  those people do n't want to go back to morocco or libya . 
  europe as a whole needs deportation agreements like the turkey deal . 
  we need to take control of who is in our countries again . 
  how about arrest them ? 
  if they resist put a bottle of tear gas up their nose . 
  let 's see how they like that bouquet . 
  what are they saying ? 
   three other spanish vehicles were allowed to leave with their tanks half empty after having the words `` vin non conforme '' ( non-compliant wine ) daubed on their sides . 
  local police looked on at the `` social action '' , while french vintners took samples to check for fraudulent wine . 
  what , the police backs those guys up ? 
  what is going gon ? 
  austria has no jurisdiction outside of austria . 
  what you are talking about is nato or any other paneuropean force protecting the outer borders . 
  im for it , but that is not austria 's job ( or expertise for that matter ) . 
  when macedonia was closing its border to greece , austria offered to send soldiers and police to help out . 
  macedonia - understandably - only accepted the police . 
  countries do n't want foreign soldiers on their territory . 
  congratulation . 
  you are christian now . 
  please pay money to pope . 
  lol what ? 
  why would we deploy in other countries ? 
  preferably in the country where they committed their crimes . 
  whatever punishment awaits them there , they have it coming .
