  in one year . 
  it has been 200.000 + over the last 5 years . 
  happy times !, 
  yes , and on weekends they all eat polish babies !, 
   and i do n't really get what useful information would be extracted from it . 
  what useful information can be extracted from this image now ? 
  you have germany on top , because they have the biggest population/economy . 
  you have the usa on top in england and netherlands , because they are the important port countries for north america . 
  on the iberian peninsula it 's the closest neighbor . 
  this is basically a geographical map . 
  could that be just a logistics thing ? 
  england/netherlands buys stuff from the eu , sells and ships it to the us . 
  and vice versa . 
  considering their population size it 's not surprising . 
  would be more interesting if scaled down to per capita . 
  in case of austrias exports , per capita would mean switzerland before czech rep. / germany . 
  and the same is true for imports . 
  i was just saying that `` ngo hedge pension fund '' is not a thing , 
  :d latvia what does that mean ? 
  a sweet ( present ) , sour ( dog shit ) or expensive ( bribe ) gift ? 
   ngo hedge pension fund pretty sure that 's a made up thing , since it does n't make much sense . 
  but i agree with the rest of your post . 
  they step onto a plane and fly to their country . 
  we do n't just give them money and bring them to slovenia or germany :d, 
  better than to pay for more expensive deportations . 
  but i do n't argue that we need to protect our borders . 
  it 's not like those people can just take the plane back to austria again . 
  they have to pay smugglers shitloads of money to come back to europe . 
  and since they left voluntarily , they wo n't be back . 
  language is not what makes one german , or the union known as the hre . 
  it would be stupid to deny any connection . 
  but at the end of the day austrians are as german as czechs or swiss or northern italians . 
  the bavarians might smile when you call them fellow germans , but we austrians do n't have to indulge that delusion . 
  there is nothing to prefix . 
  austrians were never germans , pre or post ww2 . 
  we were together in the hre , that 's pretty much it . 
  are you using reddit science on me ? 
  austrians will never be germans and they were their own kingdom since forever . 
  the sooner you understand this the better . 
  yeah , ok . austria is germany . 
  totally , 100 % . 
  happy ? 
  btw , flair up piefke !, 
  so how are we german ? 
  ethnically we 're more czech and hungarian . 
  socially we 're like lazy germans , or more orderly italians . 
  the language is barely the same . 
  maybe your definition of german is useless . 
  lol coherent region . 
  that 's the problem when there 's 100 definitions of german . 
  you will inevitably find one that backs up your understanding of the world . 
  austria existed for centuries before pan-germanists like you came along . 
  the first step to independence . 
  and , i 'm sure the austrians who were in an empire with east europe felt really german . 
  the problem with germany was always that it was too german . 
  that 's why austria was never part of it . 
  parts of poland and france are just as `` german '' as austria . 
  salzburg was never german , since germany did n't exist . 
  he was from salzburg , which politically belonged to bayern . 
  i appreciate it , that you as a bavarian feel close to salzburg or austria , but we never belonged to the germany thingy . 
  our ethnicity did n't change over night , but it changed dramatically over the last 1000 years . 
  if you want to look at our ethnic brothers , look east , not north/south/west . 
  austria never belonged to germany , except for hitler party time . 
  it 's a bit weird if a country that exists since 1871 appropriates things that happened since 1156 . before that we were bavarian . 
  after that austrian . 
  not german . 
  shame about bavaria though , they would feel more at home with us :d, 
  since austria ( and all of those gentlemen ) is a bit older than germany i doubt that . 
  the act maybe not , but the radicalization process was definitely supported by a lot of bearded men that do n't belong in europe . 
  we are too blind and tolerant regarding the actual causes of terrorism . 
  we cry about the consequences and carry on doing the same thing . 
  do n't worry . 
  with the way our cities are designed it 's impossible not to walk . 
  eh , everyone does that to some extent . 
  just look at the british museum , 
  it 's called common sense . 
  when did legal migration become a crime ? 
  his ass . 
  so that the russian government ca n't silence him ? 
  if he wrote it on social media , they would have had it deleted and brought him in for another session on forced patriotism . 
  better get the information out to the media and into the light . 
  [ btw , how is maxim doing ? 
  is he still under arrest ? 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/60m909/this_is_how_a_russian_school_principal_talked_to/ ), 
  it has already piled up , even before the migrant crisis started . 
  the reason why we have such lenient sentences on crime is that our courts and prisons are swamped . 
  we were stressed out , but in 1918 you all became your own problems :d i say that with love for croatia . 
  dude , we are the german italy . 
  well , no one accused the russians of lacking balls , regardless of gender . 
  but the students in the video seem pretty smart , too . 
  it 's also pretty crazy how the principal and the teacher act , especially the part about how there 's now civil war in russia . 
  did i miss something ? 
  they will probably fight rottweilers next , because they think they are from rotterdam . 
  i hope someone films it . 
  that 's true , the selection is weird . 
  there would be quite a lot of european politicians ( or xinping ) ahead of putin . 
  which results surprise you ? 
  or did you just want to call austrians arrogant ? 
  as long as they have kebab , let the idiots do whatever they want . 
  so tolerant .
