the election that led to the nazis getting in power was n't entirely democratic and the process through which they got into the govt was also not entirely democratic . 
  i would also argue that the process which led syriza into govt could also use with cutting the bonus 50 seats but it was still a much more democratic process . 
  plenty of `` job creation '' bullshit to go around in portugal at least . 
  what mechanisms should be used to define what is and what is n't a dangerous ideology ? 
  what organ would be in charge of banning ideologies and what would its democratic supervision be ? 
  schauble can say anything he wants . 
  i will feel sympathy for the men when he stops pretending this austerity diktat is taking us anywhere and starts acknowledging that different solutions must be found and recognizes his and his government 's role in the weakening of europe 's democracy and unity , which lead me and i believe many other people to stop believing in the possibility of an egalitarian european democracy . 
  this to me is nothing more than him treating the greek government as well behaved children despite their rebellious streak . 
  wake up sheeple !!!!!, 
  greece can not pay . 
  its that simple . 
  barking , shouting and threatening isnt going to do shit . 
  its time the eu starts throwing a tantrum and swearing to starve the greeks if they refuse to go even further with their inane plan that wrecked what economy greece still had and left the people futureless . 
  yeah shame that even without synpathy germany still basically controls the euro though . 
   to act like an equal , he should implement the necessary measures to avoid begging others for help . 
  they are trying to but the eurogroup wo n't let them , instead forcing on them measures that will actually lead to a worse crysis and more debt . 
  get in debt by murdering , pillaging bombing and occupying and you get a debt pardon and are not bound to pay what you owe . 
  get in debt by being a peripheral country trying to provide for the poor and the needy and maybe by falsifying the numbers and then refuse to cooperate with a plan that will inevitably lead to the destruction of what is left of your economy under the guise of `` help '' ( more like help for the german bankers ) and apparently the same country that was happy to get its debt pardoned so that its economy could recover now feels like the way you got in debt is somehow worse and that you do n't deserve the same help they got . 
  one `` falsified numbers '' , the other waged genocidal and expansionistic war against europe . 
  one got a debt pardon , the other did n't . 
  actually trying to construe providing food for those whose wonderful modern economical system of capitalism failed so thoroughly as a bad measure . 
  you are hiting new lows . 
  also already vomiting the right wing propaganda of greece trying to get out of the euro when the eurozone has been doing its damn best to make sure syriza is left with no other option . 
  debts should be repayed . 
  except if the way you got in debt was through bombing murdering pillaging and occupating . 
  then debt pardons are obvs in order . 
  so is she packing her stuff already ? 
  as i remember these things happening in my country a group of technical staff ( not politicians ) landed on portela and met the two biggest parties and the perpetual junior coallition member , bringing with them a list of demands in exchange for a loan , that had been entirely decided by the institutions and that was only then negotiated with the parties ( and not very negotiated at all , most of the stuff went through ) . 
  seems quite different from the recent deal between athens and ~ ~ berlin ~ ~ the eurozone , does n't it ? 
   moral and military power incompatible as far as i can think . 
  got ta admire the gall to call me xenophobic after the shit i 've read about the greeks in this comment section . 
  i do n't take shots at the german people , unlike what reddit is doing here . 
  i take shots at this attitude of superiority and infalibility on the part of the german government in its foreign relations . 
  i take shots at a minister that , when accused of being insulting to his greek peer calls it `` nonsense '' and says that he `` does n't know what the greek government is doing '' . 
  i wo n't call you an idiot . 
  i do n't need to call you an idiot . 
  i need only assert that calling a post bullshit and not offering anything else to back it up is about as reasonable an argument as calling accusations of insult `` nonsense '' and telling the other side `` they do n't know what they are doing '' . 
   fuck the greeks for beginning about ` world war ii reparations ' , this is very , very disrespectful . 
  you know what is more disrespectful ? 
  invading , burning and destroying a foreign country on a mission of imperialism and racial supremacy and then pretending that the truly evil country is the one that got indebted . 
  all germany can do is blame , blame and blame the other countries for the situation they got in when it was germany that has been imposing a destructive austerity diktat on endebted countries and enforcing all the misguided financial policies that took us here . 
  success is , in german eyes , it seems , a thing only meant for germans . 
  when germany does well , it likes to boast about how much better it performed then everyone else ( never mind it does not have to deal with being a peripheral country on a currency it de facto holds all control over ) . 
  when germany wages genocidal war against europe and pillages and enslaves everything in its path and inevitably ends up losing and realizes they ca n't possibly pay back the war debt then they are happy to take other countries ' solidarity and help . 
  they are quick to accept foreign solidarity and even quicker to dismiss being solidary to other countries . 
  i 'm sorry but the loans the greeks and the other bailed out countries were given were not solidarity . 
  they came attached to a series of demands that crushed our sovereignty , our worker rights and our wellfare state , crippled our economy for years to come and whose purpose seemed to be insuring that german and other central european interests were not harmed in the event of defaults . 
  i 'm sorry about the rant and for going against reddit doctrine but i 'm sick and tired of my fellow citizens being treated like a bunch of lazies and idiots . 
  i 'm tired of this submission to the policies of those who think themselves our betters just because they were dealt a much better hand than we were . 
  who will call us a shithole if we have no healthcare and education and no infrastructure and will call us irresponsable for getting in debt to give our citizens a fighting chance in the 21st century . 
  there seems to be no place for us in modern europe . 
  the idea that any nation should pay back its debt entirely is ridiculous . 
  you do n't pay sovereign debt , you manage it . 
  or lets you know , not pay for the mistakes and crimes of private bankers with public money . 
  lets not let the rich guys get away from paying their taxes . 
  it should not be the poor who pay when things go bad for the rich guys . 
  this crisis did not come about as an effect of the poor getting too much , it came about due to the mistakes of the wealthy guys . 
  austerity has now been undeniably proven not to work in reducing debts ( our rised even more ) , to bring misery to those who already have very little and to have little appreciable effect in those who already have far , far too much . 
  the biggest lie this mentality perpetuates is that austerity will make anything ok . 
  it will only worsen rich/poor inequality and degrade the quality of public services . 
  it will put the rich in a better position and the poor in a worse position . 
  the solution to the perpetual crisis that is capitalism is not in capitalism itself . 
  it could not possibly be . 
  they put forth a plan that gave up on many of their initial ideas . 
  it still is not enough for the eurozone . 
  only total surrender of the syriza govt will ever be enough for the eurozone . 
  the political cost of letting syriza succeed would be far too high after too long a time invested on the austerity diktat . 
  i think they are free to impose watever draconian conditions they please . 
  they do n't get to paint the greeks as the inflexible part of the discussion though if they do that . 
  ca n't have your cake and eat it too . 
  if syriza ca n't reach the deal they told their electorate they would seek i think the correct thing to do ( from a democratic view point ) would be to call for a new election since their govt plan could n't be put into action and this time present a platform of leaving the euro as the last resort since the other alternative is to go forward with economy destructive austerity . 
  if nd wins again so be it , the people have spoken . 
  if syriza wins again then they can legitimately go forward with the drachma . 
   revitalize the economy is that the newspeak word for `` bleed the people dry '' ? 
  cause i think no matter how much you squeeze there ai n't much more blood there . 
  they do n't expect `` high standards '' - they expect the greek government to enact a plan of reforms they were explicitly given a mandate by their people to fight against and which has proves catastrophic for the greek economy . 
  the point should be that you should n't even begin to cut things that affect the common folk before you have reduced the wealth of the bankers until they are common folk and not rich at all . 
  le pen wo n't win in france , but the socialists almost surely wo n't either and that leaves the ump . 
  back to the days of sarkozy and angela ? 
  what 's wrong with metroscopia ? 
  genuinely curious as i do n't pay much attention to what people usually say about polling companies . 
  citizens was 9 % two weeks ago . 
  they are in technical draw with podemos , pp and psoe right now . 
  it seems likely they will be in first in a couple of weeks . 
  syriza 's talk of quitting has nothing to do with any crystal balls . 
  sinn f\u00e9in can hardly be considered a part of a hypothetic future change for europe . 
  they have been around for a while as part of a few governments . 
  and that 's it even if podemos wins in spain ( and it wo n't surely be able to form a government without significant compromises ) . 
  three peripheral countries against a france that is turning to the right , a germany that still stands by cdu and in general a very strong defense basis for austerity and the continuing of current economic policy . 
  pure technocracy is inherently anti democratic since it does away with parties and votes and replaces them with a committee who is in charge of selecting government officials by applying some undisclosed criteria of competence . 
  i fail to see how the fact you are an extremely competent scientist or engineer would guarantee you are fit to rule a nation since most of the questions that governments are called to answer are not of a strictly techincal nature . 
  should we raise taxes and social benefits or should we slash both of them , or should we raise taxes and have a bigger army ? 
  should this country even have an army ? 
  what is our stance on current international conflicts ? 
  should our society be more capitalist or should we pursue socialism ? 
  should a certain sector of the economy be controlled by the state or privatized ? 
  should the death sentence exist ? 
  if not , what should be the maximum sentence we can convict people to ? 
  the list goes on and on and most of these questions have no right or wrong answer that can be reached through scientific analysis or engineering . 
  technicians and engineers have their place in helping government officials make informed decisions about the possibility and the cost of certain policies but being a competent scientist or engineer does not immediately qualify you as a good leader .
