   is n't france the birthplace of communism ? 
  no  do n't they have like high communist tax now ? 
  not sure about what specific tax you 're thinking about , but the answer is most probably no whether you 're thinking about [ corporate tax ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-j4co5-tscf4/tf8g_sa3rii/aaaaaaaaelw/3qjaw5rciqs/s1600/screen%2bshot%2b2011-06-20%2bat%2b09.30.50.png ) , [ vat ] ( http://academy.iglobalstores.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/european-vat-rates1.jpg ) or [ income tax ] ( http://oldrbd.doingbusiness.ro/images/articole_poze_continut/21194_f24ee75f.jpg ) . 
  he wants to say french press is n't allowed to publish early polls on french elections . 
  so swiss and belgian press do it instead . 
  vend\u00e9e and bretagne still have a much higher proportion of children schooled in catholic schools than the rest of france though . 
  and when i was a kid ( in vend\u00e9e ) even in the public school there were maybe half of the children who went to catechism . 
  i think it 's really just a social pressure thing and few of those parents were actually religious though , so i would n't really call that a bible belt . 
  i might be wrong , as i never really met these parents since i was just a kid . 
  yeah ... no , this turn of phrase is used in other languages beyond english , so that 's not an american thing . 
   you , like germans , are building your factories and production halls in poland , paying polish wages while selling products for western market . 
  `` oh it is so disadvantageous to us '' come ooooon , we are your little china and you are enjoying that . 
  this is disadvantageous for the netherlands and germany as well on the long term . 
  have you thought maybe the guy you 're answering is n't representative of the financial and industrial leaders in his country and could have a different opinion on what should be done * for the greater good * ? 
   yeah im not sure what eu passport means it means you are a citizen of a eu country . 
  so croatia is included , but switzerland is n't for example ( even though they can also come to france with only their id ) . 
  maybe , but if the difficulties of entering eu are the only thing that keeps a region into a country , i would think that it 's preferable for it to actually become independent . 
   that 's how eu works . 
  if a country member says ` no ' to another member joining , that he ca n't join . 
  i would n't mind the rule to be changed a bit so that parts of a member country are automatically made eu members if they become independent ( or at least , automatically allowed to become members if they choose so ) . 
  from my point of view , i certainly would n't like brittany or corsica to become independent from france , but i would like even less to see them excluded from the eu . 
  i do n't know why you 're being so angry , but i think quite a few people ( myself included ) are hoping exactly that , that scotland becomes independent and a full member of the eu at the same time the uk leaves the eu . 
  that 's the something that could be worked out : allowing an independent scotland in in a seamless way when the uk leaves . 
  nah , they did n't get brussels and paris right either . 
  i ca n't really judge the others . 
  i think i 've read in the newspapers about two germans doing the same just a few weeks ago . 
  they were arrested before they could come back to germany though ( and released of course , but with the material seized ) . 
  in france as well , outside the wwi red zone but in the large cities of the west , though they are american and british bombs . 
  they can . 
  but then they should n't be part of the eu . 
  so everything is fine really , and it ` sin the eu 's best interest that the uk gets out as soon as possible . 
  what had you expected ? 
   before dreaming about federal eu , show first that single state of germany and france can actually work . 
  call it like medieval francia and have capital in strasbourg . 
  i 'd love that . 
  aachen would be better symbolically though , but it 's not big enough . 
   i 'm looking for a reason to go to luxemburg it 's a good place to go through when you 're coming back from frankfurt . 
  no need to actually stop there , though . 
  these are n't just * ads * though , they 're health prevention messages . 
  so while most companies in russia probably targeted their olympic ads at visitors to sell stuff , it 's quite fair to think that a french non-profit association tries to raise awareness in the general population of france instead of aiming for short-term tourist profits . 
  euro 2016 here is just a way to interest people in their message , not the core topic of the ads . 
  now maybe romania and russia have different ways of doing things , but people and associations in france will not start addressing each other in english just because there 's some international event going on in a few cities here , it 's just not what we do : a very large majority of the people who will read these are french and speak french , would n't it be completely absurd to show them something in english ? 
   also , have the french considered that probably 80-90 % of people who are currently in france for euro 2016 do n't even speak french ? 
  they 'll be like , `` oh look boobz , lol ! '', 
  and have no idea what the message is . 
  i always get the impression that french constantly overestimate the number of french speaking people in the world , like they 're stuck in the early 20th century . 
  or maybe the target for french-language ads in france is actually french people who understand french , have you thought about that ? 
  well wikipedia says :  a skyscraper is a tall , continuously habitable building of over 40 floors , mostly designed for office , commercial and residential uses . 
  a skyscraper can also be called a high-rise , but the term skyscraper is often used for buildings higher than 150 m so only tour montparnasse fits this definition in paris . 
  after that there 's one tower that is 38 floors and 128m high , so i guess you could say there is one residential skyscraper in paris if you want to stretch the definition a bit . 
  none of the densest arrondissements have any building higher than 100m though , anyway . 
  high-rises are really not necessary for high population density as long as you 're not talking about singapore-high density , no matter what you 're going to say . 
  that 's a completely wrong idea . 
  paris is the most densely populated city in europe , and has exactly one , non-residential , skyscraper . 
   and you keep saying you do n't like nationalism ? 
  i do n't like * regional * nationalism . 
  because it goes against the * national * nationalism we have built . 
   i find giving them the benefit of choosing the name of their region to reflect their cultural particularities is the best way to show you respect their regional singularities , even if in the end you are all french . 
  are n't the occitans oppressing the catalans around perpignan though , by forcing them to live in an `` occitania '' region ? 
  should the occitans that are not in occitania now be allowed to call their regions occitania too ? 
  or should regions be resized so they fit cultural identities that have not meant anything for centuries now ? 
  i 'm from occitania and brittany and live elsewhere , which of the three or four identities should i pick ? 
  there 's no end to this , it all comes back to the old widely unequal provinces and operating as nothing more than a federation . 
   i do n't think many people would like to see the name of `` france '' changed to `` western european country 2 '' . 
  when a european nation exists i 'll be fine with # 2 or # 17 . 
  we 're not there yet though . 
   because the old provinces were a pain in the *** for the central authority . 
  it was a pure power grab thingy . 
  i find it a shame to loose old names , because of that . 
  oh not at all , it was really intended to abolish the old , arbitrary , differences between the provinces , which had had occasions to negotiate special rights and stuff through history , leading to things like the tax on salt going from 0 % to something like 500 % depending on the place . 
  so they were replaced with natural , impartial , partly cultural but not too much , and equal in size , d\u00e9partements , named after natural features . 
  that was at a time when centralisation was especially not a policy , unlike during the old regime that had just been done away with . 
   grand est tries to be grand well , `` grand '' in this setting just means * extended * , not like `` grand '' or `` great '' in english . 
  * grand ouest * is already commonly used for brittany + pays de la loire + the normandies , so grand est is just mirroring that . 
  other than that , i do n't like mostly history based names . 
  they are both inaccurate ( this new * occitania * includes some catalonia and misses a large part of historical occitania ) and stir up regionalism/nationalism for no good reason . 
  i would like regions to just be named after a river or other landmark ( like most d\u00e9partements ) or just give them a number and be done with it ( like d\u00e9partements as well which are also known by their number , actually ) . 
  that was the original idea during the revolution , to do away with the old provinces . 
  maggot cheese also checks ( in corsica ) raw sea urchins as well head cheese too ( though i do n't even understand how it can be thought of as an horror ), 
  i wish france would be so much more active in our relations with some of the countries in the east of europe that seem to have , or could have , some kind of connection to us , for historical or cultural reasons . 
  honestly i would n't have thought of moldova , but it makes sense since you 're close to romania . 
  we should definitely try to be close to romania , and then too armenia , georgia , maybe croatia and slovenia ( okay i 'm not sure how they actually feel about the illyrian provinces and all ) . 
  i 'm not just talking about being political allies , but actually building two-way cultural relationships with joint events , getting these places back into the minds of the general population ( they still are , but that 's fading away ) instead of just using romania as a scarecrow * because that 's where the roms come from * ( and that 's in the best case when the politicians do n't confuse roms with romanians ) . 
  but i feel like since sarkozy , our governments have been very ignorant of both history and culture , almost willfully so , and the need to take care of our cultural influence , and i 'm afraid in a decade or two all of you will just have forgotten that you once liked france somewhat . 
  and the french wo n't even remember you exist at all . 
   black american infantrymen fighting in france the only historical way to show that would of course be to make france playable , since the black american soldiers actually fought alongside the french army as the white americans did n't want to be with them  as far as i know . 
  i 'm in the white area in northern france . 
  the sky is n't exactly blue . 
  i 'm not sure german is that different from french on the reading side . 
  you do have some letters that do n't always sound the same depending on some rules , like `` ch '' or `` s '' . 
  and sounds that do n't exist in french ( coincidentally , the sounds for `` ch '' for example ) . 
  but like in french , they all depend on a set of rules and if you can read german or french , you should be able to read any word you do n't know yet . 
  it 's true that the reverse is different , french has silent letters that make it more difficult to know how to write a word you have only heard , but etymology works well for this , the silent letters are not arbitrary . 
  english is completely different here , how a word is written just has no relation at all to how it 's spoken . 
  i 'm pretty sure it was the same kind of drunk hunters that also regularly shoot their dogs , their friends , hikers or just road signs during hunting season . 
   tell that to the [ ... ] french people yep !, 
  europe is doing fine overall . 
  it 's not perfect by any means , but there is basically no other place i would prefer to live in today , and i have lived on a few other continents already . 
  so , yeah , it 's not bad . 
  hmm , i do n't really see a stereotype there , it 's just not obvious to me that bloomberg is behind that url .
