  the others are all inhabited . 
  not really in calais though , more in the former industrial , run down cities of the north with high unemployment . 
  nope , this poll only seems concerned about the first round . 
  also , the pdf does n't contain the regional information shown on the maps , so i guess there 's more information that has not been released yet . 
  for me , the most interesting is that a large amount of people are still unsure of their choice , [ more than 60 % ] ( https://down.xn--wda.fr/2017-02-17/2furf5cvw7.png ) for the biggest candidates except fillon ( i guess all those who had doubts have already settled for another candidate by now ) and le pen . 
  are they though ? 
  with the new regions it 's difficult to see if the high percentage in the east is due to alsace or to the other , poorer and thus maybe more le pen-friendly , d\u00e9partements . 
  hmm , that does n't really explain the dutch names on the french-speaking provinces though , since there are even less dutch speakers here than there are french speakers in flanders . 
  why show the dutch names of french-speaking provinces , and not the french names of dutch-speaking provinces ? 
  most of those names already have french versions , from flandres occidentales to frise and gueldre . 
  no idea , some of those are occitan so i thought he might be one of those guys that like to use the `` local '' name of cities instead of the french one , but `` nand '' ( i imagine it would be nantes ) and `` gradnipol '' make no sense whatsoever , so i guess he 's just trolling . 
  also , he forgot lille in his list of large cities . 
  you 're kinda funny , but just a little . 
  it 's just at the confluence between [ `` one of the major rivers of europe '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rh%c3%b4ne ) and another [ large river ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sa%c3%b4ne ) . 
  seriously , why are you posting your comments if you have no idea what you 're talking about ? 
  that 's exactly what i 'm saying is wrong , though . 
  if you start shooting people , even if you miss you 're a threat obviously , so shooting at you seems reasonable enough . 
  if you set fire to a trash can though , once the can is alight then shooting you or anything else wo n't help anything , the fire will still propagate to the nearby car , and it will still threaten the people inside . 
  if you 're a policeman or anyone else , you 're more useful helping people out of the car than killing the guy who set the fire . 
  i do n't know what you 're thinking , but it seems easy enough to compare the different outcomes . 
  what happened is someone set fire to a trash can , and nobody died . 
  what some people here seem to be advocating is shooting the person who set this fire , meaning one guy dies . 
  nobody dies  one bad guy dies . 
  why talk about marxism ? 
  on the communist side there are two or three trotskist parties in france , but they are nowhere near any position to hold power anytime soon , so i 'm not sure why you would mention them . 
  oh , you might have chosen the wrong thread then , because you specifically answered my comment that was precisely talking about not killing people because it 's useless . 
  not about the term used to call rioters . 
  have a good day . 
  it 's her mother who left the girl in the car though . 
  i do n't think giving her a gun would have helped her remind her of her daughter in the backseat . 
   i am however interested in them being allowed defensive , preventive or deterring protection in event of violent mobs . 
  great , but french citizens are n't so that 's kinda off topic . 
  and i do n't really see little girls defending themselves from a car fire with a handgun , honestly . 
  37 people have been arrested in the car fire event . 
  it 's not like they were just being called scum , given a small spank and then let go . 
  i know they 're probably going to get lighter sentences than one might like them to have , maybe the real perpetrators did n't even get arrested actually . 
  but seriously , you do n't kill people when killing them does n't * improve * anything . 
  they were not purposely preventing people from escaping the car either , or being any threat once the fire was already lighted . 
  killing people is n't a magical solution to everything , just try to use your reason to think beyond your basal emotions . 
  the * only * outcome of killing those people right there would have been more rioting . 
  justified or not . 
  therefore more violence , more threat to innocent people and just maybe , actual victims in the end . 
  she 's not dead , mate . 
  in a civilised country , you do n't just kill people who are n't even killing other people . 
  even less when killing them would n't change anything . 
  i mean , killing the guy who lights a fire does n't put out the fucking fire or save those who are being threatened by the fire , does it ? 
  honestly , i understand being angry but what the fuck , have some fucking humanity , men . 
  killing people is never going to solve anything , or the us and somalia would already be the safest countries in the fucking world . 
   attack regular people with cocktails molotov are you talking about setting fire to the trash can next to the car ( in which was a family ) or another event which i have not heard about ? 
  if you 're talking about the trash can event , although that was a despicable act it 's very far from attacking regular people with cocktails molotov , far from being an act of terrorism , and lethal force is * absolutely not * justifiable against that . 
  another thing is using lethal force to quell protests against a recent abuse of force against an innocent guy is * probably * not the best way to end this event . 
  not in long term in any case . 
  shooting down people for an event which did n't make any victim in the end ? 
  sounds quite reasonable to me . 
  tourism less than 10 % of france 's economy though ( * foreign * tourism being about a third of that ) . 
  so while tourism is a somewhat important sector , it 's not very likely to be important enough for the kind of manipulation you seem to allude to . 
   given le pen is so likely to get elected but she 's not likely at all to get elected . 
  she 's very likely to lose the second turn in any possible configuration . 
  let 's say there were a refugee crisis in france ( hint : that 's in germany ) . 
  what do you think chirac would do exactly to save us ? 
   you will never see right protest when socialist wins have you missed the countless right-wing protests against gay marriage which was part of the left-wing president 's programme , though ? 
  it 's trying to . 
  i work in a former [ textile factory ] ( https://farm4.staticflickr.com/3427/3374445040_1713afc917_o.jpg ) that has been renovated and converted into a place for startups and other companies related to it , it 's called euratechnologies . 
  the area around this has completely changed in the last few years , it has become a really nice place . 
  and several other centers like this have been completed in other parts of the urban area , so i think it 's on a good track . 
  also , the place shown on this post , vieux-lille , was also rundown and really not nice until the 90s . 
  i think overall lille is on a good track . 
  i 'm sorry guys : / i really wish i could do something for you , but since our political scene is barely better than yours ... 
  i 'm not sure france or anyone else needs a president corrupt to the core as fillon is . 
  and i guess if someone wanted that , they could just go live in romania . 
  in some way , overseas territories have autonomy and powers comparable to those of us states relative to the federal state . 
  by the way , france and australia already patrol jointly each other 's borders in the indian ocean and the pacific . 
  so i do n't think it would change much if it was done under the eu banner instead of the french one . 
  the \u00e2 is absolutely mandatory in french , if you 're thinking about the recent reform , it only makes the ^ optional on the i and u , unless where it creates homographs ( like jeune/je \u00fbne or faite/fa \u00eete ) . 
  since on a , e and o it also acts as an indication of prononciation , it is as crucial as any other accent there . 
  also , a german plural for chateau would n't be chateaus anyway , as plural in german is marked with - en or - n instead of - s. so , chateauen ? 
  _ chateaus _ is the correct english plural though . 
  ... non-citizens who are legal residents , obviously . 
   why would you introduce measures that make companies more hesitant to hire when unemployment is a larger problem ? 
  which measures are you talking about , though ? 
  he * might * have used money from the ministry of economy to fund his campaign . 
   when i ask about a hypothetical situation where the laws change , saying that 's not the law is not an answer . 
   if the law changed to make it illegal for women to drive ... obviously it would n't be considered discrimination . 
  you did n't understand . 
  discrimination according to sex or sexual orientation is prohibited by the constitution , so law * could not * be changed to make it illegal for women to drive . 
   that ca n't change ? 
  you keep dodging the question , and i do n't understand why . 
  it would take some kind of new revolution to make the declaration not above the constitution , of course everything 's possible , but , yeah , that 's not exactly realistic . 
  i do n't care about alternate realities . 
   i 'm trying to understand your point ? 
  whatever the majority votes for is okay to be enforced by violence . 
  as long as it does n't contradict a few rules that were made in 1789 ? 
  or the consitution ? 
  i 'm not sure where you 're seeing the violence , people are n't being kept at bay from the soda fountains by men at arms as far as i know . 
  but yes , everything that does n't contradict the 17 fundamental articles and the 93 articles of the constitution is allowed , if a majority votes for it ( and the echr allows it , of course ) . 
  are you arguing for some kind of natural law that would be above the national ones ? 
   there is nothing inherently wrong with banning women from driving , if the majority vote for it ? 
  it 's only because there is a paper that might say it 's discrimination that makes it wrong ? 
  it 's weird , you seem to read my post , but at the same time you 're saying something that directly contradicts it . 
  it is fundamentally wrong to ban women from driving , if the majority ever voted for it , it still could not be enacted as a law .
