well , to be honest it was also the richest and most peaceful continent in the world in 1930 . 
  and also in 1900 . 
   perhaps you might be able to clear up this issue as you are francophone yourself . 
  is the j in jupiler hard or soft , and does it really alter the pronounciation enough to a point where doubt may arise , and ensure that the waiter was not just being an ass ? 
  i am aware the last `` e '' is pronounced like an '' \u00e8 '' instead . 
  well i do n't have a computer with a sound system right now and i 'm not sure what a `` hard '' or `` soft '' j is . 
  as far as i know the dutch `` j '' is like the german one ( which would be soft i guess ? ), 
  or like a `` y '' in english . 
  in french i 'd never heard it pronounced like this for * jupiler * ( or anything else ) and it 's always a `` zh '' like , say in the english words `` leather '' or `` vision '' ( so , hard i guess ) . 
  with a '' \u00e8 '' yes ( like is traditional in french for words ending in - er , except for the most recent english imports ) . 
  and french people , and i 'm guilty of this as well , often do n't readily make a connection when a somewhat common word is pronounced in a different way , even when it does n't seem that different afterwards . 
  i think there 's something in our language ( or education probably ) that really makes it difficult to quickly switch between languages . 
  i mean , my english is n't too bad , but even after all these years i 'm still thrown off every time my wife slips an english word in the middle of a french sentence . 
  now the waiter may also very well have been as ass , but i 'm really not sure it 's as clear cut as you think . 
   it 's the french who 's pronouncing it the wrong way . 
  jupiler is pronounced the dutch ( flemish way ) . 
  wait what ? 
  jupiler comes from wallonia , from a city that was part of france at times and has had a clearly french name for an eternity - * jupille-sur-meuse * . 
  why could it not be pronounced the french way ? 
  i have heard people saying it the french way ( when speaking french with me , i barely speak flemish ) both in france , belgian flanders and wallonia . 
  i think / u/didalectic was just being kind of a jerk insisting on a `` right '' pronunciation while the waiter wanted to make sure he was really talking about `` jupiler '' and not something else . 
  it 's kind of like the flemish people who come here and insist on calling my city lille `` rijsel '' , when almost nobody here knows its flemish name . 
   learning the lingua franca is a way of integrating into the european community and showing at least some interest in meeting others in the middle . 
  well actually , using a national language as the * lingua franca * of the european community is a shitty choice ( especially the national language of a country that 's doing its best to drag the eu down , but that 's not the main point ) . 
  i think the * lingua franca * of the eu should be latin , it 's a good enough language and it 's not tied anymore to a nation ( obviously i do n't expect it to happen though ) . 
  in the meantime i 'm going to try my best to speak my own language in my own country and to ask for at least a token effort on the part of visitors , thanks . 
  for a more general answer on the topic , i think what 's causing problems to non-latin visitors is that they are n't used to saying * hello * , * thanks * and * goodbye * ( preferably in french of course , three words are not ** that ** difficult to learn ) to the people they talk to . 
  my wife speaks native-level french even though she comes from a very different culture , and was very critical of the `` french attitude '' until i figured that out . 
  now that she greets people before talking to them , her opinion has completely changed . 
  i get the joke , but that would still be less than half the population . 
  talking about elba , i think the comeback from elba and the march to paris were an especially glorious moment for us . 
  most of the uk 's and a sizable part of france 's overseas eez are outside the eu though . 
  martinique , guadeloupe and mayotte have quite small eezs as they 're squeezed between other islands , i think only french guiana and r\u00e9union are not negligible , so that 's not much in the end . 
  also , the map says waters * of europe * , not of the eu . 
  overseas territories are definitely not in europe . 
  you talk just like france and the uk did in the 1930s . 
  i come from a region which war greatly depopulated ( some outright call it a genocide , with a lot more dead than the people executed during the terror ) by the republican army when the people tried to lead a counter-revolution . 
  at the same time though , as an old-style public teacher my mother is a very fervent supporter or the core republican values , so i have had the occasion to discuss this subject a lot of times in family . 
  the revolution did have horrific events , nobody would deny that . 
  however , most people would think they were the unfortunate consequences of changing a government system and a whole administration in a very hostile environment , against the will of most of our powerful neighbours ( and even without the support of our only former friend the usa ! ) . 
  it 's also the result of being betrayed by the person who was in charge of leading the country , the king , forcing the people to devise on the spot a whole new system . 
  since few democratic systems had been tried until then , we were bound to make mistakes . 
  in the end , the revolution as a whole brought a lot more good than bad , not only in france but it 's also the reason most of the world agrees on a unit system !, 
  the values of the french revolution are still today more or less those of the un and the global western civilisation ( shared with those of the american revolution , which are n't very different but do have fundamentally different aspects ) . 
  i 'd rate revolution as * useful/10 , would do again * . 
  it 's not * france * claiming things , just our retarded ex-president who likes to think he can still do things . 
  well i really hope he does n't get to be the next president as well , but for now he 's just a regular , borderline extreme right , repression-addicted moron . 
  i do n't keep a list of all redditors who complain about alsace-lorraine , but i 'm surprised you 're surprised they exist . 
  although a significant proportion of them are probably actually americans with 4/96th german ancestry , i guess . 
  well some germans seem to think eastern france should be german , yes . 
   and i still have n't seen snowpiercer . 
  you should . 
  i guess i 'd suggest watching it using popcorntime if that still works or t411 . 
   the absolute smallest library is for french southern territories yeah well considering the internet link there is not enough to stream a 240p movie , i 'm not sure i understand why it 's even there . 
  well i have never used netflix so i ca n't be sure , but there are at least a few french series yeah , and i suppose these are n't available in non-french speaking countries . 
  what 's most surprising is the three places with the most titles ( after the us ) are the caribbean french overseas d\u00e9partements . 
  i guess they both fall under some global agreement with the other caribbean countries ( which also have large libraries ) and benefit from french-only titles as well ? 
  it 's still a bit weird . 
  you 'd probably like to think this , but that 's actually quite wrong . 
  virtually nobody ( in france ) sees the uk as a counterweight against germany . 
  and i 'm afraid you are n't especially liked * as a country * either ( individual british citizens are of course liked ) . 
  ( edit : true -  wrong ), 
   in france they seemingly did n't have the option of answering ` do n't know ' . 
  that 's because french people ca n't say that . 
  we have to have an opinion on everything !, 
  well yeah , just like what i 'm saying with france and germany and most probably the uk too ( even though i did n't mention it to try to avoid some kind of defensive comment by a brit , but ... ) . 
  but we 're clearly not making the numbers look better for our countries  `` real '' unemployment is most probably higher everywhere than these numbers show , except in the really economically fucked up countries like bosnia . 
  maybe spain and greece as well ? 
  i really have little idea of what it 's like there . 
  maybe i did n't use the right sentence . 
  you seemed to imply that i what somehow jealous that france is struggling and not other countries . 
  that 's wrong , i 'm very well aware of my country 's economy and in fact i live with someone who does n't work and is n't counted as unemployed . 
  do you also think sweden 's / u/nucktuck _ below wants to discredit statistics because he does n't want to acknowledge that sweden 's struggling with 7 % unemployed ? 
  not everybody are so shortsighted and nationalistic that all they say is only to make their country look better than it is . 
  you should try to look past petty national jealousy and bad faith . 
  these numbers are just increasingly meaningless i think , in bosnia as well as germany or france . 
  most places will count people with some variation of a 0-hour contract as employed ( even though they might work one hour a month or less ) as well as those who are n't even registered in some national agency as seeking a job ( because they are content with minimum welfare or because they have given up and taken the black market option ) , and on the other hand might count people as unemployed even though they work full time without being declared ( which is probably the case of a lot of people in bosnia here ) . 
   i can go through all christmas without even hearing about religion . 
  in easter is impossible not to hear about it . 
  hmm , it 's kinda the contrary for me . 
  around christmas you hear the controversies about town halls setting up nativity scenes and stuff , the far-right rambling on how we 're a catholic country , while easter is just a day for children when you just see chocolate in the stores . 
  also , christmas is a lot more commercial than easter and i think that might be a reason why people are getting fed up with it , non-stop ads about children 's toys and things like that become boring at some point . 
   third times a charm in french we say * never twice without thrice * on the other hand , and germany has just lost twice . 
   but acting gets us killed instead that 's ... probably the most selfish thing i 've ever heard on this topic . 
  staying safe by harboring terrorists without acting against them is not something that you should even be thinking about . 
   we got criticized apparently while losing civilian life in defense of france . 
  in defense of france ? 
  are you joking ? 
  these people are criminals on your own fucking territory and all you can think about is that it 's fine because they 're only harmful to your neighbors ? 
  that 's not what the eu is about . 
  your thinking is fine if you 're outside the eu with efficiently organised border control between our countries . 
  right now the situation is that we essentially share the same territory and we each manage our parts in the best way possible for the common good . 
  by the way is n't your border supposed to be closed ? 
  i still have n't been stopped once or seen any policeman when crossing between france and belgium . 
  is that part of your policy to encourage your terrorists to conduct operations against your neighbors ? 
   the french dared to criticize us for acting as far as i remember , i 've only heard people criticizing you for * not * acting ( or not acting fast enough , or efficiently enough , or whatever ) . 
   i doubt that people really take that to be my experience . 
  well i did , actually . 
  i do n't * really * care all that much , but i think you might have at least said it somewhere . 
   we hear about all the retarded student politics of british universities because the british press reports on them .
