  he 's a much less fucked-up candidate than le pen regarding racism , for one . 
  not sure about the rest of his programme to be honest , but he seems less bad . 
  ideally , i think the far-right electorate could very well split up between a more race and religion-oriented fn , and a sovereignty-oriented upr . 
  dupont-aignan ( dlf ) could also take a part of the more moderate far-right electorate . 
  but the weight of fn right now makes it not very likely , as many people will vote for it if only because it has chances to win , even if their ideas might be closer to one of the smaller candidates . 
   i highly doubt it 's supported by traditional french families well , `` traditional french families '' traditionally have quite a few children when they have enough money , like fillon who has five children . 
  it 's the less traditional , lower class and less rich families who do n't have as many children . 
  well , france only has two radical right deputies in parliament out of 577 deputies ( marion mar\u00e9chal-le pen and gilbert collard ) . 
  i think that counts as `` very small '' , but we can all agree that it 's not a good metric and does n't mean much . 
   i think anyone slightly interested in le pens christian-culture-peddling would just interpret him as rude . 
  and he is probably just pleasing those who are already annoyed by her christian-culture-peddling . 
  it also made at least * some * people ( among my friends ) realise that indeed , religion is taking too much space in the debate when they actually just do n't care about it . 
  all these things are too often presented as some kind of traditional christianism vs. islam issue , especially by le pen . 
  when actually , after thinking about it many people come to see it as an issue of religion vs. secular society . 
  but someone has to say it first , otherwise it does n't always come to mind . 
  the idea is to protect meps from possible retaliation by their own country for what they could do in the european parliament . 
  imagine a polish mep voting for something pro-abortion , and poland prosecuting him under a law banning pro-abortion things ( i 'm making this up , it 's just a somewhat plausible situation ) . 
  it would be good that he would get some protection to ensure he can act as an independent mep . 
  most of the time though , as with le pen now , they are legitimately prosecuted and their immunity is lifted by a vote at the european parliament . 
  i 'm rather pleased with how it works to be honest . 
   why does france even have parliamentary immunity ? 
  the european parliament , where marine le pen is , does . 
  it 's not especially france here . 
   i have to assume the support is either not high in this department ( i spend most of my time in the maine et loire ) the west is one of the least supportive places for le pen , so i think that 's the main explanation yes . 
  he got really much better at speaking compared to the campaign of 2012 . 
  back then it looked like he did n't really know how to say what he wanted to say , what he should say , etc. 
  i think he mostly learnt not to give a fuck , probably with seasoned syndicalists . 
  i mean comparing two nuts-2 regions . 
  nuts-2 as opposed to nuts-1 or nuts-3 regions . 
  yes , i understand , but we 're not talking survival-level agriculture here . 
  i think there is definitely some potential with interesting agricultural projects in the only equatorial climate region of the eu . 
  i know it does n't sound very modern , but i also do n't think any place can really work long-term without a solid enough agricultural sector , and besides that guiana would really benefit economically from not importing as much food from metropolitan france anyway . 
  though i guess , manufacturing parts of ariane there would be great too actually , and would probably create a complex economy with it . 
  yes , probably . 
  but there are people there now , so it would be more healthy for the d\u00e9partement to have at least a slightly higher level of development . 
  the government actually makes land available for development for very cheap to people with approved agricultural projects , in a controlled and rather reasonable way i think . 
  i think we can spare a small percentage of the wild land for the sake of local economy , as long as it does n't go too far . 
  and although i 'm usually quite critical of our government ( s ) i do trust it , especially the local administration of guiana , to do that the right ( but slow ) way . 
  his programme is based on the idea that large-scale ecological projects would help the economy , including overseas , create jobs at the same time as they would help with the environment . 
  he also has many ideas for society , so i 'm not sure what you mean with `` if your society is in shambles '' , ranging from universal full healthcare , to raising minimum salary , hiring more civil servants for education and health , and limiting maximum salaries . 
  well ... guiana has a gdp per capita comparable with west wales though ( i 'm comparing nuts-2 regions ) . 
  it 's lower ( 16 000 $ vs. 18 000 $ ) but it 's not like every place in the uk was incomparably richer than guiana . 
  even on the mainland apparently . 
  honestly , i think that comparison really does n't look good for the uk . 
   barely have 800.000 citizens you 're joking !, 
  there are less than 250 000 inhabitants there today . 
  800 000 is r\u00e9union , the most populated overseas d\u00e9partement . 
   and it seems to me that its because most people in french guiana are not ethnically french i 'm pretty sure that 's not the problem . 
  martinique and guadeloupe have less * white * people ( which are those you refer to as `` ethnically french '' i assume ) yet they are much richer than guiana . 
  i think that 's mostly just because guiana is not that economically useful yet , because it 's not a very hospitable place from a climate point of view , so tourism is n't really an option , which means less money for development , and since the territory is vast and covered with forest in a large part , it 's going to take time before it gets more `` useful '' . 
  he is from b\u00e9arn , so the south-west . 
  i think it 's a `` common '' accent in former occitan areas , as my old aunts from rural areas in limousin ( much further north ) had a very similar one . 
  he 'll be after the others , you know when his mother gave birth to him it took her eight days , and he was 4,9 kg . 
  she was 17 !, 
  he was never able to catch up to this . 
  ( that 's [ his real explanation ] ( https://twitter.com/philousports/status/849323859954323456 ) for being late at the debate ), 
  according to [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/william_the_silent ) it does come from the motto of william of orange ( but the became the national motto , which makes it not just the king 's motto today ) . 
  which came in turn from his cousin , who was french . 
   greece : the translation is literally correct but it 's kind of misses the point . 
  more correct translations would be : `` for the sake of liberty , fight or die '' . 
  since it 's my country 's i can not properly judge it . 
  actually that was also a kind of motto in france during the revolution ( _ la libert\u00e9 ou la mort _ ) . 
  the national motto was also at first `` liberty , equality , fraternity , * or death * '' . 
  i think it was rather badass . 
   belgium or france , where people just literally blocked ambulances on the highway really ? 
  i 've never seen that , and all highways have a dedicated emergency lane that is respected by drivers , so there 's no need to make way in the middle . 
  i 'm not sure . 
  https://depuis1958.fr predicts 86 % / 17 % chances of winning for m\u00e9lenchon vs. 
  le pen , but they do n't give the individual polls that lead to these numbers , so i 'm not sure where this comes from . 
  it kinda looks like a fighter jet headed towards greece . 
  well mayotte is also among the richest regions of africa ( 8th from what i can see , and r\u00e9union 1st , out of 55 ) . 
  it does n't mean much when comparing with the eu . 
  i 'm actually surprised that guyana is n't even in the 20 poorest regions of the eu . 
  mayotte has only been a d\u00e9partement and in the eu for a few years and its gdp is increasing fast now , so i think it wo n't stay at this place for very long even if the environment the island is in is n't exactly optimal . 
  do n't forget too fast that it was in retaliation for attacking nato members yourself , for no reason . 
  ( over * seas * . 
  outre * mer * ) remarks about '' * les confettis d'empire * '' , their cost , `` letting them go '' , and even calling them `` colonies '' are quite common , though like most of these things , it depends a lot on the social circles you take part in . 
  i have to say the media treatment they are getting lately has been a lot more benevolent than in the past , and i am pleased of that . 
  on `` transfers '' , indeed they are normal for us , but a lot of countries ( the more federal ones usually , which is understandable i guess , though for me they are missing the point of what a * country * should be ) see them differently . 
  but without judging too much ( yeah ok ... ) i think that 's because they are not having a thorough reflection on that , because if you 're whining at transfers between provinces , then what about between regions within your own province ? 
  what about towns within the regions ? 
  it 's impossible to have completely uniform wealth across any territory , so the only reasonable thing to do is see how things work long term , and it looks like what works best is being more inclusive and never neglect any part of the country , because you ca n't foresee the rise of transatlantic trade , sugarcane plantations , sugar beet , the industrial revolution , aeronautic and aerospace industry , or all the other new things which each time have completely changed the distribution of wealth ( in france , in this case ) . 
  sure , lille is n't really in this situation , in metropolitan france it would be more about picardie i 'd say . 
  if you take into account the whole of france , remarks that the overseas are dragging `` france '' down are very common . 
  once again , that 's forgetting that * they * made france rich once ( and picardie too ) and it might still happen again in the future , everyone has their era of glory from time to time , the world is n't static . 
  but there is indeed a big difference in that we do n't really discuss money transfers within france , we do n't even view them as transfers actually , and i think that 's already a big reason why there is less ( verbal , political ) violence between the french regions . 
  thanks , pretty normal talk from someone in a rich region about another formerly rich region that has become poor . 
  i 'm just going to say this attitude has never worked well in history , countries have only been successful when they had an actually * sense * of solidarity . 
  unity makes strength , all that . 
   first off , they are nationalists , not racists . 
  well , the fact is quite a few of their political representatives have been condemned for racist talk . 
  so most probably you 're now going to say `` not all of them are racists '' or `` i can find this one racist guy in this other party too '' , but that does n't make the fn any less racist . 
  it 's a fundamentally racist party that has shown time and again that it is still racist at its core . 
  raw amounts of money do n't do much for how people feel though . 
  the fact is , wallonia receives money , and flanders makes * really sure * everyone knows about it and that wallonia should be ashamed of it and they 're just dragging belgium down and they should do something instead of being lazy fucks paid by the hardworking flemish to sit on their asses in their rundown cities doing nothing but deepen the debt . 
  in fact , right now that 's kinda what you 're implying . 
  i was n't saying flanders should transfer more ( i ca n't judge that ) but that it 's something * completely normal * which actually should n't even be an important political topic . 
   people are desperate , the traditional walloon labour party ( ps ) has let them down well , maybe it 's also a case of the other half of their country letting them down . 
  the belgians i know are mostly flemish ( and westflemish since i 'm in lille ) and the treatment and general opinion on walloons that comes from flanders is pretty disheartening . 
  in this , it 's pretty similar to northern france indeed , in that wallonia and northern france both contributed a lot to the wealth of their respective countries during the industrial revolution , and are now mostly treated like shit by the rest of their country .
