  have you seen the flag next to the name of the guy to whom you are answering ? 
  i ca n't picture this happening in a latin country either , really . 
  `` parallel-viewing '' ? 
  how does it work ? 
  a few years ago i stumbled upon the wiggle 3d effect by chance while taking photos , i did [ a few ] ( https://ssz.fr/brdl/rocher.gif ) [ tries ] ( https://ssz.fr/brdl/bidons.gif ) but was n't very successful . 
  the post you are replying to seems rather accurate to me . 
   `` oh jesus christ '' / `` voi jeesus kristus '' do people in europe really say that ? 
  i 've heard `` oh my god '' said humorously , but apart from that i think people here would just say `` oh putain '' . 
  but yeah , asian cultures are quite different from europe , though i would n't say the difference is much larger than between europe and north america . 
  for some reason there 's no place where i have felt more lost and on my own than canada and the us . 
  but it 's cheap !, 
  no thanks , the taaf are fine as they are , no need to import more humans there when the main problem is that too many animal species have already been introduced . 
   it is crazy but most plugs in germany accommodate the crazy notion by having a hole in the plug and a side contact for the ground so they will work in both . 
  while most plugs in france accommodate your silly little side contacts by having troughs on the side . 
  i 'm still not sure which one i should prefer though ... 
  i mean , it * might * be important in some cases for an appliance to distinguish between live and neutral , i guess . 
  the highway companies * are * something we should do away with . 
  as with any private company their goal is to make money and they 'll use any means of making more of it , like shamelessly asking the government to pay them . 
  however , the state does n't pay for highway maintenance today . 
  you have to admit though that they are doing a good job at this maintenance . 
  as i often drive across belgium and in germany , i 'm always relieved when my wheels are back on our smooth roads without being stopped by roadworks every 25 kilometers , or needing to avoid potholes while being rocked on concrete roads like i was riding a train from last century . 
  i know them well . 
  while the highways there are very nice , i do n't think there 's a great difference with french ones ( except for being free of course ) . 
  i 'm not saying state-maintained highways are a bad thing , on the contrary . 
  however i 'm observing that our own state is not doing a very good job at maintaining the few freeways it is in charge of , while the private companies are . 
  on the other hand , we get really good highways in france . 
  compared to the state-maintained speedways , i 'm almost ok with paying our rather expensive tolls for the private highways . 
  of course , a better government would just maintain the highways adequately while not needing to make profits , so they * could * be as good as they are now , and cheaper ... 
  the whole coast of france has lots of beaches where loads of people swim , even the channel and the north sea have those ( with a bit less people though , of course ... ) . 
  but the general climate ( on land ) is n't that different , in that it does n't freeze that often in winter , does n't get too hot in summer either , and is quite rainy as well . 
  but parties were actually supposed to rely entirely on donations until somewhat recently . 
  now they receive public funds , but the allowed campaign expenses are higher than the public funding given to parties , and the only other allowed funding is donations by individuals , making it clear that donations are a part of the expected funding of parties in our system . 
  it 's no different for the other parties , their money does n't come from nowhere and the maximum donation amount is severly limited . 
  though the largest parties are of course able to do a lot of borderline legal things to accept more donations ( like pseudoparties and commercial structures that are legally unrelated to the main party , and the fn does that as well , and gets caught sometimes ) . 
  nobody has to do anything , but if the party you support needs money , it only makes sense to help it . 
  i give money to a party . 
   i dont like her ideas but 30 % of french do . 
  she shouldnt struggle . 
  she could ask money to her voters like sarkozy did though , or even emit bonds or something . 
  with 30 % of french voters backing her , it should be quite easy to find the necessary money : after all , it 's only around 2 $ per voter , max , with guaranteed payback after the election since she * will * do more than 5 % . 
  even if her electorate is n't the richest class in france , i 'm pretty sure at least 10 % of them could spare 20 $ for six months . 
  but maybe a large part of her voters are actually not that supportive of her party . 
   could be based on country of origin we already have this , though . 
   what if it turns out people of x ethnicity are being massively failed by the government ? 
  well if the government does n't even know the ethnicity of people , and since ethnicity does n't make people sick or uneducated ( yeah i know , some diseases can actually be tied to ethnicity , but doctors are of course not forbidden to act on this ) then i 'm pretty sure it 's not the actual reason these people are being failed by the government . 
  if the government does know their ethnicity , then either it might act according to ethnicity instead of the real root cause , or maybe it 's failing them on purpose in the first place . 
  i do n't think ethnicity ever is a pertinent information . 
  i 'm scared that my government might want to know my * ethnicity * , yes . 
  it 's supposed to work for me regardless of my skin color or country of birth . 
   he lost his mandate right away at the gay marriage . 
  he let those lunatic christians bully him . 
  he could n't have any credibility afterward . 
  is that how you took this ? 
  because in my opinion he held his ground and did n't give the bigots anything of what they were asking . 
  it was more thanks to taubira than anyone else , of course , but in the end he was the one who let her do it . 
  i 'm pretty sure i did n't hear about linn\u00e9 at school , though i 've learnt about him since then . 
  everyone should know about andersen for the little mermaid though , and maybe sibelius but then , not from school either ... 
  well that would be a good way to actually make it irrelevant , which is n't our goal . 
   the whole council is narcissistic and petty , but it always seems like the french are the only ones who believe they do n't have a reason to hide it like good little scummy politicians should . 
  you make our politicians sound more ... honest , than the others ? 
  i guess that 's a kind of compliment then ... thanks : o, 
  just to answer a bit to a few things here :  paris is just as expensive as london if you want to live in a good area ( and the dodgy areas are a lot worse than the dodgy areas in london ) as far as i know , there are also `` just normal '' areas of paris , pretty much most of the city , which are less expensive than the comparable areas of london . 
   you have to deal with a socialist party city government that tries to extract as much money from anyone who has it as possible . 
  local city taxes are cheaper in paris than most other large cities of france , and the mayor does n't have much power regarding taxation besides this one tax which is set low ( this is centralised france , mayors are just there to execute national laws ) . 
  this is a really baseless attack frankly . 
  i have never actually lived in paris for long , but street crime from gypsy scammers and pickpockets is only an issue for obvious tourists and only in the more touristy areas of the center , i do n't think you should be concerned about it if you 're going to do business . 
   francestronk !, 
  * francestrongue *, 
  i 'm pretty sure this only counts european coastline , because with polynesia , new caledonia and taaf , french coastline would be around 11000 km long . 
  well , except when it hurts the feelings of genocide victims , then you should still be able to speak freely . 
  apparently . 
  on the phonetic side at least flemish is closer to english , it sounds softer and less harshly germanic than dutch ( from a highly subjective french speaker point of view , of course , but i have quite a few friends from west flanders who always love to talk about how different they speak compared to the dutch , so i feel like i know a little bit about it ) but it 's most probably because they have both separately been influenced by french more than dutch has , than from any historical relatedness . 
  well , alain jupp\u00e9 ( the likely next president of france ) actually worked as a teacher in montreal after having been condemned in france in 2004 . 
  and jos\u00e9 bov\u00e9 has already been able to go to canada after his sentence . 
  so it 's not really obvious what changed for him not to be allowed in only today . 
  at the very least , canada is applying its rules only in some instances . 
  there 's more detail in french here http://www.lemonde.fr/international/article/2016/10/12/jose-bove-retenu-a-son-arrivee-au-canada_5012254_3210.html or here http://www.lefigaro.fr/conjoncture/2016/10/12/20002-20161012artfig00060-jose-bove-retenu-a-l-aeroport-de-montreal-sera-expulse-du-canada.php the reason would be that he participated in the dismantling of a mcdonald 's in 1999 . 
  even though he could enter canada in 2001 . 
  but judges work for the judiciary branch of the government , not * for * the executive or legislative branches that are controlled by parties . 
  the judiciary is * really * independent from the executive and legislative in france , that was the point . 
  their career does n't depend on the opinion of a party , nobody holds power over them and they are not named by the executive branch . 
   the only military fitted with combat-tested weaponry is the us pretty sure you 're forgetting at least russia and france here , and i guess you could talk about turkey and a bunch of middle-east countries but they are n't producing their own weaponry so it 's a bit different . 
  whining about a good decision because the `` same entity '' ( or two different people representing the same entity ) have also taken bad decisions at other times on tangentially related events is entirely improductive . 
  the justice system seems to be doing * something * for the justice for this girl , as this very article says , so not zero . 
  it 's not enough though obviously and everyone will agree , but then it 's always problematic to deal with influent foreigners , france or not . 
  she refused , he cornered her in the bathroom , strangled her , touched her , she defended by spraying water on him from the shower , and he masturbated ( not sure if it was in this order ? ) . 
  then someone else arrived and she managed to leave . 
   that is to say , that qataris are free to fuck service girls huh no , why would you say that ? 
  condemning the employer of a victim for firing them is in no way the same as saying their aggressor was right . 
   to fire them out it is not ok that 's not ok either . 
   i appreciate greatly the downvoting in this sub that 's most probably because you seem to be living in your own world , fighting against things that have not been said . 
  that 's not psychologically healthy for you in the long term , by the way . 
  in france you can get * awarded * compensation money for wrongful job termination . 
  this judgement is only indirectly related to the sexual assault , it 's about the hotel having fired the victim afterwards . 
  why the quotes around molested ? 
  the [ news in french ] ( http://www.challenges.fr/economie/agression-sexuelle-par-un-qatari-l-hotel-park-hyatt-condamne_429927 ) clearly say * sexually assaulted * without trying to make it sound less serious than it was . 
  not really though , some people apparently like to think that the normans were still very different by 1066 , but the reality is they integrated pretty quickly into france and a hundred years before william the conqueror came to england , they were pretty much already speaking french and basically french after decades of having ruled a mainly french population . 
  not unlike what had happened a few centuries before when the franks invaded france , actually . 
  that 's why the english language is very much influenced by the french language , and not by norse . 
   the us has historically been closer culturally and politically to the uk than any european nation ever has .
