  solidarity should go both ways , successful regions should contribute to the whole country and poorly faring ones should be helped , because you never know where will wealth and success come from next time . 
  they are people who are mostly not well politically educated , it just shows in every other sentence they say . 
  from `` le pen will make things different '' to `` melenchon the communist '' ( he is n't ) . 
  sadly , the modern medias and social bubbles enforced by facebook and google do little to help people educate themselves on these matters . 
  the proposed highest tax bracket is in fact 90 % , and allowing private companies and salaries even up to 360k $ is very uncommunist in the first place . 
  high taxes is just standard regulatory state , though he goes further than just that and has a * dirigist * stance , which is basically the model of pre-90s france , the currently successful asian countries , and most dictatures ( communist or not ) . 
   would n't being a member of an opposition party be undemocratic if we worked under that definition ? 
  after all , the people still voted for a certain government , so is everybody that does n't go along with it being undemocratic ? 
  i 'm pretty sure a better comparison would be * not recognising the democratically elected president as legitimate to represent france * . 
  that would be undemocratic , and that 's quite close to not recognising the democratically elected candidate as legitimate to represent your party . 
   their own jeremy corbyn who has been eclipsed by an actual communist the only communists running are nathalie arthaud and philippe poutou , and they 're not eclipsing anyone . 
  if you 're talking about jean-luc m\u00e9lenchon , he is very far from being a communist and i 'm not sure i can find even one part of his programme that could look somewhat communist . 
  the [ french article ] ( https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/jacques_cheminade#politique_spatiale ) talks more about it . 
  he wants to `` industrialise '' the moon , colonise and terraform mars if needed , and bring down travel time between earth and mars to 10-15 days , * via * the moon . 
  he is an advocate of thermonuclear fusion for propulsion . 
  colonising mars would take two or three generations . 
  dispatcher . 
  that 's an acceptable french word . 
   i do n't think he has any business negotiation the borders miles away from france . 
  that is up to the population of those areas that 's almost exactly what he said though . 
   pretty sure that `` all the means in their power '' includes the nuclear arsenal . 
  seems a bit more complicated to me , the nuclear arsenal is meant to be a deterrent , you ca n't `` assist '' anyone with it . 
  unless you mean nuking their own cities once they get invaded , at their demand . 
  i think the worst part of finland 's ranking is due to the insufficient information provided , [ according to the chart ] ( http://www.contraceptioninfo.eu/sites/contraceptioninfo.eu/files/map_cci-v5.pdf ) it is difficult for people to actually know how much it will cost them ( if at all ) and how to access it at all , and the government does n't even have a website about it . 
  if information is n't widely available , then only people from social circles which actually talk about contraception issues will know what to do . 
  the others will not know how , not know where , and probably not dare ask their parents either or might fear that their parents know about it . 
  hmm , i 'm receiving a message because my message is supposed to have been removed ( i still see it , but i guess it might be cache ? ), 
  because it linked to the daily mail , so i 'm going to host the graphic elsewhere : [ not france ] ( http://down.xn--wda.fr/2017-03-13/5atihkby0g.jpeg ) though , so this is probably an entirely separated matter . 
  also [ another graphic ] ( https://furthermusings.files.wordpress.com/2012/05/screen-shot-2012-05-09-at-8-29-11-am.png ) that does n't come from the daily mail . 
  not exactly , it 's a separated scheme from regular social security , but it 's still free ( and with easier and more anonymous access than regular healthcare ) . 
   are n't you missing french guyana and tahiti for france ? 
  i think they are longer than st-denise . 
  nope , flights to guyana are much shorter than to r\u00e9union , and flights to tahiti are not direct , they stop at los angeles . 
  it 's among the largest nuts-3 regions of the eu actually , too . 
  yeah , and it was actually the dutch who conducted many these projects ( it helped that they were more or less part of france at the time ) . 
  in my area we have some hollanders ' dykes , hollanders ' canals , hollanders ' polders and other hollanders ' things . 
  vineyards ? 
  maybe near champagne , but most of the green area there is just regular farms i think , their vineyards are n't that extensive . 
  and there are also forests , especially the landes . 
  [ this woman in particular ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/magdalenian_girl ) comes from dordogne though . 
  and yeah , i also see her looking more like central europeans than from the southwest . 
   is n't it sensible to continue updating them with the times updating for the sake of updating is n't always better though . 
  there was this movement in germany called '' [ entstuckung ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/entstuckung ) '' which was about turning [ the right-side fa\u00e7ades into the left-side ones on this picture ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/af/entstuckung.png ) . 
  the goal was n't to make them more energy efficient , more environment-friendly or anything , it 's only about being more `` honest '' or whatever that means by removing decorations . 
  so , sure you might prefer the left-hand one because it 's more modern looking , but in the end it really looks more soulless . 
  this old photo of bremen reminds me a lot of dutch/flemish architecture . 
  this could be the town hall on the grote markt/grand place of any town around here . 
  most cities today in germany though really do n't look stellar in my opinion ( though rothenburg is the most southern i 've been there yet ) . 
  it looks so blocky and like the 60 's definition of `` modern looking '' , functional with little decoration , i think it 's a shame : /, 
   support for the far right is negatively correlated with immigration it seems like this is n't true either for france . 
  there are high-immigration , high-fn regions ( the south-west and the east ) , low-immigration , high-fn regions ( the north ) , high-immigration , low-fn ( paris ) and low-immigration , low-fn ( the west ) . 
  and all these regions are significantly populated places ( unlike the south center which is largely irrelevant ) . 
  immigration just seems completely uncorrelated with far-right vote here . 
  it 's not that much correlated with [ urbanized areas ] ( https://www.insee.fr/fr/statistiques/graphique/1559976/pc_decim_012_figure3.png ) either , as both paris and marseille are completely urbanized but vote oppositely , and both somme and c\u00f4tes-d'armor are quite rural and vote differently as well . 
  i think the far-right vote , at least in france , is far too complex to be explained with such simple correlations . 
   his campaign was mostly based around the fact that he claimed he was honest unlike other politicians yeah , i find really ironic that the most vehement speeches you can find against what fillon did actually come from ... himself , in every interview , until a few weeks ago . 
  well , i guess he knew what he was talking about , at least . 
  people are politically motivated about a presidential election ? 
  i sure hope so , yes . 
   that beautiful white cream hello . 
  french guy here , if your mayonnaise is white you should n't be allowed to call it mayonnaise . 
  thank you for your understanding . 
  probably yes , the same way there are things that have only downsides . 
  it does seem strange , but i think it 's also a guarantee against a member state which would start prosecuting people for bad reasons . 
  like , if poland started prosecuting some of its deputies for voting favorably on some lgbt project ? 
  i think it 's nice that they would get some protection from the eu for that . 
  i think it has both downsides and upsides . 
   if she was n't on a path to get on the second ballot , would the eu remove her immunity and/or would the french prosecute yes , as has already happened with her in 2013 ( so not during any campaign ) as well as another mep of her party in 2011 , and before that in 2005 . 
  her father as well in 1989 , 1990 and 1998 . 
  it 's not limited to this party either , i think the eu parliament almost always removes immunity from deputies when it is asked by their country 's justice system . 
  which has never happened during a presidential election under the current universal direct suffrage system , but yes . 
  well he was on a roof 100m away , and there were probably a lot of people , so it 's not surprising to hit two people with one shot . 
  to be totally honest , even though i 'm never going to vote for le pen in a lifetime , i also do n't really appreciate foreigners telling `` me '' ( or us ) what we should vote . 
  i know many europeans did the same during your own elections ( though i would n't do that either ) and you mean well , but ... 
  i ca n't help but feel some annoyance when someone who is less concerned than me thinks he knows better what i should do than i do , you see ? 
  i 'm pretty sure some people would actually want to do the opposite of what they 're being told just out of spite . 
  sorry for answering your post in particular , i could have answered any of a number of other posts , i just felt the need to voice my slight annoyance at this moment a bit more than at other times . 
   they seem to speak in a rather informal manner ( at least what i watched ) ; not sure if that 's really what you mean , but there 's a large enough difference between written french and spoken french . 
  on tv , people will talk in a formal manner ( for spoken language ) compared to a normal conversation , but it probably does seem less formal than even casual written text . 
  even on / r/france comments are usually written a bit differently from what people would actually say ( though it 's still much more casual than normal written text ) . 
  people are n't really that aware of this difference though usually . 
  you can sometimes hear written french if you watch videos with very bad actors who read a prepared text , and it 's awful . 
  but any semiprofessional will speak differently than what would be written . 
  on the other hand , who else but the dutch would think about eating fries with mayonnaise ? 
  i mean , i understand that five times more people than your town mean five times more services . 
  but a 11 000 inhabitants town is n't some kind of gold standard for sizing populations , is it ? 
  i really has no meaning . 
  another kind of meaningless comparison would be to say that it means slightly more than one person for each french town , but like your comparison , it does n't actually give any better idea of the real meaning of the number . 
  they 're not going to move to a single medium town like yours , or to tens of thousands of different towns either . 
  the actual result is probably more something like , these 55 000 people will end up being about 1 % of the population of a handful of big cities . 
  which is actually insignificant , which is why your probably do n't hear romanian being spoken a lot in your town 's streets . 
  i might be wrong though obviously , that 's just how i observe things here in france . 
  there are about 200 000 new immigrants a year , and i do n't see the cities getting more crowded , because that is absolutely insignificant compared to the population that 's already here . 
  it 's also about a 20th the population of my town or 140 times my parents ' town , but how is it relevant ? 
  but i think this reasoning does n't really make a lot of sense , unless you 're adamant in having about 20 % of immigrants come from china and another 20 % from india , then a few percent from the us , indonesia , brazil and so on until the first eu immigrants are the 1.1 % germans then 1 % frenchmen ? 
  there 's just no reason at all for immigration to be correlated with world or regional population , and if you 're looking for this then as / u/irishsultan said the only solution is not to have any immigration . 
  because you 're never going to manage to have 20 % immigrants from china to begin with , which means every other country will see their own percentage of immigration increase by 20 % ( assuming they are all perfectly distributed ) which will mathematically put them above the percentage of world population they represent . 
  even with big margins of tolerance , linking immigration to world or regional population is just completely impractical and does n't make sense in my mind . 
  i understand your point , and i ca n't really find numbers actually for the origin of eu immigrants to the uk on precise periods ( there 's [ this ] ( http://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/624/cpsprodpb/15c0a/production/_89989098_newgraphic.png ) but it 's not for * new * immigrants on the period , and there 's no mention of bulgaria on it ) so it 's a bit complicated to be sure . 
  but is n't it the same case as with most statistics , that if you somehow ban or limit say romanian immigration because they are a `` disproportionate '' 28 % of eu immigrants , then the next nationality , let 's say portugal , will probably make up 20 % or 30 % as well of the remaining immigration , then the next one ( italy ?
