  over time , it dawns . 
  for the french , he has become a domestic figure : the bringer of order and rational progress to their people , the inventor of the civil code and the schools system . 
  they remember the father of the nation , not the prolific warmaker . 
  people absolutely do remember him as a warmaker , and not as a father of the nation . 
  he is remembered for the civil code , but i 'm pretty sure he is * at least as much * remembered for leading war against foreign aggression as for his internal reforms ( which were mostly just a continuation of what the republic had started ) . 
  i see . 
  i 'm sorry , i think you 're being downvoted by those proponents for saying the truth and seeing clear through their lies . 
  or maybe you 're just being contemptuous as i said , thinking you are morally above universal income proponents . 
   the people who support it only imagine themselves living without doing anything productive to society that 's factually wrong though . 
  can you pinpoint the last comment you saw from someone defending universal income because they wanted to live without doing anything productive ? 
  you can very well think that most people would n't do anything productive , but the people who openly support universal income ? 
  i have yet to see one of them saying they support it because they just do n't want to work . 
  i think your attitude is quite common and very contemptuous towards `` the others '' , which people like you see as inherently lazy and selfish . 
  in my opinion it tells more about you than about them . 
  even though i do n't think universal income is a goal we should have now , i find your reasons so condescending and disdainful that even though you 're saying you have * always * been a big proponent of the extreme left and anarchy , i 'm going to say that your * experience * with being a leader made you lean to the right by a comfortable margin . 
   universal income glorifies unemployment another view is that it glorifies freedom of enterprise by providing an effective safety net in case of failure and makes people more likely to take the risk of leaving their job to start what they like , because it effectively makes it riskless . 
  i do n't think he went into much detail . 
  the statuses of french-speaking wallonia and qu\u00e9bec are kinda sensitive , and they 're probably not the first partners we 'd be looking at , because flanders and english canada are kinda not very friendly and would see that as meddling into their internal affairs . 
  so it would most likely first be about west africa , which is more friendly towards france than the mediterranean former colonies today , and also probably the place that has the most to gain from a real , * honest * relationship with france ( as opposed to the current exploitation by large companies that benefits neither them nor us ) . 
  i 'm not sure how feasible this is , but i 'd like to try that . 
  these are only assumptions , i 'm not him and he does n't present the option of leaving the eu as very likely , but he 's been talking for a long time about how france is closer to the other countries bordering the mediterranean than to northern and eastern europe . 
  * edit * to make it maybe easier to understand , or at least give some context , he was himself born in morocco , to french `` settlers '' ( or at least children of settlers ) born in algeria , with spanish and italian origins , so he has an acute view of the relationship between countries on either side of the mediterranean ( i 'm not saying it 's not biased of course ) . 
  so i think the main goals would be to get spain and italy to take part in this plan ( which might not necessarily have them leave the eu ) probably greece as well , then i do n't know . 
  when he talked about this idea years ago , it looked like tunisia and morocco might become good partners for this as well , but honestly i 'm not exactly sure where they are now . 
  lebanon could also be one of the anchors at the eastern mediterranean , as one of the countries that are closest to france . 
  i 'm pretty sure switzerland , the uk and norway would be completely out of the equation . 
  more recently , maybe in reaction to the state of the mediterranean countries ( which might not have evolved as well as expected after the arab spring ) his discourse has been shifting towards a better integration between french-speaking countries , so maybe a union centered on francophonie would be more likely ( and i would support that with all my heart ) . 
   future war ( which would be possible with a dismantled eu imo ) once again , m\u00e9lenchon does n't want to dismantle the eu . 
  in the case of france leaving it ( a very remote possibility , since today there is a large majority in favour of being part of it ) then everything 's up to the majority of remaining countries . 
  really , i 'm very pro-eu , having a girlfriend in another eu country and all , but do n't try to make france responsible for whatever might happen if we left . 
  i do n't think the uk would be responsible if bad things happened today in the eu , the eu is entirely the responsibility of its willful members . 
  also , m\u00e9lenchon thinks war is completely out of question today in europe regardless of the eu , simply due to how our economies are tightly integrated to each other ( which came from the eec , then the eu , but does n't necessarily depends on the eu to go on ) . 
  i think i agree with him on this . 
   so why then even use the scenario of a `` frexit '' ? 
  because you can not weigh in negotiations if you have no * threat * . 
  if you say from the beginning that you do n't want to leave the eu , then any demands can be answered negatively with not consequence . 
   there is no `` keep going '' if france leaves oh , so now we just have to do whatever the 26 other countries and 85 % european citizens like , because they ca n't live without us ? 
  this kinda sounds like emotional blackmail to me . 
  too bad our politicians made wrong choices before we could even vote for them , well that 's life , we should n't try to make our own choices now because we have to make sacrifices , right . 
   so are we going to have a new union every 50 years when the french get bored with the old one ? 
  maybe . 
  we rarely keep even the same constitution for 50 years , you should know by now that france is n't a very politically stable country . 
  ( * edited * to match your edits ), 
  not sure why you 're talking about `` destroying the eu if everyone is n't following instantly '' . 
  nobody says the talks must have a restricted duration ( instantly ? 
  come on ) and you can also keep going without france if you like . 
  though according to m\u00e9lenchon , we would try to `` poach '' members of the eu to get them to be part of another union that would be closer to our ideas . 
  but if france wants something reasonable and you want france to stay in the eu , it only makes sense to agree with the demands . 
  le pen wants to leave the eu , she 's not looking for any agreement and she does n't want a special cooperation between european countries . 
  it 's just completely different , even the results , the end goal even in the case of m\u00e9lenchon leaving the eu , is different , since he does want some kind of union , just more socially just . 
   now the melenchon frenchies here come and act like your country is held hostage by the others and threaten to leave when they wont instantly change eu rules that were co-shaped by liberal french politicans for the last ~ 20 years . 
  but * being held hostage * is actually not far from the feeling that many people have when they think of the liberal french politicians that we have had for the last 20 years , indeed . 
  what 's difficult to understand with that ? 
  people do n't necessarily agree with the policies of their past governments , nor are they always responsible for them , some of the people who are voting now were not even born 20 years ago . 
   every time i see talk about gaining allies outside of the eu it 's from parties that are fundamentally anti-eu but put up a smoke-screen of wanting reform in order not to discourage potential voters . 
  m\u00e9lenchon voted for the treaty of maastricht though , so it 's rather difficult to argue that he 's fundamentally anti-eu . 
  i think the talk about allies outside the eu was more on the topic of france being a universal nation rather than just european ( which goes with his discourse on the overseas and how there should be more integration with the metropolitan territory and a better policy of developing them ) . 
  i 'm not sure though . 
   it was your choice though it 's a bit disingenuous to say that , man . 
  it was the choice of a government that is opposed to m\u00e9lenchon on this topic and who had to use a borderline democratic process ( the 49.3 thing ) to get this law passed , so ... yeah . 
  https://www.lepartidegauche.fr/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/plan-a-plan-b-adopt%c3%a9.pdf pages 3 and 4 mostly . 
  the mention of article 50 in particular was , if i recall correctly ( i 'm at work and ca n't listen to it again to check ) this sunday night at * [ on n'est pas couch\u00e9 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l4cwssuo3iy ) * . 
  that 's also , i think , where he said he would stand down in case of a referendum failure . 
   every time he has been asked what his plan b was , he evaded actually saying that he 'd leave the eu . 
  wait ... that 's his answer , how is it evading the question ? 
  but he has explained plan b in detail already . 
  from what i remember , that would entail first a referendum on leaving the eu ( and a resignation from him should the referendum fail ) , then activating article 50 and leaving the eu , the eurozone and schengen space . 
  after which , the plan would be to ( try to ) found a new cooperation with european countries , possibly with a new common currency . 
   the problem is that it 's just a threat that the others will see through immediately . 
  if he was serious about it , he would leave the moment he gets to the elysee . 
  hmm , i do n't see why you 're saying that . 
  the idea is that he * does n't want * to leave the eu , but that he is * completely prepared * to do so if he 's unable to make it change the way he wants . 
  it 's perfectly normal not to have the same idea of how the eu should change , however he 's working very hard to make sure his threats do n't look empty . 
  i think you can see proof that it works , in that many people see him as `` anti-eu '' when he really is n't `` against eu '' , but against its current policies . 
  yes , i 'm sorry i had not noticed your last sentence in your previous post actually . 
  i think we agree then  my initial point was mostly to tell you that he has indeed had jobs outside of politics ( and `` regular '' jobs , which is rather uncommon for politicians ) , not that it automatically makes him more ( or less ) fit for being a president either . 
  well ** i ** did n't present him as more experienced than macron or hamon though , i was just answering the `` no cabinet or job '' part . 
  though if you want my own opinion , i think he probably has more experience in * general politics * than macron ( maybe not hamon ) simply due to having been in politics since about the time macron was * born * . 
  m\u00e9lenchon was * a senator * while macron was still in primary school . 
  and he was a senator for * 18 * years . 
  more than macron 's total time in adult life . 
  now , maybe m\u00e9lenchon has less experience with being a minister , but he 's not running for minister anyway . 
  please , * ministre d\u00e9l\u00e9gu\u00e9 * is a cabinet position , maybe not as important as you 'd like , but it is absolutely one . 
  he 's also been a senator and a deputy . 
  for his pre-politics career , he started with being a corrector at a printing company , then worked at a clockworks company ( maty ) and a gas station ( no details on wikipedia ) . 
  he became a french teacher in 1975 , then journalist and then got involved in politics . 
   melenchon has never held a cabinet position nor had any job outside of politics . 
  what ? 
  he 's been a minister and a teacher before that . 
   this presidential poll also excludes people who are unsure hmm ... no , it does n't , why would you say that ? 
  but the results are still inaccurate of course , it 's only a poll . 
  my reasoning is the same for a poll saying that 49 % of the french see nato favorably : it 's not enough to be `` proof '' that a majority of french people support nato ( or do n't ) . 
  well , if you exclude a third of people , sure you can say that `` a majority '' think something . 
  that 's not true , though , a majority who have an opinion does n't make a majority . 
  ( * edited * to remove a misplaced word ), 
  your source shows that only 49 % of french people see nato favorably , and 47 % think france should defend nato allies in a military conflict . 
  that 's actually `` proof '' that not a majority of french people support nato . 
  edit : for a poll that is more on-topic , see [ here ] ( http://harris-interactive.fr/wp-content/uploads/sites/6/2015/09/hi_fr_nato_synthese_28mar08_fr.pdf ) . 
  in 2008 , 38 % of the french were favorable to re-joining nato . 
  slightly more than the 34 % opposed to it , but still far from a majority .
