  sociopathy is being antisocial . 
  the importance of society is stressed to pupils in france , but we call that `` civic education '' where in belgium for example they have `` moral '' courses . 
  you do n't have to bring up the idea of moral for respecting society and making it good . 
   betraying someones trust is not a moral issue ? 
  morality is universally human aspect . 
  that 's your claim , but obviously 40 % of french people do n't agree with you . 
  well basically , `` moral '' is a very vaguely defined thing . 
  we can usually fit issues in better categories than this vague moral thingy . 
  there are social issues , society issues , your post itself hints that it 's specifically a trust issue , for example . 
  moral usually has a religious aspect , or at least that 's how it 's often understood in france . 
  having an affair though , even for the majority of people who think it is wrong , is not wrong because of religion or because of general things , it 's wrong for very specific reasons of trust and honesty , of health as well , etc. 
  i think a common attitude would be to think that anything that is wrong is wrong for specific , explainable reasons . 
  maybe because it 's detrimental to society as a whole , or to individuals , but just being `` morally wrong '' is not a valid reason . 
  if you ca n't find a better reason , then it 's probably not wrong at all . 
   not a moral issue : 40 % i 'm pretty sure that 's the real interesting thing in this . 
  french people do n't really think it 's more or less acceptable than others . 
  they think it 's not a * moral * issue . 
  it 's an issue of trust , honesty , etc , but i think the point where we see things somewhat differently from many other countries , is we rarely think of things in terms of `` moral '' . 
   cities are mostly the same as each other . 
  in some places that 's true , but in france i 'd say most large cities have very unique identities , even just for their architecture ( just do n't tell me lille , strasbourg , paris and lyon look alike at all ) or their monuments and landmarks . 
  every large city has its own history mostly independently from the others . 
  countryside though , while i agree it can be nice to visit , * is * absolutely the same for large areas and , well , it has the disadvantage of being much more spread out , less dense in touristic activities , and not as easy to go to ( you need to have a car , to begin with ) . 
  for my part i prefer countryside vacations though , but i do n't think your view on cities is accurate . 
  no , the white was at the time we still wanted to keep the king . 
  to bad for him , he behaved like a moron and got himself killed , but the flag was already there . 
  the motto does n't have any link to the flag or the colors . 
  it used to have four parts anyway . 
  using the fleur de lys for france today is kinda like using the union jack for the us though , or the swastika for germany . 
  it is recognizable , sure , but it 's mostly the flag that we fought against . 
  actually you can be an actor in some of the spectacles too , i played a viking once , it was nice, 
  ... hurt ? 
  i do n't think that 's how they were supposed to be used . 
  or i 've been using toilet brushes wrong my entire life : o, 
  i do n't feel the need for it , just pointing out that on this picture you can see where the border is , while in some other places you ca n't . 
  like say [ here ] ( https://www.google.fr/maps/@50.7205542,2.8399109,3a,75y,235.17h,83.86t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1slusngpld-djn5vumzydytg!2e0!7i13312!8i6656 ) , to the left is france , to the right is belgium . 
  well at least you can see that you 're crossing a border thanks to the square posts . 
  there are quite a few places between france and belgium where i 'm never sure when i 'm crossing the border . 
   the taste of calcium if very annoying hmm ... 
  i like it though . 
  and i live in [ the red area north of france ] ( https://juliahomeopath.files.wordpress.com/2014/03/screen-shot-2014-03-30-at-23-16-02.png ) , the best i can find to compare is [ this map of germany ] ( http://www.tab.de/imgs/101843715_5fde98277d.jpg ) ( 22 \u00b0 dh = 40 \u00b0 fh so germany seems to be about a step above france ) . 
  i like my tap water better than where i used to live before , in the west . 
  and i never ever heard of anyone suffering from nausea because of it . 
  you 're not a french minority though , so maybe let them complain if they wish . 
  for now , they do n't and it looks like they do n't need a foreign white knight to save them from having their language optional at school . 
  well , corsicans did complain , and now corsican is mandatory in corsica , which is fine . 
   your comment is the personification of french arrogance . 
  i 'm pretty sure a foreigner like you coming to tell us what we should do is much closer to what i would call `` arrogance '' . 
  you do n't even have significant minorities so what gives you a right to tell us what to do , really . 
  yes , and they can . 
  so i 'm not sure what you want more . 
   i do n't think people in general are aware of the great loss that it meant for their country . 
  i do n't know . 
  many people would instead tell you that we are aware of how it made france and french culture powerful and successful , actually . 
  most people are very much aware of how we built to french nation . 
  compare to the culturally divided countries around us ? 
  spain , belgium , maybe the uk ? 
  we do n't really look up to these countries . 
   you could still teach the existing ( and extinguished ) linguistic diversity of your country , how they evolved , their importance ( occitan was the language of the trouvadors in the middle ages , for instance ) , and general respect for other languages and minorities . 
  huh ... but we do . 
  i grew up in a place rather far away from any important minority ( close to the heartland of french culture to begin with , and mostly depopulated during the revolution on top of that , then repopulated during a time when minority oppression was much tougher than today ) and we learnt about the history of breton and brittany , the langue d'oc / langue d'o\u00efl thing , about the basques , alsace , about the flemish north . 
  these are all part of france 's history and culture , but it does n't mean we have to learn all these languages . 
   for the moment we are occupied to try to get nantes again in brittany . 
  pls no , it 's the only real city that 's near us in vend\u00e9e . 
  though i would n't be against a complete fusion or brittany and pays de la loire . 
  well , making them mandatory would be quite a big step so it 's a bit too much for now . 
  also , technically the languages you learn at school in france are n't called `` foreign '' but just your first and second `` living languages '' , so regional languages have their place there . 
   greater inability and unwillingness of older french speakers to adapt to learn dutch than vice versa . 
  that french superiority feeling still has n't passed completely . 
  do n't jump to conclusions too fast though , i 'm quite sure that speaking a romance mother language makes it more difficult for people to speak a germanic language correctly than the reverse ( and french might even be the worst with its lack of both stress and vowel length significance ) . 
  not just technically difficult because of lacking sounds , but somehow weird because the flow and harmony of sentences that are a core part of romance languages are just completely different in germanic languages , and it 's not easy to accept violating that in order to speak them . 
  for some reason , i think most germanic speakers are more willing to accept saying words in a non-perfect way , which is the most important thing for speaking a foreign language . 
   our new football fa chairman is monolingually french and many south of the border think that 's ok , but a monolingually dutch chairman would be absolutely unthinkable well , do you think `` many north of the border '' think that it 's ok that this guy only speaks french ? 
  my flemish friends do n't seem to agree . 
  your two halves are not actually as different as you might think , other than language-wise . 
  obviously , but it does n't mean i should n't provide a real answer . 
  that was to show how paris ( blue/red flag , more generally representing the people , as opposed to the government at versailles ) was now in power , controlling the king ( white flag ) . 
  unfortunately the king behaved like a moron and got himself killed a few years later , but we kept the flag . 
  what about pain au lait then ? 
  pain de mie ? 
  the truth is , `` pain au ... '' or `` pain de ... '' does n't have to be actual `` pain '' , just like a pomme de terre or a pomme de pin does n't have to be a pomme . 
  there are at least three different versions of tgv interiors though . 
  the oldest ones are grey and the most comfortable , then there was a very colorful version with hard seats , and i think the latest is less colorful and more comfortable again ( though still not as much as the oldest ones ) . 
  i might have forgotten a few though . 
  yeah , the normal operating speed is between 270 and 320 km/h depending on the lines . 
  all these victories are `` just '' liberating portugal after it was invaded though , are there more meaningful victories for the anglo-portuguese alliance ? 
  i 'm afraid most people do n't understand most other european languages though . 
  so while you might be ok with watching romanian tv , i 'm not sure i or anyone i know would be interested in foreign channels . 
  it 's great that hungarian or latvian tv might be cheaper than french one , but i 'm not going to learn these languages for cheaper tv . 
  maybe belgian or german tv would be nice for me , but they 're actually already available from my provider ( for a surcharge ) . 
  i 'm in the same case . 
  i can actually barely connect to belgian operators from where i am , so i guess ideally my phone should have a `` prefer roaming when possible '' option or something so i could roam at home , but still connect to french networks when i 'm farther from the border . 
  or you can just switch providers every few months . 
  i guess it 's a bit of a hassle , but really not that much , there 's a simple standard procedure in france for doing that and keeping your number , too . 
  i have no idea where you 're coming from with your 100 000 subscribers thing . 
   therefore as you can only get subscription revenue from a maximum of 100,000 subscribers it is easier to cover a small country of a few million with that limited revenue than a large country with 50m + that does n't explain the difference between large france and small uk ( with the same population ) large poland and small czechia . 
  or similar belgium and netherlands . 
  so ... with my respect , you 're looking at it the wrong way . 
  actually i think he measured that going through the paris-valence-n\u00eemes-barcelona route . 
  that 's about 1000 km , which comes down to 3h42 minutes at 270 km/h . 
  just 3 hours if the line were upgraded to the lgv est standard , 320 km/h .
