   offering to legitimize their annexation of crimea why not though , * if the crimean people vote in favor of that * ? 
  just out of some primary anti-russian sentiment ? 
  because it seems to me that this is your only reason . 
  ( * edit * , sorry i had missed the last part of your post , and i thought i could answer fast enough but you had replied to me already   whatever `` fair '' referendum would be proposed would have it 's result predetermined well , that 's a kinda shitty thing to say , since if the result is predetermined it 's by definition not fair . 
  which is why the only means to make it fair is to organised it in a reasoned way , within the framework of an international conference and a fair control , instead of showing big guns and making the process biased both for and against russia , involving only actors with vested interests in the outcome . 
  so you 're basically saying a war against russia is the only possibility ? 
  to prevent crimeans from joining russia . 
  it looks like no one is pushing for that though , and i 'm clearly not in favor of it for my part . 
  but what matters in my post is n't whether m\u00e9lenchon is right or not . 
  i 'm explaining that * he says he is going to do something about it * unlike the post i was answering to said . 
   and yet he has repeatedly refused to do anything about it . 
  about what , though ? 
  if you 're thinking about the crimean situation , he has talked about organising an international conference with all the concerned countries . 
  he has also said several times that crimea is n't fundamentally more ukrainian than russian ( which is quite true from a historical point of view ) and that a fair self-determination referendum ( implying that the one that took place under russian control was not fair ) would be needed to decide on that . 
  that seems like * something * to me . 
  on the other hand , what we usually hear is that we have to take a tough stance against putin ( hamon even saying something akin to `` when you want to talk with putin , you better have big guns with you '' ) which , i 'm sorry , is really shortsighted because it does n't * resolve * anything , only drags on issues , delaying them and keeping the involved people in some kind of suspended state which benefits nobody . 
  honestly though , you do n't * have * to do it like this . 
  i 'm going to barge in with my french arrogance and superiority , but while most countries do keep their overseas territories under some shitty semi-autonomous status , i think the way we do it works well enough . 
  french guiana is a bit of an exception because it 's in a really bad place ( bad for industry , agriculture , tourism , infrastructure in general ) but the caribbean islands ? 
  people do complain about the expensiveness of some products , cost of life , etc , but they 're not corrupt , only have anecdotal independentist or autonomist movements , people do n't complain about colonialism and have about medium gdp compared to the mainland d\u00e9partements . 
  and people know about them , they 're not considered as unknown faraway places , most people have probably been or know friends or family who have been on vacation in martinique or guadeloupe ( or r\u00e9union , though it 's not in the caribbean ) . 
  i think it 's mostly down to political will and an attitude of inclusiveness from the people whether your overseas are shitty places abandoned to their own device or equal divisions within your country . 
   shifting the blame for pro-business policies on the european union pretty sure he does n't * shift * the blame on the eu , but distributes it between the eu and the french political class , with more weight on the french side of things , as he talks a lot about how hollande and his government often implement eu directives in a more economically liberal way than it was asked . 
  he mostly talks about the eu as an enhancer of the `` natural '' liberal tendencies of the french political class ( supposedly corrupted by its closeness with rich company owners ) when it should ( in his words ) instead protect the eu citizens against them ( hence the renegociating stuff ) . 
  i think you might only get in contact with the arguments that are the most against the eu because you 're outside of france and they are the only points that concern you and your media . 
   nobody eats nails in france ** s ** nails . 
  well , i do . 
  i also used to hunt them with my dad and my grandpa , then put them to fast and all that , before my mom could cook them . 
  i 'm not very fond of them though , it 's mostly for the associated memories . 
  it 's not an everyday dish , but it 's quite wrong to say that nobody eats snails in france . 
  stats say that 16 000 tonnes of snails are eaten ( or at least , sold ) in france per year , which is about 400 grams per adult per year . 
  discounting the many people who find them disgusting , that 's more than one plate per year . 
   what did he get wrong ? 
  smoking is forbidden in restaurants and people generally dislike accordion . 
  did you mean / s ? 
  the fn has had ties to nazi sympatizers since the day it was created . 
  i do n't think anyone will actually be surprised to hear that it is still the case . 
   there has been little to no pointed antagonism there 's the deliberate choice of an ambassador that has equated the eu with the ussr and implied he intended to break it up , for example . 
  if that does n't count as antagonism , i do n't know what does . 
  people from her party are usually the most adamant for using he masculine ( or neutral depending on your point of view ) version of titles . 
  so i think she might go for `` madame le pr\u00e9sident '' , if by chance she was elected ( which seems unlikely in any scenario for now ) . 
   i thought you spoke french because of the flair . 
  i do . 
  i 'm just saying this does n't explicitly mean leaving the eu or even the eurozone . 
  if i recall correctly , one of the early suggestions for plan b was to make the french central bank print euros disregarding cbe policies , thereby actively undermining the eurozone while staying inside it . 
  controling movement of goods between france and the rest of the eu is along the same lines , and does n't directly involve leaving the eu . 
  it 's rather sly , since the eu itself or its members do n't have the power to exclude another member ( as far as i remember ) , you can actually undermine it from the inside and i believe that 's what is outlined here rather than a straight exit . 
  it may even be possible to phagocytise it , so to say , by embarking other eu countries in this venture . 
  i 'm doubtful this would work , though . 
  he does n't have a constitutional right to leave the eu without a referendum or a 3/5 parliament vote . 
  by the way , your link does n't actually involve leaving the eu , it looks more like resisting from the interior . 
   a `` progressive '' taxation system does n't mean a system that has lots of narrow tax brackets . 
  please , i 'm not stupid . 
  a taxation system with more brackets is more progressive . 
  in any progressive system your average rate is of course below your top marginal rate , but within these , those with more and correctly spaced brackets are more progressive than the others . 
   he is obviously framing the 75 % rate as a punishment only because it 's so out of the line from the others , i think . 
  and i think he 's only mentioning the american high rate to show that this has already existed ( though we know that the 95 % bracket only applied to one person , so it 's kinda pointless in our context ) . 
   not necessarily a referendum , melenchon can pull out without referendum if `` negociations will fail '' modifying the constitution ( which says `` france is part of the eu '' ) needs a 3/5 majority from the parliament , or a simply majority at a referendum . 
  so i do n't think anyone can just pull out if they want to . 
  good , let 's go into the details then . 
   un syst\u00e8me d'imp\u00f4t o\u00f9 on passait de 45 % \u00e0 75 %  * a taxation system where one goes from 45 % to 75 % * so he is against * such a large step * , not the rate at the highest bracket . 
  his current programme talks about going from 5 different brackets to 14 different brackets , which would effectively make it more progressive and avoid such a large step . 
  which seems consistent with what he said . 
   he has been a eurosceptic his entire political life . 
  like when he voted for maastricht ? 
  no , it was absurd because it was n't a supplementary tax bracket but a completely separate tax kicking in at an arbitrary level , and therefore having an important threshold effect ( with people earning more potentially ending up with less money ) . 
  and for no obvious reason . 
  his proposal is simply integrated into the current income tax scheme , which seems like an obvious way to do it . 
  wait , wait , did you actually read what he says in your link ? 
   * this tax is n't very intelligent - because it 's a tax [ implying , a separate tax , rather than something integrated into income tax ] - it should be a supplementary level in income tax * and his current programme is ... wait for it ... adding a level to income tax . 
  yeah . 
  that 's what he said in 2013 . 
  just to be clear , he was an investigation on those who are responsible for * allowing * the purchase . 
  so , french politicians . 
  to determine if they had interests in this or if they were independent and honest in their decision . 
  he 's also not talking about jail ( obviously ) . 
   full blown communist but communism means abolishing private property . 
  especially * full blown * communism . 
  i know m\u00e9lenchon is radically more socialist than the other big candidates , but it does n't mean people should muddy up everything by calling him communist when his programme and his speeches do not correspond to any communist ideal . 
  high income taxes is by definition not communist , since it means people can have high incomes . 
  if anything , you could call him a socialist with some communist leanings , i guess ? 
  that 's far from being a full blown communist . 
   about the changes to the constitution , i heard that macron also wants to change the system . 
  is that true ? 
  nope , macron has never been in favor of a constitutional change . 
  he talks a lot about `` changing the system '' ( as do all of them , even fillon ) but his actual propositions do not change the current organisation of the republic . 
  i 'm of course a bit biased , but i 'm pretty sure he represents a kind of continuity , moving towards the center , after hollande . 
   is any other candidate willing to change france to a parliamentary system ? 
  it 's part of hamon 's programme ( and montebourg which was hamon 's opponent during the primary ) . 
  i think they are the only two presidential candidates in favour of that . 
   this kind of politics does n't work and has always failed for france . 
  it 's a weird comment , because france has never done this kind of politics within the eu . 
   and how is his russia stance ? 
  just to be factual and downplay a little bit the `` putin is m\u00e9lenchon 's idol '' we usually hear on this topic , what he actually said about putin :  je combats absolument sa politique et si j' \u00e9tais russe , je ne voterais pas pour son parti mais pour mon camarade du front de gauche russe , qui est en prison something along the lines of :  i am absolutely opposed to his policies and if i were russian , i would n't vote for his party but for my russian left wing comrade , who is in prison however , he thinks that taking a strong military stance against russia wo n't help on anything but make russia take a stronger stance in turn , and that in the end the only way to get out of this spiral is to conduct talks among all the concerned actors and countries in the area . 
  well , maybe the words in english are a bit different , but `` national-lib\u00e9ralisme '' is what we use in france to designate that . 
  not sure about which word order should be used in english . 
  oh of course i know there are other organisations , and maybe there are better options besides alba , i 'm not an expert on south america . 
  aladi/laia though is also a common-market , free-trade oriented association , so not really applicable here because there 's already the eu . 
  france is already an observer in the ibero-american summit . 
  it 's intended for former spanish and portuguese territories , so france 's observer status actually comes from roussillon , franche-comt\u00e9 and flanders being former spanish territories ( which is also the reason for belgium and the netherlands having that status ) .
