  wait , every time i boarded a train that was going to london or a ferry across the channel i had to show up an hour early , show my passport and answer questions from uk customs , did i just miss the passport-less entry door or something ? 
  the world is n't as binary as you make it seem . 
  you can believe in a set of universal principles , and that you should do as romans do for the rest of things that do n't get in conflict with the principles you deem universal . 
  that 's the behaviour of most people , too . 
   a whiff of the irritation felt in france comes in an article in le monde newspaper ( in french ) , provocatively titled `` how the british bought their medals '' . 
   the headline perfectly encapsulates a perennial french beef against the brits : that their world is built around commercialism and a deeper understanding ( certainly than the french have got ) about the power of cash . 
  while i do care a little about gb and i 'd obviously would have liked them to have less medals than france , this line seems a bit misguided as the [ quoted newspaper article ] ( http://www.lemonde.fr/jeux-olympiques-rio-2016/article/2016/08/20/comment-les-britanniques-ont-achete-leurs-medailles_4985405_4910444.html ) is actually only quoting in turn a british researcher . 
  the rest of the le monde article seems to agree with the bbc piece in every point . 
  except for the doping accusation which the bbc apparently prefers just ignoring . 
  so we seem to have here a british newspaper moaning about french newspapers while agreeing with them , basically . 
   no one 's afraid to go anywhere . 
  go at the promenade in nice now . 
  full of people . 
  some people really are though . 
  if you do n't know any that 's good for you , but if you had to convince your grandma every other week that no , you probably wo n't get killed going to the beach today , and no the festival next week is not an especially unsafe place to be either , you might understand the argument . 
   who the hell wants a hollande vs sarkozy : round 2 anyway ? 
  sounds like some kind of nightmare . 
  but actually , i 'd prefer that a lot to hollande/sarkozy vs le pen , because i would feel less guilty not voting at all in this case . 
  i mean , both are incompetent morons , but they 're still not on the same level as le pen , whereas i would feel somewhat forced to vote against her if she was there at the 2nd round . 
  and i might hope that many people would think the same , and that having more than 50 % abstention would ... do something ? 
  maybe ? 
  please ? 
  so because the place is corrupt , you should get impunity when reporting crimes that never happened ? 
  yeah , seems logical enough to me . 
  is n't that entity called russia or something though ? 
  i wish latin would become the neutral , international language . 
   great food and culture . 
  you only get great things if you actually get angry , whine , and act on it as soon as anything is not great enough . 
   i am born in sweden , and `` being swedish '' is almost a bit of a slur here ( this is my feeling atleast ) . 
  there certainly is a swedish culture , but to me it is like us swedes are trying to deny it and supress it this would n't explain the phenomenon in france though , as `` being french '' is not a slur in the mainstream french culture that french people are n't trying todeny and suppress . 
  however , your feeling might very well be influenced by the environment you grew in and maybe in actual mainstream swedish culture people do n't think of `` being swedish '' as a slur . 
  i could very well imagine that , and in france as well . 
  it 's very easy to be caught in your own bubble without even realising that most of the rest of society is quite different ( and * that * is the real cause of many problems of our societies , i think ) . 
  and even for mundane things , like those french people commenting on the `` how many kisses map '' saying they have never heard about people kissing 3 or 4 or whatever time and thinking the map is wrong . 
  is that some kind of ... gravel beach ? 
  i understand the need for chairs now , and why people keep sandals on at the beach . 
  beaches are n't a limitless resource , and we all know what happens to the commons in a free market . 
  the usually mention citizenship ( s ) , country of birth and place of residence . 
  i think that 's more than enough . 
  what does that have to do in any way with the current situation where academics are being persecuted ? 
  turkey also never got anywhere close to eu membership , do n't believe everything british `` newspapers '' say . 
   i 'd accept some loss of gdp so that we 're not apart of the ever-federalising eu english is n't my native language so i might be understanding that wrong . 
  but do n't you mean `` a part '' rather than `` apart '' which is supposed to mean the exact contrary ? 
  i 'd like to add that vat makes up more than half of france 's tax revenue , so it is the most important tax , and everyone pays it regardless of whether they are rioters or not . 
  you mean the consequences of the instability created by us actions ? 
   why should americans and brits send their sons and daughters to fight for latvia the idea is that it 's better to have americans or brits die in latvia in a war that destroys latvia than to have them die later in the uk in a war that destroys the uk . 
  you 're kinda part of the expendable march of europe . 
  it 's common in rural france as well to only have water and electricity ( these are the absolute minimum though , all places have them unlike the more rural us parts ) . 
  my hometown still does n't have sewers as far as i know , though a few years ago it was supposed to happen sometime soon so maybe it 's been done since , and gas wo n't ever happen , this is something that 's only for real cities . 
  they also fuck up the streets when installing sewer , gas or fiber lines , so i 'm not sure all of this is directly related to romania . 
  same for politicians saying they 'll do something and not doing them , really . 
   he does not have the agreement of the parliament he somewhat does because all the spineless morons there have failed to vote on the * motion de censure * against him . 
  so in effect , he does have the agreement of the parliament . 
  senate thankfully has no say in the makeup of the government , and the citizens never have had either . 
  i honestly think that at the core , it is the very position of prime minister that we should get rid of . 
  the guy has two much power with so little accountability . 
  it works fine with a strong president and in a way i like having two people at the head of the country that can more or less handle the same affairs if need be . 
  but the current situation shows that when you get the wrong people there , it works like shit . 
   i voted for a socialist who was going to change how the financial world rule this world and i got a war monger who started 2 wars and put a bankster as our economist in chief . 
  trust me i really understand this very well . 
   we need a new republic , and it 's going to happens sooner or later , so why wait any longer ? 
  i have no wish for the 5th republic to last any longer . 
  but with the current crop of politics and their rich friends controlling the medias , i do n't see it ending anytime soon , not in a peaceful way and not in a violent way either because the citizens ' attention is being diverted from the fact that the whole politics class is corrupted and deserves little more than feeding a guillotine . 
  i 'm commenting on the `` state of emergency '' disposition itself and not how the current government is ( ab ) using it though . 
  for one , 49.3 has nothing to do with state of emergency . 
  in addition , there has never been a large separation between executive and legislative in france . 
  though the senate has shown just today that there still is one , right ? 
  now , i firmly believe that state of emergency is not meant in any way for the current situation . 
  but in itself , i think it 's a rather well thought law , that is reasonable relative to the kind of threat it is supposed to be applied to . 
  some other countries would readily rely on * \u00e9tat de si\u00e8ge * , suspending their constitution or even martial law in these circumstances , when we are just granting a few `` facilities '' to the executive for dealing swiftly with a threat . 
  does n't change anything to the fact valls and hollande ( just like all other mainstream politicians would , do n't make the mistake of thinking others would be less bad ) are greatly abusing the power we have granted them though , indeed . 
  state of emergency does n't suspend the constitution though . 
  it mostly removes * some * of the barriers between executive , legislative and judiciary , in a rather reasonable way , but it does n't have anything to do with the constitution or changing anything fundamental . 
  in france only the executive chooses to go to war or not anyway , they do n't need to ask anyone else , hence the wars in libya , mali and car in these last years . 
  bombing tunisia would be the most absurd thing to do ever . 
  you want to create stability in the world so the people who live there want to stay there , instead of bombing the shit out of them so they have to move out * and * making them hate you . 
  yes . 
  well to be completely frank i think some kind of revolution might be needed . 
  creating discontent towards just one part of the wholly-corrupted/irresponsible political class while sparing the others though achieves nothing towards that , on the contrary it creates the illusion that real alternatives and saviours might exist somewhere else in the current political system . 
  but they do n't , so i think generating discontent towards the whole political class is best for now , to create more incentive at imagining a new system . 
   it 's still well-deserved it is !, 
  * but * i think blaming specifically hollande and valls is a really bad way to achieve anything . 
  you said it yourself :  hollande and his clique do n't have the french at heart . 
  nor do most of french politicians . 
  the only responsible criticism should be to blame the political class * as a whole * and demand a real shift in how politics is handled . 
  instead of that , we 're just blaming the current government , involuntarily giving legitimacy to their opponents when everybody knows that they would be just as incompetent in reality . 
  when the government changes , we 'll keep doing the same and just switch who is being blamed . 
  this is n't leading to anything positive . 
  i do n't see how that 's relevant , they already have their own national armies which they entirely control - unlike a hypothetical eu army . 
  i live in lille ( european capital of culture in 2004 ) and lived in nantes as well ( green capital in 2013 ) . 
  both bids led to interesting events during the summer of the first year , and both led to the establishment of several recurring events that still happen every year to this day . 
  in lille several unused/abandoned places got transformed into museums and event venues that are probably among the most interesting places for locals today ( though less interesting for tourists from elsewhere ) . 
  in nantes i 'm less aware of what happened later as i left just the year after , but this summer i am actually seeing adverts in lille by the city of nantes for `` le voyage \u00e0 nantes '' which was the name of the recurring summer event ( that existed before the green capital bid but under which the events happened ) so i 'm guessing the spirit is still there . 
  i know at least several of the 2013 installations are still there and still attract tourists . 
  all in all i really think those two bids had a great influence on both cities . 
  png should looks better than either gif or jpg for screencaps fiy ( with a smaller filesize too ) if your program allows it, 
  french people never expect anything from anything , so achieving anything is always a good surprise for everyone . 
  ftfy . 
  i do n't know , i think the british ( or similar cultures ) have a tendency to consider a lot of people as `` not white '' as long as they do n't like them or just find them `` different '' enough , but not necessarily on skin-colour grounds . 
  like the anglo canadians with quebecers , the british with the irish , and the us americans with spanish or other southern europe people .
