  the way the word is used in the news implies that a fanatic is also willing to take extreme actions . 
  or maybe the word fanatics is used when there is not enough prove to call someone an extremist , dunno . 
  that or i am reading the wrong news outlets ( reddit !, 
  show me better news outlets , damnit ! ), 
  maybe i see a fanatic as someone who is willing to ignore the position of the other , to deny someone their humanity and thinks they have the holy right to kill . 
  what you describe is merely someone who is religious . 
  as an atheist i have no problem with that . 
  would you have a problem with the dalai lama or the karmapa ? 
  true , fanatics can feed on the position of the pope and the church in general - but that does not mean he agrees with it . 
  there are also people who say they murdered because a moviestar came to them in their dreams ... 
  i would have called bild an infestation , would that have been more acceptable ? 
  terrorists fight against the establishment , they are not part of it . 
  my grandfather was , during wwii, 
  lets wait for him to kill someone first , will ye ? 
  ahum :  [ scotland 's child poverty levels so severe teachers are sent advice on spotting malnourished students ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/education/education-news/scotlands-child-poverty-levels-so-severe-teachers-are-sent-advice-on-spotting-malnourished-students-10495873.html ) a little milk would be welcome i would say - even without being a hippie/hipster marxist . 
  ad some stone leaves and chicken bones to make it look real . 
  and the link says : http://.../swedish-captain-shames-reproducing-couple a totally different message i would say . 
  thanks for my first lesson , 
  is it that bad ? 
  laws of hospitality ? 
  if you eat their food you have to stay ? 
  you do n't say :-), 
  and we do not exclude anyone . 
  come on in , there is enough racism for all of us . 
  we 've got the whole world ... 
  til the danish have the weirdest spelling . 
  and i thought about learning it so i have like a more complete set ( dutch + english + german + i can understand the dialect in north of the netherlands near germany + maybe danish - only frisian is missing then ) sigh - now i am not so sure ... 
  construction in berlin is a booming business atm - it used to be that polnish people were hired by a subcontractor ( because : plausible deniability ) and set to work , now there are cheaper people on the market i would think, 
  if you mean the hostile response here on reddit , then they are probably/mostly americans . 
  there they still have a huge problem . 
  - if you are not part of a religious group you have problems that we not have in europe . 
  for instance : you do not have access to certain support structures because they are organized by congregations instead of by the government - or that is what i have come to understand . 
  - and there seems to be some real live discrimination as well . 
  i 've heard you can not be in politics and openly say you are not religious for instance . 
  maybe someone from the us can chime in on this . 
  you are in r/europe - a lot of people here are atheist since generations ( my family at least since grandparents and my children are also atheist ) i 'm so atheist that i do not think about it , i am not part of a club and i am not going on the baricades for it . 
  why should i ? 
  not sure why you were downvoted ... 
  does this mean that as a civilian , i may shoot at soldiers on activve duty in my country , or in any country for that matter - and if i kill one of them it is not murder ? 
  yes i know i will have bigger problems then , i just want t know about the legal situation, 
  you can not edit the title ... 
  during an earthquake ? 
   you have been watching too many american movies should be used as a sound byte for people calling that number all over europe . 
  for the rest of the world , actually . 
  or so we all thought ... 
  do n't know about you but the whole pharmacy stuff in the article smells like tpp to me ... so apply large quantities of salt where needed e : wrong acronym, 
  and that comes from an american ? 
  ah , that explains why you are commenting in / r/europe :-), 
   the market works best to kill all humans once and for all if there is no regulation given the fact that humans fuck each other over for profit this is the only logical conclusion, 
  apology accepted, 
  whatever happened to the idea that with more competition everybody is forced to be on their toes all the time , therefor providing better service to their customer or become irrelevant ? 
  people have to eat , there have been markets like this on some locations for hundreds of years , and when we are talking about athens maybe even thousands of years . 
  certain warehouses in the netherlands have been there for over 50 years - does that mean that they are forced to change their business model just because ? 
  wait - i finally realized this is not a discussion on / r/propagandaposters - i am not a smart man, 
  ~ ~ do you have an example of something you would not call propaganda that was posted and upvoted here ? ~ ~ edit : this is not / r/propagandaposters - finally got it - sorry, 
  ~ ~ how can a source of a propaganda poster be bad or good ? ~ ~ ~ ~ reliability ? ~ ~ ~ ~ honestly i do not understand what this is about . 
  propaganda is like commercial for a cause and just like ads they can be done good or bad ( regardless of my personal feelings ) and many of them are very recognizable as propaganda posters . ~ ~ ~ ~ or am i missing something here - then please enlighten me ... ~ ~ edit : this is not / r/propagandaposters - finally got it - sorry, 
  and copyright the pizza and charge an arm and a leg for every pizza sold . 
  i only try to be nice by not mentioning that on some occasions it was near mass hysteria - but on one count you are wrong : it is not just the so called abrahamic religions , though i understand your sentiment . 
  what about asia ? 
  a lot of shit like that happened over there also . 
  i blame it on us being descendants of apes and monkeys . 
  getting out of that tree really was a bad decision . 
   you think people would brigade a place like this over a long period of time for no actual material gain ? 
  yes !, 
  ask any mod . 
  ask the admins if you really want to be sure . 
  go to srd . 
  find out about mens rights/red pillers versus various sjw groups/srs . 
  and that is just one example . 
  it was in the news that russia is hiring people to help them in the social media , we have had various subs being taken over by people with totally opposing views etc etc. 
  but the actions of a few should not be the cause that the group they are a part of should be denounced and ostracized as a whole . 
  if you look at historical records you can see that this happens very often and that is why we have to be extra careful . 
  good to know - thanks - he got me worried there for a moment . 
   mr gauck said in his banquet speech that the eu needed the uk and it would support a `` constructive dialogue '' on the reforms mr cameron wanted . 
   he said the eu was facing `` major challenges '' and that '' ** an effective european union '' was `` based on a stable foundation of shared values '' . 
  ** does this mean he is giving a nod towards the anti-imigrant populist right / pegida ? 
  edit : / u/boq says this is not the case, 
  to you , you mean - for a dutch man living in germany she is just another old lady . 
  hmm , she does not seem to be gathering empty beer bottles , she must have an ok pension plan then . 
  i could send you a dick pick . 
  but i was talking about violence in regard to sex - i had to be more clear . 
  do n't you need more for that ? 
  there is a different power balance - i would say : women still have to fight for equal rights and and it was not that long ago that they have gained more rights . 
  and there was no violence involved in the cases i have seen in this thread so far . 
  it was more being tricked into sex and men have no history of being oppressed by women . 
  plus most women have to fight off men on a regular basis from the moment they start to develop breasts ( at least ) . 
  and most women have at least one experience where they had to try to get out of a situation where violence was at least a threat . 
  i think that goes a long way in explaining a different reaction towards it . 
  edit : plus most men are stronger that most women - or at least see themselves as stronger - therefore they will not see women as a threat . 
  [ most relevant xkcd ] ( http://xkcd.com/1446/ ) ( and yes : it is updated ), 
  i already know german , english and ` dutch - if i learn a scandinavian language , maybe i will finally be able to understand the frisian . 
  ` wild zwijn ' means ` boar ' in dutch - coincidence ? 
  i think not . 
  some of them are totally sarcastic , or so it seems , or poe 's law ? 
   because we 're not the world 's social worker ? 
  but sometimes we are the worlds policemen , judge and executioners . 
  and we have been doing that for centuries thereby destabilizing whole regions both military and economically and very often in the name of profit . 
  and now that people come knocking on our doors you want to say we are not responsible why exactly ? 
  right now a great many people on those boats were on the run because of chaos that the eu also played a part in .
