  if they are payed or are doing it because of their own shitty believe system , i do n't give one shit or the other . 
  no , we remoaners blame all the problems on the anti-eu people like you who are all so low energy - lucky for us we have the_schulz and similar great people to help us build bridges instead of walls !!!, 
  in short there is no way in hell this is the official report ? 
  it is a weapon used in black block riots since the 80 's, 
  they did read marketing and sales books and gave it the term ` kolonialisierung der lebenswelt . ', 
  ( colonizing the world we live in ) in short : the space that is there between humans to discuss values and meaning is colonized by marketing as a way to influence people thereby destroying meaning and values . 
  think the sketch : ` if you are working in marketing , kill yourself . ', 
  never once the marketing guy comments on the meaning of the sentence , it is only observed there is a market for people who think like that and a profit can be made . 
  so no , left will continue to say no to marketing and if you want shiny you will inherit trump for only 99,99 euro he can lighten up your christmas tree . 
  it 's a bargain . 
  but heel fuck you up the ass and leave a stain on your carpet . 
   all news is done by businesses yadayada yada no news sources can be trusted yadayada why do n't you have a look at breitbart or rt, 
  i do not want to thanked by the likes of you, 
  bad quality fake news . 
  you should learn a bit more from trump and the trumpites . 
  sad !, 
  by the way , how do you like / r/the _ schulz ? 
  bye , bye now , do n't be a stranger !, 
  you all motherfuckers need some r/the _ schulz but then in french for a french candidate who is worthy and can stand up against a fascist candidate . 
  edit : for nom german speakers - he is a pro europe social democrat and in germany we are now sure nobody else can use these tactics, 
  corruption in the government - there are more posts about it in r/europe - search for romania, 
  [ tulip revolution ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tulip_revolution ) [ carnation revolution ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/carnation_revolution ), 
  heard the same about mr bean . 
  must have been pretty hilarious : plane filled with people , half brittish , half americans , half the plane laughing , other half looking around , wondering what they are laughing about . 
  how cute a neo-con troll . 
  or are you more of the alt-right or european-populista persuasion ? 
  sorry , papa has no time for that now . 
  personally i am rather something extreme left ( on a european scale ) than ss - but to each their own . 
  nice chatting with ye . 
  ah , you are srs and that is why you are a little hurt because i speak of my distaste of populists . 
  aww :-), 
   ' * never believe that anti-semites are completely unaware of the absurdity of their replies . 
  they know that their remarks are frivolous , open to challenge . 
  but they are amusing themselves , for it is their adversary who is obliged to use words responsibly , since he believes in words . 
  the anti-semites have the right to play . 
  they even like to play with discourse for , by giving ridiculous reasons , they discredit the seriousness of their interlocutors . 
  they delight in acting in bad faith , since they seek not to persuade by sound argument but to intimidate and disconcert . 
  if you press them too closely , they will abruptly fall silent , loftily indicating by some phrase that the time for arguing is past . 
  * ' \\ - jean-paul sartre just replace anti-semites with trumpites or populists i would say have a nice day now on your side of history . 
  no sources that have an agenda , no sources that are known for not fact checking , or making changes - seems like a good deal for me . 
  the only people benefiting from not doing that are the people who have an agenda themselves . 
  ah , ok . my bad . 
  and my condolences !, 
  trump will send his specialists in crowd cointing . 
  socialist is not communist !, 
  two different things . 
  are you american ? 
  or try to educate people why it is important - and not by hiring a marketing firm . 
  modern democracy is voting for the best marketing firm basically and if you work in marketing you you do not care what you are selling , only how you sell it best . 
   you mean wilders the same thing < shrugs / , 
  ow gosh , another le pen supporter . 
  yes , and that is how we got hitler and trump, 
  just answer ` populist 's tears ' and be done with it . 
  to clarify : in this context on this website a lot of the russians here i can not trust because their russian sources are tainted , they are extremely pro-government . 
  as in any totalitarian regime i have yet to hear about an independent news source . 
  the pp can not even come up with proof since the links he gives , have no mention of the points he claims they proof . 
  there are also other sources i do not trust - from america and from the eu , germany , the country i was born in etc. 
  so russia is not alone in this . 
  and even in the way you quote me you show you are willing to manipulate the truth ;  russian sponsored idiots bringing war case closed . 
  i can not trust you , because you are russian . 
  again and again the russian version of truth is not what i can get behind and what we are presented with in russian articles is too absurd . 
  plus after the russian fuckups inthe ukraine i can totally understand calling for the deaths of russian sponsored idiots bringing war to that country . 
  would the amount of businesses that use google apps have any influence on the spread and use of g + ? 
  i do not know any numbers , but if the use of google apps would rise over the next decade , i 'm wondering what would happen . 
  and then you can create your own european union with black jack and hookers . 
  well , greece is about bankrupt , right ? 
  what would the eu do if the turks just claimed it ? 
  say good riddance ? 
  that would be one of the side stories in the last one of the prequels . 
  well , germans can still be christians , so your comparison is off . 
   dubbel that is how dutchies should write double - which could mean our languages are morphing into one, 
  jailing over a thousand judges = ending of independence of the court system if you see it any other way it is probably because you are one of these populists trying to pollute the discourse in favour of your own story . 
  after that i lost interest . 
  bye now . 
  antwerp will loose access to the sea pretty soon , i guarantee it . 
  and they work all night in the steel factory so they can feed their little baby orcs . 
  they are so cutsy with the little toes and their big eyes . 
   groningen , tweede exloermond , assen , scheveningen , 's gravenhage , nijmegen , tytsjerksteradiel just some cities in the netherlands - but i still think these polish ones sound way more orcish :-), 
  these are all places where orcs live , amiright ? 
  fair enough, 
  i am not talking about better themselves , i am talking about ' i work full time for you so give me at least enough to be able to eat , have a roof over my head and make it so that i can have insurance in order to pay my medical bills ' even slaves had that - minus that being able to pay medical bills probably but one could still argue slaves are the responsibility of the owner . 
  if you do not grant that to people who work full time , it means you think certain people do not have what it takes to live - so why not exterminate them directly ? 
  so you are not sure if someone who works 40 hours a week for a company should earn enough money to pay for basic necessities like food , clothes , insurances and housing ? 
  the question is : if you work a full time job , do you have a right to a living wage - meaning should you have enough to be able to live from ? 
  it should be clear that the republicans in charge say no to that and many democrats as well . 
  to be fair not everybody in europe supports this idea . 
  they need that law to prevent bakeries from adding saw dust to bread . 
  the free market alone does not prevent that from happening , who would have guessed that ? 
  otherwise people will not get the message ? 
  damn - i also tend to write spaghethi ... 
  no , that would be [ asshole jesus ] ( http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/001/087/423/1f2.jpg ), 
  it is like the note is saying :  what would ~ ~ jesus ~ ~ ghandi do ? 
  germany and the netherlands are ok with it . 
  they also come in indian money , [ 0,00 rupees ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/6/6e/zero_rupee_front.jpg ) - they are used as an answer [ against officials who like to bribed ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zero_rupee_note ), 
  depends on the country you are in - in many countries it is done nonetheless . 
  or use 2 for the ' i am rich ' - app, 
  i am a bit older than most here and i do not remember anything like that in the dutch culture . 
  i do remember seeing children 's cartoons from germany and i have never seen something like that - they were the most horrific and sadistic and authoritarian and mean - and did i mention sadistic already ? 
  - thing i had ever seen . 
  so there is a big cultural difference there .
