  no , do you ? 
  this is ... kinda creepy ? 
  is n't lady bug a reference to mary , mother of god ? 
  since i am dutch that is my association anyways, 
  nice condo with view of the amsterdam mountains for sale , anyone interested ? 
  they are demonstrating against anti-europe policies and propaganda, 
  i_see_what_you_did_there . jpg, 
  do not forget / r/the _ schulz mega !!, 
  bridges instead of walls , make europe great again !!, 
   i really do n't belive this 5d chess theory . . 
  there was this hack of the brexit referendum site that is attributed to russia - as one of the many ways they have influenced the outcome . 
   `` the us and uk understanding of ` cyber ' is predominantly technical and computer-network based . 
  for example , russia and china use a cognitive approach based on understanding of mass psychology and of how to exploit individuals , '' the report said . 
  http://www.reuters.com/article/us-britain-eu-website-iduskbn17e0ns according to me you should not look at what is happening in the news , but what and how this news is discussed and shared in social media context . 
  but by then the fake and orchestrated story is already around the world ... 
   saying that nationalism caused both world wars is just plain scaremongering , he never said that , he talked about ww1, 
  or geert wilders in the netherlands , le pen in france , the afd in germany or ukip in the uk - and a whole lot of others . 
  i think we should start praying for the anti fascist wwii resistance fighters to be raised from the dead an delivers us from the evil that is going through europe today . 
  i think the pp is right on the mark in todays climate - but you are right about your analysis of the historical movement called nationalism . 
  only the_donald fascists and similar idiots still believe in the horse shoe theory - this was a conservative american lie from the cold war to discredit everyone who wanted labor unions and fairer labor laws, 
  stop spreading lies - there is no far left who does not hate putin . 
  someone here gets pays by the russian social media task force , or so it seems, 
  in germany it is almost a cultural thing : you can not never ** ever ** be critical about anything that has to do with israel , even when it is very ^ small, 
  so , one myth about the italians is busted ? 
  or so it seems . 
  complicated . 
  i am dutch , i do n't feel german . 
  and : should an american in the united kingdom have a british flair ? 
  hmm , what is my flare exactly ? 
  i 'm not seeing one , so :-) if it says i 'm dutch , yes , that is correct . 
  but i 'm living in berlin , germany , since 6 years now . 
  monday was a sunny day in berlin , germany, 
  and it is not something like slipping the most important thing into a big pile in the hope that it does not get noticed ? 
  edit : you can of course downvote me , but i 'd rather haven an answer . 
  maybe i have to say ` please ' ? 
  i thought that was ` spinello ' ? 
  i heard this because there used to be a bar in the netherlands with that name and this italian guy had given the phone number to his mother and asked everyone if they please could not pick up the phone using the name of the bar . 
  we were at war with spain for 80 years . 
  and we also have been selling canons to them in that time ... someone once explained to me that those canons were not used in the war with holland but somewhere else , but still ... btw : before we closed it off it used to be the port of amsterdam that was the most important . 
  the dutch used to be the main supply for french porn in the 17th century or so because those books could be printed there but not in france . 
  so this is not an entirely new concept and proves once again ` it has happened before and it will happen again . ', 
  next days headline : france outlaws imaginary friends . 
  it would be the next logical step , i mean : your imaginary friend could be a freaking muslim terrorist or even worse : a martian !, 
  the standpoint of some is that nothing has really changed . 
  we do not have to go there with an army to control the colonies , we use something called the free market and the imf to control them for us . 
  there are various examples of countries who are more or less forced to produce goods and raw materials ( coton for example ) that is sold for very little and the production of the cotton destroys their lands , and there are examples of countries that are used as dumping grounds for our toxic waste . 
  the documentary * let 's make money * ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/let's_make_money ) sums those arguments up nicely . 
  this has no direct relation towards the immigration problem etc , but i do have a problem with forcing our believes down the throat of others because ` the west is the best of the best . ', 
  but i also have a problem with the way it is normal in certain parts of the muslim world to degrade women ( or worse ) . 
  i would have given them their halal meat , and said no way to segregated swimming hours . 
  he might have gained some votes for it from the muslim population and a lot of other people . 
  edit : some spelling and that link was funky, 
  i have a big problem with opposing the ` burkini ' - as it is called in the netherlands - because females are allowed with nothing more than some dental floss to cover their privates but somehow you are not allowed to cover up more than with a standard bikini or bathing suite . 
  i would however draw the line at the point where women may only show their eyes and not shake the hands of men etc. 
  how about : anti-counterfeiting trade agreement ? 
  or make small spelling errors : ` anti counter feiting trade agrement ' and the likes . 
  but , but , that is the color of the berlin garbage collectors . 
  there will be a copyright lawsuit , you can bet your dutch ass on that . 
  ( thank god i am already living in germany , no need to roll out the tanks , i just brought my bike here and called it home ), 
   i 'm italian , and here pretty much everyone eats italian stuff as does the rest of europe, 
  piza , d\u00f6nner , indian , chinese ( what else is there to eat ? 
  ah , yes : fries and hamburgers and curry wurst ) being dutch and living in berlin . 
  how about ` fleder ' or ` fleda ' , in english called [ ` elderberry ' or ` scambus ' ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/elderberry ) . 
  in dutch it is called ` vlier ' , in german ` holunder ' . 
  i aks because it is a word used in ` plat ' or ` platt ' ( dutch versus german for the same thing ) . 
  it is the dialect/language spoken on both sides of the border between germany and the netherlands - mostly in the northern part of the country . 
  the fun thing about the word ` fleder ' is that is not similar to the dutch nor to the german . 
  so where does it come from ? 
  bonus : town , tuin ( garden , nl ) , zaun ( fence , de ) - all based on the same word , but meaning changed over time . 
  so even the media are convinced that anti-muslim movement is something else as straight out fascism . 
  though i must add that even i think they are right - but in my mind i always throw them on the same heap . 
  the reason why i throw them on the same heap is because both parties - though in theory coming from different backgrounds - both exhibit intolerance . 
  and why is the npd not mentioned for germany ? 
  ( + i thought there was more going on in the netherlands than just geert wilders ), 
  should we be surprised something like this happened ? 
  ( not me actually . ), 
  live from germany , berlin . 
  the language is dutch alright - it could still be belgian but somehow i doubt that because of the words being used : het gekkenhuis = the loony bin het oude liedje , nieuwe wijs = same song , different tune, 
  yeah , the fuckers . 
  heard stories from younger people that some police officers in groningen will just go to you as they see you make a blunt on the street and confiscate your dope . 
  ok , thnx for the insight . 
  it is more or less the dutch model then but also for harder drugs . 
  i could add that in berlin most of the the police do not want to be bothered with grass - i do not smoke pot even though i am dutch but i heard it from others - so maybe more countries will follow . 
   meaning the police can focus on the big time dealers . 
  so being a dealer is still a problem ? 
  is it only possession of smaller quantities that has no consequences ? 
  and what does no consequences mean ? 
  does it mean you can not be punished for possession of certain quantities but you do not get your dope back ( the dutch model ) or is it ok to say ` yeah , i got some h in my pockets , so fucking what ? 
  and now give me my dope back . ', 
  the downvotes did not come from me , i thought it was funny - but hey , i 'm dutch , i think we are allowed to have bad taste in these matters . 
  have an upvote . 
   she 's actually an angela . 
  aw shit , i probably just failed the test foreigners have to take to become a german national . 
  well too bad , i have to stay a dutch national then . 
  hope they do not throw me out of the country for this - or simply revoke my ` bescheinigung gema\u00df \u00a7 5 freiz\u00fcgg / eu ' . 
   did n't do anything bad according to what standards ? 
  you must not forget that left wing/liberal is something that raises suspicion in the us and that andrea merkel could be seen as oriented towards the left according to us standards . 
  i do not want to be judged by us standards for god 's sake . 
  besides : first they did come for ... but i did not speak up because i was not ... 
  are you trolling us , or just being sarcastic ?
