  racism does not play a part in it then . 
  and the kids have to work there !, 
  i have not seen this pol - sorry , and i check reddit at least daily . 
  can we reopen it ? 
  italy !, 
  why oh why did you accept any of that bullshit ? 
  world : why oh why does it always take too long to bring such people down in general - that is : after all the damage has already been done ? 
   heineken what is the similarity between heineken and making love on a boat ? 
  it is both fucking close to water . 
  i have the first two in berlin - or is that still not part of germany ? 
  you can trade some against a couple of mountains . 
  just pick it up and if anybody asks : tell them i send you . 
  this would mean hard action and banning the shit out of them , or ... 
  as a private person you can say that an di understand what you are aiming at . 
  but it is the duty of the government to protect the basic principles on which it is build . 
  not doing anything against anything that attacks these principles creates a precedence - which can be abused by saying : ` you did not take action then , why take action now ? ', 
  amen and god bless ~ ~ america ~ ~ europa !, 
  i hope so :-), 
  the strange thing abut germany is that they have conducted much research towards left-wing violence ( because of the raf ) but they did not do the same thing when it came to right-wing violence . 
  that is why they were caught with their pants down when the right-wing death squad - with strong hints that they had connections in the police force - was discovered . 
  well , you mean : without openly saying you are in favor of such tactics . 
  so we have to confront people in dialog who use murder to stifle the other voices ? 
  it sounds so nice in theory . 
  just like the right wing death squad that was active the last ten years or so in germany , you want to talk them to reason as well ? 
  or the people conducting pogroms in east-european countries ? 
  or the people trying do the sidewalk thing from american history x on left wingers in berlin ? 
  the people who burned places for refugees down ? 
  ow right , none of the extreme right wing political parties openly stated that they are in favor of violence . 
  there are various examples at the beginning of wwii about trying to reason with then fascist germany . 
  in holland the most famous one said we could sleep knowing that we are safe , right before the war started . 
  at the same time my grandfather was already busy smuggling people out of germany and helping them overseas . 
  the fascists somehow have an advantage here - plus they can also create another party that condones violence ( wink-winnk-nudge-nudge-if-ye-know-what-i-mean ) and even more people will support them . 
  in the mean time the fascist will spread their lies and the more gullible of their followers totally believe it and create terror squads - that have of course nothing to do with the new party . 
  you want us to hold hands and cry together ? 
  but then you are not true to your own message of democracy . 
  i agree a 100 % . 
  the sad truth is that even in germany - with very strong laws against it - has a neo-fascist party . 
  what i am saying is that it will probably turn out to be a god given for them , because chances are that new party will get even more supporters . 
  you are allowed to punish anti-democratic behavior , though, 
  you mean banning a party for being anti-democratic ? 
  do n't worry , people from that group will distance themselves from the event , start a new group that pledges non-violence , talks about uniting all differences and factions on a common middle ground - but basically has the same ideology minus the hitmen tacktics ( or better hitmen ), 
  that picture was not painted in roman times - i 'm nut sure , but did romans really greet that way ? 
  / r/crazyideas is that way :-) but all jokes aside : you may parade the beaches as a female with only dental floss covering your privates , but as soon as another female starts to cover more everybody goes over the edge . 
  ( or how does that meme go ), 
  my birthrecords are not immediately transferred upon arrival to my new overlords - despite what the nsa wants you to believe -, 
  i 'm from the european union - so i can simply show proof that i am a european citizen and tell them where i live . 
  no - people do not ask where you were baptized as an atheist . 
  i 'm an immigrant - so for me there were no birth records . 
  i was considered church going by default . 
  you can go to church all you like , and i 'm cool with that - but according to me a secular government does not combine well with assuming everybody is church going until proven otherwise . 
  it should be the other way around . 
  being marked as religious is a choice ( mind you : which is not the same as being religious ) . 
  it is a big part of any religion , so that is no brainer . 
   if one is too fucking lazy to sign that form that lets people opt out of it then thats too bad ... 
  but this proves that church tax is a default . 
  you have to opt out , instead of having to opt in . 
  nope : if you have not given your preferences you are paying church tax . 
  paying church tax is therefor default . 
  source : i am dutch and moved to germany . 
  i 've never come across that in my 7 years in berlin . 
  but berlin is not germany . 
  could she wear a burkini , maybe , and would that suffice ? 
  what i was told is that both the dutch and french speaking people in brussels refuse to speak the * other * language but can understand it just fine , but they will simply reply in their own language regardless of the language the other person speaks . 
  in that respect an official replying in dutch to a french question would be the common practice in everyday live anyway , but if you are not belgian and you can speak only french then you are fucked . 
  but based on things posted here i am wondering if that is ( still ) true - because this is what i heard in the 80 's . 
  and i too studied multiple language and i did not enjoy it at that time but now i wished i had payed more attention ( but my german and english are just fine ), 
  not even in the brussels area ? 
  the example is not 100 % fair because i assume all french speaking belgians at least understand dutch since they got it in school . 
  and in this case they could probably solve it when they would ask the same questions in english . 
   btw , i would like to add , since i was borne in iran , and i live in amsterdam for 26 years and i have a lot of friends in the media , i thought i would be of interest for the nsa . 
  pure gold here . 
  or 1904 with remnant of the 2000 bug ? 
  and based on the address it could not be : industrial road . 
  those roads are outside of settlements - where nobody would be bothered by noise , stench etc. 
  and of course all industrial roads go back to the 30 's at most . 
  the slate was wiped clean so to speak - so : how would you start over again ? 
  and the collaborators . 
  right now , yes , but laws can change . 
  right now a public building should be accessible by all - provided you behave a certain way . 
  why not make changes in privacy law when we are talking about certain kinds of public figures . 
  edit : i do realize this borders on the same line of reasoning why certain left wing organizations went from bombing public buildings to killing public figures - but this is in no way related . 
  certain people in the government are not just a public figures , they are responsible for the public and their future and the future of their children etc. 
  therefor i think it would be only fair to turn things around : instead of giving them the right to spy on us , they should be willing to open up their lives so we can spy on them . 
  if you want to serve your country you are going to have power , and therefore you have to be willing to give up your privacy . 
  it is as easy as that . 
  i believe he was talking in general and on principle and done by an independent party and only to people who are in positions with power - he was not talking about giving those rights to a dictator . 
  / r/crazyideas would love this . 
  and after the wall came down they tried selling that toilet paper to the godless dutchies for shits and giggles - but probably found out there are not that many godless dutchies after all . 
  that explains a lot , til, 
  ( hint : it was a dutch invention ), 
  now , let 's do a european version of big brother !, 
  the netherlands do not have the same 800.000 pound gorilla power as america does . 
  and yes , it is fucked as hell . 
  glad i 'm living in germany ( the irony ), 
  in the case of fascist you can never be sure . 
  we had a fascist party that was called the party of the center , go figure . 
  i agree a 100 % . 
  but for reference purposes and to test a theory : are you american , european or from another continent ? 
  my condolances . 
  american liberal and european liberal are also not the same , so it can be as confusing as you want .
