  edit : apparently people are not allowed to find out about the movies where russians beat up colored people . 
  please downvote more sheeple . 
  yes !, 
  you are right . 
  make it an international festival maybe ? 
  well it could have been worse ... 
  it was only the rest of the world . 
  how many people participated ? 
  i hope more than 500 this time !, 
   for the bulk of the population , wages stopped rising in 2003 . 
  the economy has grown -- or at least it grew until 2008 -- productivity has risen , and food , fuel and house price inflation have roared ahead . 
  but wages have sunk . 
  sensible economists predict that an ordinary family will be living on 15 % less in 2020 than in 2008 . 
  it 's worse in america . 
  the top 1 % of earners took home 93 % of the growth in incomes in 2010 , while those in the middle had lower household incomes , adjusted for inflation , than they did in 1996 . 
   http://www.guardian.co.uk/commentisfree/2013/jun/02/britain-bankrolls-the-super-rich?intcmp=srch my conclusion is that giving up the right to a minimum wage is not a temporary thing . 
  why ? 
  because the rich do n't give a damn . 
  atm the rich do get richer and the poor do get poorer . 
  for more opinion from me i can point you to my answers further down the line . 
  if there is economic growth and if the benefits of that growth also land in the pockets of the people who were so generously asked to sacrifice from the very little they already had . 
  for me abolishment of minimum wage is going back to the industrial stone age instead of forward to a world that not necessarily is socialist , but more like star trek at least . 
  again and again it has been shown the people are perfectly capable of abusing systems like this , in the sense that they abuse people when money is the important factor . 
  the critique of neo-libarlism in the direction of utopian philosophies like communism was that human nature has to be taken into account and that economies work better when there is a reward system . 
  human nature sure is a very important factor to take into account . 
  if you realize what atrocities have been committed in situations where there were no laws or regulations that protected the rights of low wage laborers or where they were ignored , you can only come to the sad realization that it is part of human nature to fuck one another over for money . 
  there has to be another way . 
  and on a side note : i believe things worked better in the time there still was a communist threat . 
  to bad it was such a fucked up system . 
  wether or not i downvote such statements is irrelevant and there is no way you can know if i did it or not . 
  but i do n't see any reason to support ideas that work like a macro-economic experiment targeting the lives of other people , thereby denying them a certain living standard . 
  and we are not talking about not being able to buy luxurious stuff or not , we are talking about being forced to work under conditions where you are bossed around , lose your dignity , for no value returned . 
  source : i have done that kind of work , you are not even allowed to pee when you need to . 
  in certain jobs there is/was talk about wearing diapers . 
  and all in the name of a game of economic growth that will make certain people very rich and the people who are targeted by such experiment will only remain poor . 
  and then we are not even talking about what this game does to the environment and people living in certain other parts of the world . 
  statements like these make me want to puke . 
  we had a good social system throughout europe and a lot of people fought long and hard to get there . 
  if this is the way we continue to get assfucked ( with metal condom with nails in it ) then it is time we start throwing bombs . 
  lets take turkey as an example . 
  lets start with the banks - because they love to take a gamble with the economy of the rest of the world and get a shitload of money as soon as they start to cry because their plans did not work . 
  ah that is so old school . 
  just go create a company in former east germany , get a lot of subsidies and do a game of creative bankruptcy a month or so after opening . 
  that is a real winner . 
  if you think letting people live in total poverty is in order . 
  especially with all these reports that the rich only get richer . 
  learning the poor some obedience by lowering their wage so they have to hold two jobs is far more effective , parbleu !, 
  and if they convert to such traditional measures like stealing , we will teach them who is allowed to steal and who is not . 
  in prison we will teach them what real work means . 
  not even on / r/drunk ? 
  sit on the table . 
  but it is a chair do n't get hang up on words , you know what i mean, 
  [ finno-ugric languages ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/finno-ugric_languages ), 
  [ cake or death ? 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bnjcuz-lisy ), 
  but for different reasons and one group accepts israel , the other does not . 
  would n't surprise me . 
  extreme right imitates extreme left in clothing so they can bring their message across without being directly blown off because of how they look . 
  they too started to look into ways to better market their message . 
  i heard that violence in berlin between far left and extreme right is usually brushed off as gang related stuff or so . 
  not sure how they report it now after the unexpected find of an extreme right wing group that killed various people . 
  i 've seen neo-fascists in europe wear palestinian-shawls . 
  one of the reasons probably is because the left wing movement used to wear them during the 80 's , so the neo-fascists wear them to confuse people . 
  another reason is of course the ` anti-zionism ', 
  that is not frisian !, 
   many eu countries . 
  which ones ? 
  i would start with germany , since it is so totally over the top when it comes to privacy and responsibility , that at some point it would for example be problematic to have links to other websites on your website - as is the case now in germany , since you are also made responsible for the content of the website you are linking to . 
  [ i know the shit you 've been saying behind my back . 
  ] ( http://www.mcsweeneys.net/articles/im-comic-sans-asshole ), 
  you still get an upvote for trying . 
  europeans are sooo generous :-), 
  ah , my bad !, 
  we started to doing that in the 11th century . 
  the resulting land is called [ polder ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polder ) one of those fun dutch words to remember , like ` apartheid ' and ` yankee ', 
  edit : zdavid states that it is another river that causes the floods . 
  it is called the donau . 
  it floods part of the country ( and austria ) around the river almost every year . 
  when following this scenario , we can assume the part it floods will become bigger and bigger and bigger . 
  you mean the red pill ? 
  ( they have a sub , but am on mobile - they are mra on steroids , and do n't forget to check the red pill women ) e : ow you wanted satirical , my bad, 
  no muslim asked them to do anything - there is a translation higher up . 
  but you can also ignore tjis and continue to enjoy your circlejerk, 
   white guild middle class probably with a christian background and used to be green when in school, 
  sorry , my legs are not female . 
  i will ask my brother if his are . 
  is n't the most important part that they say a short prayer ? 
   that 's the modern , marketing and pr driven , reich . 
  research has shown people do not want to talk about politics , they think it is boring . 
  present drama instead e : and if you do not get re-elected , fire your pr firm - who says we need another program and/or listen to what the people want ? 
  and everybody used the exchange rate 1 gulden to 1 mark , amiright ? 
  that would then be an extra 10 to 20 cents profit per mark ... 
  he started before the war with smuggling people from germany to england and later on he was part of the underground resistance fighting the germans . 
  killing the civilians to inspire terror was something the germans did . 
  my point is that in my book there can be reasons to resist the government . 
  this does not have to be by killing people or using bombs , though . 
  in dutch ` fanatiek ' is used to describe someone who takes action . 
  you could be extreme but still remain in your chair drinking beer while watching television ( in dutch ) . 
  but ` fanatiek ' is also used to describe someone doing lots of sports or something, 
  i am under the impression that the dictionary definition of fanatic needs to be updated with the meaning that is more and more used for it in the news .
