  this would fit perfectly i would think in case of sex with a minor - married or not . 
  i now remember that with spousal immigration cases in germany it is quite common to ask both partners to explain in detail about having sex with the other partner and they then check the stories ( also done when one of the partners is german ) . 
  i am however not sure if this is regarding ( legal ) consummation or that they simply want to find out if they are really lovers . 
  e : thanks again for the answer, 
  it is between consenting adults , so : yeah !, 
  the legal status would be a bit of a hassle i would say , regarding support after the death of a spouse , things like child support , time off when a partner has given birth , visitation rights , inheritance . 
  incest : not if there are children involved , when older : ewwwww !, 
  i have read your comments here with great interest - thanks for the research and the information . 
  have my upvotes !, 
  it is the second wife part ... on the other hand : / r/polyamory would like to have a word . 
   unconsummated marriages is there still such a thing in legal matters ? 
  i know it is very important to the story of romeo and juliet , and there it was clear cut : piv sex or gtfo . 
  how is that defined today ? 
  could bdsm couples with very strict chastity rules wind up in big trouble when marrying ? 
  / u/wadcann , the person the pp is responding to is not defending anything - you and the pp are only reacting to them as if they is . 
  this is about the legal situation and the question if it would or would not be possible to take legal action . 
  you can clearly read that / u/wadcann is very concerned that there is a possibility that the police/legal system is not able to intervene because of a technicality based on the way foreign marriages are treated . 
  in plain english : this would suck . 
  big time . 
   the only way to ban this would be via amending the us constitution , which is quite difficult . 
  first : you do realize you are in ** / r/europe ** i hope . 
  second , i think this is also created to make clear the state has no business in your bed , for instance regarding laws against anal and oral sex some states had/have ( which was done because of their ideas regarding homosexuality iirc ) . 
  amending the constitution could open up another can of worms ... 
  the dark ages are not some magical period where live came to a grinding halt and everybody stopped having an iq of 2 all of a sudden when the clock rung 12 at the 31st of december in the year 1499 . 
  so please educate yourself . 
   what has never really been solved since 4 centuries should stop, 
   we were there first \\ - [ the vandals . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sack_of_rome_\\ ( 455 \\ ) ), 
  sharia law and ` should be based in part on the koran ' are two different things . 
  our laws are also based in part on our christian heritage - nothing in their about certain cloth that can not be used for clothing or not eating certain stuff etc. 
  good for them - and i was not talking about a cut in pay ( when talking about maternity leave ) , neither was i talking about not correcting their pay to correct for inflation . 
  my impression was that you were talking about career advancement despite not actually working . 
  i think that is stretching it . 
  true - but the women do mostly take their leave . 
  this is not saying ` those poor men ' - it is about how modern job culture functions . 
  well then , please start a war on christianity for the spanish inquisition and the carzy american fundamentalists . 
  wait - i think that would be overstating it . 
  i think it woild be fair if people could have more flexible carreer paths overall . 
  so you want to take a couole of years off to travel the world or have a child ? 
  great , go for it . 
  when you come back into the workforce it should be accepted and you should be able to get a similar job or your old job back depending on what your agreement with your company is . 
  but at a pay that is in accordance with your experience level . 
  you can not go away fro a company for 5 years come back and have more than that automatically . 
  same goes for : you want to work part time so you can spend more time at following your dream ? 
  berlin, 
  plus it is only between age 20 and 29 - not before and not after . 
  which means that their carreer suffers . 
  there is the option in germany to have a really long maternity/fraternity leave - in total up t a year for both parties . 
  most men do not participate because when they get back there is a chance their previous tasks are given to other people which basically means their responsibilities are gone . 
  extreme right gives the individual no value unless it is subjugated to the group and for the extreme left the individual has all the value . 
  the only thing the horseshoe theory describes is that people who have authoritarian ideas and use violence against their own people , run into the same problems when legitimizing that violence and in ideas of how to break oppression . 
  horseshoe theory is anti-leftist propaganda from 60 's or 70 's . 
  in a climate where everybody either survived wwii or was raised by people who did it was used to turn left people into scary people in the publics mind . 
  as said above bu / u/jb _ uk : the scope is too big for someone like this since this is no longer about just tariffs but it is way more . 
  this influences future policy . 
  no i 'm good with my main account , i am only using an alt when confronting bullies, 
  hmm - i am also trying that tactic on tumblr in action but all it got me was a ban from / r/offmychest ( never subbed there nor posted/commented there ) ask me again the morning , i 'm a bit drunk now :-), 
  i 'm sorry you got downvoted - time to leave / r/europe - it has fallen to the fascist masses . 
  neither did i in berlin iirc - it is just so that the weather of the east comes to the west when the wind is coming out of that direction . 
  ah well , maybe because of my age my predictions about the weather are off with climate change and all . 
  it used to be a land climate in berin so i brought a very thick winter coat with me - but i never needed it within the first 5 years there . 
  thanks for warning us for the weather - that which happens in poland is soon to be coming next door to berlin ( and before that to the netherlands : if the wind comes from the east for a longer period it is guaranteed to give hot summer days or freezing winter nights ), 
  i work in an office at more or less minimum wage level and my travel time is my own problem - if i take above a certain amount of time i could get some compensation through taxes but do not expect too much of it and you must travel at least more than hour or more . 
  switzerland has friendzoned europe , you mean . 
  sure , just add some vanille vla so it will stick to the surface better, 
  by the ones planning the coup , i would say . 
  what is with the downvotes on this one ? 
  i thought we are in the europe sub , we do not need the / s as much as in the ones with a bigger us population . 
  however , one could say they are not as relevant to the history of the us nor to the relations you have with other countries . 
  denying part of the history that took place under another ( form of ) government is really bad , just like denying us helped a bunch of coups around the world . 
  better than some of my friends here in berlin - some of their grandparents died in a concentration camp - by falling from the watchtower . 
  talking about prejudices :-), 
  well , you do not see me saying nasty stuff about all the british - about the people who promoted brexit possibly , but that is another matter . 
  yes but your grandfather saved us from the germans ( as did the russians , but that is another story ), 
  the majority decides on who should represent them . 
  that is a huge difference . 
  these people then hire marketing firms so they and their ideas can be marketed like they are a big mac . 
  if you look at brexit you can see everything that can go wrong there : one party won by using false information and promises that can not and will not be kept ( and are later removed from their websites ) . 
  or by merely insinuating certain things and playing cheap sentiments . 
  their day job is trying to win and you already have job so it is very hard to go into all the details of what they are telling you . 
  on top of that : how do you treat the minority ? 
  when 10 % did not agree that can still amount to 10 million people in some countries . 
  in many cases these minorities have to fight their own government . 
  you can do that , of course - and then you will very often be confronted with having to do the amount of work of an extra day job to fight people who get paid to do their day job : fighting you . 
  ah , and they also have a budget to hire marketing firms and lawyers etc etc. 
  you have to pay that out of your own pocket . 
  but this is not a democracy . 
  if this were a democracy it would be a fascist sub - sorry , i mean a western value defending populist sub - because they make the most noise . 
  each sub is at the same time created by the users and curated by the mods . 
  both have to be respected - but in many cases it is very easy : you do n't like it ? 
  make your own sub ( with black jack and hookers ) . 
  you are talking about the country where you are/were * held accountable for the content on a site that is not yours , only because your site contains a link to said website . 
  \\* ^ ^ not ^ ^ sure ^ ^ what ^ ^ the ^ ^ current ^ ^ status ^ ^ is , ^ ^ but ^ ^ they ^ ^ tried, 
  dutch girls are so wet , you will not believe it !, 
  true , the borders are closed during high tide - otherwise you discover our gills . 
  probably is true for all of europe, 
  since the nl is basically below sea level : are we continental or not ? 
  [ i 'm almost cuming ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anglo-dutch_wars ), 
   today it 's all just the same marketing agency used everywhere to sell the same message in a different way . 
  plus he needs an adaptor to make is uk condoms work on the mainland .
