  mwah , not really . 
  relevant - [ a tool to calculate if something is worse than hitler , based on its monetary value ] ( http://robotsrule.us/picohitlers.html ), 
  polish , therefor catholic , ergo : you are a trusted source for stuff like this . 
  they warned about it in the travel guide , but apparently some argue that it is worth the risk since her cooking is that good !, 
  some even said `` a + + would certainly try the roasted meat again . '', 
  you mean : one island with a big , one eyed dude hearding sheep , one island with a woman feeding you stuff that is so great you forget where you were from , one island with beautiful women singing on the beaches as you come by in your boat and they invite you to join them , etc, 
  well those are also the ones i know . 
  i would guess that words ending with - us are male and with - um are neutral , but then i am just messing with you because that is the case in latin . 
  gutch ? 
  or derman ? 
  we still have the function of a dative as a grammatical construct even though our words do not change in anyway because of it . 
  see my other comment [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/24nxem/non_native_english_speakers_of_europe_do_you_feel/ch9a6ot ) :  but ... this one of those examples where it is absolutely not understandable why a dative is used since it does not function like one . 
    in the netherlands we also say : het huis van de man / de man zijn huis . 
    but no way it is a dative . 
  but ... this one of those examples where it is absolutely not understandable why a dative is used since it does not function like one . 
  in the netherlands we also say : * het huis van de man / de man zijn huis . 
  * but no way it is a dative . 
  i forgot more than just a few letters . 
  i 'm ashamed . 
  i am living in germany for almost 8 years now . 
  can i still continue to call myself dutch ? 
  that 's what i thought and it is that way in the netherlands as well . 
  but then i came to germany , the country where they go ` in ' the internet , go figure . 
  limburg belonged to belgium once and we traded it for access to the sea , iirc . 
  and apparently ( see one of the other replies to my statement ) all belgium speaking people still know about the three ~ ~ seashells ~ ~ genders , and the barbaric dutch people have forgotten about it . 
  thanks , i have been misinformed then . 
  someone said this was only done in a certain part of belgium . 
  ` f\u00fcr ein einfachere sprache ' is sponsored by sterni !, 
  then it would become even less complicated than dutch - we still have two : ` de ' ( male/female , when in doubt : male ) , ` het ' ( neutral ) who would have thought that would ever happen ? 
  does it really have to do with the dative ? 
  the way i see it it , it has to do with the change in meaning/use of the word ` von ' , which means it is more and more used like the dutch use the same word ( ` van ' ) . 
  ` von ' is used with the dative , so that is almost accidental . 
  this smells like the same thing they did with words like ' a murder of crows , a crash of rhinos , a kettle of hawks . ', 
  these things where invented so you could find out who went to school and who not , or so i heard . 
  what about the people who speak the saksisch dialect ? 
  that language is more like dutch . 
  they are immediately deemed stupid , or what ? 
  i think this is elitist and very dangerous . 
  most germans do something similar when speaking the damned language . 
  as soon as they have to write it , they do it in groups and start arguing about the endings of words . 
  in other words : they need to change something quick . 
   dutch and norwegian have dialects which can have either two or three . 
  icelandic has retained all three i have only heard of a tiny part of belgium where they use three ( dutch ) . 
  never experienced any other dialect that does . 
  words ending with ` e ' are mostly female , so of course it is ` die websit ** e ** ', 
  or when you are dutch : hottentottentotempalententententoonstelling ... ok , i give up , german wins this round . 
  edit : forgot a letter , how could i ? 
  edit2 : i forgot even more letters , how could i ? 
  i bow my head in shame . 
  according to a friend ` kreuzschlitzschraubenzieher ' is the most beautiful german word . 
  i would go for ` geheimratsecken ' but maybe that is just me . 
  sauce ? 
  all of a sudden i picture a wall filled with the heads of famous trolls as trophies . 
  / u/countvontroll is sitting there with his favorite brandy near the fire , talking about hunting one of them down : `` yes , he thought he could escape me by hiding in / r/aww , but i was already waiting for him by the entrance of / r/conspiracy . 
  he started begging , and promised to start posting in / r/conspiratard for a while he even proposed to be a positive contributor to / r/loseit , i always hate it when they do that . '', 
  ah , the famous count von troll ... asking someone to troll less ? 
   could you repeat that question again , mr. snowden , i 'm afraid i could not hear you . 
  then what is the reason to hide their presence ? 
  but if you know german : beware of false friends - there are so many of them . 
  and that is probably what is going to make it very very difficult for me to learn a scandinavian language , because talking german is sometimes mental acrobatics : using a word that is so similar to a word you know from your mother-tongue - but at the same time it so totally different . 
  i do not think we ever used that symbol for anything in the netherlands , it did not exist on our keyboards before the internet/computers . 
  so it would not make sense to have a word for it before that . 
  it had a meaning/use in english before it was used in internet terms , dunno what it was anymore . 
  it is things like this that make me want to learn a scandinavian language : i already know dutch , english and german - then you get to be amazed again and again about all the connections between those languages . 
  live in germany for 7 years , worked in internet as in making websites , always communicated with people in german , not people from a specific location . 
  everybody uses ` at ' , never heard of the monkey-tail word for it , would not even know what word that could be . 
  and my german is pretty good ( do n't ask me to write it though ), 
  what do think we are ? 
  the usa ? 
  i do n't want no frelling political correct language in europe . 
  southern or northern limburg ? 
   avaaz even went low-tech and had people send faxes fax came about in the 80 's . 
  even telex is not lotec in my book , because it is al based on more or less the same principle - but hey , i was born in 1963 . 
  if you had said they send letters/telegrams , then it would have been another matter . 
  ( yes , you wish ! ), 
  / r/tributeme is that way . 
  ( nsfw ), 
  what was the name of that firm again ? 
  thank god it is gouda and not edammer, 
  some building firm in the north of the netherlands got himself a lenin statue not long after the wall came down , just for shits and giggles - an artist got it as a loan for a while , put it in the middle of a park in a not so big city with a big mountain of ( free ) potatoes in front of it . 
  not many people understood what was meant there , only a few dared to take potatoes during the day time , most did it in the middle of the night ( ` how dare you ? 
  this is a work of art , stop vandalizing it ' ) . 
  anyway , at some point the potatoes started to rot , and smell . 
  it lead to questions in the city council . 
  thank you - i will do that . 
  it seems like the right thing to do - but it still feels a bit strange in my head when i let it roll aound my tongue : ` yes , i am a german citizen . ', 
  i wonder if i have to answer a list with all these silly questions about germany ? 
  i tried to answer a similar list for the netherlands and it feels like i only passed the test because i was lucky . 
  if that is the case , why have i never seen you at our family gatherings ? 
  did daddy sleep with another woman - again ? 
  [ thank you for flying church of england - cake or death ? 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bnjcuz-lisy ), 
  the southern part is catholic - we got them from the belgians , they traded them for access to the sea for antwerp - but they at least know how to party . 
  you ca n't party with those bloody protestants . 
  but if you still want to conquer the netherlands , go ahead , i do n't live there anymore . 
  and if you do improve things , i might even come back . 
  the netherlands kicked them out like centuries ago . 
  now all our old people retire there and st. nikolaus brings our kids presents from spain . 
  have n't you tried that already - twice ? 
   if you participated in the economy of the host country long enough you deserve to reap some of those benefits .
