  that evil people are also sometime the victims of this reality is not something to cry over . 
  this was before mh17 ... 
  i vehemently disagree with his analysis here but it 's not a far-cry from the tepidity and weakness shown by our own govt . 
  ` waiting for all the facts get in !, 
  let 's not accuse anyone yet !, 
  let 's just wait till everyone forgets and we can move on without any fuss ! ', 
  there were 3 voting booths in the entire country . 
  yet the voting proportion was higher than for the european parliament . 
  we 're talking about 70 % that voted for treason . 
  i 'm sorry but you ca n't simply brush that aside as easily as you 'd like . 
  i will accept that those who did n't vote , skew towards the integrated , non-traitors . 
  but with these figures it 's beyond obvious that ( likely much more than ) half of our turks are traitors . 
  ah , so first he was a russian stooge but when you could n't back that up you decided to go for the kitchen sink strategy . 
  this whole line of argument is silly as it boils down to ` if you disagree with my politics then you are a traitor ' . 
  which is an asinine way to conduct politics . 
  my line of argument for calling those nsb-turks traitors is beyond clear however and does not boil down to a simple disagreement over the eu or foreign policy . 
  voting for an enemy that threatens us and calls us nazis = treason . 
  pure and simple . 
  in the end this fifth column is loyal to erdogan 's islamism . 
  they are muslim nazis and nothing else . 
  great pic !, 
  go away erdolf . 
  turkey will never be part of the same union as my nation if there is anything i can do about it . 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  wilders response to mh17 and russia has been exactly the same as everyone else in our govt : weak and not willing to talk about it . 
  le pen is a putin stooge , so is ukip to some extent ( but corbyn too ) . 
  but that accusation falls completely flat when it comes to wilders . 
  he has n't done anything different on russia than our other mps . 
  a few dutch-turks have not merely ` fallen under the spell of a far-right populist ' as you say . 
  they have voted for an islamist autocrat that calls us a nazi state . 
  they are traitors . 
  when he starts calling his fellow countrymen nazis and murderers i will take your rabid outbursts seriously . 
  until then you 're just a leftist apologist desperate for excuses unable to string along a coherent line of defense . 
  turkish - ` dutch ' voted for treason and there is nothing you can say to take that away . 
  i lived at quattro caminos !, 
  could be holland !, 
  none of these groups vote against their own nation . 
  pure fallacy . 
  the best defensive weapons are slbms . 
  let 's see how ` non-pacifict ' you really are . 
  in any and every case , an unacceptable number and these people are traitors without question . 
  70 % of ` dutch ' - turk votes were for ` netherlands = nazi killers of muslims ' and you go here and lie to everyone that integration is just fine here xd . 
  do you buy your own fantasies ? 
  so we 're back at the start of the conversation ? 
  i never denied this . 
  france is a country torn apart by islamism and islam-apologia and the reactionary forces against this . 
  it is very much the avant-garde in europe on this issue ( by simple virtue of being the most islamized country in western europe ) . 
  what confidence does macron give you , or what reason or argument that he can reverse this trend and heal the divisions and sectarianism ? 
  things have only gotten worse and worse the last two decades . 
  macron is offering nothing new . 
  so i ask you , where will we be in 5 years ? 
  and where will the french/european patience be at that point ? 
  20 terrorist attacks in france in 2 years , you might be foolish enough to believe that the european patience is limitless but it is n't . 
  the only reason we are willing to entertain foolish leftist fantasies about multiculuralism and tolerance is because these fantasies have carried a limited costs so far . 
  we can pretend to go along with those cliches and stupidities so long as we are n't much affected by reality . 
  but reality is quickly catching up and the backlash is in full effect . 
  it wo n't last much longer . 
  we are flesh and blood like anyone else . 
  we wo n't accept many more broken promises . 
  i give it two cycles at most . 
  and macron has not even sketched out a vision for succes . 
  the whole ` mainstream/eurocrat/notpopulist ' plan can be summed up as ` let 's keep doing the same and hope things will change ! ' . 
  i do n't understand how this ` vision ' does n't worry those that support it . 
  succes does n't even appear to be an option . 
  hofer won 50 % of the vote with a party that has links to nazism in a country that is the birthplace of nazism and is probably the second most naziphobic country in the world . 
  what does that tell you ? 
  rutte won by throwing the sultan out and telling the moroccans/turkish-dutch to ` act normal or fuck off/go away ' . 
  dutch-turks voted 70 % for designating their own country ` nazi/fascist ' and for the islamists . 
  you tell me what it all looks like and what it all will lead to . 
  fortuyn was the start of it 15 years ago . 
  now everyone here says that he was right . 
  because he was . 
  the fact is that merkel & co have conceded every argument to the ` racist nazi populists ' in the last two years . 
  ` no more refugees ' and fencing the hungarian borders are mainstream opinion now . 
  where they used to be nazi opinions . 
  there 's a reason why merkel is sucking erdolf 's c * ck and it 's because she does n't want anymore damn refugees . 
  so she is perfectly content with the sultan fuhrer berating her people as nazis and infidel swine so long as he stops the damn refugees . 
  now the question is how long we are going to be tolerant of the millions of islamists already in europe . 
  and how long we are going to be tolerant of acting like we exists by the grace of turkey and pretend to be ` nice ' and weak and let fascist muslim states take advantage of us . 
  rather than us prescribing the terms to them . 
  i predict that the left will lose this argument as well , as they have lost every single argument on immigration and cultural relativism the last 15 years . 
   how anyone can vote for this very obvious russian puppet is beyond me because the stakes are sufficiently high . 
  france is israel now . 
  a country littered with the blood of civilians and merkel-lego . 
  yet the eurocrats ' main concern is n't this or the cause of this , but rather that the citizens dare to notice . 
  with the cards dealt this way , any solution is acceptable . 
  why do n't you take your own advice ? 
  i 've walked on your side of the aisle all my life . 
  have you ever walked on mine ? 
  you have n't and you do n't dare to . 
  because the thing you fear most is that i 'm right . 
  you do n't know me so kindly shut the # & ** up . 
  i could n't spot a jew in a synagogue . 
  i have no clue who are and are n't jewish in my country . 
  and i 'm sure most dutch are the same . 
  heck , seinfeld is my favorite sitcom and i had the watch the entire series twice before i noticed they were a specific type of new-yorkers rather than just generic americans . 
  fact is that wilders pvv was the largest party in polls among jews ( and homosexuals ) and it 's no great mystery why that is . 
  the fact that cultural-relativism is still your highest deity does not mean that this is the case for you co-believers . 
  you do n't speak for them any more than i can . 
  i did n't vote for wilders either ( and never have ) .
