  you 're probably right . 
  it does go to show though that post-brexit britain is backed into a corner a bit and maybe the naysayers are completely right . 
  ca n't choose their own friends . 
  sad that is has come to this . 
  most of the blame goes to the reactionaries i suppose , but europe 's liberals ( merkel & co ) share plenty of blame !, 
  and who exactly forced the sunnis to welcome those savages with open arms ? 
  the natives have plenty to be ashamed about and no dearth of apologists . 
  yes , do n't you realize how * lame * the weapons were back then ? 
  no * pew pew * at all !, 
  god i need to visit the misery that is almere sometime . 
  such a larger than life reputation here !, 
  though i have zoetermeer around the corner ... 
  maybe in terms of architecture ( though i do n't fully agree , it 's less uniform ) but certainly not in terms of urban planning . 
  building-in-park is ghetto-tier trash . 
  flevoland used to be under water , these ancient ruins were hidden from us for many centuries !, 
  some have speculated that these could be the remains of the fabled atlantis . 
  that is merely speculation though , no conclusive evidence has been found yet . 
  this is pathetic capitulation germany !, 
  really ? 
  you people like these modernist hellscapes ? 
  and yet , it 's 100 % authentic . 
  i 'd rather have that tbh . 
  the weed is easy enough to get already . 
  yes , there are n't enough drunk , degenerate brit tourists in amsterdam !, 
  just ask the locals !, 
  just increase tourist tax instead !, 
  dumb politicians ... use the funds to build new cultural institutions/attractions away from the tourist areas even !, 
   1 : we all have to pullnour weight ... 
  your country benefited economicaly from the help of big shot germany and france no we do not . 
  your argument was that we 're saving lives . 
  we are not . 
  and we 're the biggest eu net-contributor ( per capita ) actually , thank you very much . 
  but that is totally irrelevant . 
   you ( wrongly ) judge them as bad people based on your own preconcieved ideas , preconceived ? 
  i just gave you the facts/stats . 
  have you shared any evidence here that underpin your argument ? 
  no , so who has the ` preconceived ' ideas here ? 
  and i 'm not xenophobic , i welcome everybody else . 
  my mom was a refugee . 
   and even if those numbers are true , are you suggesting they should stay and die or suffer in their own countries just based on the ideas some of them may hold ? 
  who do you propose as the victims of their backward culture if not they themselves ? 
  my mother and sister ? 
  my gay friends ? 
  the jews who 's synagogues enjoy 24/7 police protection now ? 
  who exactly ? 
  if they are willing to leave their horrid culture behind ( and they are not ) they are welcome . 
  otherwise you can propose a more appropriate victim from these bullies than the bullies themselves . 
  they do n't have to die , they can go to turkey ( you know , from where they left to europe ) or other muslim countries . 
  or they can stop killing each-other . 
  their choice . 
  to add : we 're not going to agree , we both know this . 
  what i would like though is a little more respect and empathy for the opposing viewpoint . 
  sure there are many anti-refugee ppl who think the worst of their political enemies . 
  but there are also many ( like me , being an ex-lefty ) who can perfectly empathize with your views and fully understand that you 're truly trying to do good . 
  yet i find it almost impossible to get the same sort of benefit of doubt from the other side . 
  i 'm not sure if there are even are pro-refugee ppl who can believe that * some * in the opposition have genuine concerns ( about the welfare of women , sexual minorities and our secular-enlightened values ) rather than pure xenophobia and hatred . 
  i would just like to advise those reading that projecting nefarious motives and always looking for the hidden nazi is not a good way to have an honest debate or a good road to understanding each-other . 
  this is n't really meant against you exactly , but just some good general advice . 
   that 's an interesting survey , unfortunately it says little to nothing about europe i did n't realize we were importing millions of europeans . 
  never mind then , i have no issue with that . 
   surveys aside , i have a fairly large number of muslim friends ( because i did n't grow up in a small village in the wrong half of germany ) well i did n't grow up in wrongspeak-germany where wrong people have wrong opinions either . 
  i grew up in the randstad . 
  close to rotterdam , first major western city with a muslim mayor ( who seems to be doing a fine job ) . 
  even had a tunisian best friend growing up . 
  and the muslims i 've had more than superficial interactions with have been perfectly nice ( my fave colleague at my internship in berlin is moroccan for example ) . 
  but my views are n't really colored by those anecdotal interactions , they teach me nothing new . 
  people are people and inherently want to be liked . 
  i 'm sure even those awful , village germans can be nice enough once you get to know them . 
  but neither that nor the harassing/criminal muslims in the streets here color my views . 
  unlike you i 'm not ready to just let those surveys slide , the intersection of politics and demography is not irrelevant to me . 
  i 'm sure they are also not irrelevant to the jews living in my country who 's institutions are now under 24/7 police protection . 
  probably due to some lost east-german neonazis huh ? 
  and the euro surveys are abhorrent enough in their own right if you care to look . 
  the real difference between you and me as far as i 'm concerned is that i hate brownshirts even if they are brown . 
   these are people that ran away from their country because they and their family were going to die . 
  they were n't going to die in belgium or austria or hungary or turkey . 
  they are dying in the med , because of the pot of gold you put on the other shore . 
  without providing safe transit of course . 
   when you generalize and say they all have a `` 7th century mentality '' and that `` they hate our way of life '' bullshit , then you are a racist , and that makes you no better than them , because that very ideology belongs in the 7th century . 
  this is a weird circular argument . 
  so i say they have 7th century mindset , which makes me the same as them because i said so ... 
  what ?? 
  anyway : http://www.pewforum.org/2013/04/30/the-worlds-muslims-religion-politics-society-beliefs-about-sharia/, 
  the proof is already in the pudding , we have 3 + generations of muslims in europe . 
  we know what we 're dealing with so your obfuscation is no longer credible and the burden of proof is on you . 
  not us . 
  yes you talk with people and they are nice . 
  that is normal and that happens everywhere at all times ( the one eritrean i talked with on the flixbus was an incredibly sweet kid who already spoke german after some months ) . 
  i 'm sure nazi voters would be perfectly nice as well if you 'd went for tea in bavaria 70 years ago . 
  i have zero interest anymore in sacrificing anything for this diaspora , or rolling any dices . 
  ` doing your part ' `` accept these people with their 7th century values and hatred of everything you believe in because we say so '' `` respect out unilateral decision to import millions of them '' ok ... sure buddy !, 
  agreed . 
  so hopefully we can soon all say no to islam . 
  i was just gon na mention how green it was !, 
  i was starting to feel smug about the randstad vis-a-vis flanders but then i saw that !, 
  i wonder how you manage it ? 
  of course it 's just a snapshot . 
  could also be weather related i guess . 
  ca n't she just go away ? 
  i think my confidence in the eu is too damaged as long as she is still the figurehead .
