  it does n't preclude us from being a million times less tribal than them . 
  the fact of our integration and acceptance of outsiders and minorities compared to their oppression of and exclusion of the same is testament to that . 
  i 'm perfectly happy with my contribution . 
  to me complaints about * white solidarity * reek of cultural masochism . 
  i 'm perfectly happy to criticize it . 
  maybe it truly was meant as a meaningless offhand remark . 
  in that case there was still nothing lost by pointing out that in this specific human failing we are merely human . 
   it 's not a culture attacking anything , it 's people doing stuff based on cultural and material circumstances . 
  ` culture ' is not some homogenous monolithic thing that can be ascribed agency : it 's a complex of social interaction based on historical and material conditions . 
  right . . 
  i call that ` culture ' . 
  tribalism is alive and well , especially outside the west and double-especially in the arab-muslim world where they slaughter each-other by the millions out of pure hate-infused , sectarian tribalism . 
  just because you and i can pretend to be enlightened and beyond it does n't mean that others are so adept at this little mental exercise . 
  ever wonder why pakistanis born in britain who have nothing to do with palestine , go foaming at the mouth by the thousands if israel farts in palestine 's direction ? 
  but not a peep by them ( or us ) when it 's cyprus under the turkish yoke ? 
  or not a peep when it 's sunni muslims who slaughter slightly different muslims by the millions ? 
  because we and our culture are ` us ' and they and their culture are ` them ' and especially vice versa . 
  this tribalism is n't niche , but it cuts all across the islamic world especially in the arab world . 
  and it 's that basis that jihadism feeds on . 
  nobody is innocent of this game . 
  the entire culture is implicated . 
  it 's not an accident that nazism is socially unacceptable in our culture but that salafism and jihadists sentiments are perfectly acceptable and encouraged in theirs . 
  `` our muslim brothers in palestine '' ( as opposed to the infidel non-brother living next door ) `` the west is attacking us '' etc. 
  i do n't accept either of these reasons . 
  i think the reaction is coming closer to `` yawn . . another islamic terror attack '' . 
  personally i find such an attitude outrageous but itnis what it is . 
  it * is * tribalism . 
  naturally there is a racial component to that because races and tribes correlate . 
  but making it * the * issue or insinuating that only this specific tribe is guilty of it is pretty disingenuous to say the least . 
  white people are fine and perfectly human like everyone else . 
  they have done a particularly good job of organizing their culture and civilization . 
  which is the best our world has seen so far . 
  the fact that their sympathies correlate along cultural and political lines does not make them evil , but merely human . 
  ca n't you read ? 
  it 's right there in the quote `` it 's mostly for solidarity amongst white people '' . 
  this is not a compliment , it 's a charge against a specific group . 
  and the poster is right that using this example to illustrate this is puzzling to say the least . 
   it never sits quite right with me . 
  imagine living in a country constantly bombing your friends and family , living in constant fear of your life , and then some people die in some well-off country and suddenly the whole western world is projecting flags on buildings . 
  i do n't respect this sort of grievance . 
  this is their culture attacking us , they have no right to blame us for grieving for our own . 
  and they are no different to us or anyone else in caring more about people close to them . 
  geographically or culturally . 
  you ca n't tell me that people in pakistan or whatever god forsaken hellhole who foam at the mouth and torch embassies if israel farts in palestine 's direction but ignore all the other carnage where the perpetrators are muslim are less tribal than us . 
  they are the world 's most tribal people if anything . 
  maybe they mean * seniors * and they are speaking of the brits living on the spanish costa ? 
  projection screen would be pretty epic on that rock . 
  tbh my view on this : the rock is more valuable to britain than it is to spain ( they own a bit of real estate close by ) . 
  i assume that over the long term the interests of the eu and britain will remain close . 
  especially after the heat of the separation is over . 
  therefore i prefer it remains in british hands , were british interests can defend european interests too . 
  better to have the brits in the med than not . 
  my opinion on the malvinas is different however and that has nothing to do with my argie heritage  ( seriously though : there are no security interests there for europe and britain . . only a bit of oil ), 
  it 's not worth arguing with someone who ca n't even admit that not all terror ( read : violence ) is equal . 
  i have made arguments why this is not the case . 
  you have not even attempted to do so for your view but rather simply asserted that the singular notion must be absurd because you deem it absurd . 
  it 's plainly obvious that you do so because you ca n't defend your argument . 
  your entire worldview is based on this intellectually bankrupt worldview of false equivelancy . 
  you can call me ` alt-right ' or ` kelyanne conway ' all you want like these things mean anything outside of your little clique of marxists and ex-revolutionaries who all bravely agree with each-other 's brave political opinions . 
  yes you do have your work cut out for you.the reason you do is because ultimately our differences can be boiled down to a pretty basic difference in a single aspect of our worldview . 
  you might imagine we are very different , and that i feel differently simply because i feel less sympathy for outsiders or the weak and unprotected . 
  and that therefore , as long as most people are kind and charitable you can win . 
  but you 're wrong , that is not our difference . 
  the reason why i despise islam and its bullies is precisely because i care for these groups that the left has betrayed . 
  until this election i voted left , i wo n't do so again until our borders are closed to muslim immigrants . 
  yesterday i was watching some old fortuyn videos , i was too young to truly be interested in him at the time but for some reason he caught my attention the last two days . 
  i had tears in my eyes for only the second time in 15 years . 
  back then my reaction was different , when i heard the news i told my mom to gauge her reaction to see whether it was good or bad news that he was killed . 
  after all , he was such a horrible racist . 
  what i 'm trying to tell you is that i can perfectly empathize with you and know what moves and shakes you . 
  yet you know nothing of me because you fear empathizing with this side of the debate . 
  the one thing that truly separates you and me , is that there is little i find more nauseating and disgusting then moral relativism . 
  and that 's why i think you have your work cut out for you , or why you are destined to lose . 
  in the end most people wo n't be satisfied with the explanation that isis simply has different cultural norms than us , or that muslim support death-to apostates and gays is simply a normative difference of opinion . 
  or that we ca n't claim our values and culture is superior to theirs in every way . 
  people will increasingly make the obvious conclusion that this is wrong . 
  and that our culture is superior and more ethical in every way . 
  i never denied that . 
  killig margaret thatcher = / slaughtering dozens of innocent civilians . 
  far from it . 
  she was a legitimate political target depending on your political goal . 
  innocent civilians can never be . 
  ira are peacenik hippies compared to any jihadists outfit . 
  same for eta or far-left european terrorist outfits . 
  denying this basic truth strains credulity . 
  again , you can act stupid all you want . 
  the vast majority of europeans , of the world even , will recognize that the ira is ghandi compared to whichever jihadists . 
  in fact most will recognize that catholicism in 2017 in general is superior and more humane than islam , the most backward and barbaric religion on earth , in every possible way . 
  and i am no fan of catholicism at all . 
  you can deny this and curse those who admit this plain truth because you 're compelled to do so by the politically correct straight-jacket you chose to burden yourself with . 
  but like i said i 'm unburdened and un-bothered . 
  yes i do admit that not all terror is equal . 
  and yes i do admit that those who kill abortion doctors are a million times more ethical and moral than those who massacre civilians indiscriminately . 
  sorry you find that so offensive . 
  ca n't blame him for taking this picture . 
  in fact it 's a positive symbol rather than negative . 
  but the d66 likes to make discussion of the underlying issue a taboo . 
  that leaves a bit of a bitter aftertaste for me . 
  so i ca n't be too impressed . 
   god damn , we used to be a safe haven for everyone .
