  you 'd be wrong but still . 
  so how out-of-touch is our public discourse ? 
  and media ? 
  just look at how the * temporary * trump ban was discussed in our media ... 
   so why treat it as such ? 
  and rather than wanting to ban , why not engage ? 
  that is how you get people to change their views right ? 
  ` engaging ' for 50 years has certainly changed their values/s, 
  i think it is ridiculous to have a party specifically for animals . 
  and i like animals and even contributed to wnf for many years ( though about 5 of those years because they kept forgetting to cancel my subscription . . kind of a scummy org . ), 
  i will likely vote for him , but this is a sad display . 
  i do n't think this trumpian course will work out so well for him in the end . 
   your vote will make the problems worse , since wilders wo n't actually address anything , and the bigger the pvv becomes , the more things will stay the same . 
  the overton window has already dragged far to the right on the issue of immigration . 
  i think that is almost entirely due to populists . 
  if the plebs had just obediently taken their abuse at the hands of refugees and immigrants we would have continued with the insanity . 
  merkel & co are now proposing solutions that were proposed by nazis like wilders two years ago ( local processing of refugees , closing borders ) . 
  so not only are they effective , they also deserve credit for that . 
   you know that the influx of immigrants is getting lower and lower ? 
  lower compared to the insanity of the last two years . 
  still higher than the catastrophe of the preceding decades . 
  we have tons of useless/embarrassing small parties though . 
  pdvd being one . 
  i think i would prefer a threshold . 
  5 % sounds reasonable . 
  there 's a finn in this thread who responded to my suggestion of eating pasta with mustard by letting me know that he has in the past ... tbh i think that is even worse than that ` pizza ' . 
  ah you 're right , this is merely recognition . 
  then yeah it 's good . 
  nevermind !, 
  we 're not the us . 
  these sort of thing should be delegated to member states . 
  if it 's universally accepted among member states then it 's redundant . 
  if it 's not then it should n't be done . 
  what 's the point of this ? 
  have you tried pasta with mustard ? 
  only sounds slightly more disgusting to me . 
  putting the sauce on top of the cheese seems so wrong to me . 
  do n't you want the delicious browning ? 
  i still want to try a deep-dish sometime . 
  and the greatest crimes against pizzas are committed in northern europe https://www.google.it/search?q=deep+dish+pizza&amp;client=ms-android-hms-vf-it&amp;prmd=imvn&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewivn9nf2_3rahwdbrqkhvidcpmq_auibygb&amp;biw=360&amp;bih=511#tbm=isch&amp;q=pizza+sweden, 
  http://www.thelocal.se/20150619/is-this-the-best-pizza-in-the-world look , it 's the best pizza in the world !, 
  germania inferior !!???? 
  #triggered #, 
  what on earth are you talking about . 
  i specifically mentioned muslim immigrants and nothing about blood or any such nonsense . 
  i 'm the son of a refugee myself . 
  you people always go digging for nazis because i guess at this point your worldview requires them . 
   if you all were as concerned with integration and helping others get a better life as you are with border control , immigration would never be an issue for locals . 
  you 'll be repeating the same tired nonsense in * another * 50 years . 
  we tried your way and up until a decade ago all we did was blame ourselves and demand nothing of them . 
  your way has failed conclusively , you have no more credibility . 
  it 's really not much of a mystery why the public is abandoning your politics en masse . 
  you can continue running around screaming bloody murder and pitying yourself and acting baffled at what 's happening . 
  or you can acknowledge reality for once . 
  your choice , the world will move on without you anyway . 
  either have a seat at the table or do n't . 
  i 've been attacked when i was younger . 
  but again that has nothing to do with my vote . 
  i want to stop islamic immigration and i do n't consider that racist at all . 
  refugees we could limit to women and children and give preference to religious minorities ( who are de-facto persecuted in the muslim world anyway ) . 
  also barring illegal arrivals and processing off-shore would solve most of our problems . 
  even merkel is pursuing this idea now ( of course like every other idea being pursued now and in the future , this was considered nazi two shorts years ago ) . 
  absolutely no family-reunification for muslims ( or i guess anyone if we wa n't to make it legally stick ) either . 
  we all deal with moroccan thugs in the streets . 
  but that is n't my reason for voting that way . 
  their political and ideological views i ca n't abide . 
  that 's why . 
  your colonial instincts are tingling is what you 're trying to say frenchie ? 
  well if you wan na have another go go right ahead . 
  but no half-assed work this time . 
   so what 's the deal ? 
  is everyone forced to agree with progressive views of the world ? 
  no , are we forced to accept immigrants into our country who do n't ? 
   how is fascism not synonymous with violence ? 
  violence is the primary mean of control of fascist governments . 
  violence is the primary means of control of any form of govt . 
  and islamist govt is perhaps even more restrictive and backwards as fascists govt . 
  ok , we have markedly different experiences with 3rd gen muslims then between sweden and nl and so it is in the uk , belgium and probably france too . 
   reasonable migration policy ha !, 
  you'e funny !, 
   it 's very unlikely that all the different groups living mixed up together here would suddenly want to go at it alone in stead of being part of the bigger swedish society , regardless of how small the group of ethnic swedes is . 
  these groups are some of the most tribal people on the planet . 
  it 's supposedly the whole damn reason they are fleeing by the millions in the first place !, 
  thousands of pakistanis in australia who have zero to do with palestine can mobilize frothing at the mouth if israel farts in palestine 's direction and demand retribution for ` their muslim brothers in palestine ' ( as opposed to their non-muslim non-brothers living next to them ) . 
  what would go through your mind if your friend lars started ranting about his ` christian brothers in cyprus against those evil turks ! ', 
  or even his ` christian brothers in syria/iraq ( or egypt ) that are being wiped out ? 
  you 'd probably be shocked to find out that he was a nazi all this time no ? 
  and you expect * these people * to let go of their tribalism and see you as their compatriots ? 
  why are you so confident ? 
  yes , us europeans are such embarrassingly provincial yokels . 
  what culture do we have that can possibly be worth preserving ? 
  cow-tipping ? 
  * sweden * ? 
  there is so much rich culture we can learn from others . 
  what to think of these wonderfully quant customs down south such as * gay-tipping * and * struggle-snuggles * !, 
   trump has actually been a man of his words since becoming president . 
  well he has contradicted himself plenty . 
  it 's easier to be a man of your word when you 're on both sides of every issue . 
  but yes , he has done some things he promised that other politicians would not have done in a million years . 
  let 's see where he goes from here .
