  the internet 's ultimate authority i suppose ? 
  why should i take your word over his ? 
  in any case just because you say something ca n't be constitutionally done does not make it so . 
  just like this un official . 
  the executive have incredibly leeway over foreign affairs . 
  let 's make it easier in any case . 
  the thing that is happening in greece with refugees i want that to happen in the rest of europe . 
  mass-deportation without processing . 
  magically ` constitutional ' because merkel ( or whoever is in charge ) says so . 
  and just like greece , political pressure from the populists is what will make it happen . 
  right . 
  that is already a dysfunctional system and would be chaos with basic income . 
  what is absurd is this notion that the courts are immune from politics . 
  wilders was just convicted on the basis of racism for speaking out against moroccans . 
  that 's not a literalist ruling , it 's clearly informed by politics . 
  in the 80s jan-maat was convicted over statements that are completely mainstream in today 's society . 
  the fact is that the unconstitutional actions that you accuse me of are already being undertaken by your side . 
  after pressure from the populists : https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/apr/02/eu-turkey-refugee-plan-could-be-illegal-says-un-official you 're just dragging your feet and it 's no longer convincing after so many red lines and backtracking over the past two years . 
  when political pressure swells to sufficient levels , they will be deported . 
  either left or right . 
  it 's the least painful solution as well because i can promise you that the measures that will be undertaken after another few summers of discontent when we 're 10-15 % muslim will be far uglier and more dangerous . 
  of course . 
  but basic income would never be given to refugees in any case . 
  shelter and subsistence is all we should offer them . 
  dorms and food . 
  no disposable income . 
  i once met someone who claimed to be from there . 
  i did n't take this whole conspiracy very seriously before that but that scared the shit out of me !, 
  i had no idea that it ran so deep !, 
  i politely nodded and did my best to convince him that i did n't realize he was an agent but quickly excused myself to the bathroom and escaped trough the window . 
  may have been a close call !, 
  what the left needs to do is increase redistribution ( the ultimate goal should be basic income ) rather than increase regulation . 
  hah , i just saw that tom scott vid yesterday !, 
  he almost tricked me but the guy is a reptillian ( subtle artifacts near the end of the vid ) : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xvhczciihjw, 
  wat is it ? 
  matterhorn in the distance ? 
  good for bavaria, 
  what are you envisioning ? 
  the setting up of a paramilitary group ? 
  are you quite sure i 'm the one who 's being hyperbolic about imagined threats ? 
  or do you foresee your responsible side rounding people up for voting the wrong way in their principled defense of civil rights or something . 
  europe does n't have to take these refugees , most of europe does n't and those that do so do increasingly less . 
  it 's perfectly clear all i need to do is just ramp up the pressure . 
  enough that those that are already here will be deported eventually too . 
  well yeah , i 'm not in prison . 
   i saw that poll a million times by now , and it is still not relevant ... you said there are n't millions of islamists . 
  there are . 
  by all accounts about half the muslims we let in will be islamists . 
   by deliberately undermining liberty and endorsing authoritarianism to exclude people holding the opinions that you do n't like ? 
  i 'm sure that will end well . 
  yes and i 'm sure that living with millions of islamists will end well . 
  after all look at what a paradise of human rights and social development the muslim world and particularly mena is . 
  they do n't call lebanon the paris of the middle-east for nothing . 
  i guess it 's not that bad !, 
  in the end we 're not responsible for their wretched culture and ideology . 
  and we are under no obligation to make our countries their countries . 
   no , it is n't . 
  your courts will shut it down under the existing constitution . 
  what are you alluding to ? 
  i 'm unaware that we attempted to ban muslim immigration previously . 
   but i 'm not insisting on that at all . 
  i 'm merely insisting on adhering to constitutional principles when dealing with asylum and immigration . 
  well this is what is happening today so here we are . 
   there are no millions of islamists , not everybody is an islamist . 
  look at the pew polls i gave you . 
  about half of them can be considered islamists in mena . 
  we 've admitted nearly 3 million now ? 
  and i guess the refugee crisis is over now and africa will be a paragon of stability going forward ? 
  these open borders your side advocates for guarantee tens of millions more . 
  i do n't accept it . 
   just because someone wants to abuse that liberty does n't mean i 'm willing to give it up . 
  me neither , hence why i 'm doing everything in my power to make sure these islamists and their children are n't given democratic rights in my society . 
   border checks were at no point constitutionally impossible . 
  even all the treaties allow for them to be temporarily reinstated . 
  at the time they and hungary 's implementation of them were derided as a fascist aberration of the rules by your side . 
  your fixing everything with hindsight . 
   go compare what your constitution says with some of wilders ' promises . 
  do it yourself , you do n't need the media or leftist politicians or anybody you do n't trust . 
  i realize that but de-facto banning muslim immigrants is still possible though maybe not within the eu and even the constitution can be amended . 
   what chaos ? 
  several small scale terrorist attacks ( exclusively related to the situation in syria ) , and a slight increase in crime in certain localities ? 
  that 's not chaos , that 's life . 
  well the fact that france is slowly turning into israel and here our holidays and synagogues are militarized now ( just suck it up euoopeans !, 
  that 's life now !! ), 
  is part of it sure . 
  but i was more alluding to this : `` sacrifice the entire western constitutional order , personal freedom , economic prosperity and global security and burn it all down '' . 
  you see the political landscape . 
  what do you think is going to happen as you continue to insist on importing millions of islamists ? 
  you honestly believe that people will go back to accepting it lying down ? 
   religion does not get to dictate western law yeah , these are just empty words . 
  especially to the millions of islamists you insist on importing . 
  anyway to get back to your mutual assured destruction scenario :  the only red line there is an immediate threat of nuclear war or a large scale natural disaster so basically we are two cars barreling towards each-other at 150km/h and all the while you 're cursing me for being so reckless . 
   so do you think colonialism was a good thing . 
  i seem to remember you dutchies having a few colonies . 
  good compared to what ? 
  this world without colonialism we never got to see or compared to the paradises of human enlightenment and justice that existed in these colonies prior to colonialism ? 
  my problem with this sort of history is that historians are always happy to engage in half accounting when they list the crimes of colonialism . 
  they implicitly evaluate it compared to some sort of idealized just society that never existed . 
  a very myopic view . 
  let 's leave aside what wretched inhumane societies these lands were before ( and during ) colonialism and instead focus on a few of the achievements .
