  it 's therefore not surprising to me that this new party is surging in the polls . 
  lots of people want to vote against muslim immigration but are still sensitive to which political parties are deemed halal by our media elite . 
  despite the pvv having dragged the overton window and the political center very far to the right on immigration , i think they have just about outlived their usefulness . 
  fvd and parties like at are much more likely to turn their policies into reality . 
  is he wrong ? 
  `` the ngo 's are part of a people smuggling operation shipping terrorists into europe ( all of this is technically true but it does not really matter ) threatening our national defense '' there 's your casus belli . 
  national defense does not go through the court systems . 
  now you can block those ngo 's . 
   ... sooooo you 'd like to leave the eu ? 
  if it would stop muslim immigration ? 
  yes . 
   you can however make visas more restricted towards target populations ; which will make accusations against the netherlands over racism and discrimination grow , but it 'll reduce populations from target countries . 
  who cares what the muslims will complain about . 
  hating on the west and their neighbors is the arab national sport . 
  ignore their impotent whine . 
  easy . 
  no immigration from shitty countries : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_ongoing_armed_conflicts and they can be as * extreme * as they want in their own shitty countries and practice their hobby of mutual-genocide . 
  maybe they 'll come to their senses at some point or maybe not . 
  but they are n't welcome before then . 
  and how are you going to achieve that ... ... moderation detectors in lampedusa ? 
  50 % are extremists, 
  how about this compromise : those that are here can stay ( except the recent migrants non-citizens ) but not a single more . 
  and islamism should be mccarthy 'd . 
  why do n't we elevate our standards jus tad bit more to exclude islam ? 
  international law is what strong nations say it is . 
  well free movement of people can be done in a norway style too . 
  where you have no vote/clout in our eu institutions . 
  i prefer we get rid of the absolute right to free movement of people . 
  we can still be borderless and the freedom of movement can be provisional . 
  but i do think states should have the right to kick out any of these proposed non-citizens for whichever reason they see fit . 
  schengen has failed afaic and with africa being projected to turn into the clusterfuck that is is it 's just not sustainable in its current form . 
  i did contribute to unicef for a long time . 
  but i do n't think they 've been implicated in people smuggling yet ? 
  i might have given to doctor without borders house to house collection before ( i usually do , social pressure xd ) . 
  i do n't know . 
  what i do know though is that i never will again . 
  why ca n't we just give serbia the economic benefits of the eu ( gradually ) without the political rights ? 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  the norway + some cash model . 
  we should n't be expanding the eu anyway until it is thoroughly reformed and has popular and democratic legitimacy . 
  maybe it should be reformed into a confederacy . 
  they are . 
  just as much as this mosque . 
  but it was isis who were welcomed by cheering crowds in mosul and raqqa and millions of other sunni-arab muslims and not this woman . 
   you 're not gon na convert millions of muslims by telling them their religion is violent and conservative . 
  that 's not the point . 
  the point is to ` convert ' millions of non-muslims . 
  and it 's going quite well . 
  anyway i wish this woman all the best . 
  social lubricant !, 
  europeans have long life expectancies so i do n't really see the issue . 
  moderate drinking is statistically linked to longer life expectancies than abstention here but i think that 's a typical case of causation = / correlation . 
  but it does point out that it is n't a huge issue . 
  besides , i have more fun on drinking days than on 4 dry days combined . 
  it 's worth it . 
  what is selection bias . 
  america attracts arabs that dream of living in the great satan and have the means to move there . 
  we are right next to them and attract peasants who want to draw kufar benefits in little welferabia . 
  ours are typical mena muslims , theirs are the liberal elite . 
  well , i know one thing . 
  i will never donate to these ngos again . 
  they should just give the montparnasse a clean mirror facade . 
  will make it much less offensive . 
  reflections of the sky . 
  you 're right . 
  there 's also a difference between 5 % ( us ) and 10 % ( france ) . 
  maybe sweden or france will be able to turn theirs into liberal democrats in the next half century . 
  as they have failed to do in the previous , if that happens we can talk again . 
  until then , i wo n't be playing any roulette with my civilization . 
  if sweden wants to do so they are free to do so . 
  not me . 
  it used to be a liberal christian country ( paris of mena ) until the muslims became the majority . 
  yes . 
  i do n't want to end up like them . 
  i do n't even want to end up like france . 
  so , zero muslims new muslims please . 
  and no family reunion either . 
  well i guess it all depends on whether you think religion , culture and ideology matter . 
  and whether you mind ending up like lebanon . 
  not really . 
  i mentioned a list . 
  one of those was a race the rest countries which do not exactly correlate racially but they are all cultures . 
  duck , duck , dog . 
  to you that may be a list of canines but it 's really a list of animals . 
  i was n't . 
  i was talking about cultures . 
  arab , pakistani and indonesian for example . 
  one of these happens to be what is also considered a race . 
  but it 's also a culture . 
  which is what i was talking about . 
  the difference between culture and race is that race is purely superficial . 
  which is one of the two fundamental arguments why racism is considered to be wrong . 
  culture is anything but superficial . 
  and i hate cultural relativism and its hypocrisy so i make no apologies for discriminating between cultures . 
  why would i want to sell jihadis back ? 
  is that a serious question ? 
  i do n't care if they instantly get send to death or tortured in their countries . 
  good i say . 
  i 've watched plenty of isis videos to understand that these animals are n't human . 
  calling them animals is an insult in fact .
