  they honestly do n't have the credibility to malign the populists . 
  / s for your benefit, 
   they are fleeing war and death . 
  they are fleeing war and death resulting from their garbage tribal culture . 
  and fear/concern that people have of this garbage tribal culture is justified and ca n't just be brushed aside as uncouth like you attempt to . 
   i wish you good luck with your all of your fears , and i hope wilders loses so you ca n't have no satisfaction . 
  if these polls even approach reality then it wo n't matter in the end . 
  in fact i 'm convinced it wo n't matter in the end regardless . 
  we can either have our catharsis sooner or we can continue to crank up the pressure and have it explode at an indeterminate time . 
  and see what happens . 
  unless of course the islamic enlightenment happens to intervene in the intermission . 
  these things appear to happen every 1500 years so it 's due , who knows right !, 
  or we could be hit by a giant asteroid !, 
  the point is there 's no need to lose hope yet !, 
  isis has n't won !, 
  in political reality i think we will be presented with the option of banning all muslims before we would be presented with the option to ban some of them . 
  both from a practical standpoint and from what is more politically tolerable . 
  well ideally we would accept them if we could create a workable system . 
  let me spell it out : they flee from the consequences of their garbage tribal culture . 
  they are scared but according to you , fear is illegitimate . 
  so why not scold them ? 
   no , but it gives endless ammo to the ones who rightfully believes we should adopt the same ideology as our friends . 
  i find it almost impossible to believe that these sort of considerations animate any country 's course least of all turkey . 
  turks wake up in the morning wanting to emulate their ` friends ' ? 
  ( does turkey even have friends ? 
  ever ? ), 
  long ago i thought turkey joining the eu was a good idea . 
  a good incentive for turkey and an even better bridge for modernity into islam . 
  now i know better . 
  and i 'm indeed one of those europeans who will never accept you in any union i 'm in because of islam . 
  that the islamic posterboy of secularism is in the state it 's in ( and is still by far the islamic posterboy for secularism ) tells me all i need to know . 
  i was once hopelessly naive . 
  the naysayers were 100 % correct and i was completely wrong . 
  well if these polls are accurate why would n't le pens be ? 
  they are just as lopsided against her . 
  i think i will vote wilders but i could n't support an out and proud russian shill like le pen . 
  those fleeing refugees seem to be running away from something . 
  maybe you can scold and lecture all these islamophobes to go back to their wonderful culture . 
  the horror , isis won !, 
  in this dystopian future i 'm forced to live in peace with fewer backwards 7th century primitives who believe in death to apostates and gays and believe women are chattel . 
  what 's the point of living in such a degenerate society that ca n't even tolerate such wonderful ancient wisdom !, 
  might as well move to saudi now ... isis won ... 
  if accommodation means citizenship ( which in practice it does ) then it 's absolutely up for discussion . 
  i really want this referendum . 
  it 's literally most which means majority and the other side gets 20 % in this poll . 
  this is a massive landslide if true . 
  pretty shocking even . 
  1000 is plenty . 
  what i 'm not sure about is how reliable online sampling is nowadays ? 
  but that 's still a rather silly comparison to europe . 
  we 're dealing with a material existential crisis while america is dealing with a backlash against the backlash against man-spreading . 
  the contradiction almost could n't be greater . 
  i tried but could n't find the study beyond what was linked . 
   but so is any blanket ban . 
  if we 're to lead by example we need to set one that 's not straight up telling some areas of the rest of the world : `` you 're all the fucking same , we do n't care . '', 
  we 're not going to lead anyone by example by becoming more like syria . 
  i do n't generalize either way , not all of them are terrible , and neither are they people like us with the same concerns and will magically turn into liberal democrats in a generation or two . 
  that massive social experiment played on our societies has already conclusively failed . 
  after 50 years the results are in . 
  muslim multiculturalism is a total failure . 
  i do n't want to share a democracy with these people : www.pewforum.org/2013/04/30/the-worlds-muslims-religion-politics-society-beliefs-about-sharia/ in any case we have 50 years of overdue integration homework to get done on the mass we already have . 
  stacking more on top of it is insanity . 
   again , that 's imo because that 's how the trump administration branded it . 
  i can see how #nobannowall or ... 
  it seems like we 're talking pas each-other again . 
  my issue is n't whether the label is accurate or not . 
  i 'm making the point that it 's the ` muslim ban ' that drives the protest . 
  not these other issues . 
  so if all those kinks would have been worked out then a ` ban on these muslim majority countries ' would still have led to the same protests . 
  hence it 's notabele what the public discourse is surrounding an issue that apparently europeans support in a pretty large majority ( a muslim ban ) . 
  of course i knew before this poll that the european media nor politics reflected the european people even slightly . 
  but i figured it was maybe 50-50 or even 40-60 split . 
  do you think the media and public discourse would be a fair reflection of 40 % of europeans supporting a muslim ban ? 
  of course not . 
  what is shocking is that the actual percentages appear to be 55 against 20 . 
  your own germany is probably the worst example , look at the poll next to the discourse on your television . 
  the disparity is far and far greater than i suspected . 
  so 20 % of the opinion completely and totally drives the public and acceptable discourse , in the media and elite at least . 
  that 's pretty shocking . 
  it kind of makes me doubt the poll but i 'm sure that at least 40 % would support a ban anyway . 
  which is still a shocking disparity between discourse and public . 
  same as in the us i think . 
  good point, 
  it was n't . 
  but it can be !, 
  follow your dreams !, 
  i 'm not sure . 
  what i 'm saying is that all those legit underlying points you bring up ultimately do not drive the protests . 
  maybe they drive it for you personally but overall people are protesting the discrimination against a specific religion . 
  that is driving the protests , the other things are marginal compared to that . 
  in their own right they might have caused fairly large reactions but it 's nothing compared to the overall issue of muslim ban . 
  and btw i agree with most europeans in the poll ( though not with trump 's ban because it 's a travel ban rather than immigration ) but that is besides the point . 
  i took it to mean violent ( islamist ) reprisals but perhaps i understood wrong . 
  i think people are purely driven by fear of social isolation . 
  i have no damn clue what you are even arguing about  maybe , just maybe , people are `` principally outraged because its a ban against muslims '' because that 's what the us administration called it . 
  seems like we agree then : s you seem to be having an argument with yourself . 
  i 'm not saying that your gripes or those the other poster listed are irrelevant . 
  in fact i said they are legitimate . 
  i 'm saying they are irrelevant in the sphere of public opinion , because the protests and public reaction would have been the same with any muslim ban because it 's the muslim ban itself that is the underlying source of outrage . 
  `` people are principally outraged because its a ban against muslims '' i stand 100 % with that statement .
