  they are simply the most extreme example and rightly mocked . 
  but we 're not fundamentally different . 
   the founding principle is not the same , pakistani people already lived there so did jews in the levant . 
  not their fault that they created a functioning state that people actually want to immigrate to and that muslims are somehow unable to do this in places like pakistan . 
   also nowadays muslims are more persecuted than jews worldwide , especially when you consider unoffical persecution , done by certain western states nonsense . 
  muslims are persecuted by ... other muslims . 
  it 's not the mosques in my country that have police stationed outside them . 
  it 's synagogues . 
  and we all know why they are there ... find the constant variable , i suppose the rest of the world is just crazy : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_ongoing_armed_conflicts, 
  the founding principle is the same . 
  it 's not the jews ' fault that they are persecuted everywhere ( esp the muslim world ) and that muslim 's are n't . 
  maybe those arab states should n't have ethnically cleansed their own societies of jews post-israel . 
  if they are so against jewish immigration to israel . 
  the reason for its being is the same . 
  it 's not the jews fault that the entire arab world decided to ethnically cleanse itself of jews after the creation of israel or that nobody did the same to muslims and pakistan . 
  of course there are differences . 
  for one millions of people did n't die in palestine . 
  but there are fundamental similarities as well . 
  we 're all in the same boat in europe anyway . 
  it was not meant as a jab to france . 
  it 's a jab at eu immigration policy . 
  i was there after the charlie hebdo attacks when te jewish supermarket was attacked . 
  i saw the snipers and the hundreds of swat . 
  i was at the march after ( not the reason for my trip . . 
  i happened to be in paris ) . 
  no disrespect meant . 
  downvote all you want . 
  armed soldiers are still marching down your streets and i did n't put them there . 
  and nukeusa sounds like a right-wing caricature of what a leftist is like . 
  yet here he is , and many people as silly as him . 
  you do n't need to be american to hate the arab world . 
  most of the world does . 
   it 's like roma people from all around the world decided to create the roma republic in the northern india in punjab in their motherland from which they were expelled like jews oh the ironing . 
  there happens to be a state carved out almost exactly there for the same reasons and the same time as the creation of israel . 
  yet muslim hypocrites are eerily quiet about the right of that one to exist . 
   them is because of `` guilt '' . 
  palestinians get the same perks . 
  none of israel 's critics call the arabs out on their barbarity because ww2 has convinced westerners they 're all secretly nazis deep inside . 
  not as bad as palestine though . 
  they wo n't integrate ... and the traitors running our countries wo n't deport them when the smoke clears in syria . 
  what are you going to do about it ? 
   sweden is one the best countries for a foreign fighter to return if they want to reintegrate . 
  it is trialling a rehabilitation programme that gives swedish extremists housing , employment , education and financial support . 
  what a disgraceful country . 
  why would they need to work with a bullet between their eyes ? 
  is there something i 'm not getting here ? 
  and therefore very gorgeous . 
  he looks like jef costello : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5qpv3zzwsxe, 
  why should i ? 
  you 're the one who is here unapolagetically peddling lies  shows that you do n't understand economics and it 's actually their working contributions that have led to this boom . 
  support this lie , apologize or gtfo, 
   sidenote : i genuinely love how the guardian comment section has some of the most balanced comments on the web . 
  they 're usually rational and self-aware , unlike the partisan craziness of the nyt ( and similar ) comment section because the progressives in england have to face the folly of their own multicultural society much more than those at the nyt do . 
  they ca n't deny there is a problem , unlike those in manhattan . 
  it 's clear you know that you 've been caught in your lies red handed so you 'd rather just cut-and-run . 
  fine , do n't let the door hit you and check your bs wishful thinking against the facts next time before you post them . 
  you 're still going with that pathetic projection ? 
  you made the lie `` the current economic boost is due to refugees '' the only evidence you 've brought directly contradicts this ( imf : how to get the refugees to work ) and i have brought evidence against this . 
  who the hell do you think you are ? 
  do n't you think you 've peddled enough bullshit for a day ? 
  that 's what you 're engaged in . 
  what sort of idiot are you ? 
  i 'm the son of a refugee this quip you come up with `` so you are criminal-spawn '' is the pathic semantical game that you 're playing . 
  so far you 've given us blatant lies about refugees and their economic contributions and unsuported claims about refugees and crime . 
  you 've done this in support of a tangent that was wholly unneeded but you decided to pursue . 
  so you 've sullied this thread with multiple lies that you can not support . 
  yet you 're still clutching that moral high-ground ? 
  please take your lies somewhere else . 
  i said it in a response to you talking about syrian ( arab ) refugees that you ( or politifact ) lied about . 
  multiculturalism and immigration is actually perfectly fine so long as we 're talking about compatible cultures such as india , east-asia , the west and latin america ( you 'll note that i just summed up most of the world ) . 
  it is particularly arabs and other muslims that have failed to integrate ( though there are exceptions . . liberal iranians for example ) . 
  it is not so much 1st gen turks and moroccans that are the problem , that was my point . 
  anyway , knock yourself out : https://www.cbs.nl/nl-nl/achtergrond/2016/47/criminaliteit, 
   https://www.theguardian.com/business/2016/may/09/germany-imf-economy-growth-refugees-migrants-labour-ageing-population imf seems to disagree with your `` degree in economics '' . 
  i do n't know what `` the dailykos '' is . 
  your claim :  it 's actually their [ refugees ] working contributions that have led to this boom . 
  your proof : imf advise in how to integrate the refugees * going forward * . 
  your own link does more to debunk your claim than to support it . 
  anyway i 've already linked the complete debunking but here it is again . 
  13 % of refugees has found work according to reuters . 
  your claim quoted here is a complete lie . 
  i have n't kept up with the toxic sludge that is american politics ( i 'm guessing you are , because you sound as clueless as an american when it comes to the european context ) but just reading that it is immediately clear how full of shit politifact is . 
  i guess it 's the fruit of an economics degree ( which you do n't have ) that allow me to be literate in statistics . 
  let 's review . 
   according to the bundeskriminalamt , also known as the federal criminal police office or bka , crimes by immigrants rose 79 percent in 2015 . 
   but at the same time , the number of refugees in the country rose more than fivefold -- by 440 percent . 
   in other words , the typical german was more likely to engage in crime than the average migrant . 
  immigrants = a stock variable ( refugees that arrived in 2016 do not cease to be immigrants in 2017 ) and ` number of refugees in a year ' is a flow variable . 
  this is deliberately done to mislead and arrive at bogus conclusions . 
  germany received 1.5 million * refugees * in 2015 but that does n't mean that it had 1.5 million * immigrants * . 
  debunked in seconds if you 'd actually be able to critically read these things ... 
  but you are n't capable so you spread this bullshit . 
   because your problem is that they 're largely non-white , non-european and non-christian . 
  again i repeat , you are a fucking idiot and you do n't know anything about me . 
  i 'm the son of a refugee and i 'm not christian and hardly whiter than the average syrian refugee . 
  you do n't need to be * a fucking white male * to detest islam and its hatred and tribalism . 
  and if you are that 's fine too . 
  you do n't have an argument so instead you just slander people . 
  this intellectually bankrupt tactic does n't work anymore and to the extent that is has in the past the backlash in the future will be all the more painful . 
  now please check your ethno-german privilege and go flog yourself in a corner .
