  this leaves us to look at the men as a group . 
  whereas if we look at each person , we can predict that they may be completely different from another figure . 
  of course . 
  ** my google-fu has revealed an indian connection with the painting **  as was often the case with magritte 's works , the title golconda was found by his poet friend louis scutenaire . 
  golkonda is a ruined city in the state of telangana , india , near hyderabad , which from the mid-14th century until the end of the 17th was the capital of two successive kingdoms ; the fame it acquired through being the center of the region 's legendary diamond industry was such that its name remains , according to the oxford english dictionary , `` a synonym for ` mine of wealth ' . '', 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/golconda_ ( magritte ) edit : too late . 
  it most likely is for us . 
  port of rotterdam . 
  not accept millions of 7th century ` cultural enrichers ' . 
   wasted resources now that austerity is in need more than ever . 
  austerity is the opposite of what germany needs or what europe needs from germany . 
   in reality , this attack was merely the one that slipped through the cracks , the german bnd and others foiled dozens of attacks in the past months and probably foiled dozens more that we will never even know about . 
  you really ca n't say that about this attack . 
  this guy should have been deported long ago and his islamist links and criminal past were all established facts . 
  the truth is indeed that even with perfect security there will be more attacks with this madness that merkel is pursuing . 
  but germans should know that even beyond that their security apparatus failed miserably here . 
   just because it has n't worked so far . 
  how do you judge this ? 
  i assume the daily fact of traffic accidents does n't then imply that traffic rules do n't work . 
  do they ? 
  a map of industry . 
  we have police set up at all times outside of our jewish institutions . 
  no cookie if you can guess who they are protecting against . 
  miss me with your ostrich bullshit . 
  i met two guys in a bar yesterday . 
  1 moroccan-italian and the other brazilian-dutch ( black but he obviously grew up in holland ) . 
  we were smoking a j and the black guy upon hearing the other 's identity wanted to steer the convo into how much he dislikes islam ( still diplomatically . . 
  but still . . ) . 
  ( the moroccan did n't like moroccans in europe but i 'm positive he was still muslim , just a secular muslim ) . 
  i had to try to steer the convo in another way because conflict like that makes me uncomfortable ( there was no conflict but i do n't like making the guy feel bad in any way . . 
  even if you recognize the faults in your own identity it is painful and not something to talk about i think anyway ) . 
  i 'm ( pretty obviously ) not ethnically dutch either ( though i am half-dutch ) . 
  anyway , the point of all this is that you 're a fucking moron if you think ` islamophobia ' = simply xenophobia . 
   and what insane politics might those be ? 
  the status quo . 
   yes , it makes sense to hold people accountable for the actions of other people they in no way provoked , are related to , or hold power over . 
  this is in no way blame-shifting and the_donald 's `` but the libtards '' leaking into this sub . 
  if you think those politicians and voters who are responsible for the insanity of 2014 and beyond are n't going to be responsible for the inevitable backlash or whatever will happen to europe 's muslims you 're deluding yourself . 
  you could have known and therefore your hands are n't clean just like mine . 
  maybe you can say mine are dirtier if you like . 
  i would n't mind that qualification . 
  i 'm just saying that those who cheered the open borders are not going to be innocent even if they 'd like to imagine themselves to be . 
   , which is totally not `` white nationalists '' in code , taking matters into their own hands and the majority of the comments here are applauding it . 
  natural consequences of your insane politics . 
  things will get worse but do n't think you or the ` centrists ' and whoever else do n't share in the blame for whatever is coming . 
   some scottish people are murderers , therefore , scottish existence has deadly consequences . 
  those are n't real scots . 
   europe is based on immigration . 
  absolute bullshit . 
  europe as a civilizational and cultural juggernaut has existed for thousands of years . 
  has almost nothing to do with immigration . 
  xenophobia is on the rise because many of europe 's muslims are tribalist shits for the most part . 
  and our idiot leaders are importing millions more of them . 
   if the ngos are banned , these people will die . 
  then they will stop making the trip and less people will die in the end . 
  msf has lost that reputation for me anyway . 
  it 's methane . 
  methane is an extremely powerful greenhouse gas . 
  it 's probably a good thing then that it 's being burned off rather than allowed to escape freely . 
  the finns are really trying to out-dutch us . 
  it was meant as a backhanded insult . 
  i liked obama but he was a disappointment . 
  and for macron my expectations are far lower so i find the hype and fawning coverage surrounding him courtesy of the chattering class very amusing . 
  we shall see i guess . 
  he seems to want to be transformatie and he has no excuses if he does n't deliver ( full executive power ) . 
  that 's a recipe for either greatness or . . not . 
  and yet it 's our lefties that defend and enable them . 
  except macron does n't have a plan for the biggest issues . 
  he may have the magic recipe for neoliberalism \u2122 for the economy but even if that works ( and it might , he inherited the economy at an opportune time ) the biggest problems facing france and europe he and his class refuses to adres . 
  so he will probably be a failure . 
  as for obama , he spend all of his political capital trying to built consensus with republicans far beyond it was more than clear that they were the enemy and only scorched earth would be useful . 
  he even did so till the end of his presidency . 
  his presidency was mostly wasted . 
  humour me . 
  til some neoliberal bullshit list . 
  honestly ... who in this world is against the czech republic of all things ? 
  keep removing kebab czechbros , i support you 100 % and nobody else gives a fuck, 
  he 's the obama of our time !, 
  just send all the scum to germany ( all ! ), 
  until your idiot leaders learn . 
   the people who beat this couple up need to be deported immediately . 
  and the rest of the lot too . 
  those damn right-wing extremists at it again . 
  best outcome is for both to lose . 
  certainly not siding with qatar . 
  that 's insane, 
  [ suck it , finland ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4ih6x0/average_european_penis_size/ ), 
  there 's lots of horrible people on this planet and sadly they reproduce faster than us ( see mena ) . 
  i 'll go celebrate population declines once they happen there . 
  all downhill and then back on the renfe, 
  like the uk you mean ? 
  nice that spain still grew !, 
  did n't expect that . 
  probably if you do 2009-2016 it will look a bit different ? 
  yeah i had just found it on google earth !, 
  i know madrid very well ( erasmus + bicycle ) but it was hard to recognize with the mass of people and the fountains that are different today . 
  which/where is this wonderful square ? 
  i do not recognize it . 
  `` hotels are not in residential areas '' there is no sharp distinction in europe . 
  we do n't do euclidean zoning .
