  in fact i followed it closer than i do now . 
  the stakes were higher in 2004 than in 2012 . 
  i think you 're forgetting how hated bush was ( of course he was n't at peak unpopularity yet ) . 
  2008 was a huge deal , mccain might not have been satan but it was at a critical time in world history . 
  the question was wat sort of nation the us was going to become . 
  2010 was when republicans flourished into stark raving mad but it was less important than the 08 election . 
  cant be caught eating pig !, 
  maybe he 's just trying to make her feel at home ? 
  you 're right about that . 
  though to be fair , the dems and reps have painted every election since 2004 as life-or-death . 
  so they have been in that routine for a while . 
  in france it appears that a new life-or-death routine is forming so it will be interesting to see what the response will be . 
  bu in the us it developed the way it did so it might well be the course it takes in france . 
  perhaps i 'm a little ignorant of french politics . 
  it could be far more polarized than ours simply because of the presidential system . 
  with us there are always concessions and coalitions . 
  so even now the main focus of the political discussion is how to re-enfranchise the extremes/populists to the mainstream . 
  but that may be a product of our consensus-driven politics . 
  if the democrats had barely beat trump , would they have been wise to do some soul searching ? 
  my main point is that a loss against trump or le pen is not the same as a loss against a romney or chiraq . 
  of course the republican party produces both ( and up until trump , exclusively produces non-trumps ) while fn only produces le pens . 
  but maybe there is no perceived material difference and people are n't making these calculations . 
  so it will just be business as usual then ? 
  i 'm kind of analyzing this from a game theoretic perspective . 
  normally you have r and s and you win about half the time . 
  if you lose it 's no big deal . 
  but now losing means an extremely tough program on immigration and destroying the european project & euro ( potentially ) . 
  so the stakes are very different . 
  therefore if it is possible to eliminate that scenario in the future by making concessions it might make more sense than doing it if the prospect is just a run of the mill r or s loss . 
  see how the scenarios are different ? 
  fn got 18 % of the vote before . 
  so doubling would be pretty game-changing no ? 
  anyway there 's no conceivable electoral path with 20 % . 
  40 % however is a coalition that may be only an election away . 
  what i 'm asking is how the winners will handle it . 
  not so much the losers . 
  having socialist/republicans gain 40 % against you is n't scary . 
  i assume le pen is , unless detractors have been hugely hyperbolic ( i do n't think they are ) . 
  i wan na say yes but really no . 
  but in the us the revolutionary forces have won . 
  what i 'm saying is that ( like the us ) this is n't a normal election , but here the revolutionary forces are going to lose . 
  but are the incumbents really going to be happy with that prospect dangling around their neck for the next election ? 
  you know in the us normally the dems and reps campaign and one of them wins and they just accept that in the ( near ) future the other party is going to win . 
  just like in france . 
  but i assume in france that such a scenario might be very disconcerting and not satisfactory . 
  wo n't there be an attempt to speak to that 40 % so to avoid living under threat of political revolution ? 
  it 's an ` oops ' statement and it also shows popular pressure . 
  and she can say whatever she wants . 
  in reality she has put in border checks , made the turkey deal and stopped whining about the closing of the balkan ( and is obviously applauding it now ) . 
  if you ca n't admit the massive backtracking and clear fuck-up here ( and the huge contrast between 2015 and 206 merkel ) then i do n't know what to tell you . 
  what about their concerns ? 
  is france going to live in a split society ? 
  or will that result just be business as usual , and tell nothing we do n't already know . 
  words are meaningless . 
  what matters is actions . 
  `` let the floodgates open '' is exactly what our ( your ! ), 
  governing parties did until people started to revolt . 
  i do n't care if they said ` oops ' after . 
  that is n't enough for them to gain my trust ( and many others ) . 
  hence , here we are . 
  i 'm liberal though ( just hate islam and other totalitarian bs , also love free speech ), 
   this is all the protest voters who ran to these parties really wanted that is silly . 
  you think people give protest votes for some lip service ? 
  what 's the point of that ? 
  the lip service has real consequences attached to it . 
  without the revolt of the people the floodgates would still be open in your country . 
  the lip-service by merkel and other mainstream politicians signals to some voters that they have heard them . 
  but obviously it would be worthless if the floodgates were still open . 
  materially huge changes have to be done in conjunction with it . 
  here in holland the floodgates had to be stopped * and * the politicians had to play extreme-right lip-service just to regain the trust of * some * of the voters . 
  that is not unequivocal losing on the part of the populists . 
  but we will see how things develop . 
  your right wing populists got 50 % of the votes in the first election . 
  how did that change narratives and perceptions after ? 
  i guess the election being declared inadmissible immediately focused everyone 's attention on the redo and ` defeating the nazis ' and by the time that came around everyone was used to 50 % voting for the populists . 
  so maybe you 've never even had a chance to fully internalize it because of that clusterfuck of an election . 
  or did you ? 
  hahaha no stayed a night near lancaster at my friend 's family house . 
  actually before that we met an amish in reading terminal in philly and i had to explain to my friend your little story about the dutch . 
  he wanted me to converse with him in dutch . 
  i think i had read about it prior in the guidebook so i was prepared . 
   the only people here saying vvd+g roenlinks is going to happen are overly optimistic ~ ~ groenlinks ~ ~ pvda supporters . 
  ftfy  seriously though , just overly optimistic left-wingers . 
  not specifically gl, 
  are you stupid ? 
  i was asking french people precisely because i 'm not french . 
  can you stop shitposting and being r * tarded ? 
  non-french answers are welcome too so long as they are n't shitposts like yours . 
  thanks for derailing my question . 
  you 're not even french ... france has an interesting presidential system who 's system is going to result in a % of the vote for the populist candidate that to me seems impossible to ignore . 
  it 's not like my holland or ( your ? ), 
  germany where it 's 15 % of voters who can neatly be shoved back into the bottom cabinet after the election is over ( is it ? ) . 
  that distinction is going to give us a very interesting scenario . 
  it 's worth thinking about is n't it ? 
  because it 's what 's most likely going to happen . 
  so instead of shitposting worthless replies it would be nice if you 'd refrain . 
  because i 'm genuinely interested in the french opinion on this ( or even others . . as long as they answer instead of shitpost like you ) . 
  tl : dr : france 's election is going to be different than the others ( because presidential system ) . 
  i 'm only assuming that in public life , media , elite occupations and polite company that front national is still completely taboo ( maybe i 'm wrong ) . 
  what will happen in a france when she gets ~ 40 % of the votes ?
