  same in austria . 
  and let 's see what macron does . 
  if he does n't capitulate like the rest of them he will just be hollande ii . 
  i bet you that . 
  when it 's europeans ( or chinese ) doing all the street-crime and blowing up kids ' concerts every week we can talk . 
  until then keep your silliness to yourself . 
  people have to be/become liberal democrats . 
  muslims reject this in too large numbers . 
  as far as i can tell they are the only ones that do so . 
  they have been lied to . 
  just like all of western europe . 
  i 'm not sure how democratic that is . 
  it 's naive stupidity . 
  where 's your altruism for the victims of this dangerous and failed experiment in mass-migration ? 
  the altruism for the gays and jews ? 
  for women ? 
  the altruism for the thousands drowning in the med because of the golden pot you 've set up on our shores . 
  the altruism for your grandchildren ? 
  the discussion here in the netherlands really did start before any personal tragedy with pim fortuyn ( before 9/11 and before he was killed ) . 
  i guess it 's the dutch-directness , we 're not especially inclined towards political correctness even though we are very liberal . 
  yes . 
  all these people are cowards whose graves should be spit on . 
  hopefully we can let their names live on in shame so that future generations do n't follow their quisling example . 
  carter really is a naive fool . 
   universities and student unions in particular have been the worst offenders with de-platforming or deliberately trying to shut down events with speakers who they do n't agree with , rather than simply protesting them , i think this is a very anglo thing . 
  this particular thing is n't so bad on the continent and i think we 're past the crest of this insanity anyway . 
  so there is n't much opportunity for it to take hold in the continent anymore . 
  we do have a media problem though . 
  but that is getting better too . 
   `` immigrants are needed to do the jobs locals wo n't do '' and `` we must get better at creating simple jobs for those poor unemployed immigrants '' a lot of larping american liberals in sweden i presume . 
  just copy and paste the arguments and ignore the context . 
  let 's talk about man-spreading !, 
  yep , nearly all the small states were ` neutral ' . 
  it 's just that for some of them germany made the decision that this was not an option . 
  well sweden does have problems . 
  it 's not somalia of course though it 's a bit more like somalia than 5 years ago . 
  the legal system should have very little to do with affording non-citizens the * privilege * of citizenship . 
  the executive should have every power to bar any non-citizen it pleases when it comes to citizenship . 
  refugee status should be a privilege . 
  not a right . 
  our leaders are insane . 
  we should be able to bar anyone for whatever reason we like . 
   he could have been called john smith - it would n't make what he 's done any better . 
  it would have made it very different . 
  as of now it 's muslims doing all the terrorism and failing to integrate . 
  only a token few of them have names like john smith . 
  that looks like a fun 70s mess to be honest . 
  i like it . 
  meh . . at least it looks interesting . 
  monpernasse is a lot worse . 
  it 's unwieldy . 
  i actually prefer schnabeltier that i saw here before . 
  much more efficient since schnabel describes a bird beak anyway . 
  snaveldier !, 
  i think only the english call it platypus . 
  in dutch it 's bird-beak-animal . 
  might be similar in german too . 
  no , i 'm not going to throw out colombians or ukrainians out of political correctness . 
  they have been able to integrate . 
  i want to bar the ones that have n't . 
  let 's carve out a state along religious lines out of an ex-british colony in the 40s to protect our people from the oppressive majority . 
  fundamentally similar . 
  it looks very similar today after some rain . 
  nice picture though . 
   but if course as we know today it was really just fear . 
  could that same fear play a part in your statements about various races religions and cultures ? 
  i do n't know . 
  maybe you can take a look at the hellhole and savagery where the world 's 1.6 b muslims live . 
  unfair generalization i suppose . 
  i repeat : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_ongoing_armed_conflicts, 
   yes that 's exactly what the nazis did . 
  do you think the jews integrated ? 
  do you think they were considered hostile ? 
  i 'm not godwinning it 's exactly the same situation . 
  no , they exterminated 6 million of them . 
  who 's advocating anything of the kind ? 
  if you are saying that jews at the time had an ethnic monopoly on street-crime and harassment like moroccans do here then i guess our history books skipped over a lot out of political correctness . 
  i do n't buy it though . 
   it 's north africans now ? 
  i thought it was only muslims because it 's not racist that way . 
  it 's not just north-africans . 
  it 's turks , pakistanis , somalis etc. 
  iranians have done alright but that is likely due to a selection-bias . 
   seriously you sound like a nazi . 
  nope , govts inherently generalize . 
  they identify problem x and write a law or policy for it . 
  women 's issues , migration issues , pensioners etc. 
  rather than sit down with you and ask you what you want over a cup of coffee . 
  it 's just that we have wrongly decided that discrimination based on culture is somehow off-limits or even the conversation is off-limit . 
  people do n't hate nazis because they decided to bar immigration form a hostile and failed group of immigrants ( 50 years we 're talking about and things are getting worse rather than better ) . 
  they hate nazis because they started ww2 , killed millions of people and attempted to genocide an ethno-religious group . 
  godwinning like this confuses the debate rather than clarifies it . 
  ` oh i want to stop immigration from these groups of people that have failed to integrate for 50 years , does this make me nazi ? ', 
  rather than evaluating such proposals on their merits . 
  maybe it was his brother who he 's joining for 15 years in prison ... 
   this does n't really say much . 
  what are you concerned about ? 
  if it 's lack of freedoms , why does n't your argument apply to parts of eastern europe ? 
  if it 's violence , why does n't it apply to sub-saharan africa ? 
  if your metric is based on empirics , why do n't you favor immigration based on these empirics directly , rather than on someone 's color and religion ?
