  why would n't it be biased against le pen ? 
  she 's likely to get 40 % of the french vote . 
  i think on this sub 10 % would be a good guesstimate, 
  klaver is n't terrible . 
  it 's just that wilders is a pretty good debater , so he 's better . 
  he 's won twice against klaver i think , though it may just be the case that it 's not the debate quality but the substance that the dutch disagree with klaver with in these debates : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b-gcwwi3qyq, 
  rutte did debate against wilders ... 
  i think rutte won but it was not some huge score or anything . 
  wilders is a good debater , one of the better ones . 
  rutte and pechtold might be better . 
  klaver and roemer are definitely worse . 
  no clue , like i said i did n't watch it . 
  the thing is that the other candidates ' voters according to this poll split pretty much the same way the general polls do . 
  i certainly expect average melenchon and fillon voters to be less biased than this sub . 
  yes but objective perspective = uk did nothing and ussr carved poland up together with hitler . 
  seems like this debate wo n't shift attitudes much . 
  which i guess is in macron 's favor . 
  i did n't see the debate but this subs ' bias was so obvious in the debate thread xd it was a sight to behold !, 
  you would have thought that le pen took out a french flag and shat on it right there on stage ( did she ? 
  well seems like you 're right about that . 
  still doing nothing/little is obviously better than attacking and invading you . 
  this idea that the soviet union was liberating you are of course nothing but soviet imperialist delusions . 
  they partnered with the axis and that 's all there is to it . 
  luckily the soviets did send land troops to help you guys out : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soviet_invasion_of_poland, 
  and i 'm sure france just planned to be invaded and conquered as well too huh ? 
  i understand why the polish are cynical and conspiratorial . 
  but it has to do with the soviet union , not the allies . 
  what crack have you been smoking ? 
  the uk was involved from the start . 
  you know , back when stalin was helping hitler invade your country . 
  it 's true that the uk was looking after its own interests . 
  it just so happened to be their interests were against the totalitarian dictators of europe . 
  hmmm in quantities maybe . 
  but as a polish citizen you should not forget churchill 's and stalin 's roles at the start of the war . 
  churchill stood up to hitler , stalin stood with hitler . 
  ooh fancy words there !, 
  i did n't realize you were an intellectual , sorry !, 
  i forfeit the argument !, 
  you 're blabbering on without saying anything at all . 
  it 's clear you do n't even understand what i wrote or understand the fundamentals of the eurocrisis . 
  please read a damn book before you accuse others of being populists and demagogues . 
  all of this is mainstream economics left-and - right . 
  is paul krugman a demagogue to you ? 
  and which countries got a referendum to join the euro ? 
  democratic legitimacy is a laughable argument here . 
  especially as the election is still to come . 
  the flawed design of the euro is something everyone admits . 
  a currency union without a fiscal union can not function properly . 
  it 's the reason why we have a lost generation of southern europeans and even french to some extent . 
  it 's a crime against tens of millions of europeans who have been unemployed or underemployed the last decade . 
  it will affect their entire career . 
  the fact is we 're not going to get a fiscal union as we northern europeans refuse to be responsible for the south 's expenses and they would refuse even more for us to control their expenses ( even though the latter was forced anyway by nothern europe through the awful 3 % rule of austerity ) . 
  so this is simply an idea that is floated to return control of currencies to nations that need it without destroying the euro . 
  i do not know if it is a good idea as i have not studied it ( well i studied it more than you clearly ) . 
  but it should not be dismissed out of hand without knowing what you are talking about . 
  agreed . 
  now please civilized people , vote like your life depends on it this weekend because if the zombie nazis win it will be a nuclear holocaust . 
  thank you . 
  that 's how currencies work ... you seem to lack an argument . 
  this is the dumbest most lazy sort of statement that can be made in 2017 . 
  it 's weird how we 've become so desensitized against this sort of savagery while at the same time throw the biggest tantrum if someone in our ` tribe ' refuses to bake a gay cake . 
  such a schizophrenic times . 
  wonder what it will lead to . 
  such a gorgeous country . 
  right wing does not mean anti-authoritarian . 
  in any case nazism was what it was . 
  their greatest enemies were communists and anarchists . 
  that does n't mean those groups were good though . 
  what do you mean it does n't work the other way around ? 
  full disclosure : i wanted to vote wilders ( my first right-wing vote . . have been voting since 09 ) but i ended up voting for forum for democracy which is a snobby and new anti-immigration and anti-eu alternative . 
  i voted for them for mostly social costs reasons but also strategic reasons ( make it easier for people like me next election ) either reason would have been good enough in isolation . 
  so how so the other way around ? 
  that there 's no shame in voting extreme left or something ? 
  that is nothing new and especially now it seems like the left is especially intolerant ( fear of zombie/incognito nazis waking up at the moment ) . 
  people have always proudly said that they are marxists in any social environment . 
  compare that to calling yourself a fascist . 
  and then look at the damage and death both ideologies have caused . 
  it 's just that the instincts of marxism and the far-left seem a lot more kosher and empathy-based rather than fear and strength . 
  but ultimately the pitfalls are the same , dehumanizing political opponents . 
  that 's how you get the carnage . 
  hmmm . . 
  i know very little of the afd . 
  i know more about le pen . 
  the way you describe it the afd social costs sound higher . 
  might have something to do with the nature of germany . 
  wilders social costs are definitely a lot lower than what you describe though . 
  people with masters ' degrees might/likely think of you * differently * and it could very well affect your social life but not as extreme is you make it sound . 
  still there is definitely social control on voting wilders that is class-based . 
  i dunno , you 're not the only country that did n't conquer half the world you know . 
  but you are sandwiched between the two great modern continental powers . 
  lucky we 've had belgium as our buffer state at least . 
  nope , social costs too high in their circles to vote le pen no matter the substance . 
  you 're the one who brought up ethnicity , not me . 
  seems like you talked yourself into a box and are getting a bit upset . 
  no need for that , make yourself a cup of tea !, 
  we have people of many backgrounds here , even * smelly balkan * folk . 
  you really ought to consider writing less and reading more . 
  lol you 're pretty a pretty ridiculous fellow so i 'm just going to leave you to your hissy fit . 
  king of assumptions i see . 
  i 'm not white-bread dutch/northern european either so just continue with your clueless tirades .
