  i have n't watched it in a loooong time . 
  but every dutch person just loves the intro and outro song, 
  dolf did nothing wrong !, 
  also best dutch intro : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bdxsqagheb0 and best outro !, 
  : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lfqrto5yjbk, 
  rick and morty is some of the best television making of all time imo . 
  deff my fave cartoon of all time just 2 seasons in . 
  it 's strictly aimed at adults though . 
  but i do n't watch a lot of tv ( esp cartoons ) so there might be more ( heard good stuff about adventure time , steven universe and i 'm sure there 's more ) . 
  whoa . . 
  i thought they were dutch !, 
  ( i did n't watch a lot of it but my roomies loved them ) . 
  good on you czechoslovakia !, 
  they got some really funny voice actors here to do you justice . 
  russia would feature waaay more prominently now . 
  this was before crimea , nh17 and the escalation in syria ... 
  this map just shows how stupid global public opinion is in it 's myopia and west-obsession . 
  the west is put to different ( higher ) standards than those of which thug behavior is expected . 
  2013 was before russia proved once more how stupid global public opinion is . 
  this is more a black eye on the world than on the us ( i guess it 's both ) . 
   i do n't think the silent majority wants to completely ban muslim or mena immigration altogether , that 's what the chatham poll said last week . 
  64 % against 20 % in your country . 
  i kind of do n't believe it either but it 's a respectable organisation and it 's hard to mess up statistics by those margins . 
  i kind of do believe the public is at least split on the issue ( with public discourse , media and elite being totally detached from this reality ) . 
   i think it 's something that a silent majority want this i have no doubt , apparently the massive silent majority wants to completely ban muslim-migration altogether so i ca n't see them being very concerned over damn jihadis . 
   who were at war with each other most of the time . 
  and individually multiple countries had more influence than the eu does as a whole today . 
  we do n't have to go back to colonialism . 
  we also do n't have to self-flagellate for some of these thug countries out of misplaced guilt . 
  no point being nice when everyone plays dirty . 
  appeasement has given us putin . 
   yeah , morals are a bitch . 
  i do n't consider bribing countries to take back their illegals to be ` morals ' . 
  certainly not more than threatening them with sanctions instead . 
  that is your job poland, 
  europe was far more influential when it was n't trying to be friends with everyone . 
  today we 're the ` nice ' rube getting abused by everyone for no reason . 
  simpy out of cultural masochism . 
  well we can wash our hands of it . 
  but of course there is always the tiniest chance that someone innocent gets hurt . 
  so best just bite the financial bullet and have them spend most of their life in an isolated prison cell ( islamists should not be mixed with the general prison pop , make a halal jail for them ) . 
  they are forcing our leaders to don islamic dress when they visit and humiliating women/our leaders in the process . 
  it 's their country and their rules . 
  but we do n't have to indulge them . 
  let them know politely that we ca n't attend any official functions in iran because of their blatant discrimination of women . 
  diplomacy can be done here in europe . 
  or not , their choice . 
  that 's going a bit far . 
  we know he executed 1 guy . 
  i 'm not one for giving islamist jihadist second chances at the expense of the public 's safety . 
  but we do n't have to kill him . 
  i like the idea of handing him over to assad though . 
  why is the source bad ? 
  just googled and checked the wiki and they seem to be legit and well respected . 
  ok , let 's demand their diplomats remove islamic dress when they visit us . 
  when in rome right ? 
  thx , i knew it was about half . 
  still , the problem is obviously not just one man . 
  people also dislike erdogan for the shit he fucks up in his own country . 
  not russia who goes on a tourist expedition in european countries . 
  putin is worse than erdogan . 
  huh ? 
  how is a coup or assassination not fine ? 
  the turkish army has protected turkey against islamist filth on multiple occasions . 
  if they were to do it again i would applaud them . 
   majority of turks . 
  majority of turks vote for him . 
  the problem is not one man . 
  i really hope he sits out the majority of that 28 . 
  edit : while a decent sentence , it really should be much much more . 
  this filth should not be allowed any ` good ' years of freedom . 
  let him go at 70 to be a beggar in the streets . 
  does belgium strip citizenship were possible like us with these jihadi scum ? 
  nobody has used that term outside of quotes ? 
  i did n't say any of that ? 
  the user made a comment about with how much glee people like to rub feminist 's face with their own hypocrisy . 
  i merely pointed out that feminism 's bad reputation at the moment is fully earned . 
  unrelated to the actions of this swedish government i mean except for the phenomena that the user noted . 
  i 'm not a donald trump supporter nor have i ever been or vocalized my support for him . 
  you however , just admitted that you are a filthy fascist :  welp i stand with both the feminists and the filthy islamists , your opinion is no longer relevant to anything . 
  edit : in fact i was happy that the march was so successful as it put trump and the republicans on notice . 
  i 'm not happy by the bs theocrat-fascist hugging by ` progressives ' and people like you and that deserves every criticism . 
   blaming all feminists for the silliest of them is as daft as blaming all non-feminists for the worst out of the red pill and the like . 
  that 's nice and i 'm sure there are many reasonable people that call themselves feminists . 
  but they are irrelevant , they do n't lead the conversation nor are they the heart and soul of the movement in 2017 . 
  feminism leads from the same disease as other sjw causes have the last few years ( the extreme right , at least in the us has been crazy for longer ) : a complete lack of self-correction and sanction of it 's extreme elements . 
  the silliest zealots lead the conversation and speak for these causes . 
  so called ` moderates ' are unwilling/afraid to correct them and usually attack those that do . 
  there is an asymmetry here . 
  the looniest zealots are also usually the most passionate ones and are therefore the energy of these movements . 
  this has very much been an anglo thing but parts of it have leaked into the continent over the past few years though the backlash is also well underway for a couple of years . 
   its not moral confusion , its just being inclusive to muslims if ` being inclusive to muslims ' entails promoting shariah apologists then the goal ought to be to be exclusive to muslims . 
  to be clear the goal is not to be inclusive to muslims , the goal is to stand for liberty , equal rights and justice . 
  muslims who feel included by what that entails ? 
  good !, 
  they are more then welcome . 
  if there are fascists , racists and filthy islamists who feel excluded and ostracized by this ? 
  good !, 
  they should be excluded , ostracized and driven out of our societies !, 
  linda sarsour was invited because intersectional ( code for : ignore me ) feminists demanded a token minority and virtue signaling .
