  without colonialism there would be no usa and it 's 300 million people living in some of the greatest welfare , freedom and social development that this world has ever seen . 
  but 15 million natives died . 
  without the us what would have happened during the cold war ? 
  there would be no democracy and instead another 800 million europeans would live under the slavery of stalinism . 
  without the us and the european zeal for discovery and exploration there would n't be a norman borlaug who saved a billion people in india and pakistan . 
  yes some of these connections are very tenuous . 
  would there even be world wars if things had gone different ? 
  but so is demanding apologies from europeans for events they had no personal involvement in . 
   i 'm not these people . 
  the\u00fd have to demand what they need for themselves . 
  do n't be obtuse ... nobody demands this and 95 % + of people have no clue that north africa took millions of european slaves as little as two centuries ago ( did you ? ) . 
  in any case those with a chip on their shoulder about the ottomans or the arab slavers find no audience . 
  my contention is that this is part of the reason why this is simply history rather than contemporary politics . 
  our relation with the ex-colonies and their ability to govern themselves would be much improved if they were forced to take complete responsibility over their own destinies rather than fall back on the crutch of a convenient boogieman . 
  like it 's corrupt leaders do now . 
  i see no reason why we should entertain and legitimize their anti-colonialism today . 
  but this is what our intellectualis and historians have done . 
  i do n't think it has been positive for our relations or their development for the reasons i mention here . 
   except that did n't really happen . 
  merkel & co are now pursuing such ` nazi ' policies as border checks within schengen , mass deportations and even housing refugees in the region . 
  all these ideas were derided as ` impossible ' nazi ideas proposed by nazis by your side two years ago before you were forced to pursue them yourself shortly after . 
  the border-checks were derides as constitutionally impossible ... why should anyone take your reservations seriously anymore ? 
   really ? 
  post-colonial immigration has been ongoing for nearly a century in western europe , and the constitutional rights and freedoms have not only remained intact during most of that time period , but they expanded in favor of an increasingly more free and fair society . 
  we 're still 85-95 % of the population and look how much chaos is already occuring simply because people refuse to accept it anymore . 
  what do you think will happen as we continue down your path ? 
  civil-war maybe ...  we 're talking about a very long period of time and a very large sample size here . 
  talking about sample sizes : http://www.pewforum.org/2013/04/30/the-worlds-muslims-religion-politics-society-beliefs-about-sharia/ and how about this sample size : among the world 's 1.6 billion muslims there is n't a singly country where non-muslims are truly equal and free to the extent that they are in the west . 
  that 's not a trivial sample size either is it ? 
  1 ) nasser is another example of a terrible failure of a leader coasting on his jingoism and the fanning of tribalism of his people to mask his failures . 
  what did he achieve other than whip the arab world into a genocidal frenzy against the jews and then lose the war that he organized against them ? 
  good example of another anti-colonial tool . 
  2 ) but him and ghandi are besides the point . 
  i 'm saying that anti-colonialism now is far beyond it 's expiatory date and only feeds the sort of corruption that we see right now . 
  obviously it served a goal during the actual independence struggle . 
   you know the world knows about colonialism whether the west apologizes or not then why does nobody talk about the millions of enslaved europeans at the hands of north africa ( quite recently ! ), 
  and the crimes of the ottomans or even the japanese ?? 
  why does the world only talk about the west ? 
   except improving relations with any peoples that was hurt by colonialism it has n't except that these people still have a chip on their shoulder and a foreign boogieman to distract from their domestic corruption and crimes ( as in mena for example ) . 
  ex ottomans do n't entertain the same whining and tribalism against their former colonizer and they are better for it . 
  the heirs of anti-colonialism ' are the likes of mugabe and gaddafi and the rest of the corrupt african union . 
   you are , however , deliberately supporting somebody who will not only govern worse , but represents an unprecedented threat to democracy and the constitutional order . 
  a few problems here . 
  1 ) i 'm not supporting le pen , i merely want her to do well because i have observed how desperately your side has already had to backtrack out of mere fear of the populists . 
  i will likely vote for wilders though and would n't mind if he got 50 seats ( he wont ) . 
  2 ) in my view your side 's immigration policies already constitute a much more final threat to democracy and constitutional order so even if the threat you describe is legitimate it 's moot . 
   so what needs to happen for you to back down ? 
  can you ask yourself the same question ? 
  that 's the dilemma we 're in . 
  anyway no economical and few constitutional arguments would deter me more than islamism so you 'd have to sketch things far uglier than even the most imaginative mind can . 
  literal nazis maybe . 
  you ? 
  when will your side back down from this poison pill ? 
   you are pushing for this to happen because you are tunnel visioning on a single issue , and you 're willing to sacrifice everything to get your way . 
  you could use some perspective . 
  all these accusations could be reflected on yourself with exactly the same argumentation . 
  people like le pen and ` my side ' would be completely irrelevant rather than mainstream if it were n't for the disastrous governance of ` your side ' the last few years . 
  you can blame the populists and the gullible voters all you want but ultimately responsibility lies with those in power . 
  that 's you . 
  brexit and everything else is on you and on your side `` tunnel visioning on a single issue ... to sacrifice everything to get your way '' as you so eloquently put . 
   it would n't . 
  it will speed up the process of everything else falling apart , but you will still not get what you want . 
  if european citizens demand it , national parliaments deflect their impotence to brussels . 
  either brussels yields ( depends if they decide to `` sacrificie everything for a single issue '' ) or they go away and national parliaments run out of excuses . 
   so unless you are prepared to sacrifice the entire western constitutional order , personal freedom , economic prosperity and global security and burn it all down at the altar of anti-immigration , you just have to get over it . 
  is this meant to be serious ? 
  look at the world around you collapsing . 
  that 's your politics . 
  this talking point of ` you simply have to accept this poison pill because we say so ' has failed spectacularly for your side over the past two years and your political leaders are desperately scrambling back . 
  a strong showing for le pen would speed up the process . 
  but i still would rather not have her win . 
   you can never do this enough . 
  we 're the only ones that apologize for our history . 
  this asymmetry between european people and the world has n't done us ( or the world ) any favors since we started doing it . 
  we should stop handicapping ourselves by playing by different rules when it does n't serve anything . 
  do algerians apologize for the millions of european slaves the barbary pirates took ? 
  of course not !, 
  they 'd think you were crazy for even mentioning it . 
  did n't realize macron put his foot in his mouth over algeria . 
  glad it hurt him . 
  the era of post-war western masochism or apologizing for colonialism is over i hope . 
  i guess my ideal outcome would be a 51-49 win for macron vs le pen . 
  ( i want a complete stop to muslim immigration but i do n't care for russian tools and am fairly leftist economically ) . 
   when in rome , do as the romans . 
  you ca n't honestly tell muslims in europe that they ca n't wear hijab yes . . 
  i 'm sure you are one of those romans who are demanding muslims here to conform to our culture and values and telling them to bin the hijab/s in any case this is n't about breaking their rules it 's about refusing to engage with them if they impose on us . 
  we do n't have to do our diplomacy over there or in the houses of the mufti or wherever else . 
  they can come here to europe and bend the knee and shake our hands like we demand . 
  they need us , not the other way around . 
  i was just reading about it yesterday and a lot of the talent went on to disney !, 
  among which the character design !, 
  i was watching the intro and i noticed how amazing the character design was so no surprise !, 
  you have a point , but herman van veen so we will claim it anyway !, 
  whoa , after finding out they are n't dutch at all now i also discover they 've kind of changed the whole concept in the translation !, 
  it 's not . 
  there are japanese and german co-directors and the animation might be japanese but the show is dutch if anything . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fpov5e9ypqw lol , the inane conversation is what makes it for me !, 
  i was about to ask !, 
  same voices for sure !, 
  lol , why ?
