  all these other things are outrageous but ultimately irrelevant to the overall level of outrage imo . 
  no goal shifting . 
   but it is worth noting that a lot of our deep culture has a christian bias and a lot of our policies reflect that . 
  nowhere else do religious minorities get as many rights and religious freedoms as in the ( ` christian ' ) west . 
  so even as far as your point may be true it is incredibly hollow . 
  the christian west is biased relative to what ? 
   while america is more secular than most , it is sliding backwards , as are certain enclaves in europe . 
  did trump win because of christianity ? 
  do n't think so , i think even islam was a bigger factor . 
  to me it seems like a backlash against identity politics ( and no place has gone as far of the deep-end in it 's discourse related to that as the us . 
  christian reactionaries might be coasting on that for a bit politically but atheism is growing explosively in the us . 
  it 's amazing how quickly views have changed on homosexuality as well . 
  in short i do n't think the republican victory was driven by christianity at all . 
  i do n't see european enclaves becoming more fundamentalist either . 
  i think you 're confusing nationalism and tribalism for it but that is a response to islam and its tribalism and a secular development . 
  poland is not more religious in it 's civic society as it was 5-10 years ago . 
  it is less so if anything . 
   dominance and repression in the south america and africa ? 
  i think you have a warped view on latin america , just because it 's riddled with corruption and crime and is very religious does not mean that it 's an example of religious repression . 
  again , relative to what ? 
  i think latam is a good example of the most progressive societies outside of europe and america . 
  which would put it in the top half of the class . 
  half of latin america had gay marriage before the us ( and it 's basically still nonexistent outside the americas and western europe ) . 
  islam on the other hand is undoubtedly on the bottom of the class in social liberties . 
  so as far as christianity is concerned , it seems like africa is the odd one out rather than the rest . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:world_laws_pertaining_to_homosexual_relationships_and_expression.svg  the answer is that , while philosophy will always intersect with policy , the ultimate factors for the levels of secularism , is that of stability , industry , and strong educated middle classes in developed economies . 
  i think this truism is a good example of liberal wishful thinking . 
  statistics is hard and causalities are almost always impossible to prove . 
  so the effect you 're describing is merely a correlation . 
  so is it wealth that drives secularism or the other way around ? 
  i know my history , the enlightenment started in italy who as a result became incredibly wealthy until religious repression chased it into northern europe . 
  antwerp became incredibly wealthy , then religious repression chased the enlightenment to amsterdam which became the richest city in the world . 
  then it went to the uk and the usa and the same thing happened . 
  i see a pattern . 
  the gulf is one of the wealthiest regions in the world . 
  and also among the most backward ( even within islam ) . 
  how to explain this ? 
  well their wealth certainly did n't make them secular . 
  so how did they become wealthy if not the secular quality of its people ? 
  that is no mystery to anyone ... 
  very simply , i do n't think the reaction would have been different if it were to ban all muslims . 
  in fact i 'm sure the backlash would have been worse . 
  you disagree ? 
  right , but today in 2017 the dominant christian culture ( europe and the us ) have fostered the most secular societies on the planet . 
  while the muslim world is the opposite today with a single ( half ) exception that is sliding into islamism too . 
  that is n't anecdotal . 
  * some people . 
  anyway i 've never experienced a christian pushing his values on me here in europe and nearly half are/were nominally christian . 
  with the exception of one religious studies teacher in high school , i went to a school with ` christian ' in the name though . 
  ( i was always atheist and i think most at the school were too ) . 
  nope . 
  most christians barely go to church . 
  to be honest , european muslims have most to lose with increased muslim migration . 
  the pressure cooker is only going to get more explosive . 
  i think he 's implying reprisals . 
  i think he 's wrong . 
  the shyness is completely due to what polite society deems socially acceptable imo . 
  i did n't complain about your political correctness . 
  i just think that that is where it is going to go . 
  we will do blanket bans of either muslim - or more likely ` terrorist ' countries . 
  rather than target muslims . 
  just because we do n't want to to admit we are targeting muslims . 
  creating many unneeded victims of the ban . 
   if you want to get rid off extremist , ban extremists . 
  if you want to get rid off people that do n't respect western culture , ban those people . 
  operationalisering such a ban in practice will translate to ` ban on muslims or muslim countries ' . 
  other ` extremist ' populations do not have a diaspora in europe that fosters and protects their extremism and backwardness . 
  backward african christians will be perfectly normal european christians in a generation ( or at least normal enough ) . 
  but it might very well be the case that we will ultimately sacrifice everyone else as well just for the sake of political correctness . 
  hence ` ban on muslim ( or ` terrorist ' ) countries ' and oppressed religious minorities from there be damned . 
  oh well , better than accepting more muslims . 
  he 's half indonesian , check your privilige [ racist ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kd5pydj1aau ), 
  all of your points are valid . 
  however , people are n't outraged because of any of that ( though the disastrous implementation has had some effect ) . 
  people are * principally * and ultimately outraged because it is a ban on * gasp muslims !, 
  which apparently most euros agree with . 
  hmm , good point . 
  i wil vote denk now . 
  i 'm curious how the populists will perform in the elections . 
  i was thinking that trump might deflate their potency before the elections but perhaps the ` shy-tory ' effect will turn out to be vastly underestimated . 
  i did n't downvote your comment . 
  i know what a leading question is . 
  but the clip is more talking about leading the subject , which is different . 
  but i looked at the survey home page and it appears to me they only tested on the question quoted . 
  so no leading . 
  edit : it 's a fun clip so i would never downvote it . 
  i did n't upvote it either though . 
  what is more practical/dependable : to build a dependable immigration policy by testing each applicant individually on how congruent they are with our values ( never-mind that their offspring might grow up more radical , as is already happening in europe ) or based on how the congruent the immigrant * society * is with our values ? 
  we would n't have to ban all muslim from all countries ( not turkey , probably not indonesia ) . 
  just most of them . 
  http://www.pewforum.org/2013/04/30/the-worlds-muslims-religion-politics-society-beliefs-about-sharia/  which case its islamophobic another meaningless term . 
  islamophobic implies irrational . 
  is it irrational to ban muslims ? 
  maybe , but that is n't established at all . 
  i do n't find anything irrational about it . 
  how is it a leading question ? 
  ` all further migration from mainly muslim countries ' ? 
  leading would be ` all further migration from mainly criminal muslims ' or something . 
  setting limits by education or economy is * discriminatory * as well . 
  perhaps you mean bigoted ?
