  ... are you lost or something ? 
  this is r/europe ... 
  i realize that australia is far away and riding your kangaroo on the wrong side can be confusing but i 'm baffled why you 're so insistent on reliving the 2016 american election . 
  nobody cares about clinton much less her crappy corrupt advisers . 
  i think clinton was a pretty awful candidate , i also think that trump is a million times worse and i 'm sorry that offends you . 
  but more importantly . . who cares ???? 
  clinton is irrelevant . 
  especially on this sub . 
  i 'm not sure if his fanbase will appreciate trump jumping into bed with the sultan of ankara . 
  a lot of labels have been levied at the far-right who have a range of wacky views . 
  but the one thing they are all consistent on is their hatred of islam ( ism ) . 
   but if you are a white collar worker sequestered in an office somewhere i do n't really see the opposition . 
  anything that makes islamists feel less welcome i applaud, 
  i 've never seen anyone claim that . 
  you fishing for red herrings ? 
  the clinton emails were blatant russian collaboration with trump if that is what you 're asking . 
  that does n't make them untrue . 
  care to link ? 
  balkan muslims are always conspicuously absent from jihadist groups , the terrifying opinion polls in the muslim world and islamism in general . 
  so i 'm unwilling to condemn them together with their religious compatriots . 
  pakistan , a province in indonesia is like that . 
  fucking turkey of all places has an islamist sultan as their dictator to be ( and that is perhaps still the most liberal muslim country ! ) . . 
  what am i missing exactly ? 
  of course that is ignoring the multitude of obvious countries like iran , saudi etc. 
  islam is infused in the law of the land and society in all these nations to at least some extent . 
  there is pretty much no country where you are n't a second class citizen to some degree as a non-muslim ( though the oppression ranges from mild to the most extreme in the world ) . 
  at least compared to how the worst western nations treat their religious minorities . 
  and those institutions have proven themselves to be completely resilient . 
  the entire media slaughters him every hour of every day . 
  the usa is not erdogan 's turkey and there is little perspective that it will become so . 
  add to that the fact that the usa is pretty much the oldest continuous democracy ( strong institutions ) and the comparison is very tenuous to say the least . 
  the chance that trump will rule for more than 8 years is pretty much zero . 
  would you be willing to stake all your money on erdogan being gone before he dies ? 
  he probably will but it 's no sure thing . 
  ataturk was a fantastic dictator . 
  these things are relative . 
  in most of the muslim world i do not support the democrats because the people are so fascist . 
   as talking to people from the west of turkey would show you . 
  yes . . 
  these people are so representative of islam in the world at large ... . not the 1.6 billion other muslims who live in countries that are all islamist to some degree and where islamism is even stronger than in turkey ( which is supposedly a bastion of liberalism in the muslim world ) . 
  it is simple : in 2017 islam is incompatible with our values and frankly incompatible with any infra-faith harmony at all . 
  maybe that wo n't be true in 2117 , but it is true today . 
  us westerners are so f * cking stupid and naive when it comes to islamism & islam, 
  oh yes , us westerners should also cease our illusions of the ` freedom fighters ' ( islamists ) on the ground and the ambitions of the ` innocent civilians ' . 
  and just admit that brutal dictators is the best that the greater arab world + has to offer and just wash our hands of the whole affair . 
  we do n't have to help the dictators oppress their citizenry but we do n't have to help those citizens and their fascist ambitions either . 
  if there are past demons some of us have to face as a consequence than i think we can honestly admit our past mistakes . 
  but turkey 's was isis global logistical center where everything came through . 
  it 's only natural that their hands are far dirtier than even the yanks when it comes to islamists . 
  it 's time we stop being quiet about that . 
  i understand , i just wanted to deflate this smug attitude about ` shakira law ' and how swedes and lefties will have endless semantic debates about * no-go zones * and fact checking trump 's bs just so they can avoid talking about the issues . 
  `` no go zones do n't exist in sweden !!!, 
  it 's a military term that blablabla ... everyone is free to go to rinkebby if you get permission from the local street gangs !!!, 
  fake news !!!! '', 
  if it were so good and our national dish , why is it impossible to get at a restaurant ? 
  other countries serve their home-cooking style dishes in restaurants . 
  ah hahaha i was wondering why all the youtube vids on it were in spanish !, 
  til !, 
  such a strange name for an austrian dish though . 
  what passes for schnitzel here in nl is usually chicken or pork anyway so we are truly schnitzel plebs . 
  ** god 's ( argentina 's ) version : ** https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/96/milanesa_napolitana_con_papas_fritas_rodajas_de_tomate_y_or%c3%a9gano.jpg, 
  i seriously doubt i could distinguish between good and bad rookworst . 
  i do appreciate it in my snert ( pea-soup ) though and do like the hema hotdog !, 
  i 'd never heard of that term before ( i 'm clueless about happenings south of the erasmus bridge or east from utrecht ) until my greek colleague in berlin mentioned it from her time in amsterdam . 
  cracked me right up !, 
  i 'm as dutch as our princess so i 'm ok with that . 
  pindasaus      any other sauce . 
  our average patatzaak beats you just for that . 
   i 'd go with the stamppot , it looks like good , hearty food . 
  moules frites looks like something that would leave you hungry again after 20 minutes . 
  that 's because moules & frites taste great while stampot is non-appetizing dredge . 
  anyway let 's settle this with capitalism & democracy : how many moules & frites restaurents/menus can you find in belgium ( or even nl ) vs stampot restaurants/menus in nl ? 
  nuff said . 
  you do n't read the british tabloids and dailies . 
  you probably only see the bbc . 
  bbc suffers from the same biases as german and swedish media . 
  their refugee reporting has been atrocious . 
  but the vast majority of the british yellow page press is very right wing so the polls do n't surprise me . 
  good opportunity to get rid of idiotic ancient laws pertaining to freedom of speech . 
  literal nazi !!!, 
  literal nazi !!!, 
  i do n't want to ban it because of crime . 
  i do n't want that wretched symbol of neanderthal oppression in my society . 
  if it scares away islamists to fuck off to their own shitty countries all the better . 
  edit : and businesses should be allowed to exclude the veil from their uniform requirements and it ought to be banned in public employment . 
  hopefully they ban the niqab too . 
  why should refugees be naturalized ? 
  is n't the point to provide them ( temporary ) protection from war supposedly ? 
  and why should they receive our lavish welfare ? 
  they are n't citizens . 
  again : protection from war . 
  yeah it may be much too soon for basic income the next four years . 
  it 's definitely not too soon to reform our asylum system though . 
  very late if anything . 
  naturalizaiton is another topic actually . 
  we 're talking about refugees ( who should n't be naturalized at all imo , but it 's still a different topic ) . 
  so it is a mountain !, 
  looks matterhorny to me !, 
   and the opinion of some random guy guardian interviewed does not equal a court ruling . 
  so the un secretary general 's special representative for international migration and development is some random guy . . who are you exactly ?
