  and i suppose you will have to judge each of their offspring as well as integration has been running backward for this group . 
  where are you going to deport the rejects to ? 
  perhaps we should do the sensible thing and generalize . 
   even evaluating by country is , while distasteful , acceptable well that 's probably how it would work . 
  ban every single muslim country except a token few ( balkans , ex-ussr ) . 
  we 're not going to be accepting christians from syria either . 
  as it 's hard in practice to operationalise that trough law . 
  apostates , adulterers , women . 
  and muslims are the only ones that want to kill them . 
  there 's a difference between not baking a cake for some gays and throwing them of buildings . 
  yes obviously i 'm willing to judge muslims based on their own opinions . 
  particularly if it 's fully consistent with all the other empirical evidence . 
  you have a better tool ? 
  it 's you who is making the improbable and unproven statement . 
  that muslims are peaceful and tolerant ( or can be ) when there is no evidence for that . 
  the fear is that we 'll become 1 % or 10 % or 30 % more like syria and less like holland or sweden . 
  this culture has nothing to offer except the misery they are fleeing . 
  already the synagogues here have police stationed outside of them . 
  that 's not because of pegida . 
  edit :  the ones who immigrate are more likely to be outliers right ? 
  no , they are the low-class of society economic refugees who are often the most backward . 
  and the syrians that are fleeing are sunnis fleeing the secular regime . 
  also the worst that syria has to offer . 
  well let 's stick to the facts , here 's what muslims believe : pewforum.org/2013/04/30/the-worlds-muslims-religion-politics-society-beliefs-about-sharia/ i 'm not a fan of apostate/gay executions . 
  maybe you are . 
  in any case i can tell you that these people and their children will not become my neighbors if i can help it . 
  probably , but the fact that they are fearing their electorate is a good sign . 
  well , let me know when muslims decide to join us civilized people then . 
  then we can talk . 
  while you wait for the reformation i 'll be protecting my liberal democracy thank you very much . 
  none of these groups see the west as their enemies . 
  the tribalism is not along ideological lines . 
  they do not produce so much crime and social nuisance as a consequence of it . 
  probably what you 're used to . 
  the only weird tasting tap-water i 've had was in the states and maybe argentina . 
  for me there is a hint of metalic tasting to our tap-water here but i like it fine  it 's well regulated and high-quality anyway . 
  ahh . . 
  the power of marketing and publicity ... 
  i will accept the answer that you find spa less boring tasting . 
  that 's legit . 
  what you just wrote though is a bunch of bull . 
  do you work for spa , 
  i was n't talking about assad ... http://www.pewforum.org/2013/04/30/the-worlds-muslims-religion-politics-society-beliefs-about-sharia/, 
  our borders are already sorta kinda secure . 
  it 's you who is having problems . 
  i do n't want italy to turn into an islamic shithole anymore than the next person and would pledge any help . 
  you 'd have to want it yourself though . 
  i will oppose any solution that eases the pain by spreading the disease around rather than curing it . 
  it only makes it easier for the merkels and the renzis to destroy our continent . 
  that 's not what i want . 
  not in italy and not here . 
  and i do n't know how keen the eu is to make more enemies of its members post-brexit . 
  maybe you should call their bluff . 
  unless the eu wants to destroy itself which is another way to solve the problem i suppose . 
   the aftermath of ww2 saw a lot of progress in the domain `` maybe it 's a bad idea to treat other humans as garbage '' . 
  not in syria . 
  that went over my head . 
  all these people turn into liberal democrats when they grow up in the west . 
  they have demonstrated such already . 
  not muslims . 
  i simply answered your question . 
  i never said they have to come from liberal democracies . 
  i was trying to illustrate the broadness of my concept of liberal democrats . 
  republicans are liberal democrats by that broad view too . 
  most probably do n't fit your narrow view of tolerance but i never said tolerance and besides . 
  i 'm open minded and welcoming of a huge variety of people , 
  well they are free to escape anywhere else they like . 
  but if it 's europe just make sure it 's in a prison cell anyway . 
  solved . 
  then ignore the eu . 
  what are they going to do . 
  kick italy out ? 
  it 's camps or death . 
  not camps or europe . 
  i wo n't turn my continent into the shithole that is the middle-east thank you very much . 
  who cares how the chattering class perceives it . 
  when have they showed any backbone the last years ? 
  austria should do what 's right for austria . 
  stop the migrants . 
  only strong actions like that will force the hand of squabbling weaklings like renzi and merkel to act in the interest of their nations ( and thus this continent ) as well . 
  no , the entire west is liberal democrats . 
  so are latinos and japan and recently south korea . 
  i 'm talking about the broad concept of liberal democrats . 
  you know , as opposed to totalitarian , communist or theocrat . 
  which is what islamist trash love so much . 
  oh , yeah that 's true but we tend to live in the real world . 
  maybe sweden can delude itself just a little longer so that we can all look at the result in horror in the west and decide to clean up our streets . 
  how about stop mass-importing a savage culture ? 
  crazy , i know . 
  i want them punished as a cautionary tale . 
  better sweden than germany or france . 
  lol . . 
  the mainstream parties are saying the same stuff as the supposed ` alt-right ' was five years ago ( well 2 years ago ) . 
  `` no more refugees ! '', 
  here wilders ` lost ' because his two largest rivals copied his immigration policies without his rhetoric . 
  and humiliated your sultan at an opportune moment . 
  now they have been unable to form a govt . 
  for 100 days because they ca n't have their anti-refugee , anti-islam majority without the pvv that they have excluded . 
  but they wo n't budge ( and it 's only the silent minority that at this point is making demands for continued asylum ) . 
  some ` loss ' .
