  supposedly the left wing protects the opressed against the opressors no ? 
  the human rights of its citizenry ? 
  i notice it 's islam that is the opressor all around the world wherever it catches root . 
  i do not believe in selling out women , sexual minorities or basically everyone that is n't muslim at the altar of moral relativism . 
  i do n't consider that left-wing but apparantly many left-wingers disagree . 
  fine then , i 'm not left-wing . 
  probably a sport hero ? 
  verstappen is in the zeitgeist but sven kramer is probably a better choice . 
  football is lacking at the moment : /, 
  she 's the worst thing that has happened to germany and europe since 1945 . 
  two unforgivable sins . 
  in the end her record is not just germany but the eu too . 
  austerity ( mass unemployment ) , '' wir schaffen es ' and brexit are her record . 
  disaster upon disaster . 
  history wo n't be kind to her . 
  if the tram runs on time they can quickly strike in france !, 
  people can read what i wrote and judge based on that . 
  when it comes to anecdotal stories , yes i 'm biased . 
  so is the entire media context afaic . 
  this is not a battle worth fighting in 2017 . 
  we could do immeasurably more for animal welfare by banning slaughter without stunning the animal . 
  i 'm unsure i would support even that but if animal welfare trumps cultural sensetivity that is the obvious place to start . 
  not with pestering spaniards about a cultural institution that likely increases animal welfare ( those bulls have a better life than non-bullfighting calfs do elsewhere or in spain ) . 
  it was n't 20/20 hindight . 
  it 's what many people said at the time ( inc me ) for precisely the reasons that have beared out . 
  i was reading krugman at the time , i think his preferred solution was eurobonds and a more federal europe . 
  grexit was the obvious alternative that i thougt more realistic ( in the case of greece at least ) . 
  i 'm sorry but the poeple who chose this current course ( like those that championed austerity ) do not get to claim hindsight is 20/20 . 
  it was perfectly clear back then and was said by most economists ( but not economically liberal politicians ) . 
  i find it increasingly dysfunctional . 
  it seems to have combined the worst of federalism and confederalism . 
  i have gone from being pretty strongly pro-eu to thinking that it 's currently dysfunctional because of its politics to starting to think it 's entire conception is inherently dysfunctional . 
  i 'm sure we can exist and function as a strong but clear confederacy ( or even independent nation-states ) , i suspect that we could also function as a strong and centralized federation ( but politically impossible currently ) i very much doubt that this middle-way is sustainable and functional . 
  the only realistic solution appears to be confederacy and devolving to nation-states what we can or what is politically demanded ( freedom of movement and currency being the main sticking points ) . 
  but the disdain for this is deeply ingrained within the eu 's institutions and is fiercely ideological . 
  it is seen as failure . 
  did someody say german axis !!!?? 
  it 's all anecdotal in any case . 
  you 're right though , at this point i have no interest in anecdotal stories from the new york times and the likes painting fantasies about the refugees . 
  as frankly the entire mainstream media has been guilty of since 2015 ( though gravity has set in to some extent and some are living increasingly in the real world now ) . 
  while anecdotal stories on the other side i can certainly tolerate . 
  in my defense though i would say that the media has been incredibly uneven and dishonest in its reporting of these stories ( a natural consequence of the paternalistic instincts that all humans and especially journos have ) so stories on the other side serve the balance . 
  this does n't . 
  and in addition , and maybe more importantly , the statistics support my side of the debate . 
  so in my view that means reality is on my side . 
   if a `` renaissance '' with regards to islam can start anywhere , it 's here in europe . 
  just throwing everyone out because they simply were born into a certain religion though ... how about instead of importing this hostile culture by the millions , and merely * hoping * for an enlightenment that may come this millenium or not , we do it the other way around ? 
  let the enlightenment sweep the muslim world and then we can import as many as you like ? 
  or is that too sensible ? 
   and this is what you get when you use a very broad brush to paint everyone with . 
  i did n't . 
  i did the opposite of generalisation , i looked at the world as it is . 
  i did not take saudi arabia or albania and used that to paint the entire muslim world with . 
  i looked at all the conflict that is plainly visible today in 2017 . 
  and i note that everywhere islam comes into contact with something else ( including different variaitions of islam ) there is conflict . 
  you do the math then if the obvious conclusion is too taboo to say out loud . 
   should we judge christianity by the religious crazies in the usa as well ? 
  say they 're just as the westboro baptist church who think all gays will burn in hell ? 
  no , and i did n't ? 
  these few crazies do n't even have a pretend state , and they are angels compared to isis who do have a state and millions of subjects ( most of whom accepted them with open arms because they hated their shia neighbors more ... oops another uncomfortable truth ) . 
  but i did n't mention isis or any other anecdotal occurance . 
  i looked at the world as a wole . 
  you have n't found fault with my emperical observation , rather it 's the conclusion that naturally follows that you find problematic . 
  but i 'm not concerned with problematic opinions or conclusions , i deal in facts . 
  if that does n't jive 100 % with the * end of history * fantasies of the 90s or the * we 're all equally the same * delusions of the 60s then so be it . 
  those people were ( clearly ) not infallible . 
  can anybody say with a straight face greece would n't have been better of with a controlled and mutual divorce from the euro in 2010/11 ? 
  unless of course the eu would have been somehow vindictive in such a scenario . 
  in the end greece ( and the rest of us ) had to suffer for the greater design/pet project of the eurocrats . 
  ca n't have a nation leave the eurozone , because what would that imply !, 
  may 's objective is to be pm and set out the task that her voters handed her . 
  i 'm pretty sure she is not a brexit ideologue but those are the cards she 's been dealt . 
  i 'm always amazed that tiny sweden still builds cutting edge badass fighter jets . 
  happy with the sale !, 
  do we need token muslim countries to pad our diversity quotum or something ? 
  the eu is big enough as it is and the one thing we do n't need is more sectarianism within our borders . 
  if you want this federal project to succeed ( and i 'm no longer convinced that i do ) there is enough work cut out creating a union out of what we currently have either . 
  we 're talking about the fog of war here . 
  people at the end of the bayonet are n't put on trials either . 
  italy was pretty well stateless at the time . 
  besides , judges are not supernatural beings . 
  it 's obvious without a shadow of a doubt that judges could not have come to a more optimal ruling when it comes to mussolini . 
  his actions and fate were unquestionably as they were . 
  this man had already escaped imprisonment . 
  it was absolutely vital that he 'd die as quickly as possible . 
  many lives depended on it . 
  vigilante justice is justified in such a case . 
   so before mh17 he shielded russia from criticism yup he was wrong here , but it 's not outside the euro-mainstream . 
   afterwards he was hoping everyone forgets , describes all our mps . 
  wilders has been indistinguishable from everyone else here . 
  even if he was a russia stooge in the le pen mold he has n't had the opportunity to reveal it as all our mps have acted like pathetic quislings on this issue . 
   and now he 's working together with other russian stooges to undermine dutch strength and european unity , this is your normative judgement of the political situation . 
  my side can make the exact same argument against you for selling our continent out to islam . 
  i wo n't brand you a traitor for it though because i know that is n't your goal , merely the effect . 
  the goal of wilders or his voters is n't to become a russian satellite state either even if you judge that ( wrongly ) to be the effect . 
  i think you know this . 
  the nsb-turks can not be given the same benefit of the doubt as there is no ambiguity in erdogan 's words and he has been completely transparant in his threats and slander of our nation . 
  they are intentional traitors . 
  mate , this is not the right hill do die on . 
  the world is just not going to be this perfectly civil and just society 100 % of the time .
