  source : 1 ) a few thousand militia gain control over millions . 
  that does n't happen without local support no matter how ugly the implication . 
  very inconvenient and painful , but true . 
  2 ) they pretty much captured every major sunni city north of baghdad . 
  i 'm not aware of a single shia town that they captured . 
   last time i checked , these people were fleeing isis the refugees are mostly sunnis fleeing from assad . 
  a few that have fled isis too , sure . 
   i fail to see the point of your comparison luckily i have comprehensively put your correlation under great doubt beyond that throwaway remark . 
  why do n't you respond to that instead ? 
  there appears to be no basis for your assertion that education breeds moderate muslims in the statistics . 
   your polls ... show a great divide among muslims in the interpretation of islam true and i never denied that . 
  there 's a great variety in the polls between nations that mostly varies from bad to horrifying in their views . 
  you haven ' given me a good argument why i ca n't draw conclusions based on that for the benefit of my own society though . 
  as for christianity and islam . 
  i do n't care about christianity , but the nations in the world who treat their citizens and minorities the best are all culturally christian . 
  that 's where enlightenment has taken root . 
  muslin nations on the other hand are virtually uniformly bad for homosexuals , apostates and women ( some mere state-sanctioned bigotry , others death ) . 
  appealing to ` generalizations = bad ' simply does n't work here because it can be abused in any context and against your own positions too . 
   luckily , that is n't your decision , since ( for the time being , at least ) your views are not the views of the majority in your or my country , a fact which i ca n't deny gives me great satisfaction . 
  and how has this tolerance/patience developed the more your countrymen and mine have come into contact with more and more refugees ? 
  you 're defeating yourself and destroying the eu . 
  and for what ? 
  ultimately the longer this continues the more painful the correction will be . 
  * sips appletini, 
   in my experience , fundamentalism has a lot more to do with a lack of education than with an affiliation to a certain religion . 
  hence , all the bolivians beheading journalists and throwing gays of roofs . 
  cross referencing this : http://www.gallup.com/poll/6046/education-levels-nine-predominantly-islamic-countries.aspx with the pew data i already mentioned , i do n't see the correlation between education and enlightenment that you experience . 
  perhaps you are committing the ecological fallacy ? 
  perhaps this relation that might hold in general does n't hold in the specific context of islam . 
  there is one consistent factor among the vast majority of this ideology-driven barbarism we see in the world today . 
  it starts with the letter i. 
   thirty years ago , protestants and catholics in ireland were blowing each other up over religious disagreements . 
  would you pin their actions on catholicism ? 
  i think not . 
  while that is true , the violence between those groups is in no way comparable to what we see coming from islam today . 
  we are talking about the slaughter of millions and the beheading of little girls , the burning and live-skinning of people . 
  by comparison the violence from the ira was almost laughably civilized . 
  if today a jihadist group were to warn people in advance of bombs they were to set of they 'd receive the nobel peace prize and would be invited on all the talk shows to show how civilized muslims can be . 
   if you think there is one single valid interpretation of sunni islam but that is a straw-man is it not ? 
  the polls i linked you did not show 100 % uniformity of opinion . 
  instead it 's 60 % here that thinks gays should be killed , 40 % do n't in one country x % in the other and so forth . 
  you seem to want to preclude the drawing of conclusions based on such figures because ` generalization ' . 
  i think that 's silly , and in the long run it wo n't convince people . 
  in any case i have no reason to trust the ethnoreligious group ( sunni syrians and iraqis ) that welcomed isis and other jihadist groups with open arms . 
  they are n't welcome . 
  of course not . 
  but may 's approach to the us has been markedly different from other world leaders . 
  and besides , friends of this administration will not necessarily be friends of the next . 
  the opposite is already happening with putin , duterte and bibi . 
  look , this subreddit is full of fools who are now openly talking about close ties with china to make up for the us . 
  i 'm not one of them . 
  yes , i very much question the wisdom of having saudi arabia as an ` ally ' in this day and age . 
  certainly turkey is a million times the ally for sure . 
  the real problem with saudi arabia is the oil . 
  sure , many eurocrats are now calling for much tougher action on the refugee crisis . 
  and the most common reason is ` we must stop the growing populism ! ' . 
  so they see it as treating the symptoms rather than treating the disease . 
  they still rather blame the ignorance of the voter rather than admit they themselves were wrong about anything and that the ` populists ' perhaps have some valid concerns . 
   it is quite embarrasing that most europeans rather live in dark medieval dungeons than more comfortable modern houses/appartments . 
  lol , who 's arrogant now ? 
  and relax , you 're barking up the wrong tree anyway . 
  i like modernist architecture ( but also medieval dungeons ) . 
  but what i was talking about was the urban form/planning , not the architecture . 
  the skyscraper-in-park modernist design has conclusively failed to meet the needs of humans . 
  they do not feel at home there . 
   you can find ten surveys that prove your viewpoint and i can find ten that prove mine , and in the end we 'll both have proven nothing at all . 
  find me a better more comprehensive survey then the pew one . 
  as it stands this is just empty rhetoric . 
  and basically your argument now comes down to `` i do n't like those polls , i ca n't intellectually refute them so i choose to ignore them '' . 
  well i guess that is sort of an admission that they are problematic and that my gripes with them are completely legitimate . 
  you just choose to believe they are wrong because it 's an easier way out . 
  fine . 
   in your generalisations , you completely ignore the fact that these immigrants are from a large variety of different countries with completely different cultures , societies , judicial systems etc. 
  supposedly they are syrian refugees . 
  and sunni , syrians to be exact ( as in the group that welcomed isis with open arms in syria and iraq ) . 
  you can go back to the pew polls and look at attitudes in iraq , jordan and palestine to get an idea . 
  syria was n't polled strangely , because at the time they were too busy bringing their wonderful ideas into practice . 
  but we can assume they are more similar to their neigboring countries than belgium for example . 
  i feel like this specificity adequately meets your complaints about generalization . 
  it is not just afghanistan that is the problem at all . 
  if they are highly educated and hold these backwards views it 's frankly even worse . 
  but no real admissions . 
  the flaws always seem to be ` populism ' or ` the voters have the wrong ideas ! ', 
  rather than ` we were wrong about refugees and we should stop importing more islam ! ', 
  or something else that would be a cause rather than a symptom . 
  would we want to be ? 
  pretty big asymmetry in terms of clout no ? 
  therein lies the problem with option 3 . 
  hard to balance a small union . 
  still , the other options seem worse . 
  sounds reasonable , we 've been slacking a bit [ lately ] ( https://what-if.xkcd.com/53/ ), 
  that 's so short-sighted . 
  but the world is so unpredictable nowadays that perhaps that counts for realpolitik now . 
  right , i guess i forgot to mention i read the article . 
  she 's the first leader to visit sultan erdy post-coup . 
  that counts for something . 
  i doubt the british people 's first choice in partners is him and trump . 
  still , given the circumstances it is good pragmatism on may 's part and a good deal in it 's own right, 
  no , do you honestly think a few thousand terrorist can gain control over millions of people without local support ? 
  they were absolutely welcomed .
