  and have we done well by standing idly by in syria ? 
  anyway we 're damned if we do and damned if we do n't . 
  if they insist on digging their heels in the sand on the refugee question , we can expect more * momentous * changes indeed . 
  ( i do like macron 's other plans though ), 
  and they should n't have . 
  because in the end they got neither . 
  the collective left/labor in europe decided to cow to public opinion rather than stand with their ideals and the facts . 
  they are paying for that now . 
  europe looks stable to you now ? 
  then why did he engage in austerity domestically if he was engaging in keynesian economics ? 
  but the topic here appears to be to increase cooperation at the margin at the expense of the usa . 
  that does n't seem like a wise or just trade-of to me politically or morally . 
  if we have to make such a trade-of i 'm suggesting better partners . 
  russia has long sacrificed the welfare of it 's people to spread it 's influence/misery beyond it 's borders . 
  that is nothing new . 
  but hardly rational . 
  russia has no reason to fear for the safety of it 's heartland as it did in the past . 
  not with its nuclear arsenal . 
  enforcing it 's sphere of influence trough its military and jingoism is a house of cards that is ultimately not sustainable either . 
  as it 's society and economy decays further . 
  why not focus on india instead of concessions to china ( that do n't deserve them ) . 
  this is the best time to squeeze china and make one last play for democracy . 
  wealth has not made china 's emergent middle class demand civil liberties as we predicted , but a loss of wealth might just . 
  with india we can at least work from a basis of shared values and language . 
  plus there is so much more growth potential there compared to china . 
  ` concessions towards x ' would never score no matter the context or subject . 
  it 's a pretty useless question . 
  renegotiate freedom of movement with the eu so we can move forward with a consensus . 
  only after can we integrate further ( military being an important item ) . 
   not at all . 
  russia 's actions and statements against eu does not stem from a illogical hatred it stems from putin 's imperial ambitions and indeed russian paranoia . 
  the current renewed cold war is wholly russia-initiated and was a self-fulfilling prophecy . 
  it 's the same instinct that led people to praise the ussr 's praises when the us was active in vietnam . 
  people need some perspective . 
  lest they make fools of themselves like some of their political grandparents . 
  who cares ? 
  trump has broken with all traditions and the dignity of the office . 
  this guy said he would n't concede if he lost !!, 
  and i 'm under no illusions that if there is a transfer of power in 4 years that it will be quiet and orderly . 
  trump does not deserve the benefits of the respect for the office . 
  he deserves a very short leash . 
  i 'm guessing ; while the us military budget is ridiculous , the world appears increasingly unstable and the cold-war has partly reignited . 
  not the worst time to increase budgets ( especially for europe where i fully support it , specifically you germany !, 
  of course having putin 's lapdog at the helm kind of negates that . 
  except that the english media ( or trump 's own words ) do an excellent job of turning the world against trump . 
  russia seems singularly focused on hating the west . 
  for turkey the eu is merely a convenient boogeyman . 
  why is everyone so giddy to coddle china ? 
  trump or no , that regime is far worse . 
  china is slowing down . 
  maybe it 's a good time to squeeze china and demand reforms if they want to continue with their bread and games . 
  the theory that prosperity would bring democracy clearly failed . 
  but they might demand it if prosperity slows down significantly . 
  enforcing ip on china would be a great thing . 
  but this whole fiasco is the 1 % chickens coming home to roost . 
  for 3 decades they have been too greedy to share the benefits of free trade with the plebs . 
  so now they killed free trade and nobody will get the benefits . 
  not so sure . 
  if they discover it then it would be a massive blow to bilateral relations . 
  and these weapons get replaced every 2 decades . 
  i was called a snob by a few of my viennese friends for voicing my displeasure for these coins and how much i preferred the dutch way of just getting rid of them . 
  i was n't considerate enough to poor people :|, 
  who is ` they ' ? 
  it just goes to prove that we do n't have any major socially conservative parties if those pass the muster ( with the possible exception of cda i guess ) . 
  literally hitler \u2122, 
  it 's kinderdijk . 
  it 's where tourists go if they specifically want to see windmills ( though they are everywhere , one down the street from me 50m right now  only one in the city though ), 
  hmmmm . . . lot 's of polish people in berlin no ? 
  maybe that explains this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vwx1skncyoa, 
   our `` controversial '' removal was from the independent , but if you read that article , it was basically `` the local reported this happened '' and , since we ban the local , we believed it wrong to leave that one . 
  seems like post-facto rationalizing . 
  if the independent is willing to stake their reputation on it , should n't that be good enough ? 
  if it turned out to be false that could have been a mark against the independent . 
  and perhaps ban them if that happened more often . 
  is n't that the mechanism trough which banning unreliable sources is supposed to work ? 
  i can see the rationale somewhat . 
  but i think you avoid a lot the moral-maze if in the future you prefer consistency in rules over subjective/vague norms . 
  i would allow the independent in the future . 
   yeah we are just waiting for the right moment to invade greece . 
  two nato members at war . 
  that makes so much sense . 
  why are you spending so much ? 
  cyprus is very recent in the large scheme of things . 
  your region and politics are unstable . 
  there 's nothing strange about greece investing in it 's military because of you . 
  but japan is not doing poorly because of debt . 
  in fact it 's the opposite . 
  japan is doing badly because it 's citizens are so thrifty and do n't consume . 
  causing deflation among other things which again strengthens the propensity to save money . 
  so the govt has to do a lot of the consumption to try to break this cycle and somewhat save the economy . 
  it 's govt debt . 
  most of it is owed to it 's own citizens . 
  yup . 
  in others they just hang them . 
  what a relief, 
  depends . 
  if merkel does n't change course ( and tbh she has been forced to but wo n't publicly admit it ) schengen and the eu wo n't survive . 
   i expected it to have some deep underlying meaning about the nature of our society or something of that sort . 
  oh well :p well , as is evident magritte is demonstrating the line between individuality and group association , and how it is blurred . 
  all of these men are dressed the same , have the same bodily features and are all floating/falling .
