  a party that is allied to an enemy state that has accused us of genocide and nazism is about to get into parliament with 2 seats purely on the muslim vote . 
  there is n't a nation in the world where muslims are the main political power where i 'm not a 2nd-class citizen . 
  i 'm very sorry that it offends you that i do n't care for syria 's politics anymore than the refugees do . 
  and do n't want my society to become increasingly more like theirs . 
  they are free to come here but i do n't want them to vote here . 
  so citizenship is not an option in a democracy . 
   so think about it again if you think a vote for the pvv is for any of other reasons than fear and discrimination . 
  i 'll quote you again , and i wo n't apologize for quoting you accurately . 
  we do n't need to build a wall . 
  we simply do n't have to give unwanted non-citizens , citizenship . 
  i understand that this is an incredible concept to many people and the eu . 
  but that 's their problem because that 's where we 're going , if not this election then the next or after . 
  unless of course the islamic enlightenment suddenly intervenes after 1500 years in the intermission . 
  guess we 'll have to wait and see . 
  you said the exact opposite . 
  do n't blame me if your formulation is weak . 
  `` think again if you vote for the pvv for ~ ~ any other reason than ~ ~ fear and discrimination '' now you 're hyperventilating because i wo n't apologize for quoting you accurately ??? 
  are you the sultan perchance ? 
  i 'm sorry your command of english is weak or if you are a bit tired . 
  but it 's not my responsibility . 
  you said the * opposite * of what you claim you meant . 
  well russia and china wo n't be anything more than regional powers . 
  and especially russia will only become inevitably weaker . 
  of course that is trouble enough . 
  the eu could become a global power if it unified but right now the eu sabotages even the regional power status . 
  so the options there could be full political union ( not any time soon ) or increased national power . 
  the likes of the uk and france are already comparable to russia and china in global military power projection . 
  without the umbrella of nato they might have to augment their nuclear capabilities to be fully credible but russia 's navy is nothing compared to both and the navy is still the main tool of global military power projection . 
  germany could be at that level and beyond quickly if it decided to rearm too . 
  and it would do so if we move away from nato and the eu . 
  all of this is mostly fantasy though , the us will retake it 's mantle in 4 or 8 years far before any of these developments are complete . 
  there is a chance of russian/sino foreign adventures and increased eu or national strength to compensate in the meantime though . 
  ... . . did you forget to edit your post to try to hide it or did you honestly forget what you just wrote ?? 
  here 's the literal quote :  so think about it again if you think a vote for the pvv is for any of other reasons than fear and discrimination . 
  sorry but my interpretation of it is 100 % reasonable and anyone would interpret it the same . 
  i 'm not offended by it . 
  it 's a mainstream opinion and you 're perfectly free to make it . 
  i just do n't appreciate the hypocrisy of appealing to debate and open argument at the same time . 
  you 're screaming a vote for wilders is a vote against freedom . 
  do n't act obtuse . 
  none of the other major parties have stated that 5 % muslims is more than enough [ something many more dutch agree with than just those that will vote for wilders ] ( https://www.chathamhouse.org/expert/comment/what-do-europeans-think-about-muslim-immigration ) . 
  and for most the majors there is no limit at all to how many we should take . 
  you are n't very subtle . 
  i 'm just pointing out your hypocrisy in appealing to good argument and open debate while claiming the only reasons for voting pvv are fear and discrimination . 
  it 's like saying the only reason for voting for d66 is if you want more terrorism and anti-semimist . 
  some pvvers including wilders might make such remarks . 
  but at least they do n't hypocritically pretend to be engaging you in a respectful dialogue . 
  you 're right . 
  not just the isolationism but before 1945 the great european powers were not just seen as equal to the us but probably still surpassing it . 
  which in terms of military might i do n't think was wrong at the time . 
  glad that you are the arbiter of good and fruitful debate . 
  * only vote for wilders for fear and racism people !, 
  let 's talk without prejudice !, 
  your point appears to be that religion becomes irrelevant the more secular society becomes ... 
  which is rather tautological . 
  the issue is obviously the other end of the scale , that the specifics of religion are anything but irrelevant if the tenets are revered and followed !, 
  hence islam = / buddhism or even christianity . 
  but the other parties have taken their xerox photocopier to wilders ' political ideas of 5 years ago . 
  the context of our times is basically convincing people that he was mostly right all along . 
  and ultimately that is political victory . 
  old clip of wilders : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ydtlbxki9eu, 
  wtf , i love denk now, 
  the prefect man with the perfect conduct . 
  slaving , slaughtering and raping children . 
  that 's the unfortunate fact you have to defend if you for some inexplicable reason feel compelled to do so . 
  i do n't consider it a virtue either but you can see how jesus teachings are not conducive to violence and those of muhammed are . 
  so it 's no surprise that muslims behave like they do compared to fundamentalist christians . 
   religions , no matter the specifics , always undergo attacks and challenges to their authority the wealthier the people within societies are and the accompanying liberalisation in customs and expectations that comes with that increased wealth . 
  this is a liberal meme ( or should i say marxist which you quote ? ) . 
  ecological fallacy borne out of confirmation bias and leftis wishfull thinking . 
  the west is n't secular because we are wealthy , we are wealthy because we are secular . 
  the enlightenment was chased out of italy to the north before the wealth was . 
  if you look at the muslim world you see the exact inverse relationship . 
  the wealthiest nations ( gulf states ) are the most backward . 
  they did n't obtain their wealth from secularism , they live on a pot of gold . 
  but the pot of gold did n't make them secular at all . 
  wilders is not running on a platform of calling muhammed a pedophile . 
  stating that joseph was a pedophile would certainly not disqualify you for the prime ministership or the largest party in most of western europe ( if it was relevant to the discussion ) . 
  stating that muhammad was a pedo would get you lynched in the muslim world . 
   while this human degenerate gets millions of euros in free security for life . 
  the human degenerates are those that make that security necessarily because they ca n't abide their prophet f * cking 9 year old 's uncritically . 
  and their apologists . . 
  not really . 
  he said some harsh things about the turks in rotterdam but everyone agrees with him even if they are n't as vocal about it . 
  it was a line in a sum up of wilders ' argument for islam 's incompatibility with our values . 
  and frankly he has a huge point . 
  muhammed was n't buddha or jesus . 
  he 's was a pedophile , slaver warlord and muslims worship him as the perfect man with the perfect conduct . 
  that 's a problem whether you like it or not . 
  * no westerners claims that the conduct of greek or roman pedophiles is the perfect example of the perfect life that every man should seek to emulate muslims on the other hand ... well ... . 
  * crickets you hear that sound ? 
  whereas wilders factual statement is shocking to politically correct lefties in the west ... nevermind how backwards muslims feel about it . 
  fake news !, 
  listen to me you foster-chugging , shrimp-on-the-barbie chucking , koala-chlamydia-contracting son-of-a convict !, 
  nobody cares about the 2016 election anymore !, 
  hitler 's own homecountry calling me a bigot ? 
  that is rich !, 
  ok you got me . . 
  i guess i forgot about donna fucking brazille ... 
  i guess there was someone who seem to have denied the authenticity of the e-mails ... . glad we cleared that up ... fucking ozzies,
