  if it means we have to sacrifice other religious schools too then so be it . 
  that 's the price we pay for this wonderful multicultural society that was imposed upon us . 
  i hope whichever result she gets scares the crap out of the eu . 
  i do n't want the merkels and the junckers of the world to go `` so we 've defeated populism again . 
  lets resume importing millions of muslims '' i want it to stop . 
  full stop . 
  this is silly , the falkands were a propaganda tool for domestic argentine politics . 
  spain does n't need that and it is n't worth a sliver of the risk . 
  they might pressure the uk and pester them trough the eu but there will be no war . 
   i never said anything about turkey or russia , in fact i 'd also oppose new pipelines to those countries there are existing pipelines to those countries whose dependency this pipeline would remedy . 
  beyond that strategic goal i 'd rather support israel than these two countries if you 'd have a worldview that completely ignores our own interests , which is an asinine way to look at the world in any case . 
  the person you replied to mentioned russia as does the article and title . 
  so it is relevant . 
   this is the part where the eu can use its soft power to make this world a better place . 
  this is the folly of the eu , this is n't true and it has been demonstrated that it has never been true . 
  ` soft-power ' is pretty much an euphemism for inviting blackmail for countries to refrain from bad behavior towards us . 
  like we do with the countries that send refugees to us . 
  hard power and the stick is what really carries weight . 
  but i would not in principle be opposed to having international ethics to play a bigger part in our foreign policy . 
  but this should extend into how well countries represent our values towards their own citizens as well , and not just how they treat other citizens . 
  i find your focus on israel hypocritical . 
   we should n't support states with a systemic policy of apartheid . 
  there are better places to spend our money . 
  if you want to boycot the 2/3 of the world 's countries ( including all muslim states ) that are less ethical than israel be consistent in your wishes . 
  pretty much all muslim states oppress minorities , boycot them all ? 
  again i find this view to be asinine but at least do n't be a hypocrite . 
  i assume you 'd want to at least boycot the palestinians and all arab states as well then ? 
  maybe but israel is always singularly singled out . 
  but let 's follow your premise anyway . 
  turkey and russia are relevant in this discussion . 
  maybe you and others will say they are more ethical than israel . 
  i vehemently disagree . 
  but it 's besides the point anyway because you ca n't deny that they are better friends or at least another alternative to these two other nations . 
  israel is less of an apartheid state then any of its neighbors . 
  arabs have more rights in israel then in nearly any other arab state . 
  never mind other minorities who are either harshly oppressed or ethnically cleansed in the arab world . 
  they are , no matter what ` gays for palestine ' or whatever other masochistic group might claim . 
  at the very least they do not act against our interest as turkey and russia do . 
  neither are we set up as geopolitical rivals , as turkey and russia . 
   why the hell would i need to admit such nonsense ? 
  the whole point is moot . 
  there is no merit in debating the quality of terror . 
  people die , the way they die is simply irrelevant . 
  you are not even attempting to intellectually engage the argument . 
  i 'll take the liberty to chalk this up as your admission of defeat . 
  but that much was plainly obvious from the start . 
   mixing political convictions with feelings ... and you still try to tell me something about `` plain truths '' and `` facts '' ... * beep *** boop * does not compute !, 
   i do n't need to empathize with your superior worldview . 
  well then i guess i was accidentally right anyway . 
   it 's like reading a retarded buzzfeed article . 
  throwing around with fancy terms we do n't really understand , are n't we ?!, 
  what 's next ? 
  slippery slope , logical falacy , the usual bias circlejerking ? 
  moral relativism is the core of my disagreement with the left ( and you ) . 
  you should at least understand what it means . 
  unlike you i clearly do n't read enough buzzfeed . 
  i was under the impression they made stupid vapid lists and even dumber political videos . 
   more retarded bullshit . 
  in which way ? 
  what 's the base ? 
  compared to what ? 
  how can you even quantify `` culture '' ? 
  besides , you mean your values . 
  i bet you ca n't even name the values upon which the eu was founded . 
  but you do n't need to , because the eu values are not your european values , right ? 
  western culture ( humanism , liberal-democracy etc. ), 
  is superior to all others . 
  and we are especially superior to muslim culture as seen in the arab and shia world + pakistan and afghanistan . 
  there is no such thing as ` eu culture ' that is a political entity . 
  it 's like saying ` nato culture ' , does n't exist . 
  yeah i 'm very skeptical of the eu nowadays , i guess that makes me suspect . 
  however if it is willing to reform and throw people such as merkel far away from positions of power i would be perfectly happy with an eu that protects our culture as opposed to the one right now that appears engaged to destroy it . 
  otherwise i 'd be perfectly happy if france left and killed the thing too . 
  but it 's not because i oppose european unity ( though that is a perfectly kosher political opinion ) , to the contrary . 
  it 's simply because the current eu structure and its elites are so corrupt , undemocratic and engaged against our own interests in my view . 
   you ca n't ascribe agency to cultures and that this makes it non-sensical to speak of ` their culture attacking us ' . 
  you do n't have to describe agency to cultures to make value judgments on them . 
  i think this entire debate is dependent on this fact . 
  are n't we engaged in criticizing our own culture and its politics here ? 
  and me in turn is trying to bring that into the perspective of the culture from where much of the criticism originates . 
   are you saying that the fact that muslims are tribalistic justifies your tribalism towards them ? 
  short answer : yes . 
  tribalism invites tribalism . 
  you ca n't escape that and you ca n't plead innocence against that . 
  the ultimate expression of tribalism is war . 
  can you blame the party you are attacking for defending itself and engaging you with the same means ? 
  islam by en large increasingly treats us and speaks of us as enemies . 
  they ca n't complain that increasingly ( but still very mildly so far ) we start treating them and their culture as hostile . 
  hostility invites hostility . 
  same for russia . 
   why is their whole culture implicated for jihadism , and not equally ours which values non-muslim lives over muslim lives ? 
  i 'm not sure if that is true . 
  i concede that it is at least a little true but i reject that we are the instigators of the tribalism this is the result from . 
  the western society is the least tribal society in history . 
  it 's precisely this openness and curiosity for others that has made us heirs of the world the last 4 centuries . 
  and it 's precisely the counterfactual that has made the muslim world the opposite in the same time-frame . 
  i want to make your accusation a bit more precise though . 
  i do think we care less for even our own muslims ( who expressively put themselves in a different tribe , other outsiders integrate in our tribe perfectly fine ) than our own non-muslims . 
  but most of our indifference would be targeted on those who are expressively outside of our tribe and opposed to inside our tribe : people living in the middle east . 
  that is perfectly healthy or at least human .
