  there was a tinge of humor in that deluge so i figured i 'd reply in kind . 
  a bit heavier on the humor , since you seemed angry . 
  i 'm sorry that you did n't appreciate it . 
   you have the same delusion of being completely incapable of any kind of nuance when you look at the people you 've learnt to hate . 
  pathetic really . 
  i do n't hate them . 
  i hate their ideology , just like you and le pen voters . 
  i 'm sure * some * are nice   i am unaware of any medieval tools used in turkey , or albania , or azerbaijan . 
  and i 'm sure there are * some * le pen voters who are n't anti-migrant at all . 
  but i , like you , am more interested in the general picture . 
  what does the muslim world at large look like , not its niches . 
  and even the paragon of the secular muslim world , your own beloved turkey , is looking at the carnage and savagery in the middle-east and then to europe and concludes they ought to be more like the former . 
  a proper upbringing gives the maxim that when one ca n't say anything nice it 's better to say nothing at all . 
  i guess my upbringing failed then but you 'll have to excuse me . 
   your country go down the shitter , all because of a few muslims . 
  xd if that happens we 'll be in good company , 
  it will fix the issues in europe ( or stop exacerbating them ) . 
  this ` we need dumb muslim labor for empty vacancies ' meme needs to die . 
  maybe corporate wants it for good short term profits infused through cheap and desperate labor . 
  but we 've been dealing with mass youth-unemployment for a decade now in the eu so it was a lie then . 
  the biggest socioeconomic development right now and going forward is automation of blue-collar jobs and the upcoming automation of white-collar jobs decimating the workforce . 
  so there is no demographic need at all . 
  that meme is a lie now too . 
   nd help fix the issues in the me so that there are less refugees in the first place . 
  that place is too sectarian and full of hatred to touch . 
  at least politically . 
  if we do something we 'll be branded as crusaders by its fine citizens who will attempt to massacre our sons over there . 
  if we do nothing ( like now ) we are branded as indifferent to muslim suffering . 
  maybe so , but at least we do n't spend our lives and money there only to be hated and spit on . 
  assad 's impunity in syria is the heritage of the sunni sectarian hatred in iraq . 
  these people have fucked themselves . 
  and even if i 'd like to do something the political reality makes it harder than colonizing mars . 
  nobody in the west is sending soldiers for a thankless job . 
  maybe turkey and the arab world can be pressured , but they are n't going to stand up to putin . 
  i was making fun of the same people . 
  i 'm sorry it was n't clear . 
  i 'll add an / s or , 
   sure as fuck it 's your problem . 
  why are n't you doing anything of substance to integrate these people then ? 
  you ca n't control what people believe in either . 
  that 's exactly what i 'm doing , i have this quaint belief that maybe we should stop pouring gasoline on the fire : complete ban on muslim immigration . 
  old-school regional bans can pretty well achieve this , thanks . 
  and you 're 100 % correct that we ca n't control what people believe in unless we resort to middle-aged tools from the inquisition ( or the modern muslim world for that matter ) . 
  so that is exactly why i do n't want to add any extra people from this backward culture . 
  you seem to find my solutions problematic but that 's not enough for me to look away , sorry . 
   i know the b-word is n't pc , but you can go to your safe space subreddits do n't worry sweetie , we 've been called worse . 
  anything less than * genocidal nazi-remnants with a rotten character * i 'll take as a win coming from a turk . 
  i just have to assume people are a bit harsh in their constructive criticism to outsiders in turkey . 
  why ca n't we build something out of consensus instead of crisis and threats ? 
  uh , no . 
  you ca n't ( and are n't ) denying that the stance taken by the eu is extremely tough . 
  and in fact the demand that the uk ca n't start negotiations before paying some arbitrary large sum or that they ca n't start negotiations with extra-eu countries is n't based on any treaty or law so it 's purely done to hurt the uk and make it suffer . 
  most people here want that , in fact most say it 's necessary precisely for the integrity of the eu . 
  that would be unity based on threats and blackmail , i understand it but at least stand for your position . 
  we 're a wonderful team sticking together because we all have guns cocked to each-others heads . 
  how sweet !, 
  ` stay with me honey or i 'll blow your brains out ' . 
  that 's what it is and the only reason why it 's like that is because the eurocrats have messed up the eu so badly that they are afraid it ca n't stay together out of love , only fear . 
  we should at least admit the situation . 
   why do these random ridiculous threads pop up now and again ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  flair : netherlands . 
  i 'll rectify it just for you . 
  and yes a massive proportion of us europeans do n't want any more islam . 
  personally i notice that wherever there is islam there is conflict . 
  europe , usa , china , russia , india etc. 
  but i 'm sure it 's us that are the problem . 
  anyway we were never given a choice in this , so now i claim the liberty to air my opinion on the matter . 
  i 'm sorry if you do n't care for it . 
   so more men are taking the seaborne route , which is universally considered more hazardous ? 
  does n't prove your narrative , turd blossom . 
  nice bait-and-switch . 
  first you accuse the other poster of misrepresenting facts . 
  he then backs it up and instead of disputing it you start to argue something else entirely . 
  very slimy . 
  btw , nobody here ( including the left ) is welcoming the perspective of a ` centre-left ' canadian when it comes to immigration in europe or the refugee crisis . 
  why do n't you guys take these millions of military age single men invading our continent rather than 20k families ? 
  wonder-boy trudeau is in no position to lecture us and his politics are even more detached and irrelevant to europe and its real problems than trump 's are . 
  the idea that you can lecture a german on what is true or not in his country is particularly funny . 
  hooray for more meddlesome government regulation ... 
  then why does ukip ( voters ) gets thrown the fascist label against them ? 
  afd ? 
  why is banning the quran fascism but banning mein kampf not ? 
  fascism does not tolerate differences of opinions . 
  so far the only opinion that has been muzzled by the state has been wilders ' and not vice versa . 
  i do n't know why , i just know that it does . 
  having external borders = fascism now . 
  well become dutch and vote for wilders then . 
  his hands are clean when it comes to russia at least . 
  ( though he 's equally cowardly on russia as the rest of our dutch politicians ) . 
  you realize that this makes you a fascist right ? 
  and not worthy of representation by any political party that the respectable bourgeoisie does n't deem ` nazi-lite ' . 
  it 's not the le pen voters who are to blame for this . 
  they do n't socially isolate themselves . 
  it 's the left that kills the debate as it had smothered the debate here until 2002 . 
  so it seems we have all come to the consensus that the only way we can build a strong eu is trough blackmail and threats ? 
  seems like this is the new blueprint as the eurocrats still fear democracy ? 
  i sincerely hope that this generation of incompetents and fools that ` represent us ' in europe is swiftly replaced by politicians that can build something that people actually want to be a part of . 
  islamic schools is a privilege we ca n't afford for the muslims in europe . 
  their parents are unable to give them a proper upbringing that satisfies our standards of mutual respect and decency so the govt should take a part of that responsibility trough schools .
