  i do n't mind le pen , at worst i think she is a necessary ` evil ' . 
  but this poster is not a far reach . 
  it has echoes of the massacre though . 
  since it hints at ethnic cleansing . 
  still think it 's a pretty funny meme though . 
  though i have n't used it . 
  are you honestly going to make a big deal about crude jokes that young soldiers make ? 
  i do wonder would have happened though if dutchbat did n't fold . 
  would the serbs massacre nato troops like that ? 
  it was war , but still . 
  tough call , glad i did n't have to make it . 
  it wil probably be warmer in summer . 
  merkel and her father are n't politically connected like the le pens are though . 
  she has the exact same political role as her father . 
  this is n't really arrogance . . 
  hysteria , hyperbole and stupidity maybe . 
  but clearly they fear her and take her seriously . 
  even though she does n't have much of a chance . 
  i keep mulling over if i want her to get 49.9 % of the vote or go ahead and make it 50.1 % . 
  undecided !, 
  before 1992 we were some decrepit backwater i suppose ? 
  or even before schengen for that matter . 
  frankly i 'm not a nationalist ( but i am a ` western chauvinist ' i think ) . 
  i would be happy with a federal superstate if it had democratic legitimacy . 
  the current eu does not . 
  everyone blames everybody else and points to brussels when citizens demand something that the elites do not agree with . 
  so with a federal superstate where all citizens could decide over the external borders rather than just the weakest link i would be happy . 
  and if we then could all decide rather than germany or greece choosing for us all it would have legitimacy . 
  but i do n't think this is very realistic at this point . 
  changing schengen is more realistic . 
  refugee status is a path to citizenship . 
  i want no path to citizenship . 
  whose promising that though and how ? 
  `` no citizenship for refugees and no free movement for future swedish/german ` new-europeans ' here in my country x '' you see how that is unworkable with the eu 's current structure ? 
  clearly the ` no-more refugees ' policy is much more realistic no ? 
  especially as that is what most already seem to be working towards . 
  i do n't think you understand economics very well . 
  you 're basically arguing more pain = more reform = more good . 
  which is very silly . 
  devaluing a currency has direct costs and is painful , but having a third of your economy be idle for years serves absolutely no purpose . 
  france suffers enough with the monthly terrorist attack committed by nondescript , generic , socially-disadvantaged french nationals . 
  they do n't need asian terror as well !, 
  or were n't these suspects asian ? 
  they would devalue the national currency and trade mostly imports and a bit of income/savings for 30 % of their workforce being idle . 
  which do you think is more structurally damaging ? 
  but the damage would have been far more limited without the euro . 
  both because it would have tempered northern-capital infused speculation in the south and more importantly : flexible exchange rates . 
  well the ` fascists ' and ` demagogues ' are offering solutions . 
  unlike our very serious and nuanced politicians like macron . 
  that is your problem and your side is living on borrowed time until that changes . 
  remember , you 've failed for 50 years now with this problem . 
  why should that change when the causes are only being escalated by these very same merkels and macrons who offer no plan or blueprint for success ? 
   which is not even true considering that the major terror attacks were comitted by second generation immigrants , aka citizens of the said country the fact that leftist can tout that the terrorists are second generation foreign muslims as a success and in support of more mass-migration from this hostile and non-integrating group is truly beyond perplexing . 
  who do you honestly think you are fooling by pointing out that muhammed 's family has been living here for 40 years before he decided to massacre some random civilians ? 
  do you fool even yourself ? 
  a two degree temperature rise is already baked in . 
  the only thing that will stop masses of refugees is ... 
  stopping masses of refugees . 
  so long as the left refuses to do that , there is no alternative . 
  the problem is n't the minority of criminals ( but the fact that their crime is tribal does play a role and reflect on the culture and how they view us ) , the problem is the masses of law-abiding muslim refugees who have values that are plainly fascist and totalitarian and refuse to check these values at the door . 
   thats hardly leftists , hell that is n't even empathetic . 
  it is emphatic , but my empathy is prioritized for those who are wholly innocent of oppression ( sexual minorities , ` blasphemers ' , women and later on all non-muslims in general ) rather than those that are both victims and perpetrators . 
  we ca n't differentiate between ` good and bad ' at the door , such a policy is completely impossible . 
  but even if it were that would be no guarantee for future generations . 
  if shelter without citizenship were on the table then this whole discussion would be moot . 
  but it 's not . 
  they would be vindictive in the case of a non-mutual split i agree . 
  but i was talking about the alternative hypothetical scenario . 
  the reason why that was never on the table was purely political . 
  the eurocrats just could n't admit the failure of their central thesis of their euro project . 
  even while it was obvious for everyone to see . 
   you do n't have to ape leftist arguments . 
  i do n't ape leftist arguments . 
  certain principles are non-negotiable . 
  obviously we 're not going to host all the poor or even oppressed people in the world , that would be rather pointless . 
  so this idea that we * would * help all of them is certainly negotiable . 
  what is non-negotiable to me is voluntarily importing values like `` death to apostates , death to gays/adulterers and women are subordinate '' . 
  all these views are frighteningly common in mena as horrific as they are , ranging from near-pluralities to near 100 % support . 
  if the leftist fantasy of ` humanist values are universal , their kids will grow up liberal-democrats ' were true this would be little problem . 
  but the opposite is true . 
  so you say i ca n't claim to care for the oppressed while abandoning this group but i say it 's a matter of choices and priorities . 
  either choice leads to victims . 
  it 's just that the victims you make in accepting masses of muslims are not immediately visible in refugee camps or even all born yet . 
  i choose to prioritize the group that is wholly innocent over the group who would oppress the former . 
  ultimately their oppressive and discriminatory culture and their ( historical ) refusal to leave it at the door is not my responsibility but theirs . 
  and besides , it would be pointless to give them shelter from the horrors of their own culture only to turn our sanctuary in the thing they fled from in the first place . 
  i did n't say that . 
  the failure of muslims to integrate the last 50 years is what condemns the culture . 
  we 've tried your mass-migration experiment , it failed . 
  the sensible thing to do now is to stop it and you can go to work trying to turn this failure into a succes for the millions who are already here ( not talking about the refugees , they have to go back at some point ) . 
  if you succeed by grace of this ingenious new integration plan you 've come up with ( reminder : our leaders have no plan . . no prospect for succes ) then we can resume this gambit . 
  i 've laid out my case in another comment . 
  you can respond to it if you 'd like . 
  or you can continue to recite your leftist , phrasebook bingo card and say ... 
  nothing really . 
  i honestly believe that even most journalists would admit that the media is biased on this issue in the way that i 've mentioned for some of the reasons that i 've mentioned . 
  they would admit that the refugee profile and images you see are not a reflection of the actual demographics . 
   the fundamental idea of left wing politics and ideologies is that the poor and the workers have more in common with poors and workers in other states than they do with the elite in their own . 
  and i would argue that there are even more fundamental values than that which are supossed to underpin western liberal values . 
  be they left or even right wing .
