  the fact that this million woman march devolved into this petty bickering and grievance mongering before it got started ( the women who came up with the idea dared to be white , that 's a crime among some feminists in 2017 ) is a black eye for the organizers no matter how successful the march . 
  the fact that the token minority hired as one of the 3 organizers appears to be a filthy islamist is another black eye . 
  but that could have been repaired if she had clarified her tweets and made clear that she opposes shariah or retracted them , or if not if she was repudiated by her ` feminist ' / ` progressive ' associates . 
  she has n't and was n't . 
  she has not clarified her remarks and instead accused her critics of islamophobia , that 's all i need to know . 
  and her fellow ` feminists ' and ` liberals ' have not asked anything of her and done nothing except starting the hashtag #imarchwithlinda . 
  another black eye and this time an unacceptable one that deserves every criticism . 
  standing with islamists out of identity politics is every bit as morally confused as standing with other fascists . 
  it 's the same sort of moral confusion that leads fake liberals and fake progressives to say callous stuff like `` the charlie hebdo attack was wrong , but ... '', 
  i did n't say this govt had said anything of the sort . 
  the user i replied to was talking about feminist in general . 
  i 'm not a masochist so i do n't keep tabs on whatever silliness might come out of sweden 's govt . 
  the only thing i took note of was the feminist snowplowing fiasco but that was the stockholm municipal govt . 
  i assume it very possible that they are sillier than the federal govt but i have little doubt that much silliness can be found in swedens political discourse in general, 
  what is there to justify ? 
  i 'm very proud not to be a sniveling apologist, 
  correct , and we should not visit iran unless it respects our culture . 
  simple as that . 
  blatant misogyny does n't deserve respect so it wo n't be reciprocal either . 
  except these people are whining about superhero movies while not only failing to stand up to the most blatant misogyny , but actively making excuses for it and cow towing to it . 
  feminism 's bad reputation right now is earned . 
  we just had a giant women 's march where cultural relativitic idiotic organizers made a shariah apologist one of the main organizers out of sheer identity politics based moral confusion . 
  feminism is worthless if it ca n't stand up to the most blatant misogyny . 
  we saw that ugliness in cologne, 
  it 's not chinese . 
  it 's portugese colonial . 
  it 's in china though . 
  hahaha that 's great though . 
  our anthem is really dull and bad . 
  but very old . 
   nowhere near full-scale riots , especially by paris suburbs standards . 
  that 's kind of pathetic . 
  the netherlands is the biggest agricultural powerhouse on this map though in terms of net exports . 
  ( very industrial , high-value agriculture off course ) . 
  it goes to show just how much more potential this earth of ours has in terms of taking care of us . 
  hopefully the police will sweep the streets clean of this filth . 
  a beauty !, 
  lets bomb them then . 
  russia is n't involved guys, 
  afaic russia deserves further retaliation for what it has done . 
  we 're clearly back in a cold-war so we should treat them as enemies for the time being . 
  these incentives run both ways . 
  yeah maybe it 's a powder keg but russia ca n't mess with countries in europe and our democracies unpunished . 
  what message does that send ? 
  edit : but the eu is overstretched as it is . 
  so i would limit it to extra-eu agreements and nato . 
  south korea ca n't even into mep 's :') are you even trying kim ? 
  the dutch internet is quite extensive . 
  i always notice that in wikipedia . 
  where there are often articles in dutch ( i browse in english ) while for example no spanish or even french article is available . 
  we counter imperialize by exporting/perfecting such wonderful cultural institutions as [ reality television ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/reality_television#1980s.e2.80.931990s ) and [ game shows ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_voice_ ( tv_series \\ ) ), 
  is there a reddit function where i can report abuse directly to the cdu ? 
  that 's not very brogressive of you . 
  the state 's guns should protect us all from insults !, 
  i want to watch this !, 
  this is all such a silly cynisism . 
  look how damn quickly attitudes are shifting in europe over the last 2 years . 
  merkel is now pursuing proposals straight out of the playbook of those ` nazis ' in hungary , wilders etc. 
  2 years ago . 
  look at the polls . 
  55 % wants to ban muslim immigration against 20 % who do n't ( figures are the same in germany ) . 
  that poll is pretty shocking to me , it 's clear that the media does not reflect the people in the slightest but i did n't know it was that skewed things are shifting quickly but some attitudes take some time to catch up . 
  most people still think of wilders as a nazi because that is simply what they have been told for a decade . 
  they have n't yet internalized that the policies why he is considered a nazi are the same policies they now agree with . 
  it will take time to catch up but things are moving quickly . 
   but if they do their thing , like the christians do , i suppose i do n't have problem with it . 
  and where in the world do muslims live to this standard ? 
  those who still welcome islam are fools . 
  should be lunch for about 10k ppl, 
  sweden is very progressive in their pizza politics . 
  if xit identifies as pizza it is pizza . 
  lol you rascal, 
  av ' your 69th upvote, 
  is n't he a nightlife promotor of some sort ? 
  built in 2009 ( i kid i kid !, 
  i voted yes in the ref i swear ! ), 
  what are you talking about ? 
  hundreds of thousands have krept in since then . 
  keeping the prospect it would have to be a genuine prospect . 
  i do n't agree with that . 
  if turkey were to fulfill all requirments and pass massive reform and dot all the i 's and basically be a germany i still would n't accept them . 
  i fundamentally do not trust them anymore as an islamic country ( and i would n't accept any islamic country except maybe marginal states ) . 
  so even if they were to fit the requirements tomorrow , who 's to say what their politics will be like a decade or two after ? 
  and i do n't want free movement with 35 million islamists or even 35 million secular muslims is not ideal . 
  they can remain a nato partner . 
  i assume they prefer it to being a russian vassal state . 
  if the prospect of a eu membership is all that holds them from an islamist dictatorship then it 's insane to even consider their membership in the first place . 
  i 've seen one eat a frog once . 
  it was a bizarre sight . 
  it 's beak flopping around like it was having a seizure . 
  like something out of a cartoon . 
  have you ever seen a problemb\u00e4r eat a frog ? 
  we have ducks, 
  wha 's so special about gummi bears ? 
  they 're great as far as kiddie candy goes !, 
  us does n't have em ? 
  3d longest suspension bridge span !, 
  : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_longest_suspension_bridge_spans, 
  this was clear back in 2010 . 
  how merkel , rutte and all the others can pretend to be the ` responsible party/option ' is beyond credulity .
