  we do n't have to move at the pace of the most retarded kid in class . 
  to them having a private citizen or journalist make a drawing of muhammed is equal to having a foreign minister threaten holy war . 
  of course if you press them with the counterfactual ( all the bile and blasphemy their retarded citizens heap on the outside world ) it 's obvious they ca n't defend this idiotic rationalization . 
  they are the biggest hypocrites in this world . 
  all they really believe is `` do as i say , not as i do '' . 
  fuck them . 
   good inner values is that an euphemism for vodka , nikolai ;-), 
   oh what a surprise !, 
  you seemed like such a nice person !, 
  most europeans ( inc germans ) are awful people , which is why you 're correct to hate them https://www.chathamhouse.org/expert/comment/what-do-europeans-think-about-muslim-immigration, 
   at this point , i have to wonder whether you voted for wilders . 
  at one point nearly 25 % of our electorate intended to . 
  see what i mean with german sensibilities ? 
  ( i pussied out and voted for the snobbish version of the pvv that is closer to my ` social class ' ... new party without the stigma that wants to stop muslim immigration , which is the only thing i care about from the pvv anyway ) . 
  my honest assessment . 
  i honestly think that the words traitor , nazi and fifth column carry different weight to you because of your history . 
  in my context i used them entirely appropriately even though they might be voldemort words to you . 
  yeah i understand your german sensibilities might be tuned slightly differently . 
  we do n't suffer the same guilt and self-flagellation here , i 'm sorry . 
  not every dutch will agree with my assessment , but i think the proportion that is * offended * by it is close to 2 %, 
  says the conservative islamic communist i 'll be sure to note it down you dirty godless-pinko serious note : if you endorse `` dutch are genocidal nazis '' then in my book you 're fifth column traitors . 
  sorry if it 's harsh . 
  a week ago i did n't even hate denk as much as everyone seemed to hate them . 
  i thought they were kind of funny ( and misguided ) even . 
  not today . 
  what 's the deal with eastern europe anyway ? 
  i think most euro women are pretty gorgeous ( cept brits ) . 
  but for some reason eastern euro men are mongoloid mongrels while their women are stunning ( again , women are stunning here too + southern eruope and scandi etc. ) . 
  how does that happen sergei ? 
  is it related to chernobyl ? 
  if i take 4 ruskie wives is there a chance that there 's ugly genes hidden in there if i have sons ??? 
  dangerous game, 
   greeks may not be aware but turks injected a lot of cash into greece in the wake of the crisis , and are our good customers conveniently situated next door . 
  a total collapse of travel and air-travel to turkey would be a godsend to greece . 
  half the tourism they lose you gain . 
  if the eu/you were smart , we 'd build that dubai clone , that they are building right now in turkey , in athens instead . 
  that thing is 100 % dependent on european traffic . 
  perfect location for an inter-continental hub ( hence why they 're building a tripple frankfurt airport in constantinople ) . 
  why should amsterdam , frankfurt , london and paris let istanbul steal european traffic to asia/africa when we could give it to athens instead ? 
   for what , a few insults traded by politicians , of whom i do n't like any of them anyways . 
  there is no invasion , no land grabbing , no missiles launched , just stupid word i hate the german govt . 
  and their/our dealings of the crisis too ( not that greece is blameless in the prelude ) but you 're trivializing it . 
  the issue is not the nasty things turkey says about us . 
  the issue if an islamist dictator on our doorstep . 
  you ca n't compare that to any euro leader . 
  erdogan is our long term enemy and he was always going to be . 
  just like the arab world . 
  we have to completely separate our fates from them . 
  and sabotage them wherever it is easy . 
  might be our last chance to get the turks to hate him in the medium term . 
  and reject him while there are still democratic means to do so . 
  i see if you hire a russian peasant troll for the price of a shot of vodka you get 4 for the price of 1 since they 're so cheap anyway :-) are there similar deals on mail-order brides boris ? 
  germans public is dumb . 
  news at 11 bigotry of low expectations at work here . 
  nothing more . 
  we only have 17 million high quality people ivan . 
  we have to be cautious . 
  it 's not like we have 300k worthless peasants to expend to pester 10 fins that your nazi allies left for u , 
  wilders is not trying to represent a muslim nation ( in fact he 's trying to avoid it ) . 
  kuzu is trying to represent us . 
  comparing the koran to mein kampf is analogous to comparing the bible to mein kampf . 
  and not comparable to calling all dutch nazis . 
  well yeah , that is precisely the issue . 
  it 's not one guy . 
  it 's the fifth column that supports him . 
  why has it helped the netherlands ? 
  because the political party of your preference won ? 
  or because we now clearly have a fifth column represented in our parliament with 200k votes ? 
  how exactly ? 
  yes erdolf is barking but it 's beyond clear there is no future with him . 
  there never was anyway . 
  the only reason we 're in this situation is because most of us used to be stupid enough to believe it somehow possible to mix islam with politics in a way that is n't cancer . 
  people with such delusions have been firmly proven wrong . 
  the secularist anti-islam people in turkey ( chp ) have been completely vindicated . 
  in the future we always support them , no matter how oppressive they are to islamists . 
  those stupid european leaders at the time making deals with ` lite ' islamists share the blame here . 
  there 's no such thing as muslim cdu . 
  if it 's islamists , destroy it . 
  no further questions . 
  russia is working from an entirely different worldview . 
  in which there are superpowers and vassal states . 
  no such thing as sovereignty . 
  some westerners accept this worldview too . 
  but we are under no obligation to accept this view and work under these parameters . 
  the eu 's conduct is hardly consistent with this view . 
  we do n't even treat weak eu members this way never mind weak states that are blackmailing us like morocco etc. 
  ... . my problem with kuzu is not that he dodges questions ( all politicians do that ) ... 
  it 's the specific question that he dodges . 
  apparantly `` erdogan is wrong , dutch are not nazis and did n't genocide muslims in bosnia '' is too controversial . 
  honestly maybe you should check your bias . 
  because in the context of things your comment here is a bit silly . 
  it looks like the product of rationalization . 
  if you ask wilders to condemn he nazi he does n't dodge the question . 
  they are not comparable and denk does n't need apologists . 
  exactly , and give our own airports an extra 100 million traffic divided among them as well . 
  and spain and greece an extra 10 million tourists . 
  win-win . 
  maybe you 're right . 
  but our long term goal should not be to make erdogan listen to reason but get rid of him . 
  which means destroying their economy .
