  because all these people have shown an ability to integrate . 
  north-africans have instead spend 50 years creating shitty north-african neighborhoods and preaching about how much they hate the west . 
   so you think it 's the government 's job to judge people by where they 're from , not people 's ? 
  why does it make more sense for the government to do it ? 
  because generalization is inherent for government . 
  laws are n't written for u/chaitin instead they are written for xyz . 
  lol , i love the sour cunt that downvoted you, 
   the technologically superior side of any conflict always has to be held to a higher standard , otherwise they 'd just bomb the shit out of everything ( something something grozny ) . 
  i 'm not even sure if that 's true but in any case , they are . 
  and even if that is true i think it is healthy that this is acknowledged . 
  maybe they should be held to a higher standard but they should also get credit and acknowledgment that they in fact are being held to a higher standard . 
  there were already jews there . 
  40 % or something of current israelis are descendants from there . 
  i do n't really give a crap about israel and even less about the bs in the old testament . 
  it 's just that arabs have shown no redeeming qualities for their case in this conflict . 
  so i 'd rather side with the israelis than a bunch of islamists . 
  where would you rather live as a czech ? 
  in israel or jordan ? 
  or maybe syria ? 
  never mind palestine . 
  where would they afford you greater respect as a human-being ? 
   normally it would be wrong to judge someone 's character by where they 're from , even if you also categorize by their religion . 
  what is the threat that some muslims pose to european culture that 's so severe so as to justify that ? 
  name me a single muslim country where you 'd like to live or think should be a model for the world . 
  i 'll give you 10 times the population in muslim countries that are the closest to hell on earth . 
  the empirics are on my side . 
  not yours . 
  this is not trivial either , they are a fifth of humanity yet they only produce the worst of humanity . 
  coincidence i suppose ? 
  and we 're living in 2017 . 
  andaluz is irrelevant . 
  and i do n't judge individuals by where they are from . 
  individual interaction afford the luxury of individual judgement . 
  but government policy does not/cannot work that way . 
  generalization is inherent in politics . 
   are you talking about culture or heritage ? 
  well talking about broad statements . 
  what do you mean by ` heritage ' ? 
  the things i mentioned can be either culture or race i guess . 
  but the point is that there is a social culture and ideology attached to them . 
  i do not believe it is genetics that make these different cultures develop in different ways and i assume you believe the same . 
  but the fact is that they do develop in different ways . 
  this third variable is thus culture and the ideology attached to it . 
  maybe you call this ` heritage ' ? 
  i do n't know . 
   are arabs unable to adapt your humanist values ? 
  and chinese , for example , are able ? 
  that seems like a really weird opinion to have to me . 
  not arabs , muslim arabs . 
  it 's not a weird opinion . 
  it is the plain fact that everyone can see . 
  the ways in which the chinese may not adapt are trivial . 
  fundamentally they have no problem with seeing us as their equals and equal culture . 
  arab culture ( and i suspect increasingly muslim culture in general ) is not like that at all . 
  western mores are specifically taboo and inferior . 
  the tribalism we see emanating from this group today is no great surprise if you take their corrosive theology seriously . 
   you believe that that brand of human is fundamentally incompatible with all of your most basic values in a way that almost no one else on earth is ? 
  i believe that islam is fundamentally incompatible with basically anything . 
  heck it 's not even compatible with slightly different versions of itself when you see the genocide they like to employ in their countries against their neighbors . 
  why do n't you have a nice read of this article : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_ongoing_armed_conflicts anyway , there are a few exceptions in secularized balkan and ex-soviet muslim states . 
  but these exceptions are almost trivial and account for a few percent off the world 's muslims . 
  i think our media in holland is a lot less awful than what is described for sweden . 
  there is deff a discussion here . 
  but yes in general there is a left-wing bias just because of the selection-bias for the journalistic profession i think . 
  i was 12 . 
  i remember that day very well . 
  i had an obsession for skyscrapers as a kid and wanted to visit nyc and see the wtc and empire state . 
  it was like a movie . 
  it was quite exciting in a way but i also had some adult thoughts about it . 
  i was worried that the usa would act in a rash manner and overreact . 
  which is exactly what ended up happening ... 
  i remember the 90s . 
  but that whole decade was like the end of history and everything was going perfect . 
  so it was easier to be delusional . 
  of course it might be rose-tinted glasses because i was a kid and life is more carefree anyway . 
  we are not fine . 
  nothing concrete has been done . 
  the big taboos are kind of the same it 's just that 40 % is ready to talk about them . 
  but history is moving fast now . 
  i suspect that it will take sweden far less than 15 years to arrive at where we are now . 
  3rd and 4th generation muslim arabs are worse than 1st gen. 
  this experiment has already failed . 
  i do n't think sub-saharan africans have been that much of a problem in europe . 
  some caribbeans have done poorly though . 
  i 'm not against migration . 
  but both the left and the extreme right have delusional fantasies about it . 
  culture matters , and not all cultures are equal . 
  in fact ours is far superior . 
  but this is not obvious to every culture and not every culture is open ( to assimilation ) . 
  that said i think a good target for specifically muslim immigration would be zero or negative . 
  we have more than enough already and it will take a century to clean up this mess . 
  we absolutely should discriminate in our immigration policies between cultures that have already proven their succes and compatibility and those that are not ( islam for one ... maybe shias ) . 
  political correctness at this point is absolutely intellectually bankrupt and should n't be part of the conversation . 
  did n't mean that they were n't persecuted there . 
  in any case the simple point is that there are dozens of muslim countries . 
  just one jewish one . 
  that is why pakistan is not full of immigrants . 
  muslims are not persecuted everywhere . 
  the fact that they may be in those places does n't change that . 
  sweden is were we were 15 years ago .
