  no , they should shut down half of them !, 
  and institute zero tolerance for this bs . 
  and we ought to stop immigration from muslim-majority countries entirely . 
  unless the screening process entails screening out the muslims . 
  the ones we have are troublesome enough after 3 generations . 
  integrate them first before you escalate . 
  pragmatism and observation is not on the liberal side of the argument here . 
  shut it all down !, 
  that 's kind of distorted . 
  they are a threat insofar that they wo n't protect us as much as they used to . 
  but russia would be the threat there . 
  china is not a partner . 
  that subreddit appears to be functioning correctly !, 
  if euro liberal politicians see what they perceive to be an incestuous relationship between moscow and washington to destroy their union do you think that wo n't have an effect ? 
  ban that shit and reject the asylum claims of the adults involved . 
  why would they move to nyc for eu passporting rights ? 
  not very clever are you ? 
  we do n't border either libya or syria . 
  the only ` true refugees ' from there are not those that came illegally but those we take directly from there . 
  people pretend like this is new but of course this has been going on for decades . 
  it 's just so overwhelming now that it 's impossible to politically correctly ignore it any longer . 
  a sad display all around . 
  have an aunt from there and my uncle living there  still never been !, 
  should go sometime before it becomes expensive like us , 
  and i 'm sure it will have a glorious future with all these wonderful ` humanists ' you 're inviting over to become new europeans . 
  the us might lift their sanctions . 
  the eu might escalate them in response . 
  the 2nd is far more relevant to russia . 
  excellent !, 
  angela merkel is the most powerful factor driving the forces of eu disintegration so i 'm not sure if they should be so unhappy . 
  schultz would at least give a new face to the failed asylum policies . 
  possibly delaying sentiments . 
   islamophobia ugh . . european politicians would do well to remove that word from their vocab if they wish to remain politically relevant . 
  frankly this would be a good opportunity for the eu members to coordinate their approach rather than another race to the bottom . 
  why not introduce a new financial services tax ( or a floor rate ) of which a few percent feeds into the eu budget ? 
  call it the * moral hazard tax * or something . 
  spend it on the middle class . 
  mock it as much as you want . 
  your govt played lackey to some inbred sultan . 
  hope you 're proud . 
  that 's the first time i 've seen anyone mentioning him going to prison . 
  the whole thing was a farce . 
  you leftist playing the devils advocate doubly so . 
  you have no cause to be smug about this frankly . 
  let 's make it a national holiday !, 
  erdocunt day ? 
  anyone have any better ideas ? 
  wow , that was really great !, 
  much better than i expected !, 
  i 've never even thought about wroclaw but it looks very nice !, 
  if belgium is such an awful warzone , why ca n't we help belgian refugees ? 
  not if you walk 130kph, 
  iceland ... for shame !, 
   in france at least prisons are overpopulated . 
  and putting in prison someone who is n't a danger to society is not optimal . 
  people who do n't have id are abusing our hospitality . 
  the point of detaining them is deterring these economic migrants from coming . 
  i 'm sure that legit refugees who somehow lost their documents and for who ` turkey is just too dangerous ! ', 
  and are fleeing for their lives are happy to have any roof over their head . . 
  right ??? 
  until their id can be established . 
   it would also cost millions if not billions of tax payers money . 
  luckily refugee housing is free/s can you leftist stop with the ` its impossible ! ', 
  you 've been up to it for years repeating that tired mantra until public opinion forces you to do ` the impossible ' . 
   i 'm sure that would n't be the perfect breeding ground for extremism . 
  good rational thinking man . 
  well then they can be * extreme * in their own damn shithole countries . 
  not europe . 
  i just love leftist trying to sell us islam with threats . 
  great rational thinking man . 
  do n't forget , there were many western europeans who agreed with them . 
  of course , they were ( are ) called nazis too . 
  they 're not a * natural * ally . 
  and they are merely a historic ally because we in the west have been idiotic to continue allying with such a thug nation as pakistan post cold-war . 
  india has no imperialistic , territorial interests in the west and could be an excellent counterweight against china and an ally against islamism . 
  seems like a * natural * ally . 
  yeah it is pathetic . 
  these same people and the leftist supporting them have been saying for more than a year now how the solutions now being proposed are ` impossible ' . 
  i 'm happy that they finally came to their senses though . 
  they have a long way to go to earn my trust however . 
  so i 'll be sure to send a signal at the ballot box . 
  why do you hate to say it ? 
   but we 'll have to have some frank discussion with regard to learning from mistakes of colonialism , constitutional limitations , etc. 
  iraq has clearly demonstrated that ` winning the hearts and minds ' and a light approach does n't work . 
  the lessons from colonialism are : that it did work . 
  isis is also able to pacify its territories ( i 'm sure there are some muslims in mosul that do n't agree with them . . but they stay quiet ) . 
  you might not like it but a ` humanitarian ' approach to nation building in that region of sectarian hatred does n't work . 
  it 's probably why nations there that are n't ruled by an iron fist often fall apart . 
  so we either do n't do any * nation building * or we have the stomach to commit atrocities and keep the populace under our heel while we shove our designs down their throat . 
  the second option probably wo n't happen in a hundred years ( unless things become really dire here in europe ) so i propose we refrain from nation building . 
  fortress europe , bombing and supporting the least-awful ( for us ) despots it is then . 
  wonderful future !, 
  yup . 
  the arabs are so full of sectarian hatred ( for us , each-other and every damn person on this planet ) that they 'd rather tear themselves apart ( as they did in iraq ) then have us be involved in anything constructive . 
  it 's the same frothing hatred and tribalism that has left the region in its current state and its people so incredibly easy to manipulate by it 's despots throughout the 20th century and today . 
  the people on that board are the liberals too ... 
  they only want our help when it is n't there ( syria ) and when it is they want us dead . 
  they have made it politically impossible for us to commit in that part of the world ( iraq being vietnam and all ) let them deal with their issues . 
  and seal their borders , do n't allow them to export their problems to our soil . 
  i guess what is left for us is to support whatever despot we find least awful ( only thing that has ` worked ' so far ) .
