  here he is confronted and refuses to answer those specific questions . 
  in the beginning of the interview he 's perfectly ready to answer the other questions he likes . 
  hmmmm . . 
  flair checks out ;-) jk , i lived in berlin for a few months last year . 
  nice place !, 
  i did get a chuckle out of the fact that both of my wgs had signs in the bathrooms that implored men to sit down to pee hahah !, 
  sooooo berlin !, 
  ( i mostly complied too because i 'm a lazy & comfy fuck ) i also liked that you got triggered because you saw two opinions you disagree with in sequence :3, 
  i did n't say anything about peaceful . 
  it 's why yours are more modern/liberal . 
   you 're making a lot of assumptions about why muslims from the middle-east emigrate , tho . 
  does n't it make just as much sense that they 're fleeing the violence and poverty of the me for safer , more stable countries where there are already established communities ? 
  i was talking about immigration not refugees . 
  the turks and moroccans we have are not ( descendants from ) refugees . 
  guest workers and family reunion . 
  i guess we 'll have to wait what will happen to the refugees . 
   what are conditions like in little-arabia ( wherever that may be ) . 
  is it generally poor ? 
  is it under served ? 
  is there high crime ? 
  that 's what i 'm curious about . 
  with little-arabia i was making the point that you simply do n't have the quantity and arab parallel society . 
  your western-centric arabs are americans . 
  many of ours are n't dutch or german . . not really anyway . 
  there is segregation ( not quite as segregated as america but there definitely is ) , as i student i lived in a kind of foreigner ( muslim ) area but there was a mix of students , them and old ( dutch ) people . 
  so it 's not quite as extreme as the us i imagine . 
  the worst we have is the stuff you might know from paris . 
  i guess those are the only ones that look a little bit like american ghettos . 
  but without the rampant violent crime ( but a lot higher rates still than among natives . . homicide is just extremely rare in general ) . 
  but we have no ghettos in the netherlands and not much outside of france either . 
  these neighborhoods are higher crime yes but they are quite neat and tidy and in nl there definitely is n't a place where i as a male would feel uncomfortable at any time of the day or night in whatever state of intoxication on my own . 
  this is true for most of western europe i think . 
  so it really is n't like america if that 's what you 're thinking . 
  ok so here 's how the atlantic ocean works : actually to be fair it 's not just the atlantic ocean but let 's begin . 
  we were once bombed to bits by ze evil germans and we needed cheap labor to rebuild our cities and house the baby-boom . 
  we ( west europe ) imported turks , north-africans and other colonial off-shoots to fill that niche ( subcontinent for uk for example ) . 
  dumb-peasant labor who were supposed to be temporary workers and then go back . 
  off course they stayed . 
  i imagine we would have imported mexicans if we were located where you are . 
  america meanwhile attracted western-oriented dreamers and entrepreneurs . 
  the liberal upper-class with both the desire and means to make the trip . 
  no great shortage of dumb labor , no guest-worker program required . 
  america was far away so means and desire were prerequisite . 
  you get the most liberal pro-western elite of the islamic world . 
  we get normal muslims or even the peasant class and we get much much more . 
  and ever since we 've had a large diaspora of non-western muslims who attracted their non-western muslim family who wanted to live their non-western muslim live and have nothing to do with the west . 
  meanwhile you continue to attract the ones with the means and desire : the western oriented elite . 
  this is perpetual , you are the epitome of the evil decadent west . 
  the only muslims you attract are the liberal elite who want to be westerners and can afford to come ( educated , money etc. . . those that admire the west ) . 
  we meanwhile just attract those that want to live in little-arabia a few hours flight from home with a cushy welfare state . 
  entirely different populations . 
  ours is more representative , yours is elite . 
  kuzu has refused to condemn erdogan 's mass imprisonment of journalists , opposition and academics before . 
  erdogan has just called us all nazi , mass-murderers and the only ones that kuzu has condemned over this incident is our prime minister , justice minister and geert wilders . 
  wilders has condemned nazis and fascists whenever he has been asked . 
  there is a clear difference between that nsb-turk and wilders until kuzu decides to condemn our enemies rather than our pm . 
  it 's not our muslims that are the exception , yours are . 
  the atlantic ocean explains most of that difference ( selection bias ) . 
  eee-yoooo !, 
  because many are islamist trash or sympathizers . 
  and identity politics . 
  yes they won a ton of erdogan fanboys in the moroccan community too . 
  people may cheer about wilders ' result but this might turn out to be the silver lining for him that festers on . 
  muslims voted massively for the party allied to erdogan who has just called us nazi mass murderers ... 
  this might just become a subject of debate going forward especially as erdogan is n't done yet . 
  i guess with the election over , kuzu might finally have the space to condemn erdogan 's words but we shall see . 
  fringe parties and extreme parties . 
  i understand the confusion . 
  again you 're barking up the wrong tree . 
  i agree with wilders on islam . 
  does n't mean that he is n't considered extreme there . 
  there 's no party on the right of him on the issues that matter to him or voters when it comes to the pvv, 
  i said fringe and extreme , so either of those or both . 
  majority of dutch wo n't vote pvv and they are at the extreme end of our current political scale . 
  i 'm on their side this election ( though i voted for one of the smaller parties ) so i 'm not making value judgments here . 
  yes and no . 
  billion and a half people absolutely think he fucked kids and he was right to do so . 
  but no for most religious people their humanity trumps the horror of their religion to varying degrees . 
  so like most religious people they simply ignore this contradiction between the conduct they know to be ethical and muhammed 's example . 
  same as christians eating shrimp etc. 
  there 's lots of horror hundreds of millions of muslims do justify though . 
  far more than any other religion . 
  if we 're talking about stoning apostates , gays , blasphemers and adulterers about half of them would not be too far from the truth . 
  ok dutchies , lets expel all turkeys !, 
  yup , that was emotion and most likely positive for him . 
  i still think wilders won that exchange pretty handily though ( unlike with rutte ) but both were playing to disparate audiences . 
  the fringe and extreme parties . 
  pvv and denk etc. 
  more people are voting who are otherwise disengaged with the political process would be the conventional wisdom . 
   well , it might come as a surprise to you , but it is very difficult for unwanted non-citizens to get a dutch citizenship . 
  just try giving up your citizenship , you 'll realize how unwanted you are . 
  well europe has received about 2 million uninvited muslims in 2 years . 
  there are only 2-3 parties who want to prevent them getting citizenship ( one of which i do n't find credible : cda ... 
  but they 'll be in the next govt so we shall see ) so for me it 's not difficult enough i 'm sorry to say . 
  i do n't want these 2 million or their children to be a part of my democracy . 
   `` you '' just do n't like muslims , and you have never known a muslim in your life ... that 's not correct . 
  one of my childhood best friend 's was a nominal muslim ( i was his best friend , but i was a bit of a whore and had multiple ) also my fave colleague at my last job . 
  what i do n't care for is the political influence of islam . 
  seeing as i live in a democracy and i 'd like to keep it that way . . that is an issue . 
  we ca n't very well live with muslims without giving them democratic rights can we ?
