  life as usual ? 
  everyone continues sleepwalking ? 
  lol i wish i could reply with a funny meme but i completely ignored the fvd campaign ( did see a few interviews though ) so i do n't know any of the catchphrases !, 
  you lack imagination . 
  your average citizen in human history lived in complete destitute in conditions comparable to the poorest africans today . 
  it 's perfectly sustainable so long as revolution does n't occur . 
  without the west , the soviets would have been the most successful society in word ( because everything would have been shit , rather than just them ) . 
  the soviet union fell because its citizens demanded more . 
  how can you ` demand ' more if you are living the world 's most successful society . 
  does that scenario strike you as ripe for revolution ? 
  and they are totalitarians too !, 
  the worst misery in the world can be found in nk . 
  and even that is surprisingly sustainable . 
   how so ? 
  the shitty soviet system was unsustainable in the long run and collapsed on its own . 
  america mostly had to wait . 
  if the soviets were allowed to go it alone they would have swallowed up western europe too and then the rest of the world . 
  and then the soviets would have been unsustainable compared to ... what ? 
  they were the second most successful society in their time . 
  only the 1st world was wealthier and had beter quality of life . 
  our civilization can muddy on in darkness and misery for many centuries as it has done for most of its history . 
  they liberated us from the nazis and in the end they liberated you from the soviets . 
  pretty great . 
  the world is n't black and white with perfect paragons and evil demons ( though i guess there are evil demons ) . 
  the alternative to america as the world 's police was n't peaceful harmony or pacifistic leftist soviet sympathizing useful idiots . 
  the alternative was the soviet world police . 
  so my dear french . 
  what happens when macron wins the election after getting 60 % of the vote . 
  you 're going to put 40 % of your population back in the cordon sanitaire ? 
  * edit : it 's nice that i 'm getting downvoted for pointing out an uncomfortable reality and asking a genuine question :-) . 
  downvote is not a ` disagree ' button . 
  is n't the answer to this question interesting ? 
  it is to me . 
  * * i fully admit that i want le pen to win 49 % . 
  but i 'm genuinely curious about what will happen after she loses ? 
  we do n't have to walk around thinking that half the people voted pvv . 
  neither will the germans . 
  i guess the austrians might have some insight ? 
  quadrupled does n't mean much if left in total lost a lot of votes . 
  cda and vvd played with ` islamophobic ' fear making empty promises but it 's pretty obvious they are n't going to be too enthusiastic to receive many more refugees if the floodgates were to open again . 
  i 'm dutch , and i 've been to south-east pennsylvania . 
  even the rolling hills corn-country and amish country . 
  pure coincidence though ( erasmus friend lived there , week long east-coast stopover coming from the west-coast ) . 
  yes , i do hate totalitarians of all stripes . 
  not sure if that opinion is controversial here . 
  i do n't think it is . 
  well said . 
  biggest winner was the party that has co-opted much of wilders message and had just thrown the sultan out . 
  a party that says the refugees should be housed in the middle-east . 
  not here . 
  2nd biggest winner was the pvv . 
  third biggest winner is the party that wants to ban dual-citizenship ( inc our queen 's ) and has said they do not want to give the refugees citizenship . 
  all 3 of them are right wing . 
  i guess in your book green left is the other big winner ? 
  they picked up 1/3 of the seats that labour has lost and are the 6th biggest party . 
  the evil nazi hungarian wall that we now all quietly love . 
  cheers merkel !, 
  the fundamental reason why the left imploded is because they ( except the sp who 've never governed ) ideologically surrendered with the crisis in 2010 ( lente-akkoord ) and 2012 by conceding to austerity cuts/neoliberalism for short term electoral gains . 
  this was popular because it was ` common sense ' , but academically it was controversial . 
  the left wing economic view on things ( cuts are bad in a crisis ) was the mainstream one among economics and has now won the academic debate . 
  but the left never even dared to make this argument . 
  so now they must reap what they have sowed . 
  we 've had the worst and weakest recovery in modern history ( weaker than great depression ) and rutte can claim that as a success because we 're living in 2017 and we 're feeling a lot better than 2016 . 
  but even if he could n't claim it as a success it would be a shared failure with pvda . 
  this is all so empty . 
  what is right wing populism anyway ? 
  is fvd right wing populism ? 
  they entered parliament with at it 's core the same ideals as wilders but packaged in serious policy and appealing to educated elites ( very snobbish air around them ) . 
  precisely appealing to a group that would never vote for wilders even if only out of social pressure . 
  vvd and cda also moved strongly towards wilders over the last few years and especially this election . 
  and other mainstream parties have conceded a few key points to wilders which are now the consensus . 
  this is wilders in 2011 . 
  back then , as now , he was also a ` nazi ' saying nazi things . 
  nobody ( here ) disagrees with these words now : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ydtlbxki9eu the fundamental problem of the pvv is wilders himself . 
  he 's been casts as ` nazi ' for a decade and even if people [ agree ] ( https://www.chathamhouse.org/expert/comment/what-do-europeans-think-about-muslim-immigration ) they wo n't vote for him . 
  he invites this himself by courting publicity trough inflammatory statements rather than just pursuing his goals through more boring policy . 
  people want to vote for many of wilders ' ideas but they want to do so with a clear conscience . 
  repackaging his ideology into new parties ( fvd ) or infusing it into current parties ( vvd , cda ) will allow people to do so more and more . 
   merkel simply likes to think before she acts while not deviating too far from the usual methods this measured and well-considered leadership in 2015 has given us a much more compact and efficient eu post-2016 !, 
  no , you just have a laughably revisionist view of history . 
  what happened to eastern europe ? 
  why do n't you ask poles ? 
  or south and north koreans for that matter . 
  what would have happened to us western europeans if the soviets did n't meet americans in germany ? 
  the cia 's crimes in latin america and dirty games they played elsewhere in no way stacks up to the billion + people enslaved by communism . 
  and the anti-communists , no matter how reactionary they might have been , had the instincts of the international-socialist pegged exactly right . 
  your blase revisionism is tired and confused . 
  i believe that islamists hate us whatever we do . 
  it is completely fruitless to try to appease them with our actions . 
  so worrying about blowback is a fruitless exercise . 
  when are these paragons of moral decency going to attempt to introduce pedophilia again like they tried last year ? 
  what a wonderful religion, 
  well . . 
  i guess we can do war instead if you like . 
  that worked in sk . 
  it comes down to not helping our enemies . 
  this is idiotic . 
  we have freedom of speech . 
  that does n't mean that government representatives can say anything they want without consequence . 
  inbred mongrel islamists twist everything into ` hypocrisy ' , that 's their problem .
