   even more so if africa & me keep failing . 
  and there is nothing wrong with that . 
  these attitudes is why i have no confidence in schengen and would rather throw a wrench into the whole project . 
   what is unsustainable , though , is accepting people in large quantities without proper ways of integrating them , which naturally leads to a more dysfunctional society the quantities of muslim immigrants we have taken before this crisis over the last half century already led to a dysfunctional and non-integrated society . 
  so your viewpoint is pure madness as far as i 'm concerned . 
  if we were to take 0 extra from this culture it would still probably take a generation or two to integrate them . 
  with the current stream i see no reason to expect any integration at all . 
  this is kind of where i am right now . 
  though i think the union can still be saved if enough eurocrats are kicked to the curb and the others scared into sanity . 
  basically i 'm going to vote extreme in the hope it scares them enough to reform schengen and/or external borders ( and before you ask , yes i do prefer a pvv govt to continuing down this madness we 've embarked upon ) . 
  if you cut north africa out of that pic maybe i 'll agree !, 
  many americans ca n't point to wyoming on the map . 
  it 's not really comparable . 
  no russian vassal state was treated as well though . 
  look how the russians treat even their own citizens . 
  they 're not in the same galaxy of moral equivalence . 
  yes , so repulsive that i have strong opinions about gay-bashing , apostate-killing , anti-intellectual , women-enslavers . 
  if only i could be such an enlightened cultural-relativist like you !, 
  lol , read the link , it 's really interesting and unrelated to my commentary ( for which i do n't apologize ) . 
  you have your own currency . 
  that just goes to show what awful fighters arabs are . 
  such a worthless culture : http://www.meforum.org/441/why-arabs-lose-wars, 
  building up moral equivalences between the us and russia ( or even china ) is bs too . 
  western germany is what you get being friends/vassal of the us . 
  ukraine is what you get if russia is your ` friend ' . 
  northern european austerity policy is what has sabotaged the last decade to the extent that it did . 
  germany individually did ok ( but you were the only one ) . 
  we 've been doing worse because we 've done austerity in lieu of currency adjustment . 
  having a bunch of neoliberal ideologues masquerading as cold pragmatists at the helm . 
  but in the long run after all that stupidity we ought to return closer to our long-run equilibrium . 
  why ? 
  the fact that we have done worse for many years now should mean we 're much further away from potential productivity then they are . 
  we also have a lot more unemployed to tap from going forward . 
  i was hoping it would be a compilation of the best shitposts :(, 
  btw these are the rufugee policies i would support : either option 1 : guarantee that the ( muslim , or if not acceptable all ) refugees ( and their kin ) would never gain citizenship . 
  the < 40 adult male population ca n't leave detention centers . 
  if this were the case i would absolutely accept as many refugees as we can reasonably support . 
  so even if they 're here 15 years , their country stabilizes and they and their children are send back . 
  of course i would never trust merkel or future politicians to hold to such an agreement . 
  so it 's a nonstarter . 
  option 2 : accept only women and children ( no boys beyond puberty ) . 
  absolutely no family reunion ( which we have to reform anyway ) . 
  of course the left would never accept either of these so the only choice is really all or nothing . 
  which is sad but oh well . 
  i prefer nothing to the insanity we 've done so far . 
   that 's not true though , is it ? 
  it varies from bad to fairly acceptable , as far as i can tell . 
  fairly acceptable in turkey + central asia . 
  but that represents maybe 5-10 % of the muslim world . 
  outside of that it 's bad to horrifying . 
  with more on the horrifying end of the scale . 
   isis number estimates range between 20k and 200k . 
  against an unarmed civilian population ? 
  certainly seems feasible to me . 
  they were a few thousand ( 15-30k were the figures mentioned then ) when they sweeped into iraqi territories at lighting speed in 2014 . 
  they encountered no opposition basically and were welcomed in the streets . 
  maybe they never had majority support even when they sweeped in . 
  but they certainly had broad support . 
  these people are n't shy of flirting with militant jihadism as the last 15 years have shown . 
  in that summer there was also a pro-isis demonstration in schilderwijk close to where i live . 
  the only isis-related demonstration from our muslim-community as far as i can tell . 
   in syria , yes . 
  in iraq or afghanistan ? 
  certainly not . 
  this is completely beside the point though . 
  it 's not besides the point of you claiming the refugees we receive are fleeing from isis . 
  that is n't true generally . 
  and you were just telling me how backwards afghans were compared to syrians . 
  i certainly do n't want afghan refugees . 
   says who ? 
  you ? 
  i disagree . 
  because it 's asinine and can be abused in whatever which way . 
  when you argue against populist , fascists , racist or whoever you 're also generalizing a diverse set of people and ideas . 
  so what ? 
  you 're not allowed to critique abstract groups ? 
  i showed you the polls , we can see how the governments and judicial systems in the muslim world generally look like . 
  it 's perfectly legitimate to draw conclusions . 
  if there was an example of an enlightened modern muslim nation ( which really is n't too much to ask for seeing as we 're talking about 1.6 billion ) at least there would be somewhat of a counterargument . 
  but even that is too much to ask . 
   what does that say about your and their views ? 
  germany is an unique case because you have so many historical connotations and bagage here . 
  eastern germany developed different to western germany and was abused too much to feel the same kind of guilt that western germans still feel . 
  but support for the refugees has been dropping uniformly across europe as we get to know them better . 
  be it in cologne or in budapest . 
   your entire argumentation continues to hinge on the idea that there are one or two correct interpretations of islam i do no such thing . 
  i do n't decide what a muslim is , neither do you . 
  they speak for themselves as they did in those polls . 
  you wo n't prevent me from forming my opinion on their religion though based on the views of its followers . 
  their ugly ideology is n't my responsibility and i do n't owe them or it anything . 
  we have 3 generations of failed immigration ( kids more radical than their grandparents ) and you want to escalate but have no plan and offer no perspective . 
  simply not good enough . 
   it really takes stones to even attempt to confidently claim that my side of this debate are destroying the eu but you are . 
  without merkel 's insanity in 2015 brexit would n't have happened ( it was certainly close enough ) and all my ` buddies ' would n't be riding so high in the polls . 
  you 're the oxygen for that fire . 
  you 're willing to sacrifice everything else and for what ? 
  a bunch of religious fascists and their fellow travelers . 
  you 're right . 
  i want to wait until we get auto-aim hacks and wallhacks before i volunteer, 
   where 's your source for this `` open-armed welcoming of isis '' ?
