  they have no responsibility huh ? 
  even if this silly rationalization was correct it would n't change a thing . 
  historical guilt plays no role in geopolitics . 
  self-interests do . 
  i think germany might be one of the few states where if the state orders an invasion ( however silly it might be ) there might be mass desertions . 
  but you should know that this is something unique to you . 
  actually scratch that , german sensibilities are ultimately stronger than even the collective guilt . 
  soldiers do what they are told hans !, 
  it 's what they are supposed to do . 
  an army is useless if not . 
  i mean , we can be giddy about it because russia deserves whatever its getting but ... 
  it 's truly is a sad waste of life ... and 1500 tragedies . 
  the fact that most of us ca n't even tell for what purpose they died ( or can give you 10 different answers ) truly shows how pointless and pathetic it is . 
   what 's the solutions that the fascists are proposing ? 
  i have n't heard anything resembling a solution from them . 
  they just talk about deportarions , even more borders and when they have some spare time on their hand they go outside and hunt down immigrants and leftists ( in greece , at least ) . 
  the only thing they 're interested in is their agenda . 
  usually a two step program : 1 ) stop escalating the problem ( stop muslim immigration ) 2 ) crack down on the problem ( close muslim schools , close radical mosques perhaps deport dual-passport criminals ) i 'll grant you that step two infringes on some of our traditional liberal values ( in service of saving them ) but they are solutions nonetheless . 
  maybe bad solutions , but solutions . 
  step one is a no-brainer and something you will likely have to surrender at some point . 
  meanwhile merkel & macron etc. 
  : `` import more . . hope they integrate this time pretty please ? '', 
  there is no plan , no proposal . 
  not even the illusion of a plan . 
  that is the difference , and that is why you 're on borrowed time . 
  eventually if voters are given no alternative they will choose even ` dumb ' solutions over no solution . 
   there has never been a significant community of syrian refugees in europe so you have nothing to compare it to . 
  maghrebi guestworkers are far from the same thing . 
  i could write a book on the cultural differences just from my time in the camp . 
  i believe you . 
  but 3rd gen maghrebi guestworkers is what we have now . 
  i 'm going to assume that the syrian kids will be growing up with those kids and that they will be going to those schools and mosques . 
  i 'm pretty skeptical they will take to their european neighbors ( who understandably reject them more and more ) and instead they will take to the established maghrebi-dutch culture . 
  which is complete garbage . 
  just think how strong the tribalism is amongst muslims and arabs in particular . 
   i also think you do n't understand their culture very much , and you do n't understand how willing/unwilling they are to part ways with it . 
  i 'm starting to think that you may be deceived because you exclusively deal with 1st gen muslim migrants who owe you . 
  even the guest workers were thankful and relatively respectful . 
  2nd gen is when the crime and resentment start usually . 
   you 're not importing values , you 're importing people . 
  a false dichotomy . 
   the fact that ( some of ) those people hold said values is unfortunate , but not insurmountable . 
  in fact the minute they step foot on european soil they are corrupted . 
  the camps i work in are much less conservative than for example rural iraq or syria . 
  it is full of converts , and women in relationships outside of marriage are public , though there are n't many . 
  of course there are a few who cause trouble over this but they are not many and they are not supported by the rest of the camp . 
  as always most people are just interested in getting on with their lives . 
  the only exception are some afghans who are remarkably conservative . 
  i will tell you this , your testimony does give me some hope and less cynicism . 
  of course it 's not enough but i reassure you that it 's something . 
  in the end nobody wants to be a cynic and i was n't before late 2014 . 
  in the end i do n't think i want to roll any dices considering that among the world 's 1.4 billion muslims i can hardly identify a country where people outside their tribe are n't 2nd class citizens and often brutally . 
  but honestly i 'd rather be an optimist and an idealist . 
   what victims are you saving by turning back refugees ? 
  our sisters/daughters in cologne , the gays walking hand in hand in amsterdam and ( great , great ? ), 
  grandchildren yet unborn . 
  i do n't want to turn into lebanon . 
  not even in a thousand years . 
  i do n't even want to turn into france . 
  that would be an injustice in my eyes . 
  it 's not a matter of personal fear , it 's the kind of society i want to leave for posterity . 
  that society looks nothing like the muslim world ( which is n't a small sample size ) . 
  ` you save one life and you save the world ' what if that world is hell ? 
  i 'll think you have to accept that previous refugees were not this hostile . 
  they ( some , not all ) share a responsibility in their fate whatever it may be . 
  and to consider this question a bit more concretely : i guess we 'll be saving the lives of 4k refugees per year who drown playing the mediterranean lottery . 
   even if you want to take the classic example of a family turning on a child because of atheism/adultery whatever , do you think that child will be safer in europe or at home ? 
  no , but my/your child will be . 
  we 're not just importing people . 
  we 're also importing a people . 
  you 'll have to admit that . 
  yes they are . 
  you might not like the solutions , but they are solutions nonetheless . 
  meanwhile macron et al want to keep trying the same and hope for a different outcome . 
  they are offering nothing new or a reason why things should be different going forward . 
  i do n't really get your comment . 
  i 'm not a nationalist because at heart ... 
  i 'm not a nationalist . 
  my horizons are a lot broader than that : western liberal democracy and western values . 
  you do n't like that term ? 
  if you want to call them universal values or something that is your prerogative . 
  my view is that that term is aspirational rather than true . 
  wishful thinking and has proven to be less true than was once thought . 
  so that 's why i do n't use it as much . 
  do i think that the nationalists in europe at this point do a better job of protecting european/western interests than say merkel does on many issues ? 
  yes i do , if germany and sweden are forced to suffer the full consequences of their foolishness ( which to a large extent has happened anyway ) not only will it prevent them from dragging the rest of europe down . . 
  it will also prevent them from dragging themselves down as they ca n't and wo n't bear the costs . 
  they certainly would n't be flying in a million refugees per year without schengen and secretly they bless orban at this point for closing the balkan . 
  never mind all the virtue signalling . 
  still , at the time i thought the cards could have been played differently by greece . 
  `` look , we ca n't cut ourselves out of this or mortgage our future generations just to stay in a monetary union for which we are n't fit . 
  let 's bite the bullet now and leave the euro in as orderly a fashion as can be done . 
  we do not want to destabilize the eurozone or eu so let 's make this work the best way possible . 
  did we mention how pretty you are mrs , merkel ? '', 
  the greeks did have a credible threat ( fucking up the eurozone with a messy split would have greece punch far above its weight ) . 
  if the eu wanted to punish the greeks for leaving then greece would have nothing to lose . 
  also remember , at the time kicking greece out of the euro was a threat often repeated by the northern eurozone and troika . 
  greek politicians themselves and the greek people did not want to leave the euro at the time ( still do n't ) . 
  but it would have been a lot better . 
  right but 1 ) those people were not obama 's father 2 ) they were separated by dozens to hundreds of years rather than a single generation .
