  including bigots from backward cultures who we arrogantly assumed would emulate our superior ways . 
  in fact , we 're still doing that !, 
  in record numbers even !, 
  if you 're spending your money on these savage cultures , you 're asking for it . 
  islamic terrorism is the least humane . 
  any other kind is more humane . 
  find me something as savage as the bataclan or nice . 
  find me something that compares to anything on this table in its barbarity or indiscriminate nature : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_terrorist_incidents_in_2016 you ca n't , your issue is that non-islamic terrorist groups define their ` out-group ' a lot more narrowly than ` anyone who disagrees with us ' . 
  very sad for islam , but not my responsibility . 
  you provide a lot of whining and complaints about people making insufficient points for somebody who brings zero arguments to the table . 
  far more likely = still close to zero . 
  but that is n't the point , the muslims in the us are completely unrepresentative of the muslim world at large or even those in europe . 
  theirs are richer on average than the natives people who explicitly chose for the land of the great satan . 
  they are occidentophiles . 
  ours are your bread and butter lower-classes who chose for nothing more than little arabia + welfare who by en large have a your typical hatred for the west and its inhabitants . 
  if austria does n't have a coast then how come vienna has a beach ? 
  vienna is in the east . 
  pretty conclusive i 'd say . 
  then my criticism on that front is rather hollow . 
  in fact reading the article from that contexts completely negates my point of criticism . 
  i have lived in vienna for a short while in a very turkish districts ( no problems ) but i 'm sure the author is much more familiar than me . 
  i support austria 's tough stance here though . 
  the tougher on integration the better at this point . 
  well let me put it differently then . 
  despite the well-meaning innocents that may become victims ( and perhaps this guy is one ) i 'm happy that there are now consequences for failure to integrate . 
  i 'm even happy that they appear to be quite strict and tough in austria . 
  in fact mastering the language towards a basic or even decent level should be a prerequisite for future citizenship for new arrivals ( as i believe is increasingly the case in european countries , at least nominally ) . 
  if this excludes some rural people of low-education beyond a certain age : good . 
  no , but this was from the washington post . 
  there 's much i agree with when it comes to the liberal elite on the coasts in the us . 
  but in this case it 's their liberal social clique that prevents them from seeing the truth on islam and europe 's muslims . 
  not least because they are n't faced with our issues . 
  if even our leftist elite finds it so easy to stick their heads in the sand with the chaos and carnage we have to deal with . 
  how can i expect theirs to know any better ? 
  i do n't and they do n't . 
  it 's not people from third world countries , it 's their third generation criminal descendants who have n't found enough meaning in their life of abusing their native neighbors , dealing drugs and receiving welfare from the natives . 
  they have n't the tiniest justification for even feeling aggrieved , never mind the acts of barbarism they commit . 
  but i agree with your wider point that not all muslims are the same . 
  of course it is turkey ( and all its problems ) , the balkan muslims as well as the central asian ones that are the exception to the rule of barbarism we see all across the ( developed and undeveloped ) arab world , near-east , pakistan and afghanistan . 
   so how many muslims are there in colombia ? 
  read `` far more humane and less indiscriminate . '' . 
  farc does n't indiscriminately slaughter as many kids and civilians as they possibly can . 
  they have specific political targets . 
  yes they are awful and should be condemned . 
  but they are no isis or any other jihadists . 
  not in the same universe of moral equivalency . 
  you can be as obtuse as you want . 
  targeting empty buildings like for example the ira did and giving advance warning is not the same as gunning down 130 kids in a concert hall who have no connection to your political cause . 
  that this does n't jive with your bs politically correct worldview does n't interest me in the least . 
  idiot leftist like to talk about abortion doctors when people mention isis . 
  that is your prerogative , but it convinces nobody except yourselves . 
   i 'm not doing any kind of justification but i assume how civilians in isis controlled areas feel the same while they are bombarded by usa , russia , france or turkish airplanes . 
  ( yes there are many confirmed civilian casualties in syria and iraq . ), 
  idiotic whataboutism . 
  clearly you have n't thought this trough . 
  coalition and military are targeting isis . 
  the worst savages our modern world has seen . 
  worse than nazis . 
  these people are targeting schoolchildren . 
  your comparison is obscene . 
  besides the mosul civilians welcomed isis with open arms . 
  they are n't being targeted but they are reaping what they sowed in any case . 
   sad that terrorism is inevitable . 
  countries without muslims suffer barely any terrorism . 
  and the little they do suffer is often far more humane and less indiscriminate . 
  you have terrible memory : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/beslan_school_siege https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/moscow_theater_hostage_crisis https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/february_2004_moscow_metro_bombing, 
  terribly written & biased article . 
  typical of the east-coast elite that knows nothing of europe and our immigration issues . 
  it sucks for the guy and i feel bad for him , but i support the decision . 
  integration should no longer be an option without consequence . 
  he 's been here 25 years , no excuses . 
  i know , i was pointing out how much of a diplomatic understatement this was . 
  dutch are also rudely direct . 
  maybe even moreso it 's hard for me to judge exactly ( having lived about a year between berlin and vienna too ), 
  hiding the issue makes it go away . 
  so stop talking about it pls, 
  that 's a lot of assumptions, 
  where does this meme come from that germans are rudely direct ? 
  you are right . 
  if he were a terrorist he seems damn near suicidal , totally irrational . 
  so we can dismiss attempted terrorism guys it probably was an extreme right wing , white american school shooter . 
  maybe kkk, 
  only if you identify as a euro/asian-kin . 
  ca n't forget trans-species . 
  personally i 'm on an exclusive acorn diet, 
   35 % is what their currently predicted as getting , i would be surprised if they got that . 
  i think it 's extremely unlikely they do better in 5 years time considering that there likely will be no refugee crisis . 
  1 ) that 's a bg assumption . 
  2 ) there will still be 10 % muslims who are increasingly seen and acting as a fifth column . 
  integration has failed for 50 years and seems to be deteriorating . 
  how are the mainstream gon na fix it in 5 years ? 
  i guess it 's easy to be cynical and we shall see . 
  i know about the 2000 elections . 
  i did n't mention them . 
  everything was good back then . 
  no stakes . 
  2004 was different , bush was already seen as the worst president of al time by one side of country ( and the rest of the world ) . 
  he was intensely hated already in 2004 . 
  but not as much as 2005-06 after katrina that is true . 
  not american but i did follow the politics closely from 2004 onward ( before the election ) .
