  i 'm sure most find it more amusing than annoying . 
  carry on !, 
  you 're insinuating people you do n't know were cavalier about genocide because they were especially prejudiced . 
  but the example you give proves nothing beyond that they are young men . 
  i would have said the same were they americans or any other westerners who 's attitudes i think i 'm familiar with . 
  you seem to be the one who 's emotionally invested here, 
  you clearly thought it noteworthy , i 'm just disputing that it is . 
  it proves that they were young men and soldiers . 
  we knew that already . 
   they even said the locals smell like shit . 
  here , it 's right there in the quotes . 
  i 'm betting the pc crowd are n't too interested in a military career so i imagine this sort of discourse is fairly common in the military . 
  5 years of ostrich policies and the further israelification of france might do it . 
  so 1918 is relevant but 1917 is not . 
  we were talking about greece . 
  let 's get of this tangent anyway . 
  they should have left and it should have been an orderly and mutual split with as little pain as possible . 
  but i do n't think that was on offer from the eu . 
  i think the choice was pain or more pain . 
  would greece have been better of if they left the euro in 2010 ? 
  i think it is undeniable . 
  i think punishing will take precedence . 
  the eurocrats would rather torture greece and its creditors than admit that they were wrong with the euro when it was absolutely obvious to everyone that it was wrong . . how will they treat a country that has actually shunned them ? 
  greece has shown the incredible sacrifices eurocrats are prepared to make citizens suffer just to keep their vanity intact . 
  the rationale for torturing the uk is much more robust than for greece . 
  of course not . 
  it 's just a funny scenario . 
  it wo n't happen . 
  belgium is as much of a logistics/trade country as we are . 
  i think holland is more likely to leave anyway even with the better economy ( maybe because we have a stronger national identity ) . 
  and we are n't likely to leave . 
  seems like us dutch & the belgians will be hit the hardest by a messy brexit on the continental side looking at exports . 
  our economy is relatively robust . 
  would be pretty hilarious if #brexit would lead to a #bexit . 
  politically , belgium is unimportant and would n't be the deathknell for the eu ( sorry neighbors . . 
  but you 're pretty much a non-country  . . 
  i mean you barely want to be one ) but brussels leaving brussels . . 
  i do n't think the eu could survive the irony . 
  juncker is not suprised . 
  he is playing politics . 
  which all parties will be doing in short order ( unless some adults enter the room ) . 
  godspeed uk !, 
  be a quiet neighbor for a decade and hopefully we can soon be friends again . 
  kind of proves the point if true . 
  but that is because you are a lefty and you dislike both of them . 
  what will fillon voters think ? 
  i think the average voter will think ` those are n't her words !, 
  what a fraud ' . 
  of course to any intelligent person it is obvious that politicians do not write their own speeches , but it shatters the cognitive dissonance of the average voter . 
  it 's pretty embarrassing ... people wo n't take note of the contents of the speech . 
  they will only take note that is was copied . 
  the only thing people take away from it is ` le pen is a clown ' . 
   that 's why you ( as a government ) should never back coup d'\u00e9tats of legitimally-elected governments . 
  hell could break loose and in this case it did . 
  but we did in syria . 
  and we are blamed for not intervening enough . 
  and in iraq we are blamed for the opposite . 
  the problem is n't us ( or not just us ) . 
  anyway , i think you make interesting points . 
  but in the end i do n't agree with your central arguments . 
   we 've never had an issue with our muslim minority and the same goes for the muslim immigrants that have arrived recently or the ones that arrived in the 90s/early 2000s . 
  well the balkan muslims are an exceedingly unique entity among the world 's 1.4 billion . 
  the question remains whether they are the exception that proves the rule or the proof that disproves the rule . 
  what is clear though is that the millions we are importing right now are not balkans , but arabs fleeing their own tribalism . 
   i 'm on borrowed time ? 
  how exactly am i on borrowed time ? 
  non-populists european politics are on borrowed time so long as they do n't even attempt to solve this issue . 
  things wo n't be better in 5 years in france even if the economy would be magically great . 
  22 terrorist attacks in 2 years . . people will run out of patience ( and rightly so ) . 
  israel is the blueprint if you want to know where we are going if things do n't change . 
  an israel unconstrained by international opinion even . 
  i think even if that were technically true ... 
  most soldiers are n't law students and will do what they are told . 
  as they are designed to do . 
  ` war crimes ' are simply put in place so that accountability and retribution can still be put into place after the fact if needed . 
  i doubt however that if merkel orders the invasion of switzerland that anyone much lower ranked than a general will face the icc or any other court . 
   they do n't realize the root causes of the `` problem '' that they 're trying to fix . 
  how are they going to stop the influx of refugees on a pan-european level ? 
  will they just scream at the top of their lungs `` refugees are n't welcome anymore '' ? 
  that may have worked for a smaller country like hungary but it wo n't work for europe as a whole . 
  people will still keep coming as they try to avoid a hellish situation . 
  you are so misguided it is n't even funny . 
  this has nothing to do with logistics or technical challenge but is purely a political problem . 
  1 ) people are n't fleeing syria they are fleeing the ` hellish ' situation in austria . . or turkey at most . 
  these people are desperate for a good life . . not fleeing from war . 
  those are the mechanics in play . 
  2 ) you can easily stop this by ceasing benefits to illegals completely and detaining them wherever authorities come into contact with them . 
  people do not flee turkey just to end up in a decrepit camp in germany . 
  they flee to germany because they 've been promised free milk and honey . 
  that 's all there is to it . 
  why are n't these people fleeing to qatar , emirates and saudi arabia ? 
  rich countries and culturally agreeable ... why not ? 
  because these countries have made the political decision not to accept them . 
  they do n't have magic forcefields . 
   a situation that , for the most part , has been created by the west 's intervention in the region . 
  as always ... 
  enlightened individuals like yourself bestow these ` noble savagaes ' with no agency . 
  they ca n't be responsible for their own actions can they ? 
  so it was western colonialism i guess ? 
  those few decades of french/english colonialism after defeating the imperial ottoman power that had been there for centuries ?
