  which if not before the ref we then should do after the ref . 
  i think the inquiry concluded that dutchbat failed and that the mission was ill-considered and nigh impossible . 
  they were under nato command though so i guess erdogan massacred 8k kosovars or something ? 
  actually building their economy is how we 've ended up with this particular islamist enemy . 
  just ask the turk secularists . 
  but we wanted to pretend they were simply a muslim cdu/cda as if such a thing is possible xd islam & politics . . not even once folks !, 
  hopefully trump will put the muslim brotherhood on the terror list too . 
  he 'll have done something good for once . 
  poetic justice for the pvda . 
  to think i voted for them last time round !!, 
  i did feel slightly sorry for asscher though lmao, 
  erdogan is not yet the despot for life that we fear he may become . 
  now or never . 
  you want to have an islamist enemy as the gatekeeper for europe for the next couple of decades ? 
  the analysis that erdogan 's main goal is to influence our behavior and perceptions . 
  it 's not , his main goal is to influence the behavior and perceptions of his voters for the ref . 
  everything else is collateral . 
   t does n't work like that , he 'll use the stick to show his people that the west hates them , not him . 
  he 'll deflect the blame on to the west and they will believe that the economic hardship is coming from an external foe oh shit . . 
  i hope he wo n't start doing such a thing !!, 
  thanks for warning us i guess !, 
  ( we 're already nazis , now we should turn the screws on the boy who cried wolf ) . 
  the longer term goal is to get erdogan out of office . 
  i dismiss the ` wisdom ' of those who 's strategy is to be hostage to erdogan in perpetuity because of the refugees . 
  his entire legitimacy hinges on the economy . 
  so we should help him destroy it . 
  his provocations are the perfect cover . 
  if we ca n't dissuade him of this course then so be it . 
  the goal stays the same : destroy turkey 's economy . 
  why should nazi planes and goods be flying there anyway ??? 
  in the long term the turk 's patience with erdogan will run out when they 're jobless and destitute . 
  nearly half the population detest him and blame europe for appeasing and enabling him for all these years . 
  look i completely disagree with you on the muslim diaspora anyway . 
  i notice that poland does n't have any issues with muslims ... 
  but it 's besides the point . 
  erdogan is not playing for our audience . 
  he 's playing for his own . 
  the central thesis in your analysis is entirely wrong and both left and right agree with that . 
  he 's playing domestic politics for the referendum . 
  the point is that they notice it . 
  look , turks live in an alternate reality . 
  erdogan completely controls the media . 
  right now he 's in campaign mode and he 's painting us as the worst crusading mega-nazis one can imagine just to win the referendum . 
  what is he going to do if we ban all flights for security reasons ? 
  call us even worse names ? 
  turbo-nazis ??? 
  that 's the issue of crying wolf . 
  you have nowhere further to go . 
  we should take advantage of him doing so . 
  the economic damage will take time anyway it wo n't be felt before the referendum . 
  its purpose before the referendum is to send erdogan a message . 
  that he 's not in control , that the responses to his actions are no longer predictable and that he might want to consider the longer term after the referendum . 
  get him to think `` i might survive i no . . will i survive a turkey with a collapsed economy ? 
  an irreparably damaged economic relationship with the source of your bread ? '' . 
  in terms of turkish public opinion we 're already going to be taking the damage anyway . 
  let 's cash in . 
   part of my family came in a wave of cuban refugees that consisted of 44,000 people on rafts . 
  that was enough to completely overwhelm the us coast guard in the florida straits ( which is an actual naval force ) . 
  that would be about 1/23rd as many refugees as the eu got last years from what i can tell , neither italy , nor france , nor greece has any choice in this matter . 
  because none of those countries actually has a navy . 
  the result of 60 years of free-riding . 
  we do n't need a navy or borders to stop them ( coincidentally france 's navy might just be the 2/3rd or 4th strongest globally ) . 
  we simply have to refuse them free housing , food and the rest . 
  the issue is internal politics and our own farcical ` conscience ' . 
  nothing else . 
   the going theory was that it would only be a matter of time before we all started voting for communis and did you start voting communism ? 
  like these people just voted for islamist stooges en masse yesterday ? 
  then spare me the bs comparisons . 
  we 're not in the context of running an experiment for the first time , we 're in the context of running an experiment for the 2nd time that has failed spectacularly the past 50 years . 
  i 'm the son of a ( latino ) refugee too so it 's not like i 'm talking out of nativist or provincial instincts . 
  the issues we 're dealing with are totally alien to the us . 
  you guys attract the liberal , monied and educated-elite of the islamic world . 
  completely detached/unrepresentative of the muslim world at large . 
  hence the vote yesterday and why our muslims are more inclined to join jihaists in syria than our armed forces . 
  well . . that describes us perfectly before this election . . good luck !!!, 
  did you read my post ? 
  we do n't have to call him a shithead . 
  we can quietly destroy his economy with a friendly smile and a genuine handshake in response to being called a shithead ( metaphorically ) . 
  yes his voters will think we are nazis who are trying to destroy turkey ... as opposed to * what * exactly ? 
  enlightened europeans who are turkey 's best friends like they think now ?? 
  we are nazis anyway , might as well achieve some of our geopolitical objectives in the meantime . 
  erdogan 's domestic enemies do not * want * us to appease him . 
  that is precisely what they criticize us for . 
   how ? 
  tell me how erdogan is in control ? 
  * sigh ... let 's present it as a simple model . 
  of sequentially available scenarios aa , bb , cc and dd erdogan prefers dd . 
  erdogan presses b , europe presses b. . erdogan presses c , europe presses c. . . erdogan presses d , europe presses d. . . erdogan is done with game . . his people are precisely outraged and nationalistic enough for the referendum without damaging his economy too much so he can repair it best he can later . 
  objective achieved with minimal possible damage . 
  edit : lol . . yeah i remember that the nazis won because they were n't appeased enough ... ... ... 
   i 'm only here to convince you of one thing . 
  that inaction has consequences . 
  during the 1990s , you guys sent peace-keepers to the balkans ( ok , so they could have been better prepared ) . 
  this time around , you 're too lazy to even do that !, 
  nobody in the west is going to be sending any peacekeepers to anywhere in the arab world . 
  your fiasco in iraq has made that politically impossible for generations to come . 
  i 'm not 100 % convinced that is the right lesson . 
  but both you and us have learned it anyway . 
  so that is where we stand . 
  most blame the americans for that , personally i blame the arab garbage sectarian culture of hatred and violence .
