  i certainly do n't want to call this garbage neighbor . 
  how can i be racist against pakistanis but not hindus of the exact same race ? 
  it makes zero sense . 
  even if racial and religious correlation was 100 % , if i were to discriminate on the basis of religion it would not be racism . 
  anyway that is according to my definition of racism which is the quaint ` discriminating on the basis of race ' which i understand is incredibly passe in leftist circles . 
  let 's just agree to disagree then . 
  my definition is widely shared and you have your fringe definition that only ends in endless discussion about semantics . 
  maybe there is some value in yours that i ca n't appreciate beyond endless semantic arguments . 
  as mine was first i really think that decorum requires that you capture the meaning of yours in a novel concept ( ` racist + ' maybe ? ), 
  but i ca n't force you . 
  do what you like . 
  these people are walking around freely in europe . 
  they ought to be kicked out . 
  it absolutely is about citizenship too . 
  the executive should have the power to kick these shits out of europe without the legal system getting involved . 
  they are non-citizens . 
   both pakistan and india are home to many races , some of which coincide , some of which do n't there are hindus ( and other groups ) and muslims across racial lines there . 
  that was the point . 
  there is little racial correlation . 
  anyway we are weeding so deeply into specifics and semantics that the silliness of your thesis ( i discriminate on the basis of race , which is what racism is ) falls apart in absurdity . 
  i do n't care either way . 
  call me racist all you want . 
  that word has no power anymore due to rampant abuse . 
   you began by listing races . 
  and cultures . 
  what ` race ' is pakistani that indian is n't ? 
  so i 'm racist against 1/5th of a particular ` race ' ? 
  maybe you ought to be more charitable and call me a 1/5th racist . 
  or maybe you should just be a bit more careful with your terminology . 
  call me an ` islamophobe ' instead . 
  another meaningless term in our modern world but at least its accurate . 
  what race is islam again ... 
  i guess that 's right wing propaganda too . 
   i call you racist because you do things like call all muslims `` barbarians . '', 
  i did n't . 
  i said that i did n't want to import millions of barbarians . 
  if you import millions of arab muslims you are going to be importing millions of barbarians . 
  that does n't mean they are all barbarians . 
  but about half of them looking at pew . 
  i guess it depends whether you consider someone who believes women should obey their husband a barbarian . 
  do you ? 
  because if that 's the case we can pretty much generalize to all of them instead of half . 
  my standards are a lot stricter , meting out death . 
  i guess i 'm tolerant like that . 
   i do n't need to rewrite anything , that 's literally what the visa process does . 
  that must be why our shores are being flooded by millions of scientists/s do n't patronize me please . 
   you know all caps tirades about where cartoons have been published does n't really make you seem like a deep thinker right ? 
  and parroting ` racism ' like a swede does ? 
   not sure why that 's a big deal . 
  it 's a big deal because our media decided to sellout freedom of speech and freedom of the press for savage islamism and its blasphemy laws . 
  that 's a big deal to me . 
  maybe not to you . 
  whether they did it out of cowardice or callousness makes a difference but does n't change islam 's role in it . 
  but you know it 's still a free society , we can disagree . 
  importing millions of barbarians is a big deal to you . 
  not me . 
  i do n't want them . 
   my point was that these countries are different , not that they are liberal democracies . 
  you really think there 's no difference between an iranian computer scientist , a saudi arabian prince , and an indonesian farmer ? 
  well if you can write the immigration policy in such a way that only the iranian scientist are allowed i guess we can talk . 
  but you ca n't / wo n't . 
  and besides . 
  what 's the point of draining iran of its minority of civilized people ? 
   the beginning of your post is just right wing propaganda with some personal racism mixed in . 
  no it is n't . 
  every word is true . 
  show me all the charlie hebdo cartoons on the bbc and sky news . 
  just show me !, 
  was it not news-worthy ? 
  why did n't they publish it ? 
  you know damn well !, 
  do n't tell me it 's propaganda . 
  and yes i 'd love to bulldoze this neighborhood : https://clarionproject.org/residents-throw-bottles-police-during-terror-arrest-4/ i make no apologies . 
   treating saudi arabia , iran , and indonesia indonesia just jailed their best governor ever ( fought corruption ) for blasphemy . 
  because he was a christian . 
  this happened after millions protested to have him jailed because he dared to quote the koran to urge for tolerance on the part of muslims . 
  they have shariah in indonesia . 
  fuck indonesia . 
  and this is supposed to be a good example . 
  i 'll tell you what is naive and dumb , pretending these countries have anything to offer . 
  that 's what 's dumb . 
   one would think you 'd err on the side of caution . 
  i am . 
  no iran , no saudi arabia and no indonesia . 
   western europe will just magically turn into another country even if the immigrants had a strict majority ( which we 're over an order of magnitude away from ) . 
  what is lebanon ? 
  heck what is rinkeby or molenbeek . 
  fuck that shit . 
  if it were up to me i 'd take a bulldozer to those places . 
  not construct new ones . 
  as i said , we have 5 % muslims now and jews ca n't freely live their religion in peace because of it . 
  we have de-facto blasphemy laws because the way the muslim mafia operates . 
  newspapers did n't print the charlie hebdo cartoons . 
  not to mention these sexist trash-bags roaming our streets and harassment of women and homosexuals . 
  we 're already a lot more like syria then i 'd like . 
  and that is with 5 % . 
  no more . 
   yes my tool is evaluating individuals rather than religions . 
  well maybe we should put you at the front-end of the immigration queue and have you subjectively judge each applicant . 
  will be a long queue though .
