  you wife-beating crypto-theocrat you . 
   syrian refugees commit far lower crime per capita than native germans . 
  show me the receipts . 
  it 's not 1st generation refugees or immigrants that have been the problem . 
  it 's their criminal spawn that terrorize our cities in the netherlands . 
   shows that you do n't understand economics and it 's actually their working contributions that have led to this boom . 
  germany 's work force was stagnating as retirees left the work pool and needed replacing . 
  complete and utter bullshit . 
  show me the receipts . 
  i have a degree in economics and you clearly have a degree in reading the dailykos and other blogs . 
  show me the employment statistics of the refugees . 
  you are full of it . 
  you are a fucking idiot . 
  i do n't care whether that particular point you brought up is true because my issues with the refugees are not economic in nature . 
  this whole discussion and popular revolt against you & merkel 's folly has little to do with economics and is all about culture and to a lesser extent crime . 
  economics plays almost no part . 
  but if for some reason you 'd wish to pursue this irrelevant point of yours it quickly deflates as well . 
  how nice for the economy that we get a temporary boost because we add a million extra non-producing consumers to our ranks . 
  more housing shortage , more healthcare and more food . 
  how great for the economy , a demand-induced boost !, 
  the long term effects are pretty clear . 
  looking at past performance turks and especially arabs are not a net-gain to european economies . 
  certainly not when social costs & crime are included in the picture . 
  again for me this is not super relevant but you brought up this idiotic point unprompted so here we are . 
  * edit : i notice that you 've decided to abandon the argument on the other two major political issues i have brought against merkel ( her dismal economic record and her dismal record when it comes to holding the eu together ) and now go off on this useless tangent because i dared question the leftists dogma on the wonders of islam . 
  * * the other two points were leftist & apolitical but this one dares to blaspheme against the church of leftism so you ca n't resist . 
  so long as the left continues to uphold cultural/ethical relativism as its highest virtue you will continue to lose & lose ground as you have since the turn of the century . 
  you can not defend the indefensible but you 've made it your highest virtue . 
  disaster is all that awaits . 
   ah , so you 're blaming merkel for things she only had 1/28th a part in ? 
  do you buy this ? 
  her side carried the day . 
  it was n't syriza , it was n't podemos and it was n't ukip . 
  it was n't southern europe . 
  it was her and her allies and she took the lead . 
  the economic record of the eu is on their/your shoulders . 
  so have the courage to own it then if you want to defend it . 
   it says more that you 're upset by her refugee policy that has actually led to german growth increasing ... but you know that goes against your narrative does n't it ? 
  i do n't care if that were true . 
  it is not relevant to my views on the refugees in the slightest . 
  but if this is the messaging you want to sell to europe that is your prerogative . 
  i wish you the best of luck because you 're gon na need it ( nobody is buying ) . 
   let me guess ... a fan of geert are you ? 
  sure i am . 
  faults he may have , and i did n't vote for him , at least he stands for something rather than the purely reactive , crisis-driven ostrich-politics of merkel and ilk . 
  the funny thing is that he 's the reactionary and merkel the ` responsible leader ' . 
  merkel who sold the continent on austerity against the economic consensus of the academics ( but nicely in line with neoliberal , purely political dogmas ) . . 
  yet the other side are the populists . 
  it would be funny if were n't so destructive . 
  in the end this wo n't continue forever . 
  merkel does not just carry the fate of germany on her record since the crisis . 
  but the fate of the entire eu ( her camp and especially her word carried the day after all ) . 
  so you 're quite wrong , there is no lack of austerity and powerhouse economy . 
  there is in fact massive austerity , a recovery weaker than the great depression ( so it 's not that we did n't learn , we in fact anti-learned from that experience ) and brexit . 
  not to mention her folly with the refugee crisis ( connected to that last one i mentioned ) . 
  i think she 's in the top 3 worst western leaders since the war , and the worst on this continent . 
  yep , i think cameron will be remembered as one of the worst leaders in modern britain . 
  but he 's a lot better than merkel . 
  half the political spectrum hates to talk about it , not because it is n't true but because it is . 
  and they have to keep pretending there is n't an issue just to maintain their larger dogmas . 
   the embarassing blind spot of the western world . 
  the freckled , ginger , step-child if you will, 
  i love how you keep answering these rhetorical questions . 
  could be a monty python skit !, 
  what will the 2nd place winner get ? 
  i was thinking of expenses because the previous comments were about spending . 
  but nicole probably meant manpower , then 3rd makes sense . 
  they need it against other dictators . 
  iran mostly . 
  3rd largest ? 
  is that even true ? 
  i would have assumed we would be 2nd largest by a massive margin . 
  being the largest economy and all . 
  3rd is pretty pathetic . 
  well sure , but i was painting in broad historic brushstrokes . 
  acknowledging that it all started in italy . 
  i just noticed google has cool graphs on these sort of things nowadays , does n't go as far as i would like but tons to play with : https://www.google.nl/publicdata/explore?ds=d5bncppjof8f9_&amp;met_y=sp_pop_grow&amp;idim=country:bel:nld:aut&amp;hl=nl&amp;dl=nl#!ctype=l&amp;strail=false&amp;bcs=d&amp;nselm=h&amp;met_y=sp_pop_totl&amp;scale_y=lin&amp;ind_y=false&amp;rdim=region&amp;idim=country:bel:nld:aut&amp;ifdim=region&amp;hl=nl&amp;dl=nl&amp;ind=false, 
  so we were bigger when they split off ? 
  i 'm guessing no , we just had the empire at the time . 
  the economic heart had shifted to holland long before the population did apparently . 
  the south & belgium are catholic . 
  the two sides of my fam are catholic ( though only 1 dutch ) and i have 20 uncles and aunts . 
  so i always assumed that it was the catholics that bred like rabbits !, 
  in any case the reason why we had our golden century and became #better than belgium , is because the enlightenment kept fleeing north to get away from catholics . 
  so we should n't have been especially religious i think . 
  we had more colonies though and probably more culturally dutch people in our colonies than for example belgians in the congo . 
  so when our empire collapsed maybe we got more of a population boost ? 
  i had no clue that belgium was bigger than us at the time ? 
  in fact , belgium changed little while we are 3x what 's on the map . 
  i know ww1 was fought there but something else must explain that ? 
  did we really grow that much ? 
  i notice we 've increased a lot more than other european countries as well . 
  what 's going on ? 
  of course it is . 
  this is the most pro eu sub there is for obvious reasons . 
  why would n't it be biased against le pen ? 
  she 's likely to get 40 % of the french vote . 
  i think on this sub 10 % would be a good guesstimate, 
  of course it is . 
  this is the most pro eu sub there is for obvious reasons .
