  but it 's really irrelevant who is to blame . 
  it 's the political reality . 
  and we do n't have to accept these refugees . 
  that 's what i meant by you throwing the rules at us ( `` who came up with these refugee rules ? 
  you ! '' ) . 
  international law does n't exist . 
  i refuse to make a hostile citizenry my fellow democrats . 
  they can stay so long as they or their children never get to vote here ( ca n't be citizens ) . 
  did you read what i said ? 
  we are ` making our moves known ' since we always copy the response or less . 
  we 're leaving erdogan in complete control . 
  our responses are predictable so everything is according to his plan ( whether desperate or not ) . 
  why should we help him ??? 
   it 's all fun and games until he starts assisting a couple of million refugees to cross into europe . 
  best to play safe so we are going to chose to forever be hostage to erdogan ? 
  what a fantastic long-term strategy . 
  why do n't we bite the bullet and accept that we ca n't dress ourselves up as angels just so long as we have the refugees imprisoned in decrepit camps on the other side of the aeagean . 
  greece is shut off from the rest of the eu for these ` refugees ' . 
  the message that they are unwelcome has been heard loud and clear across the world . 
  the message was very different in 2015 . 
  those that still choose to come we should put in the same decrepit camps in greece as they left in turkey . 
  and deport as many as possible . 
  do all these and the arrivals wo n't be any different . 
  we only have to sacrifice our hypocrisy . 
  lol what are you talking about . 
  this latest mideast mess would n't even be there without your meddling predicated on lies and incompetence . 
  so how would our meddling create harmony and stability ? 
  i 'm not one of those who thinks of americans as complete idiots . 
  i 'm not foolish enough to believe we would do better in such military adventures . 
  heck , i do n't even blame you guys for being hopelessly naive and foolishly assuming you were dealing with civilized people . 
  none of us are innocent of such naivete . 
  but since you 're blaming us i guess it 's worth to point out ... . and do n't throw the rules at me , incompetents like merkel ignored the dublin rules when she wanted . 
  anyway yankee this does n't concern you . 
  none of your bs will guilt me into accepting a hostile population who thinks of us as nazis . 
  even if your bs was valid . 
  by responding to a provocation with an escalation instead of matching or less ? 
  you call us nazis and ban our ambassador ? 
  ban all flights to turkey for ` security reasons ' . 
  or it does n't even have to be an escalation . 
  something like a strong negative travel advice on eu level for all citizens could maybe do a lot of the intended damage while nominally being a very meek response . 
  erdogan wo n't be able to spin that as fascism anymore than he can spin everything else ( consumption of bacon ?? ), 
  into fascism . 
  we 're nazis anyway . 
  as in 50-60 % of them . 
  we 'll have to wait until there are exit polls on that specific question . 
  and you have to understand those figures in our parliamentary context . 
  50-60 % for a party here is like the republicans gaining 90 % of the votes . 
  the biggest party for the population as a whole only got 20 % . 
  and : a betrayal of europe . 
  i 'm sure that voting for an open ally of a foreign government threatening holy war and accusing you of genocide against muslims and nazism would just be ` agree to disagree ' in your book . 
  but there 's no doubt that these are traitors . 
  such as : you 'll notice how we 're always reacting to provocations by erdogan and putin . 
  at most we match their actions in response to some extent . 
  leaves them in complete control . 
  https://www.chathamhouse.org/expert/comment/what-do-europeans-think-about-muslim-immigration with our recent election we just had our muslim diaspora ( who 've been here 50 years ) vote en masse for the party that stands with erdogan who has accused the dutch people and character of being nazis and of genocide against muslims in bosnia . 
  ( they got 200k votes , we have about 600k voting age muslims who normally vote a lot less than natives . . biggest native party only got 20 % of the total vote ) . 
  the leader of this party ( denk ) is the only party who has refused to condemn erdogan or these statements : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jaesmw6jrzy with the turkey row they are the only party who have not condemned erdogan . 
  but they have condemned our pm and foreign minister instead . 
  you do the math . 
  immigrant party constantly stoking friction and accusation of racism at others . 
  berating other muslim-background parliament members for voting differently ( implying they are uncle-toms ) . 
  supposedly stand for ` harmony and mutual understanding , more love for each-other ' . 
  the only people they have condemned over the turkey incident ( where erdolf has called us nazis and accused us of genociding muslims ) is our prime minister and foreign minister . 
  clearly they are traitors and a fifth column . 
  they got 3 seats . 
  which means that 200k people voted for these traitors . 
  i guess we 'll soon find out what the demographics of these votes are . 
  we probably have around 600k voting age muslims in the country who normally do n't vote as much . 
  if the plan is to keep the syrian refugees if assad stays in power then i hope there will be a massive uprise in europe . 
  that would be a massive betrayal . 
  #  appeasement never works . 
  agreed 100 % . 
  how european ` diplomacy ' works is that we leave our enemies in complete control . 
  we are completely predictable so putin or erdogan are free to escalate exactly to how far they want . 
  and can perfectly fine-tune the situation to maximize their own ( domestic or international ) political goals . 
  and the pathetic thing is that people applaud this as ` smart cool headed diplomacy ' on our part . 
  nothing of the sort !, 
  we could leave a robot in charge of our international relations . 
  purely reactive !, 
  why do n't we escalate for once ? 
  erdogan would like to keep the sanctions limited to diplomatic measures that do n't affect the population and grave insults . 
  why do n't we pull a number on him and start limiting travel to turkey europe-wide ? 
  maybe just short of ban or we could do that too ? 
  their economy is completely dependent on us . 
  right now they are building the largest airport in the world which is completely dependent on connecting flights from europe and stealing our hub traffic ( eg . 
  asia flies through istanbul rather than frankfurt ) . 
  why do n't we hurt him there ? 
  his followers will hate us either way . 
  we 're nazis . 
  but when their wallets start hurting more they 'll start forgetting why they liked erdolf . 
  and for us it would n't even be bad . 
  150 million passengers less there is 100 million extra hub traffic in euro airports and ten million extra tourist to southern eruope . 
  #call his bluff !!, 
  what should we call them ? 
  what 's the point of integration ? 
  are n't they refugees ? 
  should n't they be going back in a few years ? 
  interviewer cited the statements made by erdogan who has slandered the netherlands for nazis , fascists and accused netherlands of slaughtering 8k bosniaks . 
  everyone else in parliament has already condemned these statements and supported our govt , except this party . 
  kuzu ( denk , ` immigrant ' , ` tolerant ' party ) has been hiding from the media and canceled a tv-debate with 2hrs notice ever since these events .
