we actually do n't need terrorism anymore . 
  we 're capable of being assholes to each other prefectly fine without them . 
  wow , that 's like , so profound ... 
  has that been established ? 
  and if so , which politicians let him or his parents in ? 
  you know pretty well what point globalgobble was making . 
  none of this crap in japan either ( bigots ) . 
  a very uncomfortable truth for you but why dance around the subject anyway , it 's so tiresome . 
  what would be common sense ? 
  stopping further muslim immigration ? 
  that = muslim ban = nazi = you are worse than hitler . 
  and that would still leave you with the problem you already have . 
  must be because of muslims why we have such low murder rates and high living standards ... 
  russia has plenty of muslims . 
  it remains to be seen how much responsibility your govt holds for this . 
  it may be all , it may be none and it may be partly the responsibility of a prior administration . 
   it does n't make any sense , why should someone attack a neutral country that does n't bomb the other countries and welcome a lot of refugees ? 
  jesus christ this makes me want to slap some damn sense into you !, 
  and i 'm sure that leftist are hoping it 's an ethnic sweden democrats voting swede ... what 's your point ? 
  the only takeway is that only one of the two camps seems to live on planet earth when it comes to resolving their worldview with the reality when it comes to this particular issue . 
  while the other camp is desperately crying ` please do n't be a muslim this time ! ', 
  at every tragedy . 
  oh that is no problem . 
  as long as there is a border where you have to show some id and they can stop illegals that we do n't want . 
  i was always opposed merkel 's policies ( but i was for greece leaving the euro back in 2011 for your own sake ) so you have no beef with me , 
  it 's obvious that dual-citizenship is a problem that has to be addressed our usual chattering classes chuckled when the cda proposed getting rid of it as ` silly appeals to populism ' . 
  as they always do when they are wrong , before they are dragged into agreeing with silly populism after reality beats them over the head enough times . 
  hopefully they the cda will make it an issue but they are pure opportunist so i have very little faith . 
  i did n't take that campaign stance seriously either , just a chip for the bargaining table . 
  good but i do n't understand why the eu is so slow to act . 
  everybody wanted this 1.5 years ago ? 
  i 'd rather not that greece be directly connected to the rest of schengen overland at this particular point in time so please , god no !, 
  in all seriousness this deserves a response . 
  why are n't we standing up for our citizens ? 
  economic sanctions are in order at this point . 
  i 'm fine with waiting until after the referendum but i know our cowardly politicians wo n't do anything if there 's no pressure so nothing will happen . 
  us cities/downtowns smell of bbq sauce . 
  after a while it stings your nose a bit . 
  had no issues with the food though . 
  burgers and mexican were nice . 
  how do you know our food is tastier if you have n't been ? 
  i was just joking but did n't find quite the right beat . 
  i should have said our rain is drier , our wind is softer and animals friendlier or something . 
  who the hell cares about soda ? 
  one cup is more than i want . 
  the beer is waaaaaay cheaper here and it 's a lot more difficult to drink bad beer here as well . 
  i also do n't have to tip a dollar on every damn cup , insanity . 
  give me call when they do free refills on that and i 'll care ( boy that would be an ugly scene ) . 
   obviously other places have these , america is no exception , but europe seems to have more i do n't think that europe has more of the ` were no1 ! ', 
  complex than america at all . 
  it might seem that way if you hang in particularly uber-liberal masochistic circles in the us . 
  european left definitely has it more than the us left maybe . 
  but european right has is muuuch less than the us right . 
  and i think the center much less as well . 
  and besides , the boobs are a bit perkier here the food tastier and the colors are more vibrant . 
  you ca n't deny that . 
  ca n't we do a hostage trade ? 
  switch some nsb-turks for those decent ones ? 
  ah completely misread it . 
  i thought you meant a new center of gravity within the eu and were all polan & romania stronk !, 
  which i found puzzling but i did n't want to seem too arrogant and maybe there was something there who knows :p, 
  what ? 
  can you expand on all that ? 
  because not only do i understand little of it but the little i do think i understand seems very dubious . 
  so i 'm curious . 
   turkey is hardly the most secular muslim country regardless . 
  that would be azerbaijan or perhaps albania . 
  albania and azerbajan are n't paragons of anything except for sounding like made-up countries to most people . 
  they represent 1 % of the world 's muslims . 
  why are we talking about them ? 
  they ( and turkey ) do n't represent the world 's muslims . 
   shit on arabs , fine . 
  not that it 's correct , but atleast its a tiny bit better . 
  oh i know there are degrees of shiftiness . 
  i never denied this . 
  but the thing is that globally islamism is both stronger and more relevant than liberal islam ( whatever that may be or become ) . 
  this is both because the liberals have neither the tools nor the will to effectively fight it . 
  globally ` liberal ' muslims are more concerned with the reputation of islam rather than dealing with its issues . 
  and theologically they do n't have the tools because islam leaves no room for ` render unto ceaser ' or theological innovations . 
  ( and in any case why should we make this our problem while we wait for a reformation that may never come ? ), 
   edit : most of all , we secular turks have been dealing with reality bending right wingers for 15 years . 
  i get worried when the cancer is clearly spreading to the netherlands as well . 
  i concur , and the cancer is spreading in europe by millions the last few years . 
  why should we deal with this cancer that you seem to dislike yourself so much ? 
  why should we take these backward uber-conservatives ? 
  there is n't going to be a selection process that separates the shit from the ok . that is both practically and politically impossible . 
  so my chips are on a total regional ban as it is more feasible . 
  you 've given me a bunch of individuals who can maybe justifiably be branded nazis but i do n't think that 's enough for wielding it as a blanket statement weapon against the party or its supporters in general ( depending on the details of the mp and maybe i 'm wrong ) . 
  we do n't do the same for ex-communist ( who have much to account for ) in other political parties . 
  it 's only when a party decides to make the proletariat revolution and obsolescence of democracy part of its program that i 'll throw those accusations at them and not before . 
  and that 's how it should be . 
   not even attempting to deal with the me is irresponsible imo and could end up biting us in the ass . 
  sure , we can just stop them at the gates and send them back to an unknown fate . 
  i do n't even disagree , i 'd support doing something . 
  but the political reality is that nothing real is possible . 
  i 'd rather just russia puts its savage despot back firmly in control and bring back stability . 
  that seems to best alternative that is realistically possible . 
  but i would support intervention but it 's not up to me . 
  what i do n't support is not hermetically closing our borders to the me in addition to whatever else we do . 
  was that below to belt as a counter to the bile you poured on me ?
