** where kebab ?!, 
  i 've been seeing a lot of this and ultimately , there is no `` this was worse than that '' - everyone done fucked up on this one . 
  fifa , the clubs , the stadium , the fans ... everyone . 
  this should have been done from the start . 
  i 'm still asking myself why this was held in belgrade of all places . 
  everyone came out dirtier from this . 
  this is my same response to internet securitization . 
  states are mostly run on a realist agenda ( i.e. 
  get power and keep it ) ; of course they 're going to do these things . 
  meh , we forget sometimes too . 
   russia has no free press . 
  do you mean that it is controlled with an iron fist or that it is influenced , like most state media ? 
   imo justified are you saying you 're not biased ? 
   russia invades sovereign country , cuts out part of its territory and the west should be silent about it and use words no stronger than ` we are disturbed ' ? 
  `` but he did it first '' is not a good argument as far as ethical and moral behavior is concerned . 
  you want to be better then be better . 
  conclusion : dude 's right , both sides have been using this issue to put forth their realistic agenda 's and that has a tendency to muddle the waters for individuals . 
  we 're not states , we 're people . 
  it most definitely would but one could still hope for reason . 
  ( been hoping for years ... ), 
  not necessarily true considering that `` germany '' existed as an amalgam of multiple states while austria was the center of an entire empire ( austro-hungarian ) . 
  in fact , it is with this in mind that one might call to the difference between todays bavarian region and the rest of germany for it too existed as a large state . 
  not as a national anthem rather a call to what might be considered the height of `` german '' ( cause it 's usually austrian ) culture . 
  this included wagner and an entire push towards the arts ( film poignantly ) . 
  their national anthem was [ * horst-wessel-lied * ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/horst-wessel-lied ) . 
  x-post from / r/askscience http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/2c4x07/epidemiologists_of_reddit_with_the_spread_of_the/ :  the hot zone is good , but perhaps a bit dramatic . 
  ebola is easy to spread when the conditions are right . 
  when hospitals dont match 1st world standards , when disease control measures are poor , when people are not aware of the situation , when burial and burial preparation is amateur . 
  in other words poor 3rd world countries . 
  in the first world its a tougher thing . 
  people can be educated quickly and easily . 
  our abilities to quarantine and care for the sick are excellent . 
  peoples hygiene awareness is better . 
  ebola has only spread past quarantine with people already sick . 
  i 'm not aware that anyone has subsequently got sick . 
  its primarily fluid transfer based . 
  this may be in aerosol format if somone coughs up blood , but its fairly limited . 
  so far , in 30 years , ebola has killed less people than malaria kills every two days . 
  aids has killed 30 million people worldwide , ebola 2000 in the same time . 
  this must tell you something . 
  it is a very nasty disease , but the way it works limits its effectiveness . 
  knowing the balkans , we could probably squeeze out a way . 
  edit : see below posts, 
  like i mentioned in another comment , i thought we were speaking specifically as to the case of the united states involvement in conflicts overseas . 
  topics as subjective as `` power '' / `` influence '' ultimately come down to arguments of syntax and differential placement of value ( `` this '' is more important than `` that '' ) . 
  and , to use a meme , we aint got time for that . 
  thanks for the convo though . 
  you have good insights . 
  i never stated that they didnt do these things . 
  however , the reality of living in this multi-leveled world has come to turn the norm ( which was unabashed law abuses and under the table dealings ) to another ( increased accountability through internet exposure and resistances from both domestic and international forces ) . 
  i used absolute generalizations to counter-act your own . 
  naturally we both know the complexities which are yielded on a case by case basis ( iran 1950s vs. kosovo 1990s vs. ukraine 2014 ) . 
  i simply wanted to convey that the tide has turned and that though `` their '' international system is one we have to use , tactics and mechanisms implemented are no longer viable in deference to cooperation and human pressure . 
  topics such as data protection , corporate governance , energy sustainability , and multi-leveled governance have drastically changed the spectrum of political dialogue . 
  tl ; dr i know their system is one we have to use but it 's been changing for a while and they ca n't compete with old tactics . 
  i thought we were talking about conflict areas that the u.s. was involved in . 
  if we want to talk about those nebulous terms of `` power '' and `` influence '' ... well ... fuck dude we aint got time for that . 
  the same could be said for the u.s. 
  the washington consensus might have allowed neo-liberals to dominate the world markets but the tide is coming in . 
  many political maneuvers need to be made with the conscious fact that the u.s. economy and political elite are most certainly not the rulers of the world . 
  these forces are n't buttons a country can push and then * poof * `` i own you '' . 
  multiple examples exist of this . 
  chimerica being the largest example - two superpowers inexorably tied by the immutable bylaws of business . 
  there are 380 something sovereign states and i 'm certain that a good portion of those bases are n't involved in continuous conflict . 
  that 's true . 
  however , it would be prudent to remind ourselves that a ) the usa is n't some imperialistic state which wants to dominate the world and b ) a good portion of the time , they do have casus belli ( either asked to come in by one faction and/or it stays within a cooperative mission . 
  then again , the internet is the worst place to speak in broad generalizations . 
  it 's because of the terrible consequences of ( 1 ) lack of awareness/education ( 2 ) lack of social mobility and ( 3 ) not having far too much control over the affairs of one 's country . 
  faith has always garnered masses based upon a need for a higher being dictating punishment/reward . 
  especially when real mechanisms for doing that fail the average citizen . 
  edit : and let 's not forget the implications on an international stage ( i.e. 
  politically aligning with the ruskies ) . 
  i love how they used the serbian dinar , completely out of left field ... hahahaha !, 
  i can only beg this violence does n't spill over to other states and turn into something greater . 
  there are similarities in how foreign bodies acted in response to those region specific problems . 
  it should not be discounted as a somewhat shaky arguement . 
  i personally , fucking hate that putin mentioned us . 
  here i thought we can finally move on from the f ` in 1300 's . 
  except from a logistical standpoint . 
  i have no opinion on this entire affair and honestly wish putin left us out of it but even i understand that the region is packed with [ military grade materials ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/natural_resources_of_kosovo#mineral_resources ) . 
  even though there is the usual vice `` spin '' , it was really informative to see a video from the `` inside '' , so to speak . 
  it definitely invoked thoughts concerning the importance of ethnicity in that region , and how that might illicit various responses ... and consequences . 
  do n't mess with iceland , they 'll improve your energy infrastructure !, 
  i beg to disagree . 
  a friend of mine here in brussels is scottish and says that there would be great impetus for people to leave if the uk would let them stay with the pound , that , however , will never happen . 
  if that 's the context most used on this sub then i can understand the connection but , that does n't mean that the divide should be emphasized ... at least in my educated opinion . 
  wow dude ... first , muslims be french too , everyone 's problem . 
  second , it 's never just one side being assholes , `` youth '' in any country entails brash and irresponsible kids willing to quickly jump to assumptions and act on them , usually in a harmful way . 
  third , why the hell are you generalizing all muslims as creating problems . 
  in the end , yes , it might be a problem specific to that demographic however beating around the bush yields more eggs , nah mean ? 
  thank you for expanding so succinctly , especially in deference to the case i had on mind ( really thank you , i never wanted to use it because i was n't sure of the differences ) . 
  is there a general consensus on which direction the eu wants to take this ? 
  messy business and very difficult between . 
  thanks for the answers , especially effective ones . 
  so there would have to be a widespread change within the legislation of member states to even allow such a motion to be passed , correct ? 
  i 'm not that good on commenting on political conversations but i think this is a major flaw in the european union , one which i 'm still not learned enough to speak with conviction . 
  however , why is n't the eu 's monetary union coupled with a fiscal union ? 
  why do n't member states partition a portion of their taxes to a central `` european government '' ? 
  one thing i do know from the u.s. , the articles of confederation ( the first unification document ) failed to reconcile all the states . 
  it was only through alexander hamilton 's inclusion of a federal tax that allowed the united states to emerge and eventually prosper as an economy .
