  usually , when you see a question on the front page , you can almost always find opposite on the `` new '' section . 
  exemple :, 
  front : worst response to `` i love you '' ? 
  new : best response to `` i hate you '' ? 
  it 's not a repetition of the same question every week , but it 's another thing you can be sure that will pop everyday . 
  i realize that i forgot the deodorant . 
  again . 
  you 're adopted . 
  let me try again . 
  your biological father was a reptilian . 
  that 's what the illuminati wants you to think . 
  this , pretty much exactly . 
  `` ho , fuck , no more deo , let 's go get some . '', 
  * go to the grocery store , come back . 
  `` well , i 've got soda , chips , chicken , pizza . 
  perfect , i have everything i nee ... fuck . '', 
  multiple people . 
  schumacher was one of them . 
  i think the world should n't end . 
  how ? 
  edit : question was supposed to be big . 
  ** how ? 
   inspired by the recent other post about the best response to `` i hate you '', 
  ftfy, 
  well , he drove one car . 
  technically , he was the stig for just one time . 
  gandalf . 
  and i will stop him from being a lame ass magician and actually wipe out those fucking orcs with badass magic while playing grindcore on background . 
  and sunglasses . 
  always sunglasses . 
  talking my governement into replacing the actual president by me . 
  the `` most stupid question ever , september 2014 edition '' has now a new challenger !, 
  it 's awesome . 
  and way less dangerous than alchohol or cigarette . 
  the only problem is to stop people from using it to much , that can be bad . 
  and add a lot of stoners at works . 
  not really the best thing ever . 
  but a drug that can be used both on a medical and recreational way with very little downside can only be awesome . 
  i would spend my day touching myself and trying to understand what works and what does n't . 
  the everything . 
  sure . 
  i want to answer `` eboplula '' , but that 's just a french pun that nobody will understand . 
  edit : explanation . 
  `` l\u00e0 '' means `` here '' in french . 
  `` plus '' can mean `` not anymore '' . 
  so literally , `` ebola '' = `` ebo-here '' , and `` eboplula '' = `` ebo not here anymore '' . 
  about 25 + years ago , my father took the car and made the ~ 7 miles that separated him from my mom 's house . 
  when he arrived , my mom bursted in laugher . 
  my dad got out , confused , and looked at the car , just to discover my dad 's cat , with a traumatized look on the roof . 
  my dad just drove all the way without realizing his cat was just here ( he told me he was confused by the other cars making light flashs ) . 
  the cat hated the car ever since . 
  and now op ? 
  getting up for work . 
  an underwater mountain . 
  i 'm doing fine and i smoked a fuckload of weed . 
  i still do , on a way less regular basis . 
  do n't tell yourself drug is the problem . 
  you are the problem . 
  my first time on the internet was with that 56k shitty connection , on the aol kid thingy . 
  it was a single page where i could access only lame ass news , shitty mini-games , and some kind of irc chan for kids my age ( with actual moderator , paid adults to keep us in line ) . 
  god i loved that shit . 
  yes , i know . 
  do n't think you are unique . 
  and most of all , do n't think we have to feel bad for you . 
  your decisions , your problems . 
  we all have to deal with a ton of shit . 
  blaming the drug when the problem is ( was , as i understand ) your psychological weakness is not the way to go . 
  as long as you smell it , i 'm ok with that . 
  i do n't know why i clicked on this thread . 
  i 'm going now . 
  and i 'm not coming back . 
  even if i have no problem with gay couple , and i 'm totally for gay mariage , i think adoption is a bad idea for them and should n't be endorsed . 
  especially single fathers ( and mothers , of course ) . 
  raising a child is incredibly hard , and doing it alone is exhausting and will most likely fuck up the way you live . 
  it 's not that i think people ca n't raise kids . 
  it 's just that kids need both parental figure . 
  not that he will end badly or anything , everything will most likely be fine . 
  just that a kid should have the right of a mother and a father , biological or not . 
  i could pay back half of my school debt . 
  yay . 
  sure . 
  i 'll edit my post to add the explanation . 
   traditional family, 
  it 's not about the tradition . 
  i 'm far to be someone attached to any kind of value . 
  i just know that human is an animal . 
  we were `` engineered '' a certain way . 
  it 's not because we can walk away from this that we should . 
  i 'm more worried by the long-term influence than anything else , so i 'm not against and i hold absolutely no grudge on these people . 
  some have to live like that , i respect it and encourage these peope . 
  i just do n't endorse it on a massive scale . 
  antidisestablishmentarianism . 
  saturday , sunday , sleepday . 
  november , december , hangover . 
  playing video-games . 
  i do n't know for you , but when i 'm playing , i 'm so focus i forgot that i 'm sick . 
  i actually `` feel good '' by not really feeling . 
  the second i leave the computer , i 'm dying again . 
  hahahahahahahahahaha, 
  very bad grade on climbing .
