  i do n't know . 
  using wt just to get him was fun . 
  sorry , but i would actually prefer to trade the shiny for a 6iv timid froakie . 
  same here , totally new to competitive battle , but my ass is finally ready to get raped !, 
  pm me , i 'm bored , i can do that for you . 
  for free , of course . 
  well , he 's playing dk , it 's not like he needs his screen anyway . 
  weird to see ash that small just next to lucario after seeing the movie . 
  at least , take the time to read this . 
  * ... look at the demonstration video ... *, 
  i play simply with my mouse and keyboard , no voice control , and i have no problem at all . 
  do n't worry , you can perfectly enjoy the game and perfect your piloting without any accessories . 
  it 's mostly a matter of immersion . 
  your keyboard have enough keys to do everything . 
   and since this is basically euro truck simulator ... in spaaaaace !, 
  with lasers . 
  do n't forget the lasers . 
  happened to me some hours ago . 
  exact same situation . 
  and about 30 minutes ago , i was at a nav beacon , and after some time , every single ship who arrived where red for no reason . 
  they did n't attacked me , they were clean , same for me . 
  just ... everyone red . 
  weird . 
  since i did n't used a k-warrant scanner , the people i killed where wanted to the local faction of the system i was in , no ? 
  how come they reward me when i kill these wanted guys , then look at me like `` but he was our friend '' . 
  that does n't make sense . 
  when people try to engage the hyperdrive to run away , i go all * destruction derby * on them . 
  this is retarded , but hey , it works !, 
  fact is even when firing carefully , sooner or later there is always an asshole of security guard or someone else who just pass in front of you at full speed like `` huehuehuehuehuehue '' . 
  it 's not about us breaking the law by firing at them . 
  it 's about them starting to recruit people who actually know how to pilot a ship in the security services . 
  hell , i even had one of those retard hit me with his ship at full speed from my right , and i was going pretty fast at this moment . 
  okay . 
  i just though there were n't any difference between faction and local faction regarding the wanted pilot . 
  thanks !, 
  the game just came out , and still have some issues . 
  not everything is rewarding ( by that i mean that if you like exploring you wo n't be rewarded as much as if you trade , for example ) , some frustrating things can happen when you 're going bounty hunting , minor bugs , etc. 
  since we already had two patches since the release ( who happened 2 days ago ) , i guess we do n't have to worry about that part . 
  now , about the game : i love it . 
  i 've bought the beta something like two month before the beta 2 i guess , and i still think this is one absolutely awesome space sim . 
  the only question you have to ask yourself is : do you need someone to hold your hand to have fun while playing ? 
  a lot of people like when objectives are clear and they know where they are going . 
  e :d is not that kind of game . 
  you are free , and each day you can decide to see and try something different . 
  you just fly around , make money , kill people , be a bad guy , help a faction you like , try to influence the fate of a system , explore shit very far away , go mining and be some kind of space peasant , whatever you like . 
  the game give you a ship , and possibilities . 
  if you do nothing and then complain about how there is `` nothing to do in this game '' , then you are doing it wrong . 
  anyway , for me : if you want a space simulation to play , i 'll just say `` buy it '' . 
  you wo n't regret it a single instant . 
  if you are just looking for a random game to spend some time ... buy it . 
  because fuck it , that game is awesome . 
  and sorry about my english . 
  he 's a nuclear engineer , of course he can pilot a space ship !, 
  well , there is no real money store in the game ( except for some paint job , very dispensable shit ) , so when you have the game , it 's good , nothing else to buy except for some expansions who will certainly cost less and are n't planned anytime soon anyway . 
  i do n't know anything about a price drop , but since the game was just released , i do n't expect one anytime soon . 
  the beta cost me 60 $ , i bought one for me , and one as a gift for my best friend . 
  i never had any regret paying that much for this game , and think it 's totally worth it . 
  the fact i fucking love space probably help . 
  again , i 'll tell you : buy it . 
  seriously , it seems pricey because of all these cheap game we have on pc now ( thanks steam ) , but it 's really not that much , and it 's worth the money . 
  a system far far away . 
  no problem !, 
  hope you will enjoy the game as much as i do . 
  and happy birthday . 
  okay . 
  i 'm actually in zosi , pretty far away . 
  =d was considering going to sol . 
  i want to see our good ol' sun . 
  there is something like traffic reports in the game ? 
  hope you enjoyed the trip at least . 
  soooo , when i 'm being hit by `` allies '' , because that happen all the time , or they fly in front of me when i 'm firing , it 's my fault now ? 
  this is an issue with the ia , not the players . 
  do n't try to throw that elitist bullshit like `` you should have taken flight lesson '' or `` the game is hard , deal with it '' . 
  it 's not about lowering the difficulty or anything , is adding logical mechanism into the game . 
  do a guy who make friendly fire and injure an ally in real life get fucked up instantly by everyone surrounding him ? 
  no , who ask the question : `` what that an accident ? 
  '' , and react accordingly . 
  and if the injured guy just ran into the line of fire , instead of blaming the one who shoot , we can ask `` you ran in front of him when he was firing . 
  are you completely retarded ? '', 
  ( sure , this is unlikely to happen , but put that in elite where that kind of thing happen extremely fast ), 
  no , your mission should now display with an alternative destination , and the original one . 
  you choose wherever you want to go . 
  well , you can see the `` alt . '', 
  information . 
  now you choose , ualapalor or clayakarma . 
  different systems , different factions . 
  you can deliver to either one , this will finish the mission and give you the reward accordingly . 
  the faction that will not receive the delivery will probably not be pleased . 
  your call !, 
  that 's just the option you have on every mission to abandon it . 
  nothing to do with the real objective . 
  `` please join the alliance we are two . '', 
  24 here . 
  playing pokemon everywhere . 
  there is always a girl coming at you : `` hey , you play pokemon ? 
  that 's so cool !, 
  yay , we are 3 !, 
  keep in mind this is only the prologue of mgs5 , and it 's very short . 
  the real deal will be out next year . 
  almost everything by default .
