  when someone have a crush for some months , why not . 
  but years ? 
  without picture , he would n't even be capable of recalling your face . 
  well i never said it was a bad thing , nor that you should n't give it a try . 
  it 's just my opinion on why the odds of it being a healthy relationship are really low . 
  sega told recently that the occidental version is still in their mind . 
  we have no idea when the game will come out officially for us , but at least they did n't forget ... 
  i 'm just not sure sega really understand anything about the european market , thought . 
  i 'm pretty sure they will give us a game with only 50 % of its content , big fucking delay between jp patchs and eu patchs , the shitload of event missing , and will not even bother to considerate a migration option for eu players who want to keep their jp caracters ( `` it 's technically impossibru !, 
  do n't judge me i 'm fabulous like that, 
  walk almost all day around our building , yelling . 
  ca n't understand any shit . 
  he just walk , and yell . 
  if he sees a bird , he yells . 
  if he sees a cat , he yells . 
  if he sees a trash , he yells , then punch it to death with a rage and a violence you 've never seen . 
  that motherfucker will sneak behind you without you realizing it , and yell like crazy . 
  after pissing your pants , you will start looking at him rushing to the nearest trash / tree / cat to yell some more and give a few hits . 
  he is crazy as hell , and i have no idea why he is still allowed outside . 
  word is that it 's schizophrenia . 
  i have no idea , but i 'm pretty scared . 
  one day , he will savagely hit someone . 
  and maybe kill this person . 
  for fucking nothing . 
  beat his wife after a full pound of weed ? 
  dude , that must be the shittiest weed ever . 
  no wonder he is so angry . 
  haaaaave you met my roommate ? 
  when i 'm drunk ? 
  dude , when i 'm drunk , every song is my song . 
  * you 're * an internet forum !, 
  everyone is aware , but nobody seems to be in charge . 
  apparently , we are just supposed to ignore him and do as if he does n't exist . 
  a dog ? 
  dude , we are talking about a motherfucking hellhound here . 
  i 'm pretty sure he will just challenge the horn . 
  and win . 
   in this country, 
  i live in france . 
  there must be like more than a thousand people where i live , and mostly 50-60 + years old . 
  i 'm pretty sure almost every one of them already called . 
  no singing . 
  thanks god . 
  * a m. night shyamalan movie *, 
  death metal comes from trash metal . 
  flawless logic . 
  til the crazy guy next door is the five finger death punch singer . 
  this sums up pretty much my country government right now . 
  i take that i misspelled something ? 
  yeah , `` dumb '' is a bit of harsh for two reasons :, 
  - the dude is crazy , not dumb . 
  many people seems to think it 's the same thing . 
  this , is dumb . 
  - not everyone on reddit is a native english speaker . 
  surprise . 
  impressive . 
  did you learn to read others words too ? 
  na , france . 
  pretty far away . 
  what would be the correct word for that ? 
  his main targets are the old ladies living in my block . 
  that 's kind of sad . 
  okay . 
  well , if i made you smile , that 's something . 
  ca n't wait to master the art of cosmic intercourse . 
  shhh , he said perfect . 
  it 's my moment . 
  do n't ruin it . 
  have heard of it , but totally forgotten . 
  it 's great , now every time i 'll see him , i 'll be scared that he 'll just chop my head off . 
  a trash . 
  silent yelling i guess . 
  well , yes , but in a pretty nice spot . 
  everything else is great . 
  i have absolutely no clue what the fuck is that guy doing here , otherwise it would just be a peaceful place . 
  be my guest . 
  nice . 
  remind me that i got tropico 4 with all dlc for 0.29 $ because of a steam bug ( for like 30 minutes , the game was -99 % off ) , still never installed it . 
  hey , i got the same screen . 
  was trying to find the reference earlier , can you help me with that ? 
  =d curious about the exact specs ... 
  everything in this picture is glorious . 
  especially the dog . 
  depend of your weapon . 
  i use a katana , and shift is the parry button . 
  but it 's not my mouse , and i was always pressing the wrong button so i said '' [ fuck it . 
  well it is . 
  the dude was obviously followed as i heard , and put in the `` non dangerous people let him roll '' list . 
  but as time pass , he 's getting more and more ... virulent . 
  what do you think , except alerting authorities if things goes wrong , there is nothing we can do . 
  and you should consider that he 's already taken care of . 
  but they let him out . 
  i do n't consider any sort of help ? 
  what the fuck should i do ? 
  it 's not my job , i have no idea how am i supposed to act with someone like that , and i do n't want to . 
  professional people are here for that . 
  and yes , i fear him . 
  have you ever seen real violence ? 
  not someone angry hitting some random shit , the real deal , the one where you fell like that dude could just ripe your goddamn organs off with his bare hands ? 
  when you walk around a guy like that trying hitting everything and chasing animals to do god know what to them , you are not some kind of vigilante that will immediately know what are his problems and how to deal with them .
