  dude , i seriously googled that like 3 hours ago , just to find this : http://i.imgur.com/hkmit.jpg, 
  alien . 
   we have a lot in common, 
  new tag . 
  nice try . 
  you do realize the difference between a pc and a mac , right ? 
  dude , if hulk hogan actually fucked my wife , [ i would n't even be mad ] ( http://i.imgur.com/of64t4k.jpg ) . 
  i do n't really understand the logic here . 
  i mean , why does the card is supposed to be used on a 3.0 slot if we do n't care after all ? 
  well , i feel a bit stupid for assuming without even checking that pci-e 3 was required for these cards . 
  thanks . 
  thanks !, 
  high as fuck with others friends ( who where either high , drunk , or both ) , in the street . 
  fuckload of people , mainly student , thursday evening is when everyone is partying . 
  everyone is chilling on docks , on the border of the river who cross the city . 
  we are now crossing a bridge , so a lot of people are beside us . 
  one of my friends got the most amazing idea ever , and climb on the bridge fence , probably because he wants to impress everyone and get laid . 
  you guess what happened next : this motherfucker fell in the river . 
  some students went into the river to save his drunk ass , and managed to get him to the border , safe . 
  the whole thing lasted like 10 minutes , the climb , the jump , the rescue . 
  my friends told me that all that goddamn time , i was looking into the river , apparently trying to connect with the marine wildlife , smiling , something laughing for nothing because `` fish tells awesome jokes '' . 
  the fact that a human jumped in front of me , and that i was looking right at him for the whole thing did n't bothered me a single instant . 
  fish were way more interresting ( and i probably did n't see a single one of them all this time ) . 
  thanks for my friends for telling me that , because i remember almost nothing from that night . 
  not remembering the fish joke is a burden i have to bare everyday in my life till the end ... 
  mammoth 's balls . 
  after expending on itself for billions of years , the universe change and now reduce on itself , until it comes at that ridiculous nothingness states , and big bang again . 
  repeat . 
  welcome to the infinite cycle of the universe . 
  went to bed at 5am , had to be at work at 8:30 am , was n't late . 
  `` o'malley , check the current kidney pricing on the black market . 
  this dude seems like he 'll be alright with only one , and i 'm a bit short this month . '', 
  i always wanted to , but recording instrument audio on a computer is worst than trying to find out what made your wife angry during her periods . 
  i ca n't understand a single thing about sound mixing , mastering , and all that shit . 
  gyoza . 
  when i 'm eating japanese , i have to finish with this sweet and delicious thing . 
  i have that scar on the knee , looks like i was supposed to have stitches ( i guess . 
  ) , but at that time i was a kid ( my guess would be between 7 and 9 years old ) , and i remembered not feeling a single thing . 
  i was simply playing outside , there was a ( big ) flint , the next second it was replace by a bloodbath . 
  i just went into the bathroom , took whatever the growups use to magically heal everything , and that was it . 
  my parents never knew , and i never told anyone because for me , it was n't such a bug deal . 
  if i did n't feel anything , how bad could that be , right ? 
  it 's really not a big deal , and the way i got it it 's sucky as hell , but ... 
  i still have the scar today , it can be seen very clearly , and i 'm 24 years old . 
  sometime , when i see it , i 'm like `` dude , i was badass when i was young '' . 
  bonus , i got a really similar scar on my elbow , which i got by falling from my bike ( something like 6 or 7 years later ) . 
  i 'm french and we have to get paid if the internship last two months or more . 
  ( ~ 564 $ minimum by month ), 
  got some shoes ( globe sabre ) for 20 $ , new , instead of ~ 100 $ . 
  do n't know the real reason , they just charged me 20 $ , end of the story . 
  weird shit happen . 
  jurassic park , obviously . 
  4 candidates , the program presenter ask a stupid question ( you know , the kind you can find in / r/askreddit ) , the candidate can answer whatever he likes , serious or not , and then each person in the public can upvote one candidate , and downvote another . 
  the candidate with the most vote win the round , and ... i do n't have any other idea . 
  someone continue , please . 
  if only ... 
  on a scale of 1 to 10 , i would say banana . 
  i do n't justify it . 
  i smoke because i 'm addicted , of course , but also because i like it . 
  that 's all . 
  edit : today , i got downvoted by some smart-ass who did n't like the fact that i like cigarette . 
  why not . 
  let me find a time-travel machine , and i 'll be right back at you in 12 years ago . 
  well , if you take 5 persons who are untalented on something they have never done , and train them like crazy for years , they will all have different level at the end . 
  you can be very good at something with training , but it also have to be something your brain is feeling comfortable with . 
  the most obvious exemple is instrumental practice , where the years of practice ca n't really balance weither your brain is good at it or not . 
  training will always makes you better , but your limit is already set by your brain . 
  - the man . 
  you 'll officialy be stan the man . 
  - ching . 
  - chimi would be cool , but we 're missing an `` a '' . 
  a little long , i take it , but when the time will comes , it 'll be pretty useful . 
  ** edited **, 
  since this must be one of the most asked question of all time , i 'll just go with :, 
  the secret life of walter mitty . 
  i masturbate only with video compilation of these two elements . 
  30 minutes of swaying nutsack is hypnotising . 
  it 's way more difficult to a man to convice people that he was beaten / rape by a woman . 
  this is an horrible situation , because you ca n't do anything about it , nobody listen to you , and the woman can just fake everything and you 'll be charged for violence instantly . 
  without hard proof , this is actually almost impossible for a woman to be threated like that . 
  meaningless sex . 
  only monster does that . 
  they see someone happy and are like `` i 'll fuck that and never call him/her again , he/she 'll be sad . 
  this 'll be fun . '', 
  how can you do that do someone ? 
  that 's fucked up ... 
  i 'm happy , you see . 
  and i would hate that someone take that from me with meaningless sex . 
  it 'll would be horrible . 
  so horrible . 
  nobody want to try and makes me sad ? 
  please ? 
  i want sex . 
  well , first i 'll have to get over the fact that now , all of my friends wants to fuck me . 
  then , i 'll look at my boobs , probably play with them for the rest of the day . 
  finally , i 'll go on every goddamn vocal i can find on the mmo i 'm playing , to get free items from every guys trying to `` flirt '' across the internet . 
  what ? 
  is the new x-trem nutsack swaying apocalypse iv finally out ? 
  no-one ... ? 
  cookies .
