  it will not do a single thing about everything bad that take a place in your head . 
  the moment you smoke , your brain just stop thinking about all of these bad things . 
  a short moment after , the reaction or whatever is happening stop and you will be back in your stress state . 
  so , you have a ~ 20-30 minutes window that is helping you just to not think about anything stressful . 
  ( ~ 1 hour at first , when your body his not yet used to smoking ) . 
  rest of the time , you will feel as bad as usual . 
  with time , your body become addicted with nicotine . 
  you smoke more because you have to , but it still act on your everyday stress . 
  so ... yeah , smoking is just an effective , yet very unhealthy way to ** delay ** your stress . 
  i know , fuck me right ? 
  i 'm pretty sure reddit is also tired of people who still ca n't take a joke and answer it seriously . 
  and make it double . 
  i have to agree on this one . 
  i just searched one pick on particular for 15 goddamn minutes by moving everything in the room . 
  i was searching my socks for fucking months just to find out they were just chilling on reddit ? 
  damn . 
  i 'm french . 
  my case is too small =( and the 290 is pretty sucky on the psu , no ? 
  yeah my psu is only 520w . 
  i 'm in , mostly for prison architect . 
  thanks for the giveaway op , may gaben benediction be upon you and your family for the centuries to comes . 
  plot twist : he was in fact on the set of a porn movie without realizing it . 
  a thousand of motherfucking time this, 
  even if your soul itself is consumed by the glorious greatness emanating from the card during the benchmark , you have to do it . 
  you must be a martyr for all of your brothers . 
  same here : my 560ti just died a week ago ( damn summer ) , and this 970 is like hitting hard on me . 
  - `` hello boy , wan na play with some of this ? '', 
  so i 'm not the only one to randomly laugh at jokes i made 3 months ago , or that i could have made but just keeped it to myself ... 
  i feel a bit less crazy . 
  thanks . 
  10 $ , just here , on the ground , waiting for someone to pick it up . 
  i looked at it awkwardly , like `` it 's a trap ? 
  it 's a trap , is n't it ? 
  '' , then walked away will giving quick looks at it behind me . 
  sometime , i wonder why the fuck i am so stupid . 
  i do n't know . 
  and she does n't exist , even in my dreams . 
  that 's what makes her perfect . 
  praise toothless !, 
  well , the new nvidia 900 serie card is out , so ... there 's that . 
  yes . 
  well , i was drunk . 
  she jumped on me and a friend and it ended on a threesome . 
  why not . 
  3 weeks later , her parents called us , threatening to sue us because we `` group raped '' their pure and innocent daughter . 
  turns out this stupid bitch took a morning-after pill 2 motherfucking weeks after . 
  see never used that kind of contraception because she was a lesbian , so it was kind of painful for a first time i guess . 
  she thought she was now pregnant , told her parents something was wrong , but did n't wanted to admit to her parents she was a slut , so she just told them we raped her . 
  never stick your dick in crazy , guys . 
  never . 
  more beds . 
  true story . 
  i 'm fucking fine , thanks . 
  my soul is worth a new graphic card . 
  none of these . 
  i 'm basically sleeping on a mat ' on a mat ' on a mat ' on a mat ' . 
  since a mat ' alone is enough for me to qualify it as a `` bed '' , more mat ' = more beds . 
  they told me that i would be successful in life . 
  test post please ignore . 
  i mean , wtf . 
  i do n't know , man . 
  ... i do n't know ... 
  the cancer this post gave me . 
  i do n't know , but it 'll have to include a dwarf gangbang . 
  what do you mean by `` modern '' ? 
  i have actually the i5 2500k , and i plan to buy a 970 . 
  i did n't asked myself the question , but now that you come up with it , will my proc be ok ? 
  thanks man . 
  if you could also take a gtx 970 for me , thanks . 
  / roll [ 1-100 ], 
  i 'll take the third one of the first row . 
  thanks . 
  on phantasy star online 2 , my setup with the naga is :, 
  1 : shift, 
  2 : shift, 
  3 : shift, 
  4 : shift, 
  5 : shift, 
  6 : shift, 
  7 : shift, 
  8 : shift, 
  9 : shift, 
  i know how to use it to its full potential . 
  the fucking lyrics . 
  it 's like any `` crush '' you can have : he have absolutely no idea himself . 
  the whole crush thing itself is a fantasy , you idolize the person , re-imagine his / her life , without any idea of how it would really be to be with this person . 
  in your context , it 's feelings , not just physical . 
  but it 's not the good kind of feelings . 
  just an artifact of false perfection created and kept in his mind for years . 
   in my experience as a biologist, 
   monkey-sodomy, 
  i love my generation . 
  my legs . 
  basically , yes . 
  i 'm not saying that it have to be like that , but most likely . 
  that 's the point of a fantasy . 
  it 's not supposed to be real . 
  because when it 's not real , you can re-imagine it , change details , make everything just like it have to be . 
  the moment it become real , you ca n't change anything anymore . 
  and the question is : when it become real for him , how far is the real you from his fantasy ?
