  3 / fuck every other dude 's mom . 
   i thought it was extraordinarily repetitive, 
  it is . 
  i did n't expected much more from some crossover between assassin 's creed and batman arkham , these games are also , in my opinion , very repetitive . 
  but god i love these games . 
  and shadow of mordor is the goddamn same thing : you always do the same thing , but it is so nicely made that you do n't even care anymore and cut orcs heads for hours while laughing hysterically . 
  so they were actually exploiting him ? 
  what a bunch of bastards !, 
  * do n't yell like an hysterical fan girl ... do n't yell like an hysterical fan girl ... do n't yell like an hysterical fan girl ... do n't yell like an hysterical fan girl ... *, 
  assetto corsa is pretty nice . 
  it 's still an alpha though , you wont have a lot of content for now . 
  but they totally nailed the simulation part , and it 's very pleasant to play with a g27 . 
  guess it 's our best bet for the next big simulation game when it will be finished . 
  99 red balloons . 
  i guess i need to see a doctor . 
  that one where road runner outsmart the coyote . 
  it 's friday . 
  week-end soon , and nobody seems to care about it . 
  they keep talking about isis , or some economical crisis . 
  media sucks . 
  i was wondering how long it would take for someone to comes with this answer . 
  you were pretty fast . 
  i 'll go with a peeler . 
  i mean , you literally dismender vegetables children just to eat them afterward ( in some case , making them boil before ) . 
  that 's brutal . 
  the `` reign of phalaris '' part is pretty awesome . 
  and brutal . 
  your step-mother . 
  ... maybe . 
  i fucking love eggs . 
  defcon . 
   anyhow you can clearly tell he is a retard . 
  fixed . 
  your little sister . 
  get a girlfriend . 
  i use an [ orbweaver ] ( http://www.razerzone.com/fr-fr/gaming-keyboards-keypads/razer-orbweaver ) , i love it . 
  i just have to use my keyboard for games with a shitload of shortcuts ( hello , space simulations ) . 
   keep it clean, 
  but do n't use wax , guys . 
  especially on your balls . 
  why did he stop, 
  this is the first time i actually laughed looking at a graph . 
  no it 's actually the tech demo of call of duty : advanced warfare . 
  more keys . 
  hum , i already had some issues with synapse , but it 's very rare . 
  i usually just have to kill the process and relaunch synapse . 
  one time , i had to reboot the computer . 
  but it works fine most of the time . 
  that 's weird =(, 
  yay , all against the discrimination of purple people !, 
  purple face masterrace ftw, 
  wait ... there is a mousepad ? 
  where the fuck is my mousepad ? 
  it is exactly the same . 
  and it 's awesome . 
  very well made . 
  basically , the game is a perfect mix between batman arkham series and assassin 's creed . 
  the game inherit unfortunately of all the repetitive side ( you will basically will do the same shit over and over again , with more power and fights a bit harder , exactly as in batman ) , but the gameplay is brilliant and cutting uruks heads is still cool after hours of playing . 
  and it 's fucking lotr . 
  that game is far to be game of the century , but it is really decent and totally worth it . 
  camouflaging your computer so you can play battlefield on the battlefield . 
  i know dude , that was a joke =p, 
  you should spend more money for an optical camouflage . 
  or a nano suit . 
  deers will never know what hit them . 
  i can only imagine you buying that pc years ago . 
  `` look at it i can actually see the temperature , how glorious is that '', 
  2 days later, 
  you would n't believe the influence deers government have . 
  you will find pretty much all you need with linux , but windows development softwares will be a bit tricky to use ( ok , i lied , it 's a real pain in the ass ) . 
  you can say goodbye at visual studio . 
  but there is plenty others ( and amazing ) tools for you to use in every language . 
  dig around and you can find happiness . 
  keep in mind that there is a lot less games compatible with linux , and drivers performances are usually affected . 
  depending of what distro you choose , you can have significant impact on some games ( and some others will run perfectly fine ) . 
  for now , even if it 's getting way better , linux gaming have still a long way to go . 
  i personally use windows for gaming and screwing around , and archlinux for work . 
  i 'm happy with my rig as it is , do n't want to screw around with overclocking , i do n't have nice cooling solutions . 
  i know i should buy some though , because i 'm cursed with temperatures . 
  never overclocked a thing , and yet i have made overheated 3 gpu , 1 processor , and 2 laptop . 
  and i do n't keep anything in closed space or anything . 
  i 'm just ... cursed . 
  and no , no mousepad =( and the card is brand new . 
  that 's my luck . 
  i 'm used to it . 
  * smile , while a tear roll slowly on his cheek . 
  i 'm not , but that 's very nice of you . 
  thanks =p, 
  i 'm a bit let down by the fact that he was n't mr bean anymore after eating the snickers . 
  these guys are seriously cops ? 
  what the fuck is happening in america ? 
  the fuck with most of the answers ... 
  you wont fix this . 
  because it does exactly what it claims to do : writing on the goddamn disk . 
  so either you get a better processor and/or hard drive to optimize the writing speed , or you just wait because the game need to fucking install and organize itself , it do n't just magically appear on your computer , working and shit . 
  i 'm sorry for that . 
  but god , `` busy writing to disk '' , how can you possibly think that it is a bug that needs fixing ? 
  i know it 's pretty hard to understand , but i 'll give you some time to wrap your head around it . 
  well , they obviously do according to this picture . 
  i 'm pretty sure you are alone to assume they do n't do it .
