  if not , that 's a major flaw who may have leaded us in this mess . 
  well , then ... 
  * look at valve *, 
  * look at bethesda *, 
  * look at the modders *, 
  ... what the fuck guys . 
  ui design is n't the top priority at this moment so we ca n't answer you yet . 
  did you filled the application form on google doc ? 
  we could use your skills as an ui designer . 
  here is an answer from / u/crazyrocketengineer on the q&a thread :, 
  `` the core team will be mostly consisting of experienced programmers . 
  however we will definitely offload work to the community , so you can help even if you just started programming . 
  more information on this will be coming in the next few days . '', 
  there will be a detailed roadmap and organization once we finish going through all the applications and will have the core team of the project ready . 
  do n't forget to apply [ here ] ( https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1sdhrixy2um7n3nhhyjtiyrd97djfyycxoobajzpmlzq/viewform ) if you are interested !, 
  any skill can be useful , just fill out the application form so we know that you are here !, 
  yup it is . 
  well , just wait until we review every applications and we will come back at you . 
  we have 260 + right now , so i 'll take some time . 
  right now , it 's going through the 260 + applications to know who wants to help and their skills . 
  that way , we 'll know exactly what kind of manpower we have . 
  thanks for being supportive !, 
  people have still to understand that irc is n't the real way to talk about the project and how to do it . 
  every time you see debate in here about how we should do things , you can be fairly certain it 's not official . 
  this subreddit is and will remain the only true way to get information and update about how the project is going . 
  thanks for the giveaway dude !, 
  yay , thanks pour the giveaway op !, 
  thanks for the giveaway dude , it 's amazing to share like this . 
  just wanted to add a little something : you said the code was given to you by nvidia as a promotion for buying a gtx 960 . 
  is n't the code for gog , and not steam ? 
  anyway , i 'll try my luck too !, 
  i have witcher 1 and 2 on my gog account , and i ca n't wait to play the third one . 
  i. . . do n't really have any other reason than that . 
  just an overhyped fan who will play the game day one anyway , legally or not ( just have to wait until i 'll be able to buy it , do n't throw me rocks ! ) . 
  farewell brother , and good luck everyone !, 
  i 'm seriously asking , is that so ridiculous ? 
  i mean , ok , it 's almost nothing and peasants are happy about it like it 's the deal of the century , why not , but ... 
  hell , it 's still more than i get for buying games on steam . 
  ( yeah , i know that we have awesome sales and all , but still , i do n't understand why we should taunt people for an actual `` advantage '' they have on us . ), 
  edit : like i said , i 'm seriously asking . 
  take time to answer me before downvoting me , thanks . 
  i did n't get that whole preorder part at full price only . 
  thanks !, 
  $ confirm / u/black _ shaka 15, 
  thanks brother !, 
  no , it says that the requirement is to spend 20 points here first . 
  on death march , lvl 32 , mastercrafted ursine gear and swords , the fight was kinda long for me . 
  especially at ~ 40 % , when the game though it was a good idea to put the potion of clearance in my shortcut when i used my last food . 
  that shit reset all your skills / mutagens , even if you are in combat . 
  and of course , while you are in combat , you ca n't set them again . 
  had to finish the fight like that . 
  the fight alone took me something like 20 minutes . 
  that 's the only trophy i keep . 
  add +10000 badassery . 
  love it . 
  in death march , arrows pretty much have the same effect as a nuclear warhead . 
  well geralt is one tough son of a bitch . 
  try to mount/unmount roach , then change your signs again . 
  i got the bug once , and it solved my problem . 
  damn this troll is good . 
  i made geralt do it , but i did n't realized that you could let the troll try . 
  and i would have never expected it to be that nice . 
  none . 
  geralt does n't need no bitch yo . 
  only with yennefer actually . 
  could n't pass on the unicorn . 
  i do n't own the operation , got one drop when i ranked up . 
  does that mean i wo n't get any more drop next week with another rank up ? 
  rekt, 
  '' - ok , it 's all over now . 
  that was a good run . 
  now , let 's hold hands , close my eyes , and die like a quee - ... woaw is that a dragon nice see you later guys . '', 
  let 's wait the overwatch demo, 
  if i ca n't come to the lan party , the lan party will come to me . 
  also , https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b0kwij28nsw, 
  kingdom heart . 
  thanks op , may your framerates be high and your temperatures low . 
  or you can see the trillion post about the fact that gta v was retired for now because the price was too low , and the actual price you are seing is a bundle of the game with some in-game currency . 
  because there was an error with the game price alone ( lot of people witnessed it at something like 20 $ ) , the game will come back but for now there is only the bundle offers . 
  i tested 3 games on faceit . 
  on all 3 , my team and the enemy team where toxic as hell . 
  insulting , spamming , that was really annoying . 
  for the first couple of games , the servers were n't really good for me either . 
  no lags , but ... there was something not right . 
  i ca n't explain it , just that feeling that i missed way to much shots , my opponents could see me before i see them , that kind of things . 
  but !, 
  on the last game , the server was absolutely awesome . 
  i had that feeling like if i was playing in lan , when i killed or i was killed there was no `` wtf is this bullshit '' feeling , i was just playing , and it was cool . 
  people still sucked , though . 
  if you mean asking on the esea forum , i felt like it was n't cool to `` spam '' it with that kind of request ( not that this subreddit is really better , but ... yeah , a little x ] ) , but that 's totally the 7 days trial pass i had in mind ( even if i did n't knew how many time the trial lasted ) . 
  and thanks for your opinion on faceit . 
  i talked quickly about my ( very little ) experience on it in another comment in this thread , i guess i ca n't really know what to expect until i 'm testing premium . 
  you ordered an airstrike with your usp , and he died . 
  i do n't see the problem . 
  went on the sub , saw it was still running , unsub , read some comments on the megathread , f5 , down . 
  i witnessed it , brothers, 
  do it, 
  thank mr skeltal, 
  yes . 
  stay hyped for e3 2016 .
