  just have some macro button on the left of my keyboard , 2 of them are binded to supercruise and the hypercruise shit or whatever it is called . 
  weapon rotation is via mouse scrolling . 
  and i think that 's all . 
  just remaped 3 things , and everything works fine , i have no problem doing dogfight or anything . 
  i do n't know for the majority of players , but i find the default controls very natural and perfectly usable . 
   so if i ca n't do the fucking training missions , theres little point in me trying to do the actual game . 
  money wasted . 
  i have no problem with keyboard & mouse , like a lot of people . 
  maybe try buying a hotas or something to help you . 
  but do n't blame it on the game . 
  you are bad , and you must train . 
  this is the most polite reddit thread i have ever seen , good job . 
  that 's true , but a viper will eat him alive anyway . 
  the sidewinder is a good ship , but it 's way too fragile . 
  3 seconds of multi-canons and all the systems will be crying for help . 
  the sidewinder is basically a deadly mosquito . 
  did you just post a ref link , with a title that sound completely as a scam , for a paying website to get an illegal service ? 
  i mean , dude, 
  using a vpn to get access to the full catalog of netflix is indeed illegal . 
  but hey , you use it , so everything is okay . 
  well . 
  it would be stupid not giving this a try !, 
  good point , i did n't took the time to look at his history . 
  still laughing at the `` i used it '' to make the whole thing legit . 
  remind me of these `` you want to make $ 2000 in less than 30 minutes ? 
  click here !, 
  you can trust me , i used it and it works !, 
  `` haaaave you met / u/aharm82 ? '', 
  more seriously , the wingman is a ninja . 
  he 's here , hearing everything you say , and what she says . 
  the second something awkward happen will speaking to the girl , he will appear instantly to help you recover quickly by telling an awesome fact about you , helping get a new conversation topic , giving a false excuse so you can leave after realizing the girl was crazy , or even discretely put some money into your pocket so you can buy her another drink . 
  then he will disappear as quickly as he arrived , like a wild abra . 
  she will think he 's back getting drunk and partying hard . 
  but the truth is , he 's still here , ready to get you back on your feet every time you will need it . 
  because this is what the wingman is . 
  a silent knight protecting you . 
  not the one you deserve , but the one you need to get laid this night . 
  exactly . 
  the show is called `` des chiffres et des lettres '' , literally `` numbers and letters '' . 
  for the letters part , the candidates get randoms letters and have to come up with the biggest word . 
  apparently , i 'll be a friendly zombie . 
  the domain names are starting to get ridiculous . 
  but hey , if they have to change the letter combination everytime a new domain is created and they need a new and unused one , maybe one day it 'll be something like `` totallynotasteamscam.com '', 
  a already bought the bundle , but a xenoverse giveaway ? 
  damn son , count me in !, 
  it looks amazing . 
  but hey , it 's dragon ball , it can only looks amazing . 
  that 's awesome , thanks for doing this . 
  i 'm far to be the one in need of games , so it should be of course a priority for others brothers , but i 'm linking my wishlist anyway . 
  i have to admit that i 'm kind of jealous to see on the front page all these brothers who received gifts . 
  anyway , i hope a lot of you guys are given the possibility to witness the awesomeness and the generosity of this community , and smile with amazing new games in your library !, 
  amazing giveaway , thanks brother . 
  i 'll enter the contest , not for me , my rig is perfectly fine for me , but for my girlfriend who got nothing else than her school laptop . 
  i 'm in pain everytime i see her playing archeage with 10 fps in low settings , but i think we all know that feeling . 
  let 's talk about my favorite movie , snatch . 
  the thing i love about this movie are pretty simple :, 
  1 / it 's snatch, 
  2 / no , seriously , snatch dude, 
  3 / ** snatch **, 
  til if i 'm abducted by aliens , i 'll die . 
  i 'm not the finest product humanity has to offer . 
  `` haha , that dude ca n't fool me , refresh a * . png , what a j - ... ho , okay . '', 
  i want to be recognized for what i do . 
  i do n't care about the consequences , or in which god i put my faith . 
  i just want the people to actually know me for my actions . 
  i do n't want to press the button . 
  he is unique , and fragile . 
  but ... what am i for non-pressing it ? 
  a strong mind , putting his selfish desires aside for the greater good ? 
  or will i simply be lost among the ignorant who never heard of the button ? 
  the true non-pressers will be mixed with the filthy ignorant , who will claim to be strong when in fact they never had to make a choice because they never knew anything about the almighty button before . 
  pressing is so easy . 
  i would exist . 
  people will look at me , and think about what i have done instead of thinking about what i have n't done . 
  we are defined by our actions , right ? 
  now i want to act . 
  but i 'm afraid . 
  my mind is split by a great war between good and evil . 
  i do n't know what to do . 
  please . 
  help me . 
  thanks for the giveaway !, 
  [ hope your son is also a batman fan . 
  i may be a bit late , but ... hello there o /, 
  as always , thanks for this , it 's amazing . 
  i 'm obviously in . 
  with luck , i wo n't have to wait years before playing it . 
  i 'm not sure what am i supposed to do with this community goal . 
  someone can help a noob ? 
  edit : thanks guys !, 
  * insert wall of text explaining how hardcore i am about the witcher serie , but forgetting to mention why i do n't actually want to spent money for it and wait for someone to buy it for me instead *, 
  ... yeah , you can count me in . 
  in the mail i received afterward :, 
  `` we will read your answers and reward you with up to 2,500 neucoins . 
  reward amounts will be based on time and effort put in . '', 
  well , fuck . 
  modders can still put their mods for free on the workshop , right ? 
  so it 's already an option , or i misunderstood you ? 
  i 'm asking a real question here , because i feel like i 'm a bit lost with all that polemic : is n't it also a part of the modders fault for jumping on this system to monetize their mods without giving any free alternative to the users ? 
  did nexusmod had any donation system for modders to give them a simple way to be rewarded for their work without breaking that `` mods are free '' vibe ?
