  you would be fine in pretty much any country . 
  and yes , for the rest of your life , even if you had a wife and two kids . 
  just do n't go to duba\u00ef . 
  basically , $ 1,000,000 on a special bank account will give you about $ 4000 a month . 
  for nothing except just putting your money in there . 
  yes , i 'm counting taxes and everything . 
  ( i ca n't give you any `` solid '' source except my best friend , who ... basically have accounts with that kind of money . 
  we just made the math , and there is a reason why rich people become richer . 
  i 'm talking in dollar here , but in fact i 'm french , so it 's based on euro ), 
  that alone make an huge difference between having that kind of money over decades , and having it all right now . 
  i guess there is two interpretations of op question here . 
  but yeah , i was considering the fact that he had 1.000.000 $ right now . 
  i have a very pointy nose . 
  i just tried , it 's goddamn impossible to take pictures of my nose discreetly at work ( and fucking hard to have a great angle ) . 
  and yes , i typed my name with my nose at work . 
  i hope . 
  because we farm the goddamn reaper in diablo iii . 
  because i can . 
  sorry , selfies were n't part of the ninja training . 
  it 's pretty easy to get an upvote from me . 
  if it 's funny , creative , or interesting , i wont think twice and just hit the upvote button . 
  but to get a downvote from me ... dude , you must do some very nasty shits . 
  i 'm came here to kick-ass and chew bubble gum , and i 'm all out of bubble gum . 
  ho fuck , wrong thread . 
  hoooo ... fuck you . 
  * go away , humming *, 
  ^ ^ ^ goddamn ^ ^ ^ song ... 
  spiders . 
  well they are immortal until some douche decide to wipe them out from earth . 
  not cool , dude . 
  not cool . 
  tl ; dr look at dog stats before choosing . 
  i 'm pretty worried for when the only thing left to chase will be i. 
  fuck you . 
  one jour , i went at une boulangerie . 
  there was beaucoup de pain . 
  a great power comes with a great responsibility . 
  he must die for the rest of us . 
  i usually give up before starting anything . 
  that way , i do n't have to make any effort , and i protect myself from any disappointement i could have if i failed . 
  \\* * insert joke about kfc here * \\*, 
  no , it does n't matter . 
  that 's just a switch . 
  only the position it 's in matter . 
  you must be the fun guy at parties , right ? 
  sex . 
  not this time , son . 
  not this time . 
  made my pencils fly like spaceship , making every noise loudly with my mouth . 
  all the time . 
  i was the crazy one , and teachers even punished me several times for that . 
  like a nice good looking dude with extremely serious issues about his hairs . 
   cis-gender, 
  i swear to god if people keep using this to describe people , i 'll kill someone . 
  this is hurting me so much . 
  digestive system, 
  wait i 'm not in the right thread . 
  the fuck just happened . 
  dude , i woke up with an headache and a hangover , after sleeping for a bit more than 3 hours , and i was n't even late at work . 
  what 's your excuse ? 
  kim jong-un death , after his almost 1 month disappearance . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  the whole world will be crying this loss . 
  i actually want to eat that now . 
  i like you . 
  my usual username on games . 
  with a `` 4 '' instead of `` a '' , because of reasons . 
  got it since 2006 or 2007 , i guess . 
  actually , automated support would be way more effective . 
  that 's how shitty is steam support . 
  from final fantasy iv to final fantasy x , with pretty graphics like ff xiii . 
  the gameplay of all these games is perfection . 
  i finished every one of these game several times , and now the only thing that could make me take a whole new pleasure finishing these is with eyegasms . 
  * i know what you did *, 
  goddamnit tony , that 's why we ca n't have nice things, 
  the movies / series . 
  i 've never seen a burger try to stab me for now , and i kinda like mcdonald 's , so i would go with delicious . 
  edit : did i got downvoted for saying that i like mcdonald 's ? 
  that a whole new level of retard we got here . 
  death . 
  and spiders . 
  in a totally unrelated way . 
  * joke 's on you this was my rape face *, 
  i usually answer `` i love you too '' . 
  you 're never alone my friend . 
  that 's how i propose sex to my gf . 
  that 's pretty vague . 
  it 's ok if you just fucked up the toilet and lie by saying `` i do n't know , that was already like that ! '' . 
  it 's not ok if you say `` i have to work all night '' just to go and party all night . 
  always . 
  i have an account , but i almost never use it . 
  sometime , when i 'm bored , i look at some news from people , and poke . 
  it takes me about 30 secondsn and that 's pretty much all . 
  if facebook disappeared tomorrow , i would be one those people who does n't give a single fuck . 
  i do n't hate it . 
  i just do n't use it . 
  i do the same shit all the time , except that i 'm not preparing any surprise . 
  i just hate that people look at what i am/was doing . 
  even with my girlfriend . 
  if something is wrong in your couple , you should be able to see it with another thing that the way she use her phone .
