  '' , put on sunglasses , jump trought the windows , base jump , land on a car driving in the opposite direction of the company , give them the finger until the car is far enough from the company building . 
  `` hello , i 'm a 24 caucasian male looking for a cute girl . 
  call me and please have sex with me thanks . '', 
  beautiful capital letter , then what the fuck is hapenning with this pen i ca n't control it , then write the rest of my name . 
  nobody know how the glorious leader tammed the beasts , or where he found them . 
  i personally have an elaborated theory where unicorn are actually created from a rib of him . 
  obama is born white . 
  `` do it to impress . 
  girls love to be impressed . 
  girls will give you sex . 
  so , do it for the sex . '', 
  netflix . 
  / r/drugs, 
  you will never meet your perfect so . 
  too much people . 
  trunk . 
  i mean , seriously ? 
  source : i have the ability to make statistics out of thin air . 
  because women believe in the greatest lie the men ever managed to make : if we are older , we are more mature . 
  well , a good friend have a tatoo of a little blue bomb right on his penis . 
  seriously , if they made a system like that for april fool , they would make a shitload of money and most of reddit users would n't even be mad . 
  a delivery guy ,, 
  a lady without clothes ,, 
  [ pirates of the caribbean ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0477457/ ) . 
  i do n't know what 's the big deal about it , and my kids did n't liked the multiple sex scenes . 
  2/10 do n't recommend . 
  dude , you went like full retard sayen 4 . 
  is n't there enough things who are trying to kill you in australia so you do n't have to drink petrol on top of it ? 
  unidan . 
  that 's the joke . 
  please tree fiddy, 
   45 seconds, 
  dude, 
  unidan did nothing wrong . 
  i was high , how can i remember . 
  my work . 
  my food . 
  my body . 
  my social life . 
  at least when the camera is filming the ballsack , it 's yours . 
  still less than putin . 
  i do n't know if the pun is intended . 
  it would be the closest thing that looks like a weapon to me . 
  if i 'm at home , this would be a masa\u00ef machete . 
  the real deal , this shit is so sharp it even opened the sheath in half . 
  if i 'm elsewhere ... let 's just hope i find something interresting . 
  well ... biologically talking , yes , it 's possible . 
  but will it happen ? 
  fuck no . 
  the amount of thc you 'll need to absorb so you have enough of it in your semen is way to high . 
  if you smoked again and again without stopping , you would die after about ~ 1000 joints ( fun fact , not because of the cannabis , but simply with the carbon monoxide ) . 
  since the thc in your semen would be due to an oversaturation of it in your body , 1000 joints is n't enough . 
  i do n't think it 's even close to get your partner high . 
  a graphic card . 
  mine died 4 days ago . 
  my computer is basically dead until i replace it , but i 'm a student and my current internship is not enough to buy something like this . 
  the fact that i ca n't play to my mmos is horrible , that was what keeped my old depression away . 
  4 days , and i 'm already under medication because i do n't have my computer , i 've never seen my psychologist with such a big smile . 
  humanity successfully created time-travel , then went and killed all the dinosaurs with badass technology , so the earth would be habitable for us . 
  yes , obviously . 
  i just wanted to point out the fact that , even if you could do it , you would die before your semen got enough thc . 
  '' - so ... did you do it ? 
  '' - yes . 
  the first time will be awful . '', 
  '' - are we still awesome ? 
  '' - we were never awesome . 
  we just suck a bit less , now . '', 
  there is nothing such as a story here , i 'm sorry . 
  =( just a regular `` both young , both shy , both virgin , both disappointed at the end '' . 
  because fuck you , just google it . 
  montezuma 's revenge . 
  op , do you want to start a war ? 
  because that 's how you start a war . 
  dude, 
  i can wait . 
  minutes , hours , even days . 
  i 'm just like a doll . 
  you can put me somewhere and i 'll wait . 
  same shit , replace `` him '' by `` her '' . 
  weed should be legalized everywhere . 
  there is no reason that cigarette or alcohol are legal , and not weed . 
  even with all the bad sides , it 's still less dangerous that these two . 
  anybody who think that weed is satan is just a moron who ca n't get rid of old and stupid stereotype about soft drugs . 
  ( what ? 
  you said edgy . ), 
  madonna . 
  i know , right ? 
  you should be glad that people like me are here to stand for the right thing in our society . 
  there will be , one day . 
  there will be . 
  on a side note , in my country ( france ) , legalizing weed really is an edgy opinion . 
  so , my first comment was n't that ironic . 
  well , `` weed is an absolute evil '' is one of the # 1 thing parents educate to their childs , here . 
  it 's stupid , and we have now a country full of people against something they do n't know anything about , juste because there parents said so . 
  we ca n't even have medical marijuana . 
  the first medication is coming very slowly , and 1000 multiple sclerosis patients are supposed to be part on an experiment with cannabis based solution , but there are big pression in the government so the medication never comes in france . 
  my father is one of these patients , and there is nothing legal that can reduce his pain , but old fucktard with suit seems to prefer him to suffer . 
  i hope so . 
  on a side note , again , i would also like to get high legally . 
  we have a lot of very cheap solution to listen music legally ( first thought are deezer or spotify ) .
