  in your car . 
  [ i feel sorry for you bud ] ( http://i.imgur.com/nkehpfk.png ), 
  everything fit in your budget if you run fast enough . 
  [ still too harsh . 
  this is glorious . 
  but the lack of sounds was disappointing . 
  brb , will fix that . 
  edit : [ done . 
  ] ( http://youtu.be/o23xcie1nai ), 
  trust me , i have no idea what i 'm doing . 
  this will be perfect . 
  ... then you seriously need glasses . 
  thanks !, 
  first time i do something like that , was really fun . 
  the real problem here is that console are real low-end computer . 
  and a lot of game who comes out are optimized to run on these , which gives to us , users of real pc and powerful gaming machine , a lot of shitty port who are technically widely under what we can ( and should ) have . 
  you broke the bsod dude . 
  that 's like dividing by zero . 
  i actually never informed myself about sli . 
  so , the computer will no take advantage of the vram from both cards ? 
  okay , thanks . 
  - sell console and all games . 
  - sell littler sister . 
  - drug older sister . 
  - sell older sister . 
  - build a pc with 500 $, 
  - life change , your crush will dig you , your dog will listen to you , your penis will be bigger , your boss will give you a promotion . 
  welcome to the master race . 
  alternative :, 
  - ask for a pc, 
  - get the fuck out, 
  if it 's not negative , it 's still too hot . 
  i do n't really care about farcry 4 , i 'm curious but i know i 'll not buy it anyway . 
  ac : u. . . i wanted that game . 
  like , really . 
  but i wo n't buy it . 
  because ubisoft does n't deserve my money . 
  i 'll wait and buy this shit 15 $ on a key reseller without thinking twice . 
  yeah it was weird at first when i read that thing . 
  `` how the fuck do they know me ? '', 
  as mecha-kim jung un . 
  you, 
   / u/scottydoeskno, 
  dude , you are an awesome movie , of course you were part of my life before this . 
  you failed your post . 
  you should have said something like `` omagad videa gamz or real life '' . 
  edit : this was just a joke , because of some post we had about that game . 
  how comes i 'm downvoted like this ? 
  are people retarted ? 
  4k takes too much ressources , ca n't enable the antialiasing . 
  i suggest you to check http://playrust.com/, 
  it 's updated frequently ( every friday , they publish the dev log of the week ) , and you can see what is actually done with the game . 
  and it 's awesome . 
  sorry for not being a native english speaker . 
  done . 
  where is my prize ? 
  my friend gifted me bad rats . 
  guess we do n't have the same kind of friends . 
  dude resident evil 4 textures were better . 
  ( ok actually that was n't the same resolution at all . 
  i do n't care . 
  resident evil 4 ftw . ), 
  they need a lot of pixels to make so accurately awful textures . 
  pixel art master level . 
  that 's because the textures are so aweful that your vram just give up . 
  you need some more to take the relay . 
  yes . 
  and this is not a sarcastic yes . 
  with fps capped at 60 instead of 30 , i got ~ 45 , and it drop often to 30-35 . 
  when in a closed space , the game goes at ~ 70 maximum . 
  but hey , i do n't have an i7 , they told us it was necessary . 
  * keuf keuf *, 
  ( i wanted to write a little something , but i ended up spitting all my rage . 
  that was fun . 
  also , french here . 
  try to ignore all the stupid spelling mistakes ), 
  i 'm really disappointed . 
  i 'm a real fan of the resident evil licence , and i was actually hoping this game would be some kind of rebirth of the original survival/horror genre ( the real one , not that amnesia / outlast bullshit where you have to run everywhere and hide in fucking closets . 
  i want to play goddamnit , not just run for my life for 10 hours and get ends credits ) . 
  without talking about the poor port and graphics , the gameplay itself is a monumental fail . 
  at first , in a lot of scenes , i felt like they did n't tried to make a resident evil 4 successor , they copied resident evil 4 . 
  poorly . 
  but that 's not all . 
  that first bad guy you met when you find the gun ? 
  almost the exact same scene than the first zombie in resident evil 1 . 
  for fuck sake , you can use easter eggs in a game without just using the exact same fucking thing you used more than 15 years ago . 
  when i saw this scene , i did n't felt like `` ho , nice , a resident evil reference ! '' . 
  it was more them force-feeding me . 
  `` look at this . 
  take it in your face . 
  love it . 
  i 'm shinji mikami you got ta love this '' . 
  and you have that kind of thing every fucking 10 minutes . 
  it 's just pure copy pasta , you ca n't even tell if it 's intended or not . 
  the fights are horrible . 
  seriously , you want to aim ? 
  take that motherfucking 6500 % zoom in your face . 
  you can aim better if you have only there nose on your whole screen . 
  who the fuck though it was a good idea ? 
  ... what ?
