  hello , random furnitures accross the room !, 
  hello , fluffy dog !, 
  hello , snake !, 
  hello , k. . . wait . 
  snake ? 
  * we 've never heard of billy again . 
  i love you too . 
  they survived 10 days . 
  but damn , that was good . 
  stuck on a tree when i was young . 
  but i was smart . 
  very smart . 
  way more than anyone . 
  so i jumped and used my whole body to absorb the shock . 
  could n't feel the pain over the sensation of awesomness . 
  i do n't know if i 'm really answering the question but , the world of sword art online . 
  some fantasy thing , but as a video-game . 
  and on top of that , using some kind of wtf technology that can accelerate the way your brain works or whatever , so 1 second in real life makes like 1 hour in the game . 
  please science . 
  please . 
  we just hate the show as much as the show hates `` geeks '' , `` nerds '' , and all the communities existing inside of these two main circles . 
  is reciprocal love . 
  '' - you do realize that downvoting is supposed to have nothing to do with your personal opinion . 
  you do n't care ? 
  well , fuck you then . '', 
  a 20y girl . 
  crocodile . 
  i 'm french , it 's the exact same word . 
  i used to say `` crocrodile '' . 
  ( notice the extra r ), 
  hack their nudes on icloud . 
  like porn , it 's the best kind . 
  when i found out the `` ebola-chan '' thing from 4chan . 
  2014 , welcome in our society , where selling your body over the internet is a perfectly normal thing to do to gain money and make studies . 
  what the fuck , guys . 
  what the fuck . 
  edit : ok , since most of people downvoting me seems fucking retarted , i 'll say it here : i 'm not saying what the fuck for the porn , use your goddamn brain . 
  i 'm saying that people have to rely to porn just to attempt studies . 
  a 20y girl without a head . 
  i woke up and walked down the stairs . 
  i just wanted to go to the kitchen and drink , i was thirsty as fuck . 
  i stopped middleway on the stairs , and i saw my parents deposing all our presents for me and my sister , quietly . 
  returned to bed . 
  was n't thirsty anymore . 
  my two hobbies : computers , and music . 
  both of them can be started with almost nothing , and cost a fuckload of money when you start to improve everything and buy multiple accessories . 
  your username is perfect . 
  i 'm not surprised . 
  like you just said , it always was , and will always be . 
  it 's the power of porn . 
  it 's just sad . 
  are you fucking retarted , you dense motherfucker ? 
  ( see , i can be aggressive too . ), 
  i 'm not talking about fucking porn , everyone know it 's been here for age , i 'm talking about the fact that people now talk openly of selling their body to their friends , for what ? 
  their studies . 
  their future . 
  their fucking goddamn future . 
  what the fuck is this world where you have to sell yourself to the world just to gain the right of attempting studies and work in the field your are interrested in later ? 
  fucking think before posting . 
  i do n't care about karma . 
  * sigh * there is a fuckload of words between english and french with just a single letter missing . 
  i never know when i 'm doing it right or not . 
  should have googled it . 
  thanks . 
  sorry if i disappoint you . 
  i hate motion blur . 
  dude , your poor eyes ... 
  the screen is way too close . 
  same here . 
  i can take care of myself , that 's ok , but getting rid of the $ 30,000 debt i got simply from my studies would just literally change everything . 
  my boner is totally indicating me how to feel about that . 
  flawless logic incoming :, 
  what ? 
  more mods for more damages ? 
  more mods = more demanding, 
  more demanding = better pc needed, 
  better pc needed = more money needed . 
  conslusion :, 
  more money = more damages on skyrim, 
  skyrim confirmed pay to win . 
  i know . 
  thanks . 
  france :, 
  +300 % flirt ( with foreigner ), 
  +100 % racism, 
  +150 % military discipline, 
  -200 % respect from other countries, 
  10 % chance each day to roll a d20 . 
  for 5 or less , you start a strike at your workplace . 
  i like the fact that even is the scene is very symmetrical , both the pillar ( who simply appear to be , even if they are the same ) and the chandelier ( hope it 's the right word =p ) are bigger on littlefinger 's side . 
  what the actual fuck is that ? 
  i mean , thank you . 
  probably . 
  that sound like a magic spell . 
  yup , french here , 350 $ for the msi 970 . 
  damn taxes . 
  but hey , it 's still a low price for the performances . 
  ca n't wait to receive mine . 
  steam , or the magic to make you think you saved money when you actually just bought something you would never buy without sales . 
  ( just to be clear , i 'm not saying it 's a bad thing , and that pack is awesome .
