  turned out it was multiple students . 
  well , at least she 'll be pretty sure that the hired guy will not drown every goddamn child who cross his path . 
  black people are easier to kill . 
  the best part about waking up ( for straight guys ) : realizing you are in bed with a 7 + / 10 girl when waking up after a party . 
  the worst part about waking up ( for ex-straight guys ) : realizing you are in bed with a 7 - / 10 guy when waking up after a party . 
  the neutral part about waking up ( for guy who definitly need to stop drinking ) : realizing you are in bed with a 7 + / 10 girl and a 7 - / 10 guy when waking up after a party . 
  the last one is a true story . 
  i stopped drinking right after that . 
  old milk . 
  did n't paid attention , went straight to the fridge , took the bottle , bottoms up . 
  it was very thick , and absolutely aweful . 
  throw up right after that then became sick for the rest of the week . 
  good days, 
  think i 'll go on redtube instead of pornhub , today . 
  that ca n't hurt . 
  had a test tube with a cholera bacterial strain ( reduced , of course , but still ) spilled on me by my friend/classmate . 
  i panicked like hell . 
  for unknown reason , i was the only one of the 13 people in the class who did n't get sick , even those who where pretty far away from me got the power diarrhea 9000 . 
  the universe . 
  so , a young porn actress , a peasant , a godly porn actress , and a milf porn actress . 
  nice . 
  no , i went `` let 's drink the whole shit in 2 seconds '' mode , like i always do with milk . 
  that 's why i was able to take like 3 sip before realizing i 've made a huge mistake . 
  / u/pushcartpops , living the dream . 
  i do n't know if that works , but bacon , so take my upvote . 
  kansas - carry on wayward son, 
  supernatural . 
  ca n't be undone . 
  invest in one of the 543 easy occasion to be rich i missed on my life . 
  buy milkshake , become squirtle . 
  that 's pretty much a win at 7 . 
  i yelled at a tetraplegic . 
  but i was n't the insensitive one in this story . 
  this . 
  well , like i said , i 've cleaned up everything in the tower . 
  every fan , every component . 
  i 'm pretty sure the thermal paste is applied correctly ( and i do n't have any more paste =( ) . 
  i looked www.youtube.com/watch?v=cdniqmf3f38 to see how it was supposed to be , i made something as nice as in the video . 
   for the record , the computer have almost 3 years . 
  the gpu is a 560ti . 
  pretty old , but totally cleaned with fresh thermal paste . 
  that 's why i 'm asking what else can make a gpu overheat . 
  already done , my fan does n't seems to do much . 
  i can hear him go crazy , but the temperature is like `` fuck you '' . 
  do n't bring back these kind of memories . 
  please . 
  i 'm wet now . 
  i 'm a man . 
  yeah , i tried to do some underclocking with msi afterburner , the temp reduced barely by 5-10 \u00b0 , before going up again like 10 minutes after ( and bluecreen , yay . ) . 
  so the only difference was that my games were at 10fps instead of 60 + like usual ( yeah , when i say that i underclock something , i 'm not joking , i insta turned my gt 560ti into \u00e0 goddamn hd 5450 ) . 
  i 'm scared too , as a broke student , without my gpu , i 'm actually fucked because i ca n't even buy a cheap one to replace it . 
  ( and i would n't want to replace my mighty gpu with some low cost shit anyway ), 
  i do n't think the psu is going crazy , because would n't that affect the rest of the computer ? 
  only my gpu seems to have heating issue . 
  the rest still works fine . 
  my faith is tested today , but i 'll face the adversity with a smile , knowing that gaben is watching me . 
  how to train your dragon 2 , that old lady with all her little dragons . 
  shit must be intense . 
  definitely . 
  easter eggs ? 
  how can you recognized references to a potential world we do n't know ? 
  our whole world itself could be an easter egg and we could n't see it !, 
  space simulation and guitar . 
  one day , the nasa will recruit me , and i will play still loving you in zero-g . 
  this day , i 'll know that my life is complete . 
  myself . 
  that 's was the deep answer of the day , thanks everyone , i 'm out . 
  came here to answer that . 
  take my upvote . 
   warning : searching for this planet will crash your game . 
  so the day were curiosity kills me has finally arrived ... 
  the warranty is n't working anymore . 
  by chance , do you have any advice for me , how to check the integrity of the psu ? 
  if it 's indeed that part who power my gpu , is there any way to repair it easily ? 
  simply the people who do n't realize that they are in a game , that i do n't care about them or their life , and i 'll forget everything about them and whatever they said the moment i close the game . 
  just shut the fuck up and enjoy the goddamn game , you morons . 
  you a stupid hoe . 
  more space !, 
  woooooh !, 
  dude , where 's my car ? 
  ... fuck , this is the actual name . 
  24 , single , with a 3 years old kid . 
  works as a hairdresser , only as an assistant . 
  you have to be upvoted . 
  i know it 's not easy to understand at first , so i 'll give you an exemple :, 
  here , take my upvote . 
  fly , my friend . 
  fly . 
  activision . 
  they are not evil , they are just good at marketing . 
  there goal is to make money , why are we blaming them for that ? 
  lol jk activision scrubs git rekt, 
  a brother is a brother , even if he 's spending money for nothing but pretty lights and self-satisfaction . 
  we 're not here to tell people how they should spend their money . 
  it 's their . 
  technically , an alienware can easily be high end . 
  the only problem is it comes with high fucking price from hell too . 
  the alienware laptop have a nice cooling system , thought , it 's nice to play with a 780m sli with a computer still cold . 
  but i do n't think it 's worth the 1500 extra dollars . 
  asus laptop are excellent !,
