  but i just love how people brag how much money they have saved with their 300 games library . 
  even at ( very ) cheap price , this is not how saving works . 
  at all . ), 
  she needs only one controller . 
  and i will gladly let her play with it . 
  ebola, 
  eat ? 
  man , he designed it . 
   i hate consoles with a fiery passion, 
  i do n't understand that idea . 
  how can you hate consoles ? 
  did a console kill your parents when you where little or something ? 
  we should hate the console industry , not the console themselves . 
  sure , is pretty shitty and expensive , but hey , people have fun with it . 
  and playing with your friends on a console , especially party games on the wii u , is pretty damn awesome . 
  ( i see you coming with your `` ever heard of lan party ? 
  '' , i 'll just let you think about it and realize that it 's a stupid argument . ), 
  remember this is not a community about hating . 
  little reminder :, 
   this is not a satirical or circlejerk subreddit nor did it start as one . 
  this is a normal subreddit with satirical & circlejerk humor elements . 
  we taunt and have fun by saying that console are shitty because they are . 
  but that should be all . 
   i hope none of this will make it sound otherwise, 
  what do you think will happen ? 
  we will find you and lynch you ? 
  enough with this hate thing , and stay with the basics : pc is superior on every point , and put consoles 6 feet underground . 
  it 's a fact . 
  but console do n't have to be a `` three year-olds toy '' which we are supposed to hate and discriminate everyone using them . 
  emulation is one of my favorite thing with pc . 
  `` ho dude , remember that awesome game on snes/megadrive/gba / ps2/wii/every-fucking-else ? 
  well let 's play it with improved graphics / framerate and all the cool things an emulator can do . '', 
  obviously , there is still everything else the others comments mentioned , but being able to play consoles oldies with improved conditions extremely easily is just absolutely amazing . 
  that 's an amazing lot of words just to express the fact that you are mad about exclusives . 
  useless , expensive , and only to show off like a douche . 
  i 'll take two . 
  [ done . 
  just tell them you are willing to spend $ 36,800 on their website , i 'm pretty sure they do n't care about the limit . 
  a child ? 
  i just explain that we should n't hate . 
  you even downvoted me for that . 
  and i 'm the child ? 
  you are way over your head , dude . 
  i think you are in fucking space right now . 
  if the pentagon is searching for someone that could advise them for the next zombie apocalypse , i 'm their man . 
  the round shape of the sticks make me think about another parts of my genitals . 
   what ? 
  no , i did n't downvote you . 
  sure thing you did . 
   what 's worse , hating somebody , or depriving them of something ? 
  i 'll go with hating somebody thinking that a community minding her own business is the source of all your problems . 
   you can go ahead and pretend to be the `` chill '' person here , but in the end all you 're doing is making a fool of yourself because you ca n't approach somebody 's statement without spewing pedantic bs in an attempt to discredit them out of nothing . 
  i 'm not pretending anything , just answering to somebody who is apparently very angry for nothing else than `` i want more games on my computer '' . 
  we are talking about exclusives , so why do n't you just go and play on console just for these games ? 
  ho , it 's better on your pc ? 
  i thought a game was a piece of art capable of changing your life . 
  did n't knew you had to be on pc for that . 
  or it 's the price ? 
  you want to play at games you ca n't afford because of the console price ? 
  i get it , the problem is not the exclusives . 
  it 's simply the fact that you are that kid in kindergarten who wants to play with everyone toy and will cry if we deny him it . 
  i sincerely hope you 're 17 . 
  because otherwise , you have serious issues . 
  i came . 
   you just used the `` go buy it '' excuse . 
  i 'm just giving you a solution . 
  i just think it 's better than crying and spend your time on hate . 
  3 good words on this subreddit will not change the way sony or microsoft act , same as the big video games development studio . 
  you spread the good word ? 
  nice , i ca n't wait to see how you changed our society . 
   you are a console shill and do not belong in this subreddit, 
  i feel ... like , so insulted right now . 
  omg . 
  i 'm gon na tweet right now how rekt i am . 
  i do n't even own any console myself . 
   i 'm sorry if i do n't have $ 400 to spare that i 'm already not saving for a pc component , bills , and debts . 
  pc component are obviously more important than bills and debts , especially with your current rig . 
   saying `` go out and buy a console to pay exclusives '' is exactly what every shill says when confronted with this argument . 
  well , yes , you are crying like the little bitch you are about these , when you can just do n't care and play the fuckload of games already on pc , or that you can emulate . 
  there is enough for a fucking life time , but you are still crying because you do n't have destiny ? 
   you just condemned every person in this subreddit who does n't own a console . 
  every single one . 
  you just , in an off-beat way , called them poor or too young to earn a living . 
  i was just offering this `` outrageous '' solution to you because you are whining . 
  most people on this subreddit are intelligent and civilized enough to know that we have access to everything we need to forget some shitty console exclusives . 
   you , good sir , are an asshole . 
  you , good sir , are an idiot . 
  sorry dude . 
  just woke up with a serious hangover and lack of sleep . 
  i have on hell of an headache . 
  nice shit i just wrote , pretty impressed that i can still write english while drunk . 
  i had a good laugh re-reading all this . 
  i do n't know yet if i 'm a moron or a genius , i 'll be right back at you when i figure it out . 
  anyway , time to go to work . 
  this will be an awesome monday . 
  fuck my head ... 
  i fucking love kuzco.and this is one of the greatest gifs i have ever seen . 
  just add some red on your daughter 's legs . 
  little girl on periods wins every time . 
  i do n't think you realize how much money is $ 1,000,000 .
