  boy they are falling way faster than i expected . 
  [ ] ( #approved ), 
  you just found a peasant house , congratulation . 
  what an adorable little nope . 
  tl ; dr : do n't mess with gipsy brad pitt . 
  thank mr skeltal, 
  you have some bionic eyes if you are able to see someone camouflaged just by looking for him . 
  a very still man with a real camouflage is nearly invisible . 
  if his camouflage is actually a box , he 's totally invisible . 
  i made my own version :, 
  dear devs ,, 
  fuck you . 
  i agree , but on this day , ubisoft have absolutely no respect for us . 
  i do n't see why i should keep it civilized . 
  i never insulted or raged on big studio like ubisoft , ea , activision , or anything . 
  i knew they were horrible and shit , but i can take it , no problem . 
  but what ubisoft just said ... they do n't deserve respect . 
  they do n't deserve forgiveness . 
  they just proved one and for all they were just a bunch of retards . 
  all of this has nothing verified , but i just came a little anyway . 
  i hope so . 
  that 's why i 'm talking about all ubisoft as a `` bunch of retards '' . 
  the dude is representing the whole studio and the only way to make them/him understand how fucked up it is , is to treat the entire studio as faulty , even if these are the word of one man . 
  yeah , i 've heard of wc3 coming to bnet . 
  god , i 'm feeling over excited for nothing right now , just by thinking about the possibility of wc4 . 
  dude there is a fuckload of repost right now about it =d, 
  ubisoft is actually justifying the 30fps limitation of ac : unity by the biggest bullshit ever : 60 is weird and unrealistic , not a good way to make games , and 30fps is needed for cinematic feel ( yes , they actually said that ) . 
  the main thing is just : ubisoft is taking 10 steps backward , and expect us to cheer and follow them . 
  `` i do n't know who you fucked , but we do n't have any tech support '', 
  jump . 
  seriously , my retarted friends already jumped so many time in the elevator , i lost count of how many time i saw my whole life before my eyes , and then the doors opened . 
  i 'm actually kinda surprised . 
  and disappointed . 
  where is the gold ? 
  damn you guys are stingy . 
  edit : it 's a joke . 
  yes . 
  but the thing is we do n't want to play a cinematic . 
  please tell me this is flair worthy . 
  this is an horrible let down for me . 
  that was the only game i ever wanted to buy from ubisoft before launch . 
  not that i like assassin 's creed , i only played ac1 and ac3 , and it was `` meh '' . 
  but as a french , playing during the french revolution promised to be cool , and i was curious . 
  well :, 
  nope . 
  nope , nope , nope . 
  i keep that in mind , and i will try them . 
  one day . 
  thanks . 
  i know , but unfortunately i 'm really short on money right now . 
  that will have to wait !, 
  i personally fixed it by forcing the v-sync and the triple buffering in the nvidia panel . 
  * meanwhile , people are going crazy over the ffxiii port on pc ... *, 
  i 'm actually happy with the game . 
  the only thing missing is the 1080p resolution , but honestly , with a forced aa and af , some tweaks in the nvidia panel , the game is perfectly enjoyable and i quickly forget about the resolution . 
  i paid 12 $ to play ffxiii on pc , and that 's exactly what i 'm doing , it run smoothly , looks good thanks to nvidia , with an almost constant 60fps , so ... 
  i 'm happy . 
  same as ffvii and ffviii , it 's far to be perfect , but i can play it on pc , and this is amazing . 
  being able to play the game is n't the bare minimum ? 
  damn , and i 'm sitting here , wrongly enjoying a game i should n't enjoy . 
  thanks mate , you opened my eyes . 
   most final fantasy fans were able to enjoy the game years ago mate . 
  not natively on pc . 
  and , i do n't have the right to enjoy them now ? 
  is it too late ? 
  damn . 
  i played a lot of final fantasy on their original console , that does n't prevent me to enjoy them running natively on pc . 
  bad port ? 
  yes , but the fuck if i care . 
  i 'm saying that i actually enjoy the game . 
  who the fuck are you to tell me that 's wrong ? 
   i do n't know if you 're poor or something, 
  what the actual fuck . 
  are you completely retarted or something ? 
  yes . 
  wait no . 
  i do n't know . 
  this is the dumbest thing i ever heard . 
  do you even know how to make a point , or do you work at ubisoft ? 
   i work in the film industry , i think i know what i 'm talking about . 
  by comparing the framerate on a computer , and on a movie ? 
  you sure seems to know the subject . 
  this is so slow even the flames will be cold . 
  toothless is one of the symbols of the master race . 
  / u/nukeclears did n't just created some gifs , but a fuckload of original content and a new funny sub-religion . 
  you ca n't get rid of this . 
  some people are just jealous , and wanted to do something . 
  / u/nukeclears had some borderline answers to his detractors , and they used it against him : they realized his anger management was obviously not maxed . 
  they now use this to push him out of this subreddit . 
  well , no . 
  / u/nukeclears has every right in the world to stay here , and is an important member of this subreddit . 
  fuck everyone , and stay with us . 
  you deserve it . 
  i 'm one of the people who defend it . 
  for me , the real problem is the 720p resolution . 
  the rest is fine , and with 30 seconds in the nvidia panel , you will get aa , af , v-sync/triple buffering to get rid of the stuttering , and everything run smoothly at 60fps . 
  so yeah , it 's a bad port and seems like a joke , but it 's still perfectly playable , with a good quality ( seriously guys , launch the game and see for yourself ) . 
  we had way worst ( dark souls 1 will stay in our mind for a long time ... ) . 
  so , the port is bad , but not as much as people says . 
  except for the escap key .
