  darude - sandstorm, 
  exchangism, 
  the ability to make any phone vibrate / make a sound notification for nothing . 
  making an aweful lot of racist jokes . 
  i bought the game for me and my best friend at the same time , wanted to give him a smile . 
  120 $ , as a student , my wallet is still crying and i 'll probably wo n't eat everyday for the last two weeks of the month , but this is definitly the best thing i could have done with my money anyway . 
  [ no regerts ] ( http://resources1.news.com.au/images/2014/01/07/1226796/700713-34e6b144-6a0e-11e3-b1c2-12026a975936.jpg ) . 
  edit : gold ?!, 
  well , thank you , kind stranger . 
  hitler 's art teacher . 
  tree fiddy . 
  because everyone know this is the most hilarious thing in 2014 . 
  are you telling me i 'm not the only one who enter / leave the hangar in loop for 30 minutes without undocking , yelling `` i haz a spaceship whoo '' ? 
  i sit in the same bad position while on my computer for more than 18 years now . 
  i 'm usually surprised , so i punch them in the face . 
  i react pretty badly to surprise . 
  1 / open the fridge, 
  2 / take random ingredients from the fridge, 
  3 / close the fridge, 
  4 / take random spices / salt / pepper , write each one name on a piece of papper , play lottery with them , use the winning ingredient . 
  5 / cook whatever you took from the fridge . 
  6 / use a wooden spoon . 
  i do n't care what the fuck are you doing , just use a wooden spoon . 
  it 's naturally impregnated with grandma cooking power . 
  7 / put the spices . 
  8 / eat . 
  food is probably disgusting , add salt . 
  9 / you can know eat . 
  10 / enjoy it because you cooked it , it 's your baby , and who care what does it taste . 
  just happiness . 
  how you can hold on your current situation . 
  that means it 's pretty different for everyone . 
  some people while prefer having a super good job , lot of money , big house , being active socially , while some others while feel a lot more comfortable in closed space , lot of free time , wo n't be after money , etc. 
  the essential thing is , just be sure you can enjoy what you have . 
  life is not a game , there is no objectives , no achievements , no end-game bosses ( beside your stepmother ) . 
  if you want to eat pizza everyday , never clean your appartment , play all day , and it pleases you ... well , that is a good quality of life , since you enjoy it . 
  just be sure you do n't ruin others people life quality , you have no right for that . 
  yes . 
  using new technologies to play games . 
  never save on the same slot . 
  you might want to come back 3 or 4 saves ago sometime . 
  also , keep one save at 2y/o . 
  you might not like the answer , dude . 
  it 's a self-generating forum , evolving in the direction given by users . 
  you want to discuss about something , reddit is certainly the best place to go , there will always be someone who will answer you . 
  also , full of dickheads , myself included . 
  i fell like i 've read something similar a thousand of times . 
  `` you are wrong . 
  you do n't believe them , but you should believe me . 
  you are wrong . '', 
  the only thing i can tell is you wo n't become batman . 
  reading peoples minds . 
  1 / obtain the power, 
  2 / read 2 or 3 peoples minds . 
  3 / finish your life in an asylum . 
  you sick bastard . 
  in about 40-50 years , my old classmates will have the age of becoming president . 
  `` ho , what 's this cool red button ? '', 
  it was an obscure joke . 
  if it 's an inherent liar , it could have been you , lying as always as pretenting to be someone else . 
  but if we do n't know you , that 's even better , you can lie to us ( you will obviously do it anyway , since you 're an inherent liar ) and we ca n't even tell . 
  you ai n't fooling me yo . 
  you sick bastard . 
  let 's take the opposite , since you are obviously lying . 
  `` i know , i totally see a point to lying to people on the internet , or in real life for that matter . '', 
  i knew it, 
  ... do n't worry dude , i 'm just fucking with you . 
  there is some deep shit going on here . 
  i ca n't lie , and you just prove it be saying i could lie . 
  we all now here you are an inherent liar , so it 's obviously false , and i could n't lie . 
  because i 'm at work . 
  thought , i 'm not sure that 's a good reason . 
  ( i 'm sorry for every syntax / grammar mistakes ), 
  4 years ago . 
  my mom work in an hospital , and got me a student job for the summer here . 
  during the job , i had another job interview for ... well , a real job . 
  i asked permission to my boss , he said of course , and here i go , taking the train to another city for this job interview . 
  just so you know , that was a massive fail . 
  anyway , i was supposed to take the train again the morning after , at 5am , to be at time to work , but i missed it because i. . . well ... had too much good time with my gf at this moment . 
  obviously , i was in luck , and there was a strike going on with the society that takes care of the train . 
  the next one was again , the morning after at 5am . 
  i did n't miss it , this time . 
  the problem is , my parents were furious ( like really furious ) because i missed one day and it was bad for my mothers reputation in the hospital ( seriously , nobody care about that , chill ) . 
  after that , everything was normal . 
  except for one thing . 
  4 years after , at this very day , my parents believe ( i do n't know when they started to believe that ) that i never returned , staying with my girlfriend and missing the whole month of work i was supposed to have before finishing , and sometime bring it up . 
  `` hey , remember when you just fucked us by never showing up at work nor come back to the house for 6 month ? '', 
  fuck you , that never happened . 
  that 's why sao is good : it have everything . 
  one day i was 5 minutes late to a class . 
  the look of my teacher when i arrived , wow . 
  so intense . 
  happened to me only one time , for absolutely no reason , i was n't trying to . 
  was weird as fuck . 
  got scared , tried to move , succeeded , instant-regret when i realized that i would probably never have that again . 
   he has been questioned by the police but due to his socipathic lying, 
  fuck , being sociopath seems to give cool superpowers . 
  thinking . 
  ( and i 'm not saying that like it 's a good thing . ), 
  `` hey .
