  when you 're on your longchair , outside . 
  the temperature is absolutely perfect . 
  the air is just pure , you can breath and enjoy it . 
  you can hear the birds , the life surrounding you , the kids . 
  but this time , they do n't annoy you . 
  no , this time , you are just feeling just fine . 
  and you would like this to never end . 
  but at this very moment , it 's over . 
  you 're not as good as you where 2 seconds ago . 
  but you know that this feeling was like the best `` it 's good to be alive '' moment you ever had . 
  here in ~ ~ north ~ ~ ~ ~ best ~ ~ only korea , we do n't have any problems . 
  it did n't really affected me , i still live a pretty normal life and i 'm not bothered every 5 minutes by people who want to speak with a celebrity . 
  maybe it 's because i 'm absolutely not famous . 
  edit : downvoted my op , i believe . 
  next time , do n't forget the serious tag . 
  because i 'll be here , watching , waiting , and saying annoying shit . 
  like always . 
  my cat wanted to go out , so i was going to open the window . 
  at the second my hand touch the handle , the cat must have thought `` ho , he touched the window , it 's open now !, 
  '' , and he jumped . 
  boom . 
  then my cat sat silently on the sofa and did n't move for the next 2 hours . 
  probably a friend or two . 
  i could use a pizza right now . 
  i upvoted you . 
  everyone who browse reddit knows that upvote and gold are the true meaning of happiness . 
  dude , you can ask anything about everything , be the vessel of all the knowledge humanity have to share . 
  and you are asking if micro-penises are real . 
  god ... 
  also , yes . 
  * `` please tell me i can still use internet here . 
  shit dude , that 's some major retard case your cat got here . 
  i hope he 's alright and will still have a long life full of stupidity . 
  `` dude , can i borrow your girlfriend ? 
  i 'll return her with a full tank , do n't worry . '', 
  glass is very resistant , easy to wash , cheap to manufacture . 
  the scratch are easier to repair than on another material . 
  you 're worried that it will break ? 
  if you 're windshield take a hit strong enough to be broken , you should n't worry about the windshield , but for the guy just behind . 
  final fantasy vii : crisis core . 
  i cried like a little bitch at the end . 
  no regerts . 
  i realized way too late that reddit was also an amazing porn site . 
  i browse reddit . 
  supply price goes up . 
  edit : wait no, 
  edit 2 : no if there is a lot of demands so it 's not expensive . 
  edit 3 : yeah no , that means there is not enough product so it 's only for people who can pay . 
  the price goes up . 
  edit 4 : i 'm a smart guy, 
  death . 
  the idea of eternity . 
  i 'm seriously starting to feel bad just by writing this post . 
  that 's because i did n't knew how awesome was life then . 
  this man speak the word of god . 
  edit : why is everyone answering with cheesy puns ? 
  electricity . 
  but better than the guy who invented mosquitos . 
  if you 're a teacher , you 're the real mvp . 
  mastering this count definitly as an invention . 
  coal . 
  well , the chickens can be used as balloons . 
  that 's the spirit, 
  they do n't . 
  they supported me all my life , and i know they will always be here for me . 
  i love my parents . 
  yes . 
  it boost your water damages , and your heals are based on the damages you have in the heal element . 
  still a bad idea to put your points in that stat . 
  the smart is n't strong with this one, 
  crust if it 's hot . 
  no-crust if it 's cold . 
  i live by this simple rule . 
  it never failed me . 
  dude , my comment about the cheesy puns was a cheesy pun . 
  done . 
  i now have a 100 000cr bounty on my head for being a space-moron . 
  totally worth it . 
  i deserved the lesson . 
  i 'll never buy again a game in beta stage looking this awesome . 
  things can turn bad and the game can be actually awesome . 
  thanks for getting the reference . 
  portal 2, 
  [ how ?!, 
  ] ( http://www.terminally-incoherent.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2012/08/areyouawizard.png ), 
  but if there where an infinite number of universe , there must be some universe where travelling between universe is possible . 
  and there must at last one universe where someone visit us . 
  and another where someone visit us on a giant rainbow flying unicorn . 
  and another one where the fappening was with emma watson pics . 
  and another one where someone found how to miniaturize others universes and keep them in jars . 
  maybe we are in one of these jars . 
  but there must be one universe that know we , among others , are in this jar , and will come to liberate us . 
  there would also be an universe where we are aware and can communicate with others universe , and someone made a unireddit on the universnet , and the fappening happened on it , and an infinite number of galaxies were all fapping at the same time , elevating humanity to a whole new statut . 
  quantum physic is awesome . 
  only one man can kill reddit . 
  his name ? 
  albert einstein . 
  i went to that woman house . 
  she opened the door naked , and asked me to fix her pipes . 
  now that you are talking about movies , i 'm wondering who were these guys filming us .
