  just very large jeans , tracksuit , sarouel ... kind of things that does not stick at your legs . 
  i wish that the one who comment this gain the ability to travel in time and transform his condition into something positive . 
  but the only person who will not know and will never know is you . 
  but you lose any will to buy anything and decide to live a savage life into the amazonian forest . 
  but any alchohol transform into water when it comes in contact with your body . 
  but you become immortal , gaining each cancer and years prevented by this virus . 
  you live in a never-ending agony for the rest of eternity . 
  you da real mvp, 
   how could i retain the information i 've learnt ? 
  act like if it 's something you want to know . 
  you already know a lot of shits juste because you are interrested in them . 
  act the same way with studies . 
  do n't tell yourself : `` ho , ok , this dude made that this year . 
  '' , but : `` ho my god this dude made that this is amazing i fucking love history '' . 
  it 's pretty hard to think like that , but ... hey , you got ta love what you are studying for . 
  and it 's the most effective way to retain the information : just love what you are learning . 
  goddamnit riley you killed the joke . 
  now waiting for the movie . 
  i was downvoted for that . 
  apparently , you do n't fuck with jesus . 
  computers are just 0 and 1 . 
  if one day , you are tired enough to really go and live like a hobbit , take me with you . 
  please . 
  probably . 
  the single idea of wasting alchohol made some people cry and yell desperately , downvoting me in the process . 
  i can understand their pain . 
  i 'm sorry , guys . 
  i 'm waiting . 
  huge , huge shit incoming . 
  go to the toilet , * fuck yeah * . 
  finish , there was like only 1 little piece of toilet paper left . 
  i was fucked . 
  then i realized there was nothing on it after trying to wipe . 
  no toilet paper left , but the most amazing ghostly number 2 i ever took . 
  since then , my anus is my bronus . 
  yes . 
  three motherfucking time . 
  this ruined me , everytime . 
  i have no idea how to cope with something like that . 
  i have massive trust issues now , that annoy my gf a lot . 
  edit : just to clarify , they were n't my ex 's at the moment i saw them with the anothers guys . 
  i tried to use omegle with facerig , but people do n't seems to like it , everyone is skipping me . 
  so i did n't really meet anyone . 
  `` please go out with me or i burn your family . '', 
  * smile *, 
  i would have two elements , fire and water . 
  because i 'm calm and nice pretty much all the time , and go all super sayen angry mode in less than 2 seconds , just to be calm and nice again just after . 
  with a smile . 
  stephen hawking, 
  thanks , relevant username person . 
  fuck you nature . 
  tl ; dr : infinite infinite is infinite . 
  in france , we have a funny word : emmerder . 
  `` je t 'em merde '' means `` you can piss off '' , something like that . 
  but `` merde '' means `` shit '' , and `` emmerder '' could be litteraly be taken as `` filling with shit '' . 
  always found that word funny , if took out of its context . 
  it gives us `` je t 'em merde '' -  `` i fill you with shit '' . 
  `` capitalize every first letter of your words '', 
  i think you are taking `` title '' a bit too literally . 
  it should be for a movie , a book , a video-game , or whatever . 
  not for a goddamn question . 
  thanks , captain . 
  ca n't believe you are so selfish . 
  okay , but i want it to be a metal musical . 
  recruiting crew for it now , pm me . 
  talking to me . 
  actually , real talk , without me asking or trying to get close . 
  shit was magic . 
  `` when do we eat ? 
  when do we eat ? 
  when do we eat ? 
  when do we eat ? 
  when do we eat ? 
  when do we eat ? 
  when do we eat ? 
  when do we eat ? 
  when do we eat ? 
  when do we eat ? 
  when do we eat ? 
  when do we eat ? 
  when do we eat ? 
  when do we eat ? 
  when do we eat ? '', 
  fuck we just missed september . 
  well , let 's try again next year . 
  so ... you loved the fact that he just dumped his trash into your locker ? 
  fuck i did high school romance wrong the whole time . 
  that 's ok . 
  i 'm an asshole now , everything is better . 
  / u/start0vah you can go out with me now ~ ~ please ~ ~ . 
  antidisestablishmentarianism . 
  antidestablishmen , tai, 
  antididestablishmentatianism, 
  antidisestablishmentarianism . 
  ( ho hey i got this one ), 
  antididisestyanlshmentaian, 
   his chest touched my shoulder !!!, 
  well , if my crush touched my without purpose , i would have been the happiest guy ever for the next 3 weeks , so ... i understand . 
  i actually do n't try to divide the world like that . 
  god that makes thing much easier .
