  reason : yell at the teacher `` fuck are you trying to kill me there is no way i 'm going up there fuck you '' . 
  i do n't like heights . 
  hard question . 
  it depend the type of mmo you are talking about . 
  because you say `` it was n't wow '' , but ... yeah , it was totally wow who set the bar for others of his own genre . 
  simply the physical education class in highschool . 
  that year , it was endurance , climbing , and handball . 
  dude , i 'm not taking climbing class if i 'm afraid of heights . 
  gave me life . 
  which is kinda cool . 
  thanks mum . 
  but we are not talking about originality and game concept , but overall quality ( that 's what i understand by `` set the bar '' ) . 
  and if there was a lot of awesome mmo way before wow , it still had a level of finition way superior , and the awesome thing was that the game gave us hardcore element while being a lot more accessible for casuals than others mmo . 
  of course , it has changed a lot ( and is , basically , pretty shitty now . 
  ) , but it was something way above the `` normal '' quality for a mmo when it came out . 
  every day i had that class , i would go and sit there . 
  the teacher would tell me every fucking time `` i 'll give you zero if you do n't climb '' , and every single time i would just look at him and smile . 
  ok , i understand you have something against wow , but i 'll ask you to stop the hate train , and stop downvoting all of my post just because you disagree . 
  read the reddit rules , thanks . 
  and basically , even if it 's just `` brought a bunch of bars together '' , it 's still the first one to do it ( and in a successful way ) , leading the market with a very complete game who will be copied for years to come . 
  how can you possibly say this is not a standard ? 
  face them ? 
  boy i ai n't facing anything , i just run like hell . 
   you assume that it is me downvoting you, 
  i assume it 's the one reacting badly to my comments . 
  if it 's not you , that 's ok , i just hope the one who did it take time to read the goddamn rules . 
   about your opinion , because it is wrong, 
  fuck you . 
   second , your opinion is wrong, 
  fuck you . 
  that 's the principle of an opinion , it 's mine . 
  it does n't mean it 's wrong . 
   just because you sit around circle jerking with your `` online friends '' about the great and powerful wow does n't make it right, 
  fuck you . 
  i do n't play wow . 
  i do n't like wow . 
  i just have a brain that prevent me to jump on the hate wagon and be blind to goddamn facts . 
   the fact is when wow came out it was n't that popular , it became popular with word of mouth , and free subscriptions, 
  fuck you . 
  so the beta was n't overhyped and it was n't one of the most waited mmo of all time . 
  sure . 
   that is why it became popular , it was like the crack dealer giving out free samples , this was a concept never tried before wow . 
  fuck you . 
  you do realize that free trial did n't existed at first ? 
   first there are no rules for voting , they can downvote you just because they do n't like your name . 
  so you definitely never read the rules and continue to made facts from thin air `` ho , rules never existed , i can downvote you for your name '' , do you even check things before opening your goddamn mouth , or are you just too stupid ? 
  that 's particular concepts . 
  i will obviously not say `` ban divorce '' , this is stupid . 
  but you do realize that divorce will most probably have an influence on the kid ? 
  it 's not the same domain that why i 'm against adoption . 
  i invite you to [ read my other answer ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2hvxyg/serious_whats_a_controversial_opinion_you_have/ckwi1uq?context=3 ) , i do n't know if this thread hide them to you . 
  i hope it will help to understand a bit more why i 'm saying that . 
  no thanks . 
   you sir have a low iq and a small vocabulary, 
  i do n't know what is my iq doing here , and my small vocabulary is due to the simple fact that 's i 'm french . 
  do you have a low vocabulary because you ca n't understand french ? 
  that 's stupid reasoning . 
   the `` rules '' you keep referring to are general guidelines and impossible to enforce because the admins of reddit give less of a shit about them than you do . 
  so basically , fuck the rules because nobody follow them ? 
  the reddit community should be proud to have you . 
  i guess the way we see it depend of our country . 
  i have 2 friends who have divorced parents , one of them since he was young ( i do n't know , maybe 8 or 9 , something like that ) , another one when he was 18 , i can tell you that it affected them . 
  i , personally , do n't find divorce `` common '' , and i do n't know anyone in my surrounding who think that way . 
  again , it 's most probably due to education and the way it 's seen in our country . 
  it 's a bit sad that people now seems to consider divorce like something `` normal '' and without consequences . 
  no wonder why people tend to marry quickly and then separate , it 's not even `` important '' anymore . 
  i do n't see how it 's similar to the stay-at-home mom . 
  you speak about `` social attitude '' , but i think there is a difference between being open-minded , and saying `` fuck '' to every rules established in our society . 
  thinking that a woman should stay home is stupid . 
  same as thinking that consequences does n't matter as long as people are `` free '' to do whatever they want . 
  and in my case , having a kid living the separation of his own parents is kind of a heavy consequence . 
  are you aware that a significant amount of childs are put to their grand-parents , or even adoption because of people having a kid without thinking , then immediately divorce ? 
  that 's kind of fucked-up , in my opinion , and should n't be some kind of social norm . 
  i 'm 24 , i live my own life , but if my parents were to divorce i would be profoundly affected , i can tell you that . 
  do you value the two clicks it saves you at $ 0.01 ? 
  if yes , you can take it . 
  this would be the funniest shit ever . 
  sorry bud , i have to tell you that you already own half a million to your bank . 
  hope you are at least challenger for that price . 
  this is absolutely amazing . 
  i ca n't believe how generous can be some people . 
  people , please put your hands in the air and lend me your strength . 
  i 'm going to do the biggest genki upvote of all time . 
  that dude ( yeah , that guy ) stop stealing every girl i try to flirt with . 
  got murdered by a ghost , who was himself murdered by a ghost . 
  i 'm actually searching for someone willing to be killed and continue the cycle . 
  dude no, 
  * looks at his 8 years old self *, 
  `` dude , for now , you totally suck . 
  but look at me . 
  see that beautiful piece of awesomeness ? 
  that is future you . 
  that 's it . 
  do n't try to force anything , and stop caring about the others . 
  everything will be better . 
  everything . '', 
  ladybugs are freaking beetles, 
  a bit hard to use , i admit . 
  i love very large pants , i feel free in these . 
  i 'm not talking about a baggy hanging under your ass .
