  ( or any other change that can make it useful again ) . 
  impossible to connect for the past 30 minutes . 
  am i the only one now ? 
  i see people play without problem in my friend list ... i tried restarting steam a few time , no change . 
  i got ysera / rag / cairne without using money . 
  my girlfriend was probably gangbanged while i was opening the boosters , but it was worth it . 
  what joomiz said . 
  i play das1 with the dsfix and a ps3 controller ( using the `` better ds3 '' software ) , the game is amazingly good looking , with 60fps , and perfectly playable . 
  it 's a shame that the base version of the game is pretty much fucked up , but the dsfix tool and a controller will change your life , and make this das1 pc version an amazing experience . 
  you should put a white back into the frame , and then put the posters . 
  try to get them perfectly in the center , and the result will be amazing . 
  fuck the handlocks , fuck the handlocks , fuck the handlocks , fuck the handlocks , fuck the handlocks , fuck the handlocks , fuck the handlocks , fuck the handlocks , fuck the handlocks , fuck the handlocks , fuck the handlocks , fuck the handlocks , fuck the handlocks , fuck the handlocks , fuck the handlocks , fuck the handlocks , fuck the handlocks , fuck the handlocks . 
  no , seriously . 
  fuck them . 
  who care about what is this post really about . 
  i see boobs . 
  boobs are greats . 
  hail to the boobs . 
  ( on a sidenote , obvious troll , bye . ), 
  none of the 3 characters you are talking about can be summoned by a warlock . 
  jaraxxus can , as we can see in wow , and instantly kills the summoner , because fuck it , he 's jaraxxus . 
  that 's why he replace the warlock when you play him in the game . 
  do want, 
  ho , i missed that , thanks . 
  edit : how can i be downvoted for thanking someone ? 
  seriously ? 
  it 's not about the slot , i do n't care , and i do n't think a lot of people care . 
  it 's just , the mechanic seems more logical to me . 
  that 's just my impression !, 
  i did n't noticed that = o what 's the exact time when this happen , please ? 
  in fact , the `` it 's raining hamburgers '' is the title in quebec . 
  in france , this movie is called `` temp\u00eate de boulettes g\u00e9antes '' , literally `` giant meatballs storm '' , something like that . 
  now , let reddit decide if you have natural elf boobs . 
  waiting for the pic . 
  `` you look young , that 's nice ! '', 
  `` thanks , fuck you now . '', 
  yeah , i hate that . 
  both are alpha games , and both are differents games . 
  for now , dayz is updated `` often '' , while rust studio choose to restart the game from scratch ( well , almost from scratch ) . 
  you can check here : playrust.com , and honestly , it look absolutely awesome . 
  i would not recommended dayz ( personal opinion ) , nor rust for the moment . 
  i suggest you to wait for the new rust version . 
  thanks , i now ... still have absolutely no idea how does that shit work . 
  source : i 'm not a smart guy . 
  they just outsmarted people like you who attend to those poor labels lives . 
  the hangover part 4 : nigga stole my giraffes . 
  so , did you give them a 23 years old pizza ? 
  since , two robbers have stopped their illegal activities and actively plays magic everyday with ob1fbm cards . 
  20 minutes later : `` shiiiit , dude ... how do magnets work ? '', 
  did he do it ? 
  imagine the possibilities !, 
  this morning , i was late , so i just took quickly random pants . 
  it smell moist . 
  now , i have this horrible smell following me . 
  being stuck in an elevator for 24 hours right now would be like a goddamn fatality in my face . 
  banana is obviously unnatural , and a creation from the devil himself . 
  look at the shape of a banana . 
  yup , that 's right . 
  and they comes from trees . 
  there is literally dildos trees out there . 
  how can that be natural ? 
  source : logic , motherf *** er . 
  kids . 
  basically , everything from a social media with `` challenge '' in the name is stupid . 
  so , it 's not about `` stupid or not '' , but more how much it is . 
  ( spoiler alert : a lot ), 
  thanks for the nsfw tag , asshole . 
  first of all , it 's called `` desktop '' , not `` deskotp '' . 
  and why , you 're asking ? 
  because your desktop is a part of your system configuration . 
  you want to delete a shortcut , it 'll change this configuration . 
  since you seems to be using the administrator account on your windows , like everyone ( because security is obviously overrated ) , you are changing directly the administrator configuration . 
  you want to change the administration configuration , you have to get the administrator permission . 
  this . 
  reddit should have an auto-gold system for everyone talking about weird al yankovic or one of his song . 
  depend on what it 'll be to be like it when it do be do be do . 
  basically , everything . 
  if anything irritating happen , even the smallest thing ever , i just go hulk-mode . 
  i wish i was a calm guy . 
  buco no pico . 
  sorry , someone had to do it . 
  this one . 
  i 'm gon na take a wild guess and say it did n't worked . 
  at least they are honnest with themselves . 
  do n't forget the holes in the box . 
  the economical situation and market value of crayfish farm in andalusia . 
  -- that , or what is he going to fuck today . 
  of course we think about the same stuff . 
  there is a chocolate bear inside all of us . 
  except in prison . 
  in that case , there are multiple chocolate bears inside you . 
  this as to be the worst hosting website i have ever seen . 
  and son , i have seen a lot of shitty websites . 
  what does unix have to do with jes - ... ho . 
  sure thing he did n't slow poked that tree . 
  miley cyrus, 
  well , it 's been millions of years now , so i believe they just died of old age . 
  i 'm not judging anyone by their music tastes . ^ i ` magoodguy ^ comeonreddit ^ givemegoldalready ^ guys ? ^ guys ? ^ fuck . 
  amazon is delivering cats now ? 
  great !,
