  public . 
  people will always have access to the github anyway , but the open beta will provide an installer for everyone to test easily , and give feedback . 
  yes . 
  kingdom heart =d, 
  yup , except i 'm pretty sure at this point '' trying '' is n't the word . 
  i 'm okay with '' lonely pathetic worm god '' . 
  ho , i 'm the second one to be killed on that gif , moon moon . 
  gratz dude , that was sick !, 
  some questions are better left unanswered . 
  and we had no idea what the fuck he was doing for the whole game . 
  we felt like he just wanted us to carry and win the game while he was following . 
  except we got rekt pretty bad . 
  my awp obviously gave you strenght for this round . 
  playing for team yp is literally my dream as a cs : go player , has been since they announced they wanted to be part of the e-sport scene . 
  i was waiting for them to move on cs : go . 
  also , looking at the main demographic of the game , it 's an amazing opportunity to spread awareness about sex and std to young people without being weird about it . 
  thanks for the giveaway op , awesome !, 
  and if there is too much people and you decide to go with higher numbers , i 'll go with 8620 o /, 
  `` 21 march 2014 '', 
  you failed us all , op . 
  i do n't think the minimum level requirement is a good idea . 
  maybe make the hard difficulty accessible only if you finished the map on normal beforehand when you play in solo / matchmaking , except if you are in a lobby with 3 friends ? 
  that could prevent new players to start a game in hard when they possibly do n't even know the map , without preventing people to have fun and trying harder difficulties when they are playing with friends . 
  smuggler 's den in hard is pretty quick and easy , good way to get some nice items . 
  i 'm wondering if the game will be only focused on the skavens , or if they have plans to add some dlc giving us the possibility to fight greenskins or else . 
  with the warhammer universe , there is a fuckload of possibilities . 
  i have no doubt they will add content anyway , i 'm just wondering on what it 'll be focused . 
  i just hope they wo n't make another game if they wanted to include other races to cut into pieces . 
  anyway , i ca n't wait to see what fatshark have in stock for us . 
  this game is great , so if a dev somehow read this : thanks , keep up the good work . 
  this world definitely need more good warhammer video games , and even if vermintide is perfectible it 's certainly going in the right direction . 
  cheers !, 
  amazing , thanks !, 
  yeah , but firing all your ammo at once at close range works pretty good . 
  sometime . 
  yeah , i 'm just wondering if they actually have any plan to add more races , and if so , how . 
  but it 's just curiosity , not some kind of request . 
  i 'm perfectly fine if the game stays focused on skavens , i 'm gon na spend countless hours on it anyway !, 
  i did n't tried any mission on nightmare yet , was afraid about the difficulty and i did n't wanted to be useless for my team , but i think i 'm definitely gon na try it after work !, 
  ho , i 'm gon na take a look at the ama , thanks !, 
  by any chance , do you have the link to that particular hint ? 
  i have the trinket that share the strength pot with nearby allies . 
  one time ( smuggler 's den , hard ) , i used it when all my teammates were close , and everyone unleashed hell with bomb and all on the big rat . 
  big rat got rekt in seconds , that was amazing . 
  hooo , thanks !, 
  that 's very nice !, 
  let 's hope the devs will take care of the game enough so it does n't get deserted , would be a real shame to lose a game with such a potential . 
  happy rats hunting everyone !, 
  hoooo, 
  that 's one hell of a promotion . 
  in french , `` dit '' -  `` says '' . 
  so `` re-says '' , as a way to indicate this is a platform where people can share everything that has been said somewhere , and to centralize it in one giant metaforum . 
  the extra `` d '' in the name between `` re '' and `` dit '' is just a friendly reminder about reddit 's true nature . 
  when you do n't have tv , you need other ways to entertain yourself . 
  i now have a million trains . 
  it 's okay . 
  i like trains . 
  except my life is now a nightmare . 
  how am i supposed to stash all these trains ? 
  it 's taking way too much space , i definitely ca n't pay for that . 
  and how many people are now dead crushed by my trains popping out of nowhere ? 
  how many proprieties have i destroyed ? 
  who would even want to buy my trains ? 
  i ca n't take it . 
  you ruined my life op . 
  shame on you . 
  the same thing we do every night , pinky . 
  i had a rat when i was younger . 
  one day , i opened the cage to let him wander around , as usual . 
  he jumped through the window , we lived at the 4th floor . 
  i think he was a gutter runner in training who failed his first jump . 
  rip jimmy, 
  pretty much any staff . 
  my favorite ranged weapon is definitely fire . 
  i 'm just running around , setting everything in flames and laughing like a madman . 
  i could read that kind of stuff all day . 
  is there anything online with a good reading format ( so , not the wiki ) to learn more while enjoying a story ? 
  websites with informations tends to just resume everything and it 's not really enjoyable as a book or something . 
  maybe even a good ebook ? 
  my and me sounds pretty close to meow , so i 'm guessing they can use these without difficulty . 
  i personally do both . 
  random maps for the sake of it , trying to complete everything , get achievements and the pretty banners in the tavern for completing all the mission in a particular difficulty ( will soon get my fourth one !, 
  ) , and exploit sometime when i 'm just feeling greedy for loots . 
  and that 's nice . 
  i do n't bother anybody , just do what i want to do . 
  i do n't understand all the people angry at exploits , re-runs of the same map again and again and all . 
  if you do n't wan na do that , just queue for something else ... ? 
  and do n't you dare tell me there is nobody playing on other maps , i personally never had a problem finding players . 
  just play the game how you want to play it , there is literally nothing preventing you to do so . 
  well , i 'm in !, 
  thanks for the giveaway , and congratz on your channel !, 
  `` it is so unfortunate that we could not accommodate you for the beta test this time since your registration was not processed in a timely manner . '', 
  logged in since the english website is up several months ago , i 'm confused . 
  what did i miss ? 
  i 'm here since the beginning , what did i do wrong ? 
  damn . 
  twice . 
  yes there is . 
  most used word : `` fuck '', 
  red hot chili peppers .
