  piracy is mostly a thing for badly distributed product , or hard to access from your country . 
  for exemple , i listen a lot of japanese music , and it 's pretty hard to find , so in these case i have to download these illegally . 
  it 's way more faster than searching 3 hours on google to realize you have to pay 30 $ for a 4 tracks album on a japanese website where i ca n't read shit . 
  for the rest , i can use spotify , it only cost me 10 $ and highly disagreeable comment from everyone because `` spotify do n't support the artist '' ( seriously , i do n't fucking care . 
  i will not use 2 hours of my time just to go on a store and buy a goddamn cd they might not have for 20 fucking bucks , when i can just make 2 click , pay less , and have one million more songs ) . 
  so ... how do i feel about music piracy ? 
  if you download illegally anything else than obscure and unfindable songs , you 're a dick , because it must be the cheapest and most easily accessible media right now . 
  my conception . 
  not being dead seems like a solid answer for me . 
  that guy name ? 
  albert einstein . 
  i would be a rock star . 
  i guess that 's one hell of an upgrade . 
  i would not comment . 
  i need my shitty opinions and jokes to be approved by you . 
  people need water , oxygen , or whatever to survive . 
  i need sweet sweet karma . 
  you 're gay . 
  except if you 're actually gay . 
  then , you 're an unassumed heterosexual . 
  if neither of these insult you , please think about something rude for you , and imagine me insulting you with that . 
  if you want to fuck with people , at least do it with style . 
  dude , you must have the most inspiring username of all time . 
  op , i know my feet are hairy , but damn , i 'm still far to be a goddamn hobbit !, 
  i met his ( now ex - ) girlfriend , playing wow , 7 years ago . 
  was on skype with her , then she had to afk for 2 minutes . 
  while she was n't there , he took the microphone . 
  '' - hey dude . 
  - hey dude . '', 
  ever since , this man is n't just my best-friend , but my brother . 
  `` do n't sneeze do n't sneeze do n't sneeze do n't sneeze do n't sneeze do n't sneeze do n't sneeze ... '', 
  it 'll be the same as always : repost . 
  our anthem is metal as fuck . 
  yeah , another black dude doing shitty and uninspired dance on a random show and ... 
  holy fuck this is amazing, 
  i can dream , harold, 
  i look very young . 
  i 'm 24 , and most people think i 'm between 16 and 17 . 
  god , even high schooler looks way older than me . 
  i went to this job interview for an internship , and the interviewer just looked at me , laughed at me , and said `` kid , just go and do some studies before trying to get a job ... ho god ... that 's why we need pictures and the resumes ... we 're done here . 
  just go to school . '', 
  i died a little in the inside . 
  7 years old . 
  was grounded during the break , and they let me alone in the classroom while everyone was playing outside ... my thought process was something like :, 
  * looks arounds him . 
  '' - well ... \\* * un-zip * \\* '', 
  that 's some class s combo you got here . 
  dude , re-read your title before posting . 
  seriously . 
  obscure joke , sorry . 
  dude , average and ugly people have feelings too . 
  yup . 
  i remember clearly where i was , and where i sat . 
  do n't ask me why , my brain seems to think this is an important moment to remember . 
  dude, 
  i just fell weird by thinking about the conversation with your family . 
  `` well , we met on a website for average people who are n't confident enough to play in the same `` league '' than handsome people . '', 
  the myth of the charming prince meeting the princess is getting hit pretty hard in the balls with your concept . 
  not that it 's wrong , hell , i could be a good idea . 
  but it sounds weird thought . 
  the greatest leader of all time , kim jong-un . 
  pretty much my whole life . 
  should i take your mother or your sister ? 
  what are you thinking when you are cooking ? 
  what are you thinking when you are watching tv ? 
  what are you thinking when you are doing sport ? 
  what are you thinking when you are at the grocery store ? 
  what are you thinking when you are fapping ? 
  ( ok no do n't answer this one . ), 
  what are you thinking when you are browsing facebook ? 
  what are you thinking when you are in class/at work ? 
  what were you thinking when you asked this stupid question ? 
  my fire extinguisher . 
  a motherfucking dragon . 
   any animal, 
  all fighters are actor . 
  it 's like a really big theatre company , doing their play on scene in the most metal , manly way . 
  probably the beard . 
  i can ask them `` one sex please '' and they give me one sex . 
  in france , yes . 
  same words . 
  je mange une orange orange . 
  this was not intended . 
  and it was a mistake from both pilots . 
  prost should have checked his blind spot instead of just giving a quick eye on his mirror , and nick move was totally stupid and dangerous . 
  ( and even if it 's funny , i believe that the fact there is very little noises did n't helped prost ), 
  i 'm glad to be downvoted by people and be answered `` wrong '' without any explanation . 
  i can totally see why i 'm in the wrong now , and walk the rest of my life enlighten by your light . 
  i may be wrong , but you are most certainly one of the biggest asshole i have ever seen . 
  i 'm kinda worried . 
  ok it 's cool to ask teenagers what they would do , but i 'm more interrested by where the fuck did i disappeared . 
  dude . 
  not cool . 
  to my best-friend :, 
  `` dude i 'm dying '', 
  `` dude where the fuck are you '', 
  `` dude stop fapping i 'm seri ... \\* bleuarg \\* . '', 
  all these fake accounts , with fat fedora dudes / fat radical feminist . 
  guys , you 're not funny . 
  you probably never have been funny in your whole life , and will probably never be .
