  this shit is an instant alt-f4 , who the fuck though it was a good idea . 
  yes it is . 
  the fact that you do n't accept it wo n't change anything . 
  ffxiii , or the art to disappoint everyone two times . 
  when it 's released , and when it 's released 5 years later on pc . 
  when i see these post , i feel kind of lucky . 
  i ordered it the september 27th , got it 4 days later . 
  everyone in this thread defending or sympathizing with / u/nukeclears are downvoted by either you , or the other kids you play with . 
  you are obviously not better . 
  yeah , i know , no proof , you will deny it , blablabla . 
  just fuck off . 
  that kind of group behaviour on everyone supporting / u/nukeclears should n't be tolerated . 
  you 're the cancer of the community . 
  you do n't like something ? 
  you shut the hell up and ignore it , like any adult should do . 
   one of the symbols, 
  obviously gaben is and will stay what mainly represent the master race . 
  that does n't mean we do n't have any other things that can represent or be associated with us . 
  praise toothless !, 
   calling people cancer, 
  calling the behaviour cancer , not the people , that 's a metaphor . 
  but that was poorly worded , my bad , sorry . 
   a filter seemed like the most reasonable solution, 
  filtering the whole content and work of a member ? 
  dude , do you realize of fucked up it is ? 
  you can just ignore it . 
  nobody is behind you , pointing a gun at your head and telling you `` click that motherfucking link '' . 
  i did n't even knew that . 
  double standard ? 
  i still think that filtering `` memes '' ( which appears on a very large scale , by a fuckload of members ) , and a single member content is absolutely not the same , and you can easily ignore that member content without making an open witch hunt and make absurd demands about a filter for one guy . 
  a symbol does n't have to be something known everywhere by people not familiar with our cause . 
  it can be simply something the member of the pc master race acknowledge . 
  if you met a guy with either a toothless or a gaben mousepad , you can be pretty sure he 's a member of the pc master race , the probability that it 's just a random mousepad is way too low . 
  and that is the meaning of a symbol , you recognize it , associate it with something . 
  here , toothless can easily associated with any member of the pc master race by either the person like me who like it , or the person like you who dislike it . 
  that is enough to make it a symbol of the master race . 
  no problems . 
  well , you download [ tampermonkey ] ( http://tampermonkey.net/ ) , and make yourself a script to filter them . 
  but a filter integrated is just plain wrong . 
  next time a trend comes out and annoy you , will you cry again for a filter , or man up a little ? 
   some of them indulge in flame wars because of the `` toothless '' memes . 
  that alone is reason enough to create a filter for those posts . 
  saying that way , the people seems to be the problem , not the posts . 
  innocent content against flaming guys . 
  there will always be someone wanting a game enough to buy it even with a shitty port . 
  one game , it 's nothing , right ? 
  but a lot of people are saying that every time a new shitty port comes out . 
  and that is enough to make a big success and make the developpers think they actually did a good job . 
   protesters in hong kong, 
  dude , that 's a bit extreme , we are talking about toothless content , not some governement shit about the human right or something ( yeah , i do n't really follow the news ) . 
  i 'm not saying it 's the whole community . 
  just , there is a lot of noise for almost nothing . 
  people are complaining , downvoting , and asking for a filter they could have done in 10 minutes themselves with a user script program as tampermonkey without annoying anyone . 
  i 'm pissed of , not because people do n't like toothless or anything . 
  i 'm pissed because people are making a drama for nothing because they wo n't just grow up and do their own solution ( which can be achieve extremely fast ) , and make a member leaves and do n't even feel sorry . 
  this is about some toothless content , it ended up by stigmatizing a member enough to make him feel bad , erase his work , and leave . 
  and all they do afterward ? 
  `` what a child '' . 
  it 's more `` moral '' , i think . 
  i mean , you are nukeclears . 
  you comes out with some content . 
  you put a lot of work in it . 
  some people do n't like it , but hey , who care , internet is a place of freedom . 
  and bam , you got a new filter , official , and everyone can just block the content and the trend you created . 
  so , because a group of people dos n't like what you 've done , there is officially a way to make you shut the hell up . 
  i do n't know if you understand what i 'm saying here , i 'm probably wording pretty badly and i 'm sorry . 
  but it 's all about the freedom of speech . 
  this should be as in real life . 
  you do n't like something , you come with your own way to avoid it , and do n't complain to everyone just hoping to make things change just because you wanted them to . 
  my mouse is still a broken razer abyssus , my keyboard is 7 years old with some keys broken . 
  but i was able to sell my soul against a gtx 970 , so i got that going for me which is nice . 
  the one you linked is a really good mouse , confortable and shit . 
  but it 's fragile , and the sensor can easily get a bit fucked up . 
  i also live in france , guess the delivery time is way lower for that . 
  two of them , actually . 
  the first one died after 1 year , the second one had her sensor fucked up and the mouse would n't work for 1-2 seconds if you get it off the mousepad , even for less than a second . 
  i love that goat lost between two post-apocalyptic worlds . 
  i always wanted to watercool my cat . 
  johnny bravo . 
  yeah , i do n't know what 's going on with square enix . 
  it 's still my favorite studio though , and i want to keep hope for the next releases . 
  i 'll be really disappointed the day an actual pc game ( and not a years old port ) comes out from them and is poorly made . 
  [ always deliver . 
  ssssh dude , do n't try to break the circle-jerk . 
  is this game blocked at 30fps on pc too ? 
  i did n't read anything about that game . 
  i was a bit curious about it since shinji mikami is part on it , but did n't searched anything about it yet . 
  about the 4gb vram required , i guess shadow of mordor proved us that devs just leave the interns write the required spec , so i will not worry about that until we can actually test the game . 
  tried to argue with them today . 
  i agree that i was n't diplomatic ( and very angry ) , but god , that 's totally the impression these guys give . 
  well , it comes out soon . 
  i 'll simply wait the first tests , and i 'll know if it 's insta-buy , or fuck-off i have enough games . 
  was n't talking about , you were actually nice . 
  but we are on the internet , and we disagree on something . 
  we ca n't avoid it , we must hate each other . 
  buy for an outrageous price on an illegal website . 
  so , internet explorer makes everything blow up . 
  pretty accurate . 
   popcorn would be nice though . . 
  popcorn is always nice dude .
