  it makes you a good person . 
  poor . 
  but good . 
   you 're learning a skill that will later be used almost exclusively in combat . 
  i now imagine myself sneak kissing every uruk in my way . 
  i actually want that . 
  pretty bad . 
  came here to say that . 
  happen very often to me . 
  it 's pretty badass . 
  with a shitty . jpg compression , unfortunately . 
  yes my father made the internet, 
  i fall . 
   that does n't seem like something rainmeter would have, 
  think about something . 
  yes rainmeter can do it . 
  too much gloriousness , you mean !, 
  what happened to your job at the suicide hotline ? 
  and you still have time to post that much on reddit ? 
  and spend most of your work time speaking either with suicidal people , or angry married couple . 
  fuck dude , restecp . 
  well if it goes up , there must be less calls . 
  * flawless logic strikes again *, 
  two *, 
  when i was something like 12 or 13 i guess , i gave a kick to another student . 
  everyone was making fun of him and i was far to be a popular kid so i kinda followed everyone , and ended up being almost hit by that student . 
  i kicked him pretty hard in return . 
  just to feel proud and accepted by everyone . 
  5 minutes later , i went to see him and apologized , i could n't stand the fact that i just hit someone for nothing . 
  other student saw that and came again , to make fun of us this time , starting to hit us . 
  i stood for the guy . 
  that did n't ended well , we got both our ass kicked pretty hard . 
  then i never talked to that bullied guy again . 
  but sometime , i think of it , and i 'm just sad that i used violence against someone just to be recognized by some idiots . 
  dude , i imagine 3 or 4 different scenario like that per day . 
  i 'm pretty sure i could sell my idea to comic books maker and mangaka and become fucking rich just by telling all these story . 
  tl ; dr : world is still twisted and unhealthy , but we have the gtx 900 serie so we got that going for us . 
  gloves , rubberband , some birds , balls of steel and here you go . 
  saw the steam giftcard section , totally unsupervised , just hanging here . 
  could have taken at least 6 of them without anyone ever knowing . 
  $ 300 worth of game was very tempting . 
  guess i 'm too honest for that . 
  i 'm really wondering how steam know that i just bought one of their card in a shitty store in france . 
  '' ... was was wondering , if i take that axe and cut you in pieces , how many plastic bags would i need ? 
  and will the neighbour notice ? '', 
  they will not ask again , i can guarantee it . 
  no , it 's a `` healthy '' hobbie . 
  that kind of divination thingy can be fun and interesting . 
  the real problem is if she 's totally taking this seriously . 
  why ? 
  because every goddamn thing she will see in astronomy will be repercuted in your life . 
  and you do n't want that . 
  give about 420 millions to my family , about 570 millions to various charity organisations , and keep the comfortable amount of 10 millions for myself to live a good and peaceful life . 
  windows 10 - `` they gave me a 1 billion dollar budget for the marketing so they are pretty sure of themselves . '', 
  with someone i knew for months . 
  yes op , there is not only two categories , fuck you . 
  please do n't kill the joke or i 'll break your legs thanks kiss . 
  this is an official challenge for / u/automoderator . 
  my girlfriend is actually in the mood . 
  build a porn set . 
  if they want money to easily fund the colonisation of mars , space porn is the way to go . 
  just wear them and stop giving a shit about people opinion and `` fashion '' . 
  well , i 'm glad i 'm honest , because i would have been a very stupid thief . 
  only for uncircumcised men : an alien tatoo on your dick . 
  and on your glans , the mini alien tongue . 
  my dad is very ill , so your dad is kind of a dick on this one . 
  that 's the best way to be found dead in a garbage truck the next day . 
  all i can say is that masturbating is a way lot harder . 
  '' - we need like ... some kind of technology we can use to travel ... without gas ... you know ... and without electricity ... to save mother earth , you see ? 
  using only like ... human strenght ... that 's what human should do . 
  - dude it 's called a bike . 
  - ... * finish his joint * '', 
  you ca n't just redo my jokes dude . 
  i 'm playing hardcore mode . 
  if i die , i lost my character . 
  so , i guess i 'm winning for now . 
  masturbation . 
  you do n't bet on your own mom ? 
  you sick bastard . 
  well do you see any fucking other way to the chicktel ? 
  sorry to be that guy , but i have to point out the fact that you are missing some part on your computer . 
  what an amazing footplay at 3:00 . 
  til that if you make an orchestral interpretation of mobile phone ring , shit sound exactly like a kingdom heart music . 
  jon slow *, 
  for our parents , it will always be nintendo . 
  i can download about 43gb per hour if the servers are good enough . 
  ( download speed ~ 12mb/sec ), 
  this is the most dirty copy paste i 've seen in a long time . 
   free online game : league of legends, 
  worth, 
  well , the game makes an amazing screensaver . 
  it probably explains that playtime . 
  that you will play skyrim tomorrow . 
  fuck , op , do we have to explain everything ? 
  msi gtx 970 gaming ( 4gb vram ) here , everything is maxed ( only motion blur is disabled , because fuck motion blur ) , hd texture , 1080p , game runs at ~ 90-100 fps . 
  conclusion : the 6gb asked by the hd texture pack is bullshit , and i fucking love my gtx 970 . 
  i had a 560ti for the 3 past years . 
  my life has changed now . 
  1 / fuck that dude 's mom, 
  2 / fuck that other dude 's mom,
