  france , paris , parc des princes . 
  they were drunk ( or drugged , who knows ) , did n't gave a shit about the gig , the singer was very weird ( ok , definitely drugs ) and was leaving the scene at the end of each song . 
  and there was an extremely bad balance of the sound or something . 
  parc des princes is a foot stadium . 
  i was sitting on the side , and like every person who was n't directly standing in front of the scene , we could barely hear anything . 
  it was just some constant low and very loud noise , and we struggled to even recognize what songs were played . 
  just imagine a train going full speed like 5 meters of you . 
  that 's what we heard for the whole concert . 
  since then , i ca n't listen to that band anymore . 
  i discovered the game when i got my first computer , there was a bundle of ( legit . ), 
  cds , and baldur 's gate was in it . 
  it was around 2000 . 
  2015 , still playing it regularly , and i finished it again a few days ago . 
  ca n't count how many hours i spent on this game . 
  i would simply go full random . 
  not trying to know if that person is good or not . 
  no matter the amount of money , receiving like that would just brighten the day of the person , and eventually make her nicer to the people she 's in contact with . 
  maybe i would give money to an asshole . 
  but chances are that asshole will be happy , and his happiness will make him more bearable for everyone he 's with , even for a short period . 
  not only the person you give the money to will be affected , and that 's the best part of it . 
  some people are karma whores . 
  some are n't . 
  nobody is `` forced '' to do anything , and you can find all kind of individuals on reddit . 
  well `` zombies '' ca n't possibly exist . 
  what is dead stays dead . 
  so if something had to happen , it would be a disease , 28 days later-like . 
  and man , we would be in some deep shit . 
  * mentos , the freshmaker . 
  maybe someone did . 
  maybe someone wrote , told a story , or just thought about something , and that was it . 
  we do n't know . 
  and there is no way we will possibly ever know . 
  also , what 's the question about ? 
  a raptor . 
  it would take place in space . 
  it would have real good actors , with a real scenario . 
  basically , interstellar with dicks . 
  you can send a box of shit via some website . 
  who else can play a mexican space plumber ? 
  current one ? 
  got a wisdom tooth removed . 
  i 'm in pain . 
  painkillers does n't work , except for putting me in a stoned/confused state . 
  i have one recurring memory , pretty old . 
  i guess i was like 12 years old , something like that . 
  one classmate , who used to bully me , took my compasses in math class . 
  after realizing he was using it , i asked to get it back . 
  * `` that 's mine . 
  '' * , he said . 
  being the quiet and shy kid at the time , i did n't knew what to do . 
  i insisted . 
  he then showed me the compasses , with a scratch on it , and asked :, 
  * `` did yours had a scratch like this on it ? 
  if i said no , that would mean it was n't mine ? 
  what am i supposed to do ? 
  i need my compasses . 
  * `` yes , it 's mine . '', 
  `` you liar , i just made that scratch , you 're just trying to steal mine . 
  and that 's how i lost my compasses . 
  do n't know why i never forgot about it , or why i think about it that often . 
  5 years ago , was with a bunch of friends at a bar . 
  one decided to hit on a girl . 
  he barely have the time to speak to her , a dude instantly come to him . 
  `` the fuck are you talking to my girl for ? '', 
  `` ho , sorry , i was just - ... '', 
  then the dude punched him hard in the face . 
  ok , it was n't really a fight , since my friend got instantly knocked the fuck out , but that definitely goes into the `` stupid '' category . 
  portal . 
  follow-up question : how much time did you jerk off in your toilet ? 
  a random fact about my cat . 
  good . 
  bitches love cats . 
  we created our own secret club with a friend , when i was a kid . 
  it 's pretty successful , since i 've never heard about it anywhere since all these years . 
  my mailman will try to sell me another calendar, 
  bought him at disneyland paris . 
  form a cocoon with as much blanket as possible without being crushed down by the weight . 
  hot chocolate . 
  computer . 
  watch something , or play . 
  keeping myself busy helps me a lot . 
  $ 24.99 usd, 
  woaw , imagine if it would smell like sweat and ... ho . 
  yup , same here . 
  thanks op < 3, 
  escape skill ? 
  templars are n't cowards !, 
  just press the big red blinking `` heal '' button in the middle of your screen . 
  there , you saved him . 
  and everyone else on the battlefield . 
  and in the whole kingdom . 
  actually , you also resolved any issues in the world . 
  no more hunger . 
  no more crime . 
  no more war . 
  everyone surrounding you let their weapons fall on the ground , and hug . 
  you 're a hero , the world is a safer place thanks to you . 
  and you still have 90 % magicka left . 
  worth it . 
  actually ran into my first group of cheaters today .
