  which is kinda weird since you are the one who posted the picture . 
  whatever , downvote me , my body is ready . 
  the fact that the download is stopping during this operation is weird , yeah . 
  i do n't know if there is a real improvement behind , or if it 's just a steam issue . 
  i like to think that it is intended . 
  as you can see , when steam is writing on the disk , your computer generally run slower , more or less depending of the game . 
  maybe the downloading stop simply to avoid some rare but possible file corruptions . 
  i do n't know . 
  most likely a poorly written software , yeah . 
  but it 's steam , and this is a relatively easy thing to do . 
  so we can expect it in more or less 3 years . 
  valve time or not , i doubt they can count to 3 anyway . 
  damn , that flair always got me . 
  we are all op . 
  could be . 
  but seriously , it 's blink 182 . 
  they do n't need that kind of publicity . 
  just dream , my friend . 
   especially a band that has n't been relevant in like 10 years . 
  that 's why i 'm saying `` they do n't need that kind of publicity '' . 
  i 'm not saying they do n't need publicity . 
  but a single suspicious message of reddit like that ? 
  if it 's not legit , they should really change their marketing team , you wont make an old group like that relevant again with a mini-viral bullshit . 
  it 's kind of sad that people focus on paris when visiting france , and then leave totally disappointed , speaking shit about our country . 
  we have amazing landscape and a rural culture that is totally worth seeing , a lot of mountain who offers different climate for either hiking ( you wont believe how amazing it is ) , or skiing , a fuckload of beach , some city that no foreigner knows about , much better than paris , with beautiful castles . 
  but na , eiffel tower , a ~ 1000 feet scrap metal tower sounds way more interresting . 
  i live in paris . 
  it 's a shit-hole , but i like it . 
  but i hate seeing tourist here , because i 'm just wondering what the fuck are they doing here . 
  punched him in the face . 
  hey , he asked me , i was only being nice !, 
  white spirit . 
  i know i will never have the life i want . 
  because i do n't know what life i want . 
  and the day i figure it out , it will be too late . 
  `` i need money , you need stuff to be done , i 'm pretty sure we can make this works . '', 
  do you live at your parents house ? 
  because i tend to do a lot of noises in bed . 
  hope you do n't mind . 
  a riddle . 
  the trick is to stalk them directly outside their house and wait . 
  edit : deleted my post because ... fuck , i really need to learn how to read the goddamn title before posting . 
  my brain literally replaced `` skyscraper window washers '' by `` daydreamers '' . 
  unfortunately , you will need uplay / origin for these games , and it will be so until ubisoft / ea decide to abandon their plateform . 
  and there is no way these will be discontinued for now . 
  i 'll take dead rising 3 thanks . 
  ( ... what ? ), 
  i 'm not taking anything , but thanks for the giveaway , brother !, 
  east coast west coast other coast, 
  gangs wo n't be a problem anymore . 
  i 'm pretty sure only totalbiscuit 's voice would make me listen a 1 hour long debate about a bag of dicks . 
  well , people who can afford a gaming laptop for lan ( in addition of their desktop gaming rig ) , or people who ca n't afford both a desktop and a laptop computer but still attend to lan or move a lot . 
  i have no idea why he 's at the hospital , but i hope everything will be ok for him . 
  and i sincerely hope there will be no hate from other communities , like `` yeah i hope this fucker dies '' or anything . 
  same , was expecting him receiving different voltages on the song rhythm . 
  what ? 
  that could have been fun !, 
  for those who are too lazy to type the website name :, 
  ** http://www.pcmasterrace.net/**, 
  i did n't even knew it existed . 
  that 's ... actually surprising . 
  yeah i know . 
  but even if they are taking absolutely no `` risks '' , it 's activision . 
  we do n't see them make offers like that often . 
  even a fake deal like this one is surprising . 
  steam have to actually download 49gb , 10 more of them are from the final installation . 
  this is a big pile of gb . 
  yeah , i 'm feeling sorry for everyone with low download speed . 
  i know some people who ca n't download at more than 200kb/s , wo n't be playing before sunday even if the bandwidth god is feeling generous . 
  ( posted it on / r/pcmasterrace 15 minutes ago , i have no idea how to make x-post , if there is any proper way to do it ), 
  steam have to actually download 49gb , 10 more of them are from the final installation . 
  thanks for that , brother !, 
  i hate this game , but not enough to pass when it 's actually free . 
  honestly , there is no `` real '' reason for me to hate it . 
  i spent a fuckload of time playing baldur 's gate i/ii , and like a lot of people , it 's my favorite rpg of all time . 
  every time i tried dragon age , i felt like it was trying to hard to be the next baldur 's gate , and i ca n't get this out of my mind . 
  i just play it and i 'm like `` dude that 's sucks '' `` hooo , that 's sucks too '' `` god , how can this game sucks so much ? '', 
  `` for fuck 's sake , is that game a fucking octopus ? '', 
  it 's just a first impression i ca n't ignore , and i was never able to actually enjoy the game . 
  i do n't hate it because it 's poorly made or anything . 
  i hate it because i set the standard way too high before playing it , and i ca n't launch it and play more than 10 minutes anymore ( god know i tried ) . 
  in fact , it 's just my own fault , that 's kinda sad . 
  but there is enough amazing games out there to make me forget that . 
  like said , it 's outdated . 
  you would spend 350 $ for a used and old computer , with pieces you want to replace quickly . 
  it wo n't be any good . 
  thank you for the explanation . 
  so , i take that x-post is not something working by the rules ( and so does n't have an automated implementation , i though i just missed it at first ) , and best is to avoid it because people tend to accept it , but not mods , am i right ? 
  if that 's so , guess it 's pretty logical , must be one way to be karma-whoring . 
  kind of sad since some post can still be relevant on multiple subreddit . 
  yeah i was actually thinking about the admins , not the mods , my bad . 
  still , i 'm curious about where is the line that separate sharing a post on multiple subreddits , and karma-whoring . 
  i mean , i guess that 's ok for a post like mine , it wo n't explode and make me drown in sweet sweet karma . 
  but imagine for a second that it actually does on both subreddits where i posted . 
  same situation , just tons of upvotes . 
  would n't that be all of a sudden considered as a problem ? 
  i 'm kinda bothered by the 9gag link . 
  still made me laugh , though . 
  wait , so that 's their new weapon ? 
  they ca n't really beat pc on exclusives anymore , so they are literally changing the meaning of exclusive ?
