  motherboard : p8p67 le rev 3.0, 
  cpu : intel core i5 2500k, 
  psu : antec hcg 520w, 
  so , the gpu is dying , and i have to replace it . 
  my problem is , the motherboard does n't have any 3.0 pci-e slot , and actually all the goddamn 600 and 700 series from nvidia needs 3.0 . 
  so , i have to replace the motherboard too if i want to buy a new gpu . 
  now , the main problem : i do n't really have money , and i need to find the less expensive solution and keeping my performances at the same time so i can actually still play like right now without problems ( god , that 560ti is very good , 3 years and still no problem to play new games . 
  sure i ca n't play in ultra quality , but i 'm too poor for that anyway ) . 
  soooo , i 'm considering the gtx 660 or the gtx 750ti ( slightly the same performances that my actual gpu , if i 'm not mistaken ) . 
  first of all , what do you guys think about these cards ? 
  second , which motherboard should i buy ( socket 1155 ) with a pci-e 3.0 port ? 
  remember , my goal here is not to upgrade anything , but to replace a dying component with the lowest cost possible . 
  thanks in advance guys !, 
  hey guys ,, 
  as said in the title , i 'm trying to remember a particular movie . 
  but i do n't recall anything except one particular scene . 
  two teenagers , i guess , are parked somewhere . 
  maybe a parking hilltop . 
  there is a boy and a girl , the boy seems kind of geeky/nerdy ( not sure about this one ) , and speak about music with the girl . 
  she is impressed because he seems to know everything about ... velvet underground ? 
  that 's pretty much all . 
  if anyone as any idea ... 
  thanks a lot !, 
  hello everyone !, 
  i 'm new here , and i 'm also new at breeding pokemons . 
  after a good read about how to do it properly ( i hope i understood the basics x ] ) , i 'm here to ask for a generous soul who can trade a 6iv ditto with a destiny knot . 
  i do n't care if both are hacked ( like you would give an original one anyway =d ) , since they are only used for breeding and the eggs are legit . 
  i do n't have a lot to offer , and i have no idea what it 's supposed to worth , so i 'm letting you tell me the cost of what am i asking for . 
  thanks !, 
  quick edit : ho yeah , and i know about the subreddit / r/breedingdittos . 
  but it 's open rarely , and never in my time-zone . 
  [ trade ], 
  hello everyone ,, 
  i 'm actually new to pokemon breeding and i want to set up everything to be able to make a lot of adorable baby pokemons . 
  if i understand correctly , i need a good ditto with a destiny knot , but these seems pretty rare and i have no luck with my mirage island in ro , so ... 
  i 'm asking here , hoping i 'm not breaking any rules i would have misunderstood by asking something that specific . 
  i obviously do n't care if these are hacked since the eggs will be legit , and i have nothing worth to offer for legit ones anyway . 
  please tell me if my demand is somewhat not accepted here , and if it 's ok , what can i give you for these hacked ditto / destiny knot . 
  thanks everyone !, 
  ps : i know about / r/breedingdittos , but my timezone makes things a bit complicated . 
  hey everyone ,, 
  now that i 'm deeply back into the pokemon universe with omega ruby , i was actually wondering : `` what about the movies ? '', 
  i 'm pretty sure that you guys are perfect to answer this , so tell me , which movie ( s ) should i watch ? 
  where can i find them ? 
  ( there is the two black/white ones , and `` kyurem vs. 
  the sword of justice '' on netflix , but that 's all ... ), 
  ** edit : thanks everyone for these quick answers !, 
  hey everyone ,, 
  so i just finished my first breeding session , using a 6iv ditto with a destiny knot and a 5iv charmander . 
  now , i have a lot of charmanders , and i have no idea what to do with them . 
  i do n't use the item for the pokemon 's nature , and i do n't teach them any moves or anything . 
  these are the most basics charmander you will ever find . 
  i though maybe some of you might be interested , so ... [ take a look at this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/8xlnprd.png ) . 
  if you want them , just tell me !, 
  for obvious reason , i 'll keep the shiny one . 
  and the 6iv one ( number 45 ) is now used for breeding . 
  hey everyone ,, 
  i was doing some breeding when something weird happened : an egg hatched , then i made one step , and the next one hatched . 
  they were supposed to be one cycle apart from each others . 
  does someone know about this ? 
  hey everyone . 
  actually looking for a good froakie for breeding . 
  the charmanders i propose do n't have any moves learned ( they are simply lvl 1 with scratch and growl ) , but i guess they can be useful for breeding . 
  [ here 's a useful tab about what i can give you . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wcddnzo.png ) ( yeah , i should use an everstone . 
  whatever . 
  edit : forgot to say , the # 99 is not available . 
  hey guys ,, 
  i was just wondering if we had a way to know what are the systems with the most players activity . 
  any idea ? 
  i like getting lost in very far away systems , but sometime , i miss people . 
  would be cool to find a group of player with a purpose , and ideology to join too . 
  steam : zulli4n, 
  rockstar social club : zullian, 
  edit : still need 2 people . 
  hello everyone . 
  just trying my luck here , i was thinking that maybe someone would be kind enough to save my stomach . 
  i simply do n't have enough money right now to buy anything , so i have to rely on my unique resource here : pasta . 
  but as much as i love pasta , twice a day for 3 weeks , without sauce or anything , it 's killing me . 
  sorry , no sob story or anything , i can eat if i want , but i 'd just like to eat something else than pasta today . 
  anyway , enjoy your day / evening / whatever !, 
  hello everyone ,, 
  i do n't really know if i have any right to post here for unimportant matters , but i 'll ask anyway . 
  i simply need $ 15 on paypal to pay netflix + my internet connection ( my internet only cost me ~ $ 6/month ) . 
  otherwise , the next 7 days will be very , very boring for me ( i live and work on my computer ) . 
  if anyone can help me out , that would be great . 
  i will be able to pay back next sunday , maybe before , with $ 5 extra . 
  location - france , paris, 
  thanks !, 
  hello everyone ,, 
  i hope it 's okay to ask for that here , if not i apologize . 
  i 'm actually considering playing on platform like faceit or esea , but if faceit can be tested for free , it 's not the same for esea and i 'd like to avoid paying just for testing something i could potentially drop after a few hours if it does n't satisfy me . 
  if i do n't really have the choice , so be it , but i 've seen that some person had the possibility to give a free try of the service , so i 'm asking here , hoping that someone could help me with that . 
  thanks . 
  hello everyone ,, 
  i heard this -  http://vocaroo.com/i/s0qlkebrwjxf in a video , i 'm absolutely positive i know it but i ca n't find it . 
  i do n't really have anything else to say , i tried different music recognition software without success , so here i am . 
  hope someone can help me on this one !, 
  hello everyone ,, 
  i discovered today the existence of bots competitive matches , and jesus this is hilarious .
