aim for ~ 1000-1100 all resist . 
  after that , life . 
  the all resist is more useful than the life at the beginning . 
  after something like 1000 , the damage reduction become low for each new points , and so more hp will be more viable . 
  well , if you play with a higher resolution , your graphic card have to work more , it 's as simple as that . 
  low quality graphic cards ( old , or from laptop who are not designed for gaming ) usually have a lot of trouble rendering 1920 * 1080 without having a significant fps drop . 
  can your give your computer spec ? 
  processor , graphic card , ram ? 
  well , your video card is n't that good . 
  i suggest you to be sure your driver are updated ( use the nvidia geforce experience tool to check the update , and optimize your game ) . 
  that new card you want to buy is way better , and you can play with max settings at 1920 * 1080 without problems . 
  i use it with my crusader . 
  the fire chains is totally broken , about ~ 15-20m dmg/sec for me . 
  if that does n't change , the only way i 'm changing my weapon is to find a maximus with better roll . 
  hardcore players . 
  ca n't farm on higher torment without taking too much risk , so they have to repeat in torment 1 , or even in lower difficulties . 
  this is just not fun . 
  starting the game again , and again , for that ... 
  legendary crafting material is a very good idea . 
  making us play like this to get them is n't . 
  well , farming mobs and getting stuff is fun , but trying to do a single mob again and again ( if you want to do it quick , you even skip everything in your way ) , i think this is just boring . 
  especially when you finally get your material , craft , and get the worst roll you have ever seen . 
  i love farming , but the way we have to do it right now just take off most of the fun , in my opinion . 
  i just answered to the wrong guys at the first place . 
  was reacting to jiubling . 
  my bad . 
  thanks , bot . 
  ( what ? 
  even bots need love . ), 
  okay , i admit : maybe the bot is not the one who need it . 
  haha . 
  x ] i never asked for a gamebreaking effect , i 'm not even complaining , i 'm happy with the amount of legendaries i 'm actually getting without it . 
  but still , this shrine have a purpose , and i do n't think 25 % mf/gold serves it right . 
  well , people will always find a way to play the game a way it was n't intended to . 
  it 's blizzard 's work to come out with a solution . 
  for the problem you exposed , something like : your attacks marks the mobs if you have the shrine effect , and you have to kill these maked mobs before the buff end . 
  if you do so , rain of loots . 
  if the buff end ... too bad , try again . 
  i do n't know , there is a lot of way to rework this i think . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but legendaries usually do n't get all of your magic find bonus , only 10 % . 
  so , the shrine is basically a 2.5 % legendary bonus . 
  you get way more than 4 fortune shrine . 
  shrine of resplendent chests : every mob you kill turn in a resplendent chest . 
  problem fixed . 
  so we basically have a pylone we can use only if we drop the nemesis bracers . 
  well , that 's something . 
  na , i want something useful instead of something useless . 
  they can remove the mf and just give us a badass gold bonus , like +3000 % for 2 minutes ( well , they are called fortune shrine , right ? 
  =p ) , i would be happy . 
  this . 
  well , 25 % is ridiculous . 
  there is a +1600 % gold bonus in tourment vi , and it 's really not that impressive . 
  ( seriously , i got a 8 golds stack in there . 
  how is that even possible ? ), 
  so , yeah , maybe +3000 % is a lot . 
  or maybe not . 
  but +25 % ... ? 
  nemesis bracers . 
  well , it 's not like everything i 'm saying is the lord 's word or anything . 
  i 'm just saying there is a problem here , because that 's what i feel as a player . 
  these are just supposition , ideas , something we can talk about . 
  you do n't have to be aggressive because at some point i said something about a +3000 % gold bonus for 2 minutes . 
  i 'm not looking for ridiculous drop or anything , but this shrine is just useless . 
  the others shrines are powerful . 
  why does this one is 40 time less effective than the rift legendaries bonus in tourment 1 , when it 's own purpose , actually , is to make us drop more ? 
  maybe my answer will be ridiculous , but when i found an xp shrine , i see the effect . 
  even if it 's not a huge amount , my experience bar grow faster , and i 'm happy with it , especially with a reroll . 
  the fortune shrine is a shitty effect theoretically , and in the facts . 
  and you know , i 'm just a dumb player . 
  i like to see the effects of things when i 'm playing , and enjoy them . 
  i 'm french . 
  we actually say something like `` a\u00efe '' ( aye ) , when we hurt ourselves . 
  `` aouch '' is like a natural declinaison of `` ouch '' , we just put the `` a '' by habit i guess . 
  you are missing the whole point . 
  first , where am i `` qqing '' ? 
  second , about the gems , a shrine who can make imperial / flawless imperial ( with a low droprate , of course . ), 
  can be cool , simply because you do n't have to pay for crafting them . 
  and if you play on hardcore , you can actually lose your gem . 
  third , i do n't want it removed , i want it reworked , like a fuckload of people in this thread . 
  if you want to react on a topic , take the time to read what 's being said first . 
  i do n't want more legendaries , people do n't want more legendaries , you 're the one coming with that , and you 're the one with a fixation on it . 
  get over it . 
  mf is added after the rift / tourment difficulty bonus . 
  say you are in a t1 rift : 100 % bonus from the rift , + the tourment bonus : 130 % legendary droprate bonus . 
  add 100 mf , you now have 140 % legendary doprate bonus . 
  god , i love saying bonus . 
  well , since i 'm not a game designer , i do n't have intention of anything . 
  these are just suggestion , things i think would be cool . 
  the only truth here is that the shrine needs to be reworked , one way or another ( it can be simply by changing how the mf works , and then they will not have to change anything on this shrine . 
  except the gold bonus maybe , still ridiculous ) . 
  not that it have any negative impact . 
  just ... the fortune shrine is here . 
  let 's just make something about it . 
  what you 're saying is welcome , i 'm not looking for you to have the exact same point of view , that would be boring . 
  and , well , i think there is no point to talk about what player may or may not do with the game . 
  i mean , some runned manglemaw like retards ( yeah , sorry , but i do n't have any other words for that . 
  feel free to downvote me for that ) for days ( weeks ? ), 
  because `` moar legendaries , moar '' . 
  we ca n't help people stupidity , just make suggestion about `` how can we turn a currently useless thing in game into something useful and non-gamebreaking . '', 
  most of our ideas can be shit , but who care , the real purpose of this thread is to reunite people under a simple idea ( fortune shrine are useless is the current state ) , and to show that it 'll be cool if blizzard think about it .
