  like i said , it 's schizophrenia , a disease even doctors are struggling to truly understand , and if you sincerely think it 's that easy to deal with that , you are seriously underestimating the condition . 
  i 'm not talking about handicapped people here . 
  i 'm talking about crazy . 
  real crazy . 
  i guess if i do n't live in the us , i ca n't participate ? 
  ho , france is alright so ? 
  no problem for the shipping ? 
  damn , i just realized that his name was written on the top left of the screen . 
  we do n't have the exact same one , mine is syncmaster b2330 . 
  yours does n't have that `` b '' . 
  edit : and it 's 2233 . 
  damn , i 'm blind . 
  good to know !, 
  thanks !, 
   is that reality , or your amateur diagnosis , based on movies ? 
  it 's what the ... `` guardian / concierge / caretaker '' i do n't know what word to use , told us , among with others people apparently close to the family of the guy . 
   in fact , your misconceptions are common and problematic enough for there to be a cracked article about them, 
  i 'm just telling what the guy is doing . 
  how is that misconception ? 
  because i said that one day , he will hit someone ? 
  sure , let 's just assume that the guy fucking shit up with rage all day , all week , all month , and for the whole year will never harm anyone . 
   i 'm a neural engineer, 
   pizzadude, 
  that 's one hell of an upgrade . 
  and , no . 
  you are clearly not a neural engineer . 
  at best , you are a student in that field , that i can easily believe , because it 's the most logical reason for you to be so cocky and unaware of how reality is . 
  i do n't believe any of these 5 shits in your article , this is for very uninformed people , and i already know better than that , but thanks . 
  that does n't change how to guy is , how violent he his , how the escalation of his comportment is , and how careless are the doctors who said `` let 's just let him walk outside , it 'll be perfectly healthy '' , letting him continue without supervision his fucked up quotidian , and making the majority of old people living here scared to even go outside at night to walk there dogs . 
  but hey , who am i to talk . 
  you just said you are a neural engineer . 
  i should just thanks you for making everything better . 
  you will find pretty much everything you need here :, 
  - http://www.pso-world.com/forums/showthread.php?t=210236, 
  - http://arks-layer.com/signup.php, 
  - http://pso2proxy.cyberkitsune.net/, 
  the `` tweaker '' will help you getting the game , patching it in english , and setup easily a proxy ( yeah , you ca n't connect without one , the third link i gave you is basically the most used and reliable public proxy for pso2 . 
  and it 's totally free with a great community ) . 
  hope you 'll enjoy it as much as i do . 
  yeah , but we do all that at 60 fps . 
  no , we have multiple steam curator because nobody is checking if the pcmasterrace already have one before creating another one . 
  the main question is : which song ? 
  ( ho my god ... i can smell it coming ... ), 
  it 's pretty logical . 
  i mean , all these games do have a soundtrack . 
  well , play it goddamnit . 
  steam is giving you an order right here . 
  you can seek advice on / r/buildapc , or directly ask on / r/buildapcforme for people to create a perfect rig for your budget . 
  `` and you seriously could n't come with something better than that ? '', 
  dude , why the fuck would i get angry just because you did n't see a movie ? 
  i mean , it 's ok . 
  seriously , why the fuck do you ask that . 
  do i look like someone angry ? 
  i that so , you just fucking judge me like that ? 
  who the fuck are you ? 
  how dare you to fucking talk to me like that ?!, 
  * hum ... * well , the movie is cool , so if you have some time one day to watch it , i recommend it . 
   prepare for text wall . 
  bro do you even books ? 
   getting to the point, 
  the enb is basically something that will change the way colors and luminosity is calculated , which gives simply a different ambiance to the game . 
  no need for one if you do n't want to , it 'll ask a lot more from your gpu , but the difference is astonishing , the enb alone change the looks of the game . 
  after that , lots of packs exist with hd textures . 
  flora overhaul is an exemple . 
  you say it does n't look like much better , well either you did n't installed it correctly , or you have peasant eyes . 
  anyway , if you want it to `` look like real life '' , there is a fuckload of guides to make skyrim looks beautiful , and it should n't take you more than 10 seconds on google to find at least one of them . 
  i just hope you have a goddamn good rig . 
   i just sigh when i move too close to a tree or plant and it looks all edgey and stretched liney textures, 
  that will most likely never change . 
  the beautiful screenshot you 've seen are simply 4k ( maybe more , sometime ) resolution . 
  it gives the most amazing result ever on landscapes , but does n't change the fact that the trees are poorly modelised , and will look shitty when you are close . 
  at best , you have the hd textures packs . 
  i downloaded a pc game i already had , the dvd was behind me in my room but i did n't want to get up . 
  so i launched the download and waited . 
  bonus : i also did n't played more than 15 minutes , was too lazy to learn how to play . 
  i do n't know please love me anyway please just this time, 
  i 'm the biggest asshole that i know . 
  just because i basically does n't care about anything ( almost , there is obviously some exceptions ) . 
  it 's not that i do n't want to , it 's just that i ca n't . 
  you can get sick , have an accident , someone in your family died , or anything else , all i can do is make the `` ho , not cool . '', 
  face and that 's pretty much all . 
  zero fuck given , i just want to eat my sandwich so shut the fuck up with your problems . 
  you ca n't even imagine how dirty , how wrong , how sick are my thought in these situations . 
  i would be more sad if i saw a cat falling from a chair than if you broke your legs and became tetraplegic . 
  that was a moment ago , i downloaded at something like 150ko/s , probably less . 
  now i 've been touched by the light , and my download are ~ 12mo/s . 
  i fucking love mud . 
  never meet any girls while playing . 
  `` hey , i 'm bored , maybe if i go there and kill some crocodiles , i 'll end up married '' . 
  \\* * achievement unlocked * \\* congratulation dude . 
   asian , japanese , female . 
  because i want to be kawa\u00ef as fuck . 
   asian , japanese , male . 
  heard the racial trait `` improved flirt with european '' is totally overpowered . 
  same here . 
  my history will prove that at this time , i was spamming like a retard f5 , waiting for the server of pokemon tcgo to finish their maintenance . 
  * billy knew the cage would open . 
  and he knew it was his chance . 
  ok ... it 's my time ... go !, 
  hello big and softy rug !,
