  we though that nobody would ever care because the car were abandonned . 
  i was n't very bright , and the fact that the different parts of the cars were used for repair or reselling never crossed my mind . 
  the owner of the scrap yard lost a lot of money this day . 
  i had to apolozige and give him all my money ( something like 20 $ i guess ) . 
  ho , how did he knew that was me ? 
  apparently , someone saw us doing that shit , and everybody knew everybody in my small village . 
  and he never stopped us . 
  i 'm not the only dumb in this story , that motherfucker just never did a single thing to explain us that was wrong . 
  magic . 
  you do n't believe me ? 
  you are browsing reddit right now . 
  how do i know that ? 
  magic . 
  do i have to say `` wink wink '' ? 
  it was at this moment elantedronai knew . 
  he fucked up . 
  i would love that . 
  come guys . 
  my dog is hungry . 
  not enough lube to penetrate the moon . 
  / r/trees, 
  ho , op is retarted . 
  how original . 
  eviscerating that person 's kid . 
  except on the floor because mom told me i was too young to play alone upstairs, 
  fuck you/10 . 
  `` why do they fap so often ? '', 
  no necessarily in this order , though . 
  please attach some dynamite on your head and light it . 
  smile , and say `` challenge accepted , life ! '' . 
  die in the next 8 minutes . 
  no , simply to close the window . 
  i live on the 4th floor . 
  * everywhere * on the ground floor . 
  dude , half of them will have 5 pounds hidden in their ass . 
  could be . 
  i have no idea how it 's called , i saw it a long time ago , so even the right name wont ring a bell for me . 
  i 'm going to watch it now , i 'll tell you if it 's the right one . 
  thanks !, 
  edit : not the right one , but good movie . 
  the poster definitely tells me something , i think that 's the one . 
  thanks !, 
  i 'm sorry you had to put so much effort making this just to give me the worst 19 seconds of my life . 
  i already created a new account just to test what was the game for a cheater . 
  i played 10 games to be ranked , and i 'm sorry for that . 
  i needed to see myself what is was like to be a cheater . 
  it was a wallhack only . 
  and this is bullshit . 
  i really ca n't understand why people would do that . 
  the game was extremely easy , no fun . 
  you just kill people who have no clue what 's happening to them . 
  at the end of my 10 matches ( 10 wins . 
  ) , i was ranked dmg . 
  i did n't even knew it was possible to have such an high rank after only the 10 first games , i 'm struggling between silver master and nova 1 . 
  of course , i was called a cheater , probably got reported a lot , but the account is still not vac banned at this day ( i tested that something like a year ago , i guess . 
  maybe a bit less . 
  ) , so it 's kind of a real problem . 
  just to be clear , i never used that account or cheated again , i do n't usually like cheating , even on solo games ( except the sims . 
  i need money to have a great house and fuck bitches ) . 
  tl ; dr : i tested cheats to know what it was like . 
  penis got smaller . 
  came here to say that . 
  this is nowhere close to a real baguette . 
  you are right . 
  that bunch of pussy better use real gun and fight like real men . 
  you ca n't have fun with your friend without at least 3 dead . 
  edit : it 's a joke ... 
  i just joined the serv , but playing dust 2 with easy bots is n't the funniest thing to do . 
  played with his gf on wow . 
  one day i hear a little man voice saying `` hello ? '', 
  on teamspeak . 
  bro ever since . 
  * kevin , if you do n't clean your brain , i 'm gon na turn off the router !, 
  when i see that the gaming community able to give millions of dollars for almost nothing , the picture of people giving money for food makes sense . 
  pretty much all the time . 
  several times a day . 
  * meanwhile , in the afterlife *, 
  - ho , nice , an ipa ... it 's paper goddamnit . 
  well i can masturbate ten times a day . 
  ten times . 
  i hope you guys are proud of yourself . 
  if you stopped piracy like they asked you to do , they would have the triple . 
  you 're the reason they ca n't have nice things . 
  so he can build a tower of mechanical keyboards . 
  technically , i was popular for being the weird dumb one . 
  `` i will need to drink at least 4 beers to make most of the girls in this bar cute . 
  but you , baby , 2 beers will be enough . '', 
  imagine a world where there is some kind of search engine that you could use to ask silly questions ... would be wonderful ... 
  manslaughter . 
  look by the window . 
  this shit looks like a zombie apocalypse . 
  very young , i though that if i was n't aware that there was no ground under my feet , i would n't fall until i noticed it . 
  i 'll be playing the evolve beta . 
  once they will see my screen , those motherfuckers will never try to fuck with me . 
  mirror is nice . 
  the movie itself is n't really great , but watch it with interest and every mirror you will see in real life after that will make you uncomfortable . 
  free trauma for easily impressed people . 
  * `` your exit door must stay an exit door . 
  not giving a damn about global warming . 
  edit : downvote , hu ?
