  2 guys at the pit . 
  me and my friend got one-shotted ( literally , not `` we got sprayed and died super fast '' , it was a single bullet ) , by the same player , less than 1 second appart ( we were n't grouped at all , there was a good distance between me and my friend ) , with a black market ak-47 . 
  they were rogue , we just tried to get them , managed to down one by surprise , and instantly got rekt . 
  that was ... surprising to say the least . 
  and that definitely was n't them having a better stuff overall or anything . 
  anyway , i do n't know about `` getting worse day by day '' since that was the first time i saw a cheater , but they are here for sure . 
  anw , so it 's not actually legit ? 
  would have been awesome to code ia and let them fight in a cs : go tournament . 
  thanks for the giveaway brother !, 
  noob question : what is `` rank s '' ? 
  `` snuggly snuggle '', 
  corsair , as glorious as ever !, 
  dude, 
  i 'd love to have that on my second monitor on my own games , so i can see how bad my rating is everytime . 
  missing opensuse d :, 
  truth is , there is so much distro you ca n't possibly list them all anyway . 
  unfortunately , it 's not this one . 
  thanks tho !, 
  jon snow is jon snow . 
  i read the rules before posting , and after your message i did again . 
  i must have missed something , because i ca n't see what i did wrong . 
  if you could explain to me , that 'd be great . 
  thanks . 
  i wo n't make a big deal out of this , i do n't really give a fuck . 
  you should really take a look at yourself tho , you 're a moderator on a subreddit , not the fucking queen of england . 
  have some respect to the people you interact with . 
  then , i suggest you add this to the rules then . 
  this is not stupid . 
  i do n't care what you think , but this is not in the rules , i made sure of that , so i 'm making a post . 
  and since i clearly announce that i 'd prefer people with mobile protection , and teamviewer so people can actually put their password without me seeing anything ( and having the control of my computer means they can also check the running process , for keyloggers ) , i do n't see how i `` must be pretty fucking crazy '' . 
  i wo n't post again , do n't worry . 
  but saying `` it 's not allowed , we should have put that in the rules '' would have been enough . 
  you 're a fucking ass , crobinstine . 
  awesome dude , thanks !, 
  i hope it 's the one i 'm looking for . 
  that 's it !, 
  freaking amazing man !, 
  as everyone says , each final fantasy deals with heavy concepts . 
  i do n't know much the earlier final fantasy , but vi , vii , viii , ix and x ( did n't played any others after that , except for xiv but it 's an mmo ) are all focusing on particular themes . 
  sure , it 's wrapped up in stories where it 's basically the heroes against monster and big vilains , but beneath each of them , there is much more . 
  you will find yourself more or less involved with the story according to how those themes affects you . 
  final fantasy x is my favorite , talking a lot about religion and spirituality , existentialism , and death . 
  yeah , i figured that the account was probably suspended or something . 
  i struggled for one or two hours looking for the song with our dear google before coming here , but nothing . 
  and yeah , faltzer2142 just uploaded the `` video '' in one of his answers to this post , so that 's awesome . 
  i 'll be sure to keep that one , it 's my precious now . 
  ( and by far my favorite cover ), 
  but thanks !, 
  ja , ze amazing minipoliztation zree !, 
  since when is this particular subreddit not about cool website ? 
  same here , ca n't get the ar to work d :, 
  also , the gps localisation stops working everytime i 'm not on the app . 
  if i go write a text , and bring up the game again , i get some error message like `` ca n't find gps signal '' , and it needs a few seconds before refreshing everything . 
  make the whole game very laggy and not my position not accurate at all if i do n't let the app run and keep the screen turned on . 
  anyone else with that problem ? 
  i 'm supposed to have one ... meh . 
  do n't really care about ar anyway . 
  i 'm more annoyed by that gps problem . 
  [ insert some helix joke here ], 
  nothing better than enjoying a walk , catching pokemons and listening to music for a whole 5 minutes before the battery dies . 
  that park full of pokestops ... 
  enjoy dude . 
  * swipes to throw masterball *, 
  * misses *, 
  added !, 
  done !, 
  added !, 
  added !, 
  added !, 
  added !, 
  thanks for the giveaway brother !, 
  i 'm hard now . 
  decided to use an haiku generator . 
  triss the rose, 
  dragon , witcher in sword, 
  with no yennefer to dragon . 
  good enough . 
  second line , second one ? 
  it 's gorgeous af . 
  and insanely badass . 
  exactly my feeling . 
  ho , so it 's juste the website that is inaccurate then ( it 's saying `` reward based on season rank : silver division '' ) . 
  thanks . 
  also , they definitely did n't fix the blinding light on several spots . 
  i still get a lot of these unfortunately . 
  thanks for the giveaway brother . 
  i 'll go with 327 !, 
  yup , ca n't launch any dominion ( 4v4 ) . 
  only made me angry once . 
  i do n't really know the maps now so i 'm not sure but i think it was on sanctuary bridge or something , dominion mode . 
  i got knocked back and fell in like a mini moat , like 1 or 2 meters depth , and of course it still count as falling out of the map . 
  that was bullshit . 
  that 's still not enough . 
  to valhalla !, 
  pretty much anyone with no knowledge about the difference between dedicated servers and p2p ( technically , i mean ) , but their game works properly and they think it 's proof enough to go against the general opinion . 
  it 's okay , not everyone have to know this . 
  but people will never stop talking about topics they do n't remotely understand . 
  or maybe they do that for shit and giggles . 
  i thought the guitar part would sounds atrocious , but ... 
  i mean , how can it be so clean ?
