  lots of pics : http://index.hu/belfold/2013/06/04/jon_a_viz_-_kepeink/ - ruin pubs : they 'll need to pay a special fee ( ~ 7 cent/day/customer ) to the local council and this money can be used only for cleaning and maintaining their neighbourhood . 
  - hungarian shadow dancers won britain 's got talent . 
  - mark zuckerberg has visited hungary to play with dogs . 
  - poll : altogether 56 % of the voters would like to see a new government at next year 's election , 29 % supports the governing party . 
  - mild earthquake ( 4.2 ) - two amendments in the constitution following the ec 's recommendations . 
  - a guy almost got lynched by a roma mob after accidentally hitting a cycling boy with his car . 
  the boy fell but did n't suffer serious injuries , nevertheless his family attacked the driver . 
  the police arrived in time to stop them , unlike in the infamous lynching case in 2006 when a guy was beaten to death while her daughters were watching in the car . 
  gib summer !, 
  they did n't interfere with judicial independence . 
  also , the constitutional court is not a conventional court , it 's sole purpose to examine whether new laws agree with the constitution or not . 
  so if the parliament decided to pur sharia in the constitution then the constitutional court should annull all laws that are n't in line with sharia . 
  afaik the scope or the mere existence of a constitutional court or even a constitution is not a european value . 
  anyway , a detailed story : http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1f2r1e/whats_been_in_the_news_this_week_in_your_country/ca6ul97, 
  what a superficial article . 
  since when is the scope of a country 's constitutional court - if there 's such - has anything to do with fundamental european values ? 
  the root of the problem is the lack of the respect for democratic values and the over-patronizing mentality . 
   earlier this month , the european parliament 's rapporteur for the committee on civil liberties , justice and home affairs released a draft report concluding that the most recent amendment to the hungarian constitution violates fundamental european union values . 
  specifically , the report criticized measures that restrict the scope of the country 's constitutional court and preventing it from striking down laws passed with the support of two-thirds of parliament . 
  nope . 
  so far we 've needed to present a plan in every quarter about how we intend to reduce the deficit . 
  we do n't have to do that anymore as the ec estimates that it 's going to be under 3 % in the coming two years . 
  the procedure will restart if the deficit rises . 
  protect the trees , eat beaver . 
  ( which is not the same as eat pussy . 
  cats are holy animals . ), 
  thank you very much indeed , i most certainly will . 
  i can not live without english breakfast anymore . 
  edit : british politeness is a runner-up . 
  the biggest problem ? 
  i have to tell you most hungarians do n't give a shit about the constitutional court . 
  what seems outrageously autoritharian from germany , hardly moves an average hungarian . 
  they care about jobs , taxes , prices , healthcare , public safety , education , corruption but not really about such subtleties whether the constitutional court can investigate changes of the constitution itself or not . 
  i bet half of them does n't even know what the constitutional court is . 
  once i dated a girl who was a medical student , also really bright and educated in arts and history and had absolutely know idea who the pm was or what was the difference between the pm and the president . 
  the apathy towards politics is incredible . 
  ( reddit might give you a false impression . ), 
  half of the voters ( including myself ) - who actually could easily make this government go - can not find a party the 'd vote for . 
  this is a rather lengthy , detailed history of the battle between the conctitutional court and the government , in case you were interested : * `` god save us from people with good intentions . 
  '' * actually the constitutional court ( cc ) has been always a battleground between political groups , under each government . 
  its task is to filter out the stupid ideas of the government that do n't agree with the constitution . 
  it 's not quintessential , but knowing how short-sighted our politicians can be , it 's a good thing to have . 
  however , this government had a vision about how to make the country flourishing again , restart the economy etc. 
  ( all the good intentions ) and deemed the extensive rights of the cc to be an obstacle in the way of the future . 
  as they also happened to get a 2/3 majority at the elections - because the socialists were so widely hated , for a reason - they were able to change certain rules : first they made it possible to elect members of the cc without the opposition 's cooperation . 
  then they elected two new members who they preferred . 
  one of them ( istv\u00e1n stumpf ) was especially criticised as he did n't have an expertise in law an had close relationship with orb\u00e1n . 
  interestingly , he took his job rather seriously and did n't assist to the government 's plans . 
  the first confrontation was the case of 98 % special taxes . 
  some friends of the previous ` regime ' got golden handshakes when their service ended or were fired from well-paid positions for various reasons . 
  these were well-known examples of the proliferating corruption under the socialists . 
  so the government decided to get back some of this money , not because the amount actually mattered , rather to please voters . 
  they passed a bill that charged all the severance payments of civil servants back to 2005 with a special tax of 98 % if the amount exceeded a certain limit and `` were against good morals '' . 
  the cc of course rejected it , saying it applied to rightfully given severance payments too . 
  so they changed the constitution so that the cc could n't annull taxation laws anymore , unless they violate fundamental human rights . 
  ( in the meantime complaints against other new taxes were also submitted to the cc . ), 
  nevertheless the cc rejected it again , saying it was * ex post facto * , and as such , incomprehensible with fundamental human rights . 
  so finally they needed to limit the law 's scope to payments made after 2009 . 
  that went through the cc , but in one case it was rejected by the european court of human rights a few weeks ago , as it ` violates the * right to property * ' and there 're more ongoing lawsuits . 
  so the government will either appeal or pay a compensation . 
  as i remember , their argument was * `` we need to limit the rights of the cc because the parliament represents the people 's will and sense of justice and it 's not acceptable that a comittee completely overwrites that '' * or something similar . 
  later the cc annulled the law that allowed to fire the employees of government offices without giving a formal explanation why . 
  ( they wanted to reduce the numbers as a measure of austerity . ), 
  the government accepted the decision . 
  then , in the making of the new constitution , they enlarged the cc with 4 new members . 
  also , the new constitution changed the legal procedures and scope of the cc quite a lot , this time without big scandals . 
  the cc then annulled a bunch of new laws about churches , media and juries . 
  however , the government announced days before the decision that it 'll withdraw and modify those laws , so it was apparent that someone from the cc is informing the government about the upcoming decisions . 
  once again , one of the annulled laws - the public prosecutor can choose the jury he/she wants to try the suspect - was re-accepted , this time as a `` transitional measure of the constitution '' so the cc could n't examine it . 
  ( a special legal category invented for this purpose ) the following big confrontation was the case of student contracts , which finally led to the widely criticised * 4th amendment of the constitution * . 
  much as other countries , we 're struggling to finance the higher education . 
  so far it was free for most students . 
  first the government reduced the number of students who can get free higher education , then they introduced the ` student contract ' : students receiving free education had to sign a contract in which they agree that after receiving their degrees they 'll work in hungary for some years or pay back the tuition fees . 
  the cc annulled the law . 
  the cc also anulled the law that defined the ` family ' as a the marriage between man and woman , the law that criminalised ` using public areas for living ' i.e. 
  homelessness , then the annulled a bunch of the `` transitional measures of the constitution '' , saying they were n't transitional , including the reduction of retiring age of judges and prosecuting attorneys , the law of mandatory registration of voters , etc. 
  so the government got pissed off and with the 4th amendment they put many of the previously annulled laws right into the constitution and introduced some new ones as well . 
  so now the cc can not examine the amendments of constitution , laws regarding certain public finance matters ( e.g. 
  special taxes ) . 
  also the cc 's older decisions were repealed - although their legal consequences were n't - so the new loyal members do n't need to consider to them precedents . 
  the amendment resulted in demonstrations ( altohugh not really big ones , few thousand people ) , and heavy criticism from abroad . 
  also there was a row between a prominent politician of the ruling party and the aforementioned member of the cc , the former advisor of orb\u00e1n who 's become a critic . 
  as i said , most people do n't care , they consider it `` legal fiddling '' . 
  the dismemberment of the cc 's rights wont be the thing that causes the fidesz to loose the elections . 
  you mean this : http://www.amnesty.org/en/region/hungary/report-2013 ? 
  true , there were some peculiar measures , but it 's not that bad ... or we just got used to it under the previous government . 
  but come over in the summer for a spritzer and see it for yourself  orb\u00e1n is in a way similar to berlusconi and that 's a looong way from trying to establish a dictatorship . 
  i 'm pretty sure he 'll be reelected next year , because the opposition is a bunch of idiots but the first serious credible challenger will defeat him . 
  i think your angie 's assessment was about correct , there 's no need for ` cavalry ' yet . 
  although you could lend us some sensible politicians . 
  dat mass . 
  true , although they 're living with us for centuries and earlier they were more or less integrated into the society . 
  their impoverishment / ghettoization / segregation is a recent ( starting with ww2 ) development in our history . 
  nevertheless they make the news quite often . 
  every once in a while there 's a brutal homicide and when the murderer turns out to be some poor uneducated bastard connected to organized crime and happens to be roma , there 's a public outcry and the far-right party holds demonstrations in villages populated by roma , which is hard to not see as provocation . 
  also , the case of the serial killings comitted in 2009 against the roma is still ongoing , the court of first instance will give a sentence in june . 
  the whole thing is like a bitter soap opera , the details are blurry . 
  there were even speculations that either the slovak or the hungarian secret service was involved and used these looser skinheads . 
  ( the killings happened under the previous government . ), 
  they 've never rioted , unlike in neighbouring countries .
