  * ( ipa : _ \u0252 ra\u02d0k \u025b\u025f\u025b ki \u0252 si\u02d0v\u025bd _ ) approximately : `` the cancer shall eat you heart ! '', 
  or : * mi a r\u00e1k ? 
  * ( * mi \u0252 ra\u02d0k * ) meaning `` what the cancer ? '', 
  used like `` what the hell ? '', 
   jebem ti boga ( i fuck your god )  jebem ti kristovo raspece ( i fuck the crucifixion of jesus )  jebem ti pitu od kur ` anovih listova ( i fuck the pie of qur ` an pages ) holy shit !, 
   these are clearly the fruits of a society with at least two dominant religions . 
  one of my colleagues , a german girl , ususally bursts out in an endless stream of `` mist , mist , mist , mist , ... '' if somethings go wrong . 
  i found it very funny . 
   you can substitute every basic verb in polish with `` fuck '' that 's really impressive . 
  you must be a really polite and/or calm person . 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hcscaezflww my favourite hungarian is , e.g. 
  when ecxel crashes : `` szopn\u00e1l lovat ! '', 
  ( ipa : sopna\u02d0l lov\u0252t ) approximately : `` why do n't you give a blowjob to a horse ?! '', 
  i do n't think it would be much more complicated than keeping water buffalo or hungarian gray cattle , for instance . 
  however , probably they 're rather expensive and in some countries one might need to go through a hell of bureaucracy to get the necessary permissions . 
  i think many european languages use the same word for european and american bison and it 's official name is * bison bosanus * , so it 's not incorrect to call them ( european ) ` bisons ' . 
  you mean through the territorites of present day romania ? 
   after the roman army and administration left dacia , the territory was invaded by various migratory populations including goths , huns , gepids , avars , bulgars , pechenegs , and cumans . 
  romania as a modern nation state emerged in the 19th century . 
  earlier the ethnic composition of the population was different and the concept of nation as we know today was unknown . 
  the principalities of moldavia and wallachia were indeed invaded and ruled by several powers . 
  history lesson : the romani people of hungary were largely integrated into the society until ww2 . 
  they were travelling traders and craftsman , trading typically with horses , wooden tools etc. 
  of course , hey had a unique culture , that separated them from the rest of the society , but they were n't outcasts . 
  however , first the holocaust , then the communist dictatorship - that forced them to give up their traditional wandering lifestyle - caused huge cultural shocks . 
  they 've never managed to recover and find their place in the modern society . 
   edit : it means untouchable , apparently . 
  it does not _ mean _ ` untouchable ' . 
  it _ originates _ from a word that meant it long long time ago and that 's a big difference . 
  nowadays it only refers to the ethnic group nobody uses it in that meaning . 
  the roma people also call themselves cig\u00e1ny , zigeuner , tsigan etc. , even in formal language . 
  in certain countries its usage can be controversial , thanks to the recent rise of far right groups , who use that word in exclusively negative context . 
  edit : of course , in their own language they call themselves roma . 
  the north pole should belong to the polar bears, 
  what about the good old strauss-kahn trick ? 
  thank god you live in america , so the ignorant europeans do n't have to deal with you . 
  we have home-bred trolls in abundance ... 
  what do you consider ** legal ** ? 
  i 'm not sure if international law has any general rules for the case when a bunch of people , the majority of the population in an area agrees that they wan na live in an independent or autonomous state . 
  the outcome rather depends on economic circumstances , the will of regional/global powers , the degree of nationalism in the country . 
  i believe catalonia , scotland , flanders could secede ` legally ' and they would be recognised by most countries . 
  however , the very same thing led to mutual ethnic cleansing and bloody warfare in kosovo , abkhazia , south ossetia , nagorno-karabakh and so on . 
  or , how would romania react if hungarians in transylvania unilaterally declared autonomy ? 
  looks like someone found his balls . 
  kinda reminds me of the infamous `` multiculti has failed '' speech from angie, 
  indeed , and you have most of our lutefisk and black metal too :d along with girls who look like goddesses from the ancient nordic myths . 
  have no doubts , you 're welcomed in the eu anytime , folks . 
   the romance and germanic influences on esperanto stick out to me like a sore thumb . 
  it 's little wonder , as 4/5 of its vocabulary is from romance languages . 
  my mother tongue is from the finno-ugric family and when i first encountered esperanto without knowing its background , it seemed to me as if someone had blended italian and some slavic language . 
  according to the internet , its morphology and syntax has strong slavic influence . 
  if your mother tongue is a slavic language , maybe you would n't even notice though . 
  also , is alphabet is resemblant of the czech alphabet . 
   we might be forced to take responsibility for our opinions !, 
  if that means arterial bleeding for a negative opinion , i guess , i 'll be coward . 
  you probably do n't know that especially in rural eastern hungary nasty things typically comitted by romani people are not uncommon . 
  a few years ago there was shocking case : a teacher was driving through a village and almost hit a roma girl , who ran across the road just in front of his car . 
  he stopped to check if the girl is ok . she got only bruises when she fell into the roadside trench . 
  however , her family tought he intentionally hurt their daughter and the outraged romani mob lynched him on the spot . 
  his teenager daughters were sitting in the car and watching as their father was being beaten to death . 
  so , imagine the following situation : youre in a pub with your friends and a group of romani guys comes in . 
  you start talking to your pals about the government 's new anti-segregation measures . 
  saying ` zigan ' can be like saying ` negro ' in bronx . 
  the insult is taken for granted . 
  saying ` roma ' only guaranties their attention . 
  or : you 're travelling on a crowded tram at night , say , to a party . 
  at a stop a disturbing group of romani youngsters gets on - shouting , listening roma music loudly , disregarding any european norms of public behaviour . 
  you might wan na warn your pal to put his iphone away without provoking confrontation . 
  as i pointed out in another comment , these things do n't happen because their skin is brown but because they 're outcasts . 
  of course , not all of them , i know a few , who managed to integrate into the society . 
  those stereotypes unfortunately have a solid core . 
  but it 's not because of their ` race ' , it 's because they live on the fringe of the society . 
  there 're several theories about when and why romani people became outcasts in various european countries . 
  and it 's a vicious circle : the culture formed in outlawry makes it extremely hard for those people to find their way back to the society . 
  extensive measures would be necessary to change the situation , and misinterpreted ` political correctness ' makes this almost impossible . 
  as far as i know its grammar is dominantly borrowed from slavic languages , namely polish and russian . 
  but to be honest , i barely know anything about slavic grammar . 
  unfortunately . 
  hungarians often call them `` norvegians '' or `` swedish '' , especially in the their presence , to avoid confrontation . 
  if a romani group overhears someone using the words `` roma '' or `` zigan '' , they would usually assume that they are being talked about in a derogative manner and they would start a confrontation , at least verbally . 
  although i think their assumption is valid in most cases . 
  no , you definitely do not . 
  last time i checked the map norway was n't in the eu . 
  sorry , you 're completely right . 
  i only knew that he was born in the russian empire and russian had a major influence on esperanto . 
  ironically , you 're right . 
  at least it can cause more mess . 
  uk is n't in the eurozone , if it went bankrupt and exited the eu - everyone would suck but the eu would n't crumble . 
  however , if the frustrated spaniards show their middle fingers to the euro ... that shakes the sterling too . 
  and the brand new hypermodern [ queen elizabeth class aircraft carriers ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/magazine-18237029 ) wo n't help . 
  yes , i know what esperanto is ( see my comment below ) , but i 'm not really convinced that it - constructed more than a century ago by a single russian guy - would be the best solution as a european language . 
  i 'm not sure that `` a language lexically predominantly romance , morphologically intensively agglutinative '' would be well-suited to the linguistic preferences of the european population . 
  great intellectual achievement though . 
  not sure who hates whom . 
   we are far from irrelevant , unlike most eu we do not need to cling onto the coattails of others . 
   britain is great . 
  no educated person can deny the british contribution to european culture , but you should wake up from imperial dreams , folks : the empire is long gone , just like the spanish empire , and you better watch out for scotland or they 'll take the blue from the union jack . 
  uk 's economy is in recession again , and make no mistake , should uk severe economic ties with the eu for some inexplicable reason and foolishly disconnect itself from the single market , the british islands would see very , very unpleasant times . 
  i ca n't see why an artificial language could n't work if there 's a political willingness to encourage its use . 
  the case of esperanto proves that it 's possible to construct a working language .
