sorry but that sounds very made up , you got a source ? 
  where does germany get electricity from now ? 
  tell them how deadly every other source of electricity is and we will return to the stone age , oh wait burning wood is bad for the environment too so we should just lay down and die !, 
  say we make up an example , 19 out of 20 prisoners rehabilitate and become productive members of society after serving their sentence , 1 does n't and continue their criminal ways after being released . 
  you want to doom the other 19 for the action of the 1 ? 
  this was just something pulled out of my ass to explain my point and i hope it was clear enough . 
  sounds like the american prison system which as we know is flawless . 
  why ? 
  is n't life in prison being bored day in and day out a better punishment ? 
  the man is going to sit behind bars , bored out of his mind for the next 50-70 years . 
  that to me sounds like a better punishment than a quick painless death . 
  it 's entertaining to hear them talk too !, 
  sorry norwegians but if you did n't speak funny swedish i would n't make fun of you . 
  it 's still in europe but i have my target set for norway . 
  looking back at this in 2030 will be interesting , wonder what the total cost of this will be by then . 
  men orka , heh . 
  what are they rioting for ? 
   fall of human civilization . 
  this will not be the fall of human civilization . 
  it might get very ugly but humanity will survive . 
  you 've never seen wallace and gromit before ? 
  what a great start to the new year . 
  i 'm not trying to suck up and i have no idea how working a subreddit really is , and even though i might not agree with the rules i appreciate that you enforce them . 
  too many subreddits fall into a deep shithole when the mods do n't enforce the rules . 
  i do not for one second believe that the us forgot about him . 
  i like nr 7 . 
  what a lovely fanbase you got justin . 
  sounds like black magic . 
  norway or the moon , maybe australia . 
  ~ ~  as is customary in sweden and he was told that he would subsequently be deported from the country . ~ ~, 
  not sure about the rest of europe but i consider my neighbour countries distant family ( norway , denmark , finland . 
  even iceland to some degree ) . 
  so europe to me is the nordic and our history , the viking age is probably my favourite . 
  sweden , i 'm not sure how to put it into words but it kinda feels like you only have one option when you want an education , if that options does n't work for you then you 're out of luck . 
  at least that 's how i feel after struggling and failing for years trying to finish my high school diploma . 
  reading ` aftonbladet ' could be part of your ab workout routine . 
  would probably be more effective than most of the shit you can buy from tv-shop . 
  ** counter-terrorist win **, 
  i 'm curious to how it will play out once the lgbt movement clashes with these type of radicals . 
  could you summarize the comments on the article ? 
  as a swede i would n't want to be ruled by a swede either , we 're crazy . 
  this thread just makes me feel really badly about my current living situation , i already did before but i did n't need more added to the pile . 
  last time i cared about it finland won . 
  * that * was the 11 year old ? 
  damn she did n't look that young . 
  reporter : `` sir do you believe leaving the eu was the right decision ? '', 
  sir : `` denmark '' reporter : '' ... ok then '', 
  i fell off my chair again . 
  i tried to make sense of that picture and fell off my chair . 
  i am 99 % certain they 're not aiming at * any * customer of european origin . 
  mass production of gripen has begun , the incineration of the netherlands will take place 2 years from now on the 30th of april . 
  there was nothing unexpected about that . 
  you know how it feels to have that one boy have a crush on you in school ? 
  it 's kinda cool , you know . 
  but when every boy in school has a crush on you it 's just taxing . 
  basically whatever trump says our media has to say the opposite . 
  * waves hand *, 
  i have about 250 times more faith in my fellow nordic countries than in * any * european country . 
   it gets even ~ ~ funnier ~ ~ sadder very very , very sad . 
  `` we did n't want alzheimer , we wanted brain cancer ! '', 
  norway has oil so why not ? 
  we made sure to establish our civilization early by warmongering our asses off , only to focus on culture later on . 
  and over 50 % did n't vote at all . 
  easy karma ( notice how op 's the most upvoted comment with 500 karma ? ), 
  i love how the top comment about the dutch election is about america . 
  i 'd wager that last 10 years has had a more impact than the other 30 . 
  people back then did n't know how great they had it . 
  so nobody work within industry , construction , security and foresting which all require some if not a lot of moving around ? 
  the way you 're talking you make it sound like we do n't do any manual labor at all because we got robots in every industry that does n't involve sitting . 
  i love our culture so very very much !, 
  it 's always been a dream of mine to see a united nordic union , even tho it seems unlikely . 
  but together i think we could rival the most powerful and influential empires in history . 
  for more entertainment read last years ' thread sorted by controversial . 
  / u/sporite was ahead of his time with this beauty :  can the internet stop talking about trump . 
  followed by this response :  can the internet stop talking about sanders . 
  who sexually identifies as wheat . 
  there 's a cool video on youtube where they show what would happened to all our infrastructure if humanity suddenly disappeared . 
  and i 'm guessing these people that grew up during that time are now the people in power . 
  yes but a tsunami might hit these power plants in the middle of europe !!, 
  what is it with you people that the only option seems to be to take in everyone or kill them ? 
  how about we focus on europe first before we focus on refugees ? 
  you know like building homes for our students and taxpayers , take care of our old and frail who worked their entire life for the europe we live in today , have healthcare worthy of the 21st century that no citizen should be excluded from . 
  if trump builds a wall we should invite all the south americans too !, 
  every bloody human that wants a better way of life should pack a bag and head for europe . 
  people love to talk about integration but all i see is segregation . 
  why the hell is sweden not even on the list ? 
  well now i feel stupid for wondering who 's the biggest in my country . 
  our feet and hands get insanely filthy from daily use so we should probably cut them off . 
  sounds like we need to invade poland to make them answer for their ancestors crimes . 
  how ? 
  i went to london recently and it feels like you guys got a church on every city block and they all look amazing !, 
  what did you just call me ? 
   if your home had just been bombed , what would you want the rest of the world to do ? 
  i personally would think either norway ( probably norway ) , finland or denmark would take us in , we would do the same for them . 
  i sure as hell would n't flee to italy or france . 
  how 's the migration crisis going nowadays anyway ? 
  last time i paid attention people were screaming for walls to be built . 
  and every other empire that did n't last long enough to get their mark in on history . 
  since when d'you reckon the next one is ? 
  i 'd like to make it my vacation because i love hearing people yell in angry french .
