  i would not , never . 
  might be , perhaps that your male boss encourage girls to dress up or down more because eye candy ? 
  italy still a boot, 
  can this sub not become a copy of r/pics ? 
  so we should elect people not for what they have between the ears but for what 's between their legs ? 
  the female politicians in sweden seem to want less rights and less security for women . 
  i unsubscribed from r/television because the sub was infected with this guy 's content . 
  hopefully it wo n't dominate this sub too . 
  our ancestors died so we could have arguments over the internet !, 
  what 's the book called , voldemort ? 
  why wo n't anyone say its name ? 
  that 's pretty aggressive, 
  man all north korea has to do now is talk shit about trump and reddit will love them . 
  it 's almost like there 's a big issue that a lot of people care a lot about but few politicians are willing to talk about because racism , no sorry `` racism '' . 
  ya 'll americans better take your guns you hold so dearly and go out hunting some republicans , the rest of the world support you . 
  you 're saying that like everyone except republicans were born with the knowledge of climate change . 
  it means `` here are the 1 or 2 people we blame if shit goes wrong '' notice how everything 's bush , obama and now trump 's fault ? 
  he basically called rural areas too stupid to know any better . 
  is there * anything * you people wo n't criticise trump for ? 
  if he eats salmon for lunch will you criticize him for that ? 
  will you criticize him for the brand of toilet paper he uses ? 
  `` oh he uses y brand ? 
  at least * our * macron got class because uses x brand which is vastly superior ! '', 
  how would you know ? 
  it 's not the only mistake in the picture if you care to look , the date is also wrong with 900 years . 
  2917 was 100 years ago ? 
  it seems like someone had a lot to do and not enough time , just rushing through gettings things done and in the process missed a name and got the date wrong . 
  date is still wrong !, 
  seriously seems like someone had a little too much to do and not enough time thus did some mistakes ( missed a name and got the date wrong with 900 years ), 
  how does the jas planes hold up compared to the american ones ? 
  stop assuming he 's a racist you racist . 
   yes , sweden and germany are sunny all year around til . 
  `` no foreigners please '', 
  you mean like they do right here ? 
   but i do n't think people read to much in to these . 
  well that 's where you 're wrong . 
  tiny trump flaw ? 
  someone took a picture in the last half a second of the handshake http://edition.cnn.com/2017/05/25/politics/macron-trump-handshake/ to make trump look as bad as possible and you 're all eating this shit up . 
  yeah trump sure got schooled here , totally http://edition.cnn.com/2017/05/25/politics/macron-trump-handshake/, 
  how was he emasculated ? 
  i can not fucking believe i had to scroll this far down to find some sense in all this mess . 
  fuck , people on reddit make fun of trump and t_d for their fake news shit and at the same time reddit upvote shit like this !, 
  yeah no fucking wonder they 're talking about fake news . 
  here 's the full handshake for anyone curious http://edition.cnn.com/2017/05/25/politics/macron-trump-handshake/, 
  how about you watch the full context before you take a picture on reddit and run with it ? 
  who told you they have a plan for trump 's handshakes ? 
  spreading fake news are we ? 
  what do i think is wrong with this ? 
  how about you watch the full video of the handshake then come back to me http://edition.cnn.com/2017/05/25/politics/macron-trump-handshake/, 
  i guess you got that impression from reddit ? 
  the same place that tries its damn hardest to make donald look bad no matter what ? 
  remember that `` horrible '' picture of trump leaving his plane without walking side by side with melania ? 
  yeah cherry picked to drive the hatemachine on reddit , similar pictures could be find in the comments of ** obama ** , bush , clinton , bush sr , reagan , carter and ford . 
  did you listen to that speech trump gave in the fallout of the manchester attacks ? 
  yep reddit found a way to shit on him for it . 
  fuck , you people shit on r/the _ donald for being a `` safe space '' and echo chamber , well what in the fuck is the rest of reddit then if not a damn echo chamber for the anti-trump agenda ? 
  i thought it was reddit , this place usually becomes obsessed by the most ridiculous things . 
  did you see that picture of him smiling with an angry looking pope in r/pics ? 
  the top comment in that post was of another picture with trump and the pope smiling . 
  yeah reddit is not trying to push an agenda , no not at all . 
  if he did that and this and so on , remember when you folks did n't think he stood a sliver of chance to be in the election at all ? 
  really ? 
  i thought r/europe was better than r/pics and the 40 other anti-trump subs but i guess i was wrong . 
  we work too damn long for too damn long !, 
  history is so cool, 
  would be hard to guess since the song has n't been made yet . 
  i just imagined esc being hosted by germany and sweden sends sabaton with another ww1 or ww2 themed song . 
  seriously tho the fact that sweden has n't sent a metal band yet ( to my knowledge ) is a travesty . 
  that was the last eurovision i had fun watching , like when someone asks me what i thought of x years esc ( that i did n't watch ) i 'll just say `` eh it was alright but nothing beats 06 '' , it was also the moment i realized that i fucking love metal . 
  i am not but it 's very reassuring that he 's willing to work with the la pen voters . 
  eh we got our good and our bad parts , much like every other country on the planet . 
  and unless macron addresses the concerns of his opponent 's voters you 'll see an even larger turnout for the alt-right candidate next election . 
  assuming the next 4 years are n't better than the past 2 . 
  i have seen this shit happening in my own country , the established government ignoring the concerns of the `` nazi '' party which has only caused them to grow more and more and more . 
  hiding behind racist insults does n't work anymore you need to work together or next election you 'll see a la pen 2.0, 
  you move forward i move towardsward, 
  later 3 men showed up but were also unable to handle that guy , but that does n't equal as many clicks . 
  you mean like every leader that came before him and every leader that will come after him ? 
  yeah colour me shocked . 
  was n't he very critical to the ttip ? 
  and when trump said how critical he was of it did n't reddit suddenly change opinion that ttip is good for us ? 
  to me it sounds like he sees 5 doors at the end of a hallway and he tries to open all 5 of them instead of just 1 and then giving up . 
  nono you see on reddit trump is a pussy if he does n't cooperate with eu and he 's a pussy when he does . 
  see in the future if a major attack happens on u.s soil and trump chooses not to use nukes on the attacking nation , reddit will call him a pussy for not using nukes . 
  deals with eu = lots of money , does trump supporters hate money ? 
  you 're not calling a racist racist , you 're calling someone who 's critical of the current immigration and refugee policy racist , someone who was n't in the other team until they felt shunned from the `` good '' side because of name calling and harassment . 
  well i just shivered over the thought of that . 
  i think ww1 had a bigger influence on what eu would later become , mostly in my opinion due to the large economical export to the u.s , i am curious to how britain would 've ended up like if they had held their wealth instead of dumping it all into the warmachine . 
  it is not about telling people what to think but to challenge their opinions without harassment or trying to kill their social status and careers . 
  yes i do blame people like you and the parties that represent you , if the only counter you have to criticism against immigration and the refugee crisis is name calling , harassment and in some cases completely ruining someone 's social status and career then we deserve the rise of the right wing . 
  if only to remind us that silencing a large group of people through fear and force does n't work , hell if history has taught us anything it only helps those groups grow which is what has been fucking happening lately . 
  educating works , name calling does fucking not, 
  the point is you ca n't call someone a racist bigot and then be surprised when they do n't vote for the `` good '' party . 
  can i go there ? 
  i 'm blaming the current parties in power for completely shunning , shaming and insulting people who were critical towards the massive influx of refugees and immigrants from 3rd world countries over these past years . 
  we would n't have this problem with the right wing if people could just talk without labeling anyone against immigration/refugees as a racist bigots . 
  the fact that a lot of their concerns has come to fruition has benefited the right wing immensely . 
  if only there were a way to show them , teach them that maybe there 's a better option ? 
  nah let 's just call them racist bigots and move on with our lives !, 
  nothing bad could possibly happen by widening the gap in the country / s,
