  then the estonian government , if it takes in these refugees , must force the refugees to go to estonian neighbourhoods and if they do n't , kick them out . 
  they 're there at the behest of the estonian government and if the eu wants them to integrate , they should do this all over the eu . 
  the same can happen to the refugees if they go to estonia . 
  split them from each other and place them in estonian neighbourhoods which would force them to integrate rather than create ghettos . 
  obviously , if they do become parents , they have a duty then . 
  that 's how it usually is . 
  the stronger the economy and the more developed the country , the lower the birthrate . 
  educated people with high living expectancy do n't really want children until they 're 35 + , which means they 'll probably have 1 child . 
  the russians mostly group up do n't they in estonia . 
  if you force them to divide themselves into estonian neighbourhoods , they will integrate . 
  might as well kick them out if they beat somebody up for being gay . 
  maybe you 'd like to be tortured ? 
  what the fuck do you guys want ? 
  they 're leaving europe and returning home , is n't that what europe has wanted for at least a year now ? 
  black lives matter , too , mr whitelivesmatter, 
  except they 're not `` hoodrats '' and there were black people in north america before the slave trade . 
  also , you being a `` latvian-american '' would mean your family would be very unlikely to have been in north america before the 1600s with the english colonisers . 
  especially as the first latvians recorded in the us came in the 1600s . 
  remember , the english were n't the first europeans in north america and unless you 're one of those vinlanders , you 're probably wrong . 
  but , you know , you do n't have to believe me , no one has to believe anything they do n't want to believe . 
  but i will always doubt you . 
  yes , now they are . 
  do n't forget the african-americans who were probably in the us for far longer than your family has ever been . 
  edit : guess you deleted your comment because you realised you were wrong what , you 're unhappy that black people have been in `` your '' country for longer than your entire family has ? 
  except much of the western did dress women up like that . 
  especially greece . 
  anyway , not all muslim women have to dress like that , only the most zealot ones . 
  most muslim women only wear a hijab . 
  plus , do n't forget japan . 
  also , if you find it hard to believe , you do n't have to believe me , just do a little bit of research into the `` islamic golden age '' . 
  google it . 
  your choice . 
  the us is arrogant thinking it will always be powerful . 
  well , like father , like son . 
  except before colonisation , the islamic world was doing very well . 
  in fact , the middle east was the most developed region west of the indus during the dark and middle ages , obviously no one could beat china until the industrial revolution . 
  lover standards, 
  except the vikings were from norway, 
  northern europe needs a drug intervention, 
  which is weird considering how catholic they are, 
  all western countries should never have intervened in the m.e. 
  there were no wmds and iraq and afghanistan were slowly improving before the americans fucked it up . 
  due to corruption, 
  american estonians , well , that 's a sight i 'd love to see ... 
  fuck yeah , technocracy !, 
  seriously , technocracy is much better . 
  well , leavers are stupid : http://www.theguardian.com/politics/ng-interactive/2016/jun/23/eu-referendum-live-results-and-analysis, 
  until scotland leaves . 
  so , calm it . 
  stupid people vote stupidly . 
  fact of life . 
  over 50 , calm it , bruv . 
  it 's still not finished as of 04:58 , we got over 50 constituencies left to declare . 
  over 2 million votes . 
  only the swiss germans . 
  is d\u00fcsseldorf a good city to live in ? 
  switzerland . 
  the seine . 
  beautiful and dangerous . 
  `` think '' ? 
  i 'll have you know , britannia rule the waves !, 
  as expected . 
  this ca n't be bad for europe . 
  they first become christian . 
  then they become western culturally . 
  after intermarrying with the locals , they will become majority european after a few generations . 
  the queen . 
  the only queen . 
  have you seen the doge of venice ? 
  thank you for this information . 
  also , what about the rhineland ? 
  is the cost of living and salary good there for it workers ? 
  africa needs investment not aid , we need to do what china is doing for africa . 
  build infrastructure and schools and hospitals . 
  many of these countries which experienced this kind of investment have improved more than any european aid as the aid only goes to corrupt governments . 
  you were all norse once . 
  iceland , it 's a very egalitarian country . 
  it truly is a beautiful country with some of the oldest cities in europe . 
  i just wish poverty was n't such a big problem there , or anywhere . 
  what regions have the highest salaries for it in germany ? 
  no , because we 're the same species . 
  elephants and fish are not related . 
  why does germany have so many constituencies and france and spain have barely any ? 
  where do you think the parodies come from ? 
  well , i 'm becoming black irish , then, 
  except the largest proportion of the working class voted labour . 
  showing they are clearly bigots, 
  and ? 
  not all muslims wear turbans . 
  in fact , most muslims do n't wear turbans . 
  but turbans are very common among sikh men . 
  so , why attack sikhs ? 
  except may wo n't do that . 
  it 's more complex than just islam . 
  it 's about muslims , who are disproportionately poorer in many european countries . 
  and they do experience racism , but many disguise it as `` islamophobia '' . 
  how can it be islamophobia if they attack sikhs who are n't muslims , just brown ? 
  this is why the left supports muslims , but they still protest the turks and saudi arabia . 
  except the one on the right is true . 
  norway , iceland and switzerland follow most eu law and are part of the single market .
