  you press record , make sure you click on all trees , go to settings to ignore timeouts and press the ` play for x times ' when you are inside dota . 
  there is a strange thing happening . 
  i took out my internet cable , cut some trees , closed dota , put intenret back , open dota and the trees that i cut offline where counted . 
  i am sure my steam library worths more 94 $ it says . 
  maybe it counts the games discounted ? 
  i put more money that that on steam and mostly bought things on discount . 
  i wish it counted the ingame purchases i did like csgo or dota passes . 
  i waited 12 hours or something and nor quest or game counted . 
  was the one with aa . 
  the thing is it counts the games you lose an not the ones you win . 
  what does it mean games in bundle are not counted ? 
  a lot of games are in bundles . 
  does it see all the games that can be in a bundle in my library and doesnt count them at all ? 
  i mean the bundle still costs you something . 
  steam db says my acount has 800 $ worth of games and 250 $ of those games discounted . 
  i counted all the games i purchased with discount and they cost around 80 euros . 
  too bad i ca n't enter for 5 $, 
  it doesnt count civ : v , chivalry , portal 2 , just cause 2 , arma 2 , garry 's mod and some other i guess of mine which alone cost more than 100 $ in steam market . 
  it is weird that cs seems to not be in bundle . 
  i bought garrys mod in a bundle with cs . 
  they could use at least the lowest price of the bundle . 
  there are too many steam games that are in bundles . 
  in the beginning of pass the winnings wher calculated also by the enemy bet but didnt gave you bonus of enemy team when you won the game . 
  yea they forgot to change the in game algorithm . 
  i thought it was a bug because i did n't get any points of enemy bet neither they appear on history but i understood that valve changed it on purpose after other players said they were n't getting any points from enemy bets . 
  it will be completed in 1 hour i guees . 
  15 min update 2 bilion trees cut, 
  has anybode test it on intel hd 4000 drivers lowest settings ? 
  is it playable ? 
  i am hoping for a last moment level buy from players to buy the lc map so i guess i will put higher than this . 
  thanks !, 
  missed it the previous time and now i grabbed one !, 
  http://beta.deadbydaylight.com/saveme/6842d581a3d9f5a4a754c8a66427d1d1 help please, 
  wow that was fast . 
  i took the key, 
  i took a key . 
  did we take the key when yours gets completed or each one gets his key by his own completion ? 
  i clicked one link in this post 10 minutes ago that i guess was n't completed . 
  it gave me a link and a timer of 20 minutes to get the key when people click . 
  then i got the key . 
  i guess they either give a some codes after some minutes . 
  try refreshing the page or clicking links people share here . 
  rocket league . 
  thanks !, 
  rocket league !, 
  out of reach . 
  survival multiplayer game on steam that looks good and has good score . 
  never played it but looks cool . 
  i guess lazyguys offered them some money if he gave them some keys for their bundle . 
  does anyone know if as developer you pay steam for the keys , you can have as many as you want , or it gives you some free ? 
  i use rss feed reader . 
  it shows a number of how many new posts are there that decreases when you read the posts . 
  its red when there is a new post so you can notice easily, 
  it appears in your google search history that it has been a search for [ something ] in ruinmysearchhistory.com so it is saved to your google account but the ruinmysearchhistory appears too, 
  you still need a confirmation email or code from the app to get to your account . 
  if a lan cafe tries to steal its users accounts it will get known and it will lose popularity . 
  in a lan i played they asked me to make an account to get on a pc with my name and phone number . 
  i had my personal disk space which was connected to a main disk i think . 
  in most lans pcs are reseted after a reboot which happens when a user times runs out so a user ca n't install anything to steal passwords . 
  i had some problems with importing some packages when opening python from python35/scripts folder but worked fine with the exe from python35 folder . 
  i used the command sys.path.insert ( 0 , `` c : / users/yourusername/appdata / local/programs/python / python35/lib/site-packages '' ) from sys module when i wanted to run a script from shell , so i can import modules from there . 
  this may help, 
  disable addblock and refresh page . 
  i pressed login and a blank box appeared , not a full screen . 
  doing above fixed it, 
  712 hoping for dead by daylight but probably wont get a big sale cause it just got released, 
  i need the x8 cause summer is very hot in greece and my laptop gets very hot !, 
  i have $ 1057 value 281 with sales even i havent put that much in steam . 
  however i still cant join steam gifts cause they value as 0 all games that can be in a bundle . 
  yea . 
  why does it need rich users anyway ? 
  they do n't need the giveaways as much the poor users do . 
  they can verify accounts for not beeing bots with other ways too like game hours / achievements/activity . 
  i have 96.92 $ as the site counts it and ca n't enter for 3.08, 
  i had 4gb of ram with intel hd 4000 . 
  i had a problem with memory leak and when i opened a game that needed arround 1gb of ram my computer compresses all the other processes to system process and sometimes the game was crashing . 
  i upgraded to 8 and now loading times are faster . 
  the games that i play take more place in ram now which means it is loading all the stuff it needs without having to load them later in game . 
  / u/l3th4lusta what random games can you win ? 
  put an rss feed reader for posts so you do n't miss them . 
  i think people at low compendium level will spend more money at the end of the battlepass to get the new map . 
  i mean if i am 25-50 levels behind the 125 level i may put another 10-20 euro to get the map . 
  at least that is what i hope to happen . 
  i predicted the pool to reach 25-26m . 
  they advertised that map in the manila major so i guess more people want to have it . 
  / u/l3th4lusta, 
  some people use to call a and say some commands to pick a comment . 
  i will try to find it . 
  edit the bot its the ballbot . 
  and you use it by typing this / uu/ballbot draw 1 with one u. 
  [ link ] ( http://giveaway_helper.tagpro-stats.com/ ), 
  one guess . 
  the immortals will be beastmater , crystam maiden , dark seer , drow , elder titan , lina , razor , skywrath, 
  i do n't have to do anything . 
  i just opened the the compressed files and there was a folder with only those heroes inside . 
  it probably means nothing cause some of them have immortals but who knows . 
  steam cards, 
  insurgency 37, 
  entered, 
  thanks,
