  i think there is a bug where a part outside the minimap registers as the minimap so you click the ground but it takes you to the dire base . 
  i use to do that a lot now . 
  dont know if it 's because i use different map size in 7.00 than 6.88 and my brain is used to old so i click inside the minimap or the minimap registers clicks outside it or there is pathing bug . 
  this is like the continue of that national geographic film where snakes were chasing newborns lizards . 
  the one that escaped goes to take revenge for his fallen siblings . 
  you move your legs before she vacuums the floor same as monkey king gets moved before the tree is getting cut . 
  legs = monkey , floor dirt = trees . 
  someone told me that you need to stop when a horse is coming to your car cause horses ca n't understand the right distance of a moving object and jump over it . 
  he does n't get the sniper 's talent tree though . 
  all his talents are pushed forward by one position . 
  the left tier x talent goes to right tier x +1 . 
  he gets nerfed by doing that cause he has to chose between a lower tier and higher tier skill . 
  if he wanted to get the +15 inteligence at level 15 he would have to do it at 20 for example, 
  if you steal the necro ghost thing you can also get the double regen too without losing the buff . 
  i remember bloodseeker with blademail getting culling blade by axe while one had the bloodrage was killing axe and healing the bloodseeker . 
  valve could hire a few people to view reports and decide if what they see its bannable . 
  if a player uses his reports correctly his reports will count more , if he is not then his reports wo n't . 
  then you will have some good reporters and bad reporters . 
  if a player reports for no reason then you can check that the players he is reporting are n't getting reported by good reporters . 
  so with this way you can find who is good or bad reporter . 
  paralyzing ask : abutalanasunebas the enemies and they paralyze trying to understand the question, 
  does lotus orb reflect spells by antimage aghs ? 
  like if now lc gets a lotus orb will he alos duel antimage and gain the +18 +58 damage ? 
  same works with dust . 
  i gave dust to a friend and the cooldown was going down slowly, 
  just put an option in settings that you can select where you want it and everyone is happy, 
  https://www.facebook.com/fhamatorofficial/videos/1755236674797496/ i know facebook its not appreciated here but it 's funny . 
  treant is pretty good support with pa. 
  he heals a lot . 
  reached level 9 and then game started to lag with all those meepos and creeps . 
  also his w triggers the chicken a lot of times, 
  btw did anyone managed to block the chicken ? 
  wait till next round where game lags with tons of creeps filling the screen . 
  does heart work too ? 
  anyone tried it ? 
  i got loged in after 4 minutes, 
  i agree . 
  had a game were we didnt go well and one player in our team got mad and started insulting whole team . 
  i reported him for saying ` fuck your mom ' . 
  i had a game where tiny in a stack was tosing me and other unstacked player in the creeps to die and ruined game . 
  one tip . 
  in the last level with magus you can wait till your buyback cd refreshes/shrines refreshing/mana refreshing before you agro the invoker so i guess you should have time with techies to plant bombs . 
  dont know if techies can reach to level 15 though . 
  got a game to level 15 where we had treant underlod phoenix wyvern and medusa in our team and we lost by ivoker spirits rating our base . 
  when 7.00 came out i had hard time to get use to the new map . 
  it seemed like a completely different map to me and coudlnt focus on gameplay . 
  i think you will need a lot of time to get use to playing in 2 maps depending on which side you are . 
  she has a skill that gives her damage to farm easy . 
  she has a spell that deals a lot of damage at early game and she can solo kill an offlaner at level 6-7 . 
  her w can help her clear camps fast and clear waves with ilusions . 
  her w can kill enemy supports and deal damage to whole enemy team in team fights . 
  also pushing with ilusions make it hard to defend as you get damage from her w. i started spamming luna as i saw i was losing most games vs her recently and won 6/7 games with her . 
  when i see that enemy team has a slark or antimage i tell my team to go trillane off and deny farm to enemy carry cause most times i can deal with a lane alone and get farm . 
  stardew valley 726, 
   * added like button to effigy panel, 
  now i can know that noone likes my effigy . 
  thanks valve, 
  i used the ctrl before 7.00 cause i got used to it when i was playing lol . 
  so meepo chen and io ? 
  hovers over flair : ` malakas ', 
  dude stop you wrote it 10 times . 
  i try to do it with most heroes and also put items in backpack and back 5 secs before using mana boots or shrines . 
  i am curious why we dont see all pros doing tread switch in pro games . 
  puck :, 
  level 25 talent increased from +300 gold/min to +420, 
  valve is memeing us, 
  i drink a beer called vergina https://themorrisyouknow.files.wordpress.com/2014/04/vergina.jpg, 
  free game no bitching, 
  bind a key in console to `` say / laugh '' . 
  there are some heroes like necro or bane that their laugh is very annoying that will tilt enemy and your team maybe . 
  i think the `` say / taunt '' does something too . 
  i was expecting that but i guess reddit diplomats are better than our real diplomats . 
  whats the number near our the cordinates of our tag ? 
  yea he knew he could backdoor and kill fountain like he did in the end but he didnt . 
  that game could have ended far earlier, 
  iic there was a bug that numbers were appearing +2 in non enlgish clients . 
  did you try to actually report and see what happens ? 
  it might be a visible bug . 
  https://youtu.be/xqsfmgioh9u?t=1m34s this at 1:34, 
  posting here to get banned . 
  also their rules says that you will get banned for commenting anti-social or anti-communist things . 
  yea lets ban everyone that tries to make an argument . 
  makes sense . 
  and he even boted his low priority games . 
  you can see when it is gon na find game so you cancel the queue, 
  this got posted today https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f_ghahaqqqg, 
  comment, 
  this made me anxius, 
  gon na buy it if it comes out . 
  i think they realeased the last one in summer, 
  i will calculate the difference and use the different value from each year with 2016 - 2017 format, 
  * 45 quests with 3 stars : 2000 - 1000, 
  * 20k vs 15k wagger points for 2000 - 3000, 
  * no regional qualifiers for 2017 vs 3100 points of 2016 ( 1-10-30 guesses ), 
  * no points for arcana vote in 2017 - 1100 for 2016, 
  * no points for gifting battlepass on 2017 - 2000 for 2016, 
  * for treasures you could get 7 +1 = 8k for 6-15 treasures which is 533 points per treasure . 
  in 2017 you can get 1.5 + 4.5 = 6k for 6-12 treasures which is 500 points per treasure . 
  * in 2016 there is a collector 's cache achievement but there has n't been a collector 's cache release for 2017 so let 's not count it . 
  * in 2017 we have the quiz prediction for 1750 points total .
