  when you return back to base to regen mana faster drop your int items , press soul ring , botle your self , pick the items when you almost full and after that rearm your boots . 
  use your soul ring when tping in lanes so you get more mana . 
  edit : if you get ganked in lane pre boots at level 5 use your e blind the highest right clicker and try to take a kill if possible . 
  tidebringer jinada , enchant totem and grow . 
  if you get tidebringer with any of this its pretty good . 
  can someone tell me what pokemon is this anaglyph ? 
  http://i.imgur.com/a5qq76f.png i do n't know a lot about pokemon . 
  i tried to find it in a pokemon list but did n't seem familiar wiht anything . 
  i guess the list i saw doesnt have the ingame icons . 
  at first i was like it 's one of those impressive physics that get posted here and then at this subredit but nope . 
  spectre quest seems bugged . 
  kills after using reallity doesnt work, 
  kills after using reality seems bugged now . 
  it does n't count . 
  damage from dispresion semms buged too . 
  i can clearly see enemies taking damage from that but it doenst count it . 
  one moment i noticed a ranged creep attack me and it counted the damage done to enemy hero by that . 
  we had pa mid and shaker support in game . 
  our roaming pudge doesnt give tango cause he is roaming and shaker either . 
  pa shouts at shaker . 
  shaker then denies the wards he bought and says he doesnt support that pa. we managed to win somehow . 
  wait some time for people to understand that their report is more valuable so they use it better . 
  hopefully there will be less reports from players that start shouting report my mid/carry for not carrying us/having 2 deaths above me . 
  there will be still people that will spend their report as soon as they lose their first game though . 
  the majority would use it better i hope . 
  maybe valve wants to make an automated system that will detect if report is punishable so it needs a good sample of correct reports . 
  reports from players that false report will count less . 
  comment, 
  spent 2.5 euro today on cards and recycled some cards ( even a gold one ) to get my ad finem teleport . 
  worth !, 
  i dont know . 
  i guess only during major since cards will expire . 
  just get all 5 players of one team . 
  there is a select team effect on top where you chose the team . 
  doesnt matter if you have 4 cards green and one silver or gold . 
  it will count it as green team effect . 
  you need 5 silver or 5 gold for other effects . 
  it worked for me in game . 
  it draws it in the place you teleport . 
  dont know if it works with boots of travel . 
  didnt notice . 
  it doenst work in demo mode though . 
  upvoted . 
  1 month, 
  they should have just let him there . 
  he didnt had tp, 
  never tried it . 
  will try it in my next games . 
  i play od and usually go for bottle -  treads -  drum -  force -  pike . 
  do you skill ult at level 11 with that build for more damage with veil or skill it at 14 ? 
  1 2 3 4 for 1-4 items d and f in 5-6 pos . 
  if a hero has more abilities i use 5 -6 for items . 
  z is group x select other units c select courier . 
  bad thing is i have to reset keys each time i have to set item keys when i change heroes with multiple spells . 
  i had a lot good games where people communicated about doing things as a team that i really enjoyed at near 4k mmr . 
  my way from 3k to 3k8 was so good and i was happy to leave from a mmr that had lc jungler in every game . 
  now in 3k9 half games are bad half games are good . 
  most people want to carry and if carry is picked they will go jungle or roam without buying wards . 
  people get mad easy and do n't think before doing something in game . 
  however there are games when you can cooperate with your teamates that i really enjoy . 
  you can win those matches easier . 
  aftershock used to get proced by switching on and off mana shield but they patched it allong with other skils . 
  mana shield procs overload and its kinda overpowered . 
  i saw sing sing losing as a 5 stack losing 50 mmr or something . 
  could you mess with opponents stack just by attacking this creep ? 
  if it always casts it when it gets agroed without need of attack then opponent may not be able to stack . 
  imagine 10 players doing that each after the other so you keep hearing hahas and thanks forever . 
  i noticed that the less frequent i play the more winrate i have . 
  if i play 3 matches in a row i will start playing worse than i did . 
  also the less games i play the more happy and optimistic i am when playing a game . 
  this needs to be updated with the lc immortal and the mythical skywrath skin that look alike, 
  valve disabled randoming as last player but now people can just stay afk to get a random hero . 
  new update : now null field can be activated on enemies and randomize their hotkeys . 
  does income from streaming provide you enough money to have a good quality life ? 
  do you have plans for doing something else besides streaming in the future or start playing another competitive game ? 
  even if its a visual bug it needs to be changed . 
  imagine a scenario where you use scythe on an ilusion and at same time you kill the real hero somehow without noticing you used your scythe on ilusion . 
  then you see that hero has no buyback and you go push highground with him buybacking and killing you . 
  why is the background of the gif appear white in frontpage or subbredit but appears black when i open the post ? 
  has this anything to do with res and gif beeing transparent ? 
  i think they decided to go for racks and get megas so luna buybacked . 
  then alch died and he buybacked to secure the racks . 
  when you decide a strat like that its too late to cancel it after first buyback so you go with it . 
  they probably would win if they did n't buyback and played it safe though . 
  you can buy an aghs . 
  switch your boots to your backpack since you dont need to walk fast with 3 sec blink . 
  switch the aghs back when you want to tp . 
  am is probably the best hero with the backpack and talents since he gets levels relatively fast with a good start and has a lot of farm to get 9 sloted . 
  you can have a linkenks/bkb use them and switch to some better items before going to fight . 
  now we really need some hotkeys to change items with the backpack fast . 
  [ footage of new pa ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mrak-zrfwl0 ), 
  ability draft is disabled in test client as it was crashing . 
  i get low fps when i open the chat . 
  also now for some reason my chat message doesnt get shown all the times or gets shown after 10 secs, 
  same . 
  upvoted for visibility . 
  too annoying when you try to say your team there is a ward here and you type it 5 times to get shown . 
  sometimes messages get shown after 10 secs, 
  oh god now my teamates will think i am retarded for saying the same thing 5 times all the time, 
  january 18th,
