  give a long unobstractuable roration vision of the area like you are spinning in a huricane , and block all other vision near you that already existed, 
  i completed the steps and said i had a key in my inentory . 
  went to inventory and key was n't there . 
  ca n't make giveaway again . 
  does it take time to send me the key or it will never send it ? 
  some people in hrk chat said they got a key but some said they had the same bug as us and did n't appear in their inventory . 
  i made a ticket and 40 minutes passed without an awnser . 
  it hapened to me . 
  i thought was my internet because i have some packet loss . 
  why do lower acount rank costs much more ? 
  you can derank if you play bad on purpose which is what those trollers do . 
  stattrak ui confirmed . 
  i had sound problems one and could ' t hear weapon sounds unless silenced or footsteps . 
  snd_rebuildaudiocache worked but it took time to do it and got kicked out of server, 
  will there be more keys ? 
  i tried doing this in a normal match but enemy team did n't buy a single ward . 
  i completed this mission today in a ranked match . 
  i activated the giveaway from email said it was in my library but didnt activated from the indigala profile . 
  did i miss it ? 
  do i need to get the key before the giveaway ends ? 
  how does it work with aa ult ? 
  if a heal happens during false promise and aa has ulttied the hero will he get healed ? 
  i live in greece and we pay nothing for the university or books . 
  in my city there is a free bus from the univerity to the center of the city but in other cities students pay for their transpotation by half price of the normal ticket . 
  you also pay half price tickets if you want to travel from your place to your university city and 75 % of ticket if you travel anywhere else . 
  students only pay for materials that needed for their projects . 
  i have intel hd 4000 with i3-3110m and i can play csgo on low settings 1366x768 with arround 40-50 fps . 
  they can get higher or lower depending on the map . 
  league of legends runs arround 80 fps . 
  dota runs with 40-50 fps on low settings . 
  same has happened with other giveaway from this site . 
  some users with one of them me did n't recieve a key . 
  i contacted support and they send me a key after few days . 
  i did n't recieved a key either in this giveaway . 
  i will wait some time and if they do n't send i will make a support ticket . 
  i put technical issues in section . 
  someone else said that they anwsered in 15 minutes but my ticket got anwsered in 3 dayds . 
  i do n't know if other section helps you faster . 
  make the card show wrong diagnostics so it seems that you need an examination by them and visit them . 
  i was playing cod : mw2 when a hacker unlocked me all the achievements and weapons and reached me 10 level prestige . 
  game is n't fun any more because there is n't any gun to play or achievement to do . 
  luckily you can reset that and start from the begining . 
  entered the giveaway the previous time . 
  did n't got a key or anything in my inventory . 
  made a support ticket . 
  they closed the giveaway and deleted the ticket . 
  now they enabled the giveaway again but cant enter because it seems that i entered previous week . 
  company of heroes 2, 
  how long did it take the email to be sent on you ? 
  just got the subscription email . 
  i was n't sure if my sign up got delivered to them cause the site was crashing all the time . 
  has any of you got any key ? 
  there is a youtube video saying to use hamachi . 
  the room that is there is full though . 
  does this site keep puting other offers like that ? 
  google search gives the name `` bella and her great dane george '' but is unavailable . 
  wow they end up fast after this post . 
  at least i made an account fast and grabbbed one . 
  they should end in the next 10 minutes, 
  got [ sacra terra : angelic night ] ( http://store.steampowered.com/app/344440 ), 
  most of my games in low prio are with bad players tha feed couriers , swear or go afk . 
  the good thing i had with low prio is that i helped a friend out of a low priority and did the quest to win under 35 minutes from the winter pass . 
  oh come on i had an account and did an offer to install an app 2 hours ago that gave you 60something points . 
  there was a post about another game from this site so i made an account just in case they make another offer . 
  zone alarm : firewall and antivirus . 
  lightshot : a printscreener where you can crop and edit the picture you screenshot instantly and upload it to their site, 
  gom player : a video player alternative to vlc, 
  ccleaner : a computer cleaner software, 
  smart defrag by iobit : a disk defrager software, 
  imagine if it works with warden ult . 
  ez xp, 
  well shaker jumps like a gorila with aghs now , venom taunt pops a banana so they might make a jungle event or something ? 
  main problem is a lot of them do n't speak english and you cant communicate in games communication is important . 
  in dota there are russian servers and a selection for russian language but there are a lot of russians who play in eu servers and do n't select the russian language because they dont want to play with russians cause they think they are bad . 
  my csgo experience shows that in most games there are some russians that never speak english especialy if they matchmake with a friend . 
  valve should also split matchmaking to those that play with friends and those who not . 
  in dota you can matchmake as 3 friends and match with other 2 players in party in your team . 
  in a team it is not possible to a player to left alone while other 4 are in parties and each team has the same parties as the other . 
  in cs go that doesnt happend and you can start finding a match solo and end with a group of 4 people in your team that never speak english which is annoying . 
  maybe put an icon over health bar where buffs/debuffs appear which would look like death prophet 's spirit siphon recharge animation . 
  this is better because it will also work when alch gives you aghs which does n't appear in your inventory, 
  do giveaways in sites where you join groups with your steam , facebook account appear as published on internet ? 
  i have like 100 games on steam from free giveaways . 
  dota 2 services http error 503 [ api ], 
  entered !, 
  they should count the trees destroyed in games where at least a player with compendium plays and not just the trees destroyed by compendium owners . 
  steam chart says there arround 1,1 mil players which not all of them have compendium . 
  if everyone had compendium on average each person had to destroy 20.000 trees . 
  there are 2668 trees in dota 2 map that spawn after 5 minutes . 
  if someone plays bat or timber he may destroy 1k trees per game . 
  valve should saw us how many trees we destroyed . 
  thanks op !, 
  just ended . 
  didnt let me to complete offers for 30 minutes . 
  tried reloging/leaving group but did n't work :(, 
  in what resolution did you use it ? 
  i used it on 1366x768 and started fidning game . 
  then acidentaly opened it outside dota and opened facebook chats and programs in quick launch . 
  each player can make one for them self actually . 
  it 's not that hard .
