  age of mythology titans ? 
  rise of nation ? 
  call of duty 2 ? empire earth 2 ? 
  battlefield bad company 2 ? 
  tomb raider legend ? 
  need for speed : most wanted/carbon ? 
  i made, 
  gon na add more :, 
  pes 2008, 
  medal of honor : pacific assault, 
  battlefield 1942, 
  age of empires, 
  sims 2, 
  assasins creed 2, 
  counter strike 1.6, 
  left for dead 2, 
  portal 1/2, 
  mario kart, 
  need for speed underground, 
  super mario, 
  sonic, 
  can you help by telling us if we need lowercase/uppercase letters or 128-256 bit ? 
  never played it hovewer i had alpha access for dead island : epidemic which is moba and f2p now which i played for less than 2 hours . 
  how could the pirate acquire the ship so cheaply ? 
  because it was on sail . 
  thanks op . 
  why is everyone commenting what they want , op didnt even say you have to tell which you want, 
  they could implement a system like overwatch in csgo where experienced players watch the demos ( you need at least gold nova 3 and 150 ranked wins to get overwatch access ) . 
  they could also track the potition of players ' deaths , the frequency of those and in case the player feeds with couriers they could see who controlled them . 
  people report players that have a lot of deaths that means that mostly they have a bad game and not feed so by tracking the above demos can be filtered and sent to overwatchers or valve staff to decide if the player is griefing, 
  orcs must die 2 - complete pack, 
  1788 company of heroes 2, 
  i have a spare key the dev gave me . 
  if anyone wants it pm me . 
  crystals of time, 
  comment, 
  comment, 
  what do they do with lan cafes ? 
  if a new player created a steam account just to see this game called dota in a computer where a skilled player played before could this calibrate him to a high skill position ? 
  also does the question about your knowledge about dota still exist as it was in beta ? 
  he could have chosen skilled player . 
  i made an update 2 days ago , opened the computer and there was a empty space in the dekstop . 
  i knew something was missing cause i sort the icons a lot . 
  it deleted a program . 
  cleave damage deals 85 % of your damage as cleave with bf and empower so if your armor more than 15 % of physical you take more damage from cleave than direct him, 
  comment, 
  my favorite game is portal 2 cause i like puzzles and it 's funny hearing glados, 
  the binding of isaac collection, 
  bioshock infinite, 
  postal 2, 
  i will guess one of your favorite games is probably skyrim . 
  can we make more guesses ? 
  thanks, 
  thanks op . 
  got in lp some time ago cause my computer had memory leak problem and i made a change that made it worse and crashed my computer after some point . 
  lost 11 games in a row that were my first . 
  i had fixed the problem but played so many games in lp . 
  people were trolling feeding couriers swearing . 
  i reported most of them and reached a point where i had 11 available reports to do for a single game . 
  i agree that the 5 games cap lp needs to be increased but also put the players that got lp in different quee than those for bad behavior . 
  the plaers that have 5 games in lp do n't even care after a point.maybe also reduce the games of dc ones by one each time they have 3 loses in a row . 
  543 hello fellow human . 
  this is a human message and i will stay here till the end of giveaway like a human would do . 
  i always nominate lc for banning cause there is one lc jungle in every game . 
  it works weird when you cast it on flying heroes like skywrath or phoenix . 
  the wings spawn under skywraths legs, 
  data hacker : initiation, 
  it 's lose-lose situation for me, 
  if one of the heroes i like wins -  30 $ spent, 
  if one of the heroes i do n't play wins -  not arcana for me, 
  you forgot a char on the 3d code . 
  has 4 chars instead of 5, 
  got the 24k one . 
  will upload gif soon . 
  no more [ no legs strat ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ktbgdmwi-w ) guys . 
  i searched for 24k drop videos and found none . 
  thought that if someone gets it he will also has to record it for us to see so i decided to record my droppings . 
  rest balls went to 750 and 1000 and both hit the middle diamond . 
  i have them in the same video but would take too long to upload the full one . 
  i may lower the resolution of full one and put it here . 
  edit : [ here ] ( https://gfycat.com/windingbigheartedkouprey ) it is half resolution, 
  2nd and 3d ball together gave more points than most of the other droppings with 3 balls . 
  i recorded it with a program to a video , then made that a gif and upload it . 
  look a comment bellow it has the full ball drops but people downvoted it before i posted the full video . 
  just wanted to record my ball drops just in case i got a 24k cause i never seen a 24k video and it happened . 
  can the 0 be o ? 
  do you use any custom skins ? 
  i used one to change the popup location and when i deleted the skin from folder it opened . 
  edit : nvm it crashed again after 5 seconds . 
  dns does n't work like that . 
  it stores hostnames to ip addresses . 
  when you type a website like www.reddit.com you say the dns to give you the ip of www.reddit.com . 
  you will appear from the uk to netflix even if you use different dns . 
  you are looking for vpn . 
  you connect to another computer before you get to the internet so you appear to be from the vpn place . 
  there are free vpn services but i guess they are slow . 
  i guess they fix the bug with battle cup losers beeing winners . 
  if the hero i want is not leading i put arround 20 votes or more . 
  if the hero i want is n't winning and not in most contested then i will put 1 vote . 
  i got a 2-3 $ set of np .
