  you sneaky beaky ranking system . 
  can we change undying 's aghs upgrade tooltip on enemy too ? 
  it says it steals you 4 strength instead of 10 the last time i checked it . 
  i do n't remember if this exist on undying too . 
  2 of them already gone . 
  i guess other one gone too.ty op it was clever . 
  i did n't use resistor codes though . 
  i get the same problem when i connect to a game that is changing map . 
  i need to reconnect again to fix it . 
  pressing escape doesnt work . 
  i need to search for another . 
  i got clothes and new headphone for christmass . 
  probably there is a 2nd newspaper same as the original but folded and hidden as a piece in the original newspaper . 
  i guess he puts the cut parts somewhere in the other newspaper so they dont fall on the ground . 
  in the last part pieces that are seem to be not connected are actually conected, 
  tomb raider : underworld, 
  awesomenauts 6732, 
  is there something wrong with the site right now ? 
  it says it costs 60k dollars, 
  i did n't use inspect element . 
  it is bugged . 
  maybe because i ca n't order it to my country . 
  if they wanted to be fair they should have paused the game . 
  they should give access to admins to pause the game like it happens in other esport games or they could make the server save the scene so they can go back in time where dc happened . 
  avs should be punished for trashtalking though . 
  it would be funny to watch 2 teams that wanted to lose play against . 
  if they have 9.5 m/s ^ 2 then why do objects there float ? 
  has it to do with iss moving fast ? 
  wait i get it . 
  the force that attracts them towards earth is acting as centripetal force so it doesnt accelerate their speed but only changing their direction . 
  people in indiegala chat said it was over . 
  she liked the bull so she jumped on him . 
  he then started running/fyling so fast that she could n't come down . 
  zeus transformed back to zeus and he did what always zeus did in greek mythology . 
  there is a tutorial map in csgo that also has a timed run where you shoot dummies and try to make a good time . 
  you wo n't learn mutch from this . 
  to learn to shoot it 's better to see youtubers explain recoil and stuff . 
  rts : rise of nations , age of mythology, 
  puzzle : portal 2, 
  sacred is only lan though . 
  how much do you pay for something to eat when you do n't want deliver ? 
  where i live most deliveries have a minimum of 3 euros ( 3,25 dollars ) and most things cost less than that . 
  you ca n't access this item because it is in violation of our terms of service . 
  i get this and ca n't download it on windows, 
  i keep pressing the button but nothing happens . 
  what am i doing wrong ? 
  back in 1.6 i joined a friend 's server and he opened my cd driver on my computer . 
  there was a way to steal the password that used to give you admin access too . 
  one admin of our community left and created his own server and invited admins . 
  he took their passwords and usernames and then joined the server with a non-steam account and abused it . 
  rocket league, 
  thanks for the giveaway, 
  it 's annoying when using res you try to resize the video but it doesnt resize . 
  i even try to resize photos in facebook . 
   we are unable to process your request at this time . 
  the customer support has already been informed about this situation and will get in touch with you if necessary, 
  i had this problem with hitman too . 
  it still has n't authenticated me : /, 
  a generator can act as a motor if you put voltage in the output coils or use it as a generator by rotating the rotor . 
  the voltage created by the generator is in direction like that to create a torque to rotate the rotor to the opossite side . 
  so it wo n't keep creating energy forever . 
  energy created by a generator can produce work equal ( 100 % efficiency , impossible ) or less than the work your energy source is producing . 
  a rotating propeller can spin forever if there is no resistance in air and axis but wo n't produce any work . 
  how long will this continue ? 
  can you get points everyday by logging ? 
  i got 3/4 cards for sybiria . 
  i hope i get it tomorrow . 
  and then someone in your team decides to eco . 
  would n't be better for goverments to have business and provide services with the earnings ? 
  if rich people get richer would that mean that we will reach a point where there would be a lot of poor people with bad quality of life ? 
  i think coper utensils become toxic after a long time . 
  it can be patched with tin so it is safe . 
  there were roma people years ago in my country that were travelling from village to village and tinned kitchen utensils . 
  it 's funny to see a player on his team be in opossite team in other games . 
  an ant is running with speed u to an elephant and hits it . 
  elephant undertand nothing . 
  an elephant is running with the same speed u to the and and hits it . 
  ant goes flying . 
  even if they had the same speed elephant had bigger effect because he has a lot more mass than the ant . 
  keep in mind that after the impact the total momentum is not lost and the total energy of both ant and elephant cant be more than the total energy of them before the impact, 
  in how much fps you play it ? 
  i have 4gb ram but i play to get another 4 . 
  i had place near 850 and waiting time 11 mins in cardinal gates ( eu ) . 
  it started droping by 1 every 3 seconds and 11 min wait time stayed there for 5 minutes . 
  now it is droping 3 playrers every 3 seconds and i am place 350 after wating 10 minutes . 
  wht does it cost you so much ? 
  who is benefit from it ? 
  do doctors get the money ? 
  does the vacine cost so much that is so expensive ? 
  it seems a huge amount for me . 
  most people in my area will have to work for 2 years to gather than amount of money without using that money for anyhing else . 
  how does the bot know if he can see a target or not then ? 
  i guess server checks player positions and aim direction and if one 's aim direction angle looks another player it checks if there are obstacles ( surfaces that relate with physics and not the ones that are rendered by players ) between them and then makes you see the player on map and make you saw the enemy text . 
  you can also get the red text without seeing the enemy if the rendered surface covers the physics surface . 
  bot ca n't render a screen so it has to know where the players are to aim them but do n't use this to get to a clear site or guess where the c4 is going . 
  if bots were aiming randomly they would n't understand if a player is in their field of view . 
  bots shoot players in the chest even if the player is covering his chest . 
  they have to know where the player potition is to aim exactly in the chest . 
  my sister went to paris and someone in their airplane told them to care about a scam where one comes and says you he saw a jewerly or ring fell from you and returned it back . 
  he then asks for tip and if you get your wallet out he takes it and runs .
