  i remember few months ago it took an hour or something . 
  last week it happened on tuesday and other weeks before . 
  sometimes it happens on wednesday or thursday . 
  empire down of the modern world anyone ? 
  when i was silver i thought nova was very good rank . 
  when i reached nova i realised that there were a lot of worse players than the silvers i played with . 
  it would be good to see vip escape maps in mm scene . 
  they are more balanced than the hostage rescue maps . 
  ty for giveaway, 
  ark survival evolved, 
  portal 2, 
  did you try completely unistalling those programs with an unistaller that removes every file and registry in your machine and then reinstall them ? 
  do you have any problems with other software ? 
  can you try running skype as administrator ? 
  can you try to go to the `` c : \\ users \\ your_username \\ appdata \\ '' folder and check if the lync and skype folders have access by the user ? 
  just right click them , go to properties , and security and check the ticks . 
  i never had lync or skype businnes but i guess the icons are there . 
  you can try temporary creating another user on your system and run skype from there to see if icons exist . 
  edit : try running ccleaner cleaner . 
  it has a clean for skype too which you can select in the applications menu in the main cleaner . 
  i think it 's better to have a lot of items so more people win something whatever that is . 
  we need to get in giveaway every day to get in right ? 
  this would be a good idea for a mod . 
  if you turn arround before the timer starts you die . 
  then you fight in the west . 
  maybe each player can shoot only one shot before other player shoots . 
  14 november 2022, 
  when you pull the brake you apply a ** vertical ** force f to the spoke which will have an equal reaction n which is the normal force . 
  the friction force t is equal to the normal force multiplied by a friction constant which depends on the surface between the brake and the spoke and wether we have static or sliding friction.friction is vertical to the applied force so it 's reaction doesnt affect it . 
  imagine a moving box on a plane ( ground ) which is slowing down from the friction . 
  if you try to stop it by dragging it up it will apply a force to you . 
  if you try stopping it by jumping on it you will increase the friction of the ground but it wo n't create a force making you go up in the sky . 
  enemy chases you . 
  you make juke in jungle and place a tree near you that traps you in a hole with other trees . 
  enemy did n't see you doing it so he will be like where the fuck did he go . 
  do you play on eu or na server ? 
  your name seems familiar to me . 
  i used to play on sourcecode eu . 
  maybe i have seen it on best times . 
  crusader king 2, 
  dmc : devil may cry, 
  brutal legend, 
  spec ops : the line, 
  remember me, 
  scribblenaughts, 
  worms armageddon, 
  monaco, 
  gamepack : supreme commander, 
  i was spoiled by a facebook post of these jokes that asks a question on first line and you need to click more to find the answer . 
  anwser was a spoiler . 
  i hope it is fake . 
  thanks op !, 
  thanks for giveaway op !, 
  intel hd 4000 , intel core 3110m @ 2.4 ghz , 4gb ram, 
  i was playing on a hunger games server where maps are huge and you usually kill players form distance if you get a scout . 
  i thought it was a server bug but it is csgo bug . 
  i did n't know this mod . 
  will check it . 
  i had a ww in our team and tried to explain her and team that we can not damage the cursed heroes . 
  after some point someone said, 
  `` ww use your ult when magnus ults '' . 
  not that we would win the game if she used ult corectly but she could easily kill their supports when being near their carries , or use the ult to zone half team when we attack the other half . 
  they spam spoilers in chat ? 
  i did n't play casual in the last weeks . 
  i guess i wo n't play in the next too . 
  did n't even noticed that . 
  i guess it 's because my internet . 
  messages have 2 seconds difference . 
  i will delete this in 5 minutes . 
  elder, 
  * devil may cry ( reboot ), 
  * guns of icarus online, 
  * chip, 
  extra : saints row ultimate franchise pack, 
  i like simulation games where you build things . 
  so they made an update to tell us they will make an update ? 
  wow !, 
  thanks a lot !, 
  this is the first time i win in a giveaway . 
  we were losing 14-8 or in inferno and it was 1 vs 3 . 
  teamate dies and i am 1 vs 1 and lose . 
  team kicks me next round . 
  i only kick people when they do n't cummunicate or go rush alone with the c4 , or smoke/flash team . 
  i think valve wants to make ge to be a beter rank being the highest rank you can get . 
  in csgo i have seen a lot of globals and it seems odd to have so many . 
  proplayers that are globals are way better than those who are n't but they are in the same rank . 
  so it 's better for the ranking system to adjust so globals are having best of the best players . 
  there are cars without this ? 
  i thought there is a law in my country for cars to have this . 
  cars need to pass a test every 2 years and there is a test about the angle of the lights so you dont blind people . 
  i live in greece btw . 
  thanks a lot op , happy holidays . 
  took just cause bundle . 
  did n't think i would be fast enough to get it . 
  i got it !, 
  i do n't know how i manage to get anything from this . 
  happy holidays to whoever tried . 
  i was winning for 4-5 games in a row . 
  played one that lost and csgo did n't say i got deranked . 
  came back to csgo after a day and got deranked .
