  maybe they calculate the creep spawn time with ticks and the clock on top is calculated by computer time out of dota . 
  so if tick gets delayed a bit the timer to spawn passes the timer of clock . 
  [ rick and porty plumbus ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=emjk4y9ngve ), 
  i found a [ slim gaben picture ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/558109954561679360/j1f9diji.jpeg ), 
  i got a new phone today with my old one not beeing able to run pokemon . 
  i created a pokemon go account but ca n't login from the app saying unable to authenticate . 
  when i click the join with google thing it seems that a black window is oppening for 0.1 sec and then closes . 
  then i get the rotating pokeball seeming that it connects or something and get unable to authenticate error again . 
  i tried reinstalling app , deleting data and disconnecting google account from my phone but nothing worked . 
  yes . 
  both wifi and mobile internet but nothing worked . 
  i selected this phone for the reason to play pokemon go with gyroscope so i can see pokemons walking in my enviroment and now i ca n't play it :(, 
  yes . 
  i tried deleting app , removing gogle account , entering google acount , installing app . 
  i will try now to delete app and account and first install app . 
  edit : forgot you need google account to install apps ... 
  it 's not only from csgo . 
  i saw in r/dota2 that a lot of the 11k vac bans come from dota 2 which rarely has vac waves . 
  the reason they believe a lot of them come from dota 2 is that there are people whining in cheater forums . 
  i reseted my phone and when i tried to login it said my device is not compatible . 
  i checked if it was rooted with an app but it was not . 
  i guess the chinese rom made it incompatible as i read . 
  i installed an older version from apk mirror and it works now . 
  i think that if you make an account on your computer you are playing you will get matches smiliar to the ones you were playing . 
  someone made a post ago that had a player in a high skill game which didnt know the game at all and left the game fast . 
  so even if someone wanted to get to lower mmr with an alt account and started losing on purpose system may detected he has high mmr and put him in higher mmr even if he was losing . 
  low priority is there to stop the negative behaviour of you . 
  you should learn a lesson when you go to low priority . 
  you did n't learn that and went there again . 
  one thing that supports think they are doing good while they are doing wrong is to pull the creeps without stacking so they take the camp . 
  then enemy creeps get under tower making it harder for you to last hit and also the lane starts pushing cause 2 waves of yours gather and kill enemy creeps so enemy offlaner gets xp cause your creeps are close to him . 
  i used to play the old version on my xiaomi mi4c but now it requires to update . 
  i will try to change rom to see if it works . 
  edit : i managed to run pokemon go new version but now i have problem with play store . 
  my settings and app didnt got reseted . 
  i logged out of google account to fix it as i read a guide and now i cant log back . 
  also pokemon could n't find gps most of the time . 
  edit 2 : i fixed it by downloading a right google aps apk for my mobile and reinstalling pokemon from that . 
  i hope it doesnt break if play store updates . 
  dota imba has the combination of 3 . 
  the intelligence is named azura and can be combined with sange or yash or both . 
  both forms the item named triumvirate . 
  i remember playing this game that i had got full from a pc magazine . 
  most magazines had a full game and a lot of demos to play, 
  i think you cant get 3 vs 5 or 3 +2 vs 5 . 
  i only see 3 +2 vs 3 +2 or 5vs5 and 2 vs 2 . 
  the same number of parties are in a team exist in the other . 
  in international ranked games had no rules with parties . 
  you could go 4 vs 5 or go 2 +2, 
  make it has 3 colors . 
  green for healing , orange for taking damage but staying alive , red for dying . 
  put a overwatch system like csgo . 
  replays could focus on the time where a player is dying most people report players just because they did bad in a game but this is not a banable reason . 
  lol had a system where players could watch logs of people that appear as anonymous and they could decide if a player was doing verbal abuse . 
  this cant be done with voice though . 
  i used to play on the right side when i switched from leage of legends but switched back to left . 
  i think i had problems in some custom games when i used right side . 
  or just buy the sentries just before the games ends . 
  that quest is not that hard . 
  you already spend a lot of gold for wards before the game ends and before you destroy their ancient you get gold by destroying their towers . 
  too bad items like mana boots or mek doesnt work as support items . 
  i do n't play csgo now so can someone test this ? 
  before the 16th round ends and teams switch open the votekick menu . 
  without closing it when teams switch side make the vote to kick someone . 
  maybe say another teammate to vote for pause before you vote for kick . 
  drow ranged or tinker . 
  i am near 3900 mmr and got up from 3200 by spamming those 2 . 
  first drow . 
  you need to have good farm/deny in lane and harash your opponent . 
  have 2q-w-2e skillbuild at level 5 and continue maxing ult -  e -  q . 
  you can take kill at level 6 with your slow vs most offlaners . 
  most offlaners have problem with drow damage and have to stay behind . 
  start farm nearby camps at 6 . 
  try to take tower fast at level 6 by trying to push with catapults . 
  go to push other lanes/take kills when you take your t1 . 
  if enemy heroes are away from your lane after killing your t1 you can continue pushing for t2 . 
  for items i start with aquila ring -  boots -  dragon lance -  huricane pike -  maelstorm -  aghs -  mjolnir . 
  you should take a ring of regen before building dragon lance so you stay in lane after taking some damage . 
  build other situational items like bkb if needed . 
  maelstorm aghs is very good for defeding hg / clearing waves and teamfighting especialy vs multiple units . 
  for tinker : i start with a talisman a branch and ask for 2 tangos . 
  i skill q-e-q-e-e-r-e-w-w-w-w-r . you need to be good at last hiting with tinker and denying . 
  you need to harash your oponent by attacking him and trying to deny his farm . 
  when he goes to hit a last hit you need to blind him and take the deny . 
  you can have a bottle before 2 mins so you refill it at rune if you farm good . 
  before going to pick a bottle try to stack the camp near t1 if you are radiant . 
  you can stack the camp near top rune at top spawn in dire with your e . 
  when you get level 7 start killing the stacks . 
  buy a soul ring and some tps so you tp back to base and tower if you run out of mana . 
  you can have soul ring at 4-5 minutes and boots of travel near 11 . 
  after you get your boots you can push other lanes . 
  most heroes cant stand lvl 4 march at this point so you can take towers with your teams . 
  after boots get dagger and start doing tinker things by pushing lanes by blinking in trees and helping in teamfights . 
  use your march verticaly in lane . 
  i think it hits the creeps more that way . 
  i prefer going for dagon/scythe build on tinker . 
  if enemy team has silence or other debuffs buy a euls . 
  you can go for aghs build if they have a lot of attacking units . 
  i prefer playing with quick cast so i tp/blink/dagon fast and go back . 
  you can use shift + casts by placing comands in a order but i dont really use it .
