  i could play last 2 saturdays but 9pm saturday is a hard time to play for most people cause they go out . 
  just pick a puck and get into their foundain before you kill their ancient . 
  take a euls to do it fast . 
  you need to win the game too . 
  if they give only 16k levels to top players at challenge end then its not worth to play the challenge and just sell the cards . 
  if they give the bonus levels seperately for each day then you can win more by keeping your cards . 
  i guess will keep arround 10 cards and sell the otehrs when price goes up and buy the levels instead . 
  price keeps going up and i calculated how much it needs to be so when i convert my cards to dust and sell them i can get 11 levels . 
  my points still keep changing from 500 to 800 and 1000 even i if have less than 300 points by adding each player . 
  i could do that too if my wife was named \u2592 \u2592 \u2592 \u2592 \u2592 \u2592 \u2592 \u2592, 
  congratulations you got the 1000000th commend . 
  put your credit card to claim your immortal . 
  savage lands, 
  so a player can actually buy/sell/buy / sell dagger and make daggers purchased to 100 ? 
  i prefer the blink abysal ac and maybe mjorlir alch . 
  mjolril helps for farm too . 
  kholat, 
  thanks a lot op !, 
  life is strange, 
  . $ mmmmmm8 ? . . 
  . = mm + .7 m ? 
  ? o : , , z ? . . =d ~ ~ ~ 8 : . ~ m ~ ~ ~ 8 ~, 
  ~ mm + :87 . . + m ~ , ? . 
  ~ mmo7di . 
  . = i$ 8o = ~ . 
  ~ mm + : di . 
  . ~ mm + . + n + . 
  : dmmmmd :, 
  didnt notice each code had the number of his place . 
  tried once with a game already had and then got banned for too many guesess on the other . 
  why does dr.pepper come in a bottle ? 
  because his wife died . 
  wow thanks a lot !, 
  did n't expect to actually win . 
  first one is kholat but i have it . 
  any hit for 2nd ? 
  i think i found something but code doesnt work, 
  i was getting invalid . 
  nvm found it but didnt take it cause i have it !, 
  should i give a hint here to the others ? 
  the middle one ( p8amd ) is correct the other 2 are not . 
  or atos ? 
  i guess the most people that voted for jug dont browse reddit or any other site fore dota 2 memes . 
  valve should made both arcanas to see what sells the most . 
  i didnt even know that this existed . 
  i was having 40 fps in immortal gardens that dropped to 20 in battles with everything on low , 40 % render quality that was shit and made me not use that map . 
  now i have 60 fps with better render quality and i can actually use that map . 
  rust, 
  i want to see shadow deamon get arcana . 
  he has already good model and they could do a lot of things with an arcana . 
  i guess most people did n't play it . 
  2538 points 93.3 % . 
  \u0399 made dust most of my cards and sold them and even players that did n't play some days cause i did n't notice . 
  you can still see others use dlc content or play in the new map but not use it . 
  he threw rockets to see if luna was going back but she did n't . 
  i guess he saw she did n't had a scroll and the only logical thing she could do is to grab one from shop . 
  he was aiming inside the trees which is a safe place to tp from . 
  luna was standing in the middle and got hit . 
  we may see him checking luna 's inventory or someone saying luna no tp in team chat . 
  either the that or he was expecting luna to hide there waiting for radiant to push so she pushes bot or farms jungle . 
  counter : chen, 
  wait for his ult to almost complete . 
  steal the creep he is tping . 
  send it back to your base and watch the enemy team die . 
  i will try it when i play some pubs when enemy picks him . 
  i hope we see a 5 man ult dying in fountain like that in next days . 
  tested it on demo map before and it works, 
  i can count 8 in you . 
  ticks is not the number of predicitons you get . 
  prediction meaning guessing the winner of a match.you have 3 correct prediciton in 1st round upper bracket and you get 2 ticks showing for each preadictions . 
  the ub round 2 has the ehome vs eg which you predidcted correct but still got 2 ticks . 
  now in lb finals you predicted that eg will be in lb finals but didnt predict the winner of ub finals . 
  meaning 13 ticks minus 5 makes you 8 correct predictions . 
  it 's 12 . 
  you get predictions by guessing the winner of a match and not the loser of a match . 
  you can see the effect on enemy creep but not on minimap . 
  you can see only your team 's underlord effect on minimap . 
  it seems in demo the cancel rift ability doesnt have any icon . 
  you just need to pick sand king and bring slacks to enter the cheats, 
  did the bug with underlord illusions where if a unit was inside both of him and illusion gave the damage to the illusions ot fixed ? 
  maybe they set the damage to go to the illusion owner and not the illusion to patch it and this happened . 
  he used to stream in youtube some months ago didnt he ? 
  i thought it was always dropping one of thoe but i guess i was wrong . 
  i got a pa set that i had ( 400 sets and get one that i already have ) , a lina set that worth 0.15 which i wont use since i have the one from previous pass and a treasure i. i should have selled the sets just like the chat said . 
  relevant https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tmp8rt1yhlw, 
  the incredible adventures of van helsing, 
  stuck in lp a year ago . 
  reached a point where i had 12 reports available . 
  i am really impressed 800 mmr players have that last hits in 70 minutes . 
  a lot of players have high last hits in both teams . 
  1 week, 
  last one is like : `` i made a huge mistake '', 
  rocket league . 
  thanks for doing this . 
  i have potato laptop with intel hd 4000 and can run dota 2 at lowest settings with 60 + fps that drops some times . 
  do you have windows 10 ? 
  tried deactivating the xbox record thing ? 
  you can see if he is loading by typing status in console . 
  when he is loading it says spawning . 
  sometimes their steam appears offline but they load the game .
