  and yes , it makes us feel guilty , too . 
  calling it propaganda - for whatever reason - wo n't change that . 
  `` my own shit '' was on the losing end as well since my origins are in the former communist east . 
  i 'm merely stating historic facts here . 
  i do n't know what hungarian history books state about the cold war but just fyi , the us would have never funded a communist country between 1945 and 1989/1990 . 
  we are currently not sending back refugees to greece or hungary . 
  greece because they already got too many refugees to take proper care of . 
  hungary because living conditions for refugees are beyond poor . 
  and that 's not because hungary ca n't afford to provide for the most basic human needs but because the government is unwilling to provide for it . 
  just as unwilling as most of eastern europe 's governments are to find a common european solution to the refugee crisis from which everybody would be able to profit in the end - the countries as well as the refugees . 
  those refugees refusing to be registered in hungary at the moment are doing that because frankly , they tired of the shitholes they 're supposed to stay at , the poor way they 're treated there and the prospects a future in hungary would cast . 
  if a country is unwilling to treat human beings as such , then what is there to be expected for the future there ? 
  if my country did n't want them , we would send them back . 
  we do n't because we know why they 're trying to get out of there so desperately . 
  again , ignoring them will blow up in our faces one day , in yours as much as mine . 
  if by fucking up you are referring to germany being willing to provide refugees with basic human needs , then i am more than willing to be the greatest fuck up of all time . 
  because refugees will keep coming for quite some time . 
  that is the reality we need to understand . 
  they 're going to go to all of europe , not just germany . 
  it 's not a german but a european problem . 
  just like orban is a european problem . 
  ignoring the crisis and not acting responsibly is like telling teenagers not to have sex and forbidding them to use condoms , hoping that will make them not have sex . 
  or making abortion illegal in order to prevent it from happening . 
  both utterly ineffective methods btw . 
  because they both ignore the basic reality of things . 
  i think i got more of a grip to reality than you . 
  first of all , sorry those billions from america went to west germany and not communist-thus-major-enemy hungary , that clearly was our fault . 
  i am also apologizing for our economy doing better than others , again clearly our fault . 
  also sorry for the billions we 're pumping into the eu every year to help out countries with less strong economies which i believe hungary is part of . 
  i personally believe we 're doing what 's morally just and - given the fact that refugees would be coming our way no matter if we `` invited '' them or not - frankly necessary . 
  welcome to the real world where the eu is the promised land refugees will be traveling to . 
  not helping them out and turning a blind eye will only make everything worse . 
  so instead , orban ( and other european politicians ) need to wake the fuck up and start addressing this issue on a realistic level rather than stomping their feet on the ground like upset 3 year olds . 
  speaking of 3 year olds , i am sure you saw the pictures of the toddler washed ashore the turkish coast line . 
  that 's what happens if there is no legal way and no feasible system in place for refugees to enter the eu . 
  every politician who thinks he can sit this out or ignore the problem at hand will be hit tenfold with the consequences in absolutely no time . 
  there 's blood on their hands as well . 
  so ... get real , really ? 
  go to budapest central station and get some of that reality in you 're desperately trying to ignore . 
  i 'm looking forward to having hungary in the eu for a very long time , it 's going to be such a blast with your fascist prime minister . 
  how well would hungary 's economy be doing without those billions from the eu btw ? 
  no worries , if they did n't kick out greece i doubt they would do that to hungary . 
  i 'm really just thinking out loud here . 
  since you seem to hate that european idea so much . 
  yep , now you got it . 
  then why did you let them board trains to germany without registering the past couple of days ? 
  i 'm sure orban knows why if you ca n't come up with an explanation . 
  that 's exactly what i meant , thank you . 
  yeah only that that 's not what was happening those past couple of days . 
  besides , my comment was re : orban not re : hungarians are n't trying at all . 
  some people might say the exact same thing about thinking that orban sounded reasonable . 
  i did n't say that was n't part of it . 
  it sure helps to be the one thing in order to be the other , do n't you think ? 
  attacking asylum seekers does , though . 
  i guess from your point of view , even merkel would be a delusional multiculty naive - so yeah , count me in !, 
  proud to be one , too !, 
  it wo n't but just out of curiosity , how did your undoubtedly incredible math and forecasting skills lead you to that number ? 
  and it sure as hell is the refugees fault they were n't registered in hungary , right ? 
  also , i do n't know where you get your news from but last time i checked there was a civil war in syria so refugees from syria classify as refugees . 
  if i was n't on my tiny phone i would totally ask google to give me a couple of those sources , only to post it here and to find you and i still do n't agree . 
  but sure , let 's pretend you were unable rather than unwilling to do the same in the meantime . 
  i would still like to know what makes the source you cited more reliable than any source i could possibly come up with . 
  what makes this source mor reliable than others ? 
  the fact that people will always believe in what they want to believe in ? 
  in case you 're german , granting refugees asylum is in the german constitution so nobody is changing the country for political correctness . 
  and since the same constitution also grants you a couple of freedoms , why do n't you consider making good use of that and look for countries that do n't have such liberal constitutional constructs to move to ? 
  but alas , they 'd consider you a foreigner , would n't they ... bummer . 
  i personally would welcome them personally . 
  you 're free to join me on your end . 
  it 's a mixture of both , but mainly the observation that hardly anything is done or decided on higher up political levels . 
  or did i miss something ? 
  did europe come to an agreement on how to distribute refugees evenly that i have n't heard of ? 
  are there task forces being put into existence that the media did n't report about and that usually spring to life everytime something of a certain magnitude occurs , like they did for the 2013 floodings in germany ? 
  are there any crisis meetings scheduled any time soon of all the responsible european politicians and ministers ? 
  of course there 's a limit but i doubt that the forecast of 800k a.k.a. 
  1 % of germanys population is a limit . 
  it may seem oike that right now because we 're lacking the political will power to solve problems such as registration , housing , integration etc. 
  please do n't mistake the very vocal right-wing movements for a majority . 
  polls over polls show that most people are in favor of helping refugees out . 
  thank god somebody invented generalizations , right ? 
  where else would we be taking our fear-driven prejudices . 
  as someone working closely with german azubis ... all it takes is the wish to improve in the person that is educated . 
  without that wish , everybody is crap , regardless of age or origin . 
  you sound upset , friend . 
  that was never my intention . 
  oh right , i will take it up with you from now on out where to comment and where not . 
  yes , that 's what i was trying to say . 
  woah there buddy , maybe you should do that first ... , 
  maybe i should rephrase that , i do n't care for that users comment history . 
  and yet again , not a mod here . 
  i 'm not sure if you 're getting my drift . 
  well anyway , people capable of reading know it was not a `` diversity rally '' but a rally against hate speech . 
  well the rules also state that if personal attacks continue a ban may be placed . 
  since i do n't know that users comment history by heart , i ca n't say if maybe there have been several incidents . 
  and yet again , i am not a mod . 
  just stating my personal opinion here . 
  the same multiculturalism that is threatening european culture ? 
  so `` 3 black dudes '' manage to threaten our society and our values ? 
  did you read the article ? 
  it was a protest against hate speech .
