you wish . 
  and what kind of hallucinogenic substances did you consume that made you come to such an elaborate conclusion ? 
  this is going to blow your mind but despite the fact that the majority of the refugees will probably stay , we 're still not going to implode . 
  of course , that is exactly what is going to happen . 
  doomsday is nigh !, 
  do you understand the concept of political asylum ? 
  because your comment strongly suggests you do n't . 
  thank you . 
  i genuinely thought you meant to say it was n't taught at all . 
  sorry for the emotional response . 
  like those that hit us in the past and did n't make us implode on ourselves like a dying star ? 
  if you know all that then do n't sound it out as if east germans were n't taught on the subject at all !, 
  that 's what your comment indicated . 
  this is by far the most retarded thing i have read on here for a while and that means a lot , considering the massive influx of retaration lately . 
   except those educated in the ddr you have got to be kidding !!!!!, 
  you got my upvote now . 
  what nazi guilt are sweden and france dealing with ? 
  these days , the downvotes you get on a comment on an immigration-related comment are meant to be worn like a badge for being a decent human being . 
  it just means that you are capable of seeing other human beings as just that and not as welfare-focused , raping-anything-that-moves-including-goats terrorists . 
  do n't make me laugh ffs , you know we do n't know how to do that !!, 
  thank you for making that clear . 
  there seem to be a lot of commenters today though who agree with the pathetic old retard . 
  yes again , i am aware of the utter doom we 're going to face in 20 years from now . 
  just like we did every time this country experienced waves of immigration . 
  and you 're right , it is totally impossible to help both your neighbors and them brown skinned people at the same time . 
  it is known . 
   i 'm not opposed to caring for humans in impoverished situations , but i 'm also not delusional . 
  you love to be the good guy , gloating about how you 're accepting and willing to help those worse off than you , meanwhile you completely ignore your homeless countrymen and working-poor citizens who are also suffering . 
  what are you doing for your country 's impoverished people then ? 
   you 're no better than the typical middle class westerner who goes overseas to build schools for poor african children , seriously , how dare they !!!!!, 
  while making sure to take a lot of photos to put on facebook . 
  yeah if they 're obnoxious enough to help people , they at least should shut up about it . 
  we do n't want even more people involved with all that obnoxiousness !!!, 
  then you come back home and walk past the homeless mother who 's kids are off somewhere else begging for food . 
  man , it 's like you 're walking right next to me in every single step i take , i 'm amazed that you know me so well !, 
  you 're a hypocrite . 
  you all are . 
  am i though ? 
  sorry to be the bearer of bad news ... . 
  til that caring about other human beings ' fate is just us guilt-tripping . 
  i wonder what guilt trip sweden or france are on . 
  thank god that those hundreds and thousands of turkish guest workers who came here a couple of decades ago were all decent catholics or we would probably have sharia law implemented already !, 
  maybe sell them first and cash in some more on the greek misery , then sink them ... 
  thank god ... , 
  you forgot to mention how native germans will get thrown out of their apartments and have to sleep on the streets while refugees will move into palaces . 
  how every german is going to be stoned to death for having a beer in 20 years from now . 
  how bad global warming will become . 
  how buttered bread will continue to land on the buttered side . 
  all those doom-like things that happened during the other immigration waves this country experienced . 
  lol . 
  aww man , some reddit in the morning and you 're in for a couple of good laughs !, 
  i 'll try making a simple flow chart for you when i get home !, 
  you 're right , i should have used `` top politician '' instead . 
  thanks for pointing it out !, 
  so naturally , if somebody does n't pay debts - for whatever reason - they need to be eliminated from the planet . 
  me correcting your spelling mistake may have been slightly sarcastic . 
   if poland did n't get monies they would n't join eu . 
  i feel quite amused how you 're comparing funding from eu to refugees leeching off the welfare system . 
  truly amazing . 
  i find it rather amusing how you still fail to see the connection while pointing it out yourself at the same time . 
  it would be sad to see them leave . 
  i 'm not sure how well they 'd be doing without those eu billions , either . 
  or how well the people will take it who go to western europe for work . 
  yeah i am sure it is a unilateral benefit . 
  i was just wondering how this moron obviously fails to see that . 
  you made a spelling mistake btw , it 's called germany . 
  just like poland is called poland and not poopland . 
  like leaves in the wind . 
  why must greece be destroyed btw ? 
  absolutely nothing . 
  so when is he planning on ceasing to accept european payments ? 
  is he aware of that though ? 
  and of course we are going to pretend that somebody referring to refugees as trash will make a very clear distinction , not just verbally but also in his head , between those coming here for the benefits and those coming here to work for their living . 
  where is a link to the speech he made about his own fellow country men who suck on the governments teat where he also refers to them as trash ? 
  oh wait ... there is no such speech !, 
  do n't forget to mention how they will totally rape anything that moves and how rents are going to sky-rocket so native born europeans will have to sleep in the streets while refugees move into palaces , how global warming is going to get so much worse and how the sun will fall down on planet earth . 
  i find it almost cynical that the leader of a country that is at the receiving end of massive eu payments every year talks about refugees being on the receiving end of social welfare . 
  if this whole ordeal was n't so utterly sad i 'd laugh . 
  my enemy 's enemy is my friend . 
  that 's why the raging xenophobes of this forum think we should do it like saudi arabia . 
  what an utter human and journalistic failure . 
  absolutely disgusting . 
  i 'm not trying too hard to be honest . 
  and i do believe in the merits of educating yourself . 
  let me know if you find anything . 
  that 's like asking me to give you my biology homework because your dog ate yours ... no way !, 
  remember how i said `` do some research '' ? 
  well you might wan na do your homework research then . 
  there 's plenty of native-born germans among those that joined isis . 
   bombing the oktoberfest that would n't be too original though , would it ? 
  we 're so going to hell for that one ... , 
  never go full racist !!, 
   for better benefits or whatever lol, 
  you forgot to mention how they are going to rape everybody there . 
  men , women , goats . 
  i love your no-nonsense replies !, 
  all killer , no filler !, 
  all of our problems would be solved at once . 
  there 'd be no more rapes , crime rates would drop to zero , nay , below zero , you 'd get paid for living in your apartment instead of having to pay rent , there 'd be no more global warming , employers would happily pay more for their superior workforce , religious extremism would cease to exist , greece would finally snap out of their financial crisis and with them , the entire eu , buttered bread would start landing on the unbuttered side and viktor orban would finally be a hungarian problem again instead of a european one . 
  and who are you to speak for an entire nation ?
