  that 's actually an idea they are playing around with . 
  even on a european level . 
  you actually think that people in war torn countries do n't consider the eu as the promised land already ? 
  do i need to remind you how nobody was talking about incontrolled influx ? 
  read , comprehend . 
  stop putting words in my mouth . 
  i will live up to that mantra too and send you a cookie !, 
  thank god somebody invented generalizations . 
  where else would we be taking our prejudices and deeply-rooted fear of anything different from us , huh ? 
   to take in as many middle eastern migrants as possible i did not say that . 
  i merely stated that that may be one upside of immigration , since it seems to be increasingly hard for this sub to do so . 
   dont you think its quite disgusting to pose as a humanitarian when what you really want is someone to come and work so that you dont have to ? 
  again , i do not want them to come here to pay for our pensions . 
  see above . 
   or have leftists just given up any pretense of shame ? 
  do you have any other generalizations you wish to throw my way or other words to put in my mouth or did you get it out of your system ? 
  i meant that you are not ok with my opinion . 
  you keep stating your opinion ( immigration will decrease the quality of life for native born german citizens ) as fact - i am trying to tell you that it 's not . 
  i do agree however that this conversation is pointless . 
  you did not upset me . 
  well you called me naive before so i guess we 're even , huh ? 
  btw i only scream `` racist '' at the people who deserve it . 
  i have n't called you racist , have i ? 
  and let 's face it - i stated my opinion - you 're still not ok with it . 
  which is fine , mind you . 
  but this here :  if you were to willing to say , `` yes , there is going to be a negative impact on native born germans but i believe it 's worth it because we are going to be helping people who need our help . '', 
  that 's a blatant lie , buddy . 
  because you are not ok with me . 
  and again , that is totally ok . 
  i do n't mind people being worried about immigration - i do mind blatant lies , though . 
  which is what this comment thread refers to . 
  are you a native born american whose parents were also born in the us ? 
  that 's what i meant , many people on here seem to have an agenda . 
  where are you from btw ? 
  since my origin seems to matter , let 's see where yours comes into play . 
  well it 's getting harder by the day to call all the xenophobes on here trolls . 
  you get downvoted for even the most remotely `` humanitarian '' comment . 
  oooooooooooooh , right i am not a raging xenophobe like most of this sub seems to be ... my bad of course !, 
   because you seem immune to reason and unable to acknowedge even the most basic things hear , hear ... , 
  well it may come as a surprise but i do n't hold the highest opinion of you either ; your self esteem is a funny thing if a couple of immigrants cause it to plummet and i personally can not relate to people who give in to their lowest instincts as soon as they feel threatened by nonsense and prejudices . 
  the fact that you still do n't deliver any valid sources just goes to show that this is more of a xenophobic problem than an actual problem . 
  yep , this sub has gone to shits . 
  it used to be fun , it 's not anymore . 
  do you understand the concept of political refugees or do i need to explain that to you ? 
  so basically - if i am not a lower-class , non-white german my opinion on this is invalid automatically ? 
  have you considered what immigrants could do for our pension system ? 
  so far , all you complained about is rent and while i am fairly aible to grasp what you are trying to tell me , i would still like to see sources that line the one thing to the other . 
  i asked for facts , what did i do wrong ? 
  well first of all , the number you are referring to is about refugees seeking asylum - so of course there will probably be some immigration from africa or the arab world but i doubt they 'd be allowed to stay , since it would n't neccessarily be politically motivated . 
  i am sure you are up-to-date on the latest decisions on how to treat immigration from the balcan states - i doubt germany would grant extended immigration rights to other economic refugees from other regions of this world . 
  i do believe however that immigration is going to go on for a while and that the total number of asylum seekers is going to increase oveer the next couple of years . 
  espescially since the effort to solve the crisis in the relevant countries and syria respectively are basically zero . 
  that said , i still ca n't tell you what number would be `` too much '' since i still do n't see how exactly they are going to decrease the quality of my life . 
  again , if you had any valid sources for your assumptions , that would be great . 
  anything else is just being a little overdramatic , do n't you think ? 
  i 'm having a hard time seeing the downsides that you seem to be implying . 
  would you care to elaborate ? 
  how does my origin matter ? 
  do you have sources for the statements you just made ? 
  how will my quality of life decrease ? 
  please elaborate !, 
  well germany has gone through big immigration waves before . 
  after wwii and in the 1990ies ... since we 're still around ... it might indicate that it 's not doom . 
  it may come as a surprise but immigration is n't usually the same as utter doom . 
  `` still their fault '' . 
  did you actually read the paper ???? 
   the possibilities for people in need of protection to legally enter and stay in an eu member state are very limited . 
  for security or political reasons , eu member states are often required to close down their diplomatic representations in war-torn countries . 
  for nationals of these countries , obtaining a visa to enter the eu is difficult since there is a risk of overstay . 
  moreover , nationals from war-affected countries , such as south sudan or syria , often need to have a transit visa even when they are just passing through an eu member state . 
  for a persecuted person , it is ** often impossible ** to visit a consulate to apply for a visa because diplomatic representations are usually located in areas of capitals that are intensively surveilled by security forces . '', 
  yeah it 's [ easy as 1-2-3 ] ( http://fra.europa.eu/sites/default/files/fra-focus_02-2015_legal-entry-to-the-eu.pdf ) for syrians to enter the eu legally !, 
  good morning ... ... . . 
  they probbly do n't but for as long as there is no legal way for them to set foot on european ground , traffickers will have a blast and people will die . 
  welcome to the third world they used to call the european idea . 
  i do not understand why the victims of a crime are turned into offenders here . 
  as if it was their fault they died . 
  of course , they knew the risks , they basically knew they 'd die and they still boarded the truck . 
  wake up !, 
  do you think those reasonable human traffikers show people the shitty boats they are going to put them on before they receive the cash ??? 
  how naive are you ???????? 
  what about those 71 people who died on that truck in austria ? 
  do you think they told them `` hey we got you a nice , air-tight , way too small truck that were are going to ditch as soon as we 're in austria . 
  now pay us 3,000 $ ! '', 
  i did n't and you just said people used `` us hungarians '' as a scapegoat . 
  people do n't . 
  how many muslim people do you personally know ? 
  i bet there are huge numbers in the czech republic . 
  oh right , my bad ... 
  while i agree 100 % with your general statement , i also think that people should be smarter than that these days . 
  but as ghandi once said , history teaches us that it does n't teach us anything . 
  that quote is not from me but you know what , calling that picture left wing propagande is probably the same as calling everybody a racist . 
  welcome to the fancy new world of this subreddit . 
   24.8 billion euros for germany there 's 1 billion planned in to be spent on the refugee crisis and yet this entire sub seems to think it 's refugees that will cause the downfall of our society . 
  this right there is the true antisocial threat . 
  everyone hates orban , not hungary . 
  i tried telling you that yesterday but you seem to be quite comfortable in your 3-year-old-acting-upset-mode . 
  you keep telling yourself that !, 
   now islam is slowly taking the place christianity once held you 're kidding , right ? 
  maybe we should also stop to pretend that refugees are the downfall of teh christian occent .
