  so many people on here hide their xenophobia behind `` we ca n't afford that '' , `` they do n't have to come here '' , `` they are economic refugees '' and so on . 
  germany alone has gone through much larger immigration waves before and people act as if we 'd cease to exist once all those refugees set foot on our beloved ground . 
  that 's going a bit too far for me personally but i do think that every politician who thinks he can sit this one out and ignore the fact that refugees will come to the eu ( if they are invited or not ) will have blood on their hands as well if they do n't make sure they can come here safe and sound . 
  and that includes making passing borders legal . 
   he was in turkey where it 's safe why do n't you move to a turkish refugee camp if it 's all nice and cosy there . 
  do you have kids ? 
  bring them along !, 
  agreed , as much as i dislike cameron , but that was a decent move . 
  then state that you are merely observing things , mate . 
  make it clear you are not [ infratest dimap ] ( http://imgur.com/a/0otil#1 ), 
   you deserve no pitty for whatever happens besides the fact that i disagree with you on who is to blame , this right there is probably a new low point for this sub . 
  his greedy father put him on a shitty boat because paying human traffickers is the only way for syrians to enter the eu . 
  a ticket on a normal ferry is about $ 20 afaik but not for syrian refugees . 
  if europe would finally find legal ways for these people to legally enter the european union , shitty boats and ugly pictures of dead toddlers would finally come to en end . 
  this sub has gone to shits , each time you say something even remotely close to `` should n't we help those people '' you will be downvoated into oblivion and there 's curse words coming my way these days i did n't even think existed . 
  and who are you to speak for `` the people '' ? 
  the `` so let 's not even try '' is strong with you ... 
  i do feel sorry for people who ca n't have the slightest bit of empathy for other human beings . 
   1 ) they do n't had to camp anywhere , they are waiting for trains that wo n't take them anywhere near germany . 
  which was what that train to sopron was supposed to do . 
  they days before hungary had no problem with letting people pass through unregistered , then that changed without proper information given to the people waiting . 
  google for `` tranzitz\u00f3na '' , they are allowed to shower and take care of hygienic needs near the main railway stations . 
  these zones were set up by the municipal govt , not civilians . 
  that is contrary to what most media reported . 
   3 ) nobody * promised * them the train will take them into austria , they * assumed * it because it had the sopron sign on it , because it came from there . 
  i never said thes were promised a train to austria . 
  i said their money was good enough to pay for a train ticket to sopron which is not where they arrived . 
   4 ) it 's hard to control this many people storming a train to board it if they run like madmen . 
  you 're right so let 's not try at all . 
  let 's make them feel as uncomfortable as possible . 
  as orban said , they are not welcome in hungary and theur safety will not be guaranteed . 
   really , i ca n't imagine what is it to not being treated as shit for you ? 
  being treated like a normal human being , not some unwanted piece of cattle . 
  being hosted in hotels and given warm meal three times a day ? 
  i do n't think hostels are necessary but a bed or a mattress , food , water and decent hygiene should be achievable in a first world country such as hungary . 
  by the govt ? 
  police all greeting you in arabic ? 
  i think english would do . 
  do hungarians not speak english ? 
  gently telling you that you are free to act outside eu and local laws ? 
  informing people properly would be a good start . 
  transporting you on buses from the serbian border to the austrian border ? 
  no we should just make them walk instead ... oh ... . wait ... because humanitarian reasons ? 
  yes that 's what we call it . 
  totally unheard of among orbans fascist friends i am sure . 
  sorry but we are n't sweden to give them a five-star refugee experience , because we are n't a wealthy country . 
  hungary - just like any other country - could have applied for funding from the eu - and it could have done that months ago . 
  they did n't because orban and co are not willing to do so . 
   i like how you guys all act like we are north korea . 
  `` you guys '' being ? 
  i criticized the hungarian government - not the people . 
  in fact , many hungarians helped out with food , water and hygiene in budapest and they are handing water to those couple of hundreds of refugees walking to austria at the moment . 
  it obviously did n't move you the slightest . 
  what has the world come to ... 
   this is why i wish somebody they still trust would make a statement , and tell them that they need to cooperate with the hungarian police if they want to leave hungary , because no western country will let them through their borders without them being registered , and i do n't think many of them know it . 
  and i know for sure they do n't believe it when they hear it from the hungarian police , or orb\u00e1n . 
  that is what i am worried about , too . 
  austria technically can not let them in . 
  but there 's a ton of public pressure . 
  i just want everybody to be treated as a human being , not some unwanted piece of garbage . 
  i do not think orban made himself too many friends with what he said ( not just as of late but basically all the time ) . 
  but it 's like what you said - radicals are very vocal in troubled times . 
  i think the main problem is that at first they were let through without registration , then suddenly everything was reversed back and people did n't get much information as to what exactly was going on . 
  you ca n't blame them for not trusting hungarian authorities anymore . 
  because it 's the most innocent victim . 
  and do n't get me wrong - i am not perpetuating the symbolism , i was just trying to explain why it has had such a strong feedback . 
  i am honestly grateful for a decent reply from somebody disagreeing with me . 
  nobody here seems to be able to discuss things reasonably anymore . 
  i watched the news closely those past days ( as i always do actually ) and the scenes from the station in budapest , where refugees boarded the train that was later on stopped , were nothing short of chaotic and to me they looked dangerous . 
  everybody was trying to board the train at once , kids got squeezed into the chaos and i did n't see a single police officer in there . 
  of course i saw police in the pictures from outside the station but nothing when these people were trying to board the train . 
  that was what i was referring to . 
  as for policemen in hungary being calm , that sure is true for some , but not for all . 
  my atheist altruism , yes . 
  i do n't need to hide behind the bible . 
  thank you , i will put that on my `` movies i need to watch '' list !, 
  yes i remember that one , too !, 
  sometimes that is what it takes to reach people . 
  it 's sad but it 's true . 
  did n't kevin carter commit suicide later on ? 
  yeah let 's take everything out of context that fits our mood , shall we . 
  how christian !, 
  i feel like a bad review on yelp would not do them justice since they can only be as `` good '' as their government wants them to be . 
  i wonder what i would do in their situation . 
  first i had to camp in front of a train station for days , the only ones willing to help with food or hygiene being hungarian citizens , not hungarian authorities . 
  there 's also a whopping 4 porter potties for 1,000 + refugees . 
  then i was finally allowed to buy a train ticket for a certain destination . 
  then when i am finally allowed to board the train in chaotic circumstances with zero police making sure nobody gets trampled to death , my train gets stopped half way to the destination i was promised the train would go and that i paid to be taken to . 
  and now the same officials who have been treating me like shit the entire time i set foot on that ground are trying to make me get off the train . 
  how altruistic !, 
  i had to scroll way too far down to find the only reasonable comment to this post . 
  i guess facts do n't matter much to those claiming every news report shedding light on the horrifying way refugees are treated in hungary at the moment is left wing propaganda ( just as the pictures of aylan kurdi were called propaganda ) . 
  anyway - decided to go down with you . 
  remember the scene on schindlers list with the girl in the red coat ? 
  you could see a distant grey mass of people being shoved together in the warsaw ghetto but the girl stood out due to her coat . 
  i always interpreted that red coat as a means to make you notice a familiarity in the grey mess of people , a way for the viewer to connect to the peoples ' fate . 
  that is why that picture got so much attention . 
  it puts a face on the grey mass of people who died trying to reach a distant shore . 
  it makes us connect to them and face the reality , in the most brutal way possible . 
  it makes us realize that we can no longer turn a blind eye towards the problem .
