  also , do n't let people treat you without respect !, 
  in a way , yeah , one way is to go for it , fuck up and then learn from your mistakes . 
  or get yourself together and then go for it , but in a more sensible way . 
  different people learn in different ways , so it really depends on the person . 
  and i did n't mean avoid forever , i meant sort out your life and your mind , and go for success  ), 
  that would be lovely !, 
  imagine how satisfying it can be saying goodbye to fat clothes !, 
  and you 'll be helping another redditor on their weightloss journey !, 
  if you care about the animals , go vegan . 
  as for weightloss , no , it wo n't be a magical cure . 
  you need te eat right , vegan or not . 
  tea with lemons . 
  also smoothies . 
  check the expiration date , that does n't sound ok , did you leave it out of the fridge ? 
  well i did n't hold back and i feel like throwing up when i remember ... yeah it really depends on where you are with your life , op is young, 
  hmm , well id get another persons opinion before eating any more . . 
  get veggies , eat a lot , it 's easier when you are n't hungry at first , think where the ` food ' comes from , gross yourself out, 
  that site is a mess , asking to do a survey before viewing, 
  water , tea , lemon water !!, 
  try different flavors , you can even buy cake flavored tea !, 
  ( it just smells that way and has very little calories ) or chocolate tea !, 
  or try infusion water , it 's fruit and water and it 's amazing, 
  it 's all fucking awful . 
  it 's all slavery and torture and murder and exploitation, 
  is it alive ? 
  a ) yes , so exploitation , slavery , rape , murder is wrong, 
  b ) no , it 's a plant, 
  are oysters fucking plants to you ? 
  they are alive , their pearls are their , not yours to take, 
  or do you think that murder gets less wrong with decreasing awareness ? 
  so it 's more ok to kill a fish than it is to kill a dog ?? 
  this is the kind of reasoning we need to get rid of, 
  if you already have the pearls , it does n't really matter , sell them/give them away . 
  next time buy plastic fakes, 
  or plastic fakes that look exactly the same ... why do you need real pearls ? 
  5 happy slaves that are being bred and exploited , also warped as fuck , they can get milked by their own children , that is why they make milk , look at wild goats . 
  unless your friend has a messed up kind of goats that were heavily altered by humans , making them not be able to survive on their own ( like cows that produce 10x milk than they should ) or maybe your friend is killing their kids so they cant get rid of the milk, 
  there is no excuse for animal exploitation ... believe in or not , animals were fine without humans , and animals will be fine without humans, 
  plants are alive , but in a different way than animals . 
  even if they are not sentient , that is not a pass to abuse them and exploit them , they are animals, 
  local stay at home mom websites , you would n't believe how these ladies hustle . 
  make it a bit cheaper and it 'll be gone in no time . 
  unless you live in the same area as me , then there is no point in me telling you about local mom sites . 
  do n't be afraid of strangers . 
  just agree on a public place for the smaller stuff , like a bus stop few blocks away from you . 
  and for the bigger stuff just let them come over but have some friends come over , maybe borrow a big dog and just have him/her run around . 
  i 've had a lot of people come pick stuff up , my big black dog that does n't like strangers and barks and growls has people come in , take what they came for and get the fuck out in less than 2 min . 
  i usually have him in the other room that has a glass door . 
  or have a recording of people talking in the other room . 
  i really could n't care less about your hurt feelings . 
  if you get hurt by strangers on the internet then that 's your problem love . 
  pearls are not a necessary , there is no rational reason why we should exploit and kill oysters to take the pearls . 
  there is no argument for killing and abusing them that would make sense , even if they are only mildly more aware than plants . 
  ' i can/i want to ' is not an argument . 
  veganism is n't about humans . 
  it 's not about food . 
  it 's about the animals . 
  i was n't being an asshole towards op , op said she thinks pearls are not ok , i was reacting to all the people bringing up how much/little sentient an animal is as an excuse for abuse . 
  i 'm angry that this is the mindset vegans here have . 
  arguing which animal is superior and saying that it is more ok to abuse the inferior animals . 
  that 's not a productive mindset at all , and shows how som people have a very narrow understanding of what veganism is about . 
  fuck this anthropocentric reasoning, 
  tag it with [ arts ], 
  this is pathetic , go clean up a beach or something instead of being butthurt over a stranger 's tone on reddit . 
  if you let emotions rule over facts then i do n't care about your opinions . 
  do n't see this usable with handwriting , it would take me 3x longer to write a simple sentence, 
  i 'm czech , nobody here cares about color . 
  as long as you behave there wo n't be a problem . 
  ( the one thing czech people hate about americans is that some americans talk way too loud in public , it 's annoying ), 
  200 is a lot , usually if it 's more than 120 for a meal then it 's expensive . 
  avoid tourist bars and restaurants , they charge way too much . 
  avoid anything that has ` czech traditional cuisine ' written in english in big letters , has a russian menu , is in tourist zones , has people standing infront and inviting you in , has a lot of tourists in it . 
  that is usually a clear sign that it 's aimed at tourists =  expensive . 
  also if you want somebody to hang out with you , describe yourself , you 'll have a much higher chance of people reacting, 
  if you do n't speak czech , go with a friend that does, 
  i 'm glad you are thinking about things . 
  i 'm not sitting here going red with rage , and my anger is n't directed at you . 
  i 'm angry when i see vegans using the sentiency argument to determine how much is it okay to abuse an animal , to excuse torture and sort animals into superior-nferior animals . 
  that is horribly anthropocentric and a totally fucked up way to think . 
  i 'm sick and tired of people not being able to think for themselves and seeking out human approval . 
  just google ` are pearls vegan ' and the first 3 webpages explain why they are n't . 
  and you need to get rid of the idea that every vegan has an obligation to be sweet and lovely . 
  we do n't . 
  veganism is not about human feelings, 
  just do a ` spring cleaning ' with him , tell him that the space is small , and you feel suffocated by all the things , tell him that you never use that stuff . 
  go through the stuff with him and point out what needs to go . 
  if you can watch it online/pirate it , get rid of the dvd/cd !, 
  every single one, 
  then how could you even have doubts about oysters , if you say you mean to cause as little harm as you possibly can ? 
  it 's not logical, 
  that 's nice , keep on going , grow a thicker skin , spend your time productively, 
  nice clothes !, 
  awfully expensive though , how much are you paying the manufacturer ? 
  i 'd say the cost of making one can not be more than 10-20 euros even if they are the best quality they can be , and a 50-100 euros commission is prety crazy , especially for a new brand, 
  ok let 's take the shorts , it 's organic cotton , so let 's be extremely generous and say the material and making cost ( including paint ) is 10e ( it 's much less ) , and printing by hand takes max 2 hours plus drying time , you need 1-2 people , let 's say you are doing it yourself , so let 's add 10e for your time . 
  the printing form ( dunno the english term ) costs something , so let 's say you paid 50e for the form ( again , that 's too much ) , so you add 5e to each piece , and you 'll get your money back when you sell 10 pieces , that would make the cost 25e , then you can add profit , let 's be extremely generous and say 10e , so the finished product would be 35e ( + shipping ) . 
  since it 's original art , you might want to give a piece of the profit to the artist , depending on what your arrangement is , let 's say 5e a piece . 
  so 40e . 
  your finished product is 180e . 
  does n't seem too rational .
