  his archery is brilliant, 
  ( we need to talk about kevin is a book/movie ), 
  your voice turns me on, 
  not too practical ... imagine getting cum out of that fur ... 
  fb page is down, 
  are you vegan ? 
  if not then i do n't see how you can say this and mean it, 
  how about killing and eating them ? 
  is that ok ? 
  well all animal-based food production is based on abuse , so veganism would be more fitting . 
  that 's not true , do you know what happens to the calves ? 
  they are fed a deficient diet ( not the milk that the cows make for them ) , and then killed . 
  the happier the cow is the more it produces ? 
  that 's pure stupidity , a cow that produces 30l per day is deformed and can barely move , she 's tied to her post , and is fed shitty food . 
  the world would not go vegan overnight , thus there would not be a stray cow problem , if people simply stopped inseminating cows and let the domestic animal population dwindle , the problem would be solved . 
  do you know how much food is used to feed animals in the food industry ? 
  from 1km squared you could feed either a few meat eaters or a tenths of vegans , thus solving world hunger . 
  please research before you go on rants . 
  op reposted himself , he posted this 4 months ago, 
  you look lovely < 3, 
  damn , you are handsome !, 
  good work !, 
  i use kubuntu , it 's nice and clean , works well . 
  gimp , presentations , documents , internet , music and a little bit of computer stuff, 
  all animal-based agriculture is torture and murder . 
  your brother sounds like a bit of a douchebag ... 
  gimp is functional , i really ca n't edit photos & drawings in a ms-paint-quality program . 
  i use amarok . 
  i do n't understand , why put dogs in cages ? 
  my dog has his own basket , he sleeps there , it 's comfy and he has his blanket and toys there . 
  when he 's home alone , he is free to roam the apartment , why would he hurt himself ? 
  it 's much safer , if anything happens he can get out of harms way . 
  ( fire , burst pipe ... ), 
  if your dog lives inside then he should be apartment trained , and pee & poop outside . 
  it seems that this is an american solution to human laziness . 
  just train your dog to behave , no need to keep him in a cage . 
  what ? 
  i 've had dogs in apartments all my life , and i 've never used a crate . 
  just take them outside every few hours when they are puppies , like every 2 hours , and they 'll learn quickly that you pee outside . 
  i understand an open crate , that 's like a tiny dog house , but closing the door ? 
  why ? 
  exactly , it seems like it 's an american thing ? 
  i guess it 's because people are not willing to take the time to train their dogs , and give them the exercise they need . 
  this is just an easy fix ... 
  denying your dog the freedom to move around in an already small place ... why ? 
  well if the apartment is closed , why do you need a crate ? 
  it 's not like the dog will open a locked door . 
  training them to sleep in a specific area is ok , closing them in a tiny cage for hours is not ... 
  why do n't you just command him to stay where he is if the front door is open ? 
  that 's just basic control over your dog ... 
  edit : i 'm getting downvoted because i dared to suggest that your dog should know basic commands ... wow , way to go, 
  yeah , instead of addressing the issue , just lock her away in a cage ... 
  ( just close the door and leave her in a different room ? 
  if you ca n't command her to stay ... ), 
  what the crate does is it replaces the ` stay ' command . 
  if your dog is trained and obeys basic commands , there is no need for a crate . 
  the only thing that makes sense is crates for travelling . 
  ( and maybe taking a dog-agressive dog to a place that makes him stay around foreign dogs , like the vet . ), 
  as a puppy , later on you walk them like 3/4x a day , because they are used to peeing outside . 
  i hope ... 
  i 've had dogs since i was 5 , big active dogs . 
  just close them in a room if you are doing something that requires an open front door . 
  when i was dealing with a locksmith , i just closed all the doors . 
  easy . 
  lazy as in ` lazy to actually train their dogs ' & ` lazy to walk their dogs often enough for them to be tired ', 
  why they do n't let the dog to roam free , but use a doggy toilet , and train the dog to pee there ? 
  no need to put the dog in a cage . 
  an adult dog , yes , but a puppy needs to go pee more often . 
  ( consider getting a cat if you do n't have much time ), 
  i 'm not saying the dogs are lazy ... what are you talking about ? 
  sure , crates are fine , as long as you do n't lock them in , ( unless you are travelling . ), 
  but people use it to close their dogs in the crates for hours when they are at work . 
  is that an excuse to close a dog in a crate for hours while you are gone ? 
  are you serious ? 
  have you heard of doors ? 
  just close them in a room , if your front door must be open ... 
  what is the reason to lock them in when you are not home , and all the doors are closed ? 
  that was just an example how you can deal with situations like that . 
  i do n't need to close him in a room , but he 's a big guy and not everybody likes dogs , 
  well i do n't train them to pee inside , none of my adult dogs have ever peed inside . 
  i teach puppies to pee only outside . 
  that was just an alternative to locking the puppy in a cage ... 
  do you lock them in ? 
  or do you leave the door open ? 
  i have nothing against open crates , that 's just like a doggy bed . 
  what i 'm against is locking dogs in for hours . 
  i do n't punish them . 
  did i say that i do ? 
  there is no point in punishing a dog for something they did hours ago , they wo n't know why you are angry, 
  ( also i trained my dog to pee only outside with 0 punishments , just take them out very often , and praise them like crazy when they pee outside . 
  if you catch them peeing inside , just tell them ` no ' , but do n't punish them, 
  that 's what i always do , just make sure to go outside often and if you see that they want something , take them out ), 
  i do n't , i clean it up when i come home . 
  but my dogs always are fully trained to pee only outside after like 2 weeks , depends on how old they are . 
  looks like your dogs have behavioral problems you need to address . 
  the first one sounds like separation anxiety , that can be ` fixed ' with doggie therapy and separation training . 
  a crate is just an ` easy ' fix . 
  the second one sounds like she has way too much energy and gets bored ? 
  maybe she needs more exercise and attention ? 
  depends on what breed she is and how old .
