  well i used to screen print by hand and it took us ( 2 people ) less than 20 min to do a tshirt , organic cotton is expensive , but not so much , if that is only the material cost , then try to find a different distributor , fairtrade organic cotton is not that brutally expensive . 
  neither is paint . 
  looking at the shorts , using a sewing machine you can sew them is 20min , by hand in 2 hours max . 
  i love the idea and i love your clothes , but it seems that you are doing something wrong in terms of finance . 
  could you write out exact numbers for me ? 
  i know how much roughly things cost . 
  fairtrade vegan and all . 
  i can point out what does n't seem to be right . 
  we used te print it in our bathtub , nothing but the form and paint is really needed . 
  does n't matter how long it takes , you said you were not paying yourself atm . 
  even with the nicest cotton and paint , getting to 180e is surreal . 
  i 'm not trying to put you down , i 'm just saying that if you reduce the cost , you 'll have a much better chance at selling it . 
  i love the idea and i like the clothes , that 's why i 'm writing all this , the price is limiting you awfully , and i 'd hate to see you fail because of it . 
  the more people that produce similar stuff in your area , the harder you have to try to make them choose your stuff . 
  sure , go ahead and try , if it works then awesome  if not , cut down the costs . 
  a key from my keychain that does n't open anything . 
  sell all your comics , it 'll keep you afloat in hard times . 
  clean up your room , you have no idea how much your mindset changes in a clean simple room . 
  go for it and get your dream job !, 
  if only i had a budget like yours ...  ), 
  i reccomend thinkpads . 
  as for the headphones , buy ones with life warranty , if they break the company should mail you new ones . 
  june 2, 
  1 ) my bed ( it 's not gone yet but it 's listed online and i 'm just waiting for the guy to come pick it up ) 2 ) a psychology book , a girl is picking it up this week, 
  wow !, 
  i 'd actually use that , but i use mozilla :( but i love the idea !, 
  i just signed up and it 's awesome , thanks !, 
  diving fins ( no sea here ) , diving mask and snorkel , have n't used it in ages anyway , put it up for sale, 
  post ` help me declutter and you can pick things to take ' on fb , your friends might help and take a lot of stuff you need to get rid of . 
  do you really need an 80 '' screen ? 
  why do n't you get a single bed ? 
  a lot of people have that foreigner = rich mentality , maybe a coworker or somebody like that ? 
  just explain that you do n't wan na be ripped off, 
  my dad did that , he left his well paying corporate job and travels around the world in his furnished van . 
  he 's really happy now , he does what he likes , can just ride away if he does n't like a place , sometimes he helps out with web projects , and that gives him money for gas for his van and all that . 
  well you must find something you enjoy and are good at , another guy i know , travels the world on his bike , and to get money he fixes bikes , he comes to a plaza , has his tools and a sign with ` bike repair 10 $ ' or something , he 's really fast and knows what he 's doing , so he gets the money he needs and moves on . 
  or teaching a language is effortless pretty much . 
  2 waterbottles , gave back an mp3 player that was n't mine , a black coat with too short sleeves , a grey coat with too short sleeves, 
  lojban definitely, 
  if it 's in a good condition , and you can sell it without losing much money then go for it , if not loan it to friends if you can . 
  i use [ weekplan ] ( https://app.weekplan.net ) it 's super easy , takes seconds, 
  i 'm getting rid of my 2nd closet ( waiting for people to come pick it up ) , paintings that used to be under my bed , puzzle , giving up ownership of all my cups ( roommate 's taking them ) , and a dog leash, 
  i 'm a female minimalist , what you are saying is pretty insulting , assuming that all women are simple creatures that you can mold into liking shiny things is pretty awful . 
  i use the free version , 
  awesome !, 
  greetings from prague . 
  i 'm not an artist , some parts might not be anatomically correct . 
  ( drawing penises is not my hobby ) if you find a mistake in my lojban , let me know !, 
  [ white background version ] ( http://i.imgur.com/mfpl56w ), 
  same !, 
  sounds good !, 
  i just put stuff next to my mattress , but that 's because i do n't have a bed . 
  it does look good tho !, 
  damn , i forgot to post the last 2 days , but i 've been busy getting rid of stuff !, 
  i gave away a huge bag of about 40 items  so i guess that should cover the 2 days , 
  thanks !, 
  i did it to help myself learn , thought somebody might find it useful . 
  i might do more drawn lojban stuff . 
  well it 's pretty hot here and i 'm dying , i just came back from cycling 8km . 
  cold shower helped but not that much . 
  vegetables ? 
  cheap and nutritious, 
  eat your veggies !, 
  :p no but really , vegetables are awesome , you ca n't get fat off of veggies . 
  people used to eat mainly veggies , meat was rare , a weekend thing . 
  people nowdays eat too much animal products for their health . 
  most modern age diseases are from overconsumption of animal products . 
  my art supplies . 
  i ca n't make 100 shades from 3 crayons . 
  i have around 200 crayons , all unique shades . 
  different sorts of paper ( for pencils , watercolor , ink ... ) 20 brushes . . 
  it 's not minimalistic , and i 'm not good enough to be proud of it . 
  i 'm trying to get over that gap , i was pretty good , then the last 2 years i did n't have much time , i started drawing again and the first time i sat down and drew something , i cried because it was just bad , i was so frustrated . 
  now i 'm trying to start again and keep on going even if my art sucks now . 
  i might post something later on  thanks for the kind words . 
  the video is amazing . 
  i needed that today . 
  what is that bottle called ? 
  thanks, 
  i 'll stay loyal to my nalgene  bit i have the same bottle as you do , and i was curious what is it called . 
  thanks, 
   lovely , i 'm glad you are happy !, 
  your kids will thank you later on !, 
  i wish i had less stuff when i was a kid , 
  i was forced into minimalism when i was living with a minimalist parent , i hated it , fast forward a few years , and here i am :d, 
  i started but i had to quit , i ran out of things , and i really did n't want to list bottle caps and small stuff like that . 
   i just like to take a few hours and throw stuff out in big garbage bags !, 
  damn , looks good , but the shipping + cost ... 
  the joys of living outside the us ... 
  tell me more about your experience with xero shoes , i was going to order them a few days ago but i 'm still not decided . 
  please ? 
  well i 'm a broke student in europe , so 40 $ is my food for nearly 2 weeks ( 30 shoes , 10 shipping ) , so i need shoes that 'll last and be ok to wear everyday . 
  i 'll read up on xero shoes some more , i feel like they could work for me  thank you !, 
  i 'd buy them if the price was reasonable , i 'm afraid that they wo n't last long . 
  plus shipping to europe ... : / i 'm a broke student so i 'm not really keen on buying shoes that will last me 5 months and cost 2 weeks worth of food . 
  help explain the material , a new person explaining the same thing can help a lot of people understand , rather than assigning us meaningless work , explain !, 
  cut off your limbs , you do n't really need them . 
  i got rid of my bed a few weeks ago , i downsized my closet , donated clothes worth thousands , sold nearly all my books , and i 'm aiming for all my stuff to fit in a bag . 
  lovely , a vacant vacation house while some of the locals have nowhere to live and barely can afford to eat . 
  spain has 20 % unemployment , especially amongst young people .
