  it 'll be around 10 * , not that bad as long as it does n't rain . 
  usually evenings , sometimes even at night . 
  i might do mornings but that would have to be around 5-6 am on work-days . 
  right now i 'm trying to run slow , mostly interval training or just jogging . 
  i 'm just starting to run again . 
  that would be awesome , we can start the c25k program together , i already started but i can loop back to the beginning . 
  as for diet , i 'd recommend keto , i 'm just reading about it , and the success stories are incredible . 
  wow , thank you . 
  i 'm buying a gym membership !, 
  it 'll be scary , at my last gym i never even went into the big machines part :d, 
  this post will be my guide !, 
  i 'll keep you updated , maybe ask more silly questions  ), 
  thanks !, 
  i sent you a pm , 
  sure , just message me , 
  sent you a pm , 
  cafe moment , it 's vegan and they usually have gluten free options  ), 
  that 's too much for me , i 'm still working my way up to 5km , 
  but i 'd love to join you later on , when i 'll be able to keep up , 
  hmm , i 'll try how much i can run sometime this week , and then i might join you for a part of your run and see how long i can keep going . 
  i 'll get back to you , 
  why did you do that ? 
  what were you trying to accomplish ? 
  this is in the czech republic , a lot of public nudity is from the czech republic . 
  did you just make that up ? 
  that does n't sound real, 
  oh god , i hoped it was n't real ... that 's horrifying, 
  she looks under-age ... 
  under 18 , it 's in the sidebar . 
  wow !, 
  i had my ears done when i was 14 , no pain at all , did n't even bleed . 
  but yeah , everybody should decide themselves , nobody should make those decisions for you . 
  it 's not health related , so it can wait for you to grow up and decide on your own . 
  actually it is common within the upper class . 
  it 's done in a sterilized environment , usually by a doctor . 
  then girls wear simple golden/silver earrings with a gemstone usually . 
  your body = your choice , it 's super simple , 
  you do n't tattoo children , cut pieces off , dye their hair , pierce their nipples ... 
  so why pierce their ears ? 
  my parents let me choose and i 'm grateful for that , i decided to get my ears pierced , so i had them pierced . 
  you look so much better !, 
  keep on lifting , it 's clearly working !, 
  you look good !, 
  come to europe , it 's way more affordable here , try the czech republic , we have cheap and high quality dental care . 
  where are you getting them ? 
  that seems way too much . 
  i had pretty screwed up teeth and my braces were around 1000 $ . 
  europe ftw . 
  i know that you are joking , but living here is pretty cheap compared to the usa , and you might have way more jobs prospects here as a native english speaker . 
  you look good !, 
  can you run with a duffel bag ? 
  awesome , keep on going !, 
  you look good !, 
  good job !, 
  your eyebrows and eyelashes , wow !, 
  also you look so much better !, 
  started doing the c25k , exercising and decided to get fit . 
  started the 801010 diet/lifestyle . 
  i try to eat as many fruits and veggies as i can afford , but i eat cooked low fat high carb meals too . 
  got a diary/planner , wrote all my tasks and events , started crossing them off . 
  cleaned my room , got rid of enormous amounts of stuff . 
  cut out all the toxic people out of my life . 
  abandoned all my social media accounts , ( except school and work related uses ), 
  started drinking more water and sleeping right . 
  [ sleepyti.me ] ( http://sleepyti.me ), 
  wow , you look so much better  ) good job !, 
  start doing the c25k . 
  ( it 's a running program designed to get you to run 5k in a few weeks ) when you finish , start doing it again but with your gear on . 
  you 'll, 
  a ) be able to run at least 5k, 
  b ) find out how much you can carry and adjust your bob accordingly, 
  c ) get used to running with your gear on , find out how it 's comfortable, 
  c25k , it gets you from 0 to 5km  ), 
  i 'm doing the c25k too , it 's awesome !, 
  it really makes you want to get out there and run !, 
  you did the right thing !, 
  i 'm so proud of you !, 
  keep on going !, 
   ) congrats on the gym membership , that sounds good !, 
  good job !, 
  keep on going !, 
  remember to drink a lot of water and do n't fixate on your weight too much , you started exercising , that means muscles , you might not see them for some time , but they 'll add weight , so do n't worry , your fat is turning into muscles . 
  also maybe try monitoring your body fat percentage , that will be a better indicator than bmi  ), 
  your calves look superb !, 
  congrats on getting healthy !, 
  try counting it again in cm , then compare your calculations , convert back to inches and if you get the same numbers then go ahead, 
  well done , keep on going !, 
  keep on going !, 
  what a cunt . 
  i hope you cut her out of your life . 
  he has muscle dystrophy, 
  is it us only ? 
  ( rules do n't load for me ), 
  thanks , i 'm european , so no challenge for me ... 
  i 'm female , shoulder length simple haircut works for me . 
  long enough for a pony tail , short enough to be easy to maintain . 
  ask your trainer , that 's what you are paying them for . 
  he 's a great guy , if you actually read the article , you 'll see that he had no ill wishes and did it to please/honour his mother . 
  he just wanted to give , but did n't have the means . 
  look in the faq if you have trouble completing w1 , as for the pain , go to your doctor , that does n't sound normal .
