  your muscles should hurt after the workout mostly . 
  how did you get out ? 
  did she at least sue them ? 
  did they at least formally apologize and pay her ? 
  yup , i wrote that before i checked , sorry . 
  edit : but it 's not clear from the article anyway . 
  i 'm not a native speaker . 
  whoa !, 
  you look so handsome !, 
  gray yoga pants and a hoodie, 
  your before pictures will be your after pictures !, 
  i 'm from europe but i just want to say that this is very nice of you . 
  watch we need to talk about kevin , it 's relevant, 
  the new mana is n't thick , the consistency is much better now . 
  i tried the first version but not the last one yet , and i ca n't email the people that ordered it , i just help out from time to time , i do n't work there , and i was wondering what different people think  ), 
  the new version is vanilla , the first one was more like oatmeal and thicker . 
  oh god , i hoped i would be safe from high quality ads like these . 
  go back to porn-sites, 
  i study full time , i 'm just really excited that something is being created in my hometown , and it 's awesome and i do n't mind sharing or helping out . 
  just imagine living near soylent headquarters and having the chance to participate . 
  well i 've visited the lab , i can post pictures , also the czech facebook page has a lot of people saying they got their order and like it . 
  mana is n't as big as soylent and it 's mainly european , not everybody speaks english or knows where to review it . 
  : / it 's a pity , i can assure you that it exists , i 've seen the packed boxes and all that . 
  there are even bottles being made for mana . 
  https://www.facebook.com/mojemana.cz try google translating the reviews  ), 
  the nutritional info should be good , have a look at the latest update . 
  i can maybe make a video , showing how the packaging looks ? 
  the new formula tastes like vanilla , it 's not thick , it 's smooth and very easy to drink . 
  i could ask on the fb page for people to review it in english . 
  http://tlustoprdhubne.wordpress.com/ here is a blog in czech , a guy losing weight on mana and getting healthier . 
   if you have any questions i could do my best . 
  i try to spread the word in english but i do n't want to seem pushy or anything . 
  will do !, 
  i wanted to enter but shipping from my country would probably ruin me . 
  : / maybe next year, 
  awesome !, 
  age of consent is 13 in spain for example, 
  have your mum ask her !, 
  it was 17/11 , a big day for czechs , end of communism , the velvet revolution , that 's why , 
  yeah , no , actually this is a big holiday for us , the velvet revolution and the anti-nazi protests in 39 , death of jan opletal killed by the nazis ... 17.11 is a big thing here , as it should be, 
  it 's extremely rude to take pictures of people without their permission . 
  at least in the czech rep it is . 
  do n't do that . 
  you can take pictures of the city , no problem there , just not pictures of people themselves as the main object of the photo . 
  so much better !, 
  i would n't even recognize you !, 
  good work !, 
  \u0161 \u010d \u0159 \u017e \u00fd \u00e1 \u00ed \u00e9 \u00fa \u016f \u010f t ' \u0148 ( czech ), 
  fair trade chocolate is a thing , free people working for good wages on their own terms, 
  stock images of people told to pull the face it 's supposed to be . 
  not realistic at all . 
  i 'm not willing to spend 20 $ on a tshirt , i have enough tshirts , i do n't need any more . 
  also i 'd rather buy food or something i really need . 
  if somebody gave it to me , i 'd wear it . 
  it would be better just as a ` basic income ' tshirt instead of a ` basic income on reddit ' tshirt . 
  whoa , you look amazing !, 
  good work !, 
  keep on going  ), 
  oh my god , you are handsome , your frame is wow . 
  keep on going and you 'll be hot as hell , like wow , a tall muscular cute guy , irresistible  ), 
  it 's zuzana , no double n , 
  pictures of abused animals , how fun . 
  probably stolen from the wild , most of them living in horrible conditions . 
  i 'm just starting to read about basic income , but should n't healthcare be free too ? 
  why would you pay for hip surgeries ? 
  unless it 's cosmetic and not really needed , your insurance/healthcare should cover it . 
  wow , you look great !, 
  your jawline is way more defined now . 
  good work !, 
  good work , you kinda look younger now !, 
  just move the extra weight , put heavy things in your pockets , hold something in your hand ( tablet , notebook ) , put your camera on you with the heaviest lens on, 
  does anyone have any more of nazi vivisection posters ? 
  the software and software support is awful , you may go 12 + hours unable to sync , sometimes the website does n't work . 
  also the sleep mode is pretty much useless and inaccurate . 
  i had to return mine . 
  yeah , pretending that russia is a magical place with wild animals living with humans in harmony is way more fun i guess . 
  either way , you are using pictures of abused animals for entertainment ... 
  i 've had free healthcare all my life , i 'd rather have healthcare than bi . 
  imagine having cancer , that would cost monthly more than bi surely , you 'd be unable to work and sick . 
  having no healthcare takes away financial stability , you can lose all your savings if you get sick , you 'll be forced to pay to stay alive . 
  but yes i guess you could use the money for insurance , but look at how that 's working in the usa . 
  1 ) bears do n't belong in the city , just the theft of their natural habitat is abuse, 
  2 ) what conditions do you think they are kept in, 
  3 ) look at the people handling them , does it look like they have the money to recreate a bear habitat and fulfil the animal 's needs ? 
  4 ) keeping a wild animal on a chain / in captivity is abuse, 
  5 ) some of them are cubs , they should not be without the female bear , they are stolen children, 
  6 ) wild animals are not to be trained , how do you think they train them ? 
  i 'm part russian , i speak russian , i 've lived there , i 've been to the circus many times when i was younger , i 've seen the animals and how they live . 
  this is animal abuse , clear as the day . 
  keeping a wild animal away from it 's natural habitat is abuse , that 's enough to say that all the bears in the picture are abused animals . 
  just because it could be worse , does n't mean that it 's right . 
  i think that if it 's sweet and fried + ( vegan ) whipped cream , then this is not a recipe focused on health :d, 
  cut your hair and you 'll be bangin ', 
  you are n't ugly at all , here are some suggestions for picture taking :, 
  glasses in pic no. 2 do n't suit your face , they make you look older . 
  in number 3 you are tilting your head back a bit too much , but i guess it 's a pose . 
  try putting your forehead out and tilting down , that will give you the jawline look without tilting your head back . 
  you can try different clothing styles , i think a bit classier clothes could suit you too , but that 's a personal preference . 
  also , do n't look directly into the camera , look a little bit above it . 
  1 ) shave,
