that is horrible , the surrogate should be sued and taken as much legal action against as possible . 
  a tall hadsome vegan < 3 damn , congrats !, 
  adopt a dog from a local shelter , you will already know their activity level , and can start running with them right away , you will also do a good deed  ), 
  you look good !, 
  she clearly did not think about what she was doing , the child is not hers to make decisions for , she agreed to a contract , was paid , and then violated it . 
  she should not be let to be a surrogate ever again at least . 
  she did not abort partly because of religious reasons , she should have not accepted a contract if she knew she was against aborting a fetus . 
  this is plain stupidity on the surrogate 's side . 
  the baby has severe brain and heart problems , it 's clear that the baby will never have a normal life , and will be in pain all her short life, 
  forcing a family to have a special needs kid that they want aborted is awful ,, 
  forcing anybody to have a kid they do n't want is awful, 
  i 'm terrified that this woman is raising 2 kids ... 
  try a no dating policy , just tell yourself that you will not get in to a relationship in the next x months , no matter what . 
  focus on school , fitness , explore your hobbies . 
  limit your online time to 1h per day , sort out what is important, 
  well she agreed to it . 
  if she didnt like it , she shouldnt have taken the job . 
  you can sue and then settle for her not being allowed to be a surrogate , or something similar . 
  i still think she should give back all the money they gave her . 
  the child 's problems are not her fault , but the whole `` i 'll kidnap your kid and make it mine just to give it away against your will '' thing definitely is . 
  the kidnapping part might be even valid , as in illegal , do n't know , i 'm not in the usa . 
  imagine the kid was n't disabled and she kidnapped it ... 
  this is so wrong on so many levels . 
  i see no problem with surrogacy , the problem is that both the parents and the surrogate were not prepared for something to go wrong . 
  they did not think about that . 
  the problem is always in the people . 
  vegetarian ? 
  you mean vegan right ? 
  i hate rice . 
  especially the brown healthy one . 
  fuck rice . 
  yeah , i get so much shit for that . 
  do n't get a nonvegan one , you will have cruelty under your skin forever and will regret it , you will feel powerless about it later , and most likely begin to dislike the tattoo and wish you found a vegan way, 
  tattoos are for life, 
  the operator should be fired , she handled the call horribly . 
  my heart goes to that woman and her kids . 
  when i was a kid my mother used to make me eat it , when i went vegan in my early teens , she would say i 'd die if i was picky with my food , because `` as a vegan i can not afford to be picky '' . 
  prepare for so much shit ... in my experience , your kid will secretly get non vegan food , the teachers will tell your kid horrible lies ... a friend had the daycare ladies tell his kid that she will die . 
  unless you are paying a lot of money , prepare for your kid to be messed with heavily . 
  yeah , i had an even worse experience with fish meat when i was a kid , now i feel like throwing up when i smell sea weed , i was forced to eat fish meat ( i always loathed fish meat ) to the point when i threw up and was forced to eat more , fucking cunts ruined sea weed for me, 
  yeah exactly , it seems strange to even consider it ... 
  everybody reacts differently to different approaches , non-judgemental vegans piss me off , and that approach never worked on me, 
  do what makes sense to you , let others do their thing, 
  yeah well , i used to eat less then i was supposed to , i was iron-deficient ( still am , veganism was n't a magical cure for me unfortunately ) and all , so it was a lot about health and all that, 
  stare and raise your eybrows , say that you find it very offensive , and will not tolerate harassment , that works for me usually , just make sure that they understand that you take it seriously , demand respect, 
  do consider an alternative to daycare , at such a young age , kids are vulnerable . 
  you really do n't want to have them messed with, 
  be careful , i went through pretty bad stuff in kindergardens , i still remember it , and i 'm terrified that some people are even allowed to work with kids ... add veganism to that and you need to be very careful, 
  good luck, 
  if you are religious and against abortion , then you do know how you are gon na feel about aborting ... 
  step one : be vegan, 
  no other stuff needed, 
  veganism has one rule -  not eating any animal products, 
  stop making up stupid requirements, 
  successful vegan = any vegan, 
  she said that she was religious and against abortion , she had those views before the surrogacy -  she fucking knew she was not okay with it and signed the contract anyway . 
  do not sign contracts legally binding you to having to do something you know you are not able to do, 
  -  if i know i would never eat meat , i wo n't sign a contract that says ` if it rains tomorrow then you 'll eat a steak ', 
  this is pure stupidity on the surrogate 's part , ( and the parent 's for not checking who was carrying their kid and how they stand on abortion and all that ), 
  thanks  ), 
  people who force somebody to eat something against the person 's will are fucking cunts, 
  yeah . 
  i do n't even get why they need a 4th kid ... 
  adoption would be a much better choice for them . 
  do n't pout on pictures , you look fine , your nose is not bad at all , your face is proportional , your nose would stand out more if you lost a lot af weight , your nose is wide , not big , do n't worry about it, 
  but not her kid ,, 
  she could abort , and it would be under the ` its her body , she can do whatever she likes ' , and i would respect that ( her choice to be a surrogate would be very much up for debate , but let 's disregard that now ), 
  but it 's not her kid , she should not be in control of what affects the kid when it 's alive , that is , she can not choose to make it live , because that is interfering with the parental rights, 
  it 's strange , but she has no right to decide to make it live against the will of the parents , but she can decide to abort based on it being her body and has the right to, 
  i do n't know if you understand me , i 'm not a native speaker , feel free to ask me to elaborate on anything, 
  well in cases like this , when the kid has pretty bad issues and has no chance to have a decent life , it is plain cruel . 
  it was ' t her kid to make decisions for , she did n't plan on taking care of it . 
  even if it were her kid , it 's awful to choose to have a heavily disabled kid . 
  very cruel and selfish . 
  as for the fathers , if a woman is pregnant , and the father does not want the kid , then the woman should have the kid only if she is okay with raising it without the father , and not asking for anything from the father . 
  if a woman does n't want the kid , and the father does , well then she aborts , because it 's her body and her choice , and i respect that . 
  a woman should never be forced to have a child against her will . 
  and a man should never be forced to have a child against his will either . 
  ( does n't mean the woman has to abort , she just has to respect his decision to not to get involved ), 
  anything else would be heavily sexist -  child support for kids not wanted since pregnancy ( it is okay when the kids are of the both parents and all that ), 
  and i would argue about that , the kid is not hers , if it were inside of the mother , she would have all the power , does she lose her claim to her child , just because it is not inside of her ? 
  there are different factors here , the surrogacy and the kid being disabled, 
  i 'm not against female welfare , i 'm biologically female , it would not be logical for me to be against females . 
  it is not children welfare to force a brain & heart damaged kid to suffer for years . 
  that is cruelty out of selfishness . 
  i do not advocate forcing anybody to have an abortion . 
  i do advocate that people think about the welfare of the children , that is the whole point of having children . 
  i do advocate that people be responsible and think about others , parents must care about the welfare of their children . 
  popping out kids without a care in the world just because you have a right to is far from responsible ... 
  i do n't agree with you , i think the baby should have been aborted , as should be all kids with severe brain damage . 
  i can not force anybody to do so , but that does n't make it morally okay . 
  i think it was not her choice to make , and even if it were , what she chose is very shitty and selfish . 
  that is not what i call severe , autism is far from severe ... 
  in this case the kid has heart & brain damage , it 'll be lucky if she even lives to 5 , i doubt she will ever walk or speak, 
  she will have the mental capacity of a dog i 'm guessing , how is that a productive and happy life ? 
  you could argue about ` having a choice ' and morality , but the not explaining part is shitty , 2 sentences about suffering , pain , oppression and all that are not that hard to come up with, 
  exactly !, 
  if you are vegan and eat fries all day and drink only soda , then hell yeah you can be huge & vegan , veganism itself does n't have that much affect on weight , there is a wide range of food , you can eat vegan fast food ... 
  congrats on your weightloss !, 
  smoothies !,
