  call the domestic abuse hotline . 
  even if you do n't want to press charges , they can help you . 
  you can go a shelter meanwhile you sort things out . 
  that 's a good start . 
  you can dislike some parts of you . 
  that 's normal , nobody is 100 % happy with themselves . 
  why do you want to die ? 
  contact a shelter/group in your city , they will help you . 
  maybe you could go back to where your friends are ? 
  call a friend and explain what happened , ask them what you should do , maybe they 'd be willing to help ? 
  what is your routine like ? 
  how much do you eat ? 
  you look amazing and strong !, 
  i have no debt , being punished for having your finances in order does n't seem fair to me . 
  giving people money without restricting them , we are adults , it 's up to the winner to behave responsibly . 
  just because some people can not handle money responsibly , is not a reason to restrict & control everybody else, 
  do get insurance , 
  that 's nice . 
  that book is really bad though . 
  the plot is lacking and the characters horribly clich\u00e9 and awkwardly ` deep ' . 
  could you maybe leave her a note ? 
  or go talk to her about it ? 
  i know how the police ( does n't ) work in my country . 
  the police does n't give a fuck sadly . 
  yes , that 's true . 
  whoa , i 'd say that those are 2 different people , your face changed so much . 
  i looked if any cars were coming , she came speeding from behind a corner ... she came out of nowhere !, 
  thanks !, 
  there are a lot of kids in this area , there is a park nearby and a playground . 
  if i were pushing a pram , the baby would be dead . 
  thank god by dog was beside me and not in front of me . 
  i wo n't scratch her car , but if i see her and her car around , i might write her a note and put it on the wind shield . 
  she nearly killed me and did n't even apologize . 
  i was pretty shaken up , i do n't remember the exact model of her car , i 'm not good with cars . 
  but i do remember her face clearly . 
  i know !, 
  it 's so frustrating , she just does n't care , she clearly can afford a taxi , but chooses to drive even though she might hurt somebody . 
  and nobody can do anything until she actually hurts somebody . 
  and even then she 'll get off with a fine . 
  i did look !, 
  that 's why i 'm so angry , had i seen a car , i would have waited for her to stop and then crossed the road . 
  but when i looked , no cars were around , she came from behind a corner speeding !, 
  i know , people are so careless . 
  it 's a small side street with very little traffic next to a park . 
  i hope she does n't hurt anybody !, 
  thank you !, 
  she was speeding , way above the limit in the city , she should have slowed down before turning at least . 
  i was really surprised that she did n't even react , she seemed mildly annoyed . 
  it scares me , how can somebody have so little empathy ? 
  how little people care ... 
  i hope he recovers !, 
  people who drive away after hurting somebody are total scum !, 
  the isl has n't taken russians since, 
  you most certainly can remain vegan . 
  with a van you are tied to it , you pay insurance for it , it gets cold in winter . 
  technical issues ... 
  more stability but less freedom . 
  i 'm tall , have awesome hair , perfect teeth but i get horrible headaches and low blood pressure . 
  that 's true , but you have to return every x years to the country it is registered in for check ups , you have to sell it in that country too , you will lose a lot of money when selling it . 
  also in a van you have a lot of stuff , just to be able to live there you need cooking stuff for example . 
  also you have to take showers somewhere else , same with toilets and a lot of other stuff , depending on how equipped your van is . 
  the more you customize it , the smaller the pool of people willing to buy it . 
  with just one bag , you can travel , you can get rides for free , you can couchsurf and stay with people for free . 
  you can move much quicker , you do n't pay for gas . 
  sometimes you can take the plane and be in a different country for the fraction of the cost of driving there . 
  like 20eu and you are in spain , when it would cost so much more to drive there . 
  ( i 'm not bashing vandvelling , we have a van , i 've travelled in it , i 'm just outlining the difficulties  ), 
  they are both good options , as you said , it 's about what suits you more  ), 
  i do n't , i 'm not stupid ( and dead ), 
  i bet he loves running !, 
  my pointer/rottie mix loves it more that i do , 
  buy a net at your local textile store , make a banana shape out of it , sew it together , boom - there you go , 
  awesome . 
  i think that with the new mana subreddit it 'll get more out there !, 
  as for the place , what about globe , it 's expat friendly  ), 
  awesome, 
  good luck everybody !, 
  english for sure . 
  taxi wo n't have a baby seat unless you ask for one when calling dispatch . 
  google does n't let you :(, 
  i deleted an account i wanted to delete without remembering that it was my ingress account , totally my stupidity, 
  :( it 's totally my fault , but at least i get to start again, 
  thank you , i did try to use gender neutral pronouns , i might have slipped up as it was the third take ( mic gave out ) , so i added a little disclaimer in the description . 
  like any other relationship unfortunately , most of the time you can see the red flags very early on , but sometimes people are extremely good at hiding their true nature in the early ` romantic pursuit ' . 
  a lot of people ignore their instincts telling them to run , think that the abuser will magically change and so on . 
  that 's true , unfortunately that was my experience and now my friend is sucked into an awful situation . 
  a lot of the time people think ` it 's none of my business , she/he is a grown up and can deal , but it 's like boiling a frog ( that 's in love with the one boiling it ) , it 's gradual , there is love and denial . 
  people wake up as their partner is coming at them with a knife and by then it 's late . 
  i do n't understand koristajut , but otherwise i understand it . 
  ( i speak czech and russian ) . 
  it 's nice but not really needed i 'd say . 
  you wo n't get drug tested , the doctor will ask about your health , look at your medical history and maybe if they feel like it test your vision . 
  it 's about paperwork and insurance , chill , 
  thank you , this is very useful , 
  check happycow.net , moment is a great vegan cafe , so is momo, 
  if i lived in the us i 'd go in a heartbeat !, 
  have fun !, 
  it 's mostly about messy divorces and bad relationships and how it affects kids . 
  also shitty parenting . 
  i need someone have them at their place for the whole 8 days .
