  there is an issue there ... 
  i invest a lot of time into the animals i live with , it makes it much more pleasant to co-exist . 
  i potty trained our rats for example , it 's just patience and time . 
  jan nov\u00e1k ( and now nguyen because of the vietnamese community ), 
  that phase lasts only like 2 weeks , when they are very young . 
  later on 3/4x a day is enough . 
  that 's sad man . 
  yup , first row on dvorak is '' , . pyfgcrl / = ', 
  dvorak is awesome , i 've been using it for a while now, 
  and third is ' < ; qjkxbmwvz ', 
  i 've had several wolfhounds , his face does n't look like a wolfhound , his coloring would be different , even if he 's a mix . 
  luna mono , i have them and they are amazing . 
  luna mono sandals, 
  i love luna mono sandals . 
  i 'd recommend getting luna sandals , i saw ulysses and lunas side by side , and i 'm telling you it 's worth it . 
  lunas are adjustable , higher quality , the price difference is not that big . 
  maybe he went too deep ? 
  i have a tattoo and the guy went too deep on one side , and now it 's still convex , like if i go over it , i can feel the part standing out . 
  he 's a licensed tattoo artist , yet he fucked up a simple line . 
  awesome , i think the eu side will be okay , i 'm worried about the russian security , there were a few bombs detonated in russian airports over the last few years , i guess that they might be more strict . 
  i just hope they let me be thinking ` stupid europeans and their special-snowflake bullshit ' . 
  yeah , i hope they leave it be , i really do n't want to spend much time at the russian airport , it 's not a nice place to be , i hope they do n't take hours to verify that it 's okay . 
  i like it !, 
  you inspired me to start drawing again !, 
  i do that , do n't be a pussy . 
  cold water wo n't kill you . 
  dvorak power !, 
  i will !, 
  i used to be pretty good as a kid , i went to art school and all , i even was in the older-kids class . 
  then i hit a plateau , i was frustrated and angry , stopped drawing . 
  now i 'm trying to get over it . 
  it 's a gap between taste and what you can actually do . 
  now i 'll be afk for 2 weeks and i made a promise to myself to start again . 
  there are stupid people in all groups , some brands of vaseline are tested on animals , that 's why they are not vegan , not because of ` dead dinosaurs ', 
  eyelashes make you super cute and sexy !, 
  last year i saw them making people from kazachstan run up the stairs , they shouted at them and had guns and batons , like 500 people with luggage , they put them in a big room with no toilets and no water , and let them wait for hours in summer ... 
  the workers there are pretty mean , i saw them lose a kid , like those kids that fly alone and a stewardess has to take them everywhere and the parents pay for that , well in russia they just left the kid when the plane landed , the kid was like 15 and had to find his connecting flight alone and got screamed on by the ladies there . 
  he did n't speak russian ... 
  i have so many horror stories from moscow airports ... 
  call the police on him !, 
  they might not do anything , but you 'll have it on record that he 's doing this , call the police every time he stalks you or harasses you, 
  it could save their lives, 
  a friend had the same problem , the bastard lied about the dog attacking him , he tried to shoot the dog , they had to fight to keep their dog alive ... people are cunts, 
  do n't let them do this to you , maybe contact the authorities and child services , have him stripped of his parental rights if you can . 
  good luck & stay strong, 
  file a report anyway , it 'll be evidence in case something happens , it 'll prove that this was going on, 
  if they lie and make something up , you 'll be able to fight it if you have a written report, 
  you should message this to [ u/dcopperfield ] ( http://www.reddit.com/user/dcopperfield ) , 
  im in moscow now , the plane fell down while i was in the air , we changed the route because of it , the news here are different from the eu, 
  thats enough horror for me right now, 
  yes , that would be fun . 
  you are joking , right ? 
  you are talking about prisons ... tracking system , locking them up , separating from the rest of the population ? 
  not letting them leave ? 
  that is awful and i hope that never happens, 
  i hope you are okay now, 
  if they can not leave then it is a prison pretty much, 
  i suggest you go ask a homeless person what they think about this . 
  maybe i should lock you up too ? 
  the world is a dangerous place after all ... 
  damn , thats a good one !, 
  thats pure gold, 
  that is stupid , people are dying because they can not get an asylum ... 
  im just saying that you are giving up something very precious , because you dont see the value of it , like a spoiled child, 
  double peace !, 
  you are handsome !, 
  good luck < 3, 
  i have a duct tape wallet , it 's bright orange , durable and light & thin , also mostly waterproof ( survives rain ), 
  it cost like 2 $ in material , there are card slots and all that, 
  * lose , 
  your story is very positive !, 
  awesome , 
  get a menstrual cup , if you get stuck somewhere , you wo n't run out of tampons/pads , 
  ( i 'm a gal too , they are easy to use , to clean them you use hot water ), 
  tampons as a new currency !, 
  yup , cups are not for everybody , some women do n't like them , some love them . 
  people should just know that they are an option !, 
  the breed started developing in czechoslovakia , later on the two countries separated , but the breed is czech & slovak, 
  source : i 'm czech , a friend has a czechoslovakian wolfdog , they are difficult at first but very smart and loyal . 
  czechoslovakian wolfdogs are more dog , they do have some wolf behavior tho , like their young eat their own shit until they are adults pretty much . 
  they do bark & howl . 
  they like to choose a human and always be with them . 
  they are pretty active . 
  ( i 'm czech ), 
  i 'd say a drunk uncle ? 
  yes !, 
  and you save so much money !, 
  all those boxes of tampons and pads ? 
  it adds up ... 
  and it generates so much waste , all that plastic ... 
  make one , mine cost me less than 5 $ . 
  [ imgur ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ducndoy.jpg?1 ) it ai n't a looker , but it does what it 's supposed to do, 
  ( i used a sewing machine , one end is closed , and you tie the other end , i 'm gon na add a zipper later ), 
  it was windy , there is some space under the hammock , even when i 'm in it , there 's like 30cm between the hammock and the net . 
  sure , i 'll lend you a spork if you 'll need one when the apocalypse comes !, 
  damn , you look great now , you are very handsome !, 
  you can in water !, 
  you ca n't die only on land !, 
  as a vegan i 'm so happy that plant-based milk is an option in cafes , it used to suck , you had to bring your own plant based milk, 
  in some major chains it 's free !,
