  a guy is trying to make a product that 's insanely cool and relevant to asmr and you go out of your way to bash him . 
  all your favorite objects that you own are products actually made by people who care . 
  i wear lunas , i love minimalistic sandals . 
  how long did they last ? 
  they are expensive , yes , :(, 
  i chose to buy them instead of like 3 pairs of normal shoes , i hope i made the right decision . 
  kubuntu !, 
  i have the luna mono , so the straps are already there , i prefer not having to tie them , i can adjust them and all . 
  i just walk or hike in them , so it should n't be a problem . 
  the only downside is that they are not really elegant . 
  but most girly elegant sandals are uncomfortable as hell and last just a few months before they fall apart . 
  they make my feel look bigger and wider , that 's not really a good look . 
  i hope that one day people will say fuck it and just accept comfortable shoes as an option for females ... 
  how is it okay/sfw/accepted to walk around on 7 '' heels and nobody says a word , but the moment you wear ugly comfortable shoes people judge the fuck out of you ? 
  yeah , the only issue is other women usually , older ones mostly . 
  and i 'm way too polite to tell them to go away . 
  or creepy men who want to ` make a lady out of me ' . 
  maybe i have a special kind of a face that says ` educate me please ' . 
  oh the joys of public transport . 
  i dress pretty minimally , mostly black and grey , plain tshirts and black skinny jeans . 
  i do n't wear make up much either . 
  i really do n't care , i 'm too tired in the morning to care . 
  that 's true , op should always openly say that it 's his product ... 
  you need to complete surveys to enter , they are trying to use us to fill in surveys ... 
  what about veganism ? 
  is n't that a more ethical way ? 
  when somebody is way smarter than me . 
  it makes me frustrated and sad . 
  i know that it 's petty but i just ca n't help it . 
  what is that certificate for ? 
  what does it mean ? 
  thanks, 
  same for me , i 'm a girl too , and most people are way too needy for me , i need time alone . 
  and i really do n't want to hear anything about marriage and kids . 
  no , thanks . 
  men are crazy too . 
  people are crazy . 
  you are being downvoted because you post low quality content . 
  i always used to be the smarter one , now i 'm confronted with people smarter than me , it 's ruining my self esteem . 
  i need to take a ride in the public transport or go to a supermarket to feel better . 
  i 'm terrified of not being smart enough . 
  height is cm in metric , centimeters . 
  litres are l. ( 5l of water ), 
  litres measure volume , not distance . 
  i do n't know what he expected ... bitching about reddit on reddit ... 
  half of reddit wo n't get called out on it , this guy used his position as a former employee to talk shit  ), 
  you should take pictures and post them !, 
  please employ me !, 
  i hate inaccurate porn titles !, 
  tell us more !, 
  please ? 
  snitch . 
  you were a snitch . 
  happy birthday from prague !, 
  did you sterilize it ? 
  or wash it at least ? 
  if not then you could easily get an infection . 
  have children . 
  animals suffer . 
  the meat you eat comes from animals that wanted to live as much as you do . 
  they were imprisoned all their lives for just a moment of your pleasure . 
  yeah , let 's abuse a camel , sound like fun ... / s, 
  breaking the spirit of an wild animal and ` training ' it is animal abuse, 
  how do you sleep at night ? 
  what a cutie !, 
  rescued dogs will love you forever !, 
  lovely !, 
  lots of hard work and determination , 
  get her spayed and vaccinated !, 
  you could do a little fund-raiser in your school to cover the expenses, 
  i ca n't get most of these things without paying loads of money for shipping from different countries ... : /, 
  this is gon na be hard . 
  i can get tofu easily , seitan and tempeh are a bit harder but possible . 
  ( tofu in a block , seitan and tempeh in the basic form , no fancy meat-like products unfortunately ), 
  vegan protein i can buy here is way too expensive for me . 
  i 'm a student with very limited funds . 
  i can get soy milk , at like $ 2 per litre . 
  as for the bread , i can get the healthy kind , but i ca n't afford much of it , like a pack per week maybe . 
  also veggies are not that cheap here , exotic veggies like avocados are expensive and awful quality . 
  i can get the basics , potatoes , tomatoes , carrots , frozen spinach and stuff like that . 
  i guess i wo n't be able to do this properly . 
  i would love to , but i 'm not sure that i could pull it off without hurting myself . 
  thanks , i will look around the big supermarket tomorrow to see what exactly i can get . 
  i eat pretty well , scrambled tofu , lots of veggies , couscous , beans , fruit , smoothies . 
  no soda , no sweets , no fast food , not much bread/pasta/potatoes . 
  i 'm do n't look fat ( people call me slim or normal ) , i 'm kinda skinny-fat , but my body fat is like 29 % , that 's way too high . 
  i want to lose weight , i started running a lot , i walk a lot , i drink tons of water and go up 4 flights of stairs a few times per day . 
  i 've always see diet tips that say to do those things , but i do all that and my weight is the same . 
  i hope running will help . 
  i 'm a girl , so i 'm not sure if lifting is the way to go , i 'm tall and i do n't want muscles , it would make me look intimidating . 
  i 'm more into running and stretching , maybe poweryoga and bodyweight exercises ? 
  how do i start ? 
  you have to go to the gym straight away and just lift ? 
  or do you work up to it ? 
  will it help me lose weight ? 
  thanks !, 
  i 'm totally new to all this , so i have stupid questions , sorry and thanks for your patience !, 
  lidick\u00e1 has a working clothes shop , they might have a yellow jumpsuit . 
  or just order a disposable one from the internet maybe ? 
  you 'll be fine , just dress warm .
