  no means no . 
  do you think murder victims are asking to be murdered too ? 
  your logic is awful , victim-blaming is a shitty thing to do . 
  i could walk around naked ( perfectly legal in some cities ) and nobody would have the right to touch me against my will . 
  if you can not control your urges , then you do n't belong in this society . 
  i 'd say that it 's a confidence & self-worth issue, 
  you looked kinda good, 
  not really an item but look up your country 's embassies in each country , write down the address and phone number , if something happens , contact your embassy . 
  also get euros before your trip , exchanging money at tourist places/airports is not something you wan na do , they might screw you over . 
  also if you plan to use a taxi , look up some companies beforehand and read the reviews , some of them love to fuck over foreigners . 
  recruit . 
  edit out the currency , that tells people what country that was . 
  and good call on not talking to him , just block the hell out of all his accounts . 
  thanks !, 
  i will bring you keys from prague , i do n't have that many , but i can spare 100 . 
  wait so 90 rubles will get me internet for a day ? 
  that 's not so bad . 
  i wo n't be walking around alone much , i 'll play when i 'm outside going somewhere with somebody . 
  if you are a resistance player in moscow , message me your usernames , i might hit you up when i 'm there !, 
   ) i 'm l8 atm . 
  damn yeah !, 
  prague is one of those cities where any building in the center can be a portal because it 's old and has history . 
  i love it here . 
  it would be cool to do a keyswap subreddit where you could say where you are traveling and what keys you can trade . 
  that would be fun , also the locals could help you out with service providers/cool places . 
  who cares ? 
  you 'll get to level 8 + in no time if you start organizing stuff and being active, 
  warm water is good for growth , it makes your hair grow faster . 
  ( not too hot or you 'll damage your hair ) cold water is better for colored hair , it makes the color last longer . 
  awesome !, 
  will do !, 
  thanks, 
  [ ingress key swap ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/ingresskeyswap/ ) i just made this !, 
  lady  i hope it catches on , 
  well maybe in the usa ... 
  here in europe it 's not so easy , different countries with different languages and all , plus it 's a bitch to look up all the countries and cities i 'll be passing through when i go from spain to let 's say lithuania . 
  i 'll add ` worldwide ' to let the americans know that it 's not usa-only , 
  if you do leash him , do it with a harness , not a collar . 
  if anything happens , there is less chance of him suffocating accidentally . 
  knife is not any good for protection , pepper spray might be an issue at the border/airport, 
  oh my god that 's brilliant !, 
  prague here , i 'm actually pretty happy with the community here , there 's always something going on , hangouts and meetups and all that . 
  i do have a sewing machine , but the material would be tricky , i 'd have to buy it locally . 
  what material did you use ? 
  could you post a picture ? 
  thanks, 
  is that nylon or polyester ? 
  is there any difference between the materials ? 
  like the gram measurement thing ? 
  ( not my first language sorry ) i think i 'll buy an even cheaper one , without a bug net , and then maybe make a second one i guess, 
  yeah , the point of this is not to be used in english speaking countries , imagine you are travelling to uzbekistan from denmark ... 
  i get that usa/canada is easy to do , there are communities easily available . 
  also with this you could plan forward . 
  yeah , i 'm female and i 'd not be happy about that . 
  take them out of the frames , sell/reuse the frames . 
  roll up the posters , put an ad online that you are giving them away for free and wait for a 13yo boy be very happy . 
  i 'm not expecting a huge success , but we will see . 
  i 'd go home with you too , that 's an awesome pick up line . 
  google ` rope hammock how to make ', 
  recommended is 21 i 'd say , but i guess that if you do n't go extreme it 'll be fine , do the siesta maybe ? 
  candles burning while you are asleep is not a good idea ... 
  nearly all of berlin is very lgbtqia friendly , have fun !, 
  i got uneasy just watching that ... that 's awesome !, 
  you could look into amazonas or mfh , mfh is german and affordable . 
  where are you from ? 
  i got a mfh hammock for 25 $ , amazonas with a bug net goes for around 50 $ , without a beg net even cheaper . 
  imagine if something happens and you 'll have to pay another 40 $ to ship it back to the states ... 
  i 'm from prague . 
  please do not shout/talk loudly on the street , especially at night or in closed spaces . 
  just do n't speak louder than the locals . 
  try joining sites that are relevant to your interests and hobbies . 
  or just talking to girls/guys . 
  also http://libimseti.cz/ is one of the most well known ones . 
  as a czech girl from prague , do n't treat czech women like they are stupid because their english is bad , do n't constantly complain and compare everything to your country . 
  do n't see women as just ` pretty czech girls ' , see them like equal partners . 
  mil-tec , good durable affordable military style bags . 
  i 've had a few , all took a decent amount of abuse and torture very gracefully and served me well . 
  my mfh was 25 $ , amazonas are more expensive , look for amazonas moskito hammock and amazonas ( easy ) traveller , those are the cheapest ones . 
  the mfh hammock is awesome , it 's cheaper partly because there is little to no branding and marketing involved , but i 'm perfectly happy with it, 
  that theme is a tumblr theme , just get a tumblr and use the same theme ? 
  ` omg the czechs are so grumpy , in my country everybody smiles and rainbows come out of their mouth ' 10x times a day, 
  ' x could never happen in my country , my country is so much better ', 
  that 's a no-no , yet i see guys saying that over and over in different wording and then wondering why locals get pissed after a while, 
  around september there should be a new product available , it 's based in the czech republic , it 's just like soylent , it 's called mana , you might look into it later on , the shipping would be better than from usa, 
  good luck !, 
  also do n't forget waterproof bags , you want to have waterproof bags for the important stuff . 
  shoot me a message , i 'll let you know when it 's ready . 
  i 'm on the team , so far it looks like it 's gon na work out beautifully , there will be a rice protein version too, 
  do n't keep stuff on the ground , even if it 's not raining , it will get damp , all your gear should be in the air and the stuff you want to keep dry in dry-bags . 
  i 'd say get/make a cheap small hammock for your gear and set it up under your main hammock, 
  also adding a bug net to protect your stuff from insects is a good idea , especially with ants and food . 
  you really do n't want larvae in your things and other nasty forest bugs . 
  you are gon na be there for a long time , so you need to be careful . 
  i do n't know about the other stuff they make , but mfh makes an awesome hammock , light and durable . 
  is in an apartment ? 
  threaten to call animal services on her , a dog should not be left alone 18h per day , that is animal abuse pretty much ... tell her to hire a dog-sitter or a dog-walker . 
  depends on where you are from, 
  ( and how drunk the czechs are :d ), 
  report her to the authorities , that 's animal abuse and a health hazard, 
  do an ama , you sound like an incredibly strong person , much love !,
