  people have nowhere to live , nothing to eat . 
  congrats on your vacation house ... 
  the same one ? 
  how is it ? 
  it looks fun ? 
  what exactly does it do ? 
  could you please elaborate ? 
  link to the product ? 
  split the core ? 
  split it , give yourself an half an hour , make some lemonade , watch a few videos , go back to sleep . 
   ) it 's hot here too . 
  just, 
  can you recommend any vegan restaurants in moscow ? 
  whenever i 'm in russia i usually have a hard time , i always end up eating just veggies and blatantly obvious vegan food . 
  a lot of people do n't even know what veganism is , or how it 's different from vegetarianism . 
  i speak russian , i always ask , but usually they are n't sure/don ' t care much . 
  thanks and sorry for throwing random questions at you  ), 
  i would !, 
  yeah , well i tried that , ended up with animal products in my food 6/10 times ... a few times i had people put animal products in my food intentionally out of ` concern ' for my health and lie about it . 
  `` watch your food , be straight , watch you accent , no politics '' is playing on repeat in my head when i 'm in russia :d, 
  ah well i guess it was naive of me to own up to veganism and ethics . 
  thanks for the advice , 
  i downgraded to a dumbphone , could n't be happier , i have so much more time now . 
  do n't miss my galaxy note a bit . 
  i wanted to buy it , but the cost is just a joke . 
  the materials are just not worth it . 
  i might get xero shoes or something similar , with overpriced products like these it feels like they are laughing in my face . 
  it 's just ridiculous . 
  i bought similar rubber and reused some leather i had and made my own huarache sandals for 10 $ max . 
  took me about an hour ... 
  did he lick your face ? 
  looks good , i prefer simple parker pens though , i like my pens slim . 
  how did his saliva taste ? 
  did you lick him from the inside ? 
  eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee eee !, 
  our lord eeeeee, 
  ohh , was it dry inside of him then ? 
  what color was he on the inside ? 
  how did you get out ? 
  no , now i have 29 hours in a day ... / ^ s, 
  remove human greed and sense of superiority, 
  i love it !, 
  does it have a meaning for you , or is it just for aesthetics ? 
  good ideas , but i 'm not sure about the shades of colors you used , but that might be just my taste, 
  do you not have a back up ? 
  true , i might make a complete version later on, 
  the shades seem just a little off , the red in the first one , the colors in the last one . 
  just a little . 
  on a normal screen it might not be that visible , but on a better screen it is . 
  but maybe it 's just me . 
  play around with the shades , maybe use a color palette ? 
  700 sq f , 2 humans , 4 animals , ( 3 fancy rats and a dog ) , i use only one room , ( plus shared bathroom and kitchen ), 
  i like mil-tec bags , they are durable and practical, 
  \u00a1 \u00a1 \u00a1 doom, 
  the aluminium is going to slowly cut the rubber band and it 's gon na fall apart after a few months, 
  i 'm vegan , so i 'm happy that xero shoes are leather-free . 
  nalgene 32oz wide mouth . 
  indestructible , fairly easy to clean , leakproof . 
  do you really * need * the pillow tho ? 
  tell him you can sell the stuff and give him the money . 
  i bet he 'll take 10 bucks instead of 3 cake spatulas . 
  that 's awesome !, 
  i use my phone , i put it on the ground , i do n't have a bed frame so it 's pretty comfortable . 
  i take free stuff and sell it on the internet . 
  it 's easy money i can spend on myself later on . 
  a bike , public transport . 
  how about kubuntu ? 
  it has a nicer look , more customization options , other than that it 's the same thing . 
  i guess you are right , i started with ubuntu and felt a little suffocated by the design and lack of options really . 
  but i guess it is beginner friendly , and they can move on later on when they feel comfortable . 
  ( i personally like kde , i must admit that it has some issues , but the feel of it is glorious . ), 
  i 'm mostly biphasic + irregular naps when i 'm tired . 
  i sleep a lot . 
  i have a dog , i have no issues with having to walk him , it helps me stay fit , i take him nearly everywhere i go . 
  i 'm really happy i have him , i walk a lot at night , and he keeps me safe . 
  he keeps me from having to deal with drunk men that try to hit on me and make me feel unsafe at night , he keeps the junkies away , without him i would n't be able to walk at night . 
  also he helps me a lot when i have to deal with repairmen/buyers and all that , i do n't feel comfortable letting strangers inside my home when i do n't have him there . 
  he 's a big black dog and he 's pretty protective of me . 
  i have anxiety issues and he makes me feel safe . 
  on the street if somebody approaches me and i feel unsafe , he senses it and makes it clear to stay away , which happens a lot with homeless people and junkies . 
  also people are more likely to respect my space and not touch me without my permission when i have my dog close . 
  he 's from a local shelter . 
  he has his issues , i have mine , we are a perfect fit . 
  tl ; dr my dog keeps me safe in unsafe situations and protects me, 
  in the czech republic it 's 14 too . 
  do n't , it 's not recommended for minors , it * could * damage your brain , there are no studies on minors . 
  ( but try biphasic maybe ? ), 
  you are growing , developing , you * need * to sleep so you develop well , get as much sleep as you can is what i 'd say . 
  it might cause damage , you do n't want to gamble with your development . 
  come to prague , it 's lovely here, 
  awesome , there is a lot of cool stuff here . 
  prague is like berlin but prettier  lots of old stuff , superb cafes and parks, 
  hot is better for cleaning and washing your hair , ( warm water is better for your hair ) , i start with hot water and then at the end move on to cold , that 's the russian way , 
  it 's not the females job to cover herself up so you do n't get turned on , it 's your job to control yourself . 
  i 'm so sick of some men blaming women for their lack of self control . 
  i 'm not saying that that 's what op is saying , but it has a hint of blame in it . 
  i 'm a female and i can dress however i please , without worrying about males , i like girls too and this is ridiculous , when males feel entitled to make girls cover themselves up . 
  a lot of girls like to look at men , and nobody complains that their muscles are distracting or feel that men should cover themselves up . 
  good luck with your journey op !, 
  fuck you u/jamesbondhadit ( now [ deleted ] ) , i can wear whatever i like , even if some guy thinks i 'm ` giving him signs ' that is not consent , he has no right to touch me against my will .
