  how much you 'd walk him would be up to you . 
  i walk him in the morning for like 20min , evening for a long walk , night to pee . 
  very much so !, 
  ( also i 'm looking for dogsitting later in august too ), 
  thanks !, 
  does she have a dog ? 
  mine does n't like males and i 'd be afraid to put him with smaller dogs of any gender . 
  he 's a total sweetie to people . 
  oh okay , let me know if she 's interested and we can see if it would work out with the dogs , 
  i 'm looking for someone in the range of 1500-2000 ( the less the better , kinda broke student ) , it would be best if i could repay them by looking ofter their dog later on , like mutual dogsitting . 
  doginni.cz takes a pretty decent cut , i 'd rather find someone directly . 
  ( also it usually takes the ` hosts ' days to even answer , and i do n't have that time ) , but thanks for the suggestion . 
  i like the concept but their minimum price is 300/day , because they need it to be high enough to take a cut out of it . 
  in august probably 6-11th , ( it would be best if i found someone to take him for 30.7-11 .8 for more money ) , then 17-20th . 
  and then a couple of days between the 20th and 30th , not sure exactly when . 
  all of the travel is either ` you have to ' family stuff or work , so it 's not up to me much : /, 
  i can send you pics of the dog if you like . 
  hi , just read it , sorry i was out of reach . 
  does she have whatsapp ? 
  i only have a czech data plan . 
  i can call from my roommates phone if not, 
  thank you !, 
  if she does , my whatsapp is 00420 774\u00a0253\u00a0794, 
  thanks i 'll check it out !, 
  i 'm mystic too !, 
  level 13 but going up , 
  i 'll be leaving for a bit but i 'll be back soon enough , i 'll message you , 
  i made a video about aabusive relationships and the red flags , it 's so important know what to look out for, 
  you 'll look amazing , just keep on going and lifting , 
  spend more time outside and you 'll get a tan , that makes people look a bit slimmer . 
  buses or try blablacar , maybe hitchhiking , 
  it would be best if you found someone who speaks czech to deal with the real estate agent . 
  they tend to rip off foreigners . 
  good luck, 
  as i wrote in a different thread , it 's best to find a local to go along with you , they try to inflate prices for foreigners sometimes . 
  depending on when you 'll be looking , i can help for free , i translate professionally . 
  i like looking at pretty places and have helped several friends with this thing . 
  i know that one , it looks very genuine and lovely . 
  not a cold commercial place . 
  i did , sorry for the late reply , dogsitting is always a struggle as i tend to get last min work trips and then i have to find someone quick, 
  oh yeah , i pass by sometimes by reload , it looks fun although a lot of the time most of the guests are 11-16yo, 
  sure , any czech person would do , but if you do n't have anyone else then shoot me a message, 
  concealer for under the eyes !, 
  do lower body exercises , wear a corset , do n't work on your arms . 
  go for a fit but slim look . 
  they do work , they squish your insides a bit so read up on it before you do it, 
  [ porter heat backpack ] ( http://www.yoshidakaban.com/product/101317.html?p=s&amp;p_itemtype=05&amp;p_itemsubtype=09&amp;p_color=01&amp;p_lisize=30&amp;p_lisort= ), 
  i 've had it for a while , it 's minimalistic in design , quality is incredible . 
  does n't have a ton of pockets but i prefer it , i use packing cubes for everything . 
  i do n't have a printer , maybe i can borrow one for tomorrow and then print one out and give it to her, 
  thanks but i borrowed it yesterday night already , 
  thank you , i ca n't make it in hk , but i will be in shenzhen and they have toni and guy too , do you think they can do european hair ? 
  i 'm not sure because it 's a franchise business so it may differ by location . 
  thanks, 
  i do n't know what the pc term is . 
  i 'm slavic/white/whatever . 
  i think i 'll wait and do it when i get back to europe . 
  thank you though, 
  i do n't know what the pc term is . 
  i 'm slavic/white/whatever . 
  i think i 'll wait and do it when i get back to europe . 
  thank you though, 
  i 'm thinking of going to the technological street , maybe take some photos around the area . 
  i 'm staying at sea world , i 'll be free till 10pm or so , 
  has anyone tried mana ? 
  how do you like it ? 
  i was walking home with my dog , i was like a few feet into the pedestrian crossing and a big shiny expensive 4x4 nearly ran into me . 
  she was going full speed , just cut a corner . 
  she managed to brake , i jumped back pulling my dog with me , nearly fell over . 
  had i not reacted , i would have been under her car . 
  my legs would be shattered , my dog injured or dead . 
  the lady was 75 + easily , she did n't even get out , she just made an annoyed face . 
  as i was pulling myself together and making sure my dog was okay , ( i yanked at his leash pretty hard to get him out of the way , but he was okay , just shaken up a bit ) , i saw her pull up to a building and waiting for the garage door to open . 
  i was really pissed , so i walked over , her window was down . 
  i shouted at her how she could have killed us , how i was on a pedestrian crossing , how she was speeding ... 
  she did n't care at all , did n't say sorry , she just said that it was dark . 
  my jacket has reflex strips and my dog 's leash too . 
  i was n't wearing dark colors and it was in the middle of a city . 
  how in the world is it okay for her to drive if she ca n't see ? 
  why are n't the elderly required to go for yearly check ups after 75 ? 
  hi , i 'm looking to get fitter , i have a membership at factory pro ( merged with holmes place ) , smichovske nadrazi . 
  i 'm time flexible , female , 20s , i do boxing , self defense and hiking . 
  i 'm interested in starting weight training , body weight fitness , c25k . 
  you do n't have to be any good , we can figure stuff out together . 
  i was lol 10 on ingress , a few weeks ago i deleted my gmail , without remembering that it was the account i had ingress on . 
  is it possible to get the username transferred to my other email ? 
  i miss playing !, 
  thanks  ), 
  i 'm looking for someone to watch my dog this thurs-fri , he 's a pointer , ( the size of a labrador but slimmer ) , he pulls on the leash but it 's way better with a ` halti ' , i 'd give you food and everything he needs . 
  i can bring him to you via public transport and someone will pick him up on friday . 
  he does n't like male dogs , otherwise he 's a sweetie , loves humans . 
  he is after his vaccinations , so he should n't exercise much ( short walks ) . 
  500kc for your troubles ? 
  i 'm looking for a dogsitter , 30.7-6 .8 for 1500kc or maybe more depending . 
  the dog is a black pointer . 
  my original sitter backed out and i 'm pretty much out of options . 
  thank you !, 
  i 'm around the kampa area and i 'd be happy if i found someone to play with . 
  i 've been playing ingress for a long time , just downloaded pokemon go . 
  it 's my friend 's bday tomorrow and we are having a picnic , it 's her favorite game and we ca n't find it anywhere .
