  2 ) take care of your eyebrows, 
  3 ) style your hair a bit , and i do n't mean putting product into it , just brush it and make not get into your face too much, 
  4 ) learn how to pose in pictures , do n't look directly into the lens, 
  otherwise i 'd say you are attractive and you 'll only get better with age , wait a bit before growing out a beard . 
  if you wear glasses , make the frame thick , like hipster glasses , not wire thin early 2000s glasses, 
  1 ) wax/pluck your eyebrows ( do not shave , that 'll make it only worse , seriously , do n't ), 
  2 ) get a bit shorter haircut, 
  3 ) stop doing the forced smile + raised eyebrows, 
  4 ) the weird elbow pose , i guess you are trying to accentuate your biceps ? 
  do n't do that , start lifting , that 'll help you with confidence and take your mind off of the breakup, 
  1 ) get a haircut , maybe use henna and just dye it a bit more vibrant brown , it 'll make your hair look less mousey and brown-gray without damaging it, 
  2 ) lose some weight, 
  3 ) get new glasses , plastic frame , i 'd recommend something not that dark , maybe tortoise shell color . 
  4 ) learn how to take pictures , no forehead pictures , no sideways , try simple basic stuff , find your angles, 
  if you do all that , then you 'll look much better , you are n't ugly , you just need to bring out your good features . 
  do n't take pictures facing up , that 's not a flattering angle , try moisturizing creams and other products to get the ` bruising ' around your eyes to fade a bit . 
  you could get your eyebrows shaped , but that 's not really necessary . 
  maybe try hitting the gym a bit to see if it 'll widen your face and neck a bit ? 
  think about your facial hair , do n't go for beards or moustaches , otherwise try to experiment and find your style . 
  you are pretty good looking , nothing much to fix here  ), 
  read other people 's suggestions , i 'll just add that you can make look yourself better by taking better pictures !, 
  1 ) take pictures with other people , show how tall you are , show that you are n't fat ( you are n't fat , but if you only show your face , people might think that , you have a round face ), 
  2 ) find your angles, 
  3 ) try different glasses, 
  4 ) try taking pictures with more classy clothes on in classier settings , go for the young professional look ( it 'll be like saying ` hey i 'm an adult i swear , see ? ', 
  but it can help on a dating profile ), 
  good luck  ), 
  try a different hair color , light brown would look good . 
  do that and then get your eyebrows done to match your new hair color . 
  that should help your face a lot . 
  it 'll bring out your eyes . 
  do n't shave your head . 
  also consider the earrings/gauges . 
  1 ) shave all your facial hair , always be clean shaven, 
  2 ) get a haircut, 
  3 ) new glasses , try a non metal frame , more hipster/modern looking, 
  4 ) head over to / r/malefashionadvice and reconsider your style, 
  5 ) get active , hit the gym, 
  6 ) wait , you 'll get better looking with age , i swear , puberty does wonders, 
  you look attractive , you look happy and like you have your life sorted out , really . 
  the only thing is stray eyebrow hairs as / u/cutoffjeanshorts said . 
  your hair will look great even with silver hairs in it . 
  you are attractive and you 'll look good well into your 70s you lucky bastard :d, 
  you look female , lose some weight and the glasses . 
  ( if you are before hormones , lose the weight now , it 'll be much easier and satisfying to see your body change ), 
  you need to fix your posture , fashion choices and posing for pictures . 
  you are good looking , but you need to get better at taking pictures/posing . 
  ( also hit the gym maybe ? ), 
  so much better !!, 
  good luck everybody !, 
  how about bitcoin ? 
  would n't that work ? 
  or is that illegal ? 
  i sent you a dollar in bitcoin !, 
  i hope this becomes a weekly thing , even if it 's not a million . 
  maybe a weekly let 's - send-them-a-dollar thing and a monthly/biannually millionaire ? 
  offer a reward . 
  do something for them . 
  you do n't have to leave your dog and your brother , you can put on your pretty silk dress and your italian boots and go for a walk , look around , see the flowers , the pretty buildings , buy the food you like the most , watch your favorite movie . 
  then go to bed and wake up to a new day , a clean slate , start a new life , do all the things you want to do . 
  just give it a couple more days , fuck everything , just try to truly live . 
  if you feel that you 'd rather be doing something else than postdoc , maybe you should give it a try , take some time off , enjoy your hobbies , travel a bit , meet new people . 
  or just go back to your country and your family . 
  if that 'll make you feel better , then do it . 
  it 's not you , people are complex and all have their issues and their internal warped logic , this does n't mean that you did something wrong or need to change . 
  it seems to me that you are depressed , have you tried talking to a therapist ? 
  depression is a chemical imbalance in your brain , it can make you feel utterly helpless , but you can get help , this is n't your fault . 
  your parents chose to have you , a child , they brought you into this world , they are responsible for you to a degree , you are not to blame for existing . 
  you are not a parasite . 
  we are human , sometimes we make mistakes , do n't let one failure bring you down , you made it 2.5 years , just one time is n't going to erase that . 
  what do you like to do ? 
  if money is not an issue for you , you could use the time you have to help others , if people make you tired and stressed , how about working with animals ? 
  you could get a job at a non-profit , it 'd give some meaning to your life , you could help people/animals . 
  life may be pointless , but you do n't have to waste it . 
  feel free to pm me , i 'd love to talk , you are smart and well spoken . 
  even if you cease to exist , your parents wo n't , at least not for us , the people you leave behind in this world . 
  their pain will be real for us , even if it wo n't be real for you . 
  you are not your opinions , you can change your opinions without losing yourself . 
  you did n't relapse , you made a mistake , a one time thing , if you carry on not self harming , this mistake wo n't matter at all . 
  keep on going , just forget today and go on . 
  first you need to accept yourself , the good and the bad . 
  you do n't have to be , go out on thanksgiving , find a meetup online , go to a church , even if you are n't religious ( i 'm not either , but i go to churches sometimes , it 's a calm and peaceful place , accepting ), 
  just do anything , do n't sit at home alone with your thoughts . 
  even just joining a gym and running till you are dizzy and exhausted is good , you can meet people there . 
  i 'm what you call a ` faggot ' , why does it matter ? 
  you are born with your sexual orientation , you ca n't change it or influence it in any way . 
  why hate people who were born a certain way ? 
  it does n't affect anybody but their partners . 
  have you ever been in love ? 
  if you know any senior citizens in your town and they seem lonely , approach them , ask them to celebrate with you , offer to help them with anything they need . 
  you might make new friends that way , you 'll feel better even if you just try . 
  you hate yourself , you feel hated and excluded by your community because you are gay , so you start hating all the other gay people , it makes you feel better , more included . 
  you need to accept who you are , you need to be objective about what is happening in your head , stop lying to yourself . 
  deep down inside you know all this . 
  i do n't know where you live , but consider getting food stamps and any government aid you can get , look up the statute of limitations in your country . 
  do you have any siblings ? 
  any relatives ? 
  it may be negative for you , that is one thing , but hatting everybody else who is gay , is another . 
  feel free to dislike your sexual orientation , but do n't bash others for it . 
  go to the police , if he abused you , you should tell someone , google women 's rights groups in your area , contact them .
