  ( as in no extra charges , as if it were cow milk ), 
  but yeah sometimes people charge triple the cost ... 
  if i were your gf , and told you this pretty intimate thing about me , and you reacted like this , i 'd be done with you . 
  she did n't tell you sooner because she was probably afraid of your reaction . 
  she waited until she trusted you enough to tell you information which could ruin her image/career . 
  apologize to her , if you ca n't deal with it then leave . 
  that was ukrainian army or the rebels , not russia, 
  it makes me so mad that cow milk is cheaper than soy milk, 
  a living being 's milk is cheaper than plant milk ... 
  ( yeah , yeah , supply & demand , mass production ... 
  i get how it works , but i hope i see the day when plant milk is the norm ! ), 
  here cow milk is 1/3 the cost of plant milk , fucking ridiculous, 
  dude , she 's like 12 ... 
  why would they kill peaceful citizens ? 
  shoot at refugee buses ? 
  leave their soldiers to starve ? 
  use banned chemical bombs ? 
  because they are idiots , both sides , and peaceful citizens end up dead, 
  a huge number of seniors died because they could not get their meds , because they were in a rebel territory and ukraine does n't give a fuck, 
  just look up donetsk , look up the videos of the bombing , look up the phosphorus bomb thing , there are videos of the bombing and aftermath, 
  yeah , they are sending untrained civilians with little equipment and food to fight & kill everything that moves, 
  how is bombing cities and starving out kids and seniors gon na help ? 
  well if she 's not doing it while with him and quit and is std free , then it 's not like it 's affecting him in any way ... 
  or maybe consider that both sides are assholes and civilians are getting hurt, 
  oh and do you really think that usa has no propaganda ? 
  both usa and russia have massive propaganda and misinformation , most of what 's in the news is manipulated in some way, 
  ( i 'm not russian btw ), 
  i know what they are , they get money from the government and the eu . 
  it 's twisted . 
  i have to pay for others to be able to torture & kill animals , and for idiots that smoke & eat like shit to get treated for free . 
  you smoked a pack per day for 20 years while unemployed ? 
  lung cancer ? 
  here 's your free treatment !, 
  and i know that if i get sick in 20 years , i 'll be paying up , and most likely i wo n't even get a pension cuz it 'll be pushed back to fucking 80 . 
  oh and i 'm paying for the state to cut down forests and destroy rivers . 
  taxes are such bs . 
  i 'd be okay with it if i got to choose where the money goes , but then nobody would want to fund the stupid shit that the state does ... 
  how is it to be a male model ? 
  ( also i love your eyes ), 
  you look much younger !, 
  saliva everywhere !, 
  they drool a lot , but they are awesome and adoption is the right choice !, 
  yup , it is, 
  ( i speak russian ), 
  get a vasectomy !, 
  ( and save some sperm in a sperm bank , it 's not expensive and you 'll be in control of your reproduction ), 
  in my country the age of consent is 14 ... 
  ( czech republic in europe ), 
  anna is really cute tho, 
  it 's beautiful !, 
  prague has a lot of awesome places . 
  not alcohol and perfumes, 
  op is amazing , check out his other work !, 
  beautiful painting !, 
  nope , it wouldt , dont ask how i know, 
  also the ice will melt when inside and youll drip water if you stand up, 
  did you go out with them ? 
  which limb did they try to cut off ? 
  ah well , i call that a painting too , it 's still glorious anyway, 
  do n't touch wildlife babies , never , how difficult is that to grasp ?? 
  this is dangerous for the babies , you leave your smell on them , you move them ... 
  do n't try to touch wild animals , not everything is on earth for your entertainment , look with your eyes , you are not a child that must touch everything, 
  yup , i live in prague and i can take my dog to some shops , cafes , trains , buses and pretty much anywhere . 
  there are a lot of dogs in prague , nearly always there are a few dogs on the street, 
  ah well , depends on the animal , human smell on a wild animal is not good either way, 
  that 's not a reason to mess with wildlife, 
  go to a toy store, 
  ohh it was supposed to be mal\u00e1 strana , because then there is malostransk\u00e1, 
  yeah , let 's not , i do n't go around calling london lond\u00fdn or paris pa\u0159\u00ed\u017e either, 
  a huge scarf , not like the wool kind , but more like soft fabric , you can wrap it around you , wear it as a scarf , put it over your head , get a dark one , you can sit on it if you have to sit on the ground, 
  me too , it 's even more rare/not accepted for females, 
  i know it from the 90s in russia . 
  yes !, 
  i 'm in . 
  i do n't count ? 
  la meris, 
  they can be consenting adults , think of 25yo brothers for example . 
  as long as both parties are consenting adults and do n't have kids , then it 's none of our business, 
  good luck to both of you !, 
  so cute :3, 
  i love you . 
  so you give them your name and address ? 
  you can get a paypal , as long as you have a debit card, 
  just lie , they do n't care, 
  was he really vegan ? 
  yay !, 
  awesome !, 
  your friend 's eyelashes are amazing !, 
  nice video too !, 
  wow !, 
  amazing !, 
  you look good !, 
  i can say that !, 
  bet you ca n't say \u0159e\u0159icha !, 
  i 'd say veganism is not the issue here . 
  tiger, 
  because the tiger by william blake is my favorite poem, 
  taking a person 's passport is illegal . 
  so you need an internet connection to record ? 
  or just bluetooth ?
