  vegan or vegetarian ? 
  your answer can be interpreted both ways, 
  i 'd love that !, 
  how are the other cast members of true blood ? 
  how is the nudity ? 
  is it awkward ? 
  sex scenes ? 
  i carry a deodorant , wallet , keys , phone ( for emergencies , it 's a dumbphone ) , alcohol wipes for injections ( they are small , i carry a few in my wallet ) and my nalgene 1l bottle and usually some food and papers for whatever i 'm studying atm, 
  more like abs and arms , the men of true blood are yummy !, 
  prague !, 
  do n't bother with bratislava , there is n't much to see . 
  berlin is awesome for travellers too !, 
  also barcelona is lovely . 
  read up on hitchhiking laws , in some countries it 's illegal and you might get fined . 
  use car-sharing sites , you can go from vienna to bratislava for 20 $ !, 
  buy food only in big supermarkets , it 's much cheaper , and locals love to rip off turists . 
  also do n't bother with taxis , they charge way too much ( and love to change the routes and rates for foreigners , so you pay double nearly ) , use pubic transport . 
  also look up locak community centers and anarchist centers , they usually will welcome you and you might get free food , housing and they can show you the city for free and tell you about interesting stuff !, 
  you might even get a ride !, 
  i 'm female and it really does n't matter . 
  if you need a bedframe to have sex then your sex life must be boring . 
  i love sleeping on the ground , it takes up less space , i can move it around and all . 
  buy it online ? 
  drill hooks into the wall , much more durable , 
  just scan it and save it , takes up no space , easy, 
  if i saw the 2003 you and 2014 you walk side by side , i 'd never say that it 's the same person !, 
  amazing !, 
  you are an inspiration !, 
  no real space , just memory ... 
  you can always fix it before moving out, 
  that looks too good to be here , go to r/veganfoodporn with your fancy yummy looking stuff !, 
  i always take the matress and lean it on the wall , like vertically , so it takes up nearly no space, 
  http://www.onlyonesolutionsite.org/faq/why_not_work_hard_to_make_a_vegan_world.html read this, 
  how did you get hiv and what field were you working in ? 
  just share it on fb but make it visible to only you and then delete it, 
  keep on doing what you are doing !, 
  you are cute :3 is it true that fruits are expensive in japan ? 
  what about other food ? 
  also what about the train pervs ? 
  it 's lovely that you are showing people that having a disability should n't stop you !, 
  awesome !, 
  how do you cope with unhelpful people that try to put you down ? 
  how do you react ? 
  are pets common ? 
  what about big dogs ? 
  how often do you see a dog in the street ? 
  put your guitar on the wall and your sneakers with your other shoes , that 's what i 'd do, 
  you go man !, 
  awesome !, 
  i wish you all the best !, 
  i have to have a lot of shoes , weather goes from +35 to -15 , ( when i travel it 's from +45 to -30 / 40 ) , so i 'd pretty much die without weather appropriate shoes, 
  awww !, 
  that 's so cute !, 
  keep on going , you look lovely !, 
  fuck relationships until you are happy alone and have stuff sorted out in your head, 
  same . 
  you will save yourself a lot of wtf-was-i-thinking-that-person-was-not-my-thing-at-all memories and awkward break ups . 
  you will avoid hurting youself and other people and it will not help you get where you wan na be in your head . 
  true !, 
  so true !, 
  relationships are infinitely better when you do n't * need * them !, 
  you should look at minimalism !, 
  you 'd like it . 
  r/minimalism / have only the stuff you really need , it 's gon na save you huge amounts of money and time and worrying . 
  oh god ... yet another peta fail ... 
  awesome !, 
  keep the good work up !, 
  try just making friends  ), 
  i live in prague , what do you like ? 
  do you like old buildings ? 
  or more like fun stuff ? 
  museums ? 
  or just restaurants ? 
  oh and about food , it 's super easy , look at happy cow . 
  hit the supermarket . 
  local cuisine is n't much fun , but you can try plevel . 
  some veg restaurants do 50 % off at the last hour of buffet . 
  hit me up , i can help you find stuff , maybe like even travel stuff , i speak czech and all . 
  vegan solidarity , 
  there 's a lot of vegan friendly places , a few vegan only places too , i have a lot of reccomendations , really depends on what kind of food you like . 
  how many days in prague will you spend ? 
  there is a pretty nice vegan scene in zagreb too . 
  do n't remember any local places tho . 
  prague has lovely parks . 
  tell me what you like and what 's your budget , do you like oriental ? 
  fastfood ? 
  healthy ? 
  so you wan na see tourist stuff ? 
  do you already have a place to stay ? 
  do n't bother paying for a hotel , go for couchsurfing or bewelcome . 
  ( it 's free ), 
  also try to find a car sharing ride , you will pay a lot less than for a bus . 
  there are sites for that . 
  why is it here ? 
  flexi = animal products , this does n't belong here , you can say that about any cookbook that has a salad in it jesus, 
  sell it , sell it all !, 
  take the money and go on a trip !, 
  buy yourself the food you love , new experiences . 
  fuck what others think , it 's your life and you are changing for the better !, 
  keep on going and they 'll come around .
