  honestly my beef is not so much with the eu , than with the attitude people have , we will never become a good successful country if we keep on relying on others . 
  i honestly do n't know , although i 've seen a lot more positive attitude towards bulgaria from americans for some reason ... 
  again i do not represent the nation of bulgaria , these opinions are my own , and i do n't think it 's childish to want to be able to grow and develop on your own , all the successful countries went through that process , and if we want to be successful and respected we should too . 
  even so , that does not make it better , just because they mock somebody else , that has to make you feel better ? 
  i do n't think neutrality has to do with financial and economical success , well maybe partly , but theoretically you can still be poor and neutral . 
  staying somewhere we are clearly not wanted is worse i would argue , at least if we leave , we would not lose anymore respect . 
  they did share the border with nazi germany though , and that did not bother them much . 
  uhm ... what 's that suppose to mean ? 
  i would honestly vote for neutrality . 
  we should be on our own , that does not mean that we should isolate ourselves , no we can still trade , have all kinds of social , diplomatic or economic relations with the eu , russia , the us and so on , but we can still be neutral , look at switzerland and norway , they are neutral , and it 's working ok for them , they are still part of europe in the political-economical sense , they have specific trade agreements and such signed with the eu . 
  i think a setup like that could work well for bulgaria . 
   nothing personal , but that rant sounds like the outpourings of a spoiled teenager . 
  is that really how bulgaria feels , or are you just projecting ? 
  no this is just how i feel , my opinions are my own , and they do not reflect the ones of my countrymen and women . 
  also means world , but yeah . 
  i think the eu should die . 
  good riddens , the eu should die . 
  bono can shut the fuck up , and stick a potato up his irish ass . 
  i amma half-a-swede so ... 
  he is a litteral huge pussy though , i want somebody with more backbone . 
  eastern block, 
  i am not trying to troll , it 's a fact . 
  how can we overcome them , westerners are racists and hate the eastern europeans , they openly mock them and regard them as animals . 
  a union will never happen . 
  the eu would probably break apart , there is too much animosity between the east and the west and i do n't think we can go over that , as long as westerners are racists towards slavs and quite arrogant to boot . 
  and racism from the west towards the east ... 
  we do n't need a union , we can simply sign trade and political deals for the free movement of people . 
  eu is too restrictive , my country was in a union before , it did not work out , this will not work out too . 
  this is basically the west being racist and arogant towards the east and slavs in particular , we can never have a union when the east hates the west and vice versa . 
  never gon na happen . 
  yes . 
  the irony here is that they are actually doing that . 
  i hope never , and i hope the eu breaks apart soon as well . 
   they go back running to turkey good . 
  well , i think the west should spend money for the refugees , and not expect us to do so , it 's their problem . 
  much more islamic . 
  also i hope the eu breaks apart . 
  hahaha , we did not spent a dime , fuck you westerners , you will pay for everything !, 
  also , you should handle the refugee problem because that 's what you deserve . 
  now we see the true face of the greek fucks , why are we in the same union with them is beyond me , we should fucking leave . 
  thank god for the west taking hits so that we can live safely in the east . 
  i see it 's time to shit on eastern europe again , and show how the wast is superior , op you are a racist and a bigot . 
  simply i do n't want to talk to bigots that think that eastern euros are backwards rednecks . 
  fuck off you racist twat, 
  that 's why we ca n't have nice things . 
   my european friends have done a very good job of giving me an outside perspective of the real and imminent danger that trump and his facist ilk pose my country . 
  it is my intent to quickly explain my fears for you . 
  regressive detected . 
  you are racist , and completely unapologetic at that . 
  i have close friends that are gay , and they have not experienced any homophobia , both are openly gay . 
  you took your sweet time , i needed backup half an hour ago . 
  all i can say is : lol, 
  he is being racist , what else should i respond with ? 
  no , i need you to stop hating me , and stop being racist . 
  so you basically do n't care of the horrible shit you committed , not surprised actually , go salute your nazi flag please . 
  yes i have because all of you northern germanics and western germanics and so on have enslaved and oppressed my people all throughout history . 
  you are a racist imperialist , and your wealth is built on the backs of poor slavs , the word slave comes from the word slav for a reason . 
  you do realize that the word slave comes from the word slav , not to mention that you and all the german ethnics constantly enslaved and oppressed my people . 
  our end of the deal ? 
  what might that be ? 
  also i am quite angry that some racists in the west try to buy their white guilt with money and expect we all dance to their tunes . 
  slavs are a group of people characterized by similar biological and ethnic traits , and being bigoted towards them is racist , and you are racist !, 
   then what in heaven 's name would be in it for the west ? 
  is n't it bad enough that you buy our land and exploit qualified worked at three times or more less wages ? 
  political difference of thought is not an excuse for racism . 
  have you seen the comments here ? 
  well bulgaria is not russia . 
  that 's not an excuse for the blindingly obvious racism towards eastern europeans , also we have stood with the eu on every decision against russia , and we are still being perceived as scum . 
  or , maybe , just maybe , that 's reality . 
  that 's quite racist . 
  the point is , we do n't want to be in a union with them either , why would i want to be grouped with somebody who blatantly hates me . 
  we do n't want to be in a union with you too . 
  we join nothing . 
  i do n't have any problems with my neighbors , well maybe with serbia and turkey , but old quarrels die hard . 
  well they obviously hate us , do you know how many articles there are about slavs being inferior to germanic people ? 
  why should i work to prove anything , everybody deserves basic human decency . 
  every time i have said that i am from bulgaria , people from western europe look at me like i am scum . 
  i remember the dutch prime minister saying that bulgarians are rapists and murderers on dutch national television . 
  i am of swedish and bulgarian origin with some jewish in me , my girlfriend is argentinian jewish , i have many gay friends and none of them have experienced what you said , neither have i seen any persecution . 
  granted bulgaria is no czech rep. or slovakia . 
  i live in varna where there are many western european students , some of them black or brown , nobody , and i do mean fucking nobody mistreats them or beats them , or anything , we have 1.5 million tourists every year on the black sea coast from every country imaginable , nobody gives a shit if you are black or brown , or gay or trans . 
  also i do n't want to be an ally to the us or the eu . 
  do you know how poor my country is , how the fuck are we supposed to take care of refugees when our own people live in poverty ? 
  about the union , thing , maybe we should split up , if you hate us so much . 
  i do n't think we are the problem , westerners are just racist and they think we are lowlifes . 
  please no brown buffalo countrymen in the eu . 
  i am referring to cenk ugur . 
  i usually watch , last house on the right ( or something like that ... ), 
  let 's see how this new graphic can be racists towards east europeans, 
  i wish it was that easy . 
  i find it extremely satisfying , that bulgaria 's biggest and most hated enemy is getting shit from russia . 
  never trust a truk . 
  i hope russia brings down the hammer on you turks . 
  a glass crater where now turkey is would be fitting for 500 years of slavery . 
  this map is racist since again it portraits the east like rednecks and the west ubermensch as the real europeans . 
  no , it should not be based on the koran . 
  nobody watches your bullshit tv programmes , and pizza is way more famous here than kebab here . 
  basically because we are treated like second class citizens by the racist west . 
  yes , and we proud of that . 
  bulgaria should leave the eu .
