  hardly . 
  why are you so keen to tell me off , it 's like every comment of yours is trying to somehow shut me down and proclaim that you were the winner in this internet argument , as a swede , i would say - typical bulgarian trait ... 
  i have no way to fight your prejudice , and you are obviously in the mood to argue and fight rather than talk and try to see things from my point of view . 
  also bulgaria denied access to the russian pipeline and the kremlin gave up on the plans of building the southern stream through bulgaria . 
  you can try to calm down and have a rational discussion like the rest of us . 
  i am pretty sure they can be rerouted . 
  whining was not my argument either . 
  you can use romania 's ports for that . 
  true , i agree , but it 's still feasible to think that it 's possible to be part of the european market , without being part of the eu right ? 
  it 's not a joke post . 
  i am also glad you see things my way , 
  it 's not about being popular , it 's about learning how to handle stuff on your own , and not expecting to be helped every step of the way . 
  repeating something over and over again does not make it true . 
  sorry , what ? 
  i just think that we need to learn to do stuff on our own , first , that builds character . 
  okay , i have a question , is n't it possible to have good healthy economical relations with the eu , without being in the eu , i mean , look at norway and switzerland , they have economical ties with the eu and they remain neutral ? 
  i apologize if i left the impression that i wanted to make you feel guilty about anything , it 's not about that at all . 
  i meant that we need to learn to be self-sufficient . 
   well what you just said makes it worse . 
  your entire argument revolves around `` respekt mah '' . 
  well hell no !, 
  that 's not an argument at all , that 's profanity !, 
  well , no , my argument is that we need to learn to be self-sufficient without the help of others , and we will never have a strong character as a nation if we keep on relying on others . 
   i 've been working on starting my own company for the past 2 years and i 'm finally getting there . 
  and by a company , i 'm not talking about a tiny shop , selling beer . 
  and surprise surprise , it will operate in the eu initially and hopefully in the us within the following 6 months or so . 
  good for you , i wish you all the best !, 
   you wan na grow - good . 
  who the hell is stopping you ? 
  certainly not the eu . 
  your own limited mental abilities however - probably a lot . 
  must we resort to petty character assassinations , i guess we have to , since you can not tackle my argument otherwise . 
   self-loathing bulgarian syndrome ? 
  when it comes to people like yourself , yes , totally . 
  what does that even mean ?!? 
   which brings us to a very crucial question ? 
  what kind of respect did you expect ? 
  `` bless you , your holiness '' ? 
  tough luck !, 
  the respect which is earned when you do something to better yourself without the help of others . 
   arrogant ? 
  nope , just someone who 's spend a lot of time and has put a lot of effort into building a nice life for himself and is not willing to give it away because of someone 's flawed nationalism and inferiority complex . 
  again , i must stress that i am not a nationalist . 
  ** at all . 
  yeah but the thing is , if you can not handle stuff on your own then you have a problem , being able to survive and thrive is essential to building character . 
  the fact that we will have to do things on our own , and not rely on others , that builds character . 
   i 'm not being passive-aggressive . 
  you 're behaving like a spoiled child that wants something and does n't get it , and then cries and locks himself in his room . 
  this is the level of discussion that you have brought here with your post . 
  my post is not about this at all , my reasons are , that we should leave and start doing things on our own , without the help of others , so that we can walk the path that is required to be a successful nation , like every other great nation did , like the uk or germany . 
  i think that only when we have grown , and matured then we can rejoin and be seen as equals . 
  you 've missed the point of my post entirely ...  i 'm not being passive-aggressive . 
  you 're behaving like a spoiled child that wants something and does n't get it , and then cries and locks himself in his room . 
  this is the level of discussion that you have brought here with your post . 
  i honestly do n't know nothing about global economics , but i would love to hear what you have to say about the aforementioned topic . 
   op we are n't here to amuse bulgaria or spend our time thinking about it . 
  i hardly think that anybody here wants that . 
  so i guess you can be passive aggressive and just tell me off without even having a discussion , that 's a good way to solve issues ... 
  thank you for your kind words of reassurance , but i must say that i have no beef with the uk or the eu really , i just want for us to learn not to rely on other and to be self-sufficient , all successful countries went on that path , and made it big , we should do too , it 's just humiliating that the eu has to hold our hand like we are some small child that can not do anything . 
   tl ; dr go see a doctor , you definitely need help . 
  flawed nationalism and inferiority complexes have n't done any good to anyone . 
  i do not suffer for either , and apparently , anecdotal evidence is now , empirical truth . 
  my motivations are far from being derived from some sort of nationalistic pride . 
  i am not a nationalist , i however think that a person can not grow to be independent and successful if he/she always gets help and never does anything on his/her own . 
   the words `` nobody respects us '' implies that you , just like the minority sharing you opinion implies that you think of yourself as better than everyone else . 
  newsflash - you ai n't . 
  hence the reason why i think the disrespect is completely understandable . 
  i do n't think i am better than anyone , on the contrary . 
  speaking in country terms , we are not better than anybody and we should not compare ourselves , we should strive to do our own thing and be successful in our own way . 
  we need to learn to work hard and not be dependent on other who patronize us and look down on us for being like a child that constantly needs help . 
   having lived abroad for a few years , here 's a different take : one of the most important things i 've learned that people are not that different at all . 
  and now my two best friends are respectively french and german . 
  i travel a lot - that 's what my holidays are for . 
  last year alone i visited 4 countries in europe , 3 of them for the first time . 
  and the bottom line is this : everyone was utterly friendly and not a glitch of disrespect . 
  quite the contrary actually . 
  and perhaps you are too young to remember , but this was virtually impossible before 2007 . 
  to further prove you 're talking out your drain pipe , i 've had two girlfriends from western europe in the past , i was in great relations with their families and while life took some unexpected turns , we are still very good friends . 
  okay , here is my story , i am half-swedish , my mom met my dad in st. petersburg , when she studied slavic linguistics there , she is from malmo , so i 've been around europe a lot . 
  people as you said are not that different , but we are not talking about the everyday gal or guy . 
  my best friends are austrians , israelis , and so on , and my so is from argentina , of belgian-jewish ancestry . 
  i 've been stateside and i have friends there as well , so i 've had pretty much the same experience as you when it comes to dealing with people , but on a government scale , on the eu scene , we are honestly not ... well for the lack of a better word - respected . 
   the `` nobody needs us and cares about us '' part - this could largely be said about the smaller countries - germany , france , spain , italy and poland are for the most part self sustainable . 
  we are not . 
  there are now thousands of foreign investors which we rely on from simple imports to hundreds of thousands of jobs . 
  true , we lack resources , but that does not mean that we can not trade or can not have good healthy economical relations without the eu . 
  foreign investors could still come here without the eu . 
   `` within the eu , we are not seen as equals , we are seen as second class citizens for the most part '' . 
  well with your 11-th century mentality ( `` me bulgar , me stronk '' ) and being bulgarian myself , i do see you as a second class citizen . 
  why would n't i ? 
  and anyone who sees you that way is absolutely right to do so . 
  the self-loathing bulgarian syndrome much ? 
   `` we need to have some dignity and realize we can not progress if we beg for scraps '' - well if you are begging for scraps , that 's your problem . 
  i 'm not and it is working out for me , is n't it ? 
  you seem to be quite full of yourself as well , success should humble you , not make you arrogant . 
  and on what are you basing those assumptions ? 
  i completely disagree with you on all points , but i feel that debating them would make you even more angry , so let 's agree to disagree and leave it at that . 
  edit : also if you do n't like it here that much , you are always free to leave . 
  this statement makes no sense . 
  very mature ...
