  well fuck you !, 
  i just prefer to focus on the terrorism part , 
  mom is swedish , in sweden two customs officers at the airport , one said to the other `` is he russian ? '', 
  when in fact i am not . 
  i am not really trolling though . 
  1 - i have no idea . 
  2 - your humour borders on racism . 
  3 - i used to be a supporter of the eu , now i am not . 
  self-hating easterner ? 
  nobody makes fun of us ? 
  i hope it is . 
  i wish the eu would die already . 
  pay slavery reparations . 
  this was done in more than one city , the labor , the paint , etc. 
  it 's racist to generalize on the basis of geographic location and/or ethnicity . 
  your racism is showing . 
  this kind of attacks towards south europeans really makes me want for us to leave the eu , an obvious place that hates us . 
  que in western racism here . 
  fuck you , you arrogant northern racist pricks . 
  this is quite racist towards southern europeans . 
  that is quite racist . 
  this is the reason why i think we should leave the eu . 
  they simply do n't respect us . 
  for once we are shown in a positive ( not hiv positive in this case ) light . 
  the statement was said in such manner because i wanted to show what you people think about eastern europeans and people from africa and the middle east . 
  the dublin treaty basically states that if an immigrant enters a country that is part of the eu , then they must be registered there , and can not move to other countries , so basically that means that most immigrants who enter the eu enter from the south , so they enter countries that are not prepared or too poor to deal with immigrants , and these people end up living in tents , just because they can not move on . 
  which means that they are stuck , just because you northies are scared of the darkies ... and these people who have suffered enough live in horrible conditions , not because we do n't want to help them , but because we do n't have the money to do so , and then we here from the naz ... cough cough germans , that germany does not care about the suffering of those people , and they are left to their fates . 
  spare me your overly biased opinion . 
  also , i am completely for leaving the eu and doing our own thing . 
  not glorifying the past at all , just point out the way the west views the east , and that is pretty racist  yo white supremacy is more than sickening , and the dublin treaty shows it , you treat the east like it 's a shithole filled with redneck idiots , my argument is that you directly assumed that the east was nothing and would have been nothing without your precious fucking eu , which is a pure speculation and not true at all . 
  and i am honestly not surprised , you are german after all . 
  also bulgaria should get the fuck out of the eu , a place where we are obviously not wanted , second class citizens and mocked at every corner , i hope the eu dies , for it 's blatant racism and animosity towards the east . 
  now your western euro racism is showing , 
  honestly before the regime in bulgaria fell , we were quite well economically . 
  pure speculations . 
  shut up you fucking racist . 
  fuck no . 
  also op , you are an idiot . 
  shut it nazi !, 
  who the hell is talking about russia ? 
  oh , are n't we patronizing , 
  i am not , i am just proposing a `` what if ... '' situation . 
  why not though , i see no reason for a union , sure free trade is fine and free exchange of labor is fine , but this can be done without centralizing or without some big federation . 
  oh please , defending the same people who backstabbed us when we got reunited are you ? 
  fuck , bulgaria should send soldiers , we hate serbia 's guts . 
  bulgarian here , we should still leave the eu . 
  tips fedora, 
  we should get the fuck out of the eu , while we still can . 
  this is another post that tries to slander south east europe , and shows us in a bad light yet again , so you fucking westerners can feel superior , fuck you , you fucking racist . 
  gib reparations for slavery kebab !, 
  this has nothing to do with bigotry , these are facts , 
  fine , just remember that the people you take it from , support terrorism , support misogyny and putting down women , genocided the armenians , and currently the kurds , enslaved bulgarians and treated us like animals for 500 years , still have the death penalty , rape european tourists , and so on and so on . 
  have fun supporting isis asshole !, 
  i do n't give a shit . 
  well fuck you too . 
  remove kebab pls , pay reparations for 500 years of slavery first !, 
  no , we should get the fuck out of the eu !, 
  bulgarian stereotypes about tourists : `` yes please grand slave master westerner ubermensch come and rape our country with your glorious euromonies , and be as arrogant as you can about it , and treat us like shit , since we are fucking commies and deserve no better , but hey you also think we are second class citizens and we all probably deserve it . 
  not as glorious as varna 's [ emperor kaloyan ] ( http://nakratko.bg/photos/20140324142744-178170603237.jpg ) statue . 
  i am tired of these posts portraying eastern europe as a shithole and glorious western europe as god 's heaven on earth , fuck you , you bunch of racists !, 
  blood-orgy ? 
  the danish just hate animals i guess , 
  as a bulgarian , i hardly like anything about russia , i guess the only thing i can say is helping us remove kebab i suppose . 
  no , that would destroy my country and it would be basically bought up and exploited by arrogant westerners . 
  this is still quite racist and prejudiced as every other propaganda western europe spills about eastern europe , and this is why we will never be united , because of fucking arrogant western assholes . 
  yes , yes we know , east europe = redneck backward idiots , western europe = glorious white superior master race . 
  yeah riiiight ... 
   account age  1 year yep , more than an year now . 
   500 + combined karma from any subreddits way more than that . 
   be on reddit at least once per day to review the mod queue i am on reddit most of the day . 
   have experience as a moderator ( or similar ) yes , i am a moderator over / r/justneckbeardthings . 
   do you have any experience with automoderator ( / r/automoderator ) , css or the mod toolbox ( / r/toolbox ) ? 
  with automoderator no , but i am a web dev so i do have experience with css , html , php , asp.net , and so on ...  what timezone are you in , and when are you generally on reddit ? 
  i reside in bulgaria , so that would be utc +2  what is your favorite/least favorite thing about / r/europe favorite : that i get to learn loads of new stuff about other european countries . 
  least favorite : all the racism . 
   what could be implemented to make it better ? 
  submission rights for posters , they have to prove that they can post good material and if they screw up , those submission rights would be taken from them . 
   what would make you a good moderator ? 
  being totally unbiased , and sticking to the rules of the subreddit . 
  finally !, 
  i am surprised at your apologetic behavior for the people who slaughtered and enslaved your people . 
  also , whoever we conquered we did not enslave , we incorporated them as vassals , and they were granted full citizenship . 
  no , we hold western values with the british , which makes us closer , we hold no values with the turks , and they are invaders , they are enslavers and they are monsters , look what they did to the kurds , and still doing it to them . 
  better ? 
  hm let 's see , tearing my people apart , raping them , selling them , torturing them , killing our babies , killing our children , sending them to their deaths  i would like to see turks in ashes if it was up to me , a 1000 nuclear bombs dropping on those fucking enslaving pieces of shit , i hope they burn in whatever afterlife exists . 
  yes , as a bulgarian , i honestly hate them , we have too much historical baggage between us . 
  recognition for 500 years of slavery pls , and then i recognize . 
  erdogan is gon na be butthurt . 
  good . 
  well as for the gays i know , they date , and live together with their sos , soooo i guess they are doing great . 
  that graphic is bullshit , nobody here cares who you fuck . 
  bulgaria is pretty ok i guess . 
  the fuck ... , 
  majority of the world is for it though , in landmass and population . 
  old name of varna was odessos . 
  yeah riiiiigh ... 
  stfu . 
  justsjwthings, 
  we should leave the eu . 
  yep , it is .
