  ooops sorry  , so yeah ... 
  so you are saying that we should kneel and be submissive because somehow they outnumber us , also , turkey ca n't do jack shit , they are the ally of the united states of america , the only reason they have not done shit is because either the us or russia will swiftly retaliate . 
  yes , please do tell me , how much you defend the ones who would have murdered you and your entire family because you are a bulgarian . 
  no one is excused from committing atrocities , but the innocents that died in the train , were no way to blame for the actions of the state , while the terrorists did kill because of the state , you have to see the difference . 
  present day tuks have indeed nothing in common with the ottomans , but the sentiment is still there , they look at us like the lost slave lands even today . 
   you did n't answer my question again . 
  would it have happened if the bulgarization had not occurred ? 
  i do n't know , i ca n't tell the future , all i can do is speculate and that is pointless . 
   obviously it was a terrible tragedy , and killing should not be tolerated . 
  but actions have consequences , and that sequence of events was started by bulgarians acting in the wrong . 
  you should start defending isis as well . 
   you 're using the actions of a few to hate all turks , in any case . 
  not really , fact of the matter is , back then that was the policy of all turks . 
  so the state was in the wrong , when they tried to forcibly assimilate them , who is arguing against that ? 
  but was the murder of innocent people justified , and did it change anything ? 
   seriously ? 
  have you ever even spoken to a turkish person ? 
  have you lived next door to a turkish family ? 
  have you worked with a turkish person ? 
  yes , i do n't despise them , but there is no denying that there is an other-ing between us and them , and it 's for a reason , mainly historical . 
  turks have helped me too , so what , i am supposed to forget all the historical baggage between us ? 
   these are people who are literally living next door to us , working and contributing to our society , and who have no issues at all doing it . 
  that does not mean that we do n't have issues with them . 
   you have a serious issue if this hate stems only from history . 
  please , detail to me all of the events that have led you to hate turks with such a passion . 
  i do n't like them , true , i will not deny it , maybe it 's because of the way they set us back hundreds of years and almost eradicated us . 
  i do n't think i have an one sided look on history at all , i am being objective , i am not denying that we as a nation did a lot of shitty things as well , but to deny what a horrible time was during the turk slavery , is simply preposterous . 
  i did not bash an innocent redditor , i just said that his statement was offensive , since his people caused so much suffering to my people . 
  the views of the state do not represent the views of the victims of that terrorist act . 
  are you actually victim blaming and defending terrorists ? 
   you did n't answer my question . 
  should we still be angry at them in 1000 years ? 
  are you angry at the hungarians for removing the carpathians from our rule ? 
  are you angry at the americans and british for bombing sofia during wwii ? 
  yes for the turks , no for the other , imposing slavery for 500 is different than losing a territory in a war . 
   and , bulgaria under the ottoman empire was nothing like black slavery in the united states . 
  dare i say , it was worse . 
   uhm , okay . 
  why are you so angry ? 
  because i hate to see how some people are whitewashing what happened in the past . 
  oh please , you are looking at the world with pink sunglasses . 
   turkey has consistently been bulgaria 's friend i seem to recall a terrorist act sanction by turkey , hmmmm i think it involved a train or something , yes ... that was very friendly !, 
  i really do n't get along with turks though , and where do you live , most people in my city have a bad or extremely negative opinion of turks . 
   ottoman empire was n't a turkish state , it was an islamic state . 
  today we are brothers . 
   bull fucking shit , i have nothing in common with a turk . 
   that is overblown bulgarian nationalist propaganda . 
  there has never been any sectarian movement propagating independence within our ethnic turkish minority . 
  they are our nato ally and biggest trade partner outside the eu . 
  sure , erdogan has a fascination with the ottaman empire and has made some questionable statements in the past , do we have to equate that as statements made by the entire turkish people ? 
  he was though elected by the majority of the turkish people , it is safe to assume that they still think of us as slaves . 
   so , in 1000 years , should we still hate the descendants of the turks ? 
  should black people still feel bad in america about slavery , i mean it happened so long in the past . 
   bulgaria 's history is tragic , in many ways . 
  but the villains and enemies of today 's bulgaria are our own crooked politicians , not present day turks . 
  have you listened to what erdogan has said about bulgaria lately ? 
   and there are also countless stories of turks helping bulgarians during ottoman times . 
  yes by raping them and removing their heads . 
  and yet we hear how erdogan wants to recreate the ottomans and enslave the \u0440\u0430\u044f back and he specifically mentioned bulgaria . 
  after 500 years of slavery and torture , no thanks . 
  hey , i am bulgarian and i hate the russians too !!!, 
  if that is so , why not just end up in bulgaria , it is part of the eu , and it 's a democracy . 
  they do n't want to stay in bulgaria though , and i thought we are part of the west , 
   how often do you visit / r/europe ? 
  everyday . 
   what country are you normally resident in ? 
  bulgaria . 
   do you speak any languages besides english ? 
  ( if yes : which and to what level ? ), 
  bulgarian  what interests you about europe ? 
  the community , discussions about things that happen around europe . 
   what are your favourite and least favourite things about / r/europe ? 
  the community , the racism towards eastern euros and the superiority complex of western euros . 
   do you have experience as a moderator or similar ? 
  yes , i mod / r/justneckbeardthings . 
   why do you want to be a moderator ? 
  i think i will do a good job at it . 
  currently , there are way too many / r/european denizens here shitposting . 
   why do you think you would be a good moderator ? 
  even though i have my own convictions and opinions , i try to be objective and unbiased at all times . 
   do you have any expirence with statistics , datamining or reddit bots ? 
  no , none whatsoever . 
   what is your opinion on the immigration megathread ? 
  what do you think went wrong ( if anything ) ? 
  i refrain from stating anything about this issue . 
   what 's one weakness you have ? 
  i get angry at times , when something hits close to home . 
   would you rather fight one horse sized duck or one hundred duck sized horses ? 
  one horse sized duck , since the drumsticks would be epic after that !, 
   what single word connects all of these three of the following words : europe , pussy cat , teacher ? 
  explain why they all exist in my reality because i perceive them . 
  equality is good , extremism is bad . 
  get off from your feminist pills . 
  theirs is ours because we discovered it first , then they stole it when they enslaved us . 
  that 's the standard english definition for it , if i call it \u043a\u0438\u0441\u0435\u043b\u043e \u043c\u043b\u044f\u043a\u043e will you understand me ? 
  as for the fact that historically those countries have been our most dreaded enemies , you are a traitor , turn in your yogurt card and grand bagpipes at your nearest bulgar center . 
  spare me you whining , turks are hardly oppressed . 
  how to apply for a mod 's position though ? 
  yeah right , fuck off !, 
  the have n't taken over my country , i appreciate that , as of yet , \u0425\u0443\u0439 \u0432 \u0433\u044a\u0437\u0430 \u043d\u0430 \u041f\u0443\u0442\u0438\u043d !,
