  cameron again ? 
  it 's unbelievable how ~ ~ gullible people are ~ ~ people have different views than me, 
   at least to us yuropeans , that 's gun country you are n't wrong at all . 
  that 's certainly one stereotype based on truth, 
  sign me up . 
  sounds fantastic, 
  that 's good to hear . 
  nothing should be above criticism and i 've see many people who will accuse you of being racist if you want limit immigration . 
  maybe this could lead to reform in the future, 
   no one dying because they can not find a job you act like american 's are dropping dead on the streets or something  a true culture of human life i do n't even know what this means . 
  are you saying american 's have no regard for human life ? 
  i live in jacksonville , florida the second biggest city in america by size . 
  i could get in my car and drive for an hour and still be inside city limits, 
  drugs and hookers . 
  but i guess edm plays into that as well, 
  it 's an ancient stone in a really old castle in ireland . 
  apparently if you kiss it you get the gift of gab . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.blarneycastle.ie/pages/kiss-the-blarney-stone ) is some info !, 
  like i said - that is the average pedestrian walking down the street . 
  plenty of americans - particularly young people - know eastern europe very well . 
  prague is up and coming from what i 've heard . 
  i have a few friends that have been there and enjoyed it immensely, 
  yeah you would n't stand a chance buddy . 
  it 's hotter than 77 degrees for 70 % of the year and that 's not counting the insane humidity, 
  a lot of americans are n't that knowledgable about countries outside of western europe . 
  a decent number of people think europeans are feminine/artsy and socialist ( which is used as an insult ) . 
  but the vast majority of americans either like europeans or are indifferent . 
  people on this sub are interested in europe , but many americans are n't at all concerned with other parts of the world and do n't really care about europe unless they are going there for vacation . 
  however , if you are a european who lives in america you should get by just fine . 
  people will ask you all sorts of questions about your home country and how you like america so far . 
  plus the accent will * really * help with the girls, 
  quite a few baltics kids in high school . 
  they seem nice enough but they kind of only hang out with each other, 
  i live in florida and know quite a few germans . 
  they all seem to like it here . 
  some advantages are no state income tax and the close proximity to the beach and disney world . 
  as a european you may prefer the west coast or the new england area as those places tend to be more liberal by american standards, 
  people on the sub are pretty knowledgeable about europe , but the average american would probably recognize the ones you mentioned as well as the roman colosseum , the leaning tower of pisa , venice and its canals , the eye of london , the parthenon , possibly brandenburg gate and possibly red square/the kremlin/st . 
  basil 's cathedral edit : also the blarney stone , stonehenge , and versailles, 
  paris , italy , u.k. and spain are the big ones that people go to . 
  ireland and netherlands are also fairly popular as well , netherlands especially with the younger generation for obvious reasons, 
  in my personal experience - very little . 
  there are some exceptions of course . 
  i have a friend whose family has lived in america for over 150 years and he still wear kilts regularly and claims he 's scottish . 
  but for the most part people identify as american first and foremost, 
   what are the things about europe americans look down upon the most ? 
  where i come from ( the south ) , most people dislike socialism . 
  socialism is very much frowned upon in large parts of america . 
  but honestly to most people it is n't a big deal . 
  it 's more of a `` they got their thing , we got ours ''  what are the things about europe americans look up to the most ? 
  people really seem to love the history and culture of europe . 
  peope dream about eating cheese and wine in a french cafe of riding on a gondola in italy . 
  europe seems like a romantic place of culture and leisure to many americans ( obviously because we vacation there and do n't live there ), 
  well martin odegaard is only 16 so we wo n't be having a high profile case for quite some time, 
  president wyoming resides in new york . 
  priceless . 
  just goes to show that stupidity has no borders, 
  i guess i meant socially left then . 
  i am left on most social issues , i just do n't like being associated with some extreme sjw type people, 
  which party would be socially center and economically right ? 
  would that be the tories ? 
  give me liberty or give me death motherfucker edit : goddamn can this sub not take a joke ? 
  you can see the iron curtain !, 
  also , how come the czech republic is so overwhelmingly atheist compared to all the countries around it ? 
  the only thing protecting us from the government is the bureaucracy, 
  i 'm curious , is he rare for liking american football ? 
  or is there a small cult following of the sport in the uk ? 
  holy shit your dad sounds awesome, 
   minority or majority eh 1/3rd ignorant maybe, 
   in the deep us south most terrorism is motivated by groups such as the kkk yeah you 've never been to the south have you ? 
  that is such an extreme hyperbole . 
  do you believe the kkk is just actively lynching people left and right ? 
   this is ~ ~ europe ~ ~ the internet , you do n't have to censor words, 
  welcome to / r/murica, 
  oh i know that . 
  but i 'm just saying you ca n't make a political party illegal just because you do n't like their message, 
  oh okay that makes more sense, 
  yes but as long as they are not violent it is still protected by free speech laws . 
  a political party could say `` we hate all niggers '' as part of their motto . 
  it would be incredibly stupid and close minded but it would n't be against the law would it ? 
  maybe i do n't know enough about this party , but it sounds very anti-free speech if you can just ban a party simply because they have radical ideals, 
   becoming more `` american '' ... 
  sounds fantastic, 
  yeah i guess he probably would . 
  most of the anti gay stuff is human interpretation while the `` love your neighbor '' stuff is straight from jesus 's mouth, 
   by the rightward political turn in europe could you go into a bit more detail on that ? 
  i just recently started following european politics a bit and was not aware that the current political climate was right leaning, 
  interesting , i 've always heard norway had the one of the best education systems in the world . 
  i read that teachers are as prestigious as doctors and lawyers over there . 
  how come it is lagging behind ? 
  also , i wan na apologize for the idiot american commenting above you . 
  he is not representative of all of us, 
  i 'm curious - what exactly would jesus vote yes on ? 
  a lot of people on here say `` we have nothing as extreme as your republicans except maybe ukip '' so i kind of assumed that they were far right . 
  what leftist about them ? 
  i know conservatives and labour are center-right and center-left , ukip and green are far-right and far-left , but what about the other 3 parties ? 
  liberal democrats , scottish national , and whatever the hell plaid cymru is, 
  well guns is the big one, 
  freedom to own guns , freedom to spout hate speech , freedom to pay for your own healthcare . 
  what 's not to like ?
