  i was just pointing out that most americans do n't really think or care about europe at all despite the poster above me saying we have a weird obsession with angela merkel, 
  nothing about arrogance . 
  i was just pointing out that most americans do n't really think or care about europe at all despite the poster above me saying we have a weird obsession with angela merkel, 
   americans view it as either a socialist utopia or an experiment to see how high taxes and unemployment can go . 
  most americans i see on the internet think it 's the first one , most americans i know in real life think it 's the second one, 
  i do n't really see the similarity between the greece crisis and the american civil war . 
  i mean that was so long ago , germany was n't even a country as we know it today . 
  * a while ago * makes it sound like it was less than a decade ago, 
  i bet 85 % of americans know nothing about angela merkel besides hearing her name . 
  just saying, 
  in my experience , europeans love to complain about their own countries , but they do n't like it when foreigners complain about their ( european ) country, 
  it will have plenty to do with the people . 
  the vast majority of americans are nothing like the ones you see on reddit . 
  sanders could have all the money in the world and he would n't have a snowball 's chance in hell of becoming president of the united states, 
  you guys should make him pm and we 'll elect trump over here . 
  imagine world politics as a shitty reality show , i guarantee you more people would be interested in politics !, 
  [ comrade coyote ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gq_bjai0nto ), 
  agreed there is certainly some change going on , though it may take some years . 
  but not florence , most the people there and there because they murdered their inmates or prison guards in lesser security prisons , there is no way they are getting more comfortable, 
   believe it or not we do n't want to be sweden , we see your values as inferior . 
  learn to think outside of your own bubble . 
  exactly . 
  no one i know irl wants to be more like the nordic countries , i 've only ever seen that phenomenon here on reddit, 
  saying that you talk to god is an unofficial prerequisite for elected office here . 
  even candidates that are n't very religious have to hype up jesus if they want votes . 
  it 's definitely strange, 
   gay marriage abortions , divorce , womans rights , biology teachers teach evolution in every school interestingly enough , we have all of those things yet [ 92 % of americans believe in a god ] ( http://www.gallup.com/poll/147887/americans-continue-believe-god.aspx ) and religion is a huge focal point in politics . 
  hell at the republican presidential debate the other night , the final question was `` i want to know if any of them have received a word from god on what they should do and take care of first . '', 
  are we the only major first world country that has things such as gay marriage and abortion but remains overwhelmingly religious ? 
  edit : there may be a small few deep south schools that teach creationism , but those are few and far between, 
  that is the problem with them . 
  of course no one likes legit hate speech , but who defines hate speech ? 
  the `` blows you away as soon as they look at you part '' is what made me angry . 
  every cop i 've ever met has been kind and helpful and people like you make them all look like shitstains even though you do n't even live here and have n't experienced it firsthand . 
  you need to get off reddit and try seeing what the real world is like, 
  lots of guns and the national healthcare to treat the bullet wounds !, 
   all in all , this is a nice place , but i do n't think this is very representative of the rest of america probably not . 
  in general the northeast tends to be the most similar to europe . 
  have you visited any other parts ? 
  the south has a lot of the best and worst things america has to offer all in one place !, 
  you said in an earlier comment you have been living in america for some time . 
  i 'm curious what your thoughts are on the country compared to finland ? 
   you guys just tolerate an insane police force that blows you away when you look at them funny yep this guy has never been to america . 
  totally outrageous claim based on a sterotype, 
  whenever internationals are involved its all `` murica is # 1 '' , but in a thread about american problems it 's all `` america sucks we need to be more like europe '', 
  how come you ditched the star spangled banner burt ? 
  i 'm gon na have nightmares of that brazilian one, 
  of course not . 
  i just meant it 's probably more well known than a norweigan povince, 
  many people know bavaria or catalonia . 
  i 'm just saying that some states/provinces are pretty well known worldwide . 
  not all of them are created equal, 
   they are extremely pessimistic all the time this . 
  they complain about americans always being too over-the-top or brash ( and rightfuly so ) but i 'd much prefer it to constant pessimism, 
  we need to update our pic to include caitlyn !, 
  lol getting downvoted for stating your political opinion . 
  are n't the far right traditionally against gay marriage ? 
  i know it 's that way over here at least, 
  wow i do n't feel comfortable on a flight without a dozen handguns and at least three ar-15s around me . 
  europeans are weird, 
  but we have your full name here on reddit mr. jay turner mwahahaha !, 
  anti-americanism is a thing in europe , but anti-europeanism is n't a thing in america at all . 
  95 % of americans go their whole day without thinking about europe at all honestly, 
  yep they try so hard to be the `` edgy , underground news that tells the truths no one else wants to talk about '' and it comes off as amateurish, 
  yeah i definitely see where you 're coming from . 
  you got ta work to see through the agenda when watching their stuff, 
  that sounds like a lot until you realize it 's about .5 % of state income last year . 
  still nice though, 
  avoiding paying taxes is an american tradition . 
  hell it 's quite literally what this country was founded on !, 
  they have some good videos . 
  i enjoyed the one on the krokodil epidemic in siberia and the history of the old firm rivalry, 
  there are dozens of us !, 
  dozens !, 
  interesting i 've never heard of that show . 
  would you recommend it ? 
  yep not exactly something we are proud of haha ... 
  the allman brothers , lynard skynard , and yellowcard were all founded in jacksonville if you are familiar with any of those names what city are you from ? 
  i 'll tell you if i 've heard of it, 
  very true . 
  there are advantages and disadvantages to both , i think . 
  i only have to shop for grocery once a week because i can hold so much in my trunk , 
  i 've heard of all of those , but that 's mostly through playing fifa haha . 
  i could n't tell you much besides their soccer team and geographical location . 
  jacksonville has a larger population , but there are many more cities with high populations in the u.s. so relatively jacksonville is n't that huge, 
  taco bells are disgusting wherever you go haha, 
  hey i got you tagged as jacksonville bro !, 
  and yeah it 's huge . 
  i could drive for an hour and still be in city limits, 
  it 's located in northern florida . 
  where are you from ? 
  i 'll tell you if i 've heard of it, 
  i only see them when i go to walmart . 
  but then again i try to avoid going to walmart unless it 's an absolute emergency, 
  my hometown is like that sort of . 
  have you guys heard of jacksonville or is it not known over there ? 
  it 's a medium sized city with an nfl team, 
  it 's definitely more beautiful , but less convenient . 
  getting around european cities in a car without a gps was hell and the roads are strange and windy . 
  but pretty damn beautiful,
