   people in general seem friendly and oppimistic , but if the internet , tv series and films are any indication , i 'd say it 's all an act , and people there in general are very , very shallow , and your worth is basically defined by your looks and the money you earn/have . 
  while this is also true in most places , i think it is even more over there , in some grotesque way . 
  this is most definitely not true . 
  please do n't believe this . 
  the only place that self-absorbed maybe would be los angeles , but no where else is this true . 
  redditors do not equal the average american citizen . 
  interesting . 
  i would take personal freedom over personal safety personally . 
  it 's kinda nice that europe and america both exist so people can choose whichever they prefer, 
  i 'm not gon na lie , half the reason america is obsessed with the military is that their tech/vehicles look so fucking badass, 
  / r/europe made me feel proud about my country today , 
  nope , christian iraqis . 
  not sure if their view is a commonly held one or not , just providing my side of the story, 
  oh i do n't disagree with you . 
  but many nations do n't want to go to war with evil dictators for political reasons . 
  for example , europe tried to appease hitler for years rather than fight him . 
  a similar situation is going on with syria today . 
  everyone knows that the dude is evil , but everyone is scared to declare war on him . 
  while evil terrorist groups are harder to destroy , countries are much more likely to directly fight against them, 
  they are obviously concerned about isis ( they are from mosul ) but they do n't blame america for it . 
  they believe isis is being taken care of and it 's easier to get rid of a terrorist group than a dictator in their opinion . 
  it 's a very risky political move to dispose of a dictator , but everyone in the civilized world wants isis gone and last i heard isis was on the defensive, 
  my grandparents came here from iraq and almost all my iraqi relatives were overjoyed when we toppled saddam, 
  yep . 
  you 'll get tons of `` thank you for your service '' and people would hold doors open for you and stuff . 
  pretty sweet deal, 
   it does seem livable :'), 
   the us seems like a country where their highs are higher and their lows are lower than ours . 
  they make most of the cool shit in the world and are so advanced in some areas of life , yet they still have bigger wealth gaps etc really accurate description of the u.s. imo . 
  i personally love the high highs and low lows , but i can understand why a lot of people would prefer a more comfortable middle lifestyle, 
  reddit is left wing university students, 
  they are concerned about themselves rather than the good of their nation, 
  if you look at their top posts of all-time , they are mostly 2 + years old . 
  looks like many of them are growing out of it thank god, 
  pope francis comes across as a genuinely nice guy to me . 
  benedict had a really strict kind of vibe that kind of turned me off to him, 
  yeah the british gave the natives smallpox infested blankets as a christmas present . 
  they did n't really think of the native americansas humans . 
  crazy stuff, 
  wow that 's pretty neat . 
  i always liked the [ estonian flag ] ( http://imgur.com/gallery/35li9 ) that represents the snowy earth , the forest , and the sky . 
  it always blows my mind how much history europe has . 
  i 'm impressed by 100 year old buildings in america , something most europeans would scoff at, 
  well we did n't have much history except ` fuck england ' . 
  what 's the story of the finnish flag ? 
  well i mean all reddit in general is left wing , not just this sub . 
  but it seems like there are n't many right-center people like myself on reddit , mostly just faaar right hateful extremists for some reason . 
  i just try to avoid voicing my political opinions too much and stick to discussing culture rather than politics on / r/europe, 
  that sounds like a good idea for most cases . 
  but what about extreme violent crimes like serial killers or rapists ? 
  are not many of them `` beyond rehabilitation '', 
  if short prison sentences encourage small time criminals to break the law , would n't the lack of prison sentences entirely just encourage them further ? 
  what about it shocked them ? 
  i 'm just curious i know nothing about belgian prisons, 
  that 's what i love about the internet . 
  it really opens up your world and shows you different people 's perspectives, 
  very interesting perspective , thanks for sharing . 
  i never really thought about how europeans were more used to tragedies like this from hundreds of years of infighting and more recent stuff like wwii and ira . 
  america was n't used to an attack of this scale on our own home turf before i guess . 
  funnily enough 9/11 had sort of the opposite effect on me . 
  i was fairly young when it happened so i did n't understand much of the politics at the time , but i remember seeing a lot of news reports around the world , stuff like [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=djo12dqe9-4 ) . 
  it made me feel like despite the arguments of our governments , people all over the world kind of had a common bond and i felt like a part of the global population for the first time . 
  to each their own i guess . 
  i totally get where you 're coming from though . 
  our country changed a lot after that day, 
  i 'm curious , could you expand a bit on the 9/11 thing . 
  i 'm not entirely sure what you mean when you say that our reaction made you feel more european ? 
  you can throw think progress in there as well . 
  very , very biased, 
  is having an affair not as big of a scandal for politicians in europe ? 
  america : the world 's arms dealer !, 
  i realize that and i agree . 
  however , it is surprising that the pro-life movement is growing despite the fact that america is slowly shifting towards secularism . 
  i would n't be surprised if abortion is declared illegal in 30 years, 
  i 've actually found the opposite over here in america . 
  much more young people are anti-abortion than their older counterparts . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.worldtribune.com/2014/01/25/how-the-pro-life-movement-is-winning-american-hearts-and-minds/ ) are some [ sources ] ( http://www.gallup.com/poll/154838/pro-choice-americans-record-low.aspx ), 
  if you actually believe that sweden has no immigrant problem and that greek people actually work harder than the british than you are very naive my friend, 
  i 'm not totally opposed to what the u.k. and germany have , but i am more wary of the nordic countries systems . 
  it 's true that there will always be garbagemen and janitors and it 's true that they should n't live in poverty . 
  but taxing the middle class through the nose to make sure that garbagemen make very good money is , in my opinion , not fair to the middle class that went to college to try and get higher paying jobs, 
  britain is not an example of this , but other countries are . 
  greece is in the predicament it 's in right now partially because people work very few hours and live comfortable lives subsidized by the government . 
  in denmark , if you have worked previously and are laid off you receive 90 % of your average earnings for four years . 
  sweden is starting to have money troubles because many immigrants are unemployed yet receive free housing and healthcare . 
  it may not be glamorous , but there are certainly a good number of people out there who would prefer to just live unemployed rather than work and prosper edit : a word, 
  perhaps social democracies allow for more opportunities for lower class people , but people are less likely to take advantages of opportunists because they can live comfortable without putting in much work . 
  why work your butt of going to college and climbing up the business ladder when you can make $ 21 an hour working at [ mcdonald 's in denmark . 
  ] ( http://politicalblindspot.com/mcdonalds-employees-in-denmark-make-21-an-hour-heres-how-they-did-it/ ) have you ever seen the dark knight rises ? 
  excellent movie . 
  well in one scene , bruce wayne is trying to escape the giant pit he is imprisoned in by climbing up the walls to the surface above , but there is one large chasm where he falls short everytime he tries to jump across it . 
  after many failures , he eventually removes the safety rope and tries again , succeeding . 
  he realized that with the rope there to catch him he was never really giving it his all on the jump . 
  the same is true in society . 
  when you know there is an expansive safety net beneath you in the case of failure , it is much easier to accept your fate rather than try and improve it . 
  in america , there is little catch you of you fall so everyone gives it their all . 
  imo this leads to innovation and improvement across all branches of society . 
  maybe it is n't totally fair , but that 's the way i prefer, 
  i do n't mean totally doing away with welfare and food stamps . 
  obviously people who are down on their luck need to be able to afford a house and food etc.
