no listen . 
  he did n't say that . 
  he said breadlines were objectively good , not bad but better . 
  he said `` breadlines are the sign of a healthy economy '' he legitimately believes that everyone being equally poor is better than some being rich and very few being poor . 
  `` breadlines are a sign of a healthy economy '' is the independent clause . 
  it is the core of the sentence . 
  i 'm saying they 're not better than what they had before . 
  he said breadlines was the sign of a healthy economy . 
  he did n't say `` yah , breadlines suck but not that bad '', 
  he said its a good economic system . 
  as he travelled from vt to praise communist regimes . 
  he 's an old man with despicable views that hopefully follow him into the grave . 
  but that they 're not good . 
  and that people starving while the rich eat is n't even a rare occurence in non-control economies . 
  i ca n't believe people still defend the person who argued for shutting down newspapers because they expressed `` counter revolutionary ideals '', 
  run by little warlords and despots . 
  like venezuela . 
  anything would be a step up for them , but to say people are waiting in line for their daily dear leader bread is a good system is hilarious . 
  yes . 
  i 'm literally saying that in absolutely zero free market countries that is the case . 
  the 43 percent of people considered `` poor '' in the united states own , on average , a 3 bedroom home with 1.5 baths with a porch and patio . 
  1/3 own more than one vehicle . 
  the average poor person has a larger living space than the average person ( not poor ) in many wealthy european countries . 
  that is simply not the case . 
  are you saying that 's the us . 
  because that 's what he compared breadlines to , economy wise . 
  yeah , but you 're assuming that `` in other countries rich get the food and the poor starve to death '' is true . 
  it 's not . 
  this assumption that wealth is a zerosum game is idiotic . 
  no , he said it was the sign of a healthy economy , because it meant all people were equal . 
  he says bolivia and venezuela are healthy because everyone is equally poor . 
   i think it 's actually better for the middle and working class in these countries given that inequalities are lower . 
  in all those countries the middle and working class are worse off than those of the united states in real terms . 
  you ca n't say `` our middle classes are better because our rich are poorer . '', 
  remember , bernie got higher in the democratic primary than trump got in the republican primary . 
  the left wing is never viable , what country that is left wing is richer than the united states ? 
  2011 , just because it looks good he celebrates it when it looks good , its still up on his website as one of his main pieces . 
  when he was praising the sandinista government . 
  in 1989 he spoke at a conference where attendees had to pledge to support `` the soviet triumph over the united states '' . 
  just because he hid it better does n't mean he 's not fucking nuts . 
  today 's program , like how he still is claiming that its better to live in venezuela than the united states ? 
  or is it today 's program where he still says that breadlines were the sign of a healthy economy ? 
  today 's program , or the party he ran in the 70s ? 
  his party platform when he ran in the 70s included bank and bigindustry nationalization . 
  i said he moderated his views to get elected . 
  he also believes in nationalizing banks , seizing major companies ( means of production ) and has said that a breadline is the sign of a healthy economy . 
  he said that newspapers should be shut down if they expressed `` counterrevolutionary beliefs . '', 
  tell me how are many of those are center-left ? 
  no , he literally was a member of publicly communist groups . 
  he could not get a job with the us government itself because of his past associations without being elected . 
  do n't forget , he was also a leader in a troskyist party well into his late 30s . 
  he 's a full blown communist that moderated his views to get elected . 
  hillary did n't even need to run against him , he literally said `` breadlines are the sign of a healthy economy '' and he still keeps talking about how venezuela is better for the american dream because it 's `` more equal '', 
  when traveling in europe as an american , we 'd always switch to the worst local accents my friends and i had that we could understand just fine but listening to three people converse with one speaking in a southern drawl , the most annoying texas accent , and a boston accent meant we could converse privately . 
   criticism as a guest is one of the most grievous offenses of politeness . 
  my grandmother would probably come back from the dead to beat me with a switch if i ever criticized or was impolite to a guest . 
   another thing is that in polite cultures real happiness and agreement are likely to look overstated in general . 
  if the person in question does not change much from his usual politeness , it means nothing ; if you get the impression that he/she is out of control for happiness , it really might mean `` yes '' . 
  i think its simply that the argument at its core is : the baseline for politeness and ` positive attitudes ' is that much higher , so even a negative will be a slight positive and a positive will be made to be a huge positive . 
  difference between american and european concepts of citizenship/being of a country . 
  nope , he was one of the most famous americans that ever lived . 
  you ca n't claim people who became something else . 
  einstein was just as american as me . 
  not because they did n't want it , they just were n't rich enough to afford junk food . 
  well the us is the only one besides switzerland which maintains that the states maintain sovereign rights and privileges that that federal government can not impose itself upon . 
  they all have much weaker state systems and the us has the strongest . 
  i 'm assuming if europe came up with anything similar it would be closest to the us model because the states would jealously guard their rights . 
  they are given it repeatedly . 
  they keep voting to keep their status . 
  but puerto ricans on puerto rico split between republicans-lite and democrats-lite . 
  it 's irrelevantly small , is still my claim . 
  you 're claiming people who 's ancestors came here over 300 years ago , and have had no ties since them , exhibit some culture sharing . 
  your two examples for `` language = culture sharing '' is an insular religious community but somehow they 're your first choice on an example of sharing culture . 
  your second example is barely 100k people who live in the backwoods and who , though they speak a language derived from french , could not hold a conversation with a frenchman . 
  so you went from a 300k population , to a 150k population . 
  literally if you put a creole speaker in paris , they would not be able to communicate . 
  even if i give you that you 're still not even up to a full percentage of the population . 
  since when do they speak french there ? 
  they speak creole which is about as far from french as it is from english . 
  really . 
  since when does the us speak a continental language ? 
  the only reason we speak spanish is because of mexico . 
  so a tiny , religiously insular community that speaks either a long separate variant of swiss german or amerodeutsch is somehow the group that cares about europe ... all your examples can only grow up from there . 
  we 'll take that , you 're almost up to .1 % of the population . 
  9.99 % more to go . 
  you could n't have . 
  you ran out of bombs . 
  there really is n't any shared culture or history to continental europe . 
  90 % of america does n't think about europe even once a month . 
  the us specifically did not go into total war scenario in any of those situations . 
  if you ca n't bomb a 3rd world country , how could you resist getting the floor wiped by any country with the will and means to do so ? 
  1919 the us wanted a stronger germany than anyone else wanted to balance the power . 
  then 1945 . 
  the us told everyone to fuckoff when they started dismantling german industry to benefit themselves . 
  if english foreign policy is making sure there 's no one strong on the continent to keep itself , the us is to keep a strong local partner . 
  the us operates on a take the side of the weak , so there 's no other strong policy . 
  what history ? 
  the only country that the us derives a huge amount of its history from , and the revolutionary war was called a war between tories and whigs , and all but one state 's justice and legal system come from , just decided to up and leave ... 
  the only history the us has outside of france with europe now is either beating you or saving you in a world war . 
  we do n't listen to your songs ( again , gb left ) we do n't watch your movies , we do n't watch your tv shows , we do n't care about your sports , we do n't care about your culture/heritage .
