  unlike the latter , fjaka is sublime state of mind and body for which whole humanity strives for . 
  while in india and elsewhere fjaka is achieved by many years of starvation and meditation , in dalmatia it is simply a godsend . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.croatia.org/crown/articles/9842/ ) you can read more about it . 
  haha there was great comment about that in / r/croatia few days ago which roughly translated goes like this : of course we are evil , we gave the tie to the whole world . 
  everybody from us president , japanese emperor to some understrapper in government of burkina faso wears decorative noose around their neck . 
  they better not fuck with us so they do n't have to wear , i do n't know , decorative butplug in 100 years . 
  we are almost in and still no thread . 
  sad evolvedbacteria is sad . 
  dream land . 
  people in croatia think of it as heaven on earth . 
  there is song with lyrics that roughly translated go like `` my life is as switzerland , almost perfect . '', 
  other than that i know it has nice landscape , secure banks , cheese and lindt chocolate !, 
  also it 's neutral in everything . 
  apparently ps4 is not region blocked . 
  hmm , works fine for me . 
  anyway , here is screenshot http://i.imgur.com/ddoyuhy.png, 
  sure thing , this is from two years ago , being from bosnia you do n't need translation , other could use google translate . 
  word . 
  people are vocal about everything except economical problems . 
  do n't get me wrong , there are talks about it but not as near as much as for example about gay marriage . 
  is n't it paying for parking with sms standard thing across the world ? 
  here in croatia it is used for years and years now and it 's not like we are some technologically advanced country . 
  i will copy my suggestion from another thread : i think it will be good to start with croatia since we are entering eu within about a month and are fairly small , and for some , unknown country . 
  i think it will be good to start with croatia since we are entering eu within about a month and are fairly small , and for some , unknown country . 
  horvat is the most common last name in croatia with over 20 000 of them . 
  here is the map of where are they situated and you can see that it 's mostly in zagreb and near hungary border . 
  no problem , if you have any more questions , especially about dubrovnik you can pm me . 
  in hotel that excuse might even work but at private apartments i am the one who has to clean after them and when there are 3-4 families leaving at the same day with few of them already waiting to enter , it 's not easy job . 
  i 'm from dubrovnik so i can tell you that here it 's basically changing every day . 
  few days it 's sunny and hot and few days it 's raining . 
  next week should be good . 
  i have a lot of poles at my apartments and i have to say , you are the best , nicest guests who always leave everything clean . 
  there are rarely any problems with you guys . 
  nice , where will you stay at ? 
  finally !, 
  a statistic where croatia is not in last three countries !, 
  it 's hotel rixos in dubrovnik . 
  of course we wont . 
  we always dig ourself deeper in the [ ground !, 
  yup , and they are filming again this summer . 
  also they employ like a half of town 's youth so i hope i 'll be working for them this summer too . 
  why this guy became moderator of / r/europe in first place ? 
  i mean , he is not even from here and there is a lot controversy surrounding him . 
  what did he do to deserve it more than anyone else ? 
  yup , as a croatian i can confirm that . 
  they are elected only for one year so people are really not that interested . 
  and you are committing logical fallacy known as ad hominem , or attacking a person instead of their argument . 
  finishing electrical engineering high school in a month and going to it college . 
  there is future for me apparently !, 
  http://thepiratebay.se/ works for me . 
  may i say , finally !, 
  also , it should be known that people from slovenia and croatia are in great relationship . 
  it 's just politicians that make it seem like we are in dispute all the time . 
  on the other hand , if you were me and living in dubrovnik , croatia this would have made your situation worse . 
  not many people know ( even people from croatia ) but dubrovnik region is physically separated from the rest of the country so i have to cross the border twice to go anywhere else . 
  this worked somehow fine till now but when schengen is established it will be nightmare to travel by car . 
  here 's google maps so you can see what i am talking about . 
  http://goo.gl/maps/bruwg you see that gap to the sea ? 
  that 's bosnia territory . 
  no better way to describe it than this comic that was going around few years ago . 
  there is a voting to be held next month about europarlamentarians although people we choose then will only be there for one year untill regular elections in 2014 . 
  despite the initial anticipation that croatia 's international vehicle registration code would be `` cro '' , croatia officially opted for the 2-letter `` hr '' ( hrvatska ) code instead . 
  one question . 
  when we enter eu duties and taxes when ordering something online from other eu countries will cease to exist . 
  but , what if i order something from us ? 
  will i pay standard croatian tax of 25 % or some standard eu tax ? 
  because b.net is available only in maybe 5 or 6 major cities . 
  i 'm from dubrovnik and best i can get is optima . 
  i would kill for that ping . 
  http://www.speedtest.net/result/2593774324.png and this is double of average in croatia . 
  this is how we drink it in croatia , it 's blog post from american who is currently living in croatia and as a croat i have to say it 's 100 % percent true . 
  drinking coffee here is basically social and cultural event . 
  ** croatia ** * health education came to schools . 
  church is against it and everybody is pissed at them . 
  * church in general , they are annoying on other fields too . 
  * slovenia maybe not letting us in eu for i still do n't understand what reason . 
  * growing number of unemployed people . 
  * handball game against france . 
  from dubrovnik , would raise the wall price even more . 
  i would say it is one of the top attractions in europe . 
  for example if price for london eye which is `` just '' a ferris wheel can be almost 30 euro than why would n't the price for intact city walls from hundreds of years ago be at least 16 euro ? 
  as i can remember there was not some remarkable growth in recent years . 
  so i do n't think that got contributed that much , so far . 
  yeah but this is in percentage of gdp and for example in croatia there were 12.9 million tourists ( population 4.2 million ) . 
  that is three times more tourists than people living here . 
  hence it is understandable that croatia is higher than spain . 
  main square celebration http://youtu.be/zxnlxhibsgs, 
  i agree with you , too bad that those few hundred hooligans are ruining everything good . 
  i 'm from dubrovnik and for me you are more then welcome !, 
  read : [ link ] ( http://balkanchronicle.com/index.php?option=com_content&amp;view=article&amp;id=2048:croatian-fans-attacked-with-axes-hammers-sticks-during-european-handball-championship-in-serbia-&amp;catid=83:balkans&amp;itemid=460 )  during the attack some 30 to 50 hooligans attacked the visiting croat fans with axes , hummers , sticks and rocks injuring several of them and setting of their vehicles on fire . 
  media have reported that one of the passengers was stabbed with a knife . 
  i completely agree with you . 
  i was only disappointed because of booing once again during croatian national anthem , lasers to our goalkeeper , attacking our players with bottles , our fans with axes , setting our cars on fire and other things ... 
  but i suppose that were few hooligans , except for the anthem where there was 15000 people whistling and booing . 
  so what ? 
  some of you might say , but i have to tell you this is huge for this somehow homophob country , or at least that 's what it was 2 years ago . 
  in the year 2011 for the first time ever there was gay pride in croatia second biggest city split . 
  five hundred participants were attacked by 10 000 homophobs ( i have no other word to describe them ) who thrown rocks , glasses and bottles at them . 
  several were injured and about hundred arrested in the event that was disgrace not only for split but for whole croatia . 
  here is a [ video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=tjvbspq2wdy#t=86s ) that shows atmosphere at pride , you can hear chants and hate speech from those 10 000 people who wanted to torn appart 500 hundred pride participants .
