eu - croatia actually . 
  article says  if within six months the problem is not solved , the eu could introduce visas for us diplomats , the commission warned . 
  yes , there will always be serbs who hate croats and croats who hate serbs and want the worst to them . 
  but those are minorities , and politically and officially speaking , croatia would never veto serbia 's accession to eu . 
  why would croatia veto it ? 
  if anything we said multiple times that we are happy to help any of our neighboring countries to get in , and that includes serbia . 
  also , do n't go 500 meters away from shore on your sea mattress when wind is blowing . 
  i mean , seriously , it happened few times that i am enjoying my ride on boat just to see some czech on the sea waving me to help him . 
  also , [ this ] ( http://translate.google.com/translate?sl=hr&amp;tl=en&amp;js=n&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=en&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.index.hr%2fvijesti%2fclanak%2fspaseni-ceski-turisti-zapeli-padobranom-za-bungee-jumping-dizalicu-i-visjeli-pola-sata%2f694218.aspx&amp;act=url ) . 
  no love for croatia ? 
  i like the design very much , nice work . 
  as croatia who entered eu few months ago , can confirm . 
  well , at least pm clearly stated that while he is on head of the government this referendum will not be held . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0cabttqgnu0#t=74 ) , for those of you who can understand croatian . 
  sure tell them , and i have apartments and host gays every year , and they are telling their friend what a wonderful time they had so even their friends come , and they are coming back every year . 
  so tell what you want , but be sure that for every person who is like you there is 1000 of them who were actually here and know real situation . 
  do n't be as ignorant as people who voted for this . 
  you generalize far too much . 
  why would you never go to vacation here ? 
  if it 's because you generally do n't like croatia , that 's ok . 
  but if it 's because you are scared of your life or something , or you think you will be insulted daily that 's completely and absolutely wrong view . 
  for example , this summer cruise ship with 5000 gays was in my town , dubrovnik . 
  that 's 10 % of dubrovnik population since it 's small city . 
  and let me tell you there was no single incident , and by that i mean none . 
  no name calling or bullying , be it verbal or physical . 
  also , since you 've never been here on vacation you ca n't judge the whole population . 
  where do you even get your views from ? 
  how do you know italy is so much nicer if you have never been here ? 
  just come , experience , and then you can tell we are bunch of barbarians if you really think so . 
  you do n't understand why people go here on vacation because your view of croatia is completely skewed . 
  unlike you telling someone to `` please never come to denmark '' , i ask you , please come to croatia . 
  that 's why i said `` at least not so easy '' . 
  i know a lot of people , especially older , who were asked to `` sign this , it 's saying that marriage is between man and women ! '', 
  and that 's the only reason they signed . 
  i know this is anecdotal but it 's not hard to imagine that it happened a lot . 
  excellent , this should be on the top . 
  the situation here is a little bit different . 
  government did n't want this referendum because they are against defining marriage in constitution as union of exclusively man and women . 
  both leading party with their coalition publicly advised everybody to vote against and thus oppose discrimination of minorities . 
  even the president said that he will vote against . 
  it 's the people who collected signatures ( 10 % is needed , afaik ) and then government is obliged to make referendum happen . 
  and how they collected signatures is really sneaky , they basically asked people `` do you agree that marriage is union between man and women '' and of course , your average uninformed croat would say yes , without even thinking about gays . 
  if the question was `` do you think we should forbid gays to get married , not just by law but by constitution '' they would n't get needed amount of signatures , at least not so easy . 
  we still do n't know specifics about `` civil union '' so we will have to wait and see will adoption be possible , i hope it will . 
  certainly that 's the biggest issue . 
  and when i say issue i mean a lot of people opposing it , even though current government is all for it , as far as i can see . 
  just back from voting , maybe for the first time ever i am fully satisfied with what i voted for and that is against . 
  unfortunately , in my opinion that is not what average croat will do . 
  it 's worth mentioning that this would n't lower rights that gay couples have since this is just defining the word `` marriage '' as union between man and women . 
  procedure already started to define union of people of same sex with other word , while having equal rights . 
  edit : if you want to understand whole situation , read [ this . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1rtwm7/croatia_holds_referendum_on_samesex_marriage_ban/cdqy4tu ), 
  considering the dedication they have to really make the best product possible i would n't be surprised if their reasonably priced car is also much better than those of other companies . 
  i do n't know . 
  those other companies are not even near to tesla when it comes to quality . 
  either they can travel too few km or they lack power or something else . 
  tesla is really complete product . 
  they have big advantage when it comes to cost for driving 100 km . 
  here are some numbers : ok , so spec sheet says that lower end model ( 60 kwh ) can travel about 350 km in one charge . 
  that 's about 17 kwh per 100 km . 
  for the sake of argument lets round it to 20 kwh per 100 km . 
  electricity price for 1 kwh during night in croatia is 7 cents , let 's round it to 10 . 
  so the final price for 100 km is exactly 2 euro . 
  remember it could be less , i rounded it to bigger number . 
  now let 's take your average gasoline car . 
  i would say that car of tesla quality could easily burn 10 liters per 100 km , but for the sake of argument let 's say it 's 7 liters per 100 km . 
  price of fuel in croatia is about 1.30 for 1l give or take 10 cents . 
  simple calculation says that for traveling 100 km regular car uses about 9 euros . 
  that 's 4.5 times more than tesla . 
  those are some pretty huge differences if you ask me . 
  i would be so happy if i could spend 10 instead of 50 euros on traveling every month . 
  tesla will eventually make reasonably priced car ( musk said that 's their plan ) and if it is any good i will also be the first one to buy it . 
  even if you buy some car that goes for 5 liters per 100 km it 's still much more expensive per 100km . 
  not even to mention driving in city traffic every day where electric cars are unbeatable . 
  have you been to mine ? 
  have you ? 
  have you ? 
  yes , of course . 
  and i have never regreted opening . 
  it 's usually someone looking for a house of my neighbors , tourists looking for apartments , mailman , guy that reads electricity consumption etc. 
  why would i not open it . 
  i had no idea that we have such a huge concentration of ports in croatia . 
  it says right there on the left side that for uk and ireland this is for first foreign language . 
  starbucks was supposed to open in zagreb but decided to gave up in the last moment apparently because of the culture of drinking coffee in croatia . 
  croatians love to drink coffee for hours and hours , and apparently that contradicts to starbucks business model where you take the coffee and get out of the store . 
  you would have zero problems living with 1000 euro/month in croatia since that 's about 300 euro more than average monthly salary . 
  i would say that if you intend to live alone in the capital you can get nice place for 300 - 400 euros a month and that includes water , electricity , gas , internet etc. 
  so you would still have 600 - 700 euro for food and everything else which is more than enough especially if you are willing to cook by yourself . 
  that way you could even get some spare money and travel along the coast during summer . 
  i have relatives that live in zagreb as a students and they are living normal life with 600-700 euro per month . 
  umm , yeah if you are living in the center of tourists town during summer . 
  but if you want to live in , for example , capital you could have a pretty decent life for 1000 euro/month . 
  average salary here is 700 euro/month so there 's that . 
  so true . 
  they could at least get some modern digital pads . 
  the one that i saw in banks around here have dpi of , i do n't know , 10 . 
  my signature looks like pixelated shit . 
  ** croatia ** * eu might sanction us because our pm does not want to admit that he made a mistake , basically . 
  * medical workers went on strike five days ago and the end is nowhere in sight . 
  basically they complain about low wages .
