sex sells , always . 
  of course the building on top thingy is far less frequently used than expanding to the side , but if it 's done , the old house will be reinforced , and mostly renovated , too . 
  here in austria we usually build on top or to the side of our parental homes , mostly expanding it and not starting completely from scratch . 
  such a weirdly written article . 
  throw a dingo on the barbie cunt, 
  for good reason . 
  not really a stereotype but hurr durr australia hurr durr . 
  you may take our reich , but you will never take our freeeedom !!, 
  oh god no !, 
  oh god no, 
  i call bullshit on this , there 's no way 74 % of austrians would trust that underfunded and incompetent assortment of clowns we call our military . 
  pls no, 
  and s\u00fcdtirol . 
  yea , if the american puppet is out , maybe we can get rid of that too . 
  well , they have every right to think it 's theirs . 
  how long will you be able to keep on doing that ? 
  fun thing was that the official death certificate that the nazi 's issued was not accepted . 
  are manchus claimed ? 
  if not then claim yianzhou . 
  really well designed , i got ta say . 
  i 'm sure there are some out there . 
  maybe . 
  yea the nazis were n't really known to be great fans of dissent . 
  hahahahahahahahhahahahahhahahahahhah no . 
  well surely nobody lives there by now right ? 
  lol they can have it back . 
  well / r/de is for austria , ch and germany . 
  it would be more like a union between / r/austria and / r/germany . 
  glad that that 's out of the way . 
  now i can start selling banners with `` austria did nothing wrong ! '', 
  printed on them . 
  how could i ? 
  i would need to be above 90 to be able to vote back then . 
  i know it from my great grandfather , even though in austria it 's hard getting the older generations to talk about the nazi regime . 
  not only that , the thing back then was that austria had no identity . 
  people were super confused about this new , waaay smaller austria and could n't identify with it . 
  germany seemed way cooler . 
  i mean i am aware that austria was n't opposed to the idea of the anschluss at all , but there was a lot of hesitation , especially within the socdem 's . 
  the nazi 's just made it very clear from the beginning that a no vote would not end well for you . 
  well in the voting booth in my town there were no curtains or anything and the sa stood inside the room with guns . 
  uhm we are good at that too . 
  it 's kinda the only sporty thing we 're good at . 
  i 'm baffled by switzerland as well . 
  that country has such huge problems . 
  goddamnit euiv is leaky again . 
  norway not 1 . 
  i 'm surprised . 
  i think at this point it 's just trolling . 
  then instead of being a condescending cunt , tell me how i 'm wrong ? 
  i 'll never understand the `` taxation is theft '' community . 
  south of germany should maximally be hills . 
  nope , probably not . 
  excuse my ignorance on the topic , but what attack are you specifically referring to ? 
  idgaf about political correctness . 
  i have to agree with our exterior minister here , the african question is not solvable in europe , there needs to be localized reaction . 
  then do n't do immediate transition into democracy from a totalitarian state . 
  it never works . 
  there needs to be a transitional time . 
  well i 'm not a danish citizen alright . 
  then again i 'm not an austrian either , because i ca n't do the austrian citizenship test . 
  come on let me do my joke :(, 
  it 's the one and only . 
  just go to germany to buy it . 
  well it 's been a long time since the spanish military fought anything but the other spanish military , 
  the thing is , investment is a stimulant for the economy , while speculation is n't . 
  the sad thing is that way more wealthier individuals are more interested in short term gains than the economy . 
  i do n't know anything about an austrian production about the story of the von trapp . 
  then again i have n't seen som . 
  again ? 
  * sigh * \\* revives carolus rex \\*, 
  she 's a german citizen . 
  she is allowed to return . 
   investment  spending what ? 
  god i was so confused when i first spoke to an american tourist . 
  i 've never even heard of sound of music before that . 
  alright , yea salzburg is super pretty !, 
  hope you had a good time \\ ^ ^, 
  i dunno what kinda cowboy films you watched but the ones i 've seen were n't so green o.o, 
  what else have you visited in austria , if i may ask ? 
  if ya go there , be sure to visit the waterfalls too !, 
  they are truly spectacular !, 
  it 's more relevant now than ever . 
  * a part . 
  we should n't have let gastarbeiter stay . 
  well i have a very simple solution for the austrian passport problem : we just give our passports to a few selected countries . 
  i even made a list of them in no particular order : czech republic , slovakia , south of poland , hungary , transsylvania , montenegro , slovenia , the serbs and of course south tyrol and trentino . 
  that should rectify the situation . 
  sorry czech republic is just such a mouthful . 
  it could be a metaphor for the current development of czechia . 
  wikipedia can , 
  dude calm down i made a joke , do n't be so german about it . 
  k\u00f6niggr\u00e4tz you filthy anglo . 
  prussian space marines you mean . 
  i am austrian . 
  we still have conscription . 
  and we had a joint training operation with the germans once . 
  i mean the austrian military is a far cry from being good in any sense ( apart from our special forces , which are really good ) , but the bw is just pathetic . 
  let 's just be grateful that it is n't anymore . 
  hard to preppare for an impossibility really . 
  why,
