  in fact , there are even untaxable sea entrepreneurs extracting resources from passing foreign cargo ships . 
  that is the only place on earth with zero taxes . 
  is n't that what you 're looking for ? 
  well i did n't say that the state have to have its hands on everything while you actually said that not paying taxes is a good thing . 
  sorry but false equivalence friendo, 
  i heard that there are no taxes in somalia . 
  sounds like your paradise . 
  he 's yours now mate, 
  is their any reason as to why uk has one of the scummiest and sleaziest media culture ever ? 
  timur is a muslim but he has no qualms attacking and massacring muslim states like ottomans ( bayezid ) and the delhi sultanate . 
  edit : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/timur#early_life  timur was a muslim , possibly belonging to the naqshbandi school of sufism , which was influential in transoxiana . 
  [ 26 ] however , his chief official religious counsellor and adviser was the hanafi scholar ` abdu ` l-jabbar khwarazmi . 
  in tirmidh , he had come under the influence of his spiritual mentor sayyid baraka , a leader from balkh who is buried alongside timur in gur-e-amir . 
  [ 27 ] [ 28 ] [ 29 ] timur was known to hold ali and the ahl al-bayt in high regard and has been noted by various scholars for his `` pro-alid '' stance . 
  despite this , timur was noted for attacking the shia with sunni apologism . 
   well , maybe chechnya would n't be in such a chaos if there was n't any russian occupation and no kadyrow ? 
  lol no fucking way . 
  after the first chechen war when chechen republic of ichkeria won de facto independence from russia , chechnya became a lawless shithole . 
  there are literally ethnic russian slaves being sold in the centre of grozny and widespead kidnapping rings all throughout chechnya while the ichkerian government failed to quell the various warlords ( often islamists ) that continually undermine their authority . 
  some of those warlords , allied with international jihadists like abu khattab , were sponsoring incursions into neighbouring dagestan which led to the second chechen war and the end of the de facto chechen independence . 
  i assume the same thing that prevented europeans from colonising the interior of sub-saharan africa : malaria and other tropical diseases . 
  recapturing africa from vandals is not too bad . 
  belisarius surprisingly defeated gelimer with ease when previous roman attempts ( i.e. 
  basiliscus , majorian etc. ), 
  were complete disasters and did n't even managed to land . 
  i think the ease of the african conquest is what made justinian overconfident in his reconquest of italy and made him underestimate the ostrogoths . 
   tfw no landscape of our flag because of the union jack though to be fair , most potential replacements to our flag is just unaesthetic in general . 
  the `` southern cross '' flag looks good but it is too victoria-centric and it has now been effectively co-opted by far-right . 
  still holds true to some extent . 
  in iraq for example , isf and peshmerga prefer french air support to british and us because they are much more aggressive and supposedly more reliable . 
  ironically that comment was upvoted and your preemptory post which is totally wrong is the one downvoted . 
  i do n't get why they did n't release his full name . 
  he is obviously harry sarfo . 
  the issue is what both parties classify as terrorist groups . 
  russia has sent positive feelers to pyd/ypg/sdf in the past ( at least until their recent rapprochement with turkey ) while turkey has been one of the main supporters of ahrar ash-sham . 
  imo it will be fairly easier for russia to abandon ypg than it is for turkey to abandon ahrar . 
  especially when the main russian client is the syrian government and the russian sponsored `` federalisation '' meetings between the syrian government and ypg failed . 
  otoh , ahrar is one of the groups participating in the turkish-sponsored euphrates shield and turkey 's disavowal of them would lead to a possible merger between ahrar and former aq-affiliated jfs . 
  french and italian borders would be more aesthetic but the german border would be uglier because of the extra alpine bit . 
  i really do n't get it why ankara was chosen as capital . 
  if they wanted a central anatolian city as capital , konya seems to be more suitable since its at least the capital of the sultanate of rum . 
  the last time ankara was politically relevant before it was chosen as the capital by modern turkey was when it was the capital of galatia 2000 years ago . 
   if the us didnt hold that military power would they have the same economic power ? 
  by 1890 , the us is already the world 's largest economy . 
  that is when its `` army '' is more like a border patrol against american indians . 
  american military power came from its economic dominance and not the other way around . 
  or woman-raping gold showers for that matter . 
  zeus is pretty inventive in trying to get poon . 
   the difference is that the state in those dictatorships does n't tell you how to live your life like the vatican does . 
  totalitarian = / = moralising . 
  plenty of authoritarian dictatorships discourage behaviours that they view as deviant ( i.e. 
  homosexuality , membership in other political parties , recreational drug use ) . 
  as long as they can only clamp down on it publicly but ca n't / wo n't enforce it privately , they are n't totalitarian . 
   well , vatican does not tolerate other parties , there are no elections which could overthrow pope and establish another one ( or even elections which could change council of cardinals ) , he has the absolute power , does n't allow priests to get married and have kids , there is only one religion - others are not allowed to hold ceremonies in papal state , women do n't have many rights , 10 % of overall population is a functioning army so do many authoritarian countries . 
  does not mean that they are totalitarian . 
  i really do n't get why pisa only tests china by select cities . 
  no shit , if they are only testing rich , urban centres like shanghai or macao , chinese results would be better . 
  what does that even mean ? 
  were you born yesterday ? 
   so people with a medical condition that stops them from showing their skin which medical conditions , pray tell ? 
  asshurt detected, 
   this is how deluded followers of a bedouin warlord actually think maybe instead of accusing each other of being `` kuffar/rafidah/nasibi / nusayri/ghulat '' and blowing each other up , you can make your shitholes a better place to live in like what we do in kangaroo monkey snowlandia . 
  not surprised that the resident almanci ( a garbage hybrid of a german and a turk ) is an erdogan fanboy . 
  i ca n't wait for you to fuck off back to turkey and be laughed at by real turks for your pretensions . 
  and nazi germany has one of the most extensive animal rights legislation at that time . 
  yeah my god they were sooooo bad, 
  because he 's a fucking dictator ? 
  being anti-us ( and deposing a us-backed dictator ) does n't absolve him of the crimes he has committed and facilitated . 
   yes , this is most certainly the case . 
  russia is a country that never really had a democracy western style , it went straight from a absolute , authoritarian government to the next . 
  tsarism to the soviets to putin . 
  they had a brief moment of opportunity after the tsar was overthrown and before bolsheviks came to power . 
  kadets and the more moderate srs could have been the foundation of conservative and liberal parties in typical democracies if the provisional government survived . 
  on the other hand you have isolationist totalitarian states like dprk under the kim dynasty or paraguay under francia . 
  really fires up my neurons . 
  wtf i hate academi now, 
  wtf i love seppos now r/europe btfo, 
  really confounds my cerebellum wtf i hate r/europe now !, 
  woah ... so enlightening . 
  really makes me think . 
  wtf i love r/conspiracy now, 
  not really . 
  seems like you 're the thick one mate . 
  instead of blaming reptilian aliens , you 're blaming us for your paranoid false-flagging delusions . 
  as i said same shit , different stink . 
  you would fit in well with your fellow conspiratards in r/conspiracy, 
  same shit , different stink . 
  just replace all those with cia , nsa and fbi . 
  yes , official terror warnings are false flags by mossad/illuminati/freemasons / jews/bilderberg group/trilateral commission take your paranoid ramblings back to r/conspiracy, 
  do the nazis still rule germany ? 
  no does dprk and bolivarian republic of venezuela still exists ? 
  yes i 'm not disputing that there is a rise of the far right in the world at the moment . 
  i 'm just disputing your characterisation of far left as having been innocent of any misdeeds ** recently ** just because they are causing damage to less significant countries like venezuela and north korea . 
   venezuela and north korea was line tone ago . 
  the fact that those countries still have far left administrations means that the far left are still causing damage at this very moment . 
  it does n't matter whether chavez came to power a decade ago or the kim dynasty began in 1945 . 
   when have you last heard far left doing any damage lol . 
  what is venezuela ? 
  what is north korea ? 
   it was shame though because the tuaregs in mali seemed to have legitimate reasons to rebel , but there rebellion was co opted by islamist opportunists .
