   the united states of america , the russian federation , and the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland , reaffirm their commitment to seek immediate united nations security council action to provide assistance to ukraine , as a non-nuclear-weapon state party to the treaty on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons , if ukraine should become a victim of an act of aggression or an object of a threat of aggression in which nuclear weapons are used . 
  short of a nuclear war , where in the treaty does it say we have to get involved militarily ? 
  i think you forget that the us has had nothing to do with this situation until now . 
  it was the eu that thought it would try to tie the ukraine economically to the european union and grossly underestimated the russian reaction to this . 
  basically the us was sitting at the other end of the bar with our buddies australia , vietnam , philippines and japan doing shots and talking about what a colossal prick china is becoming when the eu decided it would try to hit on russia 's little sister . 
  yeah the ukraine is all grown up and can make her own decisions but do you think russia is going to let the eu get her drunk , take her home and go balls deep in her all night without some type of reaction . 
  russia is not quite the man he was 10 years ago in high school but he 'll still throw down when someone steps on his turf . 
  now the us has to leave his party walk over and backup his little buddy eu who 's ass ca n't cash the checks his mouth is writing . 
  yeah about that , britain and france could n't even take down a 3rd rate military power like libya on their own without the us 's help in neutralizing air defenses , providing logistical support and even supplying munitions when their own stocks were depleted after just a few weeks of war . 
  that was only the uk and france and they are probably the most prepared and experienced military powers in europe . 
  do you really think they can go toe to toe with the russians on their own ? 
  blue water paper carrier forces wont help you when russian helicopters come streaming over the boarder with hordes of spetsnaz in their cargo bays . 
  imo europe could win on its own eventually but it would be at a huuggee cost . 
  not that the us would n't pay a big price either if we got involved , but at least we are prepared to go the distance and have a balanced military force to back it up . 
  i 've argued till i was blue in the face in this sub that europe either needed to step up and increase their military power or look forward to irrelevance or worse yet russian tanks streaming through the fulda gap . 
  every time i get some europhile saying how civilized the continent is and spending money on the military is a waste in this day and age . 
  if you do n't believe me look through my past posts to this sub , you 'd be amazed at the down votes you can collect for those views . 
  i disagree with you and reaffirm our right to sit this one out , however i salute your artistic mastery of the english language . 
  have an upvote . 
  well they are big boys but they do n't have the toys to back it up . 
  the majority of nato members choose not to meet the minimum 2 % of gdp funding outlined by the nato treaty guidelines for their armed forces and have had the luxury of the us footing 2/3rds of the bill for a looonnng time . 
  they could n't even take down a 3rd rate military power like libya on their own without the us 's help in neutralizing air defenses , providing logistical support and even supplying munitions when their own stocks were depleted after just a few weeks of war . 
  that was only the uk and france and they are probably the most prepared and experienced military powers in europe . 
  do you really think they can go toe to toe with the russians ? 
  imo they could win on their own eventually but it would be at a huuggee cost not that the us would n't pay a big price either if we got involved , but at least we are prepared to go the distance . 
  i 've argued till i was blue in the face in this sub that europe either needed to step up and increase their military power or look forward to irrelevance or worse yet russian tanks streaming through the fulda gap . 
  every time i get some europhile saying how civilized the continent is and spending money on the military is a waste in this day and age . 
  if you do n't believe me look through my past posts to this sub , you 'd be amazed at the down votes you can collect for those views . 
  it says you better read the fine print on the treaty your signing . 
  there 's nothing in that document short of nuclear war that says we have to get involved . 
  they knew exactly what they were signing in 94 . 
  i think you forget that the us has had nothing to do with this situation until now . 
  it was the eu that thought it would try to tie the ukraine economically to the european union and grossly underestimated the russian reaction to their actions . 
  we had nothing to do with it . 
  basically the us was sitting at the other end of the bar with our buddies australia , vietnam , philippines and japan doing shots and talking about what a colossal prick china is becoming when the eu decided it would try to hit on russia 's little sister . 
  yeah the ukraine is all grown up and can make her own decisions but do you think russia is going to let the eu get her drunk , take her home and go balls deep in her all night without some type of reaction . 
  yeah russia is not quite the man he was 10 years ago in high school but he 'll still throw down when someone steps on his turf . 
  now the us has to get up walk over and backup his little buddy eu who ca n't cash the giant check his mouth is writing . 
  i think you forget that the us has had nothing to do with this situation until now . 
  the eu thought it would try to tie the ukraine economically to the european union and grossly underestimated the russian reaction to this . 
  we had nothing to do with it . 
  basically the us was sitting at the other end of the bar with our buddies australia , vietnam , philippines and japan doing shots and talking about what a colossal prick china is when the eu decided it would try to hit on russia 's little sister . 
  yeah the ukraine is all grown up and can make her own decisions but do you think russia is going to let the eu get her drunk , take her home and go balls deep in her all night without some type of reaction . 
  yeah russia is not quite the man he was 10 years ago in high school but he 'll still throw down when someone steps on his turf . 
  now the us has to getup walk over and backup his little buddy eu who ca n't cash the giant check his mouth is writing . 
  meh , i 've argued that europe needed to build a stronger military and not depend on the us to carry them until i was blue in the face in this sub . 
  everytime i suggested they spend more i get the '' but war is not going to happen here were civilized in europe now . 
  well boom motherfuckers those are russian troops and personnel carriers invading a european nation on your `` civilized '' continent . 
  you need troops , planes , ships , tanks and most of all munitions to beat that back , most of which europe is lacking and now the us will be dragged in to bail them out for the third time in a hundred years . 
  all true except it 's 7.62 x39 not 33 . 
  she would most likely be shot by current military , police or paramilitary members so more likely it would be the modern standard round of 5.45 x39 . 
  but who knows russia still uses 7.62 x39 at times and the ukrainian police may never have made the switch . 
  personally i do n't think i 'd be able to tell which round was being fired at me as i 'd be more concerned with running/hiding and the giant # 2 i just took in my pants . 
  the russian military standard cartridge is the 5.45 x39 and has been for more than 30 years . 
  chances are she would be shot with this round , not a 7.62 x39 . 
  source , i 'm an american we know a thing or two about guns . 
  if you do n't believe me heres a wiki link below : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/5.45%c3%9739mm, 
  naaa as long as your nation can pay interest plus a litttttllle bit in principle your ok . just let inflation do the rest . 
  i read somewhere that a few years ago the uk finally payed off a loan from the us dating back to wwii . 
  it had a 70 year term plus maybe 1 or two percent interest . 
  at those rates when inflation is taken into account the money loaned to the uk back then was basically a free transfer of wealth from the us to the uk . 
  so long as your spending the money wisely in infrastructure and other improvements that will pay off in the long run , running a very slight deficit is good public policy . 
  plus all that debt out there guarantees one very important thing . 
  other nations/entities have a vested interest in the continuation of your government as they want to be paid back . 
  however i would agree racking up public debt to bail out reckless banksters is probably a bad public policy . 
  correction this is a revolt or rebellion , not a revolution yet . 
  best of luck to them though . 
  edit : spell check on phone messed up a word . 
  i do , we were behind in the space race mostly because we underestimated soviet capability . 
  the air force was also managing our space program at the time and did n't want rockets threatening the strategic value of their shiny bomber fleet . 
  kennedy threw the gauntlet down , created nasa , and 10 years later we landed a god damn man on the moon . 
  russia tried to pick up that gauntlet and replicate our saturn v capability with the n1 rocket . 
  they could n't get the damn thing off the ground without it blowing up , the only thing they succeeded in was creating the largest non-nuclear explosion known to man . 
  i hope the chinese stir something up , the us of a is always at its greatest when it has someones ass to beat . 
   i am not saying it 's not useful , it is when you have air superiority and do n't have to worry about s-300 's  stealth is a gimmick , there is no such thing in the real world that 's pretty much what you were saying . 
  the point of stealth is to reduce the effectiveness of an enemies radar . 
  against air units your reduce the range of their sensors allowing you to see them first and get the first shot in . 
  getting the first shot in on a non-stealth eurofighter before it knows your there is a huge advantage in a dogfight stealth against ground units not only reduces the range of their radar but also forces them to run their radar longer giving your air to ground units a chance to detect and take out those installations . 
  ground to air missiles wont work unless you have active radar installations . 
  the russians and chinese have seen this when we have gone up against proxy 3rd world powers , or as you so racistly put it the `` durkabanistanis '' of this world . 
  they 've seen our capability and they are willing to spend billions of their dollars trying to steal or duplicate it in their next gen aircraft . 
  sooo stealth is just a gimmick , guess someone better let the russians and chinese know before they spend billions fielding their own stealth fighters . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sukhoi_pak_fa http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chinese_stealth_fighter, 
  `` the eurofighter is a superior jet in every way also '' really , how 's that stealth thing working out for the eurofighter ? 
  `` won the space race as far as they were concerned '' ... 
  i 'm just going to leave this right here : http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/n1_ ( rocket ), 
  we took over western half of europe during wwii and gave it back right after . 
  there 's no oil or brown people there so your safe . 
  but in all seriousness your comment is pretty spot on . 
  so long as most of europe gets to ride on the coat tails of us/france/england military capabilities without paying for them then i do n't see the situation changing anytime soon . 
  so i hear you like to be ruled by a king ... man do i have a guy for you : http://imgur.com/yairlbn edit : hit save before i was done, 
  that does n't surprise me , there is always those who would rather kneel than stand on their feet . 
  no , the difference is heredity . 
  we have rich fools who inherited their wealth running around here too , but at least they have no title to it . 
  it meant a lot more back in 1776 ( damn good year btw ) than it does now , but it still means something . 
  kennedy 's have n't had any real impact on modern politics since teddy died . 
  the jeb bush is a longshot at this point in the next election . 
  hillary is a possibility , but both bill and hillary worked to get where they are , it was n't handed to them from birth . 
  in their case working for and earning your fame/fortune is different than winning the genetic lottery and being pushed out of the right vagina . 
  no , no implication of that what-so-ever , they just simply are not royalty .
