  until europe 's level of contribution to nato changes what incentive do we have to renegotiate ? 
  do you really expect the us to provide the bulk of the funding for the security umbrella that most of the west lives under and not call the shots ? 
  maybe you should say your sorry . 
  you have `` united states of america '' as your flair . 
  i find that calls for instant down votes in this sub no matter what your post is . 
  modern day patriots , fighting for independence from their commie oppressors . 
  it almost brings a tear to this patriots eye . 
  if the government just provided initial seed money and did n't maintain an active role as it expanded it would probably be ok . 
  but if another search engine was continually subsidized by a government and reached the size of google a case can be made that a unfair trade practice was taking place . 
  for instance if the us subsidized ford to the extent that they could produce cars much cheaper than their european counterparts and began dumping those cars in the european market and cut rate prices . 
  then the eu could bring a case in front of the wto that the us was engaging in unfair trade practices . 
  the reverse is also true if the eu subsidized a search company to the extent that it gave them an unfair advantage then the us could make a similar case . 
  no we are profoundly disappointed in the eu . 
  we would prefer a strong ally to form a cohesive western block . 
  since the 1500s the west has lead the world in technology , innovation , military prowess and economic output . 
  we would rather keep that edge in the west than see it shift to asia . 
  in the eu we have is a indecisive economic experiment which ca n't project power . 
  it simply is a poor ally and in my opinion has retarded it 's own growth . 
  perhaps the eu will get past these growing pains but i predict it will collapse under its own weight . 
  it has promised too much and delivered very little to the working classes of europe , the backlash is only starting to grow now with right wing parties set to win elections all across the continent . 
  the only ascendancy we fear is a chinese one , time will tell if the later half of this century is an american one or a chinese one . 
  long run demographics favor america but not by much . 
  i doubt your arguments that a internet search engine is a strategic asset would hold any water in a court of law . 
  there are dozens of viable search engine alternatives to google . 
  it 's just nobody uses them to the degree that google is used . 
  all of google 's other services for the most part have direct competitors , however none have the total package of services google does . 
  once the us won its case , subsidies would have to be cut off to the eu search engine , or the eu would be in violation of its treaty obligations . 
  the eu search engine would have to survive as a private entity or more likely fold due to lack of profitability . 
  we shall , the only thing americans love more than suing is winning and this would be an easy win . 
  self determination is great , but you ca n't ignore the treaties and obligations you are currently a partner of . 
  yeah do that and the us will sue the shit out of your new mythical eu search engine at the wto . 
  funding a company like that violates trade rules at the wto of which the eu are members . 
  i do n't buy the eu argument that the us is directly subsidizing boeing but that 's not a argument i need to get into here . 
  the fact is there is no services that google provides to the us government which profit the company anywhere near to the same scale as the boeing us relationship . 
  without that the eu has nothing to muddle the proverbial waters and point to and cry over when we take you to court . 
  we would win and the eu would have to neuter your socialist search engine to the point where it could n't compete . 
  it was the eu that thought it would try to tie the ukraine economically to the european union and grossly underestimated the russian reaction to this . 
  now russia is running wild in the east and europe would rather twiddle its thumbs while putin takes down yet another country . 
  trust me the us would rather not have to get involved because that means carrying europe through another cold war . 
  we 'd much rather focus on containing china and working to strengthen our hand in the more strategically relevant and growing pacific region . 
  but if we do n't get involved `` modern '' europe 's recent history of weak , divided and often dithering responses to world crisis 's would only embolden someone like putin . 
  i agree with you , i do n't think putin wants all out war with nato . 
  i also think he 's hurt russia domestically in the long run . 
  it 's in the long run that he worries me . 
  he 's played this brinkmanship game and has gotten ahead so far . 
  in the future when things get tough for him at home . 
  he may in desperation miscalculate , overplay his hand and lead russia into a shooting war with the west . 
  i remember before this ukrainian mess went down getting into heated debates with europeans in this sub about the need to beef up their military and spend at least enough to meet their nato obligations . 
  i was repeatedly told that war was a thing of the past on the european continent , there were better things to spend that money on and i was being a clueless war mongering american . 
  you repeatedly state that putin does not want war , but are you really as sure of that as you were 3 or 4 months ago ? 
  that kraft parmesan cheese is powdered not flakey , other than that it pretty much tastes similar so i 'd say it 's in the same style . 
  our craft brewers make beer in many of the styles found in europe and imo most of the time do a better job of it . 
  so once again i fail to see the difference . 
  is this a uk thing only or is it a european thing . 
  because if it 's a european thing i fail to see the difference when europe does it vs when america does it . 
  please , i know when i go to sam 's club and buy the 1lb jar of kraft parmesan cheese that i 'm not buying cheese made in some fancy pants european town . 
  it 's exactly like u/horaenaut stated , in europe , these trademarks are locations ; in america they are styles . 
  true , but none of those modern main battle tanks are anywhere near poland right now . 
  funny , i have a room in my house called the `` internationally recognized hugely important masterbatorium '' . 
  i 'm sure more will come out of that room than the security councils ... 
   tanks coming through the fulda gap ? 
  helicopters of spetsnaz ? 
  what are you on ? 
  i 'll just leave this right here : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/ukraine/10668803/ukraine-crisis-russian-helicopters-seen-flying-to-sevastopol.html  this reads like a fucking red alert fan fiction . 
  ironically this is probably the only sentence you wrote in that entire post that has any connection to the reality of the situation we are facing in the ukraine . 
   unfortunately there really isnt a choice . 
  if us does nothing , others will exploit them , and down the lines its going to be us thats invaded by doubt it , the oceans are big and our military is second to none . 
  our airforce alone is the largest in the world , do you know who the second largest airforce is ? 
  the us navy ... 
  it is far more likely that the eu gets invaded by :  some fucking idiot power hungry politicians asshole, 
   you 're right , it 's europe 's problem , but nobody told europe apparently it was n't the us that wanted to sign a economic treaty bringing the ukraine to our economic sphere of influence and in the process grossly underestimating russia 's reaction to it . 
  last i checked the name of the organization that did all that started with an `` e '' and ended with a `` u '' . 
   i think that even the most retarded libertarian would acknowledge the fact that russia occupying ukraine would be the start or something awful for everyone . 
  you underestimate how retarded true libertarians really are . 
  look i do n't have the faintest clue of what the internal political landscape of romania is like . 
  please do n't post like you have the faintest clue of what us politics are like . 
  bush/obama/romney there is no real difference in the end , our foreign policy has n't changed drastically , sure its toned down but that reflects the mood at home . 
  most americans do n't want to get involved in another war . 
  in libya we were dragged in by britain and france , and the republicans bitched that we did n't do enough to lead . 
  in syria , the president was dragged into it by syria 's use of wmd 's , global pressure and bad rhetoric by kerry . 
  the republicans then bitched that we were doing too much . 
  basically whatever position obama takes the republicans oppose even if it contradicts themselves . 
  the general populace just wants the troops home so we can stop wasting money in far away lands . 
  plus if we interfere its not like the world appreciates it , no matter what course we take we get bitched at for being big dumb spying warmongers . 
  unless they are really closely affiliated with a political party most americans have no problem letting syria , libya , and the ukraine burn , it really does n't affect us . 
  true , but none of of those modern main battle tanks are anywhere near the ukraine right now . 
  all of this is true except all of your fancy equipment is sitting in the uk and/or consists of a lot of naval equipment which is marginally useful in a land war in eastern europe . 
  europe spends more than russia but because you are all separate nations and your armys are fragmented and woefully unprepared for a large scale long term shooting war . 
  britain and france did n't have enough munitions to take on libya without dipping into us supplies . 
  how long do you think your stocks will last against russia ? 
  hell , france could n't even even support its recent small scale operations in mali with out us logistical support , do you think they 'll be able to support a full army half a continent away ? 
  please understand i have nothing but respect for the armed forces of britain and france , you guys are probably the only european nations that have your shit put together enough to face down the russians . 
  but it would be hard , really really hard . 
  the us still has a presence in germany and most of europe but does it have enough there ? 
  yes we could probably blunt a russian advance but the ukraine is practically russia 's front yard and is nearly at the end of large scale logistical capabilities for the us . 
  i predict russia would go wild for at least 3 maybe 4 months before the us could get enough manpower and equipment there to turn the tide . 
  until then it would be up to poland , germany and other eastern block nato countries to take them on and none of them have been in a full scale shooting war since wwii ( and most of them lost that one ... to the russians ) . 
  tldr : 100 horse sized ducks cant do dick if they 're not fed , supported and in the same area as the 100 duck sized horses, 
  now hold on one minute !, 
   the united states of america , the russian federation , and the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland , reaffirm their obligation to refrain from the threat or use of force against the territorial integrity or political independence of ukraine , and that none of their weapons will ever be used against ukraine except in self-defense or otherwise in accordance with the charter of the united nations .
