  https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/nato-runs-short-on-some-munitions-in-libya/2011/04/15/af3o7eld_story.html http://www.janes.com/article/44111/german-eurofighters-facing-serviceability-issues http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/german-army-paints-broomsticks-black-to-resemble-machine-guns-in-nato-exercises-10054468.html yeah the russians probably lack just as much depth for modern materials but they are getting better . 
  i 'm sure europe could make or buy whatever it needs . 
  but modern conflicts are shockingly fast and intense and not having enough basic materials on hand is a deadly mistake . 
  just maintaining a european presence in terms of base infrastructure costs billions . 
  only if you count taking tripoli . 
  i 'd say we do have about 100 solid years of freedom spreading under our belt though . 
  us here , literally billions spent defending a continent that 's rich enough to defend itself . 
  thanks buddie !, 
  tell you what , we 're going to ship you a few extra f-35s for than new carrier of yours . 
  ok , you 're a racist asshole . 
  what , risk widening the conflict to include america 's shores ? 
  fuck no , as long as puty poot keeps that shit in europe where it belongs i see no need to attack from alaska . 
  remember the baltics are a sliver of land right on russia 's front door . 
  all ivan has to do is jump in his t-90 and cross the boarder . 
  where as we have a whole ocean and practically an entire continent to cross before we can even start . 
  i do n't think we are going to use icbms unless the ruskies start lighting theirs off first . 
  god help us if they did , but i do n't think i 'd want to live to see the aftermath . 
  secondly aside from long range bombers you have to have all of these assets in place with support personal in order to use them . 
  we do n't keep much in europe anymore besides a token force also just because we have a couple of squadrons of f-22s in alaska does n't mean they will do any good in europe now or even a few months from now . 
  you have a huge supporting force that has to be transplanted to make that f-22 effective in combat . 
  it took months for the us to get ready for desert storm i and ii . 
  how long do you think it will take to move assets in place to fight the russians . 
  if the russians wanted to go toe to toe , europe would be mostly on its own until we could get enough units over there to make a difference . 
  you should be scared . 
  chances are if russia decided to duke it out they could overrun the baltic region and push their way into poland before nato could stop them . 
  it would take many months perhaps even a year before the us had enough assets in place in europe to counter attack a nation like russia . 
  we simply do n't have the divisions ready to deploy to europe at a moment 's notice like we did during the cold war . 
  our fast deploying expeditionary units are too light to go head to head with heavy russian armor . 
  look at my comments i 'm pretty critical of my own nations history ( see my comments regarding the treatment of native people 's in this very thread ) . 
  what i ca n't stand is the double standard that exists in this sub . 
  any military action that does n't involve the us directly aiding or bailing out eu interests is bad . 
  while the eu planning to bomb the launching point for refugees from a hell hole directly caused by eu involvement in recent military actions in libya , hey that 's great !, 
  precision air strikes , good stuff we do a lot of them . 
  problem is mistakes are made , intel is bad , human shields are put in place and people still die . 
  na , i read and comment so much in / r/europe that i get a chuckle when i see europeans advocating for the exact same thing that they rail against for the us . 
  imagine the field day you boys would have if the us was planning for airstrikes on mexico to stem the flow of immigrants from that nation . 
  europe only got out of the colonial game because it was too weak after ww2 to impose its will on the world . 
  look back to the suez crisis where the us , russia and un basically told england and france to knock it off . 
  as to the finns , well here in the states we do blame you for hording all those cherry mosins and for all the commie dead incurred during the winter war ... we 'll probably send you a gift basket or something . 
  i have , from the ukrain to yugoslavia , you guys are pretty impotent without us leadership . 
  i like how you talk about these things like rendition or drones . 
  yet fail to admit that europe hosts many of our black sites and tried to develop her own drone program ... 
  yes and france needed logistical support supplied by the us to make those african adventures happen . 
  the falklands was over 30 years ago and gb is currently not as powerful as she used to be . 
  gb currently has a handful of ( very capable ) deztroyers some nuclear subs and a single big fancy helicopter carrier . 
  the only thing keeping the faulklins safe is the fact that argentinia is currently in worse shape militarily . 
  a lot more talking and very little doing . 
  unless france or gb think it is important nothing will get done . 
  the only nation this is really affecting is itally and we all know how their african adventures can turn out ... 
  the rest of europe is impotent when it comes to foreign military adventures unless of course they have logistical support from the usa . 
  keep it up , once you get a little taste it 's hard to say no . 
  i also find it amusing that europe is suddenly blameless after 4 centuries of fucking with and/or wiping out weaker civilizations across the globe . 
  not that the us has a lot of red in its ledger , but it does n't come close to europe . 
  it 's been the us that pretty much established and enforced the current world order . 
  europe while economically strong ca n't project power much beyond its borders without us help . 
  if you would prefer another superpower like china then be my guest . 
  nice , it 's good to see europe doing the same military things that america gets soooo much flack for in this sub . 
  yes , and the us airforce spends $ 10,000 on a toilet seat and $ 5,000 per hammer . 
  but everyone knows those funds are actually going toward off the books black projects . 
  in a few years you might find germany in possession of broomstick toting super robot soldiers . 
  as for spying , grow the fuck up . 
  we spy on enemies as well as allies and they do the same to us . 
  the great thing is , your own security services help us spy on your very own people . 
  i 'm sure ours do the same as it gets around a lot of us law and oversight . 
  http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/the-german-bnd-and-american-nsa-cooperate-more-closely-than-thought-a-975445-2.html maybe you should look a little more closely at yourselves before pointing fingers . 
   america attacked foreign countries at a massive cost not only to itself but europeans as well . 
  german soldiers died for the united states in afghanistan and your iraq war played a major factor in the strengthening of not only isis but dozens of terrorist groups in iraq since 2003 . 
  i think you forgot that it was al qaeda operating from afganistan who attacked the us first . 
  sticking your head in the sand and not responding to a direct attack or threat may be a european trait but it damn sure is not an american one . 
  i do thank you for your contribution for the 4 % of overall troops deployed to afganistan , they really helped with our war effort . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2009/sep/21/afghanistan-troop-numbers-nato-data yeah we liberated the shit out of iraq under some sketchy justifications . 
  but we spent the next 10 years trying to rebuild it and keep in mind we left when the iraqis asked us to leave . 
  that they ca n't maintain order in their own country after all the training and military aid we have given them speaks volumes as to if iraq should even exist or if it should be broken up into 3 different countries . 
   germany is taking in 200k refugees per year ... how many is the united states taking in ? 
  america also played a major role in the intervention in libya in 2011 , tell me again , what happened afterwards ? 
  where are people fleeing to at the moment ? 
  america takes in refugees from all over the world and has a proven track record of integrating them within our society . 
  what is your point ? 
  it 's nice to see a european finally recognize our contribution to libya , but we did n't spearhead that little shin ding , look to france and england for that one . 
  though we did provide intelligence , munitions , logistics , air sea rescue capabilities , not to mention the fact that we bulldozed libyan air defenses so the burning wrecks of tornados , typhoons and rafales did n't litter the libyan countryside . 
  but the libyans were ground zero for the arab spring and called for weastern help with overthrowing gaddafi . 
  they did the bulk of the fighting and the west provided support . 
  the fact that they turned their newly liberated country into a shithole is not our problem we are not the world 's police . 
   americans should be the last ones to complain about picking up other people 's tabs , especially concerning anything relating to war . 
  you say that now but whenever russia starts shaking off its vodka induced haze and starts making aggressive noises at nato countries the most common comment i see in / r/europe is thank god we have the us in our corner . 
  edit a mispelled word . 
  militaries are not efficient nor will they ever be . 
  sometimes projects go over budget or at worst are a failure . 
  but not trying because there is a chance you may fail is just stupid . 
  stating that spending almost 1 % more of gdp from the world 's 4th largest economy will not change the rediness of the german military is fatalistic at best , craven at worst . 
  the us spends staggering sums each year to develop , equip , train and maintain a large military force with global reach . 
  compensating us for a war which also protected german interests ( last i checked german cars need oil and gas to run as well ) is only fair . 
  besides we would rather have a strong ally capable of standing on their own two feet , than a liability who 's weight we have to carry . 
  if germany wants to be taken seriously on the world stage then they need to step up to their military obligations . 
  or just keep cutting your military budget and keep on mounting broom sticks on tanks . 
  if you really wanted to save money , instead of buying new rifles you could just issue your soldiers whistles which they could blow if a shooting war breaks out . 
  i 'm sure an allied soldier with a real rifle would hear and come save them . 
  hate to interupt your rant but germany does chronically underfund it 's military and fails to meet nato treaty spending levels . 
  you are supposed to spend 2 percent of gdp to meet nato obligations but germany spends only 1.3 percent as of 2013 ( the last year i could find stats see below ) . 
  you chronically underfund your military and let other nations such as the us , france , england and other eastern european countries pick up the tab for your defense .
