  it 's shit like this that makes me glad we ( usa ) got rid of our royalty years ago . 
  sadly the us has been a corpritocracy for some time so your comment is probably true . 
  american here , who needs bombing today ? 
  probably not , the atlantic is a big ocean and very few nations have the logistics capability to strike the us , let alone land forces . 
  none have the ability to go toe to toe with the us navy . 
  i think the military downsides for the us pulling out of nato in that situation are minimal compared to europes . 
  not that i 'm advocating it , i like nato . 
  but if european nations are not willing to spend money protecting their sovereignty and foreign interests , then why should the us ? 
  i never said we do n't act in our own self interest . 
  geopolitics is nothing but nation 's acting in their own self interest . 
  if europe ca n't hold up your end of the alliance then why should america continue with this relationship ? 
  or we just go our own way , keep our military as is and let europe fight her own wars alone . 
   it does n't mean we should pump huge amounts of money in our forces . 
  especially since us already spends so much on war stuff , us spending trillions on it would be redundant . 
  there are better sources to spend our money on . 
  and herein lies the problem with our transatlantic relationship . 
  we give you take . 
  you may have some of the best top notch forces in the world , but if they are small , underfunded and under armed then what good are they when they are called on . 
  if you ca n't pull your own weight in a conflict then what is in it for the us ? 
  why could n't we take the money spent on nato and spend it on our armed forces or better yet on our own people . 
  to clarify i 'm not advocating the us give up on nato , i like nato and believe its in both our interests to cooperate . 
  but if european countries are not willing to spend their own money on the defense of their sovereignty and their strategic goals then why do you think the us is going to be willing to do so ? 
  i do n't think were near that tipping point yet , but the trends are definitely moving in the wrong direction . 
  edit : spelling/grammer, 
  just having the words `` united states of america '' as flair on my username invites down votes in this sub . 
  we also bring an assertive nationalist world view to the table which seems to be in the minority in this sub . 
  after 3000 years of conflict europe may want to sit down and sing kumbaya together for awhile , but that does n't mean the rest of the world shares that same sentiment . 
  i like it , a european with enough sense to leave international affairs to the big boys . 
  your probably the first rational euro i 've met in this sub . 
  i never said you were under threat to be attacked . 
  i was merely pointing out the irrelevance of the eu 's military force in international affairs . 
  when bad guys in sit around plotting to do bad guy things i doubt the thought of the eus military gives them any pause for concern . 
  your comments are as delusional as the fact that you identify yourself as coming from a failed country ( byelorussian soviet socialist republic ) which ceased to exist 23 years ago . 
  ask those living in afghanistan , georgia and tibet how `` peaceful '' china and the soviet union are . 
  ask those living in vietnam , japan , the philippines , and south korea what they think would happen if the us was n't there to counter china . 
  i reread your comment after i hit the post button and thought , hmmm he might be agreeing with me after all . 
  thanks for the confirmation . 
  i agree the eu is possibly way to pacifistic for its own good . 
  cheers !, 
  how is my analysis redneck ? 
  for the most part i agreed with the premise of the article . 
  the eu ca n't agree on a coherent foreign policy and as a result their armed forces are not in the equation when it comes time to solve international problems . 
  tldr : the eu collectively does n't know their ass from their elbow , and as a result sits around with their thumbs up their assholes bitching , while the us , uk , and france keep the bad guys at bay . 
  hate us , love us , but never doubt for a second what would happen if you decide to mix it up with the us or its allies . 
  do you think you would enjoy the peace you have today without a us hegemony ? 
  pax americana did not come about because everyone just decided to start getting along after wwii . 
  the world enjoyed almost a 100 years of relative peace under the british hegemony of the 19th century . 
  what happened when their power began to fade in the early 20th ? 
  you got wwi and wwii . 
  since wwii the world has enjoyed the almost the same period of relative peace . 
  why do you think the russians never decided to mix it up and send hordes of their armored divisions through the fulda gap ? 
  it was because their leaders knew deep down inside that they might roll all the way into france but by then the us would be there and they would get their shit stomped all the way back to moscow . 
  now you see us pivoting to asia to contain the worlds only other threat to that peace . 
  the chinese have shown again and again in the past few years that have no qualms using violence and coercion to attain their goals . 
  the only way you contain a bully like that is to make it crystal clear that if they start something , a bigger bully will be there shortly to finish it . 
  yes , enjoy your peaceful union . 
  when putin cuts off your gas in the cold of winter or when turmoil in the middle east starts shutting off your oil supply we 'll see how peaceful you remain . 
  of course you 'll probably just come crawling to the us to fix these things for you . 
  but we 'll have our hands full keeping china from going all blitzkrieg on asia so i 'm not sure we will be able to bail out your continent for a third time . 
  fearing russia and doing something constructive about it are two different things . 
  the best you 've mustered are slashing already weak defense budgets , a failed attempt at recruiting the ukraine , and a pipeline for some non-russian oil . 
  i do n't think putin is impressed . 
  being allies with the us was a given before the eu was formed . 
  lounging around in your comfortable social safety net while the us does the international heavy lifting is like a national past time for most european states . 
  hell even when it 's your interest to intervene ( oil cough libya cough ) most of europe sat on their hands or openly interfered with operations conducted by the only two nations in europe that have the balls to stand up for their interests and be proactive . 
  i believe mae zedong summarized it best `` political power grows out of the barrel of a gun '' . 
  i 'm personally more fond of theodore roosevelt 's `` speak softly and carry a big stick '' . 
  diplomacy is important , but do n't think for a second that you can have one without the threat of another . 
  simple , the eu battlegroup is a paper tiger and a bureaucratic cluster fuck . 
  maybe if you guys could agree on a coherent foreign policy that may change . 
  in the mean time leave the foreign policy stuff to the big boys . 
  as an american i really do n't care who started wwi or wwll i know is we finished them . 
  back to back world war champs !, 
  mostly true , i do like commenting in threads where the majority of users have their heads so far up their own assholes they can see daylight . 
  it 's ok europe well share the resources were not using with you ... 
  because uncle sam took out libya 's anti aircraft capability , provided intel , refueling capability , munitions and search and rescue capability that europe lacks or is unwilling to deploy . 
  without us the job would have been much harder if not impossible for them . 
  you would also have seen the burning wreckage of typhoons , rafaels , and tornados littering the deserts of libya . 
  if you think the us intolerance of losses are bad imagine what the loss of a half dozen or so pilots would have done for public opinion in europe . 
  tldr : we kicked the fucking door in and held the fuckers down so europe could wail on those assholes . 
  i do n't think the word ancestor means what you think it means ... at best , modern day europe could be considered america 's lazy hippy cousin who did to much extacy back in her rave days , and now just sits around and watches daytime soaps while posting how the `` man '' is keeping her down on her blog . 
  deal . 
  to be followed with '' please america may i have another !, 
  naaa we 'd only count each one of your people as 3/5ths of a person . 
  as an american i can say that while having 50 states is good thing , we really do n't want to add many more . 
  when wwiii breaks out it will be nice if we could add all of europe as one big state , like texas or alaska . 
  it would really speed up the process for us , thank you . 
  ambassadors need to be summoned and thoroughly chastised immediately !, 
  its easy to justify progress when it 's not your loved ones who are being imprisoned , stolen from or wronged . 
  i 'm sure the nazis , communist and many others have said the same things you have to justify what they have done . 
  ( not that i 'm accusing you of being any of the above , merely making a point . ), 
  my family is from croatia , my grandfather spent 10 years in prison for making a political joke and nearly died during his stay . 
  the communists also took their apartment and vacation home because of this . 
  i hope she enjoys the 8th level of hell where she will find her husband tito . 
  or they ignore the dictates of a bloated bureaucracy an ocean away and keep the less desirable euros ( who may likely cause harm ) from visiting their great nation . 
  please , if you think that france , germany or any other european country with half a ball sack is n't spying on the us interests as well , then your delusional . 
  the only difference is the scope our spy programs have become public knowledge . 
  bugging huns is one of the main reasons we won wwii . 
  spying on germans is kind of a national past time for our two countries , like baseball or cricket . 
  meh , i cant argue with your take on microsoft 's nsa role .
