  i would however argue that the economic war you speak of is less of a war between nations and more of a war between classes . 
  so far the rich are winning . 
   ... and a crime . 
  espionage is one fucking big part of this nokia robbery and you know it . 
  if it was about espionage as your stating then ms already won , as they had their operating system installed on everyone of nokia 's smart phones . 
  they could have sat back while collecting data and watched as nokia slowly went through its death throes and scooped up their mobile patents on the cheap . 
  as it is they bought the complete mobile division of nokia , which lets be honest has seen better days . 
  they make good phones at one time but missed the bus when it came to smart phones . 
  my guess is ms bought nokia 's mobile division for their patents/expertise and intends to make some `` halo '' phones to fight samsung and apple while running windows mobile . 
  if you really that your government , whatever it is , did n't cooperate fully with the nsa or that the us is the only government that is spying on you right now , then you are as naive as you are foolish . 
   fuck of your ... everything . 
  really ? 
  is that the best you can do , you sound like 12 year old who just learned what `` fuck '' means . 
  ahhh i see , so when european companies come to the usa and buy our corporations it 's business . 
  but when our companies do it in europe , it 's theft ... 
  are you kidding me , it was a clunky hard to use interface , people using it just did n't know better . 
  palms was so much better than windows mobile pre ios/android . 
  i 've had palm , wm , blackberry and now android . 
  but a great day to be an american !, 
  i have health care , it 's provided to my by my employer . 
  our healthcare system is second to none , so long as you have the ability to pay for it . 
  it 's the fact that its so expensive and out of reach by those who can not afford it that causes us problems . 
  i live in a concrete block house but wood structures are just as secure . 
  i live in a area prone to hurricanes and tropical storms so as long as the house is built to modern code it should survive the storm with minimal damage . 
  i seriously doubt an english home could survive a hurricane without significant damage , but then again it was not designed to survive a 130mph storm . 
  we also have a tendency to tear existing structures down and build new ones to our needs so our structures are not designed to be permanent . 
  as for cables britain has a higher population density which is why cables are buried . 
  if you go into our urban population centers you wont find cables everywhere or the streets would look like this . 
  http://www.globalforestryinvestments.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2012/06/thailand-electricity-wiring.jpg out in the suburbs where population density is lower so it does n't make financial sense to bury them . 
  btw my last house was built in the 70 's and the power cables were buried for it , the cables are also buried for my new house as well . 
  i doubt britain could independently put a man in orbit let alone a rover on mars . 
  perhaps if you had the help of other eu nations but not on your own . 
  source : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xomky043j_i perhaps you should go ask the french for help next time on your little rocket . 
  point being ? 
  seems like that situation was remarkably like what we see today . 
  my statement still stands , the french are our o.g. 
  allies when it comes to spreading freedom . 
  well if you prefer lies or `` half truths '' to facts then so be it . 
  no amount of explaining will sooth your hurt ego . 
  i 'd rather have a strong ally than a winy little bitch . 
  it 's your economic suicide , but we would rather have a strong ally than a humbled beggar . 
  i 'm sure you 've built a couple of neat trinkets over the last couple of years , it 's just hard for me to see them from our mars rover/dune buggie . 
  * wipes the blood off my lip , smiles while walking away as your head explodes from all the freedom i stuffed in your `` cuban cigar '' . 
   if you 'd like us to join the euro and peg it to oil we could do that . 
  we can make life hard for you in the same way you can for us , so do n't elevate yourself like that . 
  got_a_spare-quid made that comment , i was just responding to it and pointing out that if you wish to give up your economic sovereignty out of spite and jump on board that sinking ship then i 'll enjoy a nice shopping holiday in a few years . 
  but seriously keep the pound , i have not wish to see britain dragged down with the eu . 
  * slaps pussy popcorn out of your hand , hands you a beer and lights up a fag . 
  thank you , this is the first comment in this entire thread that has any real understanding of the situation . 
  lobbing a few missiles at assad changes nothing . 
  it just lets obama save face for making the red line statement and having assad step over it . 
  once the us lets a few cruise missiles off the chain this story will go away and syrians can go back to killing each other without the world really caring . 
  you matter to us my little irish buddie . 
  where else is the us going to keep its tasty strategic guinness reserve . 
  it 's not meant to be a snub , it 's simple fact . 
  the french are our o.g. 
  allies when it comes to spreading freedom . 
  good luck with the fracking , hope you get out as much as you say you can and i doubt you 'll be exporting it to us , we have plenty . 
  i think old man europe needs it more than we do . 
  my previous comments still stand , if you could n't handle libya without our help what makes you think you could handle russia on your own ? 
  oh and please give up your economic sovereignty to brussels , and join that failed experiment called the euro . 
  i 'd like to visit your country again in a few years and buy some cheap dr martens when the euro collapses . 
  look we 're just lookin to let a few cruise missiles off the chain nothing more . 
  i know you 've got a stockpile of them that your just itching to try out ( i know because we still have the receipts ) . 
  come on it 'll be fun , we have a few brewskies , grill some hamburgers or order some fish n chips and then set a couple off . 
  it 'll be like old times when we had that scuffle with the jerry 's . 
  that 's funny i did n't see the eu falling over itself to help britain and france out when they went to war with libya recently . 
  i wonder who 's satellite intel , awacs , refueling , munitions and other assets they used when fighting that war . 
  just because were focused on containing china does n't mean we do n't still love our little north atlantic bros. 
  when russia starts getting uppity and decides to cuts off your lp gas , you can give us a call too eu bros. . we do n't mind bailing you out and giving russia a good noogie now and then . 
  those scraps do taste good do n't they . 
  perhaps we could make this misunderstanding go away with a milk bone or two . 
  did i mention our latest promotional program . 
  the 51st state gets free oil for a year and a carrier task force . 
  i 'm not worried , you 'll be back when we start spreading some freedom to another oil producing country , or when you need our help taking on another marginal regional power like libya . 
  you 'll come back , they always come back ... 
  i was wondering when all of this would be the usa 's fault . 
  thanks for not disapointing me . 
    hell they ca n't even find enough machine guns to equip their armored vehicles in a damn parade  you just proved that you have no idea whatsoever . 
  command vehicles do n't have machine guns because they do n't need them because they are supposed to stay out of the fray ( they 're still amply protected ) . 
  everything and everyone had the exact amount of machine guns they were supposed to have . 
   the crew still wanted one , hence they improvised one for the exercise to see if they could shoot someone in that role to back up their argument . 
  nice to know german crews will be shouting `` pew pew '' behind their broomsticks while russian troops mow them down like it 's 1945 all over again  and a nation does n't just `` run out of bombs '' . 
  france did n't want to cut into their war reserves for a small fry as libya , and neither did they feel like sinking money on ramping up their own production when they could get stuff from abroad . 
  right , why not make the us spend millions shipping us munitions instead of digging into our own stocks  shall i explain to you the difference between `` full combat availability '' and `` actually , yes , it flies and can drop stuff '' as well as that it 's not too uncommon at all for militaries to use materiel as a source of spare parts ? 
  it 's not uncommon at all , the us does it all the time . 
  but the luftwaffa has a less than 50 % readiness rate for it 's air fleet . 
  when a shooting war starts those planes not ready are just targets on the ground unless you have the spares to get them operational . 
   the transall , now that was a rather embarrassing moment : leasing anatonovs to get stuff from and to afghanistan . 
  blame airbus , the a400m should 've been ready years ago , and the bundeswehr is not that keen on buying nay * having specially produced * replacement parts for dinosaurs . 
  cost over runs and equipment that is not ready has been a part of military procurement ever since man learned to kill with sticks and stones . 
  you want to play with the big boys and be a world power then buy the damn parts . 
  or just sit in the corner and bitch and moan about the us doing it , it 's your choice . 
  there are a lot of jobs created because of it and we do have a cool world spanning empire . 
  but we could pave a lot of roads and build quite a few schools for what we spend on a continent that can afford to defend itself . 
  never said europe could n't defend itself from russia . 
  i just wish it would invest more in its own defense so we can concentrate on the chinese . 
  doubtful , two of the highest spending military nations in europe ( france/england ) ran out of bombs and had to be re supplied by the us . 
  the germans probably could n't put more than half of their fleet of typhoons in the air if the need arose . 
  hell they ca n't even find enough machine guns to equip their armored vehicles in a damn parade and you expect them to slug it out with the ruskies .
