you sure about that ... http://www.dvhh.org/history/atrocities/chap_1_tito_1944-48.htm, 
  here 's some insight on the blood your liberating army spilled . 
  but i guess in your world a life taken by the natzis or stalninists doesnt `` equate '' to a life taken by your partisans . 
  yeah tell that to my grandfather who spent 10 years in a concentration camp for having a political discussion with a friend . 
  tell that to the soldiers who were forcibly repatriated to yugoslavia after the war , wait you ca n't they were slaughtered wholesale by the communists ... fuck your tito he has as much blood on his hands as any of them . 
  your right there is no comparison , communism had a lot longer to rack up the body count . 
  stalin , mao , tito and pol pot all put hitler to shame . 
  this is n't just limited to communism , dictators and democracies can commit atrocities . 
  but communist hands are covered in more blood than most . 
  as an american , i just wanted to say thank you . 
  i was n't sure which subs we were n't dominating . 
  this list will make the process sooo much faster . 
  phht , 50 years and you have n't put a man on the moon yet ? 
  can confirm your statement and would like to thank you for the rational post . 
  been drunk many times as an american in america and have walked home or back to my hotel . 
  as long as your not causing trouble or bad mouthing an officer they will leave you alone . 
  if you do end up getting arrested your not going to be thrown in jail for two years unless like you said you have a long rap sheet or are already on probation for something else . 
  i 've traveled all over europe and my family has a house in croatia . 
  i 'm always amazed at the perception europeans have about what life is like in the us if they have never really been there . 
  most of what they know comes from our media which has a habit of sensationalizing everything . 
  it 's like asking someone to describe what life in germany is like if they have never been there and can only base their opinions on ww2 war movies . 
  it 's absurd . 
  no ones going to ask us bases to leave anytime soon . 
  there is too much money to be made hosting them to say no . 
  yes , russian style elections where you can arrest and jail your opponents is exactly what the rest of the world is calling for . 
  that 's why russia has half of europe lined up to join their trans-asia economic union . 
  ohhh wait i forgot , they have no one waiting to join except for a few former ussr states ruled by russian puppet dictators . 
  go serve your shitty russian cool-aid somewhere else . 
  i 'd love it if you keep saying that when the ruskies get frisky for more territory again . 
  it would be nice not having europe run to us for their protection every time the russians get a land boner . 
  you hit the nail on the head . 
  western europe see 's this as not happening in their back yard so its no big deal to them . 
  in their eyes who cares if a few eastern european countries pay the price for their lack of foresight , dammit that ship contract was ironclad !, 
  they hide behind the rule of law to make money off of a tyrant that respects no law . 
  no military is on par with the us . 
  however even as advanced and capable as the us 's military may be it ca n't be everywhere all the time . 
  we also ca n't take on every threat at the same time as well . 
  god forbid if russia and china got their act together and started coordinating their aggression the us could be stretched trying to respond to both threats . 
  in that case it falls on our allies to do some heavy lifting and prepare to meet that challenge . 
  our asian allies have stepped up with increased defense spending europe has not . 
  i agree the russian military is not nearly on the same page as most of europe . 
  i doubt they could blitzkrieg through eastern europe unchecked . 
  however , they are spending money and gaining capabilities they did n't have quickly . 
  while most of europe is cutting defense spending and loosing capabilities at the same time . 
  the b-52 is a marvelous airframe and does its mission well . 
  but do n't delude yourself , it 's a long range bomb truck that would be a sitting duck in a modern shooting war . 
  dropping 2000lb bombs on a bunch of hadjis sitting in the desert is a totally different game than penetrating a modern air defence network . 
  the b-52 has a few long range weapons ( it can carry lots of cruise missles ) and a nuclear strike capability which keep it on the books but that 's about it . 
  it 's no b-2 or even a b-1 , but that 's ok . 
  the point is loosing a few b-52s in the event of war would serve the same purpose as the us loosing the battleship fleet at pearl harbor . 
  we would n't be hurting too much military and it would rally civilian sentiment in favor of war . 
  i have no doubt they are sacrificial lambs . 
  giant 8 engined bombers from 60 years ago have no chance of survival in a modern conflict between ( roughly ) technologically equal militarys . 
  your right though , they are great tools for dick waiving why else would the us fly them through china 's new air defense identification zone the day it was announced . 
  meh , a dozen sixty year old planes and a smattering of ground forces will not keep putin in check if he decides to mix it up . 
  europe needs to spend more on defense . 
  it will take the us some time to build forces in the area and putin probably wo n't make the same mistakes that sadaam did in both wars and sit on his dick while the us piles up enough forces to steam roll him . 
  i have a feeling that war with russia would be quick and very fluid countries caught unprepared are not going to be given a chance to catch up . 
  they will be over-run . 
  interesting reading but i find it unlikely that russia and china could become firm allies in the same way that the us and europe or the us and japan are allies . 
  russia had to give away quite a lot to seal the deal for chinese gas sales . 
  conversely , russia does n't trust china enough to sell it their best military tech . 
  i would say they act on self interests when their interests overlap . 
  but that 's about as far as it goes . 
  i also would n't be surprised if there was n't some kinds of dispute between these countries for the eastern most portions russia 's territory during this century . 
  the greatest threat they could pose is if they were able to coordinate their international shenanigans and stretch the us 's ability to respond . 
  it 's not the american way to buy french ships built for russians . 
  it is the american way to spend more money developing better/faster/cooler ways to sink french ships built for russians . . 
  perhaps you may be right one day , but that day is not today . 
  we have a saying here in the us , `` cash , grass or ass nobody rides for free . '' . 
  if europe ca n't front her share of the cash for this ride we call nato what can she contribute ? 
  there is more to defense than just protecting your `` territorial integrity '' . 
  it 's said that `` amateurs talk about tactics , but professionals study logistics . '' . 
  the us navy currently patrols the worlds oceans keeping trade lanes open and allowing movement on the high seas . 
  if the us navy was n't constantly doing this how long do you think it would be before piracy sprouted in other places of the world . 
  a couple of battle groups or a flight of slbms will not secure the worlds oceans you will need more ships and more importantly the ability to deploy them across the globe . 
  otherwise international trade might come to a halt and europe 's economy will suffer . 
  what about regional powers like iran , china , russia , etc. 
  yes europe spends more than any one of these powers . 
  but does it have the capability to stop them from taking over or bullying their immediate rivals . 
  the tsunami in japan disrupted production across the globe . 
  how do you think europe 's economy would fair if china decided to even the score with japan , take over taiwan or deny access to the south china sea to her neighbors . 
  imagine what any one of those conflicts would do to the global economy . 
  without us assistance i doubt europe could deploy a battle group into the pacific successfully , let alone fight a shooting war . 
  what would happen if iran decided to invade a weakened iraq . 
  do you think for a second that saudi arabia would stand by and allow this ? 
  what happens to europe if the flow of oil from the persian gulf is cut off ? 
  even european cars , tanks and airplanes do n't run on sunshine ( yet ) . 
  could europe intervene to stop this , does europe have enough heavy lift capability to quickly move forces into the region to stabilize the situation or assist an ally ? 
  remember france one of your continents better military 's could n't deploy a small contingent of troops to africa without us help . 
  do you think europe could project an entire army on its own ? 
  granted i 'm war gaming and these are all extreme `` what if '' scenarios but in this interconnected world if you do n't have the ability to project force and protect your national interests abroad , you will find your economies and way of life threatened at home . 
  the world has lived under pax britannia and then pax americana for almost two hundred years . 
  old regional disputes and wars while not entirely eliminated are not something the world has had to think about . 
  some say wwi and wwii came about because of the power vacuum that existed between those two empires . 
  what could happen today without the presence of a single calming force on the world stage ? 
  europe could potentially fill that void , but it lacks the will power and the cohesiveness to do so . 
  i doubt it will attain either in at least a century . 
  sure you can renegotiate , just start funding and contributing to nato at the same level or above what the us contributes and you can have equal or better footing . 
  however most of europe ca n't even meet the minimum level of funding for their military under the current agreement .
