  it 's still the same currency . 
  some people will refuse to take scottish notes for no good reason . 
  insignificant changes . 
  it 's the same currency . 
  although , some stubborn people in other parts of the uk for some reason . 
  i 've never heard any good reason for refusing them . 
  they 're printing the same currency but they have their own banknotes with different designs depending on the bank . 
  they would still have to create a new currency or join the euro if they become independent . 
  that proves what i 've said . 
  scottish banks produce notes in pound sterling . 
  it 's the same currency used in england , wales , and northern ireland . 
  that 's not pound scots which was n't used after the 18th century . 
  the pound scots is n't dormant . 
  it does n't exist anymore . 
  scotland will have to create a new currency or join the euro if it becomes independent . 
  the lithuanian christian democrats got 36.4 % . 
  i did n't think that reddit liberals would vote for a christian party . 
  is this a sick joke ? 
  i wonder what jeremy corbyn 's opinion on venezuela is now . 
  sterling was doing better than the euro before brexit . 
  the uk would n't have joined if it voted to remain in the eu . 
  i laugh at him as well . 
  he put ketchup on an omelette which is disgusting in my opinion . 
  so you see how ridiculous it is . 
  gibraltar has been british for longer than it 's been spanish . 
  it was under the control of various peoples before it was spanish . 
  the people of gibraltar do not want to join spain so the spanish should leave them alone . 
  are you an idiot ? 
  gibraltar held a referendum and decided to remain a british overseas territory . 
  therefore , it is not a colony . 
  the uk is not imposing its will on the people who live there . 
  they can leave if they want . 
  also , the spanish have no leg to stand on when it comes to colonialism and white rule . 
  have you heard of south america ? 
  we 'll give gibraltar to spain when they give ceuta to morocco . 
   if there is no people in gibraltar , it will be spanish no . 
  it would still be british . 
   do n't think you can achieve anything using the force , the days of the british empire are so over , you cant use the force against the whole europe why would we use force unless spain invaded gibraltar ? 
  it 's not a colony . 
  the people chose to remain british . 
  all the country ? 
  i have nothing to answer for . 
  most british people did n't vote for ukip in the european elections even though they won . 
  i 'm assuming that 's a reference to the famine . 
  they 're only asking a question . 
  they had nothing to do with events that happened over a century ago . 
  why do n't you answer their question instead of insulting them based on their nationality . 
  are you like this with every british person ? 
  [ it 's called british thinking . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-oynbruxr0a ), 
  the uk has cider , gin , and whisky . 
  also , the uk produces ale which is a type of beer . 
  it 's a british overseas territory so that 's not going to happen unless you make an agreement with westminster which has authority over gibraltar 's defence . 
  akrotiri/dhekelia wo n't be interesting . 
  there 's not going to be any changes there . 
  gibraltar is n't a crown dependency . 
  it 's a british overseas territory . 
  but we do know about yemen . 
  the bbc , channel 4 , and sky have all reported on it . 
  the bbc leaked an amended report about the actions of saudi arabia . 
  two mps on the committee tried to water it down the original . 
  they wanted to remove the call for suspension of arms sales to saudi arabia . 
  the media also showed pictures of british made weapons in yemen . 
  the government are n't hiding anything . 
  they just do n't care . 
  yes . 
  and the centrist voters will flock to the lib dems if labour collapses and a new social democratic party does n't rise out of the ashes . 
  they 'll have no where else to go . 
  clegg was on the right of the party but he 's different than the average tory . 
  he does n't support the snoopers ' charter for one . 
  they 're campaigning to have a second referendum or parliamentary vote on the terms of exit . 
  i do n't want a second referendum because i this country will shoot itself in the foot again . 
  a parliamentary vote is the best shot at recovering something from this mess . 
  there 's lots . 
  they can get back the working class vote by supporting a hard brexit . 
  they can lose london and the other pro-eu areas of the country at the same time . 
  what middle class people should they appeal to ? 
  the middle class socialists or the middle class centrists . 
  the latter forms the majority . 
  several labour mps have called for immigration control to be made part of labour 's platform . 
  one of them is an mp in lambeth , london which voted nearly 80 % to remain in the eu . 
  i hope they do that because it will just open the door for the lib dems to retake seats in london . 
  the greens will not take their place . 
  centre and centre left voters will flock to the lib dems or a new social democratic party . 
  why would a centrist voter go to the greens ? 
  and some labour voters have gone to ukip . 
   instead of dragging the labour party back into the wilderness why could n't these new labour supporters go hijack the lib dems . 
  because they think we 're in the tories . 
  the lib dems are politically toxic these days . 
  i 'm sure a lot of people are sick of it but corbyn will never be in a position to change anything . 
  sunday roast is one and the uk is known for alcohol . 
  whisky , cider , ale , and gin . 
  the tories will be rolling out stuff like this is 2020 . 
  there 's nothing wrong with criticising the israeli government but how can corbyn claim to support peace between israel and palestine while he considers hamas to be among his friends . 
  this organisation has killed innocent israeli civilians but that 's fine because the israeli military has done the same . 
  corbyn would have to hold a vote on it . 
  the tories , lib dems , snp will vote to stay in . 
  he would face significant opposition from his own party . 
  labour are social democrats in the uk . 
  different countries have different definitions .
