  i do n't group austrians , germans , liechtensteiners/ins together . 
  every country is different in some way . 
  there are differences between people in countries such as the uk . 
  for example , london and everywhere else . 
  anyway , just keep sending your hot women to london . 
   i 'll be honest , without looking it up , i would struggle to name the slavic nations of europe . 
  ok russia is easy and we all know of the special relationship between serbia and russia , so serbia makes two . 
  after that , well i 'm guessing . 
  belarus , bosnia & herzegovina , bulgaria , croatia , czechia , macedonia , montenegro , poland , slovakia , slovenia . 
  belarus and ukraine should have been easy to get if you thought russia was easy . 
   belgium , spain , germany , italy & the uk have strong regional identities within the countries with different parts wanting different things . 
  with the exception of the uk ( scotland/wales/ni vs england ) , none of the differing parts could be seen as small enough to ignore on such a fundamental decision . 
  i 'm in favour of holding of holding a referendum on london being separated from england . 
  london is pro-eu for the most part . 
  i 'd hate for us to be ignored on such a fundamental decision as well . 
   first of all , this may sound dumb but not until recently had i discovered that britain is a part of eu . 
  i mean they do n't share the same currency . 
  also there 's a question of schengen , what is it and how is it different from eu ? 
  we have an opt-out from the euro . 
  and we 're not the only country that does n't use the euro . 
  bulgaria , croatia , czechia , denmark , poland , romania , and sweden do n't use the euro . 
   jfk , as we all know , got hit in houston . 
  was n't he killed in dallas ? 
  it 's just more nonsense from the leave side . 
  it does . 
  the uk or any other eu country is n't going to be forced to join an eu army against its will . 
  it would require the unanimous approval of all member states . 
  i 'm repeating it because that 's what the germans wanted and you keep disputing it . 
  they wanted to access the atlantic . 
  the battle of jutland was part of their attempt to do so . 
  i 'm not making this up so stop disputing it . 
   but the germans could not have accessed the atlantic even if they sunk every last of the british battleships . 
  the german high seas fleet was designed for the north sea and had a very short range . 
  oh my god . 
  why did they want to access the atlantic then ? 
  the germans had a different view to you . 
  they wanted to break the blockade of germany and allow german naval vessels access to the atlantic . 
  the british did not want the germans have access to the atlantic . 
  this culminated in the battle of jutland . 
  the british managed to contain the german fleet and keep the blockade in place . 
  they achieved their strategic goal and the germans did not . 
  therefore , it is a british strategic victory . 
   an invasion of the british islands is a particularly ridiculous idea . 
  the german army was barely holding the western front against the french-british numerical superiority . 
  where would they find a few million additional soldiers to invade britain ? 
  and what if things had changed on the continent ? 
  i 'm only speculating what could have happened if the germans achieved their goal of gaining access to the atlantic . 
   jutland was a battle of no strategic significance whatsoever . 
  but as a minor battle it was a british defeat . 
  it was and it was n't a british defeat . 
  the germans wanted to access the atlantic . 
  they had to defeat the british fleet in order to achieve this . 
  the british wanted to prevent germany from accessing the atlantic . 
  they had to defeat or contain the german fleet in order to achieve this . 
  the british contained the german fleet so they achieved their long-term goal . 
  that 's why it is considered a british strategic victory . 
  the germans did not defeat the british . 
  they would have accessed the atlantic and been in a position to invade britain if they had . 
  the germans tried to access them by defeating the british at the battle of jutland . 
  they did n't . 
  therefore , it was a strategic british victory because they achieved their long-term goal of preventing germany 's access to the atlantic . 
  it was a strategic victory because the german fleet could n't access britain and the atlantic . 
  you probably wo n't like it when your cities and towns are swamped with them . 
  i 'm sorry you had come to brent . 
  that 's probably why i did n't open the door . 
  i ca n't bare to look at it sometimes . 
  my house was n't included . 
  that 's a fucking disgrace . 
   he says , in english . 
  oh come on . 
  are you suggesting they ca n't say something is patriotic crap unless they speak in their own language ? 
  would you say the same to a new zealander if they said the article was patriotic crap ? 
  english is a global language . 
  it does n't belong to just england . 
  nor does french and german belong to just france and germany respectively . 
   if the uk is really as unimportant as the eurocrats say very few eurocrats think the uk is unimportant . 
  i think most people in the eu know the uk is important and would be a big loss for the eu . 
  remembering british soldiers . 
  i bet that was controversial . 
  we have that problem in london . 
  tourists stop and hold up everyone going about their business . 
  it 's really annoying but we wo n't make it known to you . 
  genoa 's flag is nice as well . 
  the 400,000 he 's referring to are citizens of commonwealth countries entitled to vote in the referendum . 
  the ossetians did not move to georgia recently . 
   i have n't had time to watch all the documentary yet , but if i remember correctly , ` white british ' is now less than 20 % of the population in that area ( i may be completely wrong , feel free to correct me ! ) . 
  the documentary was filmed in newham . 
  the 2011 census shows that 16.73 % of the population is white british . 
  it was 33.78 % in 2001 . 
  it 's not much lower than my own borough , brent . 
  18 % of the population is white british . 
  they did propose encouraging more people to take holidays in britain . 
  i do n't think that will work . 
  i do n't think a carbon tax will solve our capacity issues . 
  people still want/need to fly . 
  and i think a carbon tax will affect low-income people . 
  the benefit of a carbon tax is that would raise a lot of money which could be used to tackle climate change . 
  that 's why the imf have proposed it . 
  levies on air routes will would only be applicable to a small number of routes and will again affect people on low incomes . 
  i might ask her about how they intend to deal with the uk 's air capacity issue .
