  some of your irish need to get over the whole empire thing . 
  my ancestors suffered under it as well but i do n't hold a grudge against the uk and british people . 
  i 'm glad that was raised in this great country . 
  but you just continue to deflect the issue . 
  that 's a sign of being guilty . 
  i 'm not reading your links . 
  i know all about this stuff . 
  and stop putting words in my mouth . 
  maybe we 'll sort our issues when ireland sorts out it 's own dodgy tax dealings with multinationals . 
  they may very well chose to become independent if the uk forced them to adhere to british law . 
  they 're not european countries so the uk should n't force them to adhere to european norms . 
  i 'm sure britain does benefit from having them . 
  the uk does n't have control over their tax affairs . 
  they set their own tax laws . 
  you might not like these laws but they 're not doing anything illegal . 
  good luck with that . 
  the uk will be able to pull something from the mess that it 's created . 
  ireland would be economically fucked if it left the eu . 
  the government does have the power to assume direct rule but only if it 's necessary . 
  the uk did n't suspend the government of st kitts and nevis . 
  they are an independent country . 
  the uk suspended the government of the turks and caicos islands for systematic corruption . 
  the turks and caicos islanders were largely supportive of the move . 
  that would n't be the case in the other territories if the uk chose to impose direct rule and force them to adhere to british law . 
  also , it was labour who chose to impose direct rule over the turks and caicos islands . 
  edit : as for the city of london . 
  other european countries have similar things going on . 
  the irish certainly ca n't be pointing fingers on this issue . 
  it is . 
  they make for great places to store all our money . 
  none of them want to join the eu so they should n't have to adhere to eu law . 
  they are self-governing . 
  none of them are in the eu so they do n't adhere to eu law . 
  it 's not my union anymore . 
  the eu does give direct funding . 
  not as much as the us but then it 's not a federation like you . 
   im talking direct aid/direct funding not low price loans or subsidies . 
  they do receive direct funding . 
   either transfer money to poorer and less prosperous states , as almost all unions from the us to brazil to germany does . 
  the eu does do that . 
  ireland has been a beneficiary of eu funds in the past when it was n't a wealthy country . 
  i thought were a abkhazians are distinct ethnic group . 
  i do n't think you can compare the abkhazian situation to moldova and macedonia . 
  the british overseas territories are british . 
  the uk government is responsible for more than their defence . 
  the british government can actually suspend the government in the overseas territories if it 's necessary . 
  that happened in the turks and caicos several years ago . 
  anguilla , bermuda , british virgin islands , cayman islands , and turks and caicos islands are british overseas territories so they are british . 
   also you may want to work on your counting because : anguilla , antigua and barbuda , bahamas , barbados , bermuda , british virgin islands , cayman islands , cook islands , turks and caicos islands adds up to more than four . 
  antigua and barbuda , bahamas , barbados , and the cook islands are independent countries so they 're not british . 
   jersey - in eu * `` jersey has a special relationship with the european union ( eu ) . 
  in simple terms , the island is treated as part of the european community for the purposes of free trade in goods , but otherwise is not a part of the eu . 
  '' * http://www.gov.je/government/jerseyworld/internationalaffairs/pages/relationshipeuanduk.aspx#anchor-2  guernsey - in eu * `` guernsey has a special relationship with the eu provided by protocol 3 to the uk 's treaty of accession to the european economic community in 1972 . 
  under protocol 3 , the island is part of the customs territory of the european union . 
  the common customs tariff , levies and other agricultural import measures therefore apply to trade between the island and non-member states . 
  there is free movement of goods and trade between the island and member states . 
  guernsey is not , however , part of the single market in financial services and , as a result , is not required to implement european union directives on such matters as movement of capital , company law or money laundering . 
  '' * https://www.gov.gg/guernseyandtheworld  isle of man - in eu * `` as a crown dependency , the isle of man is not part of the united kingdom or european union . 
  the tynwald passes its own legislation with the assent of the crown granted in the privy council . 
  '' * http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-18251379, 
  possibly . 
  but that should n't be a concern . 
  you know what they meant so stop being pedantic . 
  there was a conflict between the british and jews . 
  the uk decided to leave and i think the un took over . 
  the british commander said * '' ( we ) will be punishing the jews in a way the race dislikes as much as any , by striking at their pockets and showing our contempt of them . 
  this does n't surprise me . 
  the uk and israel have never been good friends despite both being close allies of the us . 
  and the uk is no position to wag fingers considering it sells arms to nations like saudi arabia . 
  edit : the uk sold arms to argentina before the war . 
  they were using british destroyers and an aircraft carrier . 
  is that because the uk controls gibraltar ? 
  the uk has been in the wrong many times throughout it 's history but that was n't one of them . 
  argentina was being ruled by a military junta who sent hundreds of young men to their deaths for nothing . 
   like , stripping those who play for the turkish nt from their german passport . 
  really ? 
  i do n't give a fuck about british people playing for the irish football team . 
   citizenship defines fuck all , blood and culture does . 
  maybe in your country but not in many others . 
  i love having multiple citizenship . 
  i did n't go passport shopping . 
  i qualified for multiple citizenship through my parents . 
   also kind of wondering : what fraction of / r/europe subscribers with european flair own non-european passports ? 
  i do . 
  many of my friends do as well . 
  mostly caribbean and african nations . 
  no , he would n't . 
  winning swing states is the best opportunity for someone to become president . 
  these states usually swing back and forth between centrist candidates . 
  clinton may win georgia . 
  she appeals more to republicans there than their own presidential candidate . 
  there 's no way sanders would have a chance at beating trump in georgia . 
  he saved the world . 
   it is n't a coincidence that basically only brits were getting mad at the unified eu medals count . 
  did you read the comments on the thread at all ? 
  there were non-brits who pointed out that it was silly . 
  also , saying something is silly does n't mean you 're mad . 
   you guys continue to live in the past . 
  some brits live in the past . 
  but you just continue to paint us all with the same brush .
