  the opening ceremony will be quicker but the games will still go on for about two weeks . 
  the places of eu countries will be occupied by other countries . 
  i would n't . 
  the uk is successful enough competing on its own . 
  he is british . 
  he spent most of his youth here . 
  he considers the uk his home . 
  the games would n't be quicker and certainly not more interesting in my opinion . 
  do you think the french would be happy with british athletes getting chosen in favour of their athletes ? 
  we would n't be able to send out entire track team in an eu team . 
  i do n't think the eu would dominate the olympics this much if it were to compete as one nation . 
  they would have a similar number of athletes as the us or china . 
  many of the successful british athletes would n't have competed . 
  yes . 
  america does have a lot of good landscapes . 
  along with a lot of people acting like idiots . 
  that wwe-style stuff puts me off . 
  it 's not an important ship stop . 
  and fishing sustains them but it 's nothing to us . 
  what trade relations ? 
  the falkland islands are n't essential to our trade relations with south america . 
  it is n't important for the british economy . 
  it could be if the oil exploration turns out well but that has n't happened yet . 
  i 'm not taking the moral high ground . 
  most argentines are descended from european colonists . 
  i wonder how they got there . 
  the falkland islands have been british since the mid 1800s . 
  the people who live there identify as british and voted to remain an overseas territory . 
  the falkland islanders are british citizens . 
  and argentina has no right to that soil . 
  / r/unitedkingdom is not representative of the uk . 
  otherwise , we would n't have voted to leave the eu . 
  the polls are really bad for corbyn . 
  he did n't support the falklands war as well . 
  i think he said something about thatcher using it to boost her popularity . 
  fine . 
  but that 's still a ridiculous reason not to support protecting british citizens from a dictatorship . 
  he also said that it was a mistake to admit former warsaw pact countries into nato and advocating a ukraine deal for them . 
  this man seems intent on giving the next two elections to the tories on a silver platter . 
  i think you need to visit a cesspool . 
  most of the city is n't a toilet . 
  and stop eating in shit places . 
  what do you mean ? 
  jeremy clarkson deserved to be fired . 
  you ca n't punch a co-worker and expect to get away with it . 
  corbyn is not a popular among the electorate . 
  the conservatives would win an larger majority if there was an election tomorrow . 
   i mean , a big chunk of the country ( also the richest ) wants its independance already , maybe they should focus on this . 
  the uk has already set an example for spain in this area . 
   yes , as i mentioned elsewhere , the assumption is that force feeding is unnecessarily cruel . 
  i do n't think any animal should be force fed so people can enjoy a delicacy . 
  you could still eat the liver from a goose that has n't been force fed . 
  that 's the issue people have . 
  i think it 's a good thing that production of foie gras has been banned in the uk . 
  and cider . 
  that strikes at the heart of france . 
  it does n't matter but it the media will generally use `` wounded '' when it 's an attack . 
  i am sure . 
  and we 've improved a lot since then under a new coach . 
  jousting is the official sport of maryland so i do n't think it matters . 
  we 're not shit at union . 
  england won the six nations and beat australia in a test series . 
  we 're second in the world rankings . 
  england won the six nations beat australia three times so we 're much better than we were last year . 
  eddie jones has turned things around . 
  i know . 
  corbyn is a nice person . 
  he means well . 
  i just disagree with much of his foreign policy . 
  he can not hope to leader until he sorts his own party out . 
  i disagree with theresa may on a lot but she proved in the trident debate that she is a confident leader who can inspire confidence . 
  that 's what we need right now . 
  i think corbyn would be out of his depth if he had to meet with angela merkel and other world leaders . 
  he did that by voting to not renew trident . 
  it needs replacing if we are to keep our nuclear deterrent . 
  we need to negotiations between the nuclear states before we consider getting rid of trident . 
  also , it does n't matter what he 'd do . 
  corbyn has no chance of becoming pm . 
  giving up a nuclear deterrent without no assurances that other nations will do the same is useless . 
  it requires every nation getting around a table and making a deal . 
  mad prevents another large scale conflict because no nation is willing to risk it . 
  even the russians are n't willing to see their country burn . 
  i 'll support giving up our nuclear deterrent when russia , china , india , pakistan , france , the us , and israel do the same . 
   i do n't mind doing one 's duty to nato , but not wanting to seek conflict and not want to follow us on their militarist spree around the world is a sign of reason than weakness . 
  nato 's main insurance policy is nukes . 
  you do n't want nukes on your soil but want to be protected by nations which do have them . 
  you want to retain your cake and eat it too . 
   as for nukes - i do n't think there 's a single reasonable reason for uk or any other country for that matter to keep them , unless you want to end the world as it is . 
  the risk of mad prevents another world war . 
   if you want peace but at the same time would n't hesitate to create and use nukes you 're simply a hypocrite in my mind . 
  i want peace but i would n't hesitate to support military action if it 's absolutely necessary . 
  that does not make me a hypocrite because i do n't go around claiming to be a pacifist . 
  every country in nato wants peace but none hesitate to create/buy and use weapons . 
  brexit has damaged our standing on the international stage but the uk still has a lot soft power . 
  i 'm not sure how this justifies giving up our nukes and reducing the size of our armed forces . 
  poland and the rnato would not be happy about that . 
  i think many people like his domestic policies but his foreign policy lets him down . 
  * he 's opposed to a nuclear deterrent . 
  * his views on nato . 
  * he thinks we should have negotiations with argentina over the falkland islands .
