  it depends on what part of the political spectrum that your country falls in . 
  there were only two candidates so fptp has nothing to do with it . 
  you either voted for one or the other . 
  i 'm not making silly comparison . 
  it all depends on the person . 
  you made a blanket statement and said british people were anti-social which is not true . 
  i 'm going to add to this . 
  i do n't mind tea from other countries but english/irish tea is horrible . 
  i occasionally drink coffee but the instant coffee that many british people drink is rotten . 
  i also ca n't stand red/brown sauce and mayonnaise . 
  and i do n't like fry-ups . 
  i 'm sure you can tell by now that i 'm not popular among northerners . 
  i 'm the son of immigrants . 
  i would n't feel comfortable going to some parts of the country given some of the views i heard prior and after referendum . 
   like i said , if anything about how you 're describing people in the uk is even remotely true it is n't . 
  most british people are n't anti-social . 
  i think is a problem is with him , not the people around him . 
  how can expect british people to enjoy your company if you hate their culture and country ? 
  perhaps the people around him have figured that out and thus do n't want anything to do with him . 
  i ca n't say i would blame them . 
   i 'm not a lad , i 'm not white most british people are n't lads and 13 % of the population is n't white so i do n't know why you feel you do n't fit in . 
  unless you 're living in some racist , backwards shit hole . 
   i have a deep hatred for the culture of the uk what exactly do you hate ? 
   the thing i hate the most is how anti social people in the uk are where are you living ? 
  this has not been my experience . 
  i would say british people are very social in general . 
  i 'm not going to have a discussion with an irish person who still has a chip on their shoulder . 
  the decline in military spending and military personnel is alarming . 
  if , god forbid , corbyn becomes pm , then things will become worse . 
  he wants to cut spending on the military even further , leave nato , and said taxpayers should be able to opt out of funding the military . 
  they have a long way to go yet . 
  dublin is n't anyway near the scale of london . 
  over 75 % of non-ferrous metals are traded in london according to the london metal exchange . 
  i 'm not sure where they 're getting the figure of 98 % from . 
  i do n't think the figure would be that high even with trading of precious metals added . 
  i think people are too harsh on him . 
  it was a coalition government . 
  you 're not going to get everything you want . 
  and britain gave you tea which you all seem to keep going on about . 
  they 're talking about area , not population . 
  alaska is the largest state in the union but it is the 4th least populated state . 
  we do have a centrist party . 
  it 's the liberal democrats . 
  they do n't have any infighting and seem to be the only party talking sense . 
  a lot of people have n't forgiven them for forming a coalition with the tories or for decisions they made in the coalition . 
  in particular , a lot of young people have n't forgiven them for agreeing to an increase in student fees . 
  the lib dems got punished at the last election even though they stopped the tories from introducing a lot of their policies . 
  the poll was n't done by christian today . 
  it was done by comres . 
  the former are just reporting it . 
  i 'll have a word with my colleagues in leadenhall street and see what i can do . 
  he should be addressing the prime minister . 
  higgins does n't have any power over ireland 's tax laws . 
  it wo n't make any difference . 
  thousands of british business people and tourists visit argentina every year . 
  i 'd have no problem visiting argentina while they still claim the falklands . 
  and they lost 649 people . 
  britain will never get back the 255 people it lost as well . 
   english queen ? 
  the royal family do n't have a german name anymore . 
  it is meaningless . 
  i do n't give a fuck about the mayor of london 's name being sadiq khan . 
   i think it will go to ireland . 
  it wo n't . 
  the uk and ireland resolved the dispute over rockall . 
  it lies within our eez . 
   we need ito take some sea zone from cornwall so we have direct and closer sea access to france good luck with that . 
  i know what you mean . 
  i see it in suits . 
  i prefer italian/french style . 
  they look more modern . 
  british style ones tend be more , as you said , classy . 
  i see . 
  although , marks and spencer is mostly used by middle aged and older people . 
  but , we 're not . 
  the uk wants to get rid of assad . 
  some people do . 
  lots of people do n't . 
  especially younger people . 
  this all depends on your definition of conservative . 
  hundreds of thousands of people work in the city . 
  i do n't think all of them are n't doing a day 's work . 
   their manner of dress seems somewhat outdated you must have been visiting a village full of older people . 
  [ do you think this sounds like someone who regrets their decision ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nsijwrwikck ) and paul ryan 's opinion means fuck all in the us since he screwed himself over . 
   maybe that money goes to poor foreigners and not locals ? 
  cornwall is one the areas that receives eu funding and it 's 95.7 % white british so no . 
  pembrokeshire : 97 % white british . 
  carmarthenshire : 95.6 % white british . 
  cumbria : 95.1 % white british . 
  that 's a terrible idea . 
  jeremy is showing his true colour . 
  the labour party is probably going to split because the differences are n't going to be resolved after the election . 
  as for nationalisation . 
  the french and germans seem to get around owning their own rail operators . 
  now they 've experienced what many non-elite londoners have . 
  not until ireland stops giving dodgy deals to multinationals . 
  it is awesome . 
  and it 's just a username so take it easy . 
  i 'm just pointing out that you 're a hypocrite .
