  even then , this is very small time news at best and it 's hyped up to the point of ridiculousness . 
  it is a part of the dress code but should it ? 
  i and many others do n't think it should . 
  she can do her job in flats just fine and i doubt clients will care if her shoes are professional . 
   it 's a stupid question i do n't think it is a stupid question . 
  men are n't expected to wear shoes which could potentially cause permanent damage to their feet . 
   we are supposed to feel sorry for her because she 's a woman experiencing mild discomfort . 
  heels can cause a lot more than mild discomfort . 
   she 's not working in a mine getting her lungs blackened by inhaling poisonous fumes , she 's working in london in the service sector . 
  come on already . 
  that 's a ridiculous comment . 
  regularly wearing high heels can cause pain and potentially permanent damage to women 's feet . 
  so you can dismiss this women all you want but why do n't you actually look up why women may not want to wear heels if they 're standing on their feet for most of the day . 
  tie and heels can not be compared . 
  regularly wearing heels can be painful and potentially cause permanent damage to women 's feet . 
  ties are only uncomfortable . 
  saying that , i 've never had an issue with wearing ties . 
  they are only uncomfortable if you tie it too tight and have the wrong size collar . 
  she 's the queen of the united kingdom . 
  ethnically she 's mix of a few european nations , not just german . 
  [ apart from this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1890_british_ultimatum ) . 
  i would wash the mud off my hands with soap first . 
  they 're not inferior in pubs . 
  the use of pints in pubs does not cause any problems . 
  so you 're british for the time being . 
  there was no need for this comment then since the op said british . 
   you did n't ask me , but when does anyone ask scotland anything so what the hell, 
  good for them . 
  we do use litres and metres as well . 
  why should we change from pints to litres in pubs ? 
  it does n't cause any problems . 
  i 'll just let you ramble on to yourself . 
  he was defeated by the uk so no . 
  we do . 
  just not for draught beer and cider . 
  bottles will be sold in litres . 
   ireland is the same as the uk . 
  lots of great local breweries , nothing decent the rest of the world knows about . 
  i think we are ahead of them when it comes to beer . 
  a lot of tourists will go to a pub to drink a pint of ale . 
  ireland is mostly known for guinness . 
  that can be a good or bad thing depending on who you talk to . 
  i personally do n't think that guinness is all that it is made out to be . 
  british pubs do n't use american pints . 
  yes . 
  rowlands was raised caerphilly , wales . 
  they have n't paid for this motorway . 
  are you purposely being obtuse ? 
  i 've got a better idea . 
  how about the tories pay for it ? 
  or we could just remain in the eu and then wales will get eu funding . 
   i 'm praying something to help us who did n't want to leave the eu out can be arranged . 
  i never asked for these rights to be taken away from me . 
  realistically an easier to get work visa for 18-35 's ( like no labour market test needed or something ) it does n't sit right with me that people will now have the rights afforded to them by the eu stripped away from them by a popular vote . 
  but i doubt that anything can be done about it . 
  he seems to think the boe is one of the private banks which were bailed out . 
  [ lbc is n't going well for him anymore . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/nov/27/nigel-farage-lbc-phone-in-politics-sketch ), 
  that 's a man we really want to be dealing with . 
  i 'm sure the tories will love him because he shares their views of going after the welfare state , privatisation , and preventing people from accessing affordable healthcare . 
   the us wants a trade agreement with us . 
  is this an idea by same person who also wants nigel farage to be our ambassador ? 
  do n't start crying , you child . 
   the difference is , i can speak from experience in both continents , you ca n't  good for you . 
  it does n't mean the other people are wrong which is trying to imply . 
   and i 'm sorry but you definitely have tiny malformed genitals , you halfwit . 
  nope but you 're still a cunt . 
   europe is great , but it 's no utopia like so many of you are trying to make out , based on your annual 2 weeks in prague or whatever . 
  nor is australia . 
  and i 've did n't say europe is a utopia and neither has anyone else . 
  and i 've never been to prague . 
   and you 're a halfwit with tiny , malformed genitals in my opinion . 
  toodle pip old bean . 
  nope but you 're definitely a cunt . 
   the thing is , i 've lived in london for 10 years . 
  i 've lived in london my whole life . 
   i 'm stuck living in an overcrowded , drizzly , crime-ridden shit-hole , probably in zone 4 , queuing in the rain for a bus while surrounded by chicken bones and pound shops , marvelling at the amazing culture . 
  do n't live in a crime ridden shit hole then . 
   been there , done that , it 's all about lifestyle for me these days . 
  and many people prefer the european lifestyle . 
  you seem to determined to point out that you are right and everyone else is wrong . 
  you 're a stuck up cunt in my opinion . 
   i 've visited all those cities and i think sydney is better than all of them , unless you just like sitting in cafes and going to clubs . 
  sitting in cafes and going to clubs is not all there is to do in london or any of the other cities that were mentioned . 
  that 's a ridiculous thing to say . 
  did the obr take into account us leaving the single market as you want ? 
  where is the growth going to benefit ? 
  are wages going to remain stagnant ? 
  growth is all well and good but adding more low wage jobs to the economy is n't a benefit . 
   less than two years ago the lib dems were in government . 
  they got 8 % of the vote and have just over 1 % of the seats . 
  the tories won this election on 36 % of the vote . 
  we 're a great example of democracy in action . 
  sure a third party will be able to capitalise on the unpopularity of the tories or labour in some elections and may even force a coalition but our system is designed to benefit the tories and labour . 
   if the lib dems really embraced liberalism i would likely vote for them . 
  but they do n't . 
  i take it you mean classical economic liberalism or neoliberalism as it is known nowadays . 
  sorry to burst your bubble here but i have to inform you that laissez-faire economics and austerity does n't work . 
  it makes things worse in the long run . 
  liberalism is a broad ideology .
