  * he may reduce reduce the size of our armed forces . 
  his supporters will defend him by saying he was opposed to the iraq war which shows he want take britain into unnecessary wars . 
  that 's great but he was n't the only politicians who opposed the war nor does it justify shrinking our armed forces , thus making the uk weaker . 
  good . 
  but the snp wo n't be happy . 
  or maybe they will because they can use trident as another reason to justify holding an independence referendum . 
  when did ireland deport criminals to british colonies ? 
  the snp said they would keep the monarchy in the last referendum . 
  you care enough to have large marches against water charges . 
  sultan erdogan will find a way . 
  he 's been eroding turkish democracy ever since he came to power . 
  stop repeating that . 
  erdogan wants to reintroduce it . 
  that 's what his supporters want . 
  and i doubt any opposition party will be able to stop him after this failed coup . 
  i do n't think it 's controversial either . 
  there is an argument to be made for learning mandarin over german or french . 
  not while the threat of the death penalty and torture is still present . 
  scotland would still be a monarchy if it became independent . 
  i never claimed it was n't them . 
  you made a claim so it 's up to you to provide evidence . 
  i 'll just wait until more information before making judgements . 
  the answer is no then . 
   turkey : islamist faction within the military tried to overthrow the democratically elected representatives of the people and usurp the power . 
  do you have any evidence to prove g\u00fclen and his supporters were involved ? 
  i suspect the next powder keg to go off in the middle east will have significant kurdish involvement . 
  iraqi kurdistan is holding an independence referendum this year and turkey is very annoyed with the syrian kurds because they crossed the euphrates and are trying to set up their own state . 
  turkey has vowed to not let that happen . 
  now that you mention the pkk . 
  i suspect the next powder keg to go off in the middle east will involve the kurds . 
  i was watching a documentary the other day about the kurds fighting isis . 
  the journalist presenting it said iraqi kurdistan is holding an independence referendum and the turkish government are not happy with the syrian kurds because they crossed the euphrates and are trying to set up their own state . 
  turkey has vowed not let them do that . 
  you do n't need to meddle in other countries ' affairs in order to contain them . 
  the government can reintroduce it . 
  i 'm sure erdogan will find someone else to blame . 
  i 'm sure they 're joking . 
  still , the us should n't extradite him regardless of his ideology . 
  i do n't think the us will extradite gulen unless turkey can provide concrete evidence to prove he was behind it . 
  i wonder if erdogan will keep to his word . 
  not much . 
  there is n't much information coming in from ankara . 
  all the focus is on him in istanbul . 
  erdo\u011fan said his hotel on the aegean coast was bombed after he left . 
  it 's unknown . 
  the media is focused on istanbul . 
  i can see it now . 
  erdo\u011fan said `` turkey is not the old turkey anymore '' . 
  that 's not a good thing . 
  turkey is going downhill at a much faster rate after this . 
  more ammunition for middle eastern instability . 
  flair up if you want people to know where you 're from . 
  i do n't think many people will be heading to turkey in the near future . 
  go on youtube and watch sky news uk . 
  sky news reporting that an explosion has occurred at ataturk airport . 
  they keep mentioning it but the presenter on sky news said said it 's odd that they have n't seen any pictures or videos of wreckage . 
  is there any evidence of this helicopter being shot down ? 
  was that the woman who 's a member of his party ? 
  this is fucking brilliant . 
  most young people did n't bother to vote so they responsible as well . 
  they contributed to having their future changed by not doing anything . 
  the irony . 
  ireland . 
  enough to oppose may as leader . 
  i think that 's unfair . 
  the blame can be placed on a lot of people . 
  cameron , farage , labour , johnson , and a lot of idiots . 
  although , some of juncker 's comment in the past were n't helpful . 
   this is nonsense , boris has no choice and he will go through with the brexit . 
  boris is done if he activates article 50 . 
  we 'll have to keep freedom of movement in order to remain in the single market . 
  except we 're now outside the eu so we have no say in brussels while still paying fees . 
  that means the referendum was pointless . 
  they were a part of england when the union was formed . 
  there 's version of the flag which includes a reference to wales that looks good . 
  i doubt it . 
  she wanted us to remain so i do n't think many anti-eu mps will accept her . 
  the presenter 's reaction is the best part . 
  they will be soon . 
  so why bother executing him then ? 
  it seems pointless if he powerless . 
  and now the labour infighting has begun . 
  there 's going to be a lot of morbid entertainment in the next several months . 
  a lot of people are saying that cameron should n't have held a referendum but he had no choice . 
  he had to satisfy the eurosceptic mps in his party and prevent ukip from winning more seats . 
  his mistake was assuming that the tories would n't win a majority . 
  he probably thought they would have to form another coalition with the lib dems . 
  one of the lib dem 's conditions for a coalition would be no referendum on the eu , thus absolving him of any responsibility . 
  he could just say that 's the price of a coalition . 
   and a new labour leader . 
  corbyn will win another leadership election . 
  he 's very popular among labour members . 
  his supporters will be galvanised if he wins again . 
  they wo n't win an election under corbyn though . 
  he was the complete opposite of farage . 
  he probably did n't think cameron was going to resign and realised how hard things are going to be in the coming months . 
  cameron made a good move today . 
  boris and gove contributed to the end of his career so he 's making things difficult for them . 
  surely you 've realised by now that politicians have a talent for lying ? 
  he should n't have said that .
