they are n't an integral part of our country but i would n't consider them colonies . 
  they mostly do their own thing but still have a connection to the uk . 
  the caribbean territories and the falkland islands have positive views of the uk . 
  the chagos islanders do n't . 
  that 's understandable considering what happened to them . 
  i do n't like the european flag because i think it is bland . 
   would it be a flag you would display in your home like your country 's flag ? 
  i would n't fly the union jack in my home . 
   especially in somewhere like europe where as a european you probably interact with more people from outside your country regularly anyway ? 
  that 's not true unless you 're living in a place with a high foreign-born population . 
  most people will primarily interact with others from their country . 
  why do you keep dodging the question ? 
  a combination of factors . 
  you can read about it on wikipedia . 
  why did you make this post ? 
  are you an irish-american ? 
  i suppose you 'll be expecting some irish people to come and back up you up . 
  why did you make this post , op ? 
  the use of the highest regnal number has been the case de facto since the act of union 1707 . 
  for example , william iv . 
  george would be alexander iv if he chooses to use the aforementioned name . 
  her regnal number is ii in scotland as well . 
  how do we make libya an eu protectorate without invading it ? 
  he 's wrong . 
  i 'm a londoner and i can assure that there 's lots of things to see and do in the city . 
  and in the rest of the country as well . 
  he sounds like a twat . 
  i would stick to london then . 
  it 's a big city with a lot of stuff to see and do . 
  you could take a day trip to brighton . 
  it is worth exploring outside london . 
  there are other good cities in england . 
  depends on how much time you have . 
  the police would find my body in the thames if i ever gave my italian friend a pizza with ketchup on it . 
  i do n't think any of those names are lame . 
  it 's just quicker to use the shorter version . 
  it 's another abomination from the people who deep fried a mars bar . 
  i do n't understand how anyone can be pro-ttip or anti-ttip until they know the full details of the agreement . 
  have you flown to europe from the uk ? 
  my passport is checked every time . 
  german . 
  i ca n't give you an example but here are two articles about the bbc having a right wing bias . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2014/mar/17/bbc-leftwing-bias-non-existent-myth http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/politics/jeremy_corbyn/11870998/over-50000-people-sign-petition-saying-that-the-bbc-is-biased-against-jeremy-corbyn.html, 
  the bbc is regularly accused by people from both the left and right wings of favouring the other wing . 
  that 's not what they 're saying . 
  most of the british overseas territories are inhabited and self-governing . 
  we can try to control the internal affairs of the british overseas territories but they 'll tell us to fuck off and declare independence . 
  then we ca n't do anything about it . 
  i 'm not suggesting that . 
  i am suggesting , like many others , that an all-out war is the worst possible thing that can happen . 
  nothing good will come of it . 
  you may succeed in taking the region but you 'll have to deal with lots of armenians who will refuse to live under azeri rule . 
  it 's is better than an all-out war in which thousands of people would die . 
  neither option is a good thing . 
  i do know know that an all-out war should be avoided . 
  this brings me back to my original point . 
  the region does not need another all out war . 
  it will make things a lot worse than they already are . 
  it 's people like you , from both sides , who ensure the continuation of this conflict . 
   that 's not gon na happen . 
  i read their news . 
  basic medication is frequently unavailable , hunger level is among the highest in post-soviet states . 
  and we gon na invest in that region . 
  it will happen . 
  armenians in nagorno-karabakh and azeris do n't like eachother . 
  that 's not going to change after you take the region back . 
  and it does n't work like that . 
  the argentines could everything to the falkland islanders and the latter would still refuse to be a part of argentina . 
  how do you know that azeri investment is going to benefit armenians and not just the azeris that will settle in the region ? 
  the azeri government have n't treated armenians well in the past ? 
   those who gon na break the law should suffer the consequences according to law . 
  are you going to arrest thousands of people and put them in jail ? 
  good luck with that . 
   and did you ask the same question to armenians when they were capturing karabakh and the surrounding areas ? 
  i would if i were talking to an armenian . 
  i 'm aware of what they did as well . 
   it 's not `` another war '' . 
  another all out war in the region then . 
   i hope not what armenians did with azerbaijanis who refused to accept their rule in azerbaijan . 
  these people are n't going to accept your rule . 
  they 're going to cause as much trouble as they possibly can . 
  what do you with them ? 
   this time at least we got something back . 
  i hope we will get more . 
  another war is just what the region needs . 
  do n't worry about all those innocent people who will die as a result . 
  what is your government going to do with the armenians who refuse to accept azeri rule ? 
  you 're really scraping hard at the bottom of the barrel now . 
  you 're scraping the bottom of the barrel now . 
  because the azeri population was n't bigger than the armenian population . 
  it showed an increase in the azeri population which meant azeris were settling in the region up until the war broke out . 
  every census recorded an increase in the proportion of azeris living in nagorno-karabakh so they were doing a poor job of favouring armenians if that 's what you 're implying . 
   it did n't always have an armenian majority . 
  the region did always have an armenian majority . 
  censuses in 1926 , 1939 , 1959 , 1970 , 1979 , and 1989 recorded an armenian majority . 
   and i will be satisfied when we will regain total control over it . 
  you wo n't regain total control over the region without a bloody war . 
   and it seems like we 've already started regaining it . 
  great . 
  another war is what the region needs .
