  you 'll be exceeding your daily amount after a few drinks . 
  calling them ciders is generous . 
  i do n't think they or even companies like bulmers should be able to get away with loading their drinks with that much sugar . 
  people are warned against drinking too much coke . 
  a bottle or can a day is bad enough . 
  drinking several bottles of kobbarberg is like drinking several bottles of coke a day . 
  this is an issue which extends to other drinks and food as well . 
  but that 's just me . 
   shitty bottled cider that should not be called cider it 's everywhere these days . 
   our cider does n't compare to scandinavian cider , though . 
  their cider is like ambrosia , ours is quite bitter in comparison . 
  their cider borders on alcopop territory . 
  it 's loaded with sugar . 
  i thought bulmers and strongbow were bad enough but brands like kopparberg takes the biscuit . 
  england and wales have a lot of small cideries which produce good quality cider . 
  most of it is dry but you can get sweet ciders as well . 
  many of them produce ciders mixed with other fruits if you want a sweeter cider but do n't want to consume your daily recommended amount of sugar in a few pints . 
  shout out to france and spain as well . 
  they produce good cider as well . 
  it 's on the rise in some of the outer parts where ukip do well . 
  san marino is the oldest nation in europe . 
  i never pushed the point further . 
  you did . 
  i simply said that the crown estate belongs to the monarch which is right . 
  once again , there is no need for your lecture . 
  you were disputing what i said the entire time . 
  i said it technically belongs to the queen and i was right so there was no need for your lectures . 
  https://www.thecrownestate.co.uk/our-business/faqs/#whoownsthecrownestate  the crown estate ** belongs ** to the reigning monarch ` in right of the crown ' , that is , it is owned by the monarch for the duration of their reign , by virtue of their accession to the throne . 
  but it is not the private property of the monarch - it can not be sold by the monarch , nor do revenues from it belong to the monarch . 
  i know about the crown estate . 
  it still technically belongs to the queen . 
  the crown estate does belong to the monarch . 
  no , that does n't mean that all government property belongs to them if that 's what 's you 're trying to say . 
  so my point is n't mute . 
  and trident renewal is a good thing . 
  it 's worth the money . 
  the government could invest money into the nhs if they wanted to but they choose not to . 
  we have people on the streets , an unfunded health service , and taxpayers struggling because of the tories ' policies . 
  it has nothing to do with the royals ' salaries . 
  the money they earn will be drop in the ocean . 
  and i did n't say they got their money from the crown estate directly . 
  the crown estate is why they are given a salary by the government . 
  the monarchs can refuse royal assent but the last one to do so was queen anne . 
  it will never happen because it would really unpopular unless the public was on their side . 
  changing the constitution ( we do n't have a codified one so that would be a lot of acts to repeal ) would require a referendum and there 's no chance this country will vote to become a republic . 
  also , the cost of the royal family is nothing in the grand scheme of things . 
  their salaries are paid for by the crown estate . 
  what country ? 
  i want to know if they think that as well . 
  nearly half the country voted to remain and not all the 52 % are crybabies with a superiority complex . 
  many of them just do n't want to be a part of the eu and think we 'll be fine on our own . 
  cheese ( the proper kind ) , maybe some vegetables , no sauce . 
  i speak a blend of [ multicultural london english ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/multicultural_london_english ) and [ estuary english ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/estuary_english ) . 
  mle is generally spoken by working class people and is replacing cockney as the working class accent of london . 
  it has a lot of differences compared to other english dialects because it was heavily influenced by the many immigrant communities in london . 
  idris elba speaks a mild version of mle . 
  estuary english is generally spoken by middle class people . 
  it 's a broad term . 
  it 's anything between working class southeastern english accents and rp . 
  [ this is an example of one of the various estuary english dialects ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9hdy3rzjnxm ) . 
  i say that i speak a blend of both because i grew up in a middle class household and i was surrounded by people who spoke both dialects in the area that i lived and at school so i adopted elements of both . 
  [ doc brown explains it ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ympi2mdabum ) . 
  except for [ this business ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1890_british_ultimatum ) in africa . 
  depends on where you 're coming from . 
  lincoln can be easily reached from london . 
  it 's only about 2 hours with one change . 
  that would have been hilarious in a morbid way . 
  the british would probably have occupied dublin within a week or two . 
  but it 's good that something like that never happened because it would have led to more unnecessary bloodshed . 
  not to take credit away from the portuguese but they did have help from the british . 
  oldest alliance in the world that is still in force . 
  there seems to be many people who think that england conquered scotland . 
  they 're in new york city . 
  afghanistan is too unstable and dominated by the us so no . 
  iran is very unlikely . 
  both mongolia and azerbaijan are a possibility . 
  and north korea definitely wo n't join . 
  yes . 
  probably . 
  i think it will expand to all the central asian countries at some point . 
   what about if such reform ( eventually ) indeed occurs , though ? 
   then it could be a success but we 'll see . 
   why exactly , though ? 
  i just have a feeling that it 's not going to lead to anything substantial without economic and political reform , especially in russia . 
  the eu , the us are critical of it as well . 
  they have . 
  i 'm sceptical of about the union . 
  nazarbayev called for the creation of a single currency in 2009 but he may be rethinking that after seeing what happened to the euro . 
  he 'll certainly be looking to avoid the same mistakes . 
   yes , kazakhstan certainly was n't into the re-creation of the soviet union or whatnot ; however , it nevertheless does appear to have been one of the russophilic members of the commonwealth of independent states : it says they were one of the pragmatic members . 
  this was in the early 2000s when russia 's economy was growing so i can see why they would have been russophilic at this time . 
  russia was a large economy so it was beneficial for kazakhstan to have good relations with them . 
  the kazakh economy has grown a lot since the early 2000s and they have established good relations with western nations . 
  that 's part of why they are doing well . 
  they were clearly reevaluating their relations with russia and the west before 2006 . 
  the events of the past several years will most certainly contributed to kazakhstan improving relations with the west and china . 
  this is good because it means they are n't suffering from the russian financial crisis . 
   was n't kazakhstan more receptive to russian proposals of deeper integration than ukraine was , though ? 
  this is part of a speech that nazarbayev gave in london in 2006 . 
  * `` kazakhstan is no longer part of the soviet union , not part of russia , and there is no need to look at it as if it were .
