  i leave it to your imagination as to what the alternatives to voting are . 
  okay . 
  whatever you say . 
  why else would they tell yougotmoxy to vote for a different mp or say that s/he wo n't likely vote at the next election ? 
  india pale ale . 
  they are getting downvoted for assuming that / u/yougotmoxy did n't vote for an mp who supported brexit or that they wo n't vote in the next election . 
  there 's no way they could know that . 
  singapore and hong kong have done well for themselves . 
  some of you will try your best . 
  guyana has it bad . 
  most of the country is claimed by venezuela and suriname . 
   citing population within city limits is hardly illustrative of the city size . 
  administrative borders of paris have been unchanged since 1860 ... however , actual urban area of paris stretches way outside of those borders it is for london if you 're going off where the urban area ends . 
  the urban area does n't stretch far beyond the boundaries of london . 
  however , i do see what you 're saying about paris . 
  a lot of american cities are like that as well . 
  although , including the population of bridgeport , connecticut to illustrate the size of new york . 
  the urban area does n't stretch without any gaps until the former . 
  yes . 
  william landed in england with an army and marched on london in opposition to james , the head of the kingdom . 
  it does count . 
  it 's regarded as an invasion . 
  not all of james 's army defected to william . 
  we could n't have those damn catholics ruling england . 
  especially one who wanted to ally england with france . 
  i edited it . 
   do people from gibraltar speak with british accents ? 
  it depends on the person . 
  here 's some videos of gibraltarians speaking . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zmli2x01jt4 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fn_gusyhdxs https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pwmq9mgw2e8 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_dtkvflen1c the person in the last video is their chief minister . 
   do they accept euros ? 
  the currency of gibraltar is the gibraltar pound . 
  bank of england banknotes are also legal tender in gibraltar . 
  most shops will accept the euro but the post office and government offices do not . 
  it 's a british overseas territory . 
  the crown dependencies are the channel islands and the isle of man . 
   despite this , i think we all know why uk and ireland are n't one country ... because britain treated the irish very badly . 
  that 's why they rebelled . 
  it was an irish king who invited them . 
   the last people to invade england were french ( from normandy & bretagne ) . 
  the last people to successfully invade england were dutch . 
  you can have france or spain . 
  two comments does n't take much of your time . 
  the public could change their mind but the vote is done . 
  we ca n't just go grovelling back to the eu . 
  cameron will likely go but the tories , who wanted us to remain , will quietly accept the result of the referendum and continue with their mandate . 
  and most people are aware of the likelihood of scottish independence if we vote to leave . 
   i do agree that brexit wo n't happen , even if they vote to leave the actual referendum is n't legally binding and if the government needs to it can legally ignore it if it 's acting in the best interest of the uk . 
  that 's not going to happen . 
  cameron will not circumvent the will of the british people . 
  it would do significant harm to the tories . 
   also to wales wales as well . 
  although , wales was represented in the english parliament and there is very little support for welsh independence nowadays . 
   while the tories were against union way back when . 
  and ? 
  the tories in the 16/1700s are not the same as the current tories . 
   `` do you have a flag '' - approach . 
  that only applies to ireland . 
   gives you the desire to pack up and just travel around this lovely world . 
  i do n't know about that . 
  i do n't seem to get anywhere nice . 
  i got two grim looking places in russia and a small town in canada . 
  james vi and i did n't unite the kingdoms . 
  it was queen anne and the english and scottish parliaments in 1707 . 
  the average skin colour on tasmania is not brown . 
  the creator got that result because they used data from the 19th and 20th century . 
  there 's other issues with the map . 
  for example , native american skin colour in much of indonesia . 
  how ? 
  wales was conquered hundreds of years before the british empire was founded and scotland was never conquered . 
  there was the highland clearances but lowland scots were complicit in that . 
  wales and scotland benefited from the british empire . 
  also , why do you think it 's called the ** british ** empire ? 
   then the gradual slide into full-on federalism would have likely slipped by unnoticed and the uk would likely have never had the opportunity to leave . 
  that would not have happened . 
  the uk would have held a referendum or left if a move towards federalisation was made . 
  about what ? 
  i 'm just pointing out that it was n't just the english . 
  there 's not much to know about it . 
  it 's just ignorance . 
  why is it always just the english that irish people say they hate ? 
  scotland and wales were complicit in those atrocities as well . 
   the hatred of the english stems much more from their sanctioned atrocities and what about the welsh or the scottish ? 
  we do n't have an opt-out from the free movement of people . 
  the migrants in calais are a different situation . 
  belarus has good relations with russia and the uk has good relations with china and japan . 
   that 's why we live in america , after all . 
  you live in the us because your ancestors immigrated to there . 
  enjoy your new citizens , ireland . 
   `` i thought , well , if i get my irish passport then at least if the uk is kicked out i 've got some legal protection if i want to go and enjoy free movement in europe . '' the uk is not going to be kicked out . 
  we will stay in or leave on our own accord . 
  glorious british engineering . 
  the electoral college in its current form is terrible but i understand why they have it . 
  using popular vote means a few states such as california will dominate all the others . 
  the ec prevents that from happening or did in the past . 
  they should replace the winner takes all system with a proportional system . 
  the current system means a candidate can win a state by a small margin but take all the ec votes . 
  for example , the republicans get all the ec votes in texas even though the democrats have a lot of support in the state . 
  the republicans face a similar issue in california . 
  this puts people off voting because their vote does n't count and therefore they are not influencing the result .
