  whatever . 
   rotherham is not the centre of grooming gangs , merely the most publicised . 
  it 's the epicentre because the public first became aware of how large the issue was when rotherham came to light . 
   i find it impossible to believe that someone such as jo cox could have been unaware of the presence of grooming gangs in batley and dewsbury just because of the lack of convictions when they are present in every other milltown in lancashire and yorkshire with a similar demographic . 
  being an mp of a constituency does n't mean you know about everything that goes on . 
  can you prove that she knew about grooming gangs in the area and did nothing to stop them ? 
  do n't bother me on this again if you ca n't . 
   its why dewsbury and batley have been the scene of several edl demostrations over the last few years . 
  the edl have demonstrations in a lot of places . 
  the vast majority of people ignore them because they 're cunts . 
   ann cryer did . 
  such selective compassion is morally reprehensible . 
  alienating entire communities does n't solve anything . 
   her job is to represent the constituents of batley and spen regardless of race and sect she did . 
  people of all races voted for her . 
  many people from batley and spen over the past several days have said that she was always willing to help no matter how big or small the problem was . 
  and there 's nothing wrong with campaigning for us to deal with syria and taking in more refugees . 
  go complain about syrians to someone else . 
   wrong sarah champion has steadfastly refused dwell on the salient characteristic of grooming gangs and its cultural aspects . 
  i 'm not wrong . 
  she has spoken about it . 
  firstly , i assumed they were talking about rotherham because they said `` epicentre '' . 
  i did n't say they were n't grooming gangs in other parts of yorkshire . 
  halifax and keighley are not in the constituency which jo cox represented . 
  keighley is represented by a conservative mp so why do n't you have a go at them as well ? 
  perhaps there are grooming gangs in batley and spen but there is no evidence to prove that jo cox knew about any and did nothing to stop them . 
  secondly , of course jo cox was n't going to alienate the muslim community in her constituency . 
  they are a large minority in batley and spen . 
  a politician needs a lot of votes from the muslim community if they want to win the seat . 
  labour losing votes from the white working class community is another discussion . 
  finally , i 'm sure there are some things that jo cox could have been criticised about but that does not undo all the good work she did . 
  nobody is perfect . 
  she did n't talk about the issue of grooming gangs because it was n't happening in her area as far as we know . 
  sarah champion has spoken out about it so your claim is incorrect . 
  there 's nothing wrong with that . 
  jo cox and the labour party wanted more women to participate in politics . 
  he did n't say it should be a woman . 
   and that would be the white child rape victims of muslim grooming gangs in her own back yard . 
  rotherham is not in her back yard . 
  it 's in south yorkshire . 
   it was a gilded lifestyle with a houseboat on the thames beside tower bridge at which she hosted networking events for important left-wing women . 
  there was a second house in her constituency which was a venue for a huge solstice party each year . 
  a woman holds parties for her colleagues who all happen to be from the same left-wing party as her . 
  jo cox was n't well known before her murder . 
  she was known within parliament for working across party lines . 
   the role of international aid worker is highly valued among a section of shrewd university-educated females . 
  it offers a particularly attractive combination of a good salary in an expanding sector , frequent foreign travel and high status among the do-gooding circles . 
  anyone who takes issue with people trying to do good is a cunt . 
  she did die because of her political views . 
  he was n't denied treatment . 
  he made an appointment and did n't turn up . 
  thomas mair gave his name in court as `` death to traitors , freedom for britain '' . 
  the police found neo-nazi material in his house . 
  he specifically targeted jo cox because she stood for everything he was opposed to . 
  mental illness or not , he killed jo cox for her views . 
  yeah but my point is that both countries make it hard people to immigrate . 
  same reason the american government makes it very hard to immigrate to the us . 
  the government wants to control immigration . 
  they ca n't limit eu migration so they make it hard for non-eu people to migrate . 
  he took his mother 's name . 
  her body is not unhealthy or unrealistic . 
  i can understand if she was a really thin model like some of the ones working for fashion houses . 
  sadiq khan is turning out to be a disappointing mayor . 
  i 'm glad i did n't vote for him . 
   `` please ban it . 
  i do n't want my children to look at it ! '', 
  these people get on my nerves . 
  that may be the case in austria but it 's not the same across the whole eu . 
  i 'm not talking out of my ass . 
  there is nothing incorrect about what i said . 
  non-eu people can legally work in the eu . 
  i 'm not talking about how they can do it , just that they can . 
  i know that . 
  as i said , it was a question to people who saying that the british should just leave . 
  i 'm annoyed at people painting us all with the same brush . 
   can someone explain to me why both / r/unitedkingdom and / r/ukpolitics blame everything happening in marseille right now on russian fans , marseille ultras and the french police ? 
  not everyone on / r/unitedkingdom is doing that . 
  some people are saying all of them are at fault . 
  it 's a question to people who say `` the british should leave already '' . 
  many of us do n't want to leave . 
  i was n't talking about the result of the referendum . 
  only if the uk votes out . 
  there will be another one eventually even if we vote in because no party seems interested in implementing max-devo . 
  i think most people will accept it and move on but it will cause more division between scotland/london and ruk . 
  i expect another scottish independence referendum within a few years . 
  and what about those of us who want to remain ? 
  for god 's sake . 
   do people in the uk honestly understand about freedom of capital ? 
  most people probably do n't . 
  they will . 
  london may not be replaced as the financial capital of europe but a brexit will result in a boost for the financial industry in other eu members . 
  it would be a democratic result . 
  brexiters , in your opinion , may have voted to leave for the wrong reasons . 
  but they still would have won the referendum . 
  i think they were referring to the states as a whole . 
  mississippi and alabama are very vocal about federal interference ( it 's usually the republicans in control of these states who are complaining ) but they receive more from the federal government than they contribute . 
  therefore , many people say those states should stop complaining until they sort themselves out . 
  texas is similar but they 're a net contributor so at least they have an excuse . 
  mississippi and alabama are some of the most dependent states on the federal government . 
  i do n't group you all in the same category .
