  maine and nebraska use a system called congressional district - popular ( cdp ) . 
  they allocate ec votes to the popular vote winner in the state and one each to the popular vote winner in each congressional district . 
  the republicans would have won in 2012 if every state used this system . 
  it 's not good enough though . 
  changing to a proportional system is the best solution . 
  this [ website ] ( http://www.270towin.com/alternative-electoral-college-allocation-methods/ ) lets you see how the result in 2012 would have been under cdp and a proportional system . 
  the democrats would have gotten 15 ec votes instead of 0 under a proportional system . 
  this would have convinced people to vote because they 're now influencing the result of the election . 
   liberalism is a center-right ideology . 
  in your country . 
  liberalism in the uk can range from the center-left to the center-right . 
  nick clegg and the late charles kennedy are liberals but from different sides of liberalism . 
  the liberals established the welfare state in the uk which was n't considered right wing at the time . 
  i 'm not missing your point . 
  all the major fossil fuel corporations have renewable energy operations . 
  but there is still a lot of money to be made in fossil fuels so that 's why they lobby republicans to prevent legislation which will harm those operations which is what the democrats want to do . 
  the fossil fuel companies and the republicans continue making money of oil and gas while they have renewable energy businesses on the side . 
  the republicans can enact a lot of changes in the us now that they have the presidency , house , and senate . 
  some companies will but not the ones lobbying republicans . 
  these people only care about themselves and there 's still a lot of money to be made in fossil fuels . 
  they 're being lobbied by fossil fuel companies which have much more money than renewable energy companies . 
  recent polls have shown that most americans are aware of why climate change is happening . 
  they 're split on whether it will have a serious threat to their way of life . 
  i understand that because many parts of the us wo n't be threatened by rising temperatures . 
  coastal communities will be threatened though . 
  bob from the midwest does n't care about that . 
  does n't matter . 
  the republicans control both the house and senate . 
  many of them do n't care about tackling climate change . 
  trump did but we were always committed to it . 
  the eu needs to create its own army . 
  the uk is n't leaving nato post-brexit . 
  it 's no big loss . 
  people can always move to another brewer if they want stronger beer . 
   stick to kitkats . 
  i 'd rather not . 
  there 's much better swiss chocolate which is n't shaped like a toblerone . 
  what brands ? 
  it 's a british channel and about the british national anthem so it makes sense that they would mock the mp by playing a british song . 
  ireland has nothing to do with this . 
  that would n't have been funny unless you 're irish . 
  an mp was murdered by someone because he considered her to be a traitor . 
  and yet the daily mail thinks it is acceptable to spread this sort of rhetoric . 
  another tommy mair could see this and decide to act . 
  also , 52 % to 48 % is not an overwhelming verdict . 
  they also implied that the lib dems were part of it which is nonsense . 
  they 're europhiles . 
   ( and the lib dems ) the lib dems ' proposal was different to the tories ' proposal . 
  the liberals pledged to hold a referendum if there was a fundamental change in the eu 's treaty arrangements . 
  i do n't see anything wrong with that . 
  also , they voted against an eu referendum bill . 
  the tories accused the lib dems of blocked the bill when they failed to reach an agreement . 
  the tories only managed to get a referendum because they won a majority . 
  the lib dems are a europhile party . 
  they wanted us to join the euro at one point . 
  they 're not prone to bashing the eu for the sake of it . 
  they are campaigning to keep us in the single market . 
  i 'm sure your leaders would invite him if he showed interest in coming to ireland . 
  and i doubt most irish people would care . 
  thanks for informing me of that . 
  that 's admirable but you 've misunderstood me . 
  http://blogs.spectator.co.uk/2016/07/theresa-mays-record-home-secretary-isnt-reassuring/ https://www.opendemocracy.net/uk/usman-sheikh/theresa-mays-dangerous-record-on-immigration, 
  i imagine it was . 
  i do n't know why some people keep saying that theresa may is a shrewd politician . 
  she fell into to job because michael gove and andrea leadsom screwed up their campaigns . 
  she does n't have a good record as home secretary . 
  * `` do we have a plan for brexit ? 
  we do . 
  '' * no , you fucking do n't . 
   and sadly uk sadly ? 
  would you rather we did n't contribute to the esa ? 
  edit : the esa should be beyond politics . 
  i 'd like to think the uk could have a role in the esa regardless of what happens with brexit . 
  isis would have overran iraq if the west did n't intervene . 
  coalition airstrikes helped the kurds and iraq fight back against isis . 
  now they 're ready to retake mosul . 
  i 'd rather we do something than let isis run amok in the middle east . 
  that was always a risk in an area where there are several nations operating . 
  that 's not happening . 
  they can shoot down russian jets if they are being threatened . 
  it would be russia 's fault if one of their jets gets shot down for being hawkish . 
   the colombia `` peace '' deal . 
  the deal has fallen apart yet . 
  the first deal put to the people was rejected in a referendum . 
  the regions which are least affected by the war with farc voted against whereas the regions which are most affected voted in favour . 
  tory austerity is the best austerity . 
  the liberals in the uk are pro- free market but also support strong workers and civil rights . 
  the democrats seem to be similar but it 's a big party so there is a wide array of views . 
   pretty serious does n't mean a massive party-funded movement . 
  it 's a few people that have the support of thousands in both sardinia and switzerland , and have made trips to both places to discuss plans and ideas . 
  it 's covered by the wall street journal , the guardian , rt , etc. . . i think that 's pretty serious . 
  not a massive movement , but nothing to joke about nonetheless . 
  my definition of `` pretty serious '' is a massive movement . 
   london 's decision it was n't our decision . 
  london voted 60 % to remain . 
   fuck you london fuck you . 
  do n't pin this one on us . 
  we voted to remain in the eu as well . 
  there 's no chance of that happening . 
  the design is different .
