  cameron is gone and he 's taking boris and co with him . 
  they have to elect a new pm . 
  cameron has resigned . 
  he probably made october the deadline because he wants boris and co to realise how fucked we are . 
  i think frankfurt will be the victor in that jostle . 
  one of the reasons many scots voted in is because of the uncertainty about eu membership . 
  that does n't matter anymore since the uk as a whole has voted to leave . 
  scotland is probably going to leave the union so i stand by my statement . 
   you 'd be destroying your country too late for that . 
  ask the lib dems . 
  you are a member . 
  your king had power though . 
  that was a poor comparison . 
  i know all about the english civil war . 
  i told i was referring to the united kingdom of great britain . 
  i 'm referring to the nation founded in 1707 . 
  cromwell did n't rule the uk . 
  but i did refer to the english civil war that in my first sentence . 
  firstly , that journalist needs to brush up on english history . 
  secondly , we do n't have any reason to behead our queen . 
  i think the uk is fortunate that it did n't go through something like the french revolution . 
  the monarch had a very little power by the late 1700s . 
  parliament was supreme by then . 
  sure . 
  they wo n't . 
  look . 
  there is very little chance of wales leaving the uk . 
   did the `` leave '' party lied ? ... 
  of course not . 
  they could n't possibly lie to british people . 
  they wo n't qualify for the euro and the us wo n't let them use the dollar . 
  they voted for it so they can reap what they sowed . 
  they wo n't . 
  wales voted to leave . 
  they 're entitled to their view . 
  british politics is a mess . 
  they 'll tell the people who voted for leave to blame the eu for giving them a bad deal . 
  farage will blame the government . 
  it 's too late . 
  cameron is resigning . 
  johnson , gove , and farage will see this through now . 
  they 're not . 
  you must be a really nasty person if you think it 's acceptable to insult an entire group of people . 
   uh , no ? 
  you could try being nice and polite ? 
  that would be too hard . 
  it 's just easier to insult the british ( actually the english ) . 
   what ca n't go on is the blackmail of the small town of pirates they 're not pirates . 
  it 's still my home though . 
  i 'm a citizen for another eu member so it 's not as bad for me . 
  the republic would have to hold a referendum as well . 
  both countries must agree to unification . 
  i 'm saying the irish government will probably wait a few years so they can see how things develop . 
  i know . 
  i 'm saying he may have ensured the end of uk as we know it today . 
  everyone wants to stick it to the english . 
  sure . 
  it might pass but perhaps the irish government will air on the side of caution and wait for a few years . 
  i do n't think many unionists will willingly join the republic though . 
  you ca n't be in the eu and use the same currency as a country not in the eu . 
  he may have ensured the end of the united kingdom as we know it . 
  it happened because labour has lost touch with its core working class voters . 
  they did n't get their message across . 
  it 's been nice knowing you . 
  good luck . 
  it 's not a good sign if you have to go to another country so you can enjoy yourself . 
   rubbish !, 
  an epicentre is where such gang activity first originated and/or where its most intense activity is . 
  i 'm not going to argue about this with you . 
  we do n't where it first originated nor where the most intense activity is . 
   so impossible standards of evidence then . 
  as i 've already outlined in virtually every milltown with similar demographics across yorkshire and lancashire grooming gangs are active and she can not have been unaware of this . 
   she has never displayed any interest in the activities of such gangs despite the fact that she knows their activities are ubiquitous in areas such as the one she represents . 
  she was only an mp for a year . 
  she may well have talked about it in her remaining 4 years . 
  there are no incidents of grooming gangs in batley and spen that we know of so there was no reason for her to talk about it . 
  other labour mps have talked about it . 
  like i said , there may or may not be grooming gangs operating in batley and spen . 
  we do n't know . 
  there is no evidence to prove that jo cox knew about grooming gangs and did nothing to stop them . 
  so i 'll say it again . 
  do n't bother me on this again unless you have evidence . 
   instead she basically accuses the indigenous white community of islamophobia because of their supposed hostility . 
  she did n't do that . 
   such wit and elegance . 
  my guess is you 're middle class student who has lived a very sheltered life . 
  you 're wrong . 
  my class would differ depending on who you ask and where they 're from . 
  my parents come from different backgrounds so i would say i straddle the boundary between working class and middle class . 
  i grew up in an ethnically diverse borough of london . 
  the area i grew up in had a mixture of middle class and working class housing . 
  so , yeah , you 're wrong . 
   so lets just pander to the bigots then and let them get away with it . 
  we mus n't ever upset them must we . 
  most of the muslim community have nothing to do with grooming gangs . 
  alienating the entire community will not solve the issue . 
   she represented some more than other viz her sponsoring her report into the thoughtcrime of islamophobia completely ignoring all the joys of pakstani muslim encroachment on the indigenous population . 
  i 'm not interested in your rants about the pakistanis . 
   sarah champion has steadfastly refused to talk about the cultural aspects of rotherham which make it so reprehensible . 
  to her and many others it is just a matter of bureaucratic slipups .
