  there are benefits and negatives for everything in life . 
   that 's one example , of a fairly extreme view of socialism . 
  not here . 
  it seems to be one that many socialists here have . 
   say , public health care or retirement pensions , is in itself an indicator of what you believe socialism to be exclusively about i did n't pick health care because i think the nhs should exist . 
  but i also think people should be able to access private healthcare if they want to . 
  the uk has aspects of socialism but most of us do n't want all of it . 
   rather than seeing policy as a spectrum of choices between socialism and capitalism you 're the one who 's doing that . 
  you 're talking as if capitalism and socialism are our only choices and there 's no middle ground . 
   the sources of information given to you create that view . 
  bringing us back to the point of the viability of socialism in a private mass media world . 
  i 'm not falling for american/private pro-capitalist propaganda . 
  obviously anyone who does n't want socialism must be falling for private/american messaging . 
   sure , but why ? 
  because they do n't agree with socialist policies . 
  for example , the drive to nationalise everything . 
  i do n't like the proposal by some socialists to privatise the banks and energy companies . 
   i do n't think socialism can survive democracy in an age of mass media . 
  socialism will survive in countries in which it is popular but will continue to struggle in those in which it is n't . 
  most people in the uk do n't want socialism . 
  capitalism has flaws but it has more benefits than negatives . 
  the uk and belarus are both in europe . 
  so yes is the answer to your question . 
  surely you would learn about the person who defeated napoleon ? 
  the uk is known for brushing over a lot of its imperial history but we certainly learnt about the primary threats to the empire during its existence . 
  he is often joked about but i think he is begrudgingly respected as well . 
  he was one of the greatest , if not the greatest , threat to the british empire . 
  and he was certainly one of europe 's greatest military commanders . 
  i 'm neutral on him . 
  i 'm a first generation brit so i do n't have the same connection to british history that native people do . 
  i ca n't speak for my parents ' countries . 
  i know he had a presence in italy but i do n't know anything about that . 
  i 've always wondered about how the french see the duke of wellington . 
  he 's the prime minister . 
  democrats . 
  turkish straits --  northeastern portion of the black sea and the northwestern portion of the caspian sea ( russian caucasus ) --  ural river/mountains . 
  i 'm from london so mostly english but italian , spanish , portuguese , polish , various african and indian languages , etc. 
  we call it paddling . 
  best in the 3d series of games . 
  vice city is great for the soundtrack alone . 
  i wish gta would drop the modern era and set their games in the past again but i doubt that will happen . 
  i assume op meant getting a loan from a bank or one of those lenders which seems to be common in the us . 
  i do n't have a credit card . 
  i only use a debit card . 
  i do n't want to spend money that have n't earned . 
  edit : also , taking out loans for cars is uncommon . 
  i bought a used car using money i had saved up . 
  dealers will allow you to pay for a new car in instalments if you want to . 
  the isle of man probably wo n't do anything . 
  they 'll still be a crown dependency of the uk . 
  there 's no reason for them to change that if scotland becomes independent and/or northern ireland joins ireland . 
  the isle of man has english and norse heritage as well so i do n't think their goidelic heritage will play a big part in their future decisions . 
  it is but i 've never seen any definition which includes uzbekistan . 
  the country is considered to be a part of central asia . 
  uzbekistan is n't in the middle east . 
   you call leftists liberals , although liberals are center-right in the rest of the world . 
  our liberals drift between the center-left and center-right . 
  we do n't have a national day . 
  [ trooping the colour ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/trooping_the_colour ) is a ceremony performed by the british military on the queen 's birthday . 
  the ceremony is broadcast by the bbc . 
  i live about 180 km from france . 
  it takes an hour to get there by train . 
  double taps are awful . 
  my house has always had mixers but my parents are n't british so they wanted the same type of taps which they had at home . 
  i 'm from london and i 've never been north of birmingham . 
   ireland you 're going to trigger some irishmen . 
  nothing will happen in 2017 . 
  did i challenge your right to exist ? 
  do n't be so pathetic . 
  you xenophobes will never get the country you want . 
  i get on with everyone regardless of their background . 
  it 's nice to know that you be happy to have me and millions of other people destroyed because we 're not ethnic brits . 
  thankfully , xenophobes like you are in the minority . 
  there are plenty of nasty shitholes in this country which are 95 + % white british . 
  why ? 
  it 's a huge city with many good parts and bad parts . 
  there are far worse places in the uk . 
  jelly is the us is what we call jam here . 
  [ this is what we call jelly . 
  ] ( http://az723720.vo.msecnd.net/media/img23526.1426x713.jpg ) [ this is what we call jam . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/bf/cornish_cream_tea_2.jpg ), 
  jacob rees-mogg gives farage a run for his money . 
  i think op meant people who are currently alive . 
  we call it jam in the uk . 
  i 've never seen grape jam but i know it can be made . 
  you would probably find it in independent shops and at farmers ' markets . 
  i think he was probably taking the piss . 
  vatican city . 
  i think it changes every time a new act of parliament is passed . 
  the last one is the finance act 2016 . 
  which is very good by british standards . 
  i 'm directing this at the people who get pissed every weekend . 
  unfortunately not everyone is as responsible as you . 
  the uk has a worsening obseity problem . 
  imposing strict regulations on companies so they 're forced to get rid of all that unnecessary sugar is one way to tackle it . 
  another is to convince people to drink proper cider instead of that scandinavian rubbish . 
  only ? 
  that 's still a lot of sugar . 
  500 ml of kobbarberg strawberry and lime contains 30 g of sugar and coke contains 53 g . so not much difference . 
  rekorderlig are on the better end of scandinavian ciders .
