  they have n't come up with a credible solution . 
  both st petersburg and boston have a revolutionary past . 
  they 've also had a big cultural influence in their respective countries . 
  there are similarities between boston and stockholm but i still think st petersburg is a better fit if you take into account more than education . 
  vienna can become a free city . 
  boston . 
  st petersburg is a better fit than stockholm . 
  plenty of old buildings and a revolutionary past . 
  maybe i 'll drive to brittany in the summer and stock up on some . 
  i do n't like ketchup so i would n't do it . 
  but the thought of putting ketchup on pasta disgusts me . 
  anyone i know would kill me if i did it . 
  especially my mother . 
  have the finns and swedes not heard of tomato sauce ? 
  i 'm siding with the italians on this one . 
  i was n't referring to the island . 
  stay away from main brands like strongbow , bulmers , etc. 
  i usually drink stuff from small breweries . 
  many of them might not ship to the us . 
  as for recommendations , weston 's old rosie is a good cider . 
  they ship overseas . 
  my advice is to see if there is a company that imports ciders from europe . 
  i had a cider from orchard pig in somerset . 
  that was good . 
  but there 's loads more . 
  brittany is in france and ireland is not in the uk . 
  that argument happens in every thread about a map showing ireland and britain . 
  it 's usually the same people arguing as well . 
  i had a basque cider before so that 's how i know it . 
  i 'll have to try some breton cider . 
  do n't know where i would be able to get it in england though . 
  i did n't know brittany was known for cider production . 
  also , we 're already enemies for life because you 're french . 
  they can piss off southern england , normandy , and the basque country if they start saying they make better cider . 
  you should look up the falkland islands on google maps . 
  former is the first thing you mention and latter is the second thing you mention . 
  so the champions league is the former and eurovision is the latter . 
  they 're wrong . 
  i do n't know where most of these places are . 
  titles would have been useful . 
  i doubt it . 
  the danish are n't renowned for banter . 
  and i can tell you relying on american banter because of the poor quality of your banter . 
  relying on the same insults over and over again . 
  get creative , you danish weakling . 
  size is n't everything . 
  we proved that to the french . 
  but okay . 
  we wo n't mind destroying copenhagen again . 
  no one will notice that it 's gone . 
  that 's what you get for siding with the french . 
  when did you do it the first time ? 
  that 's plenty . 
  sure . 
  bring some bourbon as well . 
  leave the swedes alone or we 'll form another alliance with them and take more of your country . 
  bbc radio 1 and kiss . 
  yes . 
  the uk and some other countries do n't want further integration and others do . 
  wait until you know more about the game until you get insulted . 
   i 'm not sure if he meant that serbs , croats , bosniaks and montenegrins have to talk slowly to understand each other , or he meant that about croats , slovenes and bulgarians . 
  he meant slovenes and bulgarians . 
  do n't get ahead of yourselves . 
  the game has only been announced so we do n't know the full details yet . 
  i 'm sure they 're not stupid enough to exclude france . 
  perhaps that 's just listing the factions you can play in the game . 
  you can just say london . 
   sure , but why spin the story as being about a poor woman being oppressed instead of getting footwear changed for women in the workplace ? 
  she did n't do that . 
  and she is trying to get footwear for women changed in the workplace . 
  she set up a petition and it received over 10,000 signatures so the government will have to respond . 
  the firm in question has changed their policy . 
   it 's a stupid question because it 's ridiculous that a man would wear heels . 
  it 's not a stupid question . 
  it 's a good question . 
  why are women forced to wear shoes which could potentially cause permanent damage to their feet when men are n't ? 
   it would be like complaining that men do n't wear corsets or men do n't have to wear skirts . 
  it 's not because women are n't forced to wear corsets or skirts at work . 
   it 's a nonsensical question which she knows the answer to and even you would have laughed at her if she 'd asked it to your face . 
  obviously she knows the answer to it . 
  it 's called a rhetorical question . 
  and do n't presume to know what i would do . 
  i would n't have laughed in her face . 
  i would actually agree with her . 
   it 's a first world problem . 
  stop dismissing the problems heels can cause . 
  heels can potentially cause permanent damage to women 's feet . 
  it 's a problem not just faced in the first world . 
  but you obviously do n't care about women having their damaged by wearing heels . 
   if women want to get heels banned in the workplace , fine , but do n't give me these stories trying to get me to feel sympathy for an individual woman . 
  she and the bbc are not asking you to feel sympathy for her . 
  that 's up to you . 
  they 're just bringing the issue to light . 
   we 're talking about a fairly limited issue here that affects an a fairly limited amount of women , mainly in higher class service sector companies in london . 
  so we should n't do anything about it because it 's a fairly limited issue . 
  that is a terrible logic . 
   if they want get the rules changed , sure , just do n't frame it as if they 're suffering under the yoke of the oppressive heel tyranny . 
  they did n't do that . 
  you 're the one who keeps saying that . 
   if it 's part of the dress code , then she has to abide by it .
