  i want to the markets to have a lot of freedom but i do think we need to regulate and sometimes intervene in the markets to keep them in check and make sure companies do not flout the rules . 
   have you compared e.g. 
  georgia ( state ) and washington ( state ) ? 
   it does n't get more different than that inside the eu , language aside . 
  they 're a lot more similar than france and estonia or portugal and sweden . 
  libertarian and liberal mean different things . 
  gary johnson is a libertarian is in favour of further privatisation or ending of public services and welfare programs . 
  that 's not the center ground in europe . 
  neoliberalism is one form of liberalism . 
  it 's a resurgence of 19th century laissez-faire economic liberalism . 
  saying that liberalism is solely right wing or left wing is wrong . 
  it 's a broad ideology . 
  liberals are n't considered to be on the left in many countries . 
  they range from the center-left to the center-right . 
  i have looked at the election results . 
  and it 's not just a bunch of loud mouths . 
  that sort of mocking is why we 're in the current situation . 
   his base is going to be pissed off when they realize they 've been played . 
  and who do you think he 's going to blame that on ? 
  i did n't say that . 
   fyi : even in white working class areas ( a misnomer , most of those voters are n't working-class , in the usual sense , at all , it 'd be more accurate to call them blue-collar wage workers or something ) you know what i meant . 
  i apologise for using a british term . 
   so this was a pro-gop swing , not a trump phenomenon . 
  that 's not what most analysts think . 
  the `` trump phenomenon '' that people talk about is how he tapped into the anger of blue collar communities and them coming out to vote for him . 
   i think anyone who believes they 'll go back to the dem party post-trump is being highly delusional . 
  i think you 're delusional for assuming that . 
  some of them will stay with the republican party but i can see others voting for the democrats if they reach out to white blue collar communities again . 
  most people do n't stick with one party . 
  they change depending on which party or person appeals to them at the time . 
   anyway , to put an end to this : there was no lower democrat turnout , except the expected decline in african-americans , which was sizeable but far from dramatic . 
  there was . 
  many analysts lower turnout in key swing states along with a higher turnout for blue collar workers is why trump won the election . 
  that is what i was referring to . 
  and i 'm not making it up by myself before you accuse of that . 
   if you think rob portman or mike lee , who opposed trump and were re-elected with 21 % and 37 % margins while trump won their states by 9 % margins wo n't challenge trump because of his support base , you 're not very good at math . 
  i never said that . 
  also , grow up and stop resorting to insults . 
   there 's no such a thing like deselection in american politics and that was already tried and failed the last primaries . 
  you know what i mean . 
  i 'm sure there 's some way of replacing someone on the ticket . 
  as for everything else you 've said . 
  republican overall may not have liked him but trump won because he tapped into white working class areas , not traditional republican voters . 
  the republicans will not want to anger this base . 
  we 've seen what trump can do with them . 
  and we 've already seen the signs that many republicans have no intention of challenging him . 
  paul ryan will support trump as long as he can gut social welfare and obamacare . 
  i do actually . 
  this election was a trump wave in white working class areas . 
  he tapped into their anger and they turned out to vote for him . 
  that along with a lower democrat turnout handed him the presidency . 
  i suspect we 'll see something similar in 2018 if the democrats do n't sort themselves out and the republicans try to subdue trump . 
  the republicans wo n't challenge trump because they want to keep his support base . 
  he does n't need them . 
  trump has a solid support base . 
  he 'll fire up his base by blaming the failure to enact his policies on republican and democrat obstruction . 
  the democrats have more to lose in the midterms . 
  they 're defending more seats . 
  the republicans know they have to rely on trump 's support base to get elected so they wo n't challenge him . 
  they 've already failed once . 
  he wo n't be ruling alone . 
  he 'll fill the government with all his allies . 
  and any republicans who challenge him will quickly find themselves facing deselection or a challenge from a trump endorsed candidate in their seat . 
  i doubt many republicans will challenge him . 
  he has them the balls now . 
  you 've seen his support base . 
  they wo n't like it when republicans try to dilute trump 's policies . 
  it 's not an either/or choice . 
  i think they will . 
  many people care about preserving our history . 
  i do n't see that changing in the future . 
  you 're right that people do n't care about buildings they 're never experienced but that 's why we preserve these buildings so they will experience them and care about them . 
   there is a reason why modern city blocks or structures do not look like that . 
  that is because there are better ways to design and build structures than in the tudor or victorian era . 
  why are you telling me that ? 
  did i say otherwise . 
   skyscrapers are an amazing feat of engineering . 
  i do n't see why people are so resentful towards them . 
  you 're misunderstand me . 
  read my comment again . 
  i do n't resent skyscrapers . 
  i think they 're great . 
  i just think they should built in old industrial areas which have been demolished . 
  i do n't think they should built in areas like the city of london . 
   castles are incredibly overrrated . 
  castles before gunpowder was used by the wealthy people as a protection against bandits , rebels and foreign armies . 
  castles were n't supposed to be aesthetically pleasing . 
  but because of romantic notions about castles , people still think there is something magic about them . 
  i disagree . 
  many castles were designed to be aesthetically pleasing . 
  hampton court , buckingham , windsor , and westminster are brilliant buildings . 
  they 're a part of our history and should be preserved for future generations . 
   that might be awful for a nationalist swede . 
  but as a second gen immigrant ( both parents from an european country ) you should have stopped right there . 
  you 've made an utter fool of yourself . 
  wanting to preserve your history is not nationalism or glorifying the past . 
  i 'm a first generation brit ( my parents were immigrants ) and i would hate to see the government take the hammer to the city of london , soho , or mayfair . 
  i think the city is taking the piss with all those skyscrapers at times . 
  they should be built in old industrial areas like canary wharf . 
  i would hate to see places like the tower of london torn down so new houses can be built .
