  the referendum occurred after unidentified troops started occupying crimea . 
  different situations . 
  the parliament of nagorno-karabakh voted in favour of uniting with armenia . 
  azerbaijan rescinded nagorno-karabakh 's status as as an autonomous region . 
  the parliament of nagorno-karabakh held a referendum whereby most people voted in favour of independence , thus the region declared its independence from azerbaijan . 
  that referendum was boycotted by the azeris but it still would have passed due to the demographics of the region at the time . 
  this led to a conflict which resulted in ethnic cleansing by both sides . 
  lets look at ukraine . 
  there was no vote by the crimean parliament or a referendum before the russians annexed the peninsula . 
   most of my family is from shusha which is in the former nk oblast . 
  i 'm not going to be satisfied with that . 
  what will you be satisfied with ? 
  the likelihood of azerbaijan controlling a region which has always had an armenian majority are slim to none ? 
  can you provide statistical proof to show how many armenians in nagorno-karabakh are not originally from there ? 
  the region had an armenian majority before the war . 
  you still ca n't prove your claim . 
  so your claim is unsubstantiated . 
  it would be up to the azeri government to prove that azeris would be a majority in nagorno-karabakh . 
  looking at the demographics of nagorno-karabakh suggest that your claim is not true . 
  do you have any statistical proof for that claim ? 
  it does matter . 
  an agreement by a few men does n't mean anything to the average person who has to live with their decisions . 
  the soviet union put nagorno-karabakh within azerbaijan borders . 
  it does n't change the fact that the majority of nk 's population was always armenian . 
  the territory never wanted to be a part of azerbaijan . 
  you 'll have to come up with a better reason than that . 
   but helicopter ... c \u00b4 mmon to much . 
  it 's mild considering the relations between the countries . 
   it 's azerbaijan 's duty to take back the territory that belongs to the people of karaba\u011f , and it does n't fucking matter if those people are armenian or azerbaijani . 
  it does matter . 
  the people in nagorno-karabakh do n't want to be a part of azerbaijan . 
  what is azerbaijan going to do with them ? 
  only imperialist countries do n't care about who lives on a territory which they want to invade . 
  a lot of clubs do have dedicated smoking rooms . 
  approximately 80 % of the russian people live in europe . 
  the uk is ranked worst in smoking because they consider the smoking ban to be bad . 
  that 's fine by me . 
  i like sitting in pubs and other public places without being surrounded by people smoking . 
  i 'd still recommend to people that they visit london or other places in the uk . 
   as we move towards a united states of europe , it is only normal that pointless countries like belgium ( and luxembourg and andorra ! ), 
  should go . 
  andorra and luxembourg ca n't be compared to belgium . 
  why are they pointless countries ? 
  the andorrans and luxembourgers wo n't be happy with the eu forcibly dissolving their countries . 
  nothing . 
  that 's beside the point . 
  the falkland islanders overwhelmingly voted to remain british but argentina refuses to recognise their right to self-determination . 
  you took the bait and got yourself hooked . 
  well done . 
  it 's alright . 
  they got there eventually . 
  try not to get put down this time . 
  drink . 
   uk had enough power to intervene without going to war of it . 
  argentina had seized control of the islands so how else was the uk going to retake control of them ? 
   and it 's very silly that gibraltar still belongs to uk . 
  it 's not . 
  it 's what the people of gibraltar want . 
   i 'd sooner salute during the marseillaise than that soppy crap . 
  you know a british person is serious when they considering saluting the french national anthem . 
  the latest statistics from 2012 estimated that 42 % of marriages in england and wales end in divorce . 
  best : armenia , denmark , faroe islands , georgia , russia , san marino , spain , sweden , and the uk . 
  worst : belarus , ireland , lithuania , and ukraine . 
  the east india company used a similar flag from 1707 to 1801 . 
  the only difference between them is the inclusion of st patrick 's saltire on the flag adopted in 1801 to represent the union between great britain and ireland . 
  read the last paragraph of that section . 
  where does it say that ? 
  we send them to you . 
  where are you getting that figure from ? 
  i 'm getting a figure of 5,835 km . 
   because people from the countries you 've been to say their food taste like shit compared to south europe . 
  so italy , spain , greece , croatia , serbia , bulgaria , romania and so on ... 
  it depends on what you 're type of food you 're talking about . 
  i 'm sure southern european countries do produce much better vegetables and fruit due to the warmer climate but you can get good vegetables and fruits in other parts of europe . 
  there are many orchards in the south of england which produce good apples . 
  a lot of them are used to produce cider . 
  also , irish meat is very good and others have already mentioned germany 's bread . 
  you 're the one who conflated all american chocolate with hershey 's chocolate . 
  sexualmaltedbarley is just saying that not all american chocolate is like hershey 's chocolate . 
  unlikely . 
  armenia 's dispute with azerbaijan would need to be resolved . 
  georgia 's disputes with abkhazia and south ossetia would also have to be resolved . 
  the eu should n't take on another cyprus . 
   maybe they 'll change that to spanish here in a few years . 
  they wo n't . 
  english is still the main language in california . 
  it 's the language of business and commerce . 
  the majority of people who speak another language can also speak english . 
   it remains that you can go without learning english in the usa and operate perfectly fine within certain communities . 
  in certain communities . 
  but english is still the main language in most american communities . 
  being able to speak english will make your life a lot easier in the us . 
  it 's not comparable . 
  none of our politicians went to the us and argued in favour of one of the candidates . 
   umm to agree with him ? 
  you do n't like what the government is doing , vote against it ( for example , in the referendum ) . 
  their last sentence shows that they were n't being reasonable . 
  but , again , how did they know that yougotmoxy did n't vote for a pro-brexit mp ? 
   its a pretty reasonable response . 
  but many people think there is some kind of pan-european conspiracy to deprive the native population of their rights , thus democracy does not work , voting is only for naive people .
