  it 's the only solution . 
  or are you claiming the justice system ca n't be improved ? 
  there are thousands of people rotting in prison while innocent . 
  abolishing death penalty does them no good . 
  only improving the system does . 
  your claim of 4 % comes from the us system . 
  it 's also the estimated number of wrongful death penalty convictions , not the number of wrongful executions . 
  the average death row prisoner spends more than 14 years in prison before execution and gets a much thorougher trial . 
  the 3,000 people with death sentences in the us get better trials than the 160,000 people with life sentences . 
  that 's not the case for germany and for many other eu countries . 
  also , [ human trash ] ( http://i.imgur.com/y3qq6up.jpg ) thanks you for your kindness . 
  could turn some syrian orphans into doctors with the money spent keeping his ass alive , but then some treehugger would n't feel warm , fuzzy and progressive inside . 
  transport and distribution losses are far smaller . 
  for electricity it 's 3 % -10 % , depending how modern the grid is . 
  burning stuff to create heat is , by definition , 100 % efficient . 
  is there any real difference between an opt-out and forever pushing back adoption date ? 
  human trash gets a second chance when there are still people around us that do n't get a single chance . 
  what syria project should we greenlight then ? 
  saudi arabia 's project ? 
  arm the terrorists , destroy everything then build mosques ? 
  then go ahead and fight to eliminate those 4 % that are wrong . 
  turns out they do n't actually need a church in the first place . 
  usually men beg/work illegally and women and children steal . 
  every time you give money to gypsy beggars you are directly supporting organized crime . 
  maybe dutch people should inform themselves better . 
  i can come and steal your job right now just fine , without being in schengen . 
  romania lost 1 million workers since 2007 through emigration to eu . 
  even if only half of them would produce + value here at national average , it would still be over $ 10 billion a year . 
  when you see gdp +3 % , also understand that it 's done with a continuously diminishing workforce . 
  our intra-eu trade deficit grew from - $ 2bn to - $ 8bn a year which means around $ 3 bn flows yearly from romania into other eu states ' budgets . 
  most goes to germany , as it 's the main trading partner . 
  our public debt tripled in percentage terms and quadrupled in nominal terms . 
  eu demands < 2 % deficit so monetary policy is limited . 
  in 2010 we were forced to take international loans to limit the deficit . 
  if you think greece pays high interest , romania has paid double that . 
  we are forced to ensure equality between romanian and foreign companies in terms of governmental funds . 
  which sucks a lot if you want to develop an industry . 
  having a national policy regarding who gets what resources is now forbidden . 
  if you look at multinationals to see where they have the largest profit margins , it 's in eastern europe . 
  financially , if you draw the line ( which btw is something eu never did and never will , because it makes them look bad ) , joining eu looks pretty disastrous . 
   i very much hope they leave eu . 
  specially romania . 
  fingers crossed !, 
  i want my 5-9 % growth back , not this eu impotence . 
  it is the only argument that matters in a democracy . 
  tesla powerwall ( for daily use ) is $ 3000 in us . 
  that 's probably $ 4000 in eu . 
  assuming you only need 1 and it 's good for 10-12 years , it would double your electricity costs . 
  in bucharest we had -20 \u00b0 c on new year 's day and 40 \u00b0 c this summer . 
  on monday they 're forecasting the first negative temp of this autumn . 
   yeah i died in uk it fucking sucked, 
  do you skip words while reading ? 
   christian, 
  it 's secularism vs [ islamism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/islamism ), 
  what exactly counts as christian law ? 
  the 10 commandments ? 
  the bible is not a law book , like the quran . 
   i think this woman , and others , should be free to state that all of a group of people should be killed . 
  then you must accept the consequences of allowing it . 
  including people dying . 
  americans and some western europeans have a corrupted view of freedom of expression , that tends to support expression even when it obviously infringes other people 's dignity and rights . 
   ellen pao you 're a radical , i see, 
  nobody is pushing for romanian to be an international language . 
  i do n't like how it sounds at all . 
  donald trump is like that dumb boss of yours who comes from a different field and tells you to make things happen even though he does n't have a fucking clue how stuff works . 
  but it somehow works out in in the end . 
  he seems to be the logical choice , considering the other `` options . '', 
  hillary clinton - corrupt psychopath ben carson - religious lunatic bernie sanders - economically illiterate populist ted cruz - retard and from the others i have n't really heard much about, 
  following this daring protest the number of people who quit remained stable at 0 . 
  depends how hard usa tries to protect it . 
   the only problem i have that ive been told is that companies can sue countries . 
  that is not what i want and if that is something that will happen if tpp happens then i do not want france adopting it . 
  since governments can change every 4-5 years and they can pull 180 degrees changes on legislation , such a feature is needed if you want serious investors . 
  you already have a similar law in france , with eu companies . 
  ttip refers to us companies . 
  for example , right now there 's a 3-party scandal between some swedish millionaires of romanian origin , eu and romania . 
  romania promised subsidies for investments in some poor areas of the country . 
  then we joined eu and eu said the subsidies are illegal , so we pulled the subsidies . 
  these guys invested some money , then sued romania when they did n't get their promised subsidies . 
  now eu says we need to pay them ( including some fines ) , even though eu was the one disallowing us to pay in the first place . 
  isced 1 = primary education / first stage of basic education isced 2 = lower secondary education / second stage of basic education isced 3 = upper secondary education ( highschool ) [ changes from 2013/2014 ] ( http://i.imgur.com/8twz1xl.jpg ), 
  wow !, 
  holy shit . 
  good . 
  now these 2 engineers , along with everyone above them need to go to jail . 
   ich bin ein idiot , but being ein idiot must not stop us from being compasionate, 
  she did n't remain silent . 
  she enforced her original position . 
  http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/merkel-refuses-to-apologize-for-welcoming-refugees-a-1053253.html  `` if we now have to start apologizing for showing a friendly face in response to emergency situations , then that 's not my country , '', 
  number of victims is a bottleneck ? 
  you 're hallucinating . 
  are all the africans in sweden being attacked so that their total number can be a bottleneck ? 
  is at least a significant percentage of them being attacked ? 
   if you increase the number of somalis in sweden by 40 % , surely you can expect the number of incidents they experience to increase by 40 % as well ? 
  that 's not how it works . 
   so far , this just sounds like someone not understanding basic statistics . 
  yes , you . 
  unless the total swedish population that is n't in the targeted group also increased by 40 % , it means 40 % more hate crime against the group is indeed a huge increase . 
  on the contrary , i would say nato values stability over everything else . 
  well if saudi arabia is making accusations it must mean the russians are hitting the right targets .
