  did he watch [ erb of history ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=afa-rols8ya ) ? 
  obviously the solution is to increase the quota to 500,000, 
  the mufti met hitler in november 1941 http://www.jewishvirtuallibrary.org/jsource/history/muftihit.html this is where netanyahu claims he had influenced hitler . 
  sometime in december 1941 , hitler decided to kill the jews immediately and not wait for the war to end . 
  then wannsee conference took place to coordinate the extermination . 
  he is not denying holocaust , he claims arabs had an important role in it . 
  it is well known that nazis went through different stages of persecution against jews , from segregation to deportations and finally to extermination . 
  great news . 
  they 're pretty good at deporting gypsies though, 
  multiculturalism , as it is promoted in europe ( emphasizing the good , covering up the bad ) is the unlimited tolerance karl popper talks about . 
  the continuation of that quote :  in this formulation , ** i do not imply , for instance , that we should always suppress the utterance of intolerant philosophies ; as long as we can counter them by rational argument and keep them in check by public opinion , suppression would certainly be most unwise . 
  ** but we should claim the right to suppress them if necessary even by force ; for it may easily turn out that they are not prepared to meet us on the level of rational argument , but begin by denouncing all argument ; they may forbid their followers to listen to rational argument , because it is deceptive , and teach them to answer arguments by the use of their fists or pistols . 
  ** we should therefore claim , in the name of tolerance , the right not to tolerate the intolerant . 
  we should claim that any movement preaching intolerance places itself outside the law , and we should consider incitement to intolerance and persecution as criminal , ** in the same way as we should consider incitement to murder , or to kidnapping , or to the revival of the slave trade , as criminal, 
   paradox of tolerance : unlimited tolerance must lead to the disappearance of tolerance . 
  if we extend unlimited tolerance even to those who are intolerant , if we are not prepared to defend a tolerant society against the onslaught of the intolerant , then the tolerant will be destroyed , and tolerance with them quote by [ karl popper ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/karl_popper ), 
   at least the refugees can adapt to european values and embrace them european values like '' [ slaughter the jews ] ( http://www.thelocal.se/20151020/swedish-slaughter-the-jews-rally-grabs-criticism ) '' right ? 
  order now and get a bunch of suicide bombers for free . 
  you are drawing the wrong conclusion from those numbers . 
  the article is also to blame , as it is lying through omission . 
  3300 euros / year is a lot lower than what the average native pays into the state budget . 
  when that immigrant who works and generates tax money will reach retiring age or will need social care he will not magically disappear . 
  germany will have to support him . 
  overall impact of migration on germany 's gdp is neutral , according to oecd data . 
  which is pretty bad , considering you have roughly the same gdp , but 6 million ( ? ), 
  more people in the country . 
  man finland has some weird dogs, 
   german social security system should reform because it could n't exist in its current state without 6 million immigrant contributors ? 
  got any numbers for this claim ? 
  with local veto rights and local extra royalties . 
  they say a society is the sum of its people . 
  so basically your `` unpopular opinion '' is that middle easterners are shit ? 
  holy shit sir motherfucking whiteknight is here , pack your bags fellow neckbeards , time to oppress another damsel . 
  there is no gdp requirement . 
  economic requirements are more about legislation and economic stability . 
  eu structural funds are allocated based on gdp/capita , to countries that are under 75 % of eu average . 
  for now , turkey is at 33 % of eu average . 
  this includes the poorest parts of eu so no , you ca n't just dismiss the poor parts in your country and say that you 're rich . 
  judging by current allocation schemes , if turkey was in the eu it would have access to at least 10 billion euro / year in structural and cohesion funds . 
  this particular promise has some 3 billion euro attached to it . 
  i officially declare myself as being radical merkelophobic . 
  that quote says a lot of the naivety of swedish pm . 
  actual data proves you wrong . 
  immigration as a whole has a neutral impact on european economies . 
  and that includes immigration from western and eastern europe . 
  immigration from outside of europe has a net negative economic impact , with immigrants from africa having the worst performance . 
  humanitarian immigrants always have a net negative impact on economy , all over europe . 
  immigrants from non-western countries are usually over represented in crime statistics . 
  this is how the situation actually looks like when immigrants are compared to natives http://imgur.com/odwpn46 you are hard-pushing an agenda while having no clue of what 's going on in the real world . 
   it 's up to the member states now to talk to each other in a frank way tomorrow at the european council ( eu summit ) , and to do as they promised on the 23rd of september , '' said frans timmermans , the first vice-president of the european commission . 
  who promised what , you piece of shit ? 
  merkel has no problem with that . 
  it 's not only that . 
  taxes on fuel and petrol/diesel cars are so high in nordic countries that they cover the cost of pollution multiple times over . 
  if you do n't tax electric cars at all , their net environmental benefit is negative . 
  a responsible government should tax all cars and use that money to clean the environment . 
  add spying on allies to that list, 
  denmark was the first country to wake up from the `` green '' delusion of electric cars . 
  hopefully others will follow . 
  point a ) is ~ ~ 6th ~ ~ 7th grade maths . 
  point b ) is as soon as you learn derivatives . 
  that would be 9-10th grade here afaik . 
  this is a trivial problem . 
  same restrictions for romania and bulgaria in 2007 . 
  chancellor at the time : merkel the hypocrite . 
  the sum in discussion is 3 billion euro http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-10-15/europe-lines-up-initial-3-4-billion-refugee-deal-with-turkey, 
  there 's no obligation . 
  that 's why a lot of money will be paid to turkey to keep those borders shut . 
  is germany doctorophobic and engineerophobic ? 
  why are they retraining them with apprenticeships ? 
  no , man , did n't you hear from german redditors ? 
  the people who want merkel gone are nazis or racists or actually want merkel to do a lot more for refugees . 
  it worked because the american identity was promoted as something to be desired . 
  patriotism is always on their agenda even if it came from simple things such as having us flags around every corner and every building or having the anthem play at every sports event . 
  that mentality is the exact opposite of what these self-lashing countries have today . 
  https://research.stlouisfed.org/fred2/series/ddoi11roa156nwdb for romania , remittance is currently at ~ 2 % of gdp . 
  there are at least 3 million romanians working abroad . 
  with a gdp of $ 200 bn , it comes down to ~ $ 1340 per expat worker / yr . 
  http://www.oecd.org/migration/mig/imo%202012_country%20note%20romania.pdf avg . 
  net wage in romania is $ 5600 / year and another $ 4200 is collected by the state . 
  remittance is far less than what an individual would produce by staying in his country . 
  even bigger difference for people with education and entrepreneurs , who do n't have only a financial impact but also a social one . 
  that will surely help develop africa . 
  syrian victim reports :  a german old lady broke into my hut and tidied up the place . 
  now i ca n't find my ak-47 and my pressure cooker . 
  the title is funny because they show a photo that says `` reserved for sigmar gabriel '' . 
  immigrants in germany produce considerably less than natives and have a neutral impact on gdp and a negative impact on gdp/capita ( standard of living ) . 
  the new wave of immigrants is less skilled than the turks . 
  these questions do n't say much . 
  did they flee because assad was throwing bombs at them , or because he instated mandatory conscription ? 
  you misspelled usa . 
  you mean like the usa-made bombs saudi arabia currently uses in yemen ? 
   bomb luxembourg to the ground ? 
  i support that . 
  can eu really do that , though ? 
  legally , our obligation is explicitly limited to joining eurozone ** once we complete all convergence criterias ** . 
  romania fulfills 4 out of 5 criteria . 
  the 5th criteria requires voluntary entry ( erm-ii ) . 
  it starts when we want it to . 
  sweden uses the same thing to postpone euro entry and it 's been 20 years since they joined eu .
