  are the adult male `` refugees '' also xenophobic and anti-muslim for dragging their children and women in front ? 
  oxford dictionary *  asian  pronunciation : / \u02c8e\u026a\u0292 ( \u0259 ) n / e\u026a\u0283 ( \u0259 ) n /  a native or inhabitant of pakistan , or a person of pakistani descent :  `` many asians work in the oil-exporting countries of the middle east '' ^ ^ ^ * uk ^ ^ ^ press ^ ^ ^ edition, 
  mexicans migrating to america is more similar to eastern europeans migrating to western europe . 
  because socialism managed to crawl into power and it 's being kept in power by those receiving benefits . 
  maybe he heard a funny joke . 
  bring on the gypsy quotas !, 
  orban lets refugees apply for asylum in hungary . 
  those that do n't want to register in hungary are being thrown out . 
  which means he acts exactly as he should , per eu laws . 
  maybe if germany stops being autistic a viable solution can be found . 
  hungary refused quotas even if 50,000 refugees would have been relocated away from it . 
  eastern countries refused quotas even if 6000 euro / refugee is a lot compared to their own resources . 
  instead of asking yourself what is wrong with those who refuse maybe you should ask yourself if something is wrong with the quota . 
  so in your mind a human is exactly the same thing as a wild animal ? 
  my point from op is that a german citizen does n't know how much money germany makes from eu funds investments in eastern europe . 
  and he does n't know because eu does n't provide a transparent assessment of this fact . 
  that is strictly eu budget balance . 
  -15.5 billion $ is money germany receives from eu budget minus money it sends to eu budget . 
  that balance does not include any benefit germany has from money spent by eu in other countries . 
  germany can benefit through : - german companies can access & receive eu funds in other countries - german companies can win contracts paid with eu funds - increased trade - german companies have access to free market and benefit from increased consumption in those countries every single one of these activities sends money back to germany . 
  if the website you are mentioning is ec or eurostat , then it does not have the kind of information i asked for . 
  the german citizen does n't have any accessible information on what he is getting in return for his tax money . 
  can you point out a study that says how much money has flown into germany after the eu invested $ 20 billion in romania ? 
  because that is what matters to a german citizen . 
  it means you terribly misread my op . 
  which part of it is n't true and why not ? 
  it 's not about spent money , i 'm talking about the economic impact of the spent money . 
  when money flows into romania it 's not only romania who benefits . 
  building infrastructure and increasing consumption here means jobs and taxes in the rest of eu . 
   cost-benefit analyses of funds allocation this is what i asked for . 
   and net financial transfers and this is what you answered . 
   are two different issues entirely . 
  indeed . 
  that 's why i called your argument a straw-man . 
  national governments benefit from a streamlined process when accessing eu funds , but in essence , they follow the same rules : they only get money for eu-approved projects . 
  if they do n't follow the project , eu can ( and do ) block the payments . 
  problems arise after projects end and all the money is spent . 
  there are feasibility studies before projects are approved , but there are little to no follow-up studies to investigate their impact ( both in the receiving country and in all other eu countries ) . 
  european citizens do n't know what they are getting for their tax money . 
  you are straw-manning because you are not addressing my issue : the lack of cost & benefit analyses for eu funds . 
  for your case , eu says how much money belgium gives to eu funds but does n't provide reports on how much money returns to belgium from said funds . 
  you seem to be very poorly informed on how eu funding works and how money is being spent . 
  but that only helps prove my point that eu lacks transparency . 
  this hungary / serbia / romania border talks reminded me of an article about 2 cyclists who mistakenly trespassed the protection zone before romania - serbia border and got a fine . 
  [ google translated ] ( https://translate.google.com/translate?sl=auto&amp;tl=en&amp;js=y&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=en&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.opiniatimisoarei.ro%2fdosar-penal-si-amenzi-pentru-biciclistii-care-au-mers-pe-pista-timisoara-serbia-cum-a-fost-posibil%2f17%2f05%2f2015&amp;edit-text=&amp;act=url ) our penal code says that : - illegal entry ( or exit ) in romania is sanctioned with 6 months to 3 years in prison or with penal fine . 
  for repeat offenders : 2 to 7 years in prison . 
  - helping others ( transport , housing , etc ) to enter/leave illegally : 2 to 7 years in prison . 
  - helping others to enter/leave illegally , for financial gain : 3 to 10 years in prison, 
  nice straw man , yo . 
  i blame eu bureaucracy and lack of transparency for giving these german politicians the tools to even attempt blackmailing eastern countries with eu funds . 
  ** europeans are not told where their money goes and what they 're getting in return . 
  ** if eu would be transparent and properly report costs and benefits of eu funds , german people themselves would sack any lunatic who demands cuts . 
  basic income is just a toxic twist of the communist `` right to hold a job . '', 
  basic income : you get money ( resources ) for simply existing . 
  communism : you get a job and a salary for simply existing . 
  productive people end up supporting the least productive people . 
  same ugly face , but with a mask of capitalism . 
  we do n't like communism . 
  we do n't like attempts of applying communist principles to capitalism , either . 
  many people do n't even support welfare , as they see a lot of people abusing it . 
  do n't worry . 
  juncker , mogherini & co will hold another speech about their emotions next week . 
  and they 'll introduce the 300k quota . 
  and everything will be fine , right ? 
  does n't take enlightenment , just common sense . 
  i 'm only familiar with the ones in power , but since german people have told me there 's no real alternative , i guess i can generalize . 
  germans are efficient . 
  german politicians are retards . 
  because hipster imbeciles claim free speech trumps all other rights . 
  nope . 
  quota does n't steer people away from germany nor does it stop the migrant influx . 
  we do n't care about the numbers . 
  i 'm undecided between blocking you because you 're saying dumb stuff and educating you because you 're saying dumb stuff . 
  tell me more about those billions . 
  i think we should build more accomodation , indeed . 
  in mental institutions . 
  in romania . 
  nice heart warming article from a few days ago : ngo refurbishes old house for $ 20,000 for a family of ukrainians . 
  nothing against that , but $ 20,000 here is 15 years ' worth of welfare for a family of 5 . 
  1 person working on a minimum wage gets $ 2,100 net / year and would disqualify that family of 5 from any welfare . 
  median net income is around that sum as well . 
  eu wants us to spend $ 98 million for expanding facilities for refugees . 
  that is not only absurd , but obscene . 
  eu should take its money and go fuck itself . 
  straw man, 
   there 's another question : are you willing , or are you trying to be as incompetent as possible in order to prove to yourself that you 're incapable because you 're too cowardly to admit that you just do n't want to ? 
  i advise you to buy a ticket and visit rural romania . 
  it will help you get a grip on reality while not straying too far from the `` civilized world '' . 
  you 'll learn the reality of being too poor to afford medicine , the reality of being forced to quit school at 12 yo to help parents in subsistence farming and the reality of not having running water or electricity in 2015 . 
  until then , you 're nothing more than a sheltered moron who thinks the whole world is like his living room . 
   10 people per 30k population in every city of 30k or more should do it . 
  are you * seriously * trying to tell me refugees accept accommodation anywhere other than large cities in germany or sweden ? 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yazobrawpqq as i said , there is n't enough room . 
  even if other buildings will be re-purposed to house refugees ( like student dorms or military barracks ) , facilities needed to integrate refugees do n't exist . 
  our president 's message was very clear . 
   if you have no spots then perhaps it 's time to reform your country to make it more efficient so such places are built sure , it 's on the list . 
  right after we get our 5 million citizens out of severe material deprivation . 
  so far i have n't seen a single swede or a german on reddit commenting on eu funds who is n't completely economic illiterate . 
  how the hell does it sound fair ? 
  we have 1800 places for refugees .
