  ~ ~ or cultural relativism in general ~ ~ . 
  the hammer and sickle has different connotations in different countries . 
   srpska how do you pronounce that ? 
  are the salaries high for it jobs in romania ? 
  nice . 
  finally something we agree on . 
  although i doubt there are enough public investment funds to get something like that started without some multinational sticking their noses in . 
  and we do n't really know how much oil and natural gas is hidden under the water . 
   collective bargaining brb , going to apply for membership at my union . 
  although i have a feeling they 're going to use it to lower our wages , lol . 
  huh , i do n't know what your point is but the local authorities , the people of the islands as well as foreign tourists are doing what they can to help them with limited capabilities . 
  it 's human decency . 
  most eastern europeans who post here are so neoliberal they would make milton friedman blush . 
  the greeks are receiving thousands of refugees and immigrants every week . 
  which , by the way , noone seems to discuss atm even though it 's europe 's problem and not greece 's . 
  `` we are so fucking poor !, 
  take that , krugman ! '', 
  if you are still so poor , how are you constantly bragging that you are a triumphant example of liberalism and that you kicked krugman 's ass ? 
  when you reach western european standards of living for the majority of the population , sure , brag all you want . 
   there are plenty of countries in the eu that have been thru worse austerity-wise and their misery was truly not self-inflected , they were simply victims of the crisis not over-borrowing . 
  oh you sure know how to blame everyone except yourselves ( i.e. 
  is n't it a bit too early to brag about it ? 
  they are still poor countries . 
  when they become little swedens and denmarks and can sustain it they can brag all they want . 
  we are sorry syriza 's apparent failure to negotiate a better deal has condemned you guys to 5 more years of fine gael/fianna fail . 
  implying there is no corruption in france , belgium or germany . . heck , even schauble himself was involved in a corruption scandal . 
   that 's the way of the north : rules can not be bent ... is that really the truth though ? 
  i think it 's a myth and a stereotype . 
  how is this shit getting upovted ? 
  first of all , turkey has n't helped , davutoglu just said they might help after a hdp ( kurdish ) mp asked him . 
  and even if they did help it would n't be completely selfless , turkey and greece have economic relations and a greek crash would probably damage the turkish economy . 
  also , there has been a recent history of greece helping turkey and turkey helping greece , during the earthquakes of the 90s . 
  it 's what decent people do , you know . 
  do n't worry , the class stratification between the different suburbs of athens has n't changed much since 2011 . 
  but yeah , you can safely assume the average income is down since then . 
  and after tomorrow , it 's going to fall to 50 % . 
  that 's the fucking point . 
  you ca n't prove whether he was telling the truth or whether he was lying . 
  there is no accountability , no transparency . 
  so yeah , i do n't trust him but then i do n't trust jean-claude `` we were only 50mil away from a deal , i swear '' juncker either . 
   quote where you got the idea that i believe everything coming from the other side ? 
  you 're right , i do n't remember having read any other post from you . 
  i was pissed by the general attitude in this thread with people trying to spin this article whichever way they please . 
   both varoufakis and tsipras were saying a deal would be done within 24 hours of the election and the eu officials were saying `` no '' means you 're out of the euro . 
  most people here have drunk the kool-aid as far as the eu is concerned . 
  like a british redditor said : `` they are nationalists of a nation that does n't even exist '' . 
   the eu is a place for working together , not fighting did you even read the fucking article ? 
  there is no `` european under class '' , until ( if ) we become a united country there are only classes within countries . 
  since they 're not keeping minutes , it 's his word vs anyone else 's . 
  why do n't they keep minutes ? 
  ah yes i forgot , it 's because eurogroup is an * informal * body . 
  i ca n't believe people are so extremely suspicious of the greek government while at the same time believing all the others are saying the truth . 
  juncker and the rest have been caught lying again and again , you ca n't be that blinded by your eu fanboyism ffs . 
  varoufakis can write all he want , but they 're gon na spin it `` oh he 's just bitter he failed , the greeks are n't trustworthy anyway , he 's lying '' and so on . 
  the reported hostile atmosphere inside the closed meetings confirms timothy geithner 's account of the g8 meeting in 2010 ( which the german media also consider a liar ) . 
  noone had a problem with the us when they pressured for the eastern european countries to enter the eu ( and receive eu funds accordingly ) , eh ? 
  i say we show the latvians and lithuanians some eu solidarity , get plane tickets for 10000 syrians and send them to riga and vilnius . 
  jesus , you seriously believe the reason there has n't been a deal in the past 5 months is because the greek negotiators did n't have any proposals ? 
  when schauble and co. say `` the greeks came empty-handed '' what they really mean is `` they did n't bring something we agree on '' . 
  oh sweet , innocent child . 
  the french help is in the vein of `` show me what you got and i 'll help you change it to something that germany will be more willing to accept '' . 
  they are just mediators . 
  not being part of eurozone and having a decorative position also helps i guess . 
  they are loans . 
  and only a tiny percentage has gone to actually pay something in greece . 
  the endless bailouts and loans are the drug addiction in this case , wanting to end them is rehab . . 
  hey liberals of / r/europe , are n't you the ones constantly calling on greece to start fighting corruption , tax evasion , clientelism and crony capitalism ? 
  guess what ? 
  the greek media , owned by the shipping , banking and construction oligarchs are at the heart of this . 
   they do already have access to the mediterranean . 
  sevastopol in crimea sevastopol is in the black sea . 
  to get to the mediterranean you have to pass through the dardanelles/hellespont and then the aegean , which are controlled by turkey and greece . 
   the fact that the base in tartus is nearly abandoned does rather indicate that russia is not interested in having another base in greece . 
  the fact that syria is a post-apocalyptic hellhole the past 4 years might have more to do with it . 
  why bother investing in tartus when in 2 years it might be surrounded by jihadists or a pro-american government ? 
  the only reason russia does n't show an open interest in a greek base is because that 'd be seen as a clear provocation against the us and nato . 
   i still think it 's amazing they actually prosecuted socrates . 
  did they make him drink the poison ? 
   make that 20-30 haha the hyperbole in these discussions is amusing . 
  anyone who believes it takes 30 years for an economy to adjust after a currency change has no clue about economics whatsoever . 
  lol , no he wo n't . 
  a big percentage of the 62 % that voted no are ok with leaving the ez . 
  not * happy * , but they have accepted that it can happen . 
  after all , that 's the dilemma almost all eu officials and governments put to the greeks before the referendum : no means you 're leaving the ez . 
  also , in greece there is no opposition at the moment . 
  maybe if we leave the ez and things are tragic in 6 months time , maybe there will be demonstrations , riots , etc. 
  but imo in such a scenario a military coup is more probable than a popular overthrow of tsipras . 
  he obviously does n't understand how these things work . 
  red cross , looool . 
  paul mason is indeed an embedded syriza reporter by now , but : 1 ) that 's no different from other journalists who only have their sources in the german government or the ec . 
  he 's just sincere about it . 
  2 ) no offence , but unless you 're greek you do n't really understand all the implications these accusations ( \u0393\u03b5\u03c1\u03bc\u03b1\u03bd\u03bf\u03c4\u03c3\u03bf\u03bb\u03b9\u03ac\u03b4\u03b5\u03c2 ) have . 
  3 ) this twitter user , @greekanalyst , is n't just a syriza critic , he 's a right-wing troll . 
  again , you could n't know if you 're not active in greek twitter . 
  ultimately , he should n't have said anything . 
  ouch . 
  i hope you 're not serious ... 
   everyone that owns a bank account should be aware that the bank uses that money to speculate on the market . 
  is that the new narrative ? 
  that the people who put their money in the bank are ultimately to blame ?
