  he declared in the 1937 ( i think ? ), 
  soviet constitution that all class differences had ceased to exist in the soviet union and that it had reached the communist stage of society , which is laughable . 
  so yeah , he even contributed to the west wrongly calling these societies communist , when in fact they were problematic , authoritarian socialist societies with a lot of capitalist elements in them . 
  2 years is a very short time when the current crisis is already 7 years old . 
  the hate olympics are going strong . 
  ca n't wait til the next greek bailout drama to see if we can try and challenge for 1st place again . 
  maybe you should start jerking off , it 's obvious you need some activity to vent your frustrations . 
   `` are you fucking retarded ? 
  you can swim to fucking spain . '', 
  i am sure you know better than him . 
  a few more years in the eurozone and you wo n't feel that guilty . 
  this does n't account for the ways certain economies benefit massively from being in the eu and more importantly in the eurozone , while others suffer for it . 
  it 's not the connection to the us that 's important , it 's the fact that many of us can empathise with the plight of refugees and immigrants . 
  is it because our countries used to be poor while others here come from rich countries and have comfortable backgrounds ? 
  maybe , i do n't know . 
  two of my great-grandfathers emigrated to the us , my grandma came to greece from izmir/smyrna because of [ the war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/great_fire_of_smyrna ) . 
  it does n't mean i necessarily support all open borders or whatever , it just means i can feel empathy on a human level . 
  / u/profix just posted a poem whose sentiment they agree with , they did n't say it 's a law . 
  he/she is irish and emigration to the us is an important part of ireland 's modern history . 
  what the fuck is wrong with you people ? 
  navalny has made nationalistic remarks in the past and i do n't speak russian , sorry for not seeing it was sarcasm . 
  social democrats are n't left-wing . 
  like dijsselobloem is n't left-wing . 
  but regardless of semantics , i am still waiting for an analysis of how urban segregation , ghettoization and gentrification can be considered leftist or socialist policies . 
  just wait a few more weeks and we will have breitbart articles posted here . 
  yes , it 's also a left-wing policy , did n't you know ? 
  marx clearly wrote about it in volume 2 of the capital . 
  do n't bother with the election results and the right-wing governments usa , belgium , france , germany have had all these years , they are secretly controlled by communists . 
  i read it in ~ ~ stormfront ~ ~ reddit so it must be true . 
  holy poe 's law !, 
  ahhh , karl popper . 
  funny how all the liberals ( in the european sense of the term ) put these convenient asterisks on their precious freedom ^ ^ tm, 
  lol , was n't he the anti-putin guy that got arrested and western media treated like a hero ? 
  * `` dae it 's literally the same as quoting mein kampf ???? 
  i love the * banter * that occasionally takes place in the british parliament . 
  you do n't want to know , trust me . 
   islam is not a race `` judaism is n't a race , therefore hitler was n't racist '', 
  yeah , pretty much . 
  but i do n't think turkey would tolerate a greek-controlled cypriot junta even if they did n't intend to call a referendum for union with greece . 
  it was a criminal , treacherous decision on behalf of the greek junta and it would be really interesting to learn the whole truth some time in the future . 
  or ban fetish porn like britain did . 
  then reddit is up in arms , lol . 
  yeah , but they are n't even consistent about rights and principles . 
  it is `` might makes right '' when it suits them , `` morals and principles '' when it does n't . 
  i like how you randomly threw the tito assassination attempts and koenigsberg in there . 
   in 1974 it looked likely that they would vote to formally become part of greece that 's not true . 
  the greek military dictatorship at the time ( supported by the us , btw ) orchestrated a coup and ousted the cypriot president makarios , which gave turkey a pretty great excuse to invade cyprus . 
  she was bosnian muslim . 
   defending territorial integrity is n't some nato members solely practice . 
  its the right of every country on earth by international law . 
  except for syria , apparently . 
   when did politics become a soap opera ? 
   some misogynists could argue the moment we let women participate way to go , / r/europe !, 
  turkey taking lessons from us cops . 
  but this is ` disputed ' . 
  it 's not like the turkish-syrian border that 's totally 100 % clear and has n't been violated a million times by dozens of factions the last 4 years / s, 
  so islamists advocating for sharia law in poland is fair game as long as they do n't attack anyone , right ? 
  i am sure these life skills would protect you if skinhead thugs attacked you just because they took these offensive ` jokes ' a bit too seriously . 
  how about `` all these filthy romanians and bulgarians coming here to the uk and stealing our jobs and welfare '', 
  do you believe the same about the people thrown in jail because they tweeted support for rioting during the august 2011 riots in london ? 
  edit : that 's what i thought . 
  free speech ^ ^ only ^ ^ for ^ ^ those ^ ^ i ^ ^ agree ^ ^ with, 
  if they hate russia so much why do they keep going to / r/russia ? 
   nato is lead by russophilic scum , just like the eu and the us lel, 
   after further consideration , putin 's only goal in the syrian war is to destabilize nato by blurring the lines of who is an ally and who is n't , turkey is n't an ally of the west in this war yet they are members of nato . 
  forgot your tinfoil hat . 
  so you are allowed to offend minorities but not the catholic church . 
  got it . 
  all edgy redditors are like that until they have their feelings hurt . 
  * `` because we do n't want to look like a filthy romanian or something . 
  '' * honestly , these smug , rich , racist pricks are the famous sweden democrats reddit has idolised ? 
  they look like total douchebags and in the video they also seem to hang out with your usual neonazi types . 
  we have treated them like shit because we consider them `` filthy turks '' and they have n't been radicalised , so i believe we are good . 
  glorious neolithic farmers from the mediterranean travelled to northern europe and gave them civilisation . 
  finland fought bravely and the ussr suffered a lot of losses , sure . 
  i can see why many people sympathise with the finns . 
  but i just do n't see how it can be considered a strategic failure when  finnish concessions and territorial losses exceeded those demanded by the soviets pre-war . 
  also , finland lost the continuation war and was forced to join the allies , ussr won ww2 and finland was forced to take a neutral stance during the cold war . 
   russia lost a war to finland except they ussr did n't lose . 
  which kind of invalidates your whole argument . 
  basketball , by far . 
  volleyball or water polo would be a distant third . 
  basketball is actually really close in popularity to football . 
  i believe there was a time during the mid '90s when it was slightly more popular than football , but football regained the 1st place after european success in club and national level . 
   the failings of the `` all welcome '' group more like the failings of integration in northern european societies . 
  greece has a sizeable muslim population , both native and recently immigrated , yet noone has attempted to join isis . 
  thanks, 
  thanks, 
   the first track ( after a mercifully short weird intro cacophonic zoom ) is based on the oldest known piece of music ever set down - iirc it was on a pot / ostricon for use in aeschylus ' oresteia you got any links for that ? 
  i was under the impression that there is no evidence on how ancient greek music sounded , or even how the spoken ancient greek language sounded like . 
  yeah , i should 've made it clear i meant it being used as a political symbol , for political parties , demonstrations , etc. 
  an old lady in rural latvia knitting tablecloth with swastika ornaments because her mother taught her this design is obviously a different thing . 
  i agree that fascism is being used as a catch-all term for everything people disagree with . 
  the problem is that even among political scientists there is n't a consensus on a clear definition of what fascism is politically and historically . 
  : sigh : there are dozens of ancient greek and roman vases , floors , jewels with swastikas on them . 
  we do n't consider them ethnic symbols . 
  get over it . 
  stop using it . 
   i 'm sure that if their opponent could prove they were fascist they would lose i do n't know about latvia , but most legal systems do n't contain definitions of political movements . 
  i can not understand how a court can decide whether a political party adheres to a certain ideology or not .
