  the oecd charts someone linked to here in / r/europe yesterday prove that . 
  i do n't know what you 've been told but there is no western europe style social net here , there never was . 
  which is one of the reasons the pensions system is bloated ( it is used to support more than it should ) . 
  i like both !, 
  i am not irish though , the shamrock is the symbol of my favourite football team , 
  ah ok , i missed the international brigades reference . 
  if they google him and see he was associated with the frankfurt school they 'll probably conclude he is a ` commie ' , ` pinko ' or some other cold war era term . 
   greek slackers if 1/10th of the troika 's ` best-practice reforms ' asked of greece were to be applied to the norwegian public sector ( 50 % of gdp ) , you 'd all be up in arms . 
  so either be polite or shut up , not everyone is lucky enough to be born in the saudi arabia of europe . 
  i have family and friends working for norwegian companies and i know for a fact that slackness in the norwegian economy is non-zero , to put it mildly . 
  that 's not what i asked . 
  but [ you 're welcome anyway ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/molotov_cocktail#spanish_civil_war ) . 
  why the fuck are you getting downvoted ? 
  this is great !, 
  what has the spanish civil war got to do with 10 people getting arrested for throwing molotov cocktails ? 
  eh , everybody who is given the opportunity * will * reddit at work . 
  source : this sub, 
  ok , whatever :p, 
  relax man , no shame in being part of southern/eastern europe . 
  the only western european countries are ireland , uk , france , spain and portugal and we are rather far from them . 
  hello balkan friend . 
  unlike many eastern europeans , we do n't have a complex with who we are . 
  so yeah , call us whatever you like , we do n't care . 
  fwiw / u/lordemort13 is wrong , we are not in western europe . 
  but it 's funny that the only people who bothered answering him are from eastern europe . 
  you should stop hating your identity and history , it 's not healthy . 
  came here to see exactly this kind of comments . 
  was n't disappointed . 
  `` no you 're not , fellow northerner !, 
  you obviously deserve it !, 
  do n't feel bad over some illegals playing the sentimental card ! '', 
   he was not even allowed to go home to pack his stuff before leaving . 
  and this is good ? 
  he did n't steal or kill someone , jesus . 
  i am not in the mood to support tsipras in any way , but the g8 in genoa was a huge demonstration and there were a lot of people from other countries . 
  and the italian police used very suspect practices while arresting and beating people up . 
  by ` huge debt write-off ' i assume you mean the psi . 
  which btw is a major reason the greek pension funds are now fucked up . 
  greece is n't a ` western industrial nation ' , the big majority of employment comes from small businesses , which can evade tax more easily . 
  it 's not a ` cultural ' thing , it 's largely a consequence of greek capitalism 's structure . 
  yet i see west germans constantly complaining about the ` solidarity tax ' . 
  kinda reminds me of the whole germany-greece debate . . one side argues they pay a lot of cash , the other side that the overall benefits from the status quo far outweigh those cash payments . 
  italy is in the g8 . . southern italy maybe . 
  i agree . 
  the problem is people do n't trust schauble , they think all this ` help after grexit ' talk is a scam and that he 'll try to fuck us even more after we leave . 
  and yet * he * is the one who 's been negotiating and implementing them for the last 5 years . 
  way of life ? 
  i need to tell my parents who have been paying taxes all their lives . 
  about time . 
  the left has been in love way too long and way too much with the eu . 
  this is the tombstone of the eurocommunist strategy . 
  ah yes , the famous structural reforms ( tm ) such as the size of bread and sunday shopping . 
  dozens of major european and american newspapers have been calling it as it is , humiliation , capitulation , punishment , even the idiot slovak minister saying `` greece is punished for its ` syriza spring ' '' , yet people here are still calling it a fair agreement . 
  just amazing . 
   i believe that yes would have won . 
  lol . 
  you must live in another country . 
  lol , get that weak spin outta here . 
  noone 's blaming the british and the scandis , it 's a terrible bailout plan that everyone 's says is not going to work and if followed ensures they wo n't get their money back . 
  well , that escalated quickly . 
  actually , the ministry of finance passed a bill to help insolvent small businesses pay their taxes in installments and it was going relatively well . 
  the new agreement forces the government to repeal that law and all others the creditors consider ` unilateral actions ' , as part of syriza 's humiliation parade i suppose . 
  why should the british left blindly support a european union which considers the abolishment of collective bargaining and trade unions to be a ` necessary structural reform ' for greece ? 
   is that true ( or even a norm ? ), 
  that tax collectors were called off in the years when general elections were held ? 
  \u039d\u03bf , it 's not true . 
  which book says that ? 
   europe must now campaign for the uk to leave the union . 
  oh yes , please . 
  ca n't wait for some idiot from brussels to make an offensive , patronising comment to the brits . 
  this is bound to go well   allies with the xenophobe far-right yeah , we 've seen how caring the eu is of the refugees and immigrants . 
  for the past month they 've been acting like they do n't exist , while the greek islands are struggling to house them and feed them with their banks closed . 
  good news . 
  you do understand the british left has been arguing in favour of the eu for the last 20-30 years , right ? 
  i am sure it 's not a decision they have taken lightly . 
  the problem is the european philhellenic ( `` pro-greece '' ) movement of the 19th century focused exclusively on the ancient greek part of our history . 
  greece was the central part of the eastern roman empire but it 's not stressed that much because byzantium was considered backward and reactionary . 
  which is correct in many ways , but it 's not like greece disappeared in 146 bc and suddenly reemerged in 1821 . 
  you are right . 
  i hope those syriza mps who have some dignity left are going to reject this farce . 
  it 's a deal almost universally agreed to be bad for the ez taxpayers and bad for greece , and it 's not even 2 days old . 
  seriously , the euroskeptic finns guys are right . 
  why should they pay for this deal , when the imf is considering it doomed to fail from day 1 ? 
  lol . 
  estonia thinks we are something like the wild west . 
  yeah , those of us that do not own a business or provide services , ** we pay taxes every fucking year ** . 
  what do you think , once a year they ask us if we 'd like to pay our tax and we can just refuse ? 
   some of the reforms now demanded are actually things the greek nation needs . 
  oh come on , we have all read the agreement by now . 
  tackle tax evasion ? 
  yes . 
  pension reform ? 
  sure . 
  but half of the measures we are about to vote into law do n't even exist in the advanced countries . 
  why the fuck is sunday shopping considered a super-important reform ? 
  is firesale privatisations of every critical piece of infrastructure a progressive reform ? 
  come on . 
   #greece ordered to do reforms never done in italy , france . 
  sunday trading ? 
  in germany ?
