  did fox news , bild , the sun , daily mail cease to exist ? 
  because these are as anti-pc as it gets . 
  i did n't see any political correctness in the media during the 5 year long coverage of the greek crisis . 
  noone got tried or jailed for it by the mythical cultural marxist pc censors . 
  what are you people arguing against ? 
  i find it amusing how all this anti-pc rhetoric eventually boils down to their ability to spew hate and abuse people like they used to . 
  [ in the words of the great stewart lee ] ( https://youtu.be/bmsv1tuesrc?t=91 ), 
  that 's just not true . 
  not for all european countries anyway . 
  edit : greece and cyprus have had a close relationship with the levantine countries historically . 
  there are greek orthodox christians in syria , for example . 
  it 's not funny , unfortunately . 
  after the paris attacks there were a lot of edgy redditors going around and cynically declaring that yes , french lives matter more than lebanese or indian lives because france belongs to the west while the others `` are shitholes anyway '' . 
  you can see the same in the immigration threads , some even cheer on the drownings of syrian children because `` that will deter the rest of them from coming to europe '' . 
  the left has given up because this sub has become reuropean lite . 
  also , a lot of greeks , russians , french and others have left because at periods people would downvote them just for their flair . 
  * looks at username * ooooh , nevermind . 
  you are not a wehraboo , the poles sure know how many war crimes were carried out by the wehrmacht . 
  i just think there are many misconceptions about ww2 that people believe due to the way the war is taught and depicted . 
  germany being militarily superior to the allies and ussr winning the war just because they threw numbers is one of the biggest . 
   at least hitler knew of strategy , stalin did n't , so he ordered many soldiers to die . 
  hitler , the guy who decided to invade the soviet union and declare war on the us , knew of strategy ? 
  you probably do n't understand what strategy means . 
   at least nato did it 's job . 
  dropping bombs is easy , actually managing the fucking country is the hard part . 
  so many successful states these bombings have created ... 
  yeah , i meant the island ( albion ? ), 
  without scotland , basically . 
  england looks like a reverse greece in this map , lol . 
  where is your empire now ?? 
  it has a couple lines about wild animals living in crete , but some say it 's an allegory for the cretan rebels who hid in the mountains and fought the turks . 
  [ one of my favourite cretan folk songs ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=og6wzovfgao ) [ a famous rebetiko song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hjeb6zaskx0 ) edit : lol @ the person downvoting all the greek songs . 
  so which part of all that was not reported by the media ? 
  are you seriously suggesting islamist terrorism is under-reported by the western media ? 
  as it should . 
  fighting is quite the exercise . 
  yeah , i know he meant yellow skin . 
  it was cringey as fuck . 
  greece and cyprus can into western european looks like . 
  santorini among the cheapest ? 
  whaaaaat ? 
  lol !, 
  greek nationalists and religious nuts have a similar prophecy that says `` greece will be liberated by the blonde nation '' , implying russia . 
  so you are saying that afghanistan is dangerous for them to return ? 
  another glorious capitulation by tsipras and co. . one starts to wonder whether they have ever really negotiated anything and this is just a show from all sides . 
   east germany , because it still exists , although relocated in a warmer place and now quite inoffensive . 
  wow , til . 
   the republic of molossia , a micronation in the united states , is at war with east germany because of this island . 
  also reagan saying they need to protect the devout muslims from the communist atheists in afghanistan . . 
  funny how the left is constantly accused of being emotional , moralistic and not rooted in reality when the discussion yesterday showed exactly the opposite . 
  this is n't exactly true . 
  isis and al qaeda are madmen but there is some method to their madness . 
  i might sound cynical for saying this , but the fact that countries like germany and greece have n't been targeted ( yet ) is n't a coincidence . 
  tony benn was an honest social democrat . 
  his son starting his labour leadership campaign with a speech supporting the conservatives in a bombing vote is n't a good omen at all . 
  a lot of users here are seriously advocating that the refugee camps should be as horrid and inhumane as possible so that they act as a deterrent for more refugees coming to europe . 
  these people want greece to create and maintain mini-guantanamos in the aegean , lol . 
  `` if only greece bombed syria and armed shady islamist types like we do , then refuse to help refugees who try to flee the hell we helped create '', 
  when did we complain about mandatory quotas ? 
  i thought greece was among the few countries that were with germany on this . 
  i am keeping an eye on the guardian live feed and cameron just repeated the claim that there are 70,000 moderate anti-assad fighters in syria , and he 's not including the kurds in this figure . 
  i am no expert on syria and i 'd love to see an analysis of this claim in / r/syriancivilwar , but to me this looks like he is whitewashing al nusra and all the saudi/turkey backed islamist jihadists . 
  sweden used to be reddit 's and 4chan 's utopia , because they imagined it as this awesome aryan nation with beautiful women , free stuff for white people , atheism , etc. 
  when they realised that most swedes are actually decent , progressive people who treat immigrants humanely and they are n't just internet ` brogressives ' who care only about themselves , they became so butthurt that the sweden circlejerk made a complete 180 and all the dank memes about swedistan began . 
  it 's been well documented in the various meta subs , just do a search for ` sweden ' . 
  have the liberal democrats decided to support david cameron 's plan for airstrikes in syria ? 
  if yes , why ? 
  / r/europe : where the same people who vehemently deny the existence of al-qaeda in syria will bitch about refugees and `` islamisation of europe '' . 
  here in greece , humanities and law students are still required to learn ancient greek and latin in order to get to a university . 
   gdp does not account for quality of life well , sweden consistently ranks among the top 5 in quality of life indices too , but considering you 're an american i am not surprised you do n't know how to read countries ' names . 
  that 's the problem though , in all seriousness . 
  our # 1 potential military danger by far is turkey ( sorry fyrom , albania , bulgaria ) . 
  turkey does have other potential ` fronts ' like syria , russia , kurds but it would only help the turkish economy if they could slow down their spending in regards to greece . 
  spending so much only helps nationalist politicians in both countries and the people selling weapons to both of us - which happen to also be members of nato . 
  then clearly nato is doing a shit job as `` an alliance for peace '' . 
   with the greeks and italians its policing the mediterranean i sure as hell hope we are n't expected to police an area that includes libya , egypt , israel , palestine , syria , lebanon , cyprus and turkey . 
  what could possibly go wrong ? 
  are the pkk kurds the same people as the backwards islamist kurds ? 
  a lot of kurds in turkey vote for erdogan and some have even joined isis in syria and iraq . 
  but i bet they are n't the same who support hdp , pkk or the ypg in syria . 
   practice run practice run ... for what ? 
   i prevent putting myself in a situation where i would be stuck in a mass shelter with other young men and nothing to do . 
  i am sure you put a lot of effort into being born in the right country . 
  dumping people in horrible ghettos like the jungle in calais is not left wing politics . 
  with all that bullshit narrative going around reddit next thing we 'll hear the ghettos in us cities were the work of communist spies . . 
  is n't sweden supposed to become a third-world country any minute now ? 
  reddit lied to me !, 
  walter duranty is literally obama ? 
  what 's more naive is to believe capitalism is the final form of human social evolution . 
  human societies with a certain degree of organisation exist for thousands of years , capitalism as a global system is only ~ 300 years old . 
   state capitalism is just a term marxist made up whenever communist attempts failed . 
  it wasnt communism it was capitalism . 
  afaik only a certain trotskyist group supports the analysis that su was a state capitalism society . 
  it 's not a matter of ideological purity . 
  the very definition of communism is the absence of classes and more importantly * the state * . 
  both of these did n't remotely hold true for the eastern bloc societies . 
   for some reason having agenda of eliminating a class of people is not such a big of an issue . 
  you probably are aware of this , but just for conversation 's sake : when marx , engels and lenin in their theoretical works talk about eliminating a class they do n't mean * physically * eliminating the members of this class . 
  they mean stripping them of economic and political power . 
   there are lots of progressives who still believe stalin was communist , while actually quite the opposite he ruined the project and the notion of communism .
