  yeah and the vast majority of victims in attacks perpetrated by islamists are muslims . 
  in fact , from what i gather at least 7 out of the 9 victims of yesterday 's shooting in munich were muslim ( 3 kosovar-albanian , 3 turkish and the 1 greek , who was from our muslim minority ) . 
  there is a minority that feels nostalgia for these periods ( see : golden dawn voters ) but the vast majority sees them in a negative light . 
  the 1967-1974 dictatorship is directly responsible for the partition of cyprus so it 's kinda hard to argue it benefited greece from a patriotic/nationalistic point of view . 
  the junta nostalgics mostly use the argument that there was no corruption back then , which is of course bullshit . 
  nice ad hominem , but yes , my country has the misfortune of participating in multiple wars during the last 100 years , so forgive me for valuing peace . 
  where are you from ? 
  if nato was about having `` valuable members '' then it would only have 5-6 countries in it , and - suprise ! - both greece and turkey would be among them . 
  it 's funny you 've made me say this because i am not even a supporter of nato . 
  if you are a supporter of nato and wish turkey was kicked out then you do n't understand geopolitics . 
  yeah , we had a few from 1900 to 1974 . 
  the 2 biggest ones were 1936-1940 which was semi-fascist and 1967-1974 which was lighter but resulted in the invasion of cyprus by turkey . 
  it 's easy to get that impression because for some reason the wikipedia article on the 1980 coup is empty . 
  my mother just today met a kurd living in greece who escaped after evren 's regime had locked him up and there are lots of turkish leftists and pkksympathisers that took asylum here . 
  even if it was relatively bloodless , bear in mind that this was a period when the army was much stronger , it had the backing of the us and the elected government was n't as popular as it is today . 
  do n't underestimate the people of turkey , they 're more westernised than you think and a military coup in 2016 would n't go down easily . 
  if the attempt last friday was more successful it would lead imo to a situation like iran in 1979 , with huge demonstrations and crack down by the army . 
  whoever side won it would be worse than today . 
  but let 's wait and see how things unfold , no one can know for sure . 
  the problem is that this idealised version of capitalism with a high level of education and democratic institutions and a large middle-class is n't achievable worldwide . 
  capitalism is an economic system and it can do great for itself even without democracy . 
  in fact , in some countries it thrives exactly because the political system is authoritarian . 
  all these electronics billionaires in china would n't be so rich if they had to respect worker 's rights and environmental laws . 
  just because third world ( `` developing '' ) countries do n't look like sweden or france does n't mean they are n't capitalist . 
  something something habsburg jaw, 
  erdogan is authoritarian and the situation in turkey is bad , but do you really think it would be preferable to have a dictator with 10 % popularity instead of a dictator with 45 % ? 
  some educated , middle-class turks are going to emigrate for sure , but having a low-level civil war with killings , bombings , demonstrations that get massacred by the army , etc would be * a lot * worse . 
   how many people do you think die of hunger in capitalist countries ? 
  it happens in africa , asia , latin america . 
  most of them are capitalist countries . 
   there 's plenty of food for everyone , even for the homeless . 
  that 's optimistic . . 
  keep on dreaming, 
   really sad the coup failed . 
  you all motherfuckers would be the first to cry about turkish immigrants coming to europe if the coup had succeeded and a civil war was about to break out in turkey . 
  you know what 's the first safe country from turkey ? 
  mine . 
  so yeah , fuck this `` really sad the coup failed '' bullshit . 
   and reviving the violent conflict with the kurds shortly before the elections also helped to make people vote for a `` strong man '' . 
  thatcher did the same trick with falklands in the 1980s . 
  us presidents have done it multiple times . 
  are political tricks something erdogan invented ? 
  please . 
  letizia to me looks a lot like queen rania of jordan , who is palestinian , sooo ... 
  so anyone who dies of hunger and poverty in the world today is a victim of capitalism , right ? 
  wow , the mental gymnastics are strong with this one . 
  do n't mind them , it 's the usual anti-muslim circlejerk going amok again . 
  oh and most of them were praising erdogan when turkey downed that russian plane in syria a few months back . 
  / r/europe is gon na / r/europe, 
   and they fell what the fuck does that mean ? 
  it would n't be the first or the last time a developed country has a dictatorial regime . 
   remember when people used to cite turkey as the example of how a muslim nation could be civilised ? 
  what 's having a dictatorial regime got to do with a society being civilised ? 
  were spain and portugal not civilised countries during their 40 year dictatorships ? 
  was germany not a civilised country pre-1933 ? 
  you must be new here then . 
  but [ there you go ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4tqejl/isis_germany_train_attacker_may_be_of_pakistani/d5jejiu ), 
  not this shit again . . who 's going to kick them out of nato ? 
  the us who put them in ? 
  do you think turkey needs nato more than nato needs turkey ? 
  this sub did n't seem so frightened when its members have been calling for suspension of immigrants ' human rights 24/7 during the last year . . 
  tony blair left ? 
  excuse me i 've got to puke, 
  people who consider versailles treaty to be harsh should check sevres . 
  i have no clue how the entente idiots who devised it ( including our own ) thought this could be implemented . 
  sorry for the wrong info , i assumed for some reason that since portugal was in nato , spain would be as well . 
  sorry if i sound condescending , but i urge you to read up on nato 's early history and initial members , its mission , its role in the internal politics of its members states and its post-1990s identity crisis and recent expansion . 
  also , in which planet turkey * is n't * a strong and capable country , militarily ? 
  because on planet earth it surely is and believe me , the brits know it all too well . 
  lol , it 's the same in greece . 
  ancient greece - byzantium - greek war of independence in primary school , then start again from the beginning in junior high school and then the same again in high school . 
  unless you take the humanities classes in your final year . 
  greek civil war ? 
  nah , it 's too soon to teach them , maybe in a hundred years / s, 
  how naive are you ? 
  jesus ... do you think turkey needs nato more or nato needs turkey ? 
  spain , greece , portugal , turkey all had dictatorial regimes will being members of nato . . hell , in greece 's and turkey 's cases they were regimes backed by the us ( and nato of course ) . 
  hope you 're joking . 
  not sure in this sub anymore . . 
  no , they did n't have a majority , it was a hung parliament . 
  [ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_federal_election,_november_1932] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_federal_election,_november_1932 ), 
  you do n't know anything about the muslim minority in greece , do you ? 
  your actual knowledge on the issue does n't matter , he wo n't stop unless his bigoted worldview gets validated by imaginary internet points . 
  so we should support the elected governments you like and try to overthrow the ones you do n't . 
  got it . 
  i am going to ask for your wisdom next time i 'm conflicted, 
  you do n't need to , hitler was not elected . 
   wtf is wrong with everyone here ? 
  the usual bigoted anti-muslim stuff, 
  hitler was not elected , he was appointed chancellor . 
  bush was elected but i do n't see anyone advocating a military coup in the usa . 
  fantasising about the mass killing of muslims ? 
  it must be another saturday on reddit.com !, 
  the comments here are so bigoted and ignorant , i feel sorry for you neighbours . 
  all you shitty armchair generals realise turkey is the 2nd largest military in nato and one of the strongest ? 
  or that turkey is easily in the top5 geostrategically important countries in the whole fucking world and thus an invaluable ally to the us ? 
  not to mention nato ca n't even keep a place like iraq in order , they do n't have a chance in hell to conquer countries like turkey or iran without resorting to nuclear warfare . 
  jesus the comments here are so ridiculous i seriously think most are written by teenagers . 
  half of the comments in these threads make me wan na scream in agony . 
   christianity does n't have a legal component to it like islam does .
