  in austria ? 
  over-counter chemists ? 
  anywhere non-uk ? 
  yes . 
  we should just leave . 
  we should have never entered in 2001 obviously , we should have left in 2010 , but it 's not too late , even now . 
   still , germans are much more hated in greece than greeks are in germany . 
  that 's simply not true . 
   they are the dominant economy because they have ** responsible politics , invovled citizens , and diligent workers ** . 
  wow . 
  is that from some textbook for 6 year olds ? 
  i think i 'm going to puke , sorry . 
   the hard working german who are the bad guys noone 's blaming the * hard working german * ( anything else in that bag of stereotypes you got ? ) . 
  if anything , left-wing economists are arguing for higher wages for german workers to increase internal demand in germany . 
  do n't feel sorry , germany is the only eu country where their leaders ( for 10 years now ! ), 
  have such high approval ratings . 
  we 're not far from that . 
  the only parties not tainted with voting the bailouts are going to be kke + the syriza split and golden dawn . 
  golden dawn of course are nazi thugs that only attacked trade-unionists and immigrants , but they will attract the right-wing crowd nonetheless . 
   nothing greece had shown while in crisis has anything to do with our core values . 
  they infact blamed everything on everyone but themselves . 
  there will be no difference when this shit happens to italy . 
  i 'd love to see schauble kick italy out for muh morality reasons , only to see the euro project blow up in his face . 
  but in reality he is just a hypocrite and he wo n't dare treat italy the way he has treated greece . 
  the poor people * are * their voters . 
  giving handouts to the poorest members of society is the bread and butter of populists everywhere , yet you seriously believe syriza just refused to do it . 
  they should look at their own employers and leaders for blame before blaming the greek people . 
  the german businesses are the ones stuffing their pockets while german wages are relatively stagnant , and their politicians are the ones who engineered the whole bailout insanity - it was n't the greek people . 
  but i guess that 's what * bild * is for . 
  why do n't german employees ask for higher wages ? 
  they sure deserve it . 
  why keep pumping the insane trade surpluses which have only made the eurozone more unstable ? 
   the imf can then apply their normal recipe which works well , which includes a devaluation . 
  do they always do that ? 
  if i remember correctly , in argentina the imf argued for a peg to the dollar and their proposed reforms worsened the crisis . 
  what ? 
  modern europe should be grateful towards the french revolution . 
  in greek school books it was like the most important thing ever . 
  to be honest there is no need for wiretaps , there are plenty of ez countries willing to tell everything to the us . 
  or the poll happened before schauble 's plan b ( a ? ), 
  was unveiled . 
  he 's galician is n't he ? 
  is this all part of a plan to make greece catholic ? 
  he sounds way more reasonable than the orthodox leaders . 
  we 've resisted the tiara for 1000 years , dammit francis !, 
  itt : people who believe the euro will exist in 2030 . 
  `` nokia should have made android phones '', 
  i do n't know . 
  i do know they ca n't find 50bn even if every public sector employee sold his kidney . 
  there 's always the nsa . 
  you think he 'd have trouble getting tenure or a talk show without getting involved in politics ? 
  he could still be a star economist , safely blasting merkel and tsipras without a worry in his mind . 
  except they wo n't work , and the northeastern bloc ( tm ) media are going to blame it on lack of willingness and defective greek culture . 
  did you read varoufakis ' interview with the new statesman ? 
  he is claiming he proposed starting to implement a few reforms mutually agreed upon , but was turned down because that would be considered a ` unilateral action ' . 
  and yeah , minimum income is a good reform . 
  do you think they would n't have done it if they could ? 
  it would be a perfectly populist move for a leftist government to do . 
  * `` greece has to do reforms first . 
  end of discussion . 
  '' * * - bucketofdickcheeze * , 2015, 
  are * die linke * voters hoping a syriza government is going to implement * these * reforms ? 
  the question is loaded , because it assumes all the reforms are de facto good . 
  the answers to questions 4 and 5 do n't really add up . 
  how are they agreeing with schauble and at the same time want greece in the euro ? 
  yeah , the bit about bulgaria and romania was a stupid remark . 
  it does n't even make sense , there are many wealthy countries outside the eu that we can look up to . 
  quite ironic : syriza is a direct ideological and political child of kke esoterikou . 
  kke esoterikou 's split with the communist party of greece happened in 1968 over the ussr intervention in prague . 
  the arab spring was named after the prague spring . . 
  if he was so sure this would be understood and well-received among slovaks , why did he delete his tweet ? 
  do we have the full quote in english ? 
  thanks !, 
  the best thing they can do right now is vote for a brexit . 
  i sincerely hope british progressives finally see that the eu is not the instrument to fight tory policies . 
  debt colonies are n't something new . 
  at least i am happy we all agree on this now , because up until one month ago people here were calling us greeks crazy for claiming this is the case , 
  i was referring to luxembourg , but i am sure banks in all countries have their skeletons in the closet , some more than others . 
   europe is set up on one economic discourse `` everyone must be come like germany '' , disregarding any economics that does n't fit in that orthodoxy . 
  and the simple fact the there is no way everyone can run trade surpluses at the same time . 
  it 's pure utopian thinking . 
   so well , nobody bailed them out , depositors with failed banks were forced to lose their money . 
  how dare cypriots share the same banks with corrupt russians ? 
  i am sure all the bank accounts in a certain benelux country are squeaky-clean . . 
  no , they are n't . 
  any other ` proofs ' for your fantasies that greece is like a cross between sicily and zimbabwe ? 
  he 's hoping germany gets greek land and at the same time he 's acting surprised that these audacious greeks are drawing parallels with nazi germany . . 
  self-sufficient on every possible needed drug and medical equipment , no . 
  but the semi-informed , know-it-all mob here does n't know that we do have a drug industry . 
  which , in the case of a deep crisis , would be subsidised and supported to produce more . 
  i mean , poor cuba has been isolated and embargo-ed for 60 fucking years and they have superior health care than the us ( and no , i am not arguing greece should become a new cuba ) . 
  does every other developed nation produce * all * of this ? 
  apart from switzerland , usa , germany , uk , india and maybe a handful of others ? 
  we just have to check the minutes of the eurogroup meetings to see who is telling the truth . 
  oh wait , they do n't exist . 
  everyone has lied in this . 
  everyone . 
  i mean how the fuck is schauble still in office when it 's now clear he has had his own hidden agenda for the past 2-3 years , at least ? 
  it is a fundamentally different position than what the german government has publicly supported . 
  varoufakis at least has the excuse that all of these lies could help ease the bank run and general panic in greece .
