  the mods have no say if 18 month old videos by blatantly racist youtube accounts are to stay or not ? 
  is this current news ? 
  does it contribute to discussion ? 
  yet another article posted in / r/europe that serves no purpose other than to rally the xenophobic and racist hordes of reddit in this sub for brigading . 
  yet another youtube video from a blatantly racist account ( this time it 's `` race4survival '' ) . 
  i hope the mods clean up this mess . 
  edit : just noticed this video is 18 months old wtf . 
  yeah , in greece we had the phenomenon of second generation albanian , romanian , etc immigrants joining golden dawn to fight the new immigrants from pakistan and bangladesh . 
  it is n't a humanitarian crisis on the scale of donbass , syria or eritrea but it is a humanitarian crisis nonetheless . 
  i have seen / r/worldnews threads glorifying the apartheid regime , we are not far from that . 
  should n't these issues have been addressed before the country could join the eu ? 
  another example of the eu going for the quick buck and not thinking about the future , much like the eurozone . 
  lisbon treaty referendum in ireland , was it ? 
  the amount of hate-speech spewed by some eastern europeans in r/europe is amazing . 
  especially from countries that have practically no immigration problem and that are immigrant nations themselves . 
  edit : i want to be more specific . 
  i am talking about romanians , who have been the victim of negative stereotyping in britain , france , italy and even greece . 
  it 's not just the gypsies , do n't fool yourselves . 
  poland has the smallest percentage of foreign-born citizens in europe while polish is the second most spoken language in uk/ireland after the english . 
  serbia and the whole former yugoslavia has seen mass emigration to central/northern europe in the last decades , especially after the bloody civil war of the 90s - remind you of something ? 
   the imf opposes ` bartering ' , whatever this means here . 
  it means : `` i consider cutting pensions a ` structural reform ' so you need to do this and you ca n't substitute it with anything else '' . 
  lmao, 
  does n't get more neofascist than this . 
  edit : i mean it * could * have a swastika , but then it would be taken down by youtube . 
   so if the byproduct of this is that some spies had their cover blown then i have to say i do n't exactly feel sympathetic exactly . 
  these people are n't civilians , they 've volunteered to be agents . 
  their cover getting blown is a risk they 've subscribed to . 
  is turkish intelligence totally controlled by erdogan ? 
  does the army have any influence on it ? 
  it 's a philosophical question . 
  if i was in their position i 'd probably have very different opinions than those i have now . 
  probably different ethics too . 
   and other states like greece wanting certain parts of the middle east we try one tiny bit of western-style imperialism and suddenly we are britain and france !, 
  at least the guy who beat us was a secular reformist !, 
  our small imperialist adventure had a positive outcome for the people of turkey !, 
  we tried into international power relevancy !, 
  * goes and cries in the corner *, 
  trying to somehow spin this into anti-islamic rhetoric . 
  amazing , * bravo * . 
  if the us attempt denazification in * every single * middle eastern country and * every single * time this fails , maybe , i do n't know , the us should stop doing it because ** it does n't work ** ? 
  or even , dare i say , because it was a stupid plan all along ? 
  it 's not a conspiracy when two elected heads of government are vetoing a plan in a eurozone meeting and it 's not a conspiracy theory when another elected official accuses them of having a plan to do so because it 's in their political interest . 
  it 's called politics and diplomacy . 
   `` we found opposing us an axis of powers ... led by the governments of spain and portugal which for obvious political reasons attempted to lead the entire negotiations to the brink , '' said tsipras , who won an election on jan. 25 . 
   `` their plan was and is to wear down , topple or bring our government to unconditional surrender before our work begins to bear fruit and before the greek example affects other countries , '' he said , adding : `` and mainly before the elections in spain . '', 
  i do n't see the word conspiracy here . 
  pasok stands for socialist and both major portuguese parties have social-democracy in their name . 
  neither syriza 's ideology nor their policies are radical left . 
  varoufakis , who is portrayed as * extreme * by european media , is a keynesian economist . 
   fun fact : germany would n't give two shits about greece if greece was n't trying to freeload on other eurozone members . 
  ah yes , good mama merkel caring for her cubs , the other eurozone members . 
  lmao, 
   fabricating absurd conspiracy theories regarding fellow member-states . 
  are you referring to tsipras ' claim that the spanish and portuguese governments have been trying to hinder the greek government since the beginning ? 
  first of all , that 's not a `` conspiracy theory '' , it 's a political opinion , and it 's not even a `` conspiracy '' , it 's rajoy and coelho working for their own * obvious * political interest . 
  i ca n't blame them , everyone in their position would do the same . 
  did n't work out that well for rajoy , eh ? 
  some eu countries love merkel , others not so much : greece , cyprus , italy , spain , portugal , ireland . 
  if syriza is radical left then i 'm che guevara . 
  1970s western european social democracy was way more radical than syriza . 
  golden dawn was surprisingly mainstream during that time ( that is , before the murder of pavlos fyssas and prosecution of gd ) : they polled above 10 % , some newspapers were semi-praising them , lifestyle shows on tv were having interviews with them , etc , so it 's not hard to see how an uneducated * kagkouras * ( our national type of jerk ) thought it was cool to give the sieg heil . 
  he claimed afterwards he did n't know this was the nazi salute and that he had only seen it by gd , though i do n't know if i believe him . 
  i mean , how the fuck can you not know about [ this ] ( https://volkundvaterland.files.wordpress.com/2014/06/adolf-hitler.jpg ) ? 
  hahaha, 
  obviously you are an idiot if you think anti-german sentiment had anything to do with syriza getting elected . 
  it 's only fair you can join your ancient turanic bros hungary , finland and estonia . 
  how is serbia in this map ? 
  the british are , on average , more sympathetic to greece than most continentals and a grexit will only make the whole eu project more unstable in the immediate future so i do n't see how that 's the case . 
  so schaeuble as a gauleiter and german government with swastikas is fair play by you ? 
  because i remember a lot of angry responses by people `` who were charlie '' over those cartoons . 
  they even demanded a newspaper apologise . 
  free capital movement is n't left-wing by any definition . 
  are they comprised of swedish nationals are are they predominantly russian/albanian/italian / insert_other_country_with_international_mafia ? 
  the greek idiot did the sieg heil and has been banned from national teams for life , croatian player simunic chanted some ww2 fascist song along with ultras and was banned from 2014 wc . 
  also includes the clergy , unfortunately . 
  quite interesting how hungary is so far removed from the other finno-ugric speaking areas . 
  kind of ironic seeing how the failure of yanukovich to deal with one such civil ( ish ) uprising is what allowed the current government to become government in the first place . 
  wow , the hate is real . 
  yes and trotskyists hate stalin more than anything in the world . 
  but the r/europe mob does n't care about such details , everyone who is n't a social-democrat or a christian-democrat is considered * insane * by them . 
  how is he `` insane '' ? 
  you 're basically insulting milne the same way / u/phsoftie insulted you . 
  people should stop using psychiatric terms when talking politics . 
  hehehe . 
  he also mentioned the `` culture '' thing . 
  well , he did say * complete * control . 
  also , greece and cyprus happen to be members of both the eu and nato . 
  good luck to the eu negotiating with turkey and israel without us backing , lol . 
  also , in the case of a greek exit from the eu , good luck to croatia : i really hope their border control is strong . 
   its real easy for somebody to pull up something about another country to show that this was n't just particular to greece however . 
  then why do you do it ? 
  i can find more links about strikes in germany for the last 5 years alone . 
  i generally agree with his articles but i ca n't comprehend how he still supports labour . 
  i bet it was a redditor . 
  the wiesenthal center has condemned the baltic states numerous times over what they see as antisemitism and nazi nostalgia . 
  mind you , i do n't agree with their definition of antisemitism and i think the intentions of the baltics are more anticommunist/anti-rusian than they are antisemitic , i am just mentioning it because you brought them up . 
  i agree obama is a warmonger but i am sure g.w. 
  bush would have no problem whatsoever killing lots of people with drones if their use was so widespread 10 years ago . 
  haha , this is such rubbish i am not even mad .
