  there is no conspiracy , this is how politics work . 
  there is no `` bush-clinton establishment '' my friend , the real power in the us is n't limited to two families . 
  did the elites favour clinton over trump ? 
  probably , but they 're going to work with him just fine . 
  yeah , it 's bullshit . 
  watch how the same old wall street and military-industrial complex types become part of his administration . 
  i do n't believe for a second trump is going to cooperare with russia , dissolve nato , etc. 
  mark my words , you 're going to see the same old establishment hawks in his administration . 
   for legitimate historical reasons our european `` right '' has n't been actually right-wing for decades . 
  you mean because they realised it would be foolish to abandon the welfare state and decided to incorporate it in their policies ? 
  what mad men !, 
  the alt-right kids probably do n't even know that it was the right ( especially in the us ) that started the so-called [ `` culture wars '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/culture_war ) . 
  a candidate like trump would be inconceivable in the 70s or 80s . 
  yeah , a lot of people buy into the empty anti-establishment rhetoric but the truth is that these are mostly middle-class parties that do n't even dare question the economic status quo . 
  golden dawn here was `` anti-austerity '' in theory but they only attacked poor immigrants and leftist trade unionists in practice . 
  their trial is taking place now and there is proof presented that they were taking money from businessmen and ship-owners either in the form of `` protection '' or as straight-up mercenaries . 
  it was a joke , the greek neonazis used to claim that the salute was `` ancient greek in origin '' whenever someone asked them why they did the sieg heil . 
  oh and btw it was n't even roman , the fascists took it from an 18th century painting . 
  well we do n't need proof since metaxas wrote all about it in his own diaries , which he kindly left for us to read . 
  if you can skip all the parts where he describes his daily ritual of masturbation ( for real . . ) then you 'll see he was a fascist . 
  obviously his fascism was different than mussolini 's and hitler 's because , well , he was in greece and greece did n't offer the same possibilites as italy and germany . 
  yeah and a lot of greek partisan songs from the 1940s are the same russian and eastern european tunes you can find in a red army choir collection . 
  similar to how [ * a las barricadas * ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=odrfx7wmnwq ) , the anthem of the spanish anarchists during the spanish civil war , was based on the polish-russian song * warszawianka *, 
   keep in mind that i am not 100 % sure this is true . 
  well , it is and it is n't , kinda . 
  if you believe that the eastern front was decided by a small margin , then sure , the balkan campaign must have cost the germans . 
  if you think operation barbarossa was strategically unwinnable for hitler ( which a lot of historians agree was the case ) then the balkan campaign did n't really matter all that much . 
  germany has a huge leftist tradition going back to the 19th century , why is it so surprising ? 
  sorry , but most greeks are notoriously ignorant about basic linguistic stuff . 
  there are all sorts of urban legends about the ancient greek language and a bizarre opposition to the indoeuropean theory , spearheaded by the likes of adonis and plevris . 
  seriously , there was an article about it in huffpost greece recently and the fb comments were cringeworthy . 
   i can hardly think of anything positive for the humanity that was supported by russians . 
  abolishment of the apartheid ? 
  ending the vietnam war ? 
  disclosing the sykes-picot agreement ? 
  that 's off the top of my head and just from the soviet era . 
  granted , the czarist regime was very anti-progressive most of the time but even they supported the rebellions against the ottoman empire , for example . 
  also , you realise russia historically ranks top5 in science , technology , arts , culture among european countries , right ? 
  along with britain , france , germany and italy . 
   i 've seen reddit happily embrace the info found on maps that cites a lot more dubious sources than the who . 
  like education , where for some reason greece is always placed super low in these `` jakub marian '' data maps . 
  i am sure feminists and lgbt people are such an oppressive force in slovakia . 
  poor guy . 
   back in my days we meant people who wanted to burn refugee homes , or celebrated hitler 's birthday when talking of far right . 
  these are neonazis . 
  if they were called `` far right '' the journalists were doing them a favour . 
  no culture is european if you go enough years back . 
   do you mean that borders , sovereignity and ethnically defined nations and borders did n't exist then ? 
  because those concepts are things that greeks philosophers were talking about in the 6th century bc . 
  greek philosophers acknowledged that the various city-states of greece and the colonies were ethnically and linguistically close ( i.e. 
  greek with its various tribes ) but that did n't mean shit politically . 
  greek city-states were allied with the persian empire when the persians invaded greece and other cities were allied with the romans when they invaded greece . 
  the spartans , who are idolised by nationalists today , were in fact against the idea of an allied greece and the only time they reluctantly joined was during the persian invasion . 
  there was no sense of national unity in the way there is today . 
  yes , i was obviously joking . 
  but the burkini ban is also a joke so i thought it was appropriate . 
  orthodox women certainly do . 
  my grandma wore a headscarf most of the time . 
  yeah , because slavery and headscarves are pretty much the same thing . . 
  next time i see a german tourist with ugly sandals and socks in a greek beach i 'm going to force them to wear flip-flops , because they clearly do n't try to integrate . 
  just like sunni extremism got eradicated after the americans crushed the fallujah insurgency , right ? 
  portugal was a member of nato while a dictatorship . 
  same with greece and turkey . 
  do you even live in greece ? 
  syriza has been following nato 's policies religiously , even more so than nd and pasok . 
  people like you is the reason reddit is the kingdom of misinformation . 
   people tend to forget that the only country that benefits from the deal is greece after all . 
  you mean apart from all the central and eastern european crybaby governments that forced their views on the eu ? 
   immigrants hate greece and most of them do also hate greeks what ? 
  no , they do n't . 
  edit explanatory comment : greece has historically had good relations with the arab countries , both in terms of government and between the people . 
  greeks have historic ties with the levant and egypt that go back centuries and muslim vs christian does n't play into that . 
  there is a mutual respect . 
  even nutjobs like isis and al qaeda know that and that 's why they have never targeted greece in their propaganda . 
   hardly discussed at all  in / r/europe lel, 
  they know everything they need to know about turkish politics from that eli5 that got posted after the july 15 coup / s, 
  everyone plays cool when it 's about insulting the others . 
  polish redditors are all about `` fuck political correctness '' yet they go apeshit when someone writes about the `` polish death camps '', 
  implying that they care about people knowing the truth . 
  they wanted the easy karma from the `` joke '' , they got it, 
  have you met a real british person in your life or did you hear that in some `` sargon of akkad '' video ? 
  the uk supported the fucking apartheid regime until the bitter end , when did they suddenly develop `` white guilt '' ? 
  the modern white male is truly the most oppressed human in the history of the world . 
  you have n't but i remember a lot of ukrainians complaining because people were calling their country the `` russian '' way . 
  see , everyone 's sensitive about something . 
  poles are sensitive and get triggered whenever `` polish death camps '' are mentioned . 
  i imagine the vast majority of your countrymen would be offended if someone joked about the holodomor . 
  why do n't you accept that this is a fact of life instead of making offensive `` jokes '' about somalian culture or whatever ? 
  just pointing out the irony that you say `` triggered '' when ukrainians throw tantrums whenever someone calls their country ** the ** ukraine . 
  yeah , that 's because `` white guilt '' does n't exist, 
  so how are things in * the * ukraine ? 
  do all christians share the same ideology ? 
   team chaos & anarchy lol, 
  i guess that overthrowing governments and fighting civil wars must be some kind of ukrainian tradition !, 
  is that how this works ? 
  why ? 
  the argument above is about refusing to integrate into the host country 's culture . 
  that 's exactly what brits do in the mediterranean countries . 
  whether they are rich or poor does n't matter in the whole cultural argument . 
  i 'm glad you finally admit that the right-wing does n't have a problem with foreigners , as long as they 're rich .
