  there are n't any lebanese coming to europe though , beirut is mentioned because there was a terrorist attack there earlier this week . 
  they are coming out like the snails after the rain . 
  so predictable . 
   some kind of liberation theology like the left seems to think . 
  this is some weak ass shit strawman . 
  not even strawman , just a blatant lie . 
  the only ones fighting isis on the ground until recently were the leftist ypg kurdish forces . 
  the left worldwide has been supporting rojava for years and many european leftists have gone on to fight alongide them , some of them even died . 
  so yeah , shut up , you are in no position to speak about the left . 
   if we take the tolerant route , we will just invite more attacks by showing that we are weak and they can get away with it . 
  are you sure the attackers are recent immigrants ? 
  because i am willing to bet most of them were born and raised in france . 
  rip for the victims . 
  it 's fucking cowardly and sad that these murderous bigots are now targeting alternative concerts and small-time magazines . 
  not sure if on purpose or because higher targets are well-protected , but seriously , fuck these people . 
  i feel sorry for the innocent refugees and immigrants that are going to be dragged through the mud by the professional xenophobes and racists , who no doubt are secretly happy with these events . 
  that 's so inaccurate it 's not even funny . 
   `` look how powerful tzarist russia is !! '', 
  - `` ooops , it just collapsed under the bolshevik civil war ... '' except it actually was n't powerful , it had survived a revolution in 1905 and in 1917 it was engaged in the europe-wide massacre known as ww1 . 
  ww1 also brought germany , italy and hungary on the brink of socialist revolution and caused huge political crises in * all * the participating countries . 
  ww1 destroyed not just the czarist empire but also the german empire , the austro-hungarian empire and the ottoman empire . 
   `` but hey , now look how powerful stalin is ! '', 
  - `` ooops half his cuntry just burned and almost collapsed under the german invasion . 
  good thing the americans sent all that land lease '' stalin orchestrated a criminal and murderous persecution on the people of the ussr and on his own party and made catastrophic mistakes at the start of the war . 
  but the ussr did n't turn the tides of the war because of the lend-lease , not even a ` murican would claim that . 
  i do n't see how you can fit ww2 into your nice narrative of `` every 40-50 years russia collapses '' when in the end they were the winners of the war , the ussr was at the height of its power , it expanded its influence into most of the 3rd world and controlled all of eastern europe . 
   `` but hey , now look how powerful the nuclear ussr is ! '', 
  - `` ooops it just crumbled under its own economic and social inneficiency into a 90s third world country '' because it adopted a criminal shock therapy treatment which saw its vast wealth and resources plundered by russian mafioso-oligarchs and their western friends . 
  which is exactly why autocratic putin is so popular while gorbachev and yeltsin are seen as naive fools . 
  i hope you are joking , the us produced arguably the best literature of the 20th century . 
   ~ ~ / r/europe ~ ~ reddit , the only place where people will defend a holocaust denier . 
   we 've run out of actual inequality lol, 
  thanks for the clarification . 
  and it certainly was n't my intention to belittle the deaths of the people in the night club or the anger of the romanian people . 
  i am just tired of the double standards some commenters apply in these cases . 
  netanyahu has some bad news for you . 
  i do n't agree with the german law for inciting violence and i do n't agree with the british law which sent people to jail just because they cheered on rioting in august 2011 . 
  but yeah , i imagine they 'd find a lot of hate speech on reddit if they looked . 
  and who is to judge whether a protest is `` pure comedy '' or a justified reaction to a corrupt government ? 
  the user i replied to definitely implied that . 
  btw , nice to be in the spotlight again , take that immigrants !, 
  sorry we do n't hate black people , we are n't that advanced . 
  i agree , we should get more serious and start overthrowing governments for night club accidents . 
   in this country a graduate starts off in the public sector with a salary of $ 775 a month that 's if they can get a job in the public sector , which is a rare feat . 
  so yeah , 775 euros is n't something you should take as a comparison point . 
  huh ? 
  the greek people voted 62 % no to the eu agreement , 1 week after the banks had closed and capital controls were in effect . 
  you may accuse them of several things but cowardice should n't be one of them . 
  why are these guys so afraid of a russian takeover ? 
  they 'd fit right in . 
  do you or the british public seriously believe he 's going to give the falklands to argentina and northern ireland to the republic ? 
  this reminds me of greek right-wingers fearmongering that syriza would abolish religion or redditors seriously believing tsipras is a russian spy . 
  when in reality the syriza government has been disgustingly pro-religion and pro-nato . 
  greece ` stole property ' from the monarchy ? 
  we are scraping the bottom of the barrel here , lmao . 
  your mother 's village is supposedly doing something with eu money so elgin is retroactively justified to have stolen the marbles 200 years ago . 
  solid logic there . 
  yes i know that , i was asking whether blair actually delivered on his promises to tax the city . 
  his country is 144 years old . 
  yes , i am aware . 
  the word f\u00fchrer is n't either , but noone would use it to describe their leader . 
  an afd politician talking about the `` 1000 year germany '' means he is either stupid or it 's a dog whistle for pegida and npd sympathisers . 
  you 'd expect the head of a german political party often associated with far right views to avoid using phrases like that . 
  something something 1000 year reich . 
   the city of london would pick up the bill did that really happen ? 
  seeing these 19th century ethnographic maps . . damn the germans were fucking obsessed with ethnicities . 
  arguing for belize being somehow more valuable allies than argentina and india . 
  i do n't even ... 
  damn , that 's some excellent design work . 
   the system grew naturally capitalism 's early forms grew naturally from the feudal system but tons of blood were spilled for the system to take root and completely destroy the old status quo . 
  1789 was primarily a bourgeois revolution and so were many of the national independence revolutions and movements . 
  capitalism is a modern phenomenon and there were other economic systems before it . 
  why do you think only this system is compatible with human nature ? 
  and how can you be sure it 's the final form of social organisation for humanity ? 
  i do n't think he was blaming the communists , more like he was blaming the economic elites for adopting fascism to protect their interests against communism , as it happened in italy and germany . 
  i mean it 's just one aspect of the rise of fascism , but still . 
  yeah well . .  the enmity between the russian orthodox church and the soviet state came to an official end in september 1943 with the election of patriarchal locum tenens metropolitan sergii stragorodskii , de facto leader of the church for seventeen years , as patriarch . 
  the election had been preceded by a momentous september 4 meeting in the kremlin between joseph stalin and three leading metropolitans : sergei , aleksei simanskii of leningrad and nikolai iarushevich of kiev . 
  stalin granted them the right to open a limited number of churches and religious schools , and to convene a national synod on september 8 , which duly elected sergei patriarch . 
  upon his elevation , sergei immediately declared stalin the divinely anointed ruler . 
  [ source ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/27e8op/why_was_homosexuality_illegal_in_the_secular/ci0cvw3 ), 
  someone linked a thread from / r/askhistorians ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/27e8op/why_was_homosexuality_illegal_in_the_secular/ ) where they discussed lgbt rights in the soviet union . 
  the tl ; dr was that in the first period until the early 30s the bolsheviks decriminalised homosexuality , there was skepticism towards it but also some progressive communists ( alexandra kollontai for example ) that were way ahead of western perceptions at that time on matters of gender and sexuality . 
  then stalin came and repealed many laws of the first period in order to restore the nuclear model of family . 
  many reasons are given : he was ideologically conservative himself , he wanted people to reproduce , a populist move to appear closer to the cultural level of the average backwards religious peasant , an attempt to make an alliance with the church , etc. 
  it 's clearly a relic of the soviet past ^ ^ / s, 
  / r/europe 's schizophrenia in a nutshell . 
  russia says something stupid about gays :  gayropa helped the ukrainian nazi jews , soldiers got lost on vacation wink-wink , how stupid are the russians amirite ? 
  ukraine says something stupid about gays :  stupid western european sjws , why does everything have to be about gays and women ? 
  i am not 100 % sure about other countries , it is definitely the stereotype here . 
  but we get hundreds of thousands of german tourists every year and way less czechs so you might be right too . 
  are you kidding ? 
  the major eu powers ( france , germany , uk ) are never going to agree to something like that . 
  unless they want all of * their * former colonies and places they occupied to sue for reparations against them . 
  it was an anti-colonial revolution , primarily . 
  and it did n't need to be bloody because there was no ancien regime ( other than the british government obviously ) to be purged . 
  well , it did lead to * all * the modern western democracies . 
  but they are now too shy to admit it . 
  * checks for russian and greek responses * ... yep , nothing :p the serbs have been memed so hard that they do n't give a fuck . 
  the austrians try not to mention some certain stereotypes . .
