  that 's a german stereotype , sorry . 
  wait til you become rich enough to go on as many vacations as ze germans . 
  \\ #justbalkanthings \u00af \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  what ? 
  if you try and discuss with a normal person in most countries about social justice and start ranting about sjw , red pills , masculinity , feminism , etc they 'll look at you like you 're crazy . 
  you 're living too much inside the internet . 
  maybe if you visited the outsite world for a change you 'd discover that social justice is a widely used term in politics that mostly refers to economic inequality , not gender issues . 
  being antiracist has nothing to do with eating sushi and indian food . 
  that 's just a stupid dank meme for neckbeards who believe in feminist sjw conspiracies . 
  also , racism being `` a grassroots movement of workers '' is a myth , racism was born and nurtured among the higher and middle class . 
  for example , the nazis were primarily a middle class and petit bourgeois movement while the german industrial workers were overwhelmingly communist and socialist . 
  antiracism is literally stalin , til . 
  how do you pronounce `` athens '' ? 
  there is no `` lifuania '' in greek , we pronounce it lithuania like in english , just with different intonation . 
   what 's the point of changing the `` th '' sound in lithuania if the same people wo n't be able to even talk in english or use other common words like `` the '' or `` other '' etc. 
  ha , that 's not the same in english . 
  from a reply to a post above :  the - th - sound in `` the '' is different than the - th - sound in `` lithuania '' . 
  the - th - sound in `` the '' is different than the - th - sound in `` lithuania '' . 
  it 's easier for greeks because we have a different letter for each of those sounds ( \u03b4 and \u03b8 ) . 
  erdogan is n't really nationalist , it 's the kemalists/republicans and the army that are traditionally the more nationalist political forces in turkey . 
  he even claimed many years ago that he has non-turkish ( georgian i think ) roots and it caused uproar . 
  he now denies it of course . 
  heh , it 's ironic is that you criticise marx for idealism when he was actually the founder of the materialist view on philosophy and history . 
  which is the complete opposite of idealism and basically says that people ca n't just adopt new ideas in their head out of the blue , no matter how good these ideas are . 
  but hey , i am sure random redditors are smarter than the idiot marx . . 
  not really . 
  in communism there would be no ( need for a ) state . 
  wikipedia says you 're right . 
  although you make a slight mistake in your original post , he used that phrase to describe a fully developed communist society ( the highest stage of human society according to him ) , not a socialist one . 
  in 1945 , after 4 years of horrible war , losses and destruction , the ussr was producing a shit ton of tanks that were just better than anything germany had at the time , so i have a hard time believing this . 
  i am not an expert on the interwar period but i also ca n't believe germany had a better econonomy than britain in 1939 , especially if you include the colonies , which did play their part in the war . 
  and it 's not just economy and gdp figures , it 's also economic capabilities/potential and natural resources that are utilised in case of a total war . 
  germany thought they 'd win with blitzkrieg and strike a deal with britain and the us , but had no plan for a long term total war with mass mobilisation and use of all the population for the war cause . 
  they also were n't close to britain in natural resources , mainly oil , which is why they relied on romania , tried to take the middle east from britain and france and the caucasus from the ussr . 
   that 's because germany was a super power . 
  russia simply is n't . 
  lol . 
  how ? 
  he actually offered a valid comparison and you just reply `` lol no '' with no argument whatsoever . 
  hindsight is 20/20 but one could simply look at the history of ww2 and conclude that nazi germany was in no position to win the war in the long term . 
  and not just militarily , economically too . 
   also , polish camps prisoners were taken not only because some agenda , but also as random people taken straight from the streets - \u0142apanki these roundups happened in greece too , especially towards the end of the war . 
  they were called * bloka * ( = blocks ) . 
  same with destruction of villages as a punishment for partisan activity , like the ones that happened in czechoslovakia . 
  basically greece was initially treated as a `` western '' nation by the nazis , but then as an `` eastern '' as soon as anti-nazi resistance started . 
  they even changed the `` racial classification '' of greeks from `` aryan '' to `` mixed slavic '' in the middle of the war in order to justify this change of policy , lol . 
  how is that a ` communist ' mindset ? 
  the gue-ngl , which most here consider ` commies ' , voted 100 % yes . 
  also , did n't you just have elections where * all * of the parties voted into the parliament are right-wing ? 
  what ? 
  this was n't a jihad , it was a turkish military , secular junta exploiting the greek military junta 's treasonous decision to overthrow the cypriot president by invading the island . 
  with the us playing a murky role in all of this and with both countries being nato members . 
   his brother is a stalinist murderer : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stefan_michnnik he must be over 100 years old . 
  inb4 comments about `` cultural marxism '', 
  i know , that 's why i said that you definitely are n't `` the only sovereign country on the planet '' . 
  it 's not an insult , most countries are n't really sovereign . 
  and you 're doing a better job sticking it to the big guys than other countries which have their own army . 
  no , ww2 was started by germany , full stop . 
  stop trying to force your revisionist history down our throats , it 'll never work . 
  you can teach it in your schools and universities , no one has any problem with that . 
  but the continuous attempts by eastern european governments to force the whole of eu into legally equating nazism with communism are pathetic . 
  it 's funny how even germany itself has to come forward and say `` stop that shit , we are solely responsible '' whenever netanyahu or some eastern european politician make a ridiculous revisionist claim . 
  pretty much all the far-right/post-fascist parties of europe have followed the same path . 
  forza nuova , bnp , golden dawn . . edit : i was actually thinking of gianfranco fini ( alleanza nazionale/msi ) , not forza nuova . 
  i have no clue about forza nuova other than their association with gd . 
  they do n't even have their own military . 
  good survey overall , i do n't like the politicians ' grading system though . 
  i may strongly disagree with cameron 's policies , but i do n't ` hate ' him . 
   where ? 
  show me examples . 
  eh , screw it . 
  no point in digging up old conversations with nazi idiots . 
  sorry if i offended you , i am deleting the original comment . 
  til lenin literally invented famines and prison camps . 
  thankfully . 
  i wonder how lincoln would react if half the world 's countries allied and invaded us to help the southern states after they lost the civil war . 
  that 's some next level bullshit here . 
  how is the red terror a continuation of czarist serfdom when the red terror was used against the whites ( czarists ) and their allies ? 
  this is equally nonsensical to claiming the slave plantations of the us civil war era and the mccarthyist persecutions `` prove '' the same thing about the us . 
  do n't play stupid , you know very well how can someone be racist towards muslims . 
  do you prefer bigoted ? 
  fine , these people are bigots . 
  plus , the right-wing in europe and the us never had a problem with bosnian or albanian muslims . 
  `` jews are not a race '', 
   such mixes come about naturally there was nothing `` natural '' in large-scale immigration and settlement waves in human history . 
  even to your country . 
  and russian soviet settlers are similar to syrian war refugees ... how exactly ? 
  well , there is this american guy a few comments above comparing the refugee crisis to american-cuban relations . . 
  not if you talk with poles , or french , or german leftists . . / r/europe has a weird hard-on for prussia . 
  that 's some great copypasta material . 
  i agree with you , identity politics and culture wars are n't really what the left-wing should be about . 
  or used to be about , if you look at late 19th-early 20th century . 
  i mean , of course i 'm going to support abortion and public schools teaching science to the kids , but you want to unite people on a social and class basis first and foremost . 
  thanks for the response and no , you 're not gravely mistaken  i am definitely a darwinist ( by which basically i mean i believe in modern biology ) and i know what natural selection is , so no need to preach to the converted about this . 
  i 've also enjoyed many of dick 's novels , although i have n't read the golden man yet . 
  the problem comes when one tries to attribute ` superior genes ' to a group of people as opposed to another group of people . 
  i do n't see it as a taboo because nazis , eugenics , etc , but because these theories have largely been proven to be pseudoscience . 
  it is easy to make a point about ` superior genes ' when using the exaggerated example ( blindness ) you yourself mentioned , less easy to do so when talking about the majority of the population with no major ` defective ' genetic material . 
  is a person with myopia ( short-sightedness ) genetically inferior to a person who does n't have it ? 
  then why has it spread so much in the modern , developed world , along with other , ` superior genes ' ?
