  because you are only taking into account the country 's geopolitical allegiance - and that in a distorted way . 
  albania is no better than serbia in its human rights and minorities records , actually it 's become worse ( gypsies , kossovo , greek-orthodox minority ) . 
  not to mention irredentism and nationalism which is rampant among almost all political parties , even the social-democratic one - see for example the recent incident in the serbia-albania football match . 
  also , albania is the most pro-us country * in the world * . 
  do we really want a blatant american trojan horse influencing eu policies ? 
  i am not even gon na talk about it being a majority muslim country , i am sure most of your pro-eu friends would n't want albania just for that , lol . 
   i also remember a survey between gamergate supporters , where most identified as liberal or left , though all their stances ( abortion , trans-rights , social security , unions etc ) were extremely right wing , except those that personally affected them or already accepted by society , also ( young ) conservatives : marijuana and gay rights . 
  this is often called `` brogressive '' this seems ... interesting . 
  do you have a link to that survey ? 
  ( edit : nevermind , i found it ) i am curious myself , seeing how us reddit has become a hub for all kinds of neo-conservative trends ( misogyny and sexism being by far the most prevalent ) , yet at the same time there is overwhelming support for guys like stephen colbert and bernie sanders . 
  it 'd be interesting to see whether there is an intersection between these 2 broad groups . 
  was you grandpa an american national ? 
  i do n't believe greece participated in the vietnam war . 
  also , it 's pretty fucking rare for a greek to not have any grandparents and ( especially ) great-grandparents fighting in any war : balkan wars , ww1 , greek-turkish war , ww2 , civil war . 
   edit : mixing communism and religion is not a purely russian thing by the way lmao , did n't even know this happened . 
  this is traditional greek orthodox anticommunism , definitely not mixing communism and religion . 
  the greek orthodox church are a bunch of hypocrites and unfortunately they have way too much influence on how we learn history . 
  we are taught that a bunch of sadist , murderous roman/byzantine guys are saints and saviours just because they killed in the name of christianity . 
  for example , we celebrate [ theodosius `` the great '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/theodosius_i ) , a guy who was n't even greek , butchered thousands of greeks with the help of goth mercenaries , persecuted ancient greek religion and culture , basically a medieval version of isis . 
  ethnic homogeinity is a very recent obsession and it has nothing to do with the transition from feudal to nation states . 
   so who would you rather have ? 
  so cameron is literally schweinsteiger ? 
  was the ` hate preacher ' in the video literally a preacher ? 
  as in a priest ? 
  if not , your comment is irrelevant . 
  he is cynical , ruthless and ultimately dangerous . 
  i believe he 's far more dangerous than any right-wing politician could be , a modern day version of [ ramsay macdonald ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ramsay_macdonald ) . 
  i find it amusing how some posters here still believe he 's some kind of far-left firebrand . 
  and to be clear , i am not a `` butthurt former syriza member '' , i 've never even voted for them . 
  edit : wow , getting downvoted in / r/europe for criticising tsipras . 
  3 months ago the common line here was that he is ` mental ' and ` delusional ' , now he 's a genius political mastermind and a great leader . 
  just like with orban , the hivemind here change their views more frequently than they change shirts . 
   force imigrants to sign a document saying that they will raise their children to the values of our constitution what are the values of the german constitution ? 
  apart from the anti-nazi stuff , obviously . 
  are you sure a random european immigrant would embrace all of them ? 
  do all germans embrace all of them ? 
  the constitution is n't god given , it 's just a ( very important ) law that was voted once by people . 
  does he regularly party with hookers and cocaine ? 
  if not i think he 's fine . 
  but what do i know , everyone here is sure george `` i 'm in love with the coco '' osborne is going to be the next pm . 
  got ta love the smug predictions about elections that are going to be held in 5 + years . 
  pm corbyn is just a 2008-style financial crisis away . 
  how is having a chat with a large country you 've been at war with in the last 30 years problematic ? 
  how else are two countries supposed to resolve issues in 2015 ? 
  does n't mean he is going to hand them to argentina . 
  btw i like how redditors ridicule the greece-fyrom dispute ( which * is * kind of ridiculous tbh ) but hold the british nationalistic obsession with malvinas/falklands in such high regard . 
  looks like all the right-wing brits have emigrated here from / r/unitedkingdom . . 
   believes there 's 120bn quid to collect due to tax avoidance and evasion ( as if the tories would n't have done it if it were possible ... ) maybe you are the naive one . 
  hezbollah has become a legitimate party in lebanon , even many christians support or tolerate them because they have protected them against israel and extreme islamists such as isis . 
  and right now they are among the groups fighting isis on the ground . 
  i imagine sooner or later the us and the eu will remove them from the list of terrorist organisations , maybe as part of the deal with iran . 
  these classifications are ultimately political , after all . 
  lol , `` teh arabs are raping our blonde aryan women ! '', 
  is the # 1 racist mantra for the last months , if not years , on reddit . 
  often sprinkled with pseudo-sociological arguments such as that the migrants are `` young males who wo n't be able to have a normal sexual life so they 'll seek other ways '' . 
  if there is anything the syrian war has taught us , is that the differences between `` moderate '' mujahideens and `` radical '' talibans are n't big . 
  the ussr would 've probably lost the afghan war even without the us intervening , but the usa have no moral high ground when it comes to islamic terrorism , when they actively supported islamic movements over secular socialist regimes for these third world countries . 
  `` anarchy '', 
  you really do n't understand how seas and maritime transport work . 
  yeah , after doing everything in their power to support all the nutjob mujahideens against the ** secular ** pro-soviet afghans in the '80s . 
  yeah , pretty much . 
  many austrialians are racist towards greeks , italians , croatians ( `` wogs '' ) that have lived there for 50 years and are totally integrated . 
  the only one raging here is you , not op . 
  that joke is n't funny anymore . 
  do you believe nigerians and somalians claim they are syrians ? 
  or that iraqis and afghanis do n't have enough problems in their countries that they need to steal syria 's spotlight ? 
  not to mention iraq and syria are basically the same thing at the moment . 
  pretty much . 
  neckbeards who ca n't get laid and rage about `` women 's privilege '' ( to not sleep with them obviously ) . 
  not surprising , considering these peoples have been neigbours for thousands of years . 
  when in doubt , geographic proximity is the key . 
  also , i remember reading that lithuanian and sanskrit are considered the closest to pie . 
   girl quine kvinna kvinde kvinne english * queen * and greek * gyn\u1e17 * ( woman ) , among others , have the same etymological root . 
  is n't there a theory that ancient armenians initially lived in the balkans and then moved to anatolia and the caucasus ? 
   i know it must be a little hypocritical condemning turks for this , since our nation were n't that kind to foreign people ( as if anyone was ) some thousand years ago , but this is just cruel . 
  lol , we were n't kind to turks in 1919-1922 , not just * some thousand years ago * . 
  the greek army commited [ well-documented atrocities ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greco-turkish_war_%281919%e2%80%9322%29#greek_massacres_of_turks ) during the war . 
  we just do n't learn about them in school . 
  stop putting refugees in quotes , ffs . 
  they * are * refugees , even if they are mostly men . 
  syria has had 50 % of their population lose their homes since 2010 . 
  not true . 
  there was n't a humanitarian crisis on the islands like we have now , obviously , but there was a lot of anti-albanian sentiment . 
  i meant gdp growth as the deciding factor , which is what the graph provides . 
  well , heavy industry was what was needed at that moment , given that russia and the rest of the ussr were semi-feudal economies , plus another great war was bound to happen sooner or later . 
  it 's easy to say in hindsight that it was ` unsustainable ' and ` doomed to fail ' , but as others have mentioned here , many western economists and politicians were scared shitless by ussr 's growth potential until even the '70s . 
   the world was moving into services and high-tech the problem was not funding technological research and incorporating computers and networks in their production systems , not having a heavy industry per se . 
  after all , the big economies have kept much of their heavy industry ( france , germany ) . 
  the economies that switched completely to the famous ` third sector of services ' , like greece , have faced serious problems . 
  i was wondering the same , why do the refugees choose the hungary-austria route instead of the croatia-slovenia-austria one ? 
  i mean , your next president left us [ this gem of stupidity ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fgcd1ghag5y ) . . 
  not just you , also france and britain . 
  cheer up . 
  the ussr crushed western countries in gdp growth during the 1930s-1950s , which coincidentally was the stalinist period . 
  so i am not sure we should hold it as the deciding factor . 
  what 's a ` white country ' ? 
  seriously , / r/europe ? 
  i find most greek reactions to this issue embarassing ( including the tv channel 's decision to cover mkd ) , but i am not sure you can compare the two . 
  it 's not like there was mass ethnic cleansing , bombing and new countries popping up in the iberian peninsula as recently as 10 years ago . 
   belgium has regions called brabant and limburg , the netherlands has two provinces with these names too .
