  it 's one thing being against immigration and another being against helping immigrants and refugees . 
   and then risk being seen as anti-humanitarian . 
  for me and for many others , even the islanders who bear the majority of the burden , it 's not just a matter of being seen as `` anti-humanitarian '' . 
  we do n't want to use the navy to kill refugees because it 's absurd and barbaric . 
  simple as that . 
  a part of my grandmother 's family who fled izmir in 1922 were given safe shelter in marseille . 
  they actually still live there . 
  what would we think of the french if they said `` why do n't they go to piraeus or thessaloniki or brindisi or ancona ? 
  we are not the first safe country ! '', 
  and refused to help them ? 
  have you seen the reactions whenever a woman posts in reddit ? 
  90 % of the posts on / r/europemeta is trolling by 4chan users . 
  * `` why wo n't the fascist mods give their moderating powers to us ??? 
  we call traitors '' \u039a\u03bf\u03c5\u03af\u03c3\u03bb\u03b9\u03b3\u03ba\u03c2 '' here . 
  it 's used in the english language as well ( [ quislings ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/quisling ) ) . 
  might be because the biggest traitors in european history have been right-wing , not left-wing or anarchist . 
  / r/europe has become just another shitty , extreme right-wing , default sub . 
   most of them are white by the way , what the heck is that about ? 
  so they are n't allowed to support the immigrants because they are n't immigrants themselves ? 
  i 've seen lots of idiotic comments in this sub the last few weeks , but this is something else . 
  someone should have told the white americans in the '60s they were n't allowed to support the civil rights movement / s, 
   i know people like that , they are usually white middle up class i know people like that , for example rich catalan businessmen claiming they are severely oppressed by the spanish crown and needing their own state so they can run things themselves and maximise their profits . 
  see , i can generalise too !, 
  hehehe, 
  ancient bones [ http://www.theguardian.com/science/2015/dec/28/origins-of-the-irish-down-to-mass-migration-ancient-dna-confirms] ( http://www.theguardian.com/science/2015/dec/28/origins-of-the-irish-down-to-mass-migration-ancient-dna-confirms ), 
  is she based on a painting or something ? 
  i like the classical style , reminds me of athena/minerva and marianne . 
  there were neolithic people from the mediterranean region and middle east that settled in britain and ireland , after the hunter-gatherers and before celtic language speakers . 
  if i remember correctly , a recent study that was posted here found a belfast woman with almost 100 % ( ancient ) middle eastern dna . 
   celts are the true natives if you do n't count the neanderthals . 
  neolithic and beaker people were there before the celts . 
  stonehenge is n't celtic , for example . 
   lest the germans forget what horrible atrocities they commited . 
  they must never forget what they did . 
  forever and ever . 
  he is tried by a german court . 
  are you implying there is an external power controlling german courts ? 
   who you gon na blame ? 
  not pure ayran blue haired and yellow eyed greeks , its the fucking t * rks m8 greeks were never blonde haired and blue eyed , that 's a nazi myth . 
  they wanted to claim ancient greece and rome as their own so they imagined them as `` aryans '' . 
  he 's not greek , but he can fuck off nonetheless . 
  he explained it at the bottom of his post :  greek outside of greece ( anatolia , cyprus ) is rumca , and greeks outside of greece are referred to as rumlar ( pl ) or rum ( sg ) . 
  the name comes from romans . 
  sorry mate , greco-romans had contact with your land before the franks came . 
  it would be more suitable if it were the other way around , i.e. 
  brits looking at france . 
  do you * really * want to learn reddit 's opinion on the apartheid and zimbabwe/rhodesia ? 
   since when did jews or ukranians plan mass rape of european women in multiple european cities at the same time ? 
  do you actually believe there was a europe-wide muslim conspiracy to engage in mass gropings ? 
  if yes , you 're * totally * the person who would 've believed all the antisemitic myths during the '30s . 
  brecht spinning in his grave . . 
   can nothing be said about sweden without including an agenda against immigrants ? 
  there 's so much more that can be said about gothenburg . 
  same with their piece on thessaloniki . . 
  they just had to shoehorn the refugees into it . 
  muh liberal media !, 
   at the moment thessaloniki is under the flood of migrants , `` capital of refugees '' wut ? 
  noone calls them that . 
  why do they have to shoehorn the immigration issue into everything ? 
  which is what thatcher did with the ira , by the way . 
   all talks with taliban will fail and prove pointless . 
  you know the americans have talked , like , many times with the taliban , right ? 
  they even did a prisoner exchange to get their abducted soldier , bergdahl , back . 
  not to mention the us were indirectly involved in the rise of the taliban to power . 
  and there have been many governments who have talked with isis to get prisoners freed , whether they publically admit it or not . 
   farc , ira and pkk were completely different organizations with completely different goals . 
  corbyn is an idiot and blind fool . 
  i do n't agree with corbyn on this one but i prefer his approach to the hypocrisy of maggie thatcher , who held secret talks with the ira while publically denouncing them as the devil and imposing a broadcasting ban on sinn fein . 
  why ? 
  the vast majority of muslims worldwide hate them and refuse to call them that way . 
  even cameron has urged people to use daesh instead . 
   this time five years ago labour were polling 5 points higher than the tories . 
  ... but lost spectacularly in the actual elections . 
  polls from 5 years go are useless . 
   `` who enter first in trieste gets it '' heh , reminds me of the capture of thessaloniki by the greek army in the 1st balkan war . 
  they beat the bulgarians and serbs by one day or something . 
  it 's the old people keeping the percentage down , in 30 years it 's going to be 70 % . 
  it 's the ideal we must aspire to . 
  on a scale of 1 to 10 . 
  1 is sweden , 10 is america . 
  we 've managed to eradicate rabies without killing all the dogs though . 
   i never understood all of the unity between left wing politics and islam . 
  it 's because there is n't one . 
  except for some fringe cases that are n't even popular in the left . 
  on the other hand , it was ronald reagan who famously declared that the `` religious muslim people of afghanistan should be protected against the evil communist atheists '' . 
   in many cases it is impossible to make a clear distinction between refugee and economic migrant . 
  the one does not exclude the other . 
  it 's as if war and economic collapse are connected in some strange way . 
   this article doesnt seem all that well written and researched anyway . 
  what kind of ` research ' or sources do you need ? 
  she * is * the source , she worked there for 2 months and interacted with them on a personal basis . 
   it appears the underlying discussion is whether immigration is desirable or not . 
  no , the discussion is whether there is a correlation between immigration and rape . 
   what is extremely interesting to me is that there was a similar uproar in greece , quite a few years ago , when immigrants ( as it was claimed ) apparently sexually assaulted and harassed people in a public new year 's celebration . 
  source ? 
  easy there , sicily . 
   as a german , i 've been complaining endlessly to family and friends these past 5 years at how many of berlin 's old currywurst stands got replaced by kebabs . 
  is n't curry indian food ? 
   smells like revisionism . 
  huh ?
