  i obviously do n't consider myopia a positive trait , i am just trying to show things are not black and white when talking about genetics and evolution . 
  comparing this process with the rise and fall of human cultures is an entirely different conversation , of course . 
  from what i 've read , albanians are n't given refugee status , so i do n't know what your problem is . 
  do they provide free housing for albanian immigrants in the netherlands ? 
  if not , why did you mention them ? 
  where does it claim it 's a political movement ? 
  i recognised many faces from the video and i am pretty sure they are not mp candidates . 
  most are journalists actually . 
  albania ? 
  i thought were talking about syria . 
  as for albania , well , it 's not like the european governments have nothing to do with it . 
  they sponsored albanian nationalism , legitimised kosovo and now act surprised that it turned out to be a failed state from which everyone wants to emigrate . 
   if they flee war implying they do n't really flee war . . 
  it is widely alleged that ioannidis , head of the greek military junta in 1974 , arranged with the us government to overthrow cyprus ' president makarios ( who was seen as `` the fidel castro of the mediterranean '' ) , which led to the turkish invasion - btw both greece and turkey were nato members . . 
  please do n't associate philip dick with xenophobic bullshit about ` superior genes ' . 
   the usa was trying to break apart countries in europe lol . 
  kossovo and cyprus ring a bell ? 
  could they be the same anti-immigration populists that have become the heroes of / r/europe ? 
  it 's a well-known fact that the majority of syrians take the turkey-greece route , they do n't magically appear in hungary or austria . 
  syrians are definitely in the minority among italy 's refugee camps , but not in greece . 
  source : we see them every day in athens , many people here are volunteering to help them , give them clothes , etc. 
  could that be related to the [ glorious revolution ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/glorious_revolution ) ? 
  this is gold . 
  it was a joke , i am like the 4th person asking this in the thread :p, 
  was n't columbus genovese ? 
   why ca n't europe learn from australia ahh , australia , such a tolerant and western country . 
  no thanks . 
  most redditors would n't stand a month in jail without going crazy . 
  imagine being in a kafkaesque extra-judicial prison , tortured and humiliated . 
  whether he was just an innocent religious muslim or a supporter of al-qaeda , that 's bound to fuck you up . 
  well , these were the two supposed descendants of the roman empire ( eastern roman empire-holy roman empire ) , so i 'd guess they took it from rome . 
  it 's not just celtic though . 
  and it is certainly a different symbol than the swastika . 
  sicily was n't inhabited by celtic speakers and this symbol appears from [ very early ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/triskelion#/media/file:2009-03-22_03-29_sizilien_683_agrigent,_parco_valle_dei_templi_agrigento,_museo_archaeologico.jpg ) . 
  it 's one of those ancient symbols that appear independently in prehistoric cultures . 
  [ it 's greek ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/triskelion#/media/file:2009-03-22_03-29_sizilien_683_agrigent,_parco_valle_dei_templi_agrigento,_museo_archaeologico.jpg ) ( or possibly indigenous sicilian and the greeks found it there ? ), 
  the assad regime is basically only controlling the western parts of syria ( mediterranean ) plus tartus is there , so it makes sense for russia to approach the syrian conflict that way instead of climbing mountains . 
  you forgot they do all this while drinking wine , holding a baguette and twirling their moustache ^ ^ / s, 
  well , france has a long history of violent class struggles . 
  i see no problem with contemporary french honouring this and defending their rights . 
  may 1968 , which included the largest industrial strike ever in history , is actually pretty recent . 
   with laws so heavily stacked on favor of workers over management there is no capitalist country , let alone a highly developed one like france , where this is true . 
  this is like the republicans in the us claiming there is a class war against the rich ( lol ) . 
  the `` stop genociding us '' position is clearly racist though . 
  you can go from greece to turkey and vice versa by land ( thrace ) . 
  did / u/homsig commit ethnic cleansing ? 
  denmark can into colonialism !, 
  do n't you know ussr 's 20 million dead in ww2 are counted as victims of communism ? 
  saying something vaguely negative for the german people of the era is essentially the same thing with what the nazis did ? 
  lol . 
   it 's as if someone took a glowing knife and cut it off at our borders yeah , hitler did that . 
  this map is bullshit . 
  there has n't been a single attack on a jewish person in greece that i can remember of , something that ca n't be said for probably * any * northern or eastern european country . 
  we have our fair share of ignorant and racist people , but suggesting that a jewish person is more at risk in greece than say france or hungary is laughable . 
  the adl unfortunately considers support of palestine antisemitism , which is sad . 
  higher education is a major industry in the uk , you know what i mean . 
   are we not allowed to acknowledge british univeristy education is far superior to other european countries university education ? 
  as a whole ? 
  there are a bazillion universities in britain . 
  some are top-class , others gather the rich greeks and cypriots who could n't even pass in a 3rd tier greek public university . 
  the world could not find moderate syrian rebels because they do n't exist . 
  meaning rebels that can be trained and equipped by the west and be trusted not to cooperate with al nusra or isis . 
  the fsa and other supposedly moderate rebel groups have been selling us weapons to al nusra or even defecting en masse to islamists . 
  i would wait for more archaeologists to weigh in . 
  peristeri has been known to be unreliable . 
   you 'd be lucky to ever even see a wolf that 's because we killed them all . 
   i wonder why our european ancestors hated wolves and loved bears so much as others have pointed out , it 's because by the time the original word was created these people had already tamed the livestock and viewed wolves as a danger to their economic well being . 
  what 's amazing is that this lasted until very recently . 
  wolves became extinct in the peloponnese in the early 20th century and my villager grandparents were very aware of that danger , probably because of their own parents telling them stories . 
  turkey is poor , as in most of its citizens are poor , way poorer than european poor . 
  the point you were making makes no sense : this whole refugee discussion has begun * exactly * because countries such as serbia , turkey and , from the eu , italy and greece have been stressed to their limits by the refugee wave and ca n't hold all of those people in their territory . 
  not everyone , it 's ~ 50 % at this point in the sub . 
  really easy to identify them , they do n't even bother flairing up . 
   i like how the washington post tries to portray him in a positive light and describes him as handsome . 
  a lot of criminals have routinely be described as charming and handsome by the media in the last 100 years . 
  how do you know that ? 
  are you their psychiatrist ? 
  yeah , that 's literally nsa 's job . 
  i was focusing on the anti-muslim part , i know he 's not a nazi . 
   getting women and minorities into the workforce is a capitalist plot engels and marx addressed these myths 150 years ago . 
  there is no `` brand of communism '' or anarchism that believes that shit . 
   thilo sarrazin dat ironic name though . 
  reminds me of a golden dawn mp candidate going by roughly the same name ( saratsenos or something ) . 
   and if that country is called turkey , or serbia , then tough luck . 
  beggars cant be choosers . 
  funny how you chose two relatively poor , non-eu countries that are already strained by the refugee crisis for your example . . 
   nobody is against intra-european migration , since we as a continent have pretty similar values and behaviors . 
  that 's not homogeneity though . 
  if germany had 50 % of their population being poles , slovaks , czechs , croatians it would n't be considered `` homogenous '' , whatever that is supposed to mean . 
  so you 're in favour of yugoslavia and the ussr oppressing the minority nations/cultures ? 
  wow , / r/europe has changed a lot !, 
  it 's funny how germany and many eu states strongly supported glorious kosovo independence but now make funny noises when thousands of people flee the failed state they helped produce and are coming to their doorstep . 
  having an unpopular opinion is ** very different ** than being a threat to national security and being spied upon by the german intelligence police . 
   they never talk about the races of criminals can you provide a list of the `` races '' you speak of ? 
  in which `` race '' does a person from lebanon belong ? 
  what about israel or cyprus ? 
  they are n't nameless , the donors for each candidate are public record . 
  political money and lobbying is a well-known problem in the us . 
  conspiracy ? 
  wtf are you talking about ?
