  wow , i should read the economist more often . 
  i agree with many things he said , i only wanted to point out he was in a position to actually pressure the previous governments but chose to lash out against a pm who 's only 5 months in power . 
  oh ok , i only got the part about the ( now famous :p ) slovak nurses and finnish public servants . 
  verhofstadt has supported and vouched for all the fringe ~ ~ nutjob ~ ~ liberal parties that have popped up in greece . 
  he also worked with all those he now calls corrupt , karamanlis , papandreou , venizelos , samaras . 
  i do n't know about belgium but his credibility in greece is 0 . 
  the eu about to show some tough love to poland . . 
  the title is n't promising . 
  germany `` deserved '' , greece does n't . 
  i mean even germans admit they did n't deserve anything , it 's their geopolitical importance at the time that prompted these concessions from the allies . 
  thanks !, 
  slovak nurses , not portuguese . 
  interesting he chose two countries that did n't undergo the troika treatment . 
  if he had mentioned irish or portuguese workers i bet it would n't have gone so well in those countries . . 
  we had a debt to private investors . 
  the epp through the governments they controlled at the time ( the greek one among them ) transferred part of that debt to european taxpayers , the slovak nurses and the finnish public workers . 
  acting like he deeply cares about the working people is hypocritical and populist . 
  it takes one to know one . 
  yeah , because weber and his party bailed out the banks with said nurses ' money . 
  and seriously , how is that not populism ? 
  i am sure he cares very much about random poor people in slovakia and finland . . 
  do you really not know what happened in 2012 or do you just pretend you do n't know ? 
  people have so many preconceived notions about greece they are ready to make serious remarks just from watching a 10 second clip . 
  the video just showed his face and his grandpa 's face . 
  it could be a souvenir shop in the flea market for all we know . 
  and yeah , i 've been to vienna 's flea market and did n't see any high-tech innovations . 
  you must have gotten all the defective lazy genes from us , 
  can someone from poland tell me about janusz korwin-mikke ? 
  `` it 's not just greeks that are lazy scumbags , it 's also southern italians ! '', 
  yeah , i see that it 's populism on guy 's side . 
  i 'd like to see what privileges of the military he has in mind and how do these compare with other countries . 
  i doubt greece is the only country where military officers get an early retirement , for example . 
  except the european parliament has tiny power compared to the various unelected bodies of the eu . 
  the ep is only talk . 
  sure , downvote all you want . 
  that does n't change the fact that all the europarliament mps put together have shit compared to unelected dudes whose names we do n't even know . 
  verhofstadt is no virgin in all of this , he held important positions during the crisis and worked with those ( samaras , papandreou , venizelos ) he now calls ` corrupt ' . 
  also , these ` proposals ' are pure populism . 
  stop privileges ? 
  sure , then why did the creditors refuse to tax the ultra-rich and instead insisted on taxing * all * businesses with 100 % upfront tax ? 
  [ tsakalotos wrote this on the negotiations ] ( http://www.european-left.org/positions/news-archive/euclid-tsakalotos-why-was-there-no-agreement-between-greek-government-and ) :  they were reluctant to accept measures that would have been paid by the elites and the richer sections of society , claiming that this was anti-developmental . 
  thus they did not accept the lump-sum levy on the profits of firms with over 500 , ooo profits , while at the same time they proposed that all businesses , small or large , prepay 100 % of their taxes for the following year . 
  what the hell is happening on the islands ? 
  in athens you get a receipt almost everywhere without asking . 
  fucking leeches , living easy by working 3 months per year and stealing the state just because they happened to be born in the right place . 
  glad to know i was n't the only one who thought of that . 
  some people in greek and dutch twitter made the same comparison too from what i gather from my timeline . 
  just like we let them die by signing all these pointless russia `` sanctions '' and losing revenue in the process . 
  or the embargo against iran . 
  or holding hundreds of thousands of immigrants and refugees so that they do n't flood their ethnically pure countries . 
  or being a member of nato and one of the highest spenders at that . 
  that 's about eu average . 
  [ great piece of satire ] ( http://static1.akpool.de/images/cards/6/61518.jpg ) ^ ^ / s, 
  you should check his other terrible pieces too , there is one with ethnic caricatures of greeks , spaniards , portuguese and irish , all in one picture . 
  the irish one even has red hair - good thing he did n't draw him with ape-like characteristics like the british used to do . 
  but yeah , i agree with you . 
  joe sacco put it the best after the charlie hebdo massacre : [ joe sacco on satire ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/ng-interactive/2015/jan/09/joe-sacco-on-satire-a-response-to-the-attacks ), 
   the eu will be a better working organisation when greece leaves . 
  the eu ca n't even convince latvia to take in 100 immigrants . 
  i am sure they will be fine when we do an `` italy '' and say `` not our problem anymore '' . 
  you need rebooting , this is a different circlejerk . 
  `` red-brown '' ? 
  kammenos is a liberal puppy compared to your politicians . 
  we are also members of nato and he just met netanyahu . 
  but sure , `` red-brown '' . . 
  2 comments , yep , checks out . 
   corruption in your society is staggering even for the balkans you 're either clueless about the actual situtation in the balkans , or you 're one of those foolish romanians that think they have abolished corruption for ever just because they held a few show trials . 
   greece is being overrun by refugees and illegal immigrants . 
  which , if we were kicked out of the eu ( or left ) , we would allow to pass through our country . 
  that 's a problem for the eu , not greece . 
  whatever i want . 
  do n't we have freedom of speech ? 
  or is it only ok against muslims and southerners who are too sensitive to see its brilliance ? 
  it 's just satire , relax , 
  something something polish death camps . 
  ok romania , you 're the undisputed champions of misery . 
  happy now ? 
  another arrogant dutch prick , you 've come in full force today i see . 
  how come you do n't work and you 're on reddit ? 
  greece defaulting in 2010 would have wrecked the european banking system and probably the euro as a whole . 
  conveniently , your government transferred the debt to taxpayers and then sold you the fairytale of `` helping the ungrateful greeks '' . 
  morals my ass . 
   so yes , there are `` some '' greeks that have such a pension ... it 's tied to their income while they were working - a standard practice in all european states , and considered part of the incentive to obtain a high income . 
  looks like those crying about the greek pensions are big fans of socialism . 
  everyone should get the same state pension regardless of where and how much they worked . 
  amazing . 
  is it that hard to understand that those taking  1000 are a small minority ? 
  when we 're talking about austerity and poverty we 're talking about the big majority . 
   this excess greek growth was funded by the rest of the eu what ? 
  there was easy credit for everyone then and greece borrowed from the markets , not from the rest of the eu . 
  when we could n't pay the markets back , the eu intervened to tranfer the debt to taxpayers . 
  if you 're going to use neoliberal slogans such as `` there is no free lunch '' at least be consistent with it . 
  i still ca n't see how bailing out the banks with taxpayer money is compatible with the principles of the free market . 
  bnp , deutsche bank and the rest colluded with greek governments and made bad investment decisions , they should have been allowed to take their losses . 
  you 're gon na need a lot of red wine then . 
  the burden of proof lies on the one making ridiculous claims . 
  `` ass-kissing disclaimer '' ? 
  sorry i am not promoting misanthropy like some of you guys usually do , i guess seeing greek people suffer and sucking up to germany makes you feel relevant or something . 
  you seem to have a great attitude , you should visit crete , it 's a lovely place . 
  they also like sharing their girls with visitors , it 's like a tradition there .
