  the problem is n't the inflammatory headline , it 's that the article is full of outright lies :  the few reforms that had been adopted , like a small reduction in the inflated number of public sector employees , have since been reversed by the syriza-led coalition it makes you wonder how some people have achieved university tenure and getting their articles published in the ft. . 
   exactly , member nation attacked . 
  i do n't see any mention of nato 's article 5 in the wikipedia entry on the afghanistan war or [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_invasion_of_afghanistan#legal_basis_for_war ) . 
  again , the us government was the one willing to wage that war and the others followed . 
   you mean the un operation that the us did most of the work on ? 
  i hope you 're joking . 
  do you seriously believe there was anyone else apart from the us ( and maybe the uk ) willing to fight a war in the fucking far east ? 
  i am sure those 1500 greek soldiers were deeply concerned with piongyang 's aggression . 
  the war in afghanistan is a good example . 
  the us did n't want any of that but the european public dragged them into it for their own interests . 
  or the korean war . 
  lol @ all the salty nato fanboys in this thread . 
  those pesky libyan militants were supported by french and british air strikes and the eu was all for overthrowing gadaffi . 
  the great leader cameron was saved by the parliament before britain got involved in syria too . 
  but i do n't remember the anti-immigrant crowd protesting any of that at the time . 
   they never reach european shores anyway . 
  in greece they do . 
  greece , uk , serbia , sweden . 
  and all the muslim countries . 
  that 's because the turkish islamist crazies are supporting al nusra and the other `` moderates '' ( lol ) of the syrian civil war . 
  and 1200 fighters out of  2 millions of muslims living in france is a really small number to constitute a general trend in french society . 
  in fact , these numbers are so small they 're in the margin of statistical error for any serious political scientist . 
  i guess they 're similar people so their languages and names are also similar . 
  i just find it funny because people mistake slovakia with slovenia all the time . 
  the most common slovenian surname is the same with czech while the most common slovak the same with croatian one . 
  lmao, 
  it 's pretty obvious the real reason behind france 's annoyance is the flemish-walloon thing , i am surprised noone has mentioned it in this thread . 
  blaming a serbian dude for ww1 must be a new low for the historical revisionists . 
  he is half-french , is n't he ? 
  also born in paris and a product of the french tv , noone here knew of him before he became famous in france . 
  so ... congrats , i guess ? 
  there are feral cats everywhere . 
  hey , how is libya doing ? 
  great job there , france !, 
  no , but specifically targetting russia because muh reasons is hypocritical . 
  either they should n't get it because of the bribes ( of which everyone is guilty ) or because of the war , human rights , etc. 
  but the west did n't have problems with berlin 1936 , mexico 1968 , argentina 1978 , seoul 1988 ( south korea was a dictatorship then ) and others which i 'm forgetting , so how can they strip russia of the wc with a straight face ? 
  \u0399\u039c\u039f the criteria for moderation in these large subs are flawed so i do n't really have an opinion on the whole drama . 
  almost everyone here has a clear political affiliation , whether they 're just looking for conversation or they got an agenda , so trying to find a user with no controversial post ever is futile . 
  people forget how retarded cold war america was at times . 
   involved in `` managing economic reform projects in the former soviet union '' . 
  that job description sounds shady as fuck . 
  i fucking hate those asshole hipster journalists . 
  asking for support from / r/albania and / r/kosovo is kind of meh . 
  `` hey look who 's against the serbian mod , the croats , bosnians , albanians obv '' . 
  because that 's also not really legit , it 's like asking r/catalunya or r/asturias ( do n't know if these exist lol ) for support to remove a controversial mod of r/spain . 
  you ca n't expect them to be really objective , can you ? 
  also , crnaruka 's nationalism and trolling aside , there are issues that are controversial and not as black and white as you present them . 
  and i 'm not talking about the war crimes , kosovo for example is n't even recognized by all of the eu countries . 
  source ? 
   a large problem in italy is the north/south divide which is making all of italy seem underdeveloped and poor . 
  the north/south divide is a symptom , not the cause . 
  just like the north/south divide in europe , which unfortunately most here fail to understand . 
  you ca n't just say to calabria ( in the context of italy ) or greece ( in the context of the eurozone ) `` hey !, 
  be more competitive !, 
  '' , that 's not how economy works . 
  a bit of both , actually . 
  he was * appointed * chancellor by the centre and right-wing political parties even though the nazi party had no absolute majority . 
  he then took all powers with violence , which is a putsch even though it did n't happen in one day and he was supported by a large part of the population . 
  unless you owe money . 
  yeah , the finns completely destroyed their pride and motivation . . after that demoralising defeat they just proceeded to win the most difficult , bloodiest campaign in the history of mankind . 
  jesus , the circlejerk here is ridiculous . . 
  all the answers that are n't in the mediterranean are wrong and you know it . 
  source : just had my first swims last weekend, 
  i bet they would n't show the same slavic solidarity to them , lol . 
  i do n't like it either because it does n't make any sense . 
  only france , ireland , uk , spain and portugal are geographically western . 
  but if you 're going to include norway and finland you might as well include greece . 
  ... and those are n't communists . 
   dark red - commies sinn fein are n't communist and neither are various left-wing green parties that belong to that group because they do n't want to be represented by the clown cohn-bendit ( sp ? ) . 
  basically almost noone there is communist . 
  the greek communist party ( one of the few hard core soviet-style communist parties in europe ) does n't participate in the group . 
  so why does this work only on russians and not on the other former soviet people ? 
  so you 're basically saying `` post-soviets have a slave mentality except the ones i agree with '' . 
  i do n't see the baltic or polish users here having slave mentality . . 
  because it 's a myth . 
  and it has racial undertones , being a child of the ` russians are savage asiatic hordes ' myth , similar to orientalism . 
  russian workers in all 3 revolutions of the early 20th century organised and took up arms to fight the regime , russian women actively participated in political movements long before western women had the right to vote . 
  that does n't sound like ` slave mentality ' to me . 
  not that ` slave mentality ' bullshit again . 
  can you elaborate ? 
  i have n't heard of soviet atrocities in japan and even if there were killings i doubt they were worse than what the us did to japan or what japan did to the chinese and the us . 
   european religions christianity is n't a european religion . 
  there are people in lebanon and syria that have been christian longer than any european people . 
  those reparations are part of germany 's debt . 
  the greek debt is continuous since 1828 or something . 
  are you saying countries should n't pay their debts ? 
  what i find absurd is the moralistic view of economy that many seem to have and giving post-war germany as an example . 
  that 's the same generation of germans you are talking about . 
  the mantra here is * `` young greeks should pay for what the previous generation did '' * . 
  the notion that post-1945 germans have been punished for the previous generation 's sins is absurd . 
  sure , they ca n't have a fighting army . 
  so fucking what ? 
  i wish we did n't have an army so we would n't have to spend so much money for it . 
  what ? 
  most people in the world would kill to live in post-1945 west germany . 
  greeks emigrated to west germany * in droves * and we were supposed to be among the victors . 
  even in the east , the ddr was by far the most advanced socialist country . 
  what `` left '' ? 
  spain is a big country with its own leftist and republican traditions , it does n't need patronising by anyone .
