  i do n't think anyone forced bulgaria to join the axis . 
  they wanted to get land from greece for many years and tried to do so during the war . 
  all the countries that were conquered by the red army are now portraying themselves as innocent , clueless victims of the great powers , and that 's far from the truth . 
  and i am sure there was soviet aggression against their neighbours , just as there was aggression against the ussr since the 1917 revolution . 
  half the world 's countries invaded the ussr , tried to crush the revolution and reinstate the czar , something that 's often forgotten when discussing soviet foreign policy and stalin 's ` paranoia ' . 
   its a party for russia not just for russia . 
  victory day is celebrated in the uk and france as well . 
   for many countries in eastern europe it meant a tragedy a small detail : some of those countries were part of the axis and were actively occupying other countries , bulgaria for example . 
  obviously the one year the british choose not to attend everyone attending is a shithead . 
  lmao . 
  yeah , we should be so ashamed that after 70 years we finally have the chance to honour those who liberated us . 
  he is a known toxic troll , ignore him . 
  the other portuguese users are nothing like him . 
  i guess it 's preferable for them to go to italy via boat than via fyrom/bosnia/croatia on foot . 
  some of them do what you suggest , there is a vice documentary on that . 
   that the problem is probably cultural . 
  lol, 
  yeah , like they did in spain which was irrelevant for ussr 's immediate geopolitical interests . 
  the r/europe we know and love . 
  they did nothing except lose to finland which was such a crushing defeat that the finns were self-censoring themselves for the next 40 years . 
  woah , what a load of bullshit . 
  it 's amazing that people still believe such sensationalist propaganda crap by the so-called ` serious media ' and form their view on greece based on it . 
  i wonder when is the ft going to report on the [ complicated percentages system ] ( http://www.thepressproject.net/article/75883/the-greek-state-leaks ) the previous government devised in order to place their own people in key positions of the state . 
  what 's guardian 's agenda ? 
  most of the recent articles i have seen are shitting on greece/syriza/varoufakis . 
   they managed to alienate the majority of the population in the northern countries and the governments in southern europe . 
  source ? 
  is there a poll i have missed or is r/europe considered to represent the views of the ` majority of the population ' ? 
  the governments in southern europe ? 
  do you mean the italian that changes every 6 months ? 
  or the spanish and portuguese governments which obviously have a short-term vested interest in syriza failing due their countries internal politics ? 
  sadly i could only find [ this one ] ( http://www.exploring-greece.gr/_tp_media/serres/19153_n.jpg ) . 
  he never died , road signs in northern greece still have `` yugoslavia '' written on them :p, 
   a survey conducted by a french polling institute in may 1945 what 's amazing is they had the idea to conduct a poll just * days * after the worst bloodbath in the history of mankind had ended . 
  workers here have lost more rights in the last 5 years than they did in the whole previous century . 
  and i am speaking mainly about the private sector , not the much maligned public sector . 
  the previous governments along with the troika basically did whatever the employers unions asked them to . 
  ever wonder why the troika , the greek and german governments , the media , etc always talk about ` rich people ' but never about corporations , employers , capitalists ? 
  that 's why . 
  apulia and calabria breaking the spain-greece monopoly . 
  club med stronk . 
  seems like angola discovered capitalism . 
  no , but germany and most of the other western countries have vast infrastructural advantages over greece and this was true even before the crisis . 
  young people here learn x stuff then in their work they only use x/10 , * if * they are lucky enough to find a job related to what they studied . 
  source : i am one of those people . 
  yeah , because what random greek users say on reddit is * so * important . 
  all this `` i used to support greece but after seeing these comments i might change my mind ... '' bullshit you see on / r/europe is hilarious . 
  if you form your opinion of other countries and people based on reddit you 're either living on the internet or you 're just stupid . 
   to venice  to genoa  to naples  to sicily lmao, 
  athens was irrelevant anyway . 
  carinthia is basically balkans , no wonder they are in trouble ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  because obviously putin 's supporters are uruk-hai and not human . 
   as for the girls , gorgeous as always but knowing how slavic women are , makeup truly does wonders . 
  dat passive-aggressive comment . . 
  who is the zlatan of holland ? 
  lol , here it 's closer to 50 % , at least in my time . 
  haha , the guy behind the counter looks like he is afraid he 's gon na get punched by linus . 
   `` the state of lithuania was not involved in world war two and we are definitely doing the right thing . '', 
  well , at least they are consistent with their version of history . 
  what i do n't understand is people calling out greece for participating or the other western countries for sending delegates . 
  our version of history is simply different than lithuania 's : we * were * involved in ww2 and we were part of the allies and the united nations . 
  and most countries certainly do n't subscribe to the whole `` germany and russia are equally to blame '' narrative some eastern european states promote . 
  i think the popular opinion on immigration has changed since 2011-12 . 
  you see stories such as the one with the rescue in rhodes treated with more humanity . 
  the negative is of course that a big part of the population is still manipulated by the media . 
  i have the suspicion that the mainstream greek media have made a deal with syriza , they are going to promote its social platform ( to a point ) but press the government hard in economic matters . 
   this includes putting * friendly goverments in charge . 
  we could at least not remove their governments in the first place , like the west is * still * trying to do with assad . 
  the only reasonable opposition to assad are the kurds of rojava ( who mostly care about their region and establishing independence and self-government ) everyone else is basically al-qaeda at best , isis at worst . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_estonia#ethnic_groups it 's pretty clear we were talking about immigration from third world countries . 
  nice try . 
  what 's your problem with immigration anyway ? 
  you do n't even have any immigrants . 
  i am dumbfounded by the amount of anti-immigrant hate coming from baltics and polish users . 
  have you even seen a black person outside of the movies ? 
   a fucked up leftist tabloid full of feminists , sjw rhetorics and overall nutjobs . 
  there are dozens `` comment is free '' articles on guardian every day with different opinions . 
  i do n't generally like the guardian 's coverage on ukraine as most of the columnists are fervently pro-ukrainian/us . 
  i also do n't like its eurozone crisis coverage as it is very much pro-eu , because for some reason in the uk being pro-eu is considered a leftist position . 
  but i wo n't downvote an article just because it comes from the guardian . 
   i do n't see how a normal person can take it seriously . 
  wow , so everyone with different opinions than your own is not a normal person ? 
  those feminists are n't normal women , amirite ? 
  would you like to be called a fat racist neckbeard mra ? 
  because that 's what you sound like . 
  and it 's hilarious that you 're advocating for charlie hebdo 's freedom of expression , when it 's obvious you only know of charlie 's politics by the muhammad cartoons . 
  charlie has been full of those leftist feminist sjw nutjobs you despise . 
  yep . 
  a good story about greece * and * a story that shows the human face of the immigration issue ? 
  ca n't have this shit on / r/europe . . 
  at first the nazis treated greek soldiers and officers with much respect , due to the boner they had for ancient greece and because metaxas was basically fascist . 
  after mass resistance started they turned really violent and even told their nazi ` professors ' to change the racial classification for greeks to `` non-aryan , too much influence by slavs '' , lol . 
  lol . 
  those pesky western european commies , they are everywhere !, 
  what does religion have to do with this ? 
  stronger family ties , maybe , but religion ? 
  the polish are catholic and religious yet they have much higher rates than italy . 
  these pisa graphs are bullshit . 
  the music is dope , why would they change it ? 
  yes .
