  oh , germany ( more precisely : the german political and economic elite ) knew exactly what they were getting when they allowed greece and the other ` weak ' economies into the eurozone . 
  they could n't predict the current crisis of course , because that took a worldwide crash to happen , but they were n't fooled or misled . 
  two people dead and one amputated this year . 
  such a great tradition / s, 
   no mention of the percentages agreement between churchill and stalin post world war 2 in which they divided up eastern europe into spheres of influence . 
  it 's funny that most of the accusations against stalin from eastern europeans could apply to churchill from the point of view of many greeks . 
  most greeks did n't want the king but the british tried to force him on us , they changed the prime ministers of the greek government in exile ( egypt ) at will , churchill ordered the killing of innocent demonstrators and even bombed large portions of athens in 1944 ( ww2 had n't even ended ) and of course he signed the percentages agreement that not even stalin dared to dispute , as evidenced by the fact that the ussr did n't help the greek communists during the civil war . 
  the british even sent thousands of greek soldiers to the british version of gulag , internment camps in africa and the middle east . 
  it 's not revisionism when those communist parties have had the same views for the last 75 years , lol . 
  [ revisionism is when old jewish ladies who survived the holocaust are prosecuted as agents of the nkvd ] ( http://www.thejc.com/news/world-special-reports/the-holocaust-survivors-facing-war-crimes-trials ) . 
  lmao . 
  why no love for thatcher though ? 
  she fought against many communists , even nelson mandela . . 
  the other question i have is this : why would a camel herder of south asia buy a wife in exhange for a goat ? 
  why not a camel ? 
  can you give any examples of such camel herders living in the soviet union or are they as imaginary as your teutonic latvians ? 
  because it is considered a pro-greece poem at the time of the eurozone crisis . 
  wait until they learn of his opinion on german reunification ... 
  so , are we going to get posts like this whenever tourists are attacked anywhere in the world ? 
  i am sure there are dozens of attacks on british tourists on any given summer , from portugal to greece . 
  the tourist map of the soviet union could n't go unanswered obviously . . 
  i love how the example is a ` medieval baltic german ' . 
  normal , present-day latvians were n't enough to make your point ? 
  state propaganda and brainwashing does n't equal fascism . 
  not even chile 's or greece 's juntas were technically fascist and they make putin look like a kindergarten boy in comparison . 
  yeah , i know greece has a nazi problem . 
  i have been active in the antifascist movement since i was 18 . 
  i know it is owned by a finnish corporation , but it is published in moscow . 
   the moscow times is an english-language daily newspaper published in moscow , russia , since 1992 . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_moscow_times, 
  where is it stationed ? 
  wikipedia says moscow . 
   people are pretty aware of the ultranationalism active in ukraine as well . 
  no , they are n't . 
  many eastern european commenters of r/europe are constantly denying that svoboda and right sector are thinly veiled nazis and are taking their laughable denials at face value . 
  i bet golden dawn and all the other nazi parties meeting at st. petersburg would all deny they are nazis if you asked them . 
   more russians have read `` mein kampf '' than , for example , `` the origins of totalitarianism '' by hannah arendt . 
  wow , what a great argument . 
  `` more americans have watched ` birth of a nation ' than '12 years a slave ' so they all must be klansmen ! '', 
  it 's kind of funny saying russia is a fascist state when the article this claim is based on is from the moscow times , published in moscow , russia . 
  i am sure there were plenty of english language newspapers in 1939 germany openly criticising hitler . 
  right , guys ? 
  also this american song : [ stalin was n't stallin ' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ei3u80z1qko ) , 
  yeah , the same people who are all about the numbers and the statistics when discussing greece , go full berserk mode when it comes to ukraine and russia . 
  greece is one of the highest nato spenders/gdp , we buy a shit ton of weapons from our `` friends and allies '' but everyone forgets this when they tell us to cut expenditures and pay our debts . 
  if i were tsipras i would try to reach a deal with turkey for mutual military budget cuts . 
  maybe then they would n't take us for granted . 
   when your country went down the drain the first time and everyone wanted to help so lithuania has n't received any eu funds for infrastructure and projects , i take it ? 
  you did it all by yourselves ? 
   when you elected this piece of shit ? 
  great way to not insult a nation . 
   when your government started kissing putin 's ass ? 
  is it that hard to understand that not every country in europe shares your hard on for russia ? 
  i get it , you do n't like them , you feel historical animosity , you want to show solidarity to ukraine , but your behaviour has gone totally cuckoo when you demand that greece , italy , austria , hungary should do exactly the same . 
  do we cry `` traitors !, 
  backstabbers ! '', 
  whenever an eu country makes a deal with turkey or fyrom , for example ? 
  we do n't and it would be absurd if we did . 
  so what ? 
  i have argued many times here with other greeks . 
  wtf germany , do n't you browse reddit ? 
  i think his comment was ironic . 
   the most interesting thing to take away from your posts and pretty much all of / r/europe is the discussion is often about `` greeks '' . 
   not `` greece '' , not `` greek government '' , but greeks . 
  contrary to what you may have heard ( `` reddit has a left-wing bias '' ) , r/europe lately has a lot of bigots , warmongers and nationalists . 
  i do n't know if it 's the brigading by ` muricans , stormfronters , r/europeans , etc that has caused this . 
  do n't interrupt the circlejerk buddy , 
  does ukraine pay money for your nato security [ like we do ] ( http://www.nato.int/nato_static_fl2014/assets/pdf/pdf_topics/20140224_140224-pr2014-028-defence-exp.pdf ) ? 
  we pay money we do n't have , so that you can masturbate to tank parades and insult us on top of that . 
  the estonian president even had the nerve to claim greece and italy are ` putin 's useful idiots ' . 
  what goes around comes around ... 
   they are doing actual harm to ukraine . 
  that ca n't be accepted . 
  i am sorry , do we have a formal obligation of some kind to assist ukraine ? 
  as far as i know ukraine is n't a part of nato or the eu . 
  why should we suffer in our bilateral relations with a big trade partner such as russia in order to help ukraine ? 
  we already pay a lot of money ( that we do n't have ) for our nato obligations , which only exists for eastern european security anyway . 
  that should be enough help . 
  since you are such an expert on modern greek history , please enlighten me : did the marshall money come before or after the napalm bombs on grammos-vitsi ? 
  what 's your opinion on the rift between zachariadis and vafiadis ? 
  what about tito 's stance ? 
  edit : wow , two hateful replies generalising about `` greeks '' and totally off-topic . 
  good thing we now have new rules against bigotry . 
  great job , mods !, 
  my point is that the dinaric alps are n't an exception , yugoslavs are freakin tall . 
  shame the dutch do n't play any basketball , 
   where is the respect towards the resistance in germany or italy ? 
  the ussr used to name whole freakin cities after german and italian communist leaders ( [ for example ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tolyatti ) ) . 
  there was also the ddr which was very active ( to put it mildly ) in commemorating anti-nazi resistance , even people like the white rose which were n't communist . 
  afaik it 's the first time a greek pm has done this . 
  and it 's due : if it was n't for the red army the nazis would n't have gotten out of greece in the summer of 1944 , so they effectively liberated us . 
  according to wikipedia ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/human_height#average_height_around_the_world - sort by male height ) , the dutch average is practically equal with montenegro and serbia . 
   and using russia as a tool against other eu members is borderline inexcusable . 
  not everything is geopolitics , i think r/europe is playing too much videogames . . russia sends a shit ton of tourists down here and they buy a lot of fruits and vegetables , simple as that . 
  1 ) noone here accuses germany of being a ` dickhead ' . 
  2 ) i do n't see a problem with either germany or greece making whatever trade deals they desire . 
  is n't that what free-market capitalism is all about ? 
  `` let 's make greece less dependent on russia and * even * more dependent on us . '', 
  just like germany broke eu unity with nord stream . 
  because clearly putin was good then and suddenly became evil 1 year ago . 
  lol @ the downvotes .
