  no politician , or central banker even , is ever going to announce `` hey guys , everyone panic !, 
  run to the banks and take all your money ! '', 
  \u0391ctually , greece is self-sufficient in both food and medical care . 
  it 'd be tough , but we 'd survive . 
  energy is the main problem . 
  edit : lol at the downvotes . 
  greece does have a medical industry , sorry if the bild did n't mention it . 
  it 's not 75 % right now . . 
  i bet it 'd be in the 50 % -60 % range if a poll was conducted today . 
  i was n't talking just about the us president , even though relatively large demos happened in us cities as well . 
  the largest european protests were in london and barcelona , both uk and spain participated in the iraq war . 
   how else are you going to encourage responsible voting ? 
  i have a better solution , why not bomb greece ? 
  i bet * that * is going to encourage responsible voting !, 
  shit , some of you eastern europeans are n't so high on democracy after all , eh ? 
  let alone human decency and compassion . . 
  yeah , we get it . 
  we all have to be as poor as romania for europe to be happy . 
  did you just compare anti-vaccination activists with critics of schauble and merkel ? 
  a lot of keynesian and marxist economists have been proponents of rises in german wages as a measure to fight the current crisis . 
  it 's not like politicians back down when they see real activism on the streets . 
  in the spring of 2003 several million people demonstrated against the iraq war , for example . 
  lol , why does austria have its own colour ? 
  - for grexit - against grexit - avoid if possible - austria, 
   there has been solidarity with ireland , spain , portugal and cyprus . 
  until one of those countries makes the mistake of voting the ` wrong ' government in power . 
  it was the # 1 trending hashtag in germany , among other countries , so your crackhead-screaming-obscenities tirade is a bit off . 
  and the greek tourism is doing just fine , thank you . 
  do all these run germany-like trade surpluses ? 
  wow , that 's a lot of information . 
  thanks . 
  it only got worse after it though . 
  is it true that schauble advocated for the use of illegal substances by the west german olympics athletes , believing it to be ` fair game ' since the east germans also did it ? 
  yeah , we 're * totally * going to respect the dublin regulation if they kick us out of the eu . 
  lmao . 
  spain , portugal and ireland are neutral . 
  again . 
  first of all , he blames the corruption only on the people and the old parties , not on specific businessmen and capitalists . 
  and even if he did , the litmus test for all those condemning corruption is naming names . 
  he does n't . 
  no , mpompolas being corrupt as fuck should n't lead to the conclusion that all the population is complicit . 
  i do n't see the eastern europeans claiming any responsibility for their socialist regimes ' corruption , `` it was moscow 's / party 's fault '' they say . 
  let 's see how theodorakis is going to react when ( if ) syriza goes hard against the oligarchs and their media . 
  `` freedom of speech under threat !, 
  he wans to turn us into north korea ! '', 
  stop saying stupid things and remember your compatriots that were massacred because their villages `` ought to crash and burn '' . 
  no data for spain , portugal , italy , ireland though . 
  they 're next in line so i doubt they are in favour of a grexit . 
  heh , judging by italy 's political past and the current situation in the eu i 'm pretty sure they 'll be having elections way before 2018 . 
  people here seem to think financial crises disappeared after the 2008 one . 
  that 's what people believed before 2008 too ... 
  am i the only one thinking that if the ussr existed today , we would n't be seeing all that shit ? 
  it did n't succeed in achieving communism and prosperity but it sure achieved scaring the us and eu shitless into giving more to their people . 
  people repeat all the time the billions germany has given for eu funds but conveniently forget all the intangible benefits it has gotten . 
  which of course translate to very tangible billions in trade surplus . 
  how 's olli rehn doing these days ? 
  noone hates france and britain right now . 
  i mean in the real world , not / r/europe . 
  trying to spin this as a `` german marshall plan for greece '' ? 
  i ca n't even ... 
  hashtag `` thisisacoup '' trending right now in several countries ' twitter . 
  just saying ... 
   gentrification can you elaborate ? 
  i know what gentrification is , i mean your beef with guardian 's take on it . 
  they are having a hard time with the greek crisis . 
  they are pro-eu ( even pro euro ? ), 
  but anti-austerity at home and it 's tough for them to balance these two aspects . 
  helena smith , their athens correspondent , is a joke of a journalist . 
  incredible right-wing bias , she only quotes greek analysts and journalists that belong to the corrupt corporate media , especially from the alafouzos media group ( skai , kathimerini ) . 
  they 're having a hard time balancing these two positions . 
  i am skeptical towards all the mythology surrounding karamanlis . 
  the only fact that supports his supposed anti-americanism was the nato veto against fyrom , which can also be explained by nationalism ( and little political cost - it was practically `` free '' ) . 
  all the other stuff is hearsay and there are more facts ( from wikileaks ) that show his government were still very loyal to the american embassy . 
  i certainly hope so . 
  and not out of spite , i believe it 's in the best interest of british citizens . 
   like a friend borrowing money from you oh come one , we can stop with the pretenses at this point . 
  if we leave the eurozone there is no point staying in the eu . 
  it should be noted that this is is n't a telegraph editorial but an opinion piece written by a greek , member of potami , a party some allege to be created with the backing of one of greece 's oligarchs ( mpompolas ) . 
   france , italy , cyprus and the european comission vs germany , finland , holland , lithuania , slovakia , estonia and slovenia portugal , spain and ireland keeping a neutral position , makes sense . 
  they ca n't support greece for political reasons , but they also ca n't appear too tough on greece . 
  nah , we 're going to welcome them with a warm meal and send them on their way to europe . 
  they never wanted to be here anyway , we just had to keep them because of the stupid dublin 2 treaty . 
  he never wanted . 
  they have been incredibly naive in their stance towards the eu and the eurozone . 
  i do n't think they ever had a plan b for a grexit on our terms . 
  ehhh , not that it 's something to be proud of , but we would crush most european countries 1 on 1 . 
  that 's a nice feudal-imperial system you described there . 
  that 's true , the northern and central countries have massive advantages over the peripheral ones because of their geographical position . 
  we blame the turks . 
  yep , i had heard the term but did n't know there was a whole theory behind it . 
  i did n't mean it as a theory , maybe i chose the wrong words . 
  i meant just that :  the hammer and sickle has different connotations in different countries . 
  so , like tony blair or george papandreou ? 
  \u0399 also heard he gets a hefty payment for `` consulting positions '' . 
  it would be interesting to see the results from the peripheral countries as well . 
  contrary to what you may believe , i 'd bet `` both '' would win overwhelmingly . 
  no offence but how many danish people actually know what the troika is/has done ? 
  heh , theos , deus and zeus all have the same etymological root . 
  in a sense you were victims of the nazis too . 
  the [ massacre of the acqui division ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/massacre_of_the_acqui_division ) in cephalonia is n't so well-known but was a truly horrible incident .
