  it was ** always ** a more personal belief system it was * always * ? 
  protestantism started in the 15th century , that 's not * always * for fuck 's sake . 
  it 's always mind-boggling to see shit like this when all it takes is a few lines from wikipedia to learn some history . 
  if you do n't know anything about a topic better not flaunt your ignorance for people to admire . 
  personally i worry about you first and foremost , but let 's not pretend these events have n't affected our relations in the past . 
  1955 , 1974 , 1996 , etc , etc, 
  military success was never a question . 
  the question is how they plan to consolidate power when erdogan is so popular ( whether we like it or not ), 
  hope you do n't go the way of egypt , where progressives and secularists got crushed between the army and the islamists, 
  absolutely yes . 
  if only people educated themselves on history and not just reddit . . edit : aaaaand social media are blocked . 
  for anyone naive enough to believe the military would deliver democracy and free speech, 
  cameron is great at banter and clearly a witty dude , that does n't make him a good pm . 
  you ca n't tell the difference between a long term relationship where there is a code of communication and a random hook-up ? 
  if you just met her and she tells you `` no '' you better take the safe route and do n't try to force sex with her . 
  neither does cameron and all the right-wing media , yet they 've been calling non stop for corbyn to step down . 
  that 's what i find baffling as well with these idiots . 
  it 's not like ethnic brits are exotic unicorns , most of them have brown hair and a lot of them have brown eyes as well . 
  they really do n't look that different from north/west/central europeans . 
  have you seen the answers in this thread ? 
  clearly a lot of redditors are either 12 yo and they do n't know what has happened in these countries since 2001 or they just do n't have an ounce of human empathy for these people . 
  probably the second . 
  western middle-class 20somethings pontificating about what the syrian and iraqi youth should do in the middle of a horrific civil war is too much fucking irony . 
  maybe all the mras should follow their own advice and grow a thicker skin . 
  how am i spinning anything ? 
  you literally said `` polish people preferred the germans '' which is absurd given the millions of polish citizens , christian and jewish , that were slaughtered in an industrial fashion by the nazis . 
  i am sure the jews who survived the holocaust beg to differ . 
  146 bc worst day of my life !, 
  first of all , anatolia has been inhabited by european-speaking people for thousands of years and it has played an important role in european and world civilisation , they 're more european than a country like iceland in that sense . 
  and its asian cultures have been historic and rich as well so i do n't give a fuck whether they have the `` european '' label or not . 
  it 's a nice gesture for sure . 
  i think most peoples ' objection with the whole `` put x flag in solidarity '' thing was that they did n't want to be associated with x country 's government . 
  i feel solidarity with the french , belgian and turkish people but i do n't want it to be hijacked for hollande 's or erdogan 's propaganda machine . 
  why do you care whether they are `` white british '' ? 
  \u0399 feel kinda bad for all those poles and romanians who thought they could convince the british bigots to hate on the muslims instead because they are white . 
  they forget these people believe that `` the wogs start at calais '', 
  because if you do the pc brigade is going to have you arrested , obviously / s, 
  and look where all the ultra-patriots are leading you ... half an island . 
  is n't gove 's father a businessman ? 
  i remember reading about his business and how the eu influenced it in the weeks leading to the referendum . 
  translated : `` thanks , cameron ! '', 
  not in this sub , lol . 
  whenever anything related to soviet victories in ww2 is brought up , the discussion is shit . 
  you obviously have never heard of the soviet-japanese border wars , have you ? 
  the fact that in some eastern european countries ( and others , like croatia ) locals enthusiastically participated in pogroms and genocide against jews to the point that even ss officers were shocked ? 
  jesus , with all the circlejerking over the winter war on reddit one would think the ussr lost that war . 
  disputing the generalplan ost yet comparing the baltic deportations to the holocaust . 
  this guy . . 
  you do have some experience with gay far-right activists in austria . . 
  was n't stonehenge a lot older than celtic paganism though ? 
  britain can keep him, 
  `` whataboutism '' does n't apply when we have similar events happening a week apart and we can compare the reactions from all sides . 
  in britain both sides chose to stop all political campaigning for a few days and the `` remain '' side has n't accused their opponents of being terrorists ( well apart from the britain first group which was responsible for the murder , obviously ) . 
  we already have a few cases of internet weirdos killing people : the swedish guy with the nazi helmet , dylan roof , elliot rodgers ( sp ? 
  ) , all were part of fringe online communities , 4chan mostly and possibly even reddit . 
  i am afraid we 're gon na see a lot of similar cases after trump fails miserably and they lose their purpose . 
  yeah , sure ... 
  as opposed to trump and his supporters who waited for aaall the details on the orlando shooting to be uncovered before they started their `` deport all muslims '' rhetoric ... 
  what ? 
  of course not . 
  the ss was a paramilitary group that the most fanatical nazis joined * voluntarily * , full of sadistic fucks like [ dirlewanger ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/36th_waffen_grenadier_division_of_the_ss ) , which participated in all kinds of war crimes and genocide , not just in the eastern front but in other places as well . 
  they actively * chose * to do these things , they were complicit . 
  and as another user pointed out here in this thread , it 's a myth that german soldiers were forced to commit war crimes , many refused to do so and they were n't executed . 
   neither were most of the high ranking ss and gestpo officers . 
  they were lovely family men integrated into society . 
  good thing you do n't * actually * have the dreaded `` thought police '' in germany , because that 's one of the stupidest things i 've ever read in this sub . 
   these trials imply that we ( those that are judging him ) would have been `` better '' in his situation . 
  and i find that hard to believe . 
  the guards in the extermination camps were members of the ss . 
  did n't even think about cyprus tbh haha . 
  also , britain itself would be the same if scotland left . 
  crazy . . 
  kinda crazy if half the island is eu territory and the other half is not, 
   misogyny was n't a factor for bhutto or gandhi being assassinated , it was because of a political act . 
  are you sure about that ? 
  prominent female politicians in muslim and hindu dominated societies and you 're sure their gender did n't play any role ? 
  he was a lonely , single 50-year old living with his mother . . edit : probably also a history of mental illness, 
  i do n't think misogyny is their primary motivation ( well not in this case ) but it surely plays a role that they are women . 
  seeing a young , successful , attractive woman having the opposite views from them makes them mad for some reason . 
  of course they do . 
  sexual frustration and/or misogyny is rampant with these types . 
  corruption is n't always the result of the same factors everywhere , italy is a big industrial nation and has been a relatively stable western democracy since 1945 yet its southern part has had rampant corruption . 
  also , this map is n't gospel , it may well be wrong about bulgaria and greece . 
   the poverty will purify you sounds like something wolfgang schaeuble could have actually said while preaching about `` moral hazard '', 
  man , if i had a dime every time this discussion has been done in / r/europe the last 5 years . . you 're right , of course . 
  that 's true , wages have been relatively stagnant in germany the last 25 years afaik . 
  greece was a semi-dictatorial monarchy from 1944 to 1967 , then a straight up dictatorship from 1967 to 1974 . 
  contrary to the popular mythos , corruption had been rampant since well before we entered the eu . 
  yeah , open a map . 
  i 'm tired of northern/central/eastern europeans doing bullshit analyses about how we should deploy our fleet and guard our waters in the med when they do n't even know how the refugees get to europe in the first place . 
  hates `` western society '' but loves colonialism . 
  what is it with some eastern europeans getting the concept of western values completely wrong ? 
  finland has a great educational system , but they 're not sending their brightest to / r/europe it seems, 
  geography ~ ~ motherfucker ~ ~ , do you speak it ? 
  they pulled it out of their ass , obviously . 
  they probably think they * deserve * their standard of living just because they had the luck to be born in the right country . 
  it 's linguistic . 
   are lithuanians ? 
  no  georgians ? 
  no  moldovans ?
