   the nsdap used italian fascism as a model for their appearance and policies . 
  hitler wanted to emulate benito mussolini 's `` march on rome '' of 1922 by staging his own coup in bavaria , to be followed by a challenge to the government in berlin . 
  [ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/adolf_hitler] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/adolf_hitler ) who was their main political inspiration if not italian fascism ? 
   like the rest of the balkans has turbo folk . 
  we have the same and people here believe it 's `` greek music '' , lmao, 
   hitler ruined fascism for the jews \u0ca0_\u0ca0, 
  the soviets turned their economy into a war economy , just like the us and the uk did . 
  funnily enough , the nazis did n't even try this until after they got their asses kicked at stalingrad ( goebbels speech about `` total war '' , etc ) . 
  there was nothing socialist about the nazi policies . 
  some fools who believed that , like the so-called `` left faction '' of the nazi party , were exterminated soon after the nazis came to power . 
  source ? 
  i am pretty sure a lot of people in the west used fascists and nazis interchangeably . 
  after all , fascism and mussolini was the # 1 inspiration for the nazis . 
  yeah , just ask cecil rhodes . 
  as a percentage of the population greece used to have a lot of jews . 
  most of them were refugees from 15th century spain but some had been here since ancient times . 
  and nearly all of them were exterminated by 1944 . 
  sadly it 's a part of our history that is n't taught enough in our schools . 
  anyone else you hate besides women , muslims , greeks , swedes ? 
  why do n't you go back to the red pill ? 
  it 's pretty clear your ideas about women are incompatible with europe 's values . 
   women are useless, 
   no she 's just a stupid leftist feminist . 
  `` i respect women 's rights only for a couple of days in order to use them as a tool for my anti-immigration propaganda ''  sweden is full of idiots like her this anti-sweden / pol / shit has gone too far . 
  i know !, 
  after the [ siege of tripolitsa ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/siege_of_tripolitsa ) ended the greek revolutionaries slaughtered both the turkish and jewish populations of the town . 
  yes , the germans of 1933-1945 were indeed european . 
  and most of them were christians , too . 
  why are you trying to explain everything through the quran ? 
  do you realise how ridiculous this is ? 
   i 've never seen any evidence that jews are the best treated non-muslim religion in muslim societies . 
  the opposite seems true . 
  jews were the best treated non-muslim religion in the ottoman empire . 
   yet i have heard more times than i can count how great the soviet union was for forcing itself on these countries . 
  that 's bullshit , noone praises the ussr for forcing itself on the baltics . 
  99 % of left-wingers and socialists/communists criticise these soviet policies . 
  if you want to grind your axe with the left , choose something other than a poorly-built straw man . 
  on the other hand , there are a lot of right-wingers who defend colonialism . 
  hell , on reddit the colonialism circlejerk is so strong there was a pro-apartheid thread on the fucking front page a few weeks back . 
  even if these countries did n't have a problem with his anti-muslim ideas , he is a fucking walking target anywhere he goes . 
  no country wants to deal with this shit , it 's a security nightmare . 
  and i 've stopped caring about nazi punk skinheads since 1945 . 
  i hope the police gave them a good beating . 
  as if they care about history . 
  i bet breitfart has n't written any articles about the pogroms against immigrants in 90 's east germany or the `` kebab killings '' of turks and greeks carried out by the neonazis of nsu . 
   after seeing the police lay down and let ** my sisters ** get assaulted and even raped huh ? 
  you got family in cologne or what ? 
  / r/thathappened also , what 's a ` south european ' ? 
  pakistanis in britain and turks in germany are n't muslim ? 
  wow , til . 
  anything left of trump/le pen , basically . 
   before this mass migration were women also living under a threat of sexual assault ? 
  no , sexual assault was literally invented in 2015 by muslims / s, 
   they said what happened on nye was a repeat of the kritsallnacht , they want to sue merkel for genocide of the german people . 
   `` the nazi is not brown , he is multicoloured and his holocaust is the killing of their own people !!! '', 
  just like reading a reddit thread in the last few days . 
  i am sure you have a really balanced view of germany and the immigration issue , judging by your username . 
  * `` here is my opinion on america . . '' * - americasuxlol, 
  `` let 's go back to the 13th century !, 
  that will show these 7th century barbarians ! '', 
  great reasoning there . 
  you know , one could say there is a fundamental difference between the netherlands where gay people can marry and eastern europe where they could get beaten by thugs if they kissed in public . 
   and the comment section is already filled by americans who do n't know shit about what this means in reality ( it really does not mean much for the average person ) while holding up their definition of ` free speech ' which they believe to be universal . 
  and we are getting the cream of the crop , i.e. 
  trump voters . 
  the worst part about reading dumbass american comments here is the thought that these people are allowed to carry guns . 
  hopefully videogames are enough to satisfy their violent fantasies . 
  you literally called them monsters , i.e. 
  not human . 
  why do you have a problem with being called a racist ? 
  why are you such a wuss and keep denying what you really are ? 
  you should wear that label with pride , man . 
   this is what freedom is all about . 
  looks like they gave you the wrong dictionaries in 1989 , comrade . 
   `` i am syrian . 
  you have to treat me kindly . 
  mrs merkel invited me . '', 
  that quote looks faker than donald trump 's hair . 
  the way you phrased it was like saying that easter and christmas do n't have any religious meaning , that 's why people downvote you i guess . 
  i do n't know about the netherlands but easter here is extremely religious , even more than christmas . 
  schools and universities close for 2 weeks . 
  people fast and go to the church multiple times . 
   easter is also not religious . 
   should be pushed out of the door into the storm with grim resolve . 
  such dramatic , much wow, 
  if you believe `` europe is doomed '' or similar sensationalist crap , you are free not to live in europe , simple as that . 
  go to the us or australia where they 've found the perfect solutions to all these problems . 
  you are free to not be in europe . 
  or / r/europe for that matter . 
  rekt, 
  wow , the salt in this thread is palpable . 
  `` how dare these feeeeemales do n't agree with the racist spin i want to put on their harassment ??? '', 
  100 % agree . 
  the remaining charlie hebdo cartoonists pretty much said `` fuck this shit , i am out '' as soon as all kinds of american evangelical rednecks and bigots like wilders started using the muhammad cartoons as a way to insult muslims . 
  they do n't feel like drawing muhammad for the same reason the women in cologne held up `` against sexism-against racism '' signs : they do n't want to be associated with racist creeps that suddenly want to appear like friends and supporters . 
  just a reminder : blasphemy is applied when someone mocks and ridicules the religious culture that 's prevalent in their area . 
  redneck texans or geert wilders going out of their way to insult the prophet muhammad is not blasphemy , it 's just bigotry . 
  charlie hebdo are at least consistent with their mockery . 
  they are also leftist , which is why all the `` free speech '' hypocrites hate them . 
   what a fucking cunt .
