  it 's the fucking torygraph , what did you expect ? 
  some redditors are fast becoming their dads and they do n't even realise it . 
  `` reddit has a left wing bias '' my ass . 
   it was all the genocide , exploitation , and theft that made him an unusually heinous * and incredibly wealthy * villain . 
  improved that for you , 
   at the same time accept his money , because it 's still his money it 's not really his money though . 
  or are you one of those people who believe the queen is doing you a favour by letting you live in her land ? 
   calling someone 's legacy evil when you 're voluntarily benefiting from it if that were the case then all you right-wingers should feel constantly ashamed . 
  you are voluntarily benefitting from every working class and left-wing achievement that has happened since 1789 . 
  the pyd/ypg ( syria ) and hdp/pkk ( turkey ) are completely different ? 
  [ this says they are close allies ] ( https://qph.is.quoracdn.net/main-qimg-c4772251eb3f49a5ce2b7a68d96a46fb?convert_to_webp=true ), 
  quite interesting how the narrative in this sub has changed since kobane last year . 
  now the kurds are bad because they do n't want to simply be nato 's `` boots on the ground '' and * gasp * actually act according to their own interests . 
  so pretty much like any left-wing independence movement ever . 
  as an outsider looking in , to me it looks like a lot of people vote for him because he has the toughest stance against catalunya independence . 
  reddit : the largest far-right forum on the internet , hosted for free . 
  come on ... not even the israeli authorities seriously believed they 'd find automatic weapons and bombs in that flotilla , they just wanted to bully people . 
  good luck trying to argue with someone who believes race used to mean genetic traits . 
  walesa is the left now ? 
  yeah , if only hamas could get their hands on these hi-tech kitchen knives , they 'd pose serious problems to the idf ^ / s, 
   woosh the sound of sarcasm flying over angry redditors ' heads . 
  are you literally brain damaged my friend ? 
  the link at the top of the page is from fucking reuters . 
  it does n't get more ` western media ' than that . 
  sorry but i do n't get how this bigotry can be considered a socialist or soviet relic . 
  in terms of gender equality in the workplace the ussr was way ahead of the west , and even today in places like russia you see a lot of women in senior managerial positions . 
  anti-political correctness gone mad . 
  this . 
  how ? 
  you 're literally on the two opposite extremes of europe . 
   the greeks do n't have a heavy accent when they speak spanish as far as i can tell . 
  haha , the opposite is true as well . 
  there was this girl and we were just casually talking in greek , her accent was so natural that i did n't suspect she could be anything other than greek . 
  after 20 mins she showed me her spanish id and i was dumbfounded . 
  she had been working in greece only for a year or so . 
  spanish , italian . 
   being accepted as a dutch person is completely in your own hands . 
  `` racism does n't exist '', 
  thanks . 
  the two cow titties are peloponnese and chalkidiki . 
  i made sure to include lesbos . 
  if it 's strictly tactics then * maybe * but in operational warfare , strategy , logistics , intelligence , trickery the red army was miles better than the wehrmacht . 
  also , the [ deep operations tactics ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/deep_operation ) , which were similar to blitzkrieg , were devised by red army officers long before ww2 . 
  there are a lot of american military historians and us army people who have been studying this stuff . 
  in fact most of what i 've learned about the military aspect of the eastern front is by us historians . 
  reddit : where you can find rape apologia for rich us frat boys in every thread , but rapes commited by red army soldiers after living 4 years through hell is the biggest war crime ever . 
  i am sure the us soldiers paid for their loot with cigarettes . 
  like they did for the ~ ~ rape ~ ~ sex . 
  * generalplan ost * was a thing . 
  and by 1944 the nazis had all the , hmm , `` infrastructure '' already in place , in case the filthy slavic peasants refused to die from hunger . 
  it 's the complete opposite with the orthodox church . 
  they ca n't even agree on which backwards views they should cling on . 
  there were never generous social programmes like the ones you have in northern europe . 
  not even during the ` boom years ' . 
  it 's a myth . 
  and one of the reasons the pensions and wages looked so inflated compated to other countries was that there were no benefits , they attached everything to the wages/pensions . 
   them declaring that ethnic french people do n't exist did you know that these days , if you say you 're english , you 'll get arrested and thrown in jail ? 
  golden dawn are nazis , they are n't just far right . 
  [ woody allen sums it up best ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ptxkvhdyog8 ), 
   i would rather have 1000 peaceful nazis walking down the streets - / r/europe , 2015, 
  wtf ? 
  the op of this comment chain claimed the nazis would `` crush '' the antifa demonstrators , / u/fluchtpunkt just pointed out how ridiculous this is.whenever nazis demonstrate in europe , they are being protected by the police , otherwise they 'd have their ribs broken . 
  that 's just a fact , whether one agrees with it or not is another story . 
  it 's / r/europe , man . 
  nazis are n't just tolerated , they are being glorified . 
  lol , / r/europe in action everyone . 
  fighting the real enemy : the antifascists . 
  destroy assad 's air force in 2013 and you got islamist jihadists in syria 's mediterranean coastline , possibly in lebanon and on the border with israel . 
  you also got hundreds of thousands of christians , alewites , kurds and others running for their lives . 
  yeah , that would solve the refugee crisis alright / s, 
   states involved : united states ; russia  geographical region : black sea why did russia place its country so close to us warships ? 
  always aggressive these russians . 
  they got the sarcasm , that 's why they 're downvoting you . 
   the belief that anything not in favor of certain ethnic/religious groups is racist , regardless of evidence treating a certain ethnic group like they have some global , defining , negative characteristic is the definition of racism . 
  saying albanians are untrustworthy is racism . 
  saying gypsies are thieves is racism . 
  if you have a problem with that , take issue with the dictionaries or the un . 
   you will get accused for being a racist for saying these refugees are useless on the labor market because most of them are barely literate . 
  citation needed . 
  a lot of syrians coming to our islands speak better english than the average middle-aged greek or serb . 
  some may lack work skills , but so do a lot of locals . 
  they are refugees and they need help , i see them as human beings , not as a future workforce . 
  if the capitalists in germany do so , that 's another issue . 
   people fighting against some anti-greek phantom bigotry . 
  phantom ? 
  i am not contesting the left-wing part , i just find it ridiculous that people still believe they are russian agents . 
  tsipras has met netanyahu and sisi in high-profile , friendly meetings , leaders from countries that even right-wing , pro-american greek governments could n't meet without political backlash . 
  plus , i doubt they need the russian rubles anyway . . 
  / u/executivemonkey is the only american we need here , troll game is on point . 
  the problem is people upvoting him because they take him seriously . . 
  it 's amazing that people still believe syriza are communists funded by russia . . tsipras is probably laughing his ass off right now with his buddies sisi and netanyahu . 
   you forgot the left-wing parties , die linke and ** syriza ** lol, 
   every time germany 's hatespeech laws against neo nazis ( which i 'm also against ) come up in this sub , people come out in droves as champions of free speech . 
  but if it 's muslims exercising their rights , nobody has a problem with censorship . 
  nailed it . 
   that 's a complete strawman and misrepresentation of someone 's argument and you know it . 
  what 's the argument though ? 
  that journalists are n't allowed to write certain things ? 
  which things ? 
  where ?
