  i guess skepticism towards greece is reinforced by the fact that most foreigners only have interaction with the greek economy during holidays in the islands , where tax evasion is more widespread and the state has less control . 
  england ( 3 times ) denmark norway germany austria ( 2 times ) italy france greece so 8 total . 
  monarchist hagiography bullshit was common everywhere in the middle ages . 
  are they taught that in uk public schools thought ? 
  can i expect to find it if i visit a random british public school library ? 
  but i do n't expect to find even a single book by soviet or russian historians if i visit a public school library in the uk or the us . 
  lol , it 's not a theory . 
  there are tens of thousands of greeks working in germany atm . 
  as for the language barrier , there are english-speaking jobs too , but i can assure you a lot of greeks speak german . 
  i speak it ( not fluently ) even though i 've never lived there . 
  the whole school system is a form of indoctrination . 
  do you think all the stuff you learn in school is politically neutral ? 
  besides math and science of course . 
  judging by similar political camps here i 'd assume there is a higher amount of pot and sex than your usual summer holiday . 
  i 'd guess vikings are some sort of ideal for the ignorant neonazis commenting on youtube . 
  third highest comment right now is :  richie whitehead \u03a0\u03c1\u03b9\u03bd \u03b1\u03c0\u03cc 3 \u03bc\u03ae\u03bd\u03b5\u03c2 i think if wwii had gone differently europe would have never had an immigration problem . 
  it was a joke man  personally i do n't have a problem being called eastern european , greece is geographically on the eastern and southern part of the european continent so yeah , we are what we are . 
  you should n't visit london , the amount of greek speakers there is astonishing . 
  seriously , it never felt safe to speak loudly when outside . 
   city of london : ~ ~ w ~ ~ bankers lmao, 
  yeah , right ... 
  surely you mean eastern europe ? 
  do n't know if you 're joking or not , but even if the ussr failed in achieving socialist prosperity for its citizens , it scared the west shitless into giving more to their workers . 
  the fact that there has been an endless class war by the rich against the poor since 1989 only confirms that . 
   all wrong btw . 
  how ? 
  i am especially curious to hear your arguments regarding women , seeing how even today russian women enjoy far more equality in the workplace compared to the west , exactly because of the soviet tradition and mentality . 
  what do you mean by `` beginnings of communism '' ? 
  engels was inspired to become a communist by visiting the dreadful working class areas of manchester , marx was initially motivated by living in the prussian autocratic state . 
  can you compare the revolutions of 1848 and the paris commune to the bier hall putsch or the march on rome ? 
  the usual shit by the economist . 
  assigning equal blame to turkey and the kurds , portraying us as the good guy . . 
  i am sure you 'll find lots of idealistic stuff about the british empire if you go a few decades back . 
  and i 'd also argue tsipras and co have been proven to be anything but idealistic . 
  but i think the `` running out of other peoples money '' argument against socialism is ridiculous , especially coming from neoliberals whose policies laid the foundation for the shitstorm the world economy has been in since 2008 . 
  wow , you must be a lawyer . 
  you * just * defended imf 's predictions in your previous post , as you implied greece 's supposed 180 \u00b0 is at fault for imf 's numbers not matching reality . 
  this sub has become cancer , all kinds of retarded arguments are getting upvoted as long as they bash greece . 
  the imf predictions have been wrong since 2011 , long before syriza took power . 
   also , for a city its size , i expected a cosmopolitan vibe . 
  i 've been in shitty little redneck-y backwater towns in greece that were more cosmopolitan than manchester . 
  lol , i thought exactly the same . 
  we wanted to go out on friday night and the central streets were emptier than in a random shitty provincial greek town . 
   running out of other peoples money are you talking about the british empire ? 
   czech did n't `` stay pure '' , it has been artificially reverted to a late-medieval stage \u0397eh , [ they tried to do the same with the greek language ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_language_question ) . 
  pls . 
  implying the northern politicians with the bullshit morality tales they are feeding to their public are n't populist . . that csu guy claiming he deeply cares for finnish and portuguese workers was especially hilarious . 
   another 27 b in estimated indirect losses are these from the same studies that predicted greek gdp would be flying one year into the programme ? 
  [ i can see it ] ( http://www.tribal-tshirts.com/v/vspfiles/photos/marx_men-2.jpg ), 
  you 've created a monster !, 
  yeah , i 'm really butthurt . 
  and germans are the only responsible voters in europe . 
  everyone is a clown and a psycho except herr sch\u00e4uble und frau merkel . 
  ft recycling the corrupt greek media 's fairy tales ? 
  colour me surprised ... 
  itt : self-flagellating italians apologising to german redditors . 
  and german redditors basking in their superiority . 
  \u0399 did n't say ukrainian language appeared in the 1920s , i was talking about official literature . 
  afaik the tsarist regime did n't recognise the existence of a ukrainian nation . 
  wikipedia says the first ever official literature ( school books , etc ) in the ukrainian language appeared during lenin 's reign . 
  `` greece royals are lazy and unproductive while northern royals are hard-working and efficient '', 
  papadopoulos was forced to resign by an internal coup ( ioannidis ) exactly because of the polytechnic uprising . 
  if the uprising had n't happened and the fake liberalisation of papadopoulos had succeeded , we could easily have a dictatorship for 5 + more years , * a la * chile . 
  lol, 
  varoufakis has done more damage than bush , putin , berlusconi and netanyahu ? 
  wow , the hyperbole is real . 
  funny how you people have completely opposite standards for greece and ukraine . 
  what ordinary brits think is different than what the british government does . 
  also , refusing to subsidise the bailout is n't incompatible with what he said , it 's clear that the bailouts do n't work , why would they want to help perpetuate that situation ? 
   greece went from being a small country that nobody cared about , to a place that everybody has researched enough to confirm their prejudices this , just this . 
  the greek economy has been scrutinised 24/7 for the last 5 years , finding extreme cases and loopholes , and portraying them as the norm in order to justify punishing the greeks . 
  * every country * , even the most western/advanced , have such cases and people trying to game the system for profit . 
  we just do n't read about them in the ft or the economist . 
  the fake moral outrage by some people here is hypocritical bs . 
  heh , i wanted to point that out yesterday but thought i 'd get the `` greeks are calling us nazis again '' treatment . 
  ironically , ` simitis ' literally means ` semite ' in greek . 
  that 's bullshit . 
  should we not criticise the jewish cartoons of * der st\u00fcrmer * either ? 
  or american cartoons offending blacks ? 
  cartoons are a medium for a message and can be used for propaganda , they are n't a priori good and benevolent just because they 're meant as satire . 
  fake account just to post this ? 
  you need to get laid asap . 
  oh god i was wrong , you 're not even a liberal . 
  you are a relic of 1950s greece . 
  ah yes , we should have our ministers answer the question `` are you now or have you ever been a member of the communist party '' before allowing them to take office , amirite ? 
  contrary to popular belief , science and technology in the us were also heavily state sponsored . 
  it 's calabrese but derives from greek , not latin . 
   potatoes i 'd say that 's a problematic analogy coming from an irishman/woman . 
  noone asked you to care . 
  this thread exists solely for eastern european venting . 
  ah yes , we are well aware , as the slovak finance minister put it : * `` greece has to pay for its ` syriza spring ' '' * . 
  i find that hard to believe , but this whole ancient history rewriting stuff they 're doing in ukraine is indeed annoying . 
  not sure if trolling , but it 's early to claim that . 
  even if they eventually need a bailout , i am not going to hold every finn accountable because stubb was a bit of a jerk . 
  the one bailout that mattered the most and set the horrible precedent , the 1st one in 2010 , was pretty much forced on us . 
  voted by the parliament in a hurry , with ministers saying they 'd not even read the text and with 100.000 people protesting outside the parliament . 
   what we 're doing now is freeze wages so you 're just leaving them outside ? 
  ^ ^ i 'll ^ ^ see ^ ^ myself ^ ^ out, 
  heh , so * now * deregulation is bad ? 
  lmao , you liberals are revisionist as fuck .
