  lol . 
  you people ca n't stop being misogynists even for just the * one * thread you have to appear like you care about women . 
  no , they just want to disassociate themselves from people like you . 
   has n't necessarily to do anything with romanticism . 
  conscription in germany always was centered around the idea of the citizen in uniform , the idea being to keep checks and balances in the military and to stop it from either developing a mind of its own or it devolving into a group of paid mercenaries . 
  of course , i absolutely agree with that . 
  i am not sure myself i want the conscription in greece abolished , for the same reasons . 
  the post-french revolution concept of the popular army undoubtedly played a progressive role in history and empowered the masses . 
  i am just not sure about its validity in the present era . 
  i am not sure about sweden but in southern europe the red star is far from a fringe symbol . 
  it even appears in the [ emblem of the italian republic ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/emblem_of_italy#/media/file:emblem_of_italy.svg ) . 
   i honestly thought that was considered an archaic idea nowadays . 
  to be fair , the concept of the popular army was revolutionary and progressive when it was introduced in the napoleonic period . 
  but after the two world wars and then vietnam things have changed . 
  maybe that 's because your country skipped all the modern industrialised wars . 
  ww1 and ww2 pretty much destroyed any romantic notion of warfare . 
  edit : this was n't meant as an insult . 
  not even banter in typical / r/europe fashion ( `` the always neutral swedes/swiss/etc '' ) . 
  what i meant was that military conscription is despised by most people today because of the collective trauma caused by the world wars , or vietnam in the case of the us . 
  it was speculation , if i am wrong and sweden 's alleged support for conscription is due to other reasons , i apologise . 
  south korea was a de facto dictatorship until 1987 . 
  and was given special attention by the us because of its geopolitical importance . 
  not exactly a typical example of a post-colonial country . 
  better than exporting genocidal maniacs . 
  edit : / s, 
   imagine if britain acted like this towards ireland not sure if joking or serious ... 
   well , i think hitler 's germany was an effective government . 
  the nazi economy was only close to prosperous during the early war years because of all the loot they were getting from the countries they had conquered . 
  it was unsustainable and pretty soon the allies out-produced germany by a mile . 
  there are threads in / r/askhistorians debunking the `` nazi economic miracle '' but i am too lazy to search for them . 
   it was ( almost ) successful in producing the intended results by its creators . 
  no , they were n't even close to winning the war . 
  their strategic goal of beating the ussr was lost as early as december 1941 . 
  after moscow and pearl harbour they had no chance . 
  thankfully the german economy was n't efficient at all in wartime production . 
   although turkey and greece are antagonistic towards each-other they 're fundamentally allies , pledged to defend the national sovereignty of one-another . 
  \u0399t 's actually the opposite . 
  i am a staunch advocate for greco-turkish friendship and cooperation but nato is n't the vehicle for that . 
  nato did n't give a flying fuck about cyprus in 1974 because ultimately the `` communist '' president makarios was removed and that 's all they cared about . 
  goddamn did you have to make me hate myself 20 mins before new year 's ? 
   you should be well aware plenty of people do n't like albanians or bosnian muslims as well . 
  if you 're talking about greece , some people here used to not like albanians and bosnians for other reasons , mainly because of immigration and `` support for the serbian bros '' . 
   there are plenty of brown people in europe such as christian arabs , punjabis , indians etc , yet nobody really pays them any mind because they do n't cause problems like muslims do plenty of sikhs and indians have been harassed in the us and the uk just because they are dark-skinned and thus `` look muslim '' . 
   also , https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/adam_michnik ;-) i am waiting for the punch line here . . 
  good . 
  the mods are way lenient with all the reuropean shit in this sub . 
  it 's racism . 
  they hate them because they are brown . 
  nobody would be this outraged if they were bosnians or albanians . 
  in fact , nobody had any problem with the west supporting bosnian and albanian muslims the last 20 years . 
  as a serb you should be aware of how the west views white and brown muslims differently . 
  the salt is so much that if you threw it inside a pool you 'd walk on the water like jesus . 
  thankfully !, 
  first time i 've heard it . 
  usually it 's jokingly called grauniad because they make a lot of typos , which is actually true . 
  that 's correct afaik . 
   retardian lol . 
  you people do n't even try anymore . 
  why do n't you fuck off to voat or some other internet shithole ? 
  or is reddit your precious safe space where you can freely spit hate ? 
  if you believe the media have a pro-immigration bias the joke 's on you . 
  9 out of 10 articles that get posted here are anti-immigration and they all come from mainstream media . 
  how ignorant are you ? 
  take a look at the fucking map of the region . 
  i hope they put all the reddit armchair critics like you on the plane to syria , you 'd shit your pants even before you landed there . 
  reddit complains when they do n't drink alcohol and are conservative , reddit complains when they do drink alcohol and try to assimilate . 
  these people ca n't win . 
  for some words linguists are sure they are n't ie , for others it 's not certain . 
  weather forecast says it 's going to snow in athens :d, 
  the vietnamese like everyone . 
  and contrary to other ( ex ? ), 
  socialist countries almost everyone likes them . 
   the soviet union being arguably worse than the nazis after defeating them . 
  except they were n't . 
  there was a clear plan for death by starvation for the eastern european population if the nazis won and they 'd probably also use the death camps , since they already had them in place . 
   besides , the allies won wwii , the soviet union made the greatest sacrifice but would have lost without the western allies . 
  the opposite is also true , the western allies could never beat nazi germany without the ussr . 
  and spare me the `` sacrifice '' bs , they straight up * beat * germany in the eastern front . 
   flair : earth lol, 
  wait , do n't you people also say that poland is homogeneous * because * of the soviet occupation ? 
  so it was bad but also good ? 
  it 's hard keeping track of the mental gymnastics here . 
  you are downvoted because this thread is reuropean . 
  stormfront used to be the boogeyman but it ai n't got shit on reddit right now . 
   every year she tries to make hellfest forbidden . 
  so a typical case of `` i want free speech in order to insult minorities , but i am against free speech when * i * feel offended '' . 
  she could be a redditor . 
  indeed not all of them are turkish . 
  funnily , it was the greek state and nationalists who alienated them from greece and pushed them into turkey 's arms . 
  if you keep telling them they 're turks and treat them like shit , no wonder they 're gon na turn to turkey for help . 
  to add to that , this was a `` free '' vote , there were no strict party lines and whips . 
  they could 've easily voted against and nobody would care . 
  the point is that blood money does n't apply here . 
  if these black south african students were benefiting from rhodes ' money at the same time he was enslaving and exploiting their countrymen i could see it , but this case is no different than people taking money that belonged to their country in the first place . 
  the former greek monarchy is universally despised in greece , but if i lived close to the king 's abandoned estate in athens you bet i 'd take my dog for a walk there . 
  this shit was built with greek public resources and labour and it belongs to the greek people . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  otherwise all the third world dictators would be allowed to emigrate with all their dirty money and there would be no sanctions . 
  next time the dj refuses to play my favourite song i am going to write a letter to the daily mail . 
  it 's political correctness gone mad !,
