  5 comments , lol . 
  there was a survey and germany was by far the most liked country of r/europe . 
  the demographics of the sub have to be taken into account , northern and eastern europeans are a big majority here . 
  they should have a thrown a couple us armoured vehicles for r/europe to have any interest . 
  i ca n't wait for the comments trying to spin this as some evil putinesque plan to fool the west . 
  i have seen a few economist infographics that are absolutely not trustworthy , deliberately omitting data when it does n't fit their narrative . 
  for example , they recently did a map with the eurosceptic parties of europe on the rise , and they decided to omit sinn fein , even though they included syriza , podemos and the other anti-austerity parties . 
  lol, 
  apulia and the ionian islands having more blondes than piedmont and lombardy ? 
  i do n't think this map is accurate . 
  i was n't referring to you , but to other germans who probably downvoted . 
  anyway , i meant it as a joke , cheers . 
  2 world wars and 1 world cup though ... edit : wow , the butthurt is real . 
  if you ca n't take the trolling do n't start it . . 
  sorry we failed you , master . 
  i find these surveys to be very sketchy . 
  they had us as one of the lowest in stem , which is ridiculous considering how hard the greek math and physics curriculum is . 
  in greece , english is obligatory from primary school and then you have to choose french or german as a second foreign language . 
  all of my friends can speak english adequately and most either speak french , german , spanish or italian as well . 
  and parents here are * heavily * pressuring their children to learn their foreign languages . 
  i got 2 german language diplomas myself from goethe-institut athen . 
  now i am going to confiscate it and turn it into communist party headquarters . . :p, 
   what ???? 
  bandera lived in the polish part of ukraine , not in the ukrainian ssr . 
  someone has been reading russian news ... no , i just read regular history , not the revisionist bullshit of timothy snyder that blames the jews for nazi atrocities . 
  the ukrainian fascists of bandera primarily lived in western ukraine , which was n't annexed by the ussr in 1939-40 . 
  good for them !, 
  i said they * were * popular . 
  for example , in italy the communist party got 34,4 % in 1976 . 
  nowdays the italian left has pretty miserable election results , even though they still have some influence , as evidenced by the current student protests . 
  in france , the left front can be described as eurocommunist . 
  it 's funny , everyone 's bitching about greece 's spending and at the same time most here are fervently pro-nato . 
  spoiler alert : greece is one of nato 's greatest contributors relative to its size . 
  this article is a joke , trying to portray syriza 's majority as communist revolutionaries . 
  syriza has been a reformist and pro-eu party since 1968 , when they split from the soviet-friendly communist party . 
  syriza 's ideology is called [ eurocommunism ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eurocommunism ) and it was very popular in italy , spain and france . 
  they had a war in bosnia for this exact reason not long ago . 
  and bosnia being a mess probably does n't help the reconciliation process . 
   thanks for throwing the insult at me when faced with comments you yourself made though . 
  yeah , i just ca n't face the comment i made saying euro is basically mark v2 .0 . 
  that 's such an anti-german and outrageous comment , that 's only accepted by dozens of mainstream economists . . 
  are you keeping a file on me or something ? 
  you must have no life at all , i feel sorry for you . . 
  is this a dick-measuring contest ? 
  are you retarded ? 
  i mentioned this exactly because they 're like greece in that sense . 
  low productivity is n't a cultural thing . 
  i may be the most educated and hard-working person in the world but if my boss is giving me shit to work with , i am not going to be very productive . 
  to give you an example , our educational system - which is very good imo , greece has one of the highest papers/population ratio - produces thousands of young scientists every year , but they are doing their phds and are working abroad because there are no jobs here . 
  you ca n't pigeonhole the greek economy 's problems into one specific aspect , that 's why stereotyping does n't work and that 's why i gave the angry response to your fellow finn . 
  one thing people from other countries do n't know is that the vast majority of the private and public sector employees have been paying their taxes just fine . 
  the tax evasion problem exists because of the huge number of small businesses that we have , self-employed people like doctors , lawyers , engineers and because of rich capitalists being in bed with the governments . 
  people who have been working as employees could n't evade tax even even if they tried . 
  and now not only have they suffered pay cuts , even their * private * pensions are being taken by the state , the ones they have been funding with their own money every month . 
  this is n't an analysis of the greek economy 's problems , but that 's how millions of greeks are feeling . 
  yes , but they are also tiny peripheral countries with a history of being pawns in the geopolitical chessboard . 
  dammit , always serbs with the best copy-pastas . 
  yeah , i was n't sure about that one tbf ;p, 
  and also the country that , dare i say , actually * won * the war ? 
  that 's r/europe for you . 
  yeah , sorry reality does n't fit the propaganda of the true finns . 
  eesti can not into basic sense of humour , it seems . 
  less vodka , more work !, 
   if all that money goes to waste , or rich oligarch pockets implying greece is more corrupt than ukraine ? 
  lol . 
  the eu has unfortunately constitutionalised austerity since the maastricht treaty . 
  the eurozone with its fucked-up design and banking sector made things even worse . 
  my point is , your country did n't vote for the bailouts out of some non-existent ` sympathy for greece ' , they did it for political and economic reasons . 
  same with germany and all the others . 
  so please stop mentioning ` sympathy for greece ' as if it was ever a factor . 
  sympathy exists between the people , governments is another story . 
   some mediterranean country that has not yet invented tax collecting same old bullshit . 
  it 's tiresome , really . 
  my parents have been paying taxes for 40 years , and i would do the same if i made more money . 
  there are some sections of the economy that evade taxes , sure , but it 's not like this is unheard of in other european countries . 
  tax evasion is a major problem for a lot of countries ( the uk for example ) , it 's just that greece has been in the centre of the shitstorm for the last 5 years . 
  and every random redditor pretends they know everything about the greek economy and society . 
  so yeah , spare us the lecturing . 
  using tags ? 
  how the fuck does saying `` so-called reunification '' make me anti-german ? 
  it 's a view that 's held by an important part of eastern germany 's population . 
  you may not like it , i do n't care . 
  i do n't like your shitty comments concerning fakelaki or whatever fancy word you read in some shitty german tabloid either . 
  i am as much anti-german as you are anti-greek . 
  no offence , but noone in greece cares what our image in finland is . 
  you are generally seen as one of germany 's satellite states when it comes to eurozone matters . 
  jesus christ , i was n't arguing against italy . 
  an italian court actually ruled in * our * favour and then germany filed a claim against italy . 
  i was referring to [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/distomo_massacre#legal_proceedings ) :  in november 2008 , an italian court ruled that the plaintiffs could take german property in italy as compensation that was awarded by the greek courts . 
  [ 5 ] the plaintiffs were awarded a villa in menaggio , near lake como , which is owned by a german state nonprofit organization , as part of the restitution . 
  edit : getting downvoted only because of my flair , even though this is just a factual post . 
  circlejerk stronk !, 
  since we all come from there , maybe we could reclaim some ancient clay ? 
  serbia getting land-locked must be rough . 
   this is such bullshit . 
  you ca n't wait around 70 years and then go `` hey , i need money from that thing that you did . '', 
  it 's an ongoing trial , also involving italy . 
  learn to read dumbass . 
  how 's german-looking defined ? 
  do you have a book , maybe some skull measurements that would help ?
