  it was great !, 
  that 's certainly true , and i really do hate coal . 
  but coal in the states , especially in appalachia ( eastern mountains ) , coal is incredibly cheap . 
  we 're not going to move away from coal unless 1 ) we start running out or 2 ) we simply decide to . 
  and we 're not running out of coal . 
  you guys are mostly below sea level so you do n't really have mines , right ? 
  who 's producing coal power in europe ? 
  wow ... 
  i think you have a higher opinion of us than we do . 
  if only you could narrow the sea . 
  yes , that would be wonderful . 
  a cheaper euro would be nice , but i would prefer a stable eu economy to a falling currency . 
  it would also be cool if you would adopt our version of football , but hey , your version of auto racing is way better than ours . 
  i guess other than being a little closer , i would n't change a thing . 
  you 're alright , eu . 
  you 're alright . 
  oh , you do n't mean attractiveness for tourists ? 
  hmm ... 
  i kinda like it here . 
  if real estate prices and travel expenses were lower i just might buy a house . 
  yup , right up there on the hills over the mediterranean . 
  i could have my own olive tree and fig tree . 
  italy 's citrus is nice , too . 
  i would grow lemons and make my own limoncello . 
  yeah , this is nice . 
  could you and canada trade places ? 
  they 're nice and all , but ... well , they 're just not as * romantic * as you all . 
  i miss you , eu . 
  hmm , you might be right . 
  something tells me a scot would know a thing or two about the matter . 
  this is true , but all those domestic renewables have a common flaw : the energy produced by those methods can not be produced on demand . 
  when the sun sets and the wind dies down those facilities can not produce energy . 
  geothermal and hydro provide constant sources of energy , but there are few places in the us that can take advantage of those technologies . 
  nuclear is fantastic , but it is somewhat ... taboo . 
  renewables work great to supplement our energy portfolio . 
  but what makes coal , oil , and gas great is that they can produce exactly what is needed on demand . 
  i think a reasonable energy portfolio would involve building a network of renewables on the grid to provide a base level of energy and then bringing fossil fuels online or offline to satisfy fluctuations in demand . 
  they would have to make sure production grows with demand , which can certainly be done . 
  i 'm not worried about higher prices . 
  also , lng liquifaction facilities and ports have already been approved and are being constructed to export to europe . 
  we 're not as addicted as we used to be , even just ten years ago . 
  because 1 ) many oil-producing regions are becoming more difficult to handle and 2 ) the price of brent keeps rising , weening ourselves off of foreign oil has become a matter of national security . 
  our current oil addiction is mostly for [ transportation ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:usenergy2009.jpg ) . 
  only 6 % of our oil is used for electricity and heating . 
  for that we use mostly coal and gas . 
  we would love to sell our cheap gas to you in lieu of russia 's , but unfortuneatly , our atlantic lng ports are about 5 years from completion : /, 
  hey , my ancestors were forced to leave england and move to the colonies because they were quaker . 
  then the british came to my city , occupied it , and burned sections to the ground . 
  ( though it was n't too bad . 
  more like general hooliginism ) * twice * . 
  but i do n't want any money . 
  i just want an apology from the crown . 
  huh ? 
  who has been advocating for war ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  well , turkey is on our side , so they could cut off the bosphorus and the dardennelles to russian ships . 
  if russia ca n't access the mediterranian and the atlantic , the strategic importance of crimea is reduced . 
  that would n't solve the problem , but it would help . 
  i thought a lesson of ww2 was that poland should * not * keep quiet . 
  to be fair , the uk does n't have neville chamberlain at the helm anymore . 
  if churchill had n't assumed control , hitler would probably have taken britain as well . 
  they 're surrounded , too . 
  eu/nato to the west , uscentcom to the south , anzus to the east , and norad to the north over the pole . 
  economically , russia is an energy powerhouse . 
  however , the vast majority of their exports are oil and gas , both of which the us , canada , and norway have in spades . 
  if an embargo is placed against russia , europe will take a hit , but it would be a deadly blow against russia 's economy . 
  ... i hope . 
  i honestly ca n't tell if you 're serious . 
  the former is true , but the latter is ... debatable . 
  i assure you , it did not . 
  it just just evolved . 
  we still use a policy of deterrence and mutually-assured destruction ( which is shown in that map ) . 
  russia 's dead hand , by some accounts , is [ still active . 
  ] ( http://www.wired.com/politics/security/magazine/17-10/mf_deadhand ) that battlefield has changed , too , from land , to space , and now into the internet . 
  i bet the us , england , israel , russia , china , and iran are all lobbing viruses at each other like digital precision airstrikes . 
  i visited a friend in banyoles a couple summers ago . 
  i thought it was amazing how wellmany similarities there were . 
  periodicles and vampire are pretty much the same words in catalan with some accents . 
  she had the same sentiment ... the vocabulary is n't so tough , it 's knowing pronunciations and idioms that 's hard . 
  i had a lot of fun teaching her idioms and insults and `` correcting '' her english from british to american : p btw , catalonia rocks . 
  i really wish it did n't take $ 2000 and eight hours on a plane to come visit . 
  hey !, 
  that 's just not true !, 
  we do ... umm ... uhh ... ok , maybe it 's a little true . 
  i dunno , newton was kind of a dick ( er , wanker ? ), 
  and stole a lot of ideas from thomas young . 
  heh , i just figured you were referring to [ batman ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/batman,_turkey ) . 
  every new group of people that immigrated in droves drew ire whenever it was that they arrived , but i do n't think they were seen to be as low as blacks . 
  the irish were considered low , but not as low . 
  they were n't rounded up and hung from trees , but then again , an irish person was not as easy to spot as a freed slave . 
  however , the era is famous for [ refusing work ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/f/fd/nina-nyt.jpg ) to irish people . 
  [ full article ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anti-irish_sentiment ) when the italians came , the irish became white and the italians were 2nd class . 
  germans were subjected to hate as well , even before the wars . 
  hell , many people voted against jfk for president because he was catholic ( maybe also because he was irish ? ), 
  and that was in 1960 . 
  the poles took discrimitation pretty hard , too . 
  it 's pretty much the case that if your family is n't white , english , and protistant , you or your ancestors have been discriminated against at some point . 
  and even if you are in the former , you 're just a damn rich spoiled wasp to everyone else . 
  race is a very complicated and controversial topic over here and it never really makes sense . 
  for example , the census has a catagory for white , black or african american , american indian or alaska native , asian , and native hawaiian or other pacific islander , but not latino .
