  from the census ' website :  people who identify their origin as hispanic , latino , or spanish may be of any race . 
  [ census : race ] ( http://www.census.gov/population/race/ ) i live in the 5th largest city in the country and as a result encounter people of many backrounds daily . 
  i do n't believe any latino/a would choose to describe themselves as white . 
  they see themselves and latino/a and are proud of it , as well they should be . 
  i have no idea what the census is talking about . 
  let 's not forget we also have a * very * fortunate geographic location . 
  i do n't believe our mainland got any flak from wwi and the worst we got in wwii was u-boat activity off the east coast . 
  the japanese bombed hawai'i and invaded alaska , but those were territories at the time and we quickly recovered . 
  the united states never experienced anything like london , dresden , berlin , antwerp , or pretty much every other square mile in europe . 
  wwii also allowed us to build an infrastructure of manufacturing that could to used to produce goods after the war to sell to - guess who - europeans who saw their infrastructure destroyed . 
  tl ; dr : the oceans have treated us very well indeed . 
  shots fired !, 
  try a [ mortar . 
  geez , tough thread . 
  hey , you stupid redcoat , we know we do n't speak caucasian !, 
  we are caucasian and speak american , and same with the georgians who are also good god-fearing people . 
  they just have a southern accent that makes them sound stupid , but they are n't . 
  their good city atlanta is home to coca-cola , the greatest american energy drink !, 
  also , russia never invaded georgia , you 're thinking of alaska !, 
  idiot !, 
  the hand with the torch was displayed in my city ( philadelphia ) for the 1876 centennial exhibition , so we had a lot of facts about it pounded into our heads in school . 
  i 'd like to take this time to thank the french for leading the way . 
  i know that recently a rift has been growing between us concerning the gifting of democracy to oil-laden countries , but i 'm not convinced the us would exist without voltaire , lafayette , and beaumarchais . 
  merci !, 
  i was thinking more on the rational-emotional spectrum and machines do n't have emotions . 
  yet . 
  i 'll bet when they do develop emotions they 'll be total dickheads . 
  ahh , yes . 
  trading algorithms are 100 % rational . 
  people are about ( just a guess ) 30 % rational , 70 % emotional . 
  it 's a pretty common sentiment around here that the more money you make , the harder you work . 
  sometimes it 's true and sometimes it 's not . 
  when i finish my cushy job in an office/lab that rewards me with great pay , i drive home past guys older than me laying down asphalt earning less than half of what i make . 
  they work harder than i do . 
  but ( apparently ) i have skills that are harder for employers to find , so they 'll pay more for them . 
  i can thank my parents for being well off and sending me to private schools debt-free . 
  it goes the other way , too . 
  people can work very hard for little pay , but with promises of higher pay and less effort later . 
  i have a friend who works 60 hours per week managing rich people 's wealth and gets paid relatively little for it . 
  but in ten years he can expect to work an easy 40 hours per week and earn six figures . 
  especially because of the latter situation , a lot of people who are currently well off possess the sentiment of `` i worked hard paid my dues * by my self * to get to where i am now . 
  why should i help you ? '', 
  i would argue that `` by my self '' idea is also a fallacy . 
   second greatest what 's the greatest ? 
  school districts are very common over here , but the primary schools are administered by the states , so there are variations on the system . 
  texas , for example ( i believe , i do n't live there ) , collects taxes from all residents in the state and then appropriates the funds to school districts according to the populations they serve . 
  that way they ensure that each school , regardless of the local economy , spends an equal amount of money per student . 
  in pennsylvania , where i live , schools are funded primarily by taxes levied on property within the district . 
  a district with many rich families in wealthy neighborhoods will send their kids to a well-funded school so that their kids can learn valuable skills and go to top-tier colleges , and then earn lots of money to later on send their rich kids to those same well-funded schools . 
  pretty nice cycle , huh ? 
  the inverse cycle occurs in school districts with neighborhoods of uneducated , unskilled , poor workers . 
  under-funded school district can recieve aid from the state to suppliment their tax revenues , but the state is out of money , too !, 
  this battle is being fought in philadelphia ( which has some of the worst schools in the nation ) right now . 
  the mayor proposed supplementing property tax revenue with a sugary-beverage tax which he reckons can help close the $ 300 million budget gap , along with selling city property and asking for donations . 
  that 's right , some schools have had to resort to * begging * . 
  teachers are only alotted $ 100 for school supplies for the year . 
  they are expected to pay for additional supplies out of their pockets . 
  meanwhile , in lower merion ( which is right outside the city , has the fifth-largest per-capita income in the country , and has a median property value of $ 810,000 ) , the high school does n't even have to pay for its basketball uniforms . 
  kobe bryant does . 
  it 's not fair , but parents who have worked hard to provide a good life for their kids want to protect that good life and do n't want to have to pay for someone else 's kids ' educations . 
  wow , i remember that . 
  i got to visit stavanger in january 2008 . 
  you guys rock . 
  we took a midnight train from oslo through the countryside , with a full blue moon . 
  it was beautiful . 
  one of the coolest experiences i had was trying to order a breakfast sandwich at 06:30 at a little cafe on skagen street ( avenue ? 
  lane ? ), 
  by the fjord tour boats . 
  skagen bageri , i think . 
  i knew no norwegian except for what loanwords are in english , and the clerk knew only very broken english . 
  but i got my breakfast sandwich , and it was delicious !, 
  anyways , i do n't know why i thought you might care about my rambling , but i agree with your username . 
  '' ... arrange a piss up in a brewery . '', 
  i brew beer , so i might have to borrow this . 
  btw , i grew up in a town with a name from the highlands , near tain : ardmore . 
  you would n't happen to know anything about the original , would you ? 
  i 've always wanted to visit my hometown 's namesake , but from google maps , it does n't look like there 's a whole lot there . 
  except , of course , for the distillery , and their whisky is quite good . 
  12 inches to a foot , 3 feet to a yard , 5280 feet to a mile , 6 feet to a fathom , 8 ounces to a cup , 16 ounces to a pound ( oh , and they 're different ounces ) , 2000 pounds to a ton . 
  what the hell were you guys thinking when you came up with this nonsense ? 
  and why are we still using it ???????? 
   standardi ** z ** ation ftfy : p, 
  this ... 
  this is how alliances are formed . 
  deal . 
  haha , it 's all in good fun . 
  you give us rush , ellen page , poutin , maple syrup , 55 % of our oil , diamonds , and a place to run from the draft . 
  british colombia and quebec are gorgeous , and you 're all pretty nice . 
  you guys rock . 
  but if you could keep all that arctic air to yourself in the winter , that 'd be great !, 
  on all other matters i blame canada : p, 
  well , i 've been to catalonia , italy , denmark , norway , and sweden . 
  walking around the streets of rome was terrifying . 
  everyone makes their own rules . 
  in the us we have the mentality that `` hey , i can follow the rules , all these other people can follow the rules , what makes you so special , asshole ? '', 
  parking where you are n't supposed to is very frowned upon . 
  haha , neither . 
  i park on the street . 
  my passenger gets out at the curb . 
  in catalan , `` ll '' is n't pronounced the way the spanish pronounce it .
