  it 's supposedly like `` yl '' , but the `` y '' is a consonant . 
  its weird . 
  catalans also do n't have '' \u00f1 '' and do have '' \u00e7 '' . 
  we do n't even use the same spellings !, 
  i mean , if i had to go to an auto repair center for advice on how to change the color of the aluminum on my hood and trunk from something bluish to gray , or to get a new gas tank , or to get a new tire , and the mechanic was a brit , i 'd feel like an ass . 
  * talk * english . 
  ftfy, 
  do n't feel bad . 
  a lot of kids have trouble with those , too . 
  my cousin could n't properly say his r 's until he was about 8 years old . 
  i have a very good catalan friend . 
  hearing her speak is very entertaining . 
  `` girl '' is apparently just about impossible to say as a catalan , but then again , i ca n't even come close to saying `` lleida . '', 
  add `` bomb '' to that list . 
  i 'd like to blame the angles for allowing the language to change every time their territory was run over . 
  holy crap ... 
  i 'm from philly and i never knew this . 
  i looked up one of his speeches to congress on youtube and thought , `` hmm ... 
  i do n't hear much of an accent . 
  i mean , he 's clearly from * somewhere * that 's not here , but ... wait a minute ... if i do n't hear an accent ... 
  it 's mine ! '', 
  that was a trip . 
  i 'd say he sounds like a non-native , long-time resident of philly . 
  it 's really weird - i 'm so used to hearing foreign , non-native english speaking people speak english with , well , an english accent . 
  it 's nice to hear a non-native speaker speak correctly : p, 
  you made too much . 
  send it over here !, 
  i 'll be happy to take some off your hands . 
  hmm ... 
  i can get 12 oz ( 350ml ) beers like st. bernardus abt 12 for $ 7.50 ( $ 5,64 ) and brasserie dupont saison for $ 8.50 ( $ 6,40 ) . 
  does that sound about right ? 
  i hope you can get it for less !, 
  blast !, 
  i can find brouwerij bosteels deus , but not pavel ( pauwel ? ), 
  kwak : ( edit : i found it !, 
  350ml for $ 5.64 i 'll give it a try . 
  thanks for the suggestion . 
  it was a big deal over here when inbev bought them out . 
  and in any event , budweiser is n't a pilsner , i do n't care what anyone says . 
  rice is not an ingredient in the style !, 
  huh , til ... 
  your drinking sound pretty similar to our drinking . 
  except most americans drink murican lagers like budweiser , michelob , and rolling rock . 
  yup , nothing more american then budweiser . 
  nobody can take them from us , not even you guys ... 
  the best part is that our whole country is a pot-luck !, 
  well , the cities , at least . 
  yes , pesto !, 
  i was hoping someone would mention pesto . 
  myself and my immigrant ancestors thank you !, 
  the best pizza is from the i-95 corridor between new york and philadelphia . 
  but my god does italy know how to make a good sauce . 
  and limoncello . 
  and wine . 
  and olives , and grappa , and calamari . 
  and cheese , and soup , and meatballs . 
  shit , now i 'm hungry and lunch is an hour and a half away !, 
  wow , this is really a thing ? 
  we have a belgian ale house in philadelphia called monk 's that has the most amazing mussles and frites i 've ever had . 
  i just never made the connection between mussles , frites , and belgium . 
  and they 're even better with a dubbel or tripel : ) tell me , are mussels and frites and trappist ales everywhere in belgium ? 
  are they as plentiful and affordable as i imagine ? 
  hey , that 's pretty neat . 
  there 's a rossi tire service down the street from me , a rossi shoe repair in the next town over , one of my friends is a murphy , my cousins are smiths , friend down the street is a pieters ( close enough to peeters ? 
  ) , a teacher in high school was a gruber , and the head of a local university is a papadopoulos . 
  i 've seen this sort of thing in many countries where english is not the primary language ... why is everything on the front page written in polish except for the 6 words in the image ? 
  is it just because game of thrones is in english ? 
  my first thought was `` how the hell does that comment * not * get you shunned from politics ? '', 
  then i remembered our own elections not too long ago . 
  it 's a shame that great countries can end up with complete wackadoodles at the helm . 
  is that a czech proverb or did you just make that up ? 
  i like it . 
  not quite , though the brits may disagree . 
  over here a grange is a farming estate with a large mansion and a few outbuildings for some workers , equipment , things like that . 
  the only granges left are historical . 
  and because we have settlements founded by people from so many places , suffixes like - ville , - burg , - burgh , - boro , - borough , - ton , and - town do n't mean a whole lot . 
  the closest we have to what you describe , legally , is the creatively named `` census designated place , '' but this could be of any size . 
  wow , this thread is making me really appreciate the oceans and our two super neighbors . 
  so , san sans marino ? 
  ok , so this comment chain led me to look up american english dialects ( so louisiana creole and pennsylvania dutch do n't count ) , and apparently we have a few words around here taken from the amish who use a form of german . 
  have you ever heard the word `` spritzing ? '', 
  according to wikipedia , it 's local but i never thought it was n't a legitimate english word . 
  english grammar certainly eludes many people , even seasoned speakers . 
  the difference between `` these united states '' and `` the united states '' is subtle , but important . 
  both terms are forms of a plural noun , but the emphasis shifts from the units within the collection in the former to the collection itself in the latter . 
  many times ( there are always exceptions ) , people who want the states to retain more power - such as republicans - will use the term `` these united states '' , whereas people who want a more powerful federal government - such as democrats - will use `` the united states . '', 
  * that 's * what you call people from lancaster ? 
  we have a lancaster here but we just call them amish :p, 
  catalan is also missing ; ), 
  i was in spain visiting some folks . 
  while driving down the highway , they said they could n't understand how americans could be so irresponsible and drive such large gas-guzzling cars . 
  you would never see an suv like yours over here , they said . 
  just then , a dodge ram 2500 crew cab with a lift kit , like [ this ] ( http://imganuncios.mitula.net/2012_dodge_ram_2500_longhorn_lifted_7710058425514049338.jpg ) , passed us going about 140 kph . 
  `` oh , you mean like that one ? '', 
  : d to be fair , though , we do love our behemoth trucks . 
  this is why the amish are referred to as pennsylvania dutch . 
  they called themselves deutsch , but the english who did n't give a shit just heard dutch . 
  so now they 're called dutch . 
  the capital h leads me to believe this was intentional . 
  i actually went to school with a granddaughter of the shah .
