and the adjectival form is `` ferrous , '' not `` irony . '', 
  germans , meet the romans . 
  romans , meet the germans . 
  now play nice !, 
  speaking of gas prices , if you buy gas - and you probably do - you * are * paying for those free roads . 
  [ `` free '' interstates are paid for partially by gas tax revenue . 
  ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/highway_trust_fund ), 
  true , but my keyboard does n't have that one . 
  really ? 
  over what timeframe ? 
  i can read english from 300 years ago , but it can get tricky because they used a whole different set of idioms - and `` s '' used to be written as `` f '' . 
  if you 're talking more like 700 years , take a look at geoffrey chaucer . 
  i 'm told it 's english , but i have an easier time reading scots . 
  oh , huh , i had n't thought about new inventions . 
  i just assumed that those words would be easily translated into the equivalent of `` a thing that computes '' or `` a network of networks . '', 
  hell , `` internet '' is half taken from latin anyhow . 
  then again , sometime we neglect to translate as well , like hors d'oeuvres and zeitgeist . 
  they changed the spelling of don quixote ? 
  haha , we never got the memo !, 
  i guess when it comes to spanish , we do n't follow spain . 
  it 's all about puerto rico , cuba , and mexico . 
  that 's wild . 
  i ca n't imagine turning on the news and having someone tell me `` the queen woke up this morning and declared ` enough is enuff . ', 
  make sure to update your dictionaries ! '', 
  haha , caucuses . 
  you can do that ? 
  you have a committee that can change words and tell people what 's changing ? 
  is there a newsletter or something to let every norwegian speaker know to make a change ? 
  the wink the cop gives to the guy recording is great . 
  swell . 
  i can do that . 
  i 'm really looking forward to visiting . 
  i ca n't wait to drink some flemish reds and dubbels by the canals . 
  and if i have time , i might take a tour of the ww1 battlefields . 
  uhh ... 
  i 'll be visiting bruges and antwerp next week . 
  can i order in english and avoid a french-dutch-german mix-up entirely ? 
  or am i just screwed ? 
  i 'm flying in and out of amsterdam and i 'll be staying for a week . 
  i have accommodations booked for the first two nights and the last night , but i still have to fill out the in between . 
  i 'd like to see the hague and rotterdam , and maybe arnhem if i make it to the `` east . '', 
  it 's really not that far away . 
  i would also like to see some of belgium while i 'm over there , maybe antwerp or bruges , but i only have a week . 
  it 's easy to get between the major cities by train , right ? 
  and it 's not that expensive ? 
  also , i like history and beer . 
  so , breweries , castles , and wwi/ii sites interest me . 
  i 'm going to the netherlands soon for just that reason . 
   `` now , when i think about it we could have served them some food , but we were in shock and the boys had to go . '' i absolutely love this . 
  i know it 's not just a polish thing ( italians and greeks are famous for this , too ) : `` welcome to my home !, 
  now eat . 
  you 're not leaving until you have a full belly . '', 
  if it makes you feel any better , [ this ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/@39.981928,-75.361069,3a,37.5y,53h,87.17t/data=!3m4!1e1!3m2!1sqkojveiup9vo0pgrmb-odg!2e0!6m1!1e1 ) is where i get my dolma from ( philadelphia suburbs ), 
  methane . 
  ... sorry to be that guy . 
  but hey !, 
  the two [ occasionally mix !, 
  ] ( http://www.themedicalbag.com/raredisease/gut-fermentation-syndrome ), 
  sure !, 
  i 'll be able to stop giving my plants boring old tap water and give them evian or fiji water . 
  it 's their choice - it 's a free country , after all . 
  and all the downward economic pressure will turn my poor proletariat rocks into diamonds !!, 
  crowns represent a divine birthright to rule . 
  that idea just makes me uneasy . 
  but gibralter * should * be yours , right ? 
  i love the crest with the pillars , but the crown really makes me uneasy ( even with a monarch in place ) . 
  is there a spanish crest that is not accosciated with a particular royal house that can be used ? 
  this is putin we 're talking about . 
  there is n't enough morals with which to * make * a high ground . 
  love us or hate us , as long as our interests align with yours , you 'll put up with us . 
  ... said most allies since always . 
  that 's great . 
  how long has been hanging upsidedown like that ? 
  we got it after the spanish-american war . 
  i 'm mostly ignorant on the subject , too , but basically the united states had a long-term goal of ejecting european empires from the americas . 
  when the cuban independence movement gained traction , the us saw an opportunity to expel the spanish empire and aided the cuban movement . 
  something something something , we went to war with spain . 
  spain 's armada was already weakened by another conflict ( i think with england ? ), 
  and the us defeated spain in ten weeks , ending the empire . 
  after the war , the us gained cuba , puerto rico , and the phillippines . 
  the us kept puerto rico and the phillippines because of their economic and strategic importance , but since the us supported cuban independence from the beginning , we let them go . 
  but , we let them go with a stipulation - that we lease the naval base at guantanamo bay . 
  oh , and also that we install a puppet government . 
  that part did n't exactly go as planned . 
  oh , right , i guess i did n't fully answer your question . 
  during the course of the socialist coup , castro seized all businesses , including american assets , and turned them over to the cuban state . 
  as a result , the us enacted an embargo until those assets were returned and the government reinstated . 
  that means we can not export from the us , import from cuba , or travel from the us . 
  we can travel from another country , like canada , but then men in black suits and sunglasses ask you lots of questions . 
  in addition , i personally am in a line of work where if i travel to cuba * at all * i could be jailed by the us for a very long time . 
  great !, 
  they 've been missle-free for over fifty years . 
  we also have experience lowering standards until we 've met them . 
   americans are always gon na feel george washington represents the united states . 
  to have a descendent of him represent your country would be something both republicans and democrats could get behind . 
  not at all . 
  what we * can * all get behind is an idea summed up in the preamble to the declaration of independence :  ... governments are instituted among men , deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed , that whenever any form of government becomes destructive of these ends ( securing life , liberty , and the pursuit of happiness ) , it is the right of the people to alter or abolish it , and to institute a new government . 
  this originally applied to the king , and continues to apply to our current democratically elected government . 
  to institute a system of government in which the power to rule is derived from birth or divine right would be to abandon completely the basis upon which our nation exists . 
  or we can ~ ~ take ~ ~ hold it in trust until the issue is resolved .
