  after all , we already have experience in managing british and spanish land holdings . 
  i ca n't imagine purple in the flag . 
  spain 's colors are red and gold !, 
  i also like the aesthetics of the current flag and i think tricolors are simply overdone . 
  but you ca n't keep the crest if you get rid of the monarchy . 
  maybe use a triangle like the czech republic ? 
  or a bicolor like poland but switch white to gold ? 
  keep the pillars in there somewhere ? 
  or you could really shake things up by putting the basque cross in the upper left like the union jack !, 
  they 're rats with wings over here , too . 
  we have nesting populations of perigrine falcons that help control them . 
  i know , right ? 
  it 's weird and i ca n't believe political parties would do that to benefit only themselves . . 
  that 's about the same ratio we have ( 535 seats for about 340 million people ) . 
  it 's definitely not perfect , but citizens per seat is not the problem we have . 
  the problem is gerrymandering , and i doubt the eu will have that issue . 
  with a 21st century lens , i think we can look at thomas jefferson 's treatment of the native american tribes and agree it was wrong . 
  if we were in the 18th century , would we have the same opinion ? 
  maybe , maybe not . 
  one thing is for sure , though - it was effective at eliminating opposition . 
  that does n't happen if there * are * no natives . 
  our geography helps , too . 
  we only have two borders and we 're friendly with both our neighbors , and we have coasts on two enormous oceans . 
  we 're large enough to have mostly all the natural resources we need ( pre wwi we had everything we needed ) . 
  we have only been invaded twice : one of those times was all the way back in 1812 , and the other was the japanese taking a couple alaskan islands . 
  i 'm thankful that we emerged from wwii relatively unscathed and that the ussr was half a world away . 
  i ca n't imagine living with such rowdy neighbors like you have . 
  frankly , the comments in this thread are spooky - i 've never had to think about life with the soviets . 
   125 years ago ... 
  in 1889 , slavery had been outlawed , reconstruction was underway , the native population had been ... uhh ... `` addressed '' already ... and settlement of the western frontier was in full swing . 
  railroads were joining the coasts , oil had been discovered , and perhaps most importantly , we had established borders with our neighbors . 
  life was pretty decent in america 125 years ago ( unless you were a poor immigrant laborer or black in the south ) . 
  are there rules in place to make sure that you can quickly and accurately parse a compound word ? 
  i mean , if i saw `` officeofhtepresidentoftheunitedstateofamerica '' in a sentance my head would spin . 
  ... and yet somehow - * somehow * - ours is a germanic language . 
  i visited in 2008 , so this may be a little dated , but definitely visit the carlsberg brewery . 
  if they have jameson nordic pine bock on tap , drink some for me . 
  if i remember correctly , there 's an interesting flea market nearby . 
  check out christiania , of course , but i do n't know what its like these days . 
  the museums are pretty nice . 
  the glyptotek is right across the street from tivoli gardens . 
  i did n't get to go because it was closed in january . 
  sl\u00f8t ? ), 
  hosts the crown jewels and is in a really nice park . 
  you should probably check out kastellet , too . 
  i did n't get to go but it looks cool . 
  anyway , that 's what i 've got . 
  enjoy !, 
  what 's croatia ? 
  it looks like trippy album art . 
  it 's not ... for what it 's worth , the official name of this faraway land is * the * united states of america . 
  we 're not just some general union . 
  same goes for * the * uk and * the * russian federation . 
  i 'm not sure why the ukraine gets an article , but it certainly is not diminutive from our perspective . 
  i saw on some thread here somewhere by some ukrainian ( good source , huh ? ), 
  that an article is diminutive in * their * language . 
  then another ukrainian contradicted him . 
  so i 'm just going to keep using what i 've been using my whole life . 
  i 'm with you . 
  my grandfather had to smuggle himself into lithuania just to visit relatives in kaunas in 1982 because the soviets kept such tight control . 
  and of course , as an american , i already have a predisposition distrusting russians . 
  i ca n't imagine living with them occupying * and then * sharing a border with them . 
  and then again . 
  and again ... 
  i do n't want to see another hill of crosses anywhere . 
   fuck the russians !, 
  haha , i like some emotion now and then ...  the whole country is full of sick sadist fucks . 
  whoa , now , lets not get carried away . 
   from the top down . 
  do not get influenced by images of normal people . 
  they are a minority . 
  ok , well , let 's try to separate the state from the people . 
  wow , this guy 's not kidding ...  romania oh !, 
  alright ... 
  carry on , then !, 
  my train of thought reading this : hey !, 
  only a little ??? 
  we 're plenty likable and fun and ... oh , right , the state . 
  yeah , we ca n't stand the state either . 
  but hooray , people !, 
  hmm ... 
  i honestly would have expected china and japan to have switched places . 
  maybe i 'm really missing something here , but , if after 4000 years your people have been persecuted wherever they go and yet believe they are god 's chosen people , would n't you all want to stick together ? 
  you know , alliances and stuff ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  hooray , wasps !, 
  it 's interesting that when it comes to tolerance of muslims , we can agree with russia and turkey , and when it comes to tolerance of jews , we 're unchallenged , even by israel . 
  i was inspired by [ this post ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/21i0s6/what_does_the_bbc_have_to_say_about_your_country/ ) . 
  the factbook is more statistic-oriented than the bbc 's write-ups and includes more territories . 
  take a look at the international disputes section - that can get interesting !, 
  and their map seems to depict jfk as lord of north america . 
  of all the images to put on the continent , i do n't know why they chose jfk . 
  why not , oh i do n't know , corn ? 
  we all have corn !, 
  i 'll bring the candy and soda . 
  maybe a laser pointer , too . 
  this should be a good show . 
  a person can surely possess empathy without owning blame for any wrongdoing , right ? 
  this happens all over the world . 
  i would argue that the american situation is a little different because so many of us or our families immigrated long after injustices were committed .
