  that does n't mean we do n't have empathy for the slaves and their descendants , or the native americans , or the irish , or any other persecuted group , we just do n't want to get blamed for something we had nothing to do with . 
  similarly , today 's germans did n't commit genocide , today 's spaniards did n't force converts to catholicism , and today 's belgians did n't destroy central africa . 
  i would be stunned if anyone here expected them to accept blame for what their country had done before their time . 
  did you kill anyone ? 
  steal ? 
  burn ? 
  you were a kid . 
  you should n't carry blame for something you had no part of . 
  all you should carry is empathy . 
  i thought it was funny : /, 
  damn straight . 
  canada had better not try any funny stuff !, 
  but that `` bit north of the wall '' gave us scotch whisky and golf . 
  that sounds civilized to me . 
  should we be getting our muskets out of storage ? 
  true , but i do n't really consider it a `` news '' outlet . 
  it simply delivers content of current events in a factual manner with no bias or editorials ... oh no ... 
  wait , that * is * a news outlet !, 
  i 've been fooled into thinking `` news '' is sensationalized topical entertainment !, 
  * noooooooooooo !!!, 
  they have amazing food and their women are beautiful . 
  how 's that for a stereotye ? 
  that 's true , but it * also * must be made out of at least 51 % corn , which is why i mentioned it . 
   until i started consuming us media ... ahh , well , there 's your problem . 
  the extreme cases are broadcast nationally . 
  and the * most * extreme cases are broadcast globally . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/five-myths-about-missing-children/2013/05/10/efee398c-b8b4-11e2-aa9e-a02b765ff0ea_story.html ) something from the media that is n't batshit crazy . 
  ... enter game theory , where the aggregate of all the actions those individual actors do * becomes * the underlying fundamental dynamic . 
   in the us it 's so common that a robbed gang can enter any home and murder/rape the inhabitants that it does n't make national news anymore when it happens . 
  i 'm really curious , where did you get this idea ? 
  movies ? 
  cop dramas ? 
  this sort of thing just does n't happen . 
  rape most often occurs between people who already know each other and murder most often happens in bad neighborhoods with gang members killing each other . 
  if you 're not in a gang , your chance of getting murdered drops significantly * even in * those bad neighborhoods . 
  i live just outside philadelphia , one of the most crime-ridden major cities , and i work in the city . 
  i have never know someone who has been burglarized , mugged , assaulted , or anything like that , except for my friend who used to have things stolen from him by his dickhead brother . 
  bourbon , in particular !, 
  if there 's one thing on this planet that can bring people together , it 's that we all make alcohol out of whatever is growing around us . 
  it 's beautiful , really . 
  right , `` aggression '' in that forces under the command of a secessionist general fired upon federal forces in a defensive position , who then had to return fire . 
  civil wars are horrible , moreso than wars between nations . 
  ours , spain , bosnia ... if ukraine descends into a civil war , i want no part of it . 
  yeah , i guess we got lucky with that one . 
  it looks nice . 
  i 'd like to visit sometime . 
  it 's a trove of natural treasures . 
  oil , gold , furs , lumber , and one of the richest fishing grounds on the planet . 
  i guess , in a roundabout way , we have you ( and france ) to thank for that . 
  thanks , chap !, 
  you left out one particular war - our bloodiest war - that was fought to ensure our borders * did n't * change . 
  looks like you forgot the bloodiest war we ever fought was to ensure that borders * did n't * change . 
  and the funny thing is that they sold it to us * because * of crimea !, 
  the czar was in debt after the losing the crimean war and desperately needed to refill its treasury . 
  meanwhile , right next to alaska , england was developing territories in what is now canada . 
  the czar feared that , in its weakend state , alaska would be annexed by england . 
  the czar decided that if russia was going to lose alaska , they might as well get something for it , so it was sold to us . 
  and it was sold at a steep discount , too . 
  hooray !, 
  because there is a risk of tying up money for a long time before seeing a return . 
  by buying at the beginning of an upswing , the time until an investor sees a return is much shorter . 
  besides , i actually really like spain . 
  i have friends there ( catalunya ) , too , and i 'd like to see more happy spaniards and fewer angry spaniards . 
  dear spain - you guys rock . 
  please get your shit together . 
  i want to buy some costa brava property . 
  oh , and `` delenda est mararchia ? '', 
  go for it , all the cool countries have done it !, 
  sincerely , a guy from across the pond ~ ~ ~  two british tourists injured when jumping into an empty swimming pool . 
  how drunk must a person be to think an empty pool is full of water ? 
   head of local administration is arrested for not resolving the problem . 
  holy shit ... your politicians are arrested for not fulfilling their duties ? 
  that 's hardcore . 
  ours just get removed from power - sometimes . 
  there 's nothing immoral about buy discounted securities . 
  but russian securities ? 
  personally , i 'm staying away . 
  there 's money to be made in plenty of other places . 
  there is also increased risk , however , that politics can ruin your investment . 
  we had polititions throwing around the idea that , as part of sanctions , americans who invest in russian companies should be considered spies . 
  i do n't know how much chance there is of that policy being enacted into law , but that 's a risk i 'm not willing to take . 
  i met a girl from catalonia while she was working in the us as an au pair and she had the same question . 
  when she asked me she had this bewildered and excited look on her face . 
  i lived in a fraternity house for two years . 
  those `` movie parties '' do n't happen all the time , but they do happen . 
  we usually used our basement as a party venue . 
  we once had a beach party where we waterproofed the basement , built a slip 'n' slide , built a pool , trucked in two tons of sand to make a beach , served margaritas and pina coladas , and people showed up in swimsuits . 
  this was in february . 
  usually , though , we would just have simply parties with beer , punch , music , and a bunch of people - no theme . 
  there were six fraternities on campus and six team houses ( hockey , football , etc. ), 
  and each house would throw two parties per week . 
  so there was a lot to choose from . 
  as far as themes go , though , halloween was incredible . 
  some schools have traditional enormous campus-wide parties where drinking laws are suspended . 
  do a search for `` lafayette all-college day '' , `` cornell slope day '' , and `` penn state tailgating '' to see what i mean : d, 
  it usually is by design . 
  my college * required * that all freshmen live with a roommate to promote socializing and to `` normalize '' any home-schooled kids who did n't know how to interact with other people . 
  sophmores could choose to live alone , but most chose to live with a roommate or two in a room or suite for the camaraderie . 
  most upperclassmen would then leave the dorms and live in a house off-campus or in a fraternity or sorority house . 
  i lived in my fraternity house junior and senior years and always with a roommate .
