  if you ever get the chance visit maastricht . 
  great quaint little city on the border with germany . 
  we sure do !, 
  although i have lived in germany and austria the last four years and have gotten used to metres , kilos and crazy european shoe sizes . 
  funny thing is every time i try to explain the whole stone thing to europeans they always think im taking the piss out of them . 
  i know those feels . 
  growing up we had miles , and then just as i become old enough to drive , bam , we switched the kilometers . 
  at least now i can think in both . 
  come to ireland , we may drive on the left , but at least we use kilometers  . 
  can you explain to me the hypothetical of what might have happened had anglo not been bailed out on both a domestic and global financial level ? 
  you say that ireland 's credit rating went to junk , but we are currently at a - right now while iceland are still at bbb - . 
  as for the unemployment , i always assumed that this was more due to the building boom and subsequent collapse . 
  for years the trades were doing great and then when it went bust everyone was spontaneously out of work . 
  this naturally had a knock on effect on many other sectors . 
  at least that 's what i always assumed myself , again please correct me if i am wrong . 
  http://www.marketoracle.co.uk/article42981.html here is an interesting article i read , but i have extreme doubts on its legitimacy . 
  what are your thoughts on this ? 
  sorry to wreak your head with so many questions but i 'm a curious guy with only a limited knowledge the financial sector . 
  would the companies not just jump ship to the next best tax haven ? 
  like it or not , but it 's the only thing that attracts any industry into the country . 
  we have a lot of well educated people , but wages and cost of business without the tax exemptions would probably be quite high . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong here , but was it not in irelands interests to bail out the banks in the large scheme of things ? 
  i mean we are now a global economy and if ireland burned the bank holders would we not have fucked up our credit rating to a point where we would be screwed ? 
  i mean iceland burned the banks and their creit rating went from aa to bbb - if i recall correctly . 
  apparently this has caused them to devalue the currency ( somthing that we cant do ) and the prices to go up all across the board . 
  all of this i heard from a guy from iceland so i dont know how reliable it is , but i could do with some explanation of the whole affair . 
  except that dublin is n't in the uk . 
  because english politics are heavily linked with irish and to a lesser extent european politics . 
  it does really scare me as an irish dude living in austria and germany . 
  almost noone i know can speak irish , and i am from the west of ireland . 
  ah but the blue shirts are loooong gone . 
  at least i think its the blue shirts , educate me if i made a false assumption . 
  i know that , but they do actually have people working in the it sector for them . 
  i have a few friends working for google and microsoft , as well as oracle . 
  would have thought dublin would be up there with the european headquarters of pretty much every big american tech company . 
  all i know is that if putin would invade finland then its ww3 . 
  irish bookmaker paddy power ', 
  it is n't common but it happens in parts of spain , italy , turkey , and greece ( or at least the parts i have visited/have friends from ) . 
  both are official . 
  irish is mandatory in schools and there are a few small gaelteacht areas where more people speak irish . 
  saying that , everyone speaks english and most people can barely speak a sentence in irish . 
  irish may be an official language of ireland but the majority of irish people can barely communicate though irish , or in a lot of cases we cant even string 2 sentences together . 
  i 'm sure the majority of us would fail an irish test also . 
  just wanted to add that its not all nerds . 
  lived there for a year as a foreigner ( irish myself ) and i really loved it . 
  not much in the way of a music scene , but you can travel to k\u00f6ln or maastricht . 
  lived in aachen and i thought as much . 
  great city , but the people are n't really all that left wing , despite the amount of intellectuals and science students . 
  to be fair the vast majority of these people in ireland are settled now , which in turn , has destroyed countless council estates . 
  but they are irish , as in from the island of ireland . 
  irish is technically one if 3 correct terms . 
  the other two being northern irish and british . 
  dave king from flogging molly is from , and grew up in dublin though . 
  shannon is an airport , not a city . 
  it 's closest to limerick city . 
  ireland can refer to either the island or ireland or the state of ireland ( also known as the republic of ireland ) . 
  well it did vote it in on a majority so , forget about the people who are hating on it ( hate using that verb , argggh ) and focus on the people in france who voted it in . 
  no they all had great times in bratislava . 
  i have been there myself many times ( i live nearby in vienna ) and i have always had a blast . 
  beautiful city it aint though . 
  i have heard a lot of people describe bratislava , but not as being beautiful . 
  i know , i lived on the border near it . 
  its in limburg `` well , germany is doing relatively well at the moment ... i 'll think about it . 
  they can have limburg in any case . '', 
  awesome . 
  lived in aachen for a bit and love maastricht . 
  because as he stated he has an anti erdogan bias . 
  me neither , and i love irish folklore . 
  my point was that the eu were n't forcing ireland to do without irish translators in parliament . 
  the irish government agreed that it was not necessary as every irish politician can speak english to a bilingual capacity . 
  if there is no translation available then of course irish mep 's are n't going to be tolerated speaking in irish and wasting everyone 's time . 
  as far as i know the irish government have made an agreement with the eu that we do not need to have an interpreter present as every irish politician ( and pretty much every irish person ) speaks english anyway . 
  i agree , but a lot of people would still put him up there . 
  were n't all the bail out negotiations made when ff were on office ? 
  if that 's the case then he has done nothing but implement what ff put on the table . 
  disclaimer - i have been outside of the country for the last 6 years so i could be incorrect and i in no way support ff . 
  michael collins , \u00c9amon de valera and most of the irish revolutionaries which formed modern ireland . 
  in the modern context , i guess president michael d higgins . 
  i wouldnt say we put him up on a pedestal but he is quite liked , well spoken , and full of charisma . 
  as much as i dislike nigel farage , i do have to agree with him on a few of his points . 
  sorry about that , but you know we had to get payback somehow  . 
  well put . 
  totally agree . 
  it 's not about the everyman working 12-14 hours a day , it 's about how a government balances a budget . 
  greece borrowed heavily so it could afford the good life before the crisis instead of developing the economy . 
  they did this despite realising that the debt was insurmountable . 
  that 's most people 's beef with greece . 
  i personally have seen how austerity can destroy lives , but i still do n't think greece should get any special treatment . 
  if they do countries like spain , portugal and ireland will also start demanding the same treatment which will only weaken the eurozone further , and cause more infighting between the nations . 
  is there a difference between an azorean pineapple and a regular one ? 
  oh come on . 
  let 's face it , the eurovision is almost nothing to do with talent and everything to do with politics . 
  that was my point . 
  you know what was built in germany and has never had any problems ... the g36  . 
  not anymore , our economy is built on multinationals and the double irish tax loophole now . 
  not a hell of a lot better morally , but much better stability wise . 
  i wouldnt count on it , have you seen property prices in dublin atm ? 
  maybe in leinster . 
  us munster folk are good , god fearing honest people  . 
  yup 6 other countries have lower corporate tax rates in europe .
