but ireland , morocco , turkey and marturia all drink more tea per capita . 
  yeah , because cutting taxes for the rich when people on the other end of the spectrum are still suffering is a great idea ... 
  i 'm irish and when i came home i could n't believe the major anti eu sentiment going around . 
  merkel is constantly being compared to hitler , and people seem to think that germany are to blame for everything . 
  oh yeah , blame your greed on the country that are trying to help you out ... makes sense . 
  what i never understood was how the fuck hungarians can afford to have a car . 
  petrol is the same price as here , and you guys earn about 1/3 of the salary . 
  i dont get it either , but a lot of people i know with somewhat decent jobs are coming out with about 2,3 k a month . 
  if you multiply that by two in a household then its possible to pay the mortgage , but you will be paying it for the rest of your life i guess . 
  home ownership is n't really a thing in the cities in austria , but once you get out to the country side the price of buying land is quite cheap relatively speaking . 
  apparently a lot of people do a lot of work on their own houses when building , with help from the community - or so i have heard . 
  yup , still sucks !, 
  trust me , i am an irish guy living in vienna . 
  1050 here goes a hell of a lot further than 1400 would anywhere in ireland . 
  in my home town with ca. 25,000 people rent is almost the same price as here - also food , drink and pretty much everything bar clothes and consumer electronics are far more expensive in ireland . 
  on top of that there is no real functional public transportation ( although it is getting better ) which means that if you live outside dublin a car is an absolute necessity . 
  petrol prices , motor tax , insurance are all more expensive in ireland . 
  indeed , although actual buying power in ireland is quite low in my opinion . 
  at least in comparison to germany and austria . 
  and its a good thing too with the cost of living !, 
  there is a bit on the plantations but other than that not much , at least in the curriculum i studied . 
  surprisingly not as much as you would think , although i did not do history for leaving certificate ( the last two years of school ) and i think that the majority of modern irish history is covered then . 
  irish history is poorly taight in irish schools . 
  or at least it was at mine . 
  we never even did the famine , one of the biggest irish historical events . 
  in ireland we did pretty much no european history pre world war 2 . 
  it went from the iron age straight to the plantations and the struggle for irish independence and finished at ww2 . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-scotland-glasgow-west-22276018 yes it is . 
  http://www.heraldscotland.com/news/crime-courts/city-is-scotlands-most-violent-place-despite-drop-in-offences.24665092 edit - more up to date article . 
  am i the only one who needs a key for a lot of those early flags ? 
  you all have to remember that glasgow is a notoriously rough city where people love to kick off for any given reason . 
  ireland here , it 's not just the uk countries who drive on the left . 
  and azerbaijan . 
  i dunno , i think the union jack is outdated anyway as is . 
  after all , it still has st.patricks cross representing the island of ireland and it has nothing representing wales . 
  and before people start kicking off saying that st.patricks cross represents northern ireland , typically the unofficial flag of northern ireland uses a mix of st. george 's cross and the red hand of ulster . 
  are wages really higher in austria than in russia ?? 
  it was my understanding that wages are n't very high in reality here due to the progressive taxation system . 
  lived here for 3 years and i would say that the wage after tax is n't anything special but the cost of living is low so it makes up for it . 
  the majority of my friends in university say they will leave for germany after graduation , because they can make more money there . 
  i have also heard this . 
  someone told me that they recently beat out the sas but my source is known for talking through his arse so i would take that with a mountain of salt . 
  if russia wanted to invade ireland , they could do it in the morning . 
  however saying that russia has no reason to attack ireland except expansion . 
  if they are going to expand to the point where they want ireland , then europe is already going to be toppled and we are screwed anyway . 
  if that happens we will recert to guerilla warfare just like we did with england . 
  i doubt it would be as effective , but you cant hurt a country for trying . 
  the same could be said about a lot of multinationals in european countries . 
  multinational companies relocate to ireland for 4 other big reasons just off the top of my head . 
  of course being in europe is the main reason , but its not the only one . 
  the double irish tax loophole 2 . 
  we speak english 3 . 
  we are well educated 4 . 
  we are geographically between mainland europe and america . 
  ok , i 'm going to rephrase it for the pedantic people . 
  we have friendly countries on all sides , i.e. 
  countries who are n't going to randomly invade ireland . 
  are you seriously being pedantic to the point where you ca n't tell i meant the british army ? 
  no wonder the irish think you lot are knobs / sarcasm / tongue in cheek, 
  ah now i do n't know about that . 
  for one thing we would need to export our crops from the island and we also do not have a lot of crops due to our land area in comparison to bigger eu states . 
  i think it would be inefficient personally , although i do not have the facts or figures to back that up so i could be wrong . 
  please feel free to correct me . 
  i agree with you on this . 
  ireland made absolute huge leaps and bounds because of the eu . 
  what public infrastructure we have is because of the eu . 
  i myself live in austria which is only possible because of the eu . 
  saying that , ireland also gave lots to the eu , including a lot of fishing rights , cheap labour for years etc. 
  also we signed up for an free trade economic area , not a military . 
  if they had been the conditions for joining , we might not be in the eu in the first place . 
  yeah , most irish people also have no idea . 
  i would n't have known myself if rte ( the national broadcaster ) didnt show a documentary last year . 
  the uk has a well trained and substantial army , and has been actively engaged in warfare since the birth of the country . 
  ireland on the other hand has a tiny military , and has been a neutral country since the birth of the country . 
  comparing us to america and the uk is like comparing apples and oranges . 
  we are not actually one of the biggest benefactors of the eu . 
  according to this guardian article , ireland is in place 13 of 28 of contributions made vs. 
  expenditure . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2012/nov/22/eu-budget-spending-contributions-european-union poland on the other hand is at 23rd place . 
  not really , we are a neutral country , the same could be said of switzerland liechtenstein and sweden . 
  it 's been like this since the birth of the state , with the exception of some dodgy policies in regards to the use of our airports and naval bases . 
  anyway have you seen the irish army ? 
  it 's tiny and it 's help would almost be insignificant . 
  people who fought for england during the time were seen as traitors , and rightly so in the context of the time . 
  of course today it would never happen , and thank god for that . 
  we now have a pretty damn good relationship with our closest neighbour !, 
  ireland has a huge geographical edge on belgium though . 
  the fact that we are island with allies on all sides as a buffer makes it a lot easier to remain neutral . 
  our geographical location pretty much does though . 
  we have the us to the west , the arctic to the north and europe to the east and south . 
  ireland 's current military is a pitiful joke , and would not be any use in a war anyway . 
  losing our neutrality would give us no benefits . 
  also , if an aggressor actually theoretically invaded we would be more successful in guerilla warfare anyway . 
  if irish people want to actively partake in war they can always join the english army , like they did in ww2 and ww1 . 
  not all eu members want to join nato or spend 2 % of gdp . 
  although i do n't represent the whole country , i would rather we kept our neutrality ( or whats left of it ) and steer clear of this one . 
  can you not just run the plates through a computer ? 
  i mean there are plenty of english cars that drive in europe all the time which do n't have either a europe sticker nor an eu flag on the number plate . 
  why would you need to know that ? 
  wait , why would you need a sticker at all ?
