   was basically hacking the bank of greece and the tax authority do you really believe that ? 
   varoufakis actually had the plan to pump out drakhmas ready to go that 's not true . 
  he wanted to pressure europe by threatening to restructure a small amount of the greek debt that would basically fuck up the european qe . 
  this idiotic statement that i see only on the internet . 
  there is not a single person in greece that is blaming only eu . 
  the ironic phrase `` you are in greece ... '' meaning `` everything is fucked up here '' is used since forever . 
  eu fucked up really badly after 2008 tho and seriously , whatever greece does , without making the debt sustainable , the crisis wo n't be over . 
  why the fuck would greece enter turkey ? 
  greece is not claiming anything . 
  yeah ... turkey will bring the whole army at the borders . 
  half of them will enter greece through a couple of bridges and the rest will enter swimming . 
  there is a huge river that seperates greece and turkey . 
  passing from evros is not easy . 
  agreed on that . 
  as for airforce the gap is not closing . 
  turkey will have the clear edge when the f-35 package arrives . 
  until then , greece has the slight edge . 
  the point is as i am trying to say again , that the casualties will be so many for both sides that it 's simply not worth it even with the economy of greece as it is right now . 
  have you ever looked the numbers ? 
  turkey and greece have relatively equal numbers on airforce and navy . 
  some would say that greece is even better on airforce due to variety with the addition of mirage . 
  the difference is at the land forces . 
  the point tho it 's that the casualties will be so many that the war is not an option and not only that , but it 's also not sustainable for both sides . 
  how ? 
  with relatively equal airforces and navies it 's almost impossible . 
  how ? 
  it 's very unlikely that turkey can beat greece alone . 
  the losses will be so massive for both sides that there is no way for war to be sustainable . 
  what interest should i have ? 
  you have to go back to school to learn what communism is and then read the programs of syriza throughout the years including when they were named `` synaspismos '' and understand that syriza has nothing to do with communism . 
  there is nothing i can do for you and i ca n't show interest for a joke that you are so passionately claim to be true . 
  dude ... a whole post of bullshit to prove that syriza is somewhat related to communism which is a joke . 
  for fucks sake ... 
  radical left = / = communism . 
  also , as you said that branch of the party has left since 2015 and they were not more than 20-30 people . 
  if a minister is a communist it does n't make the party communist . 
  ** you do n't judge the political sphere on which a party belongs based on the beliefs of its ' members , but their actions !!!, 
  ** people are really dumb . 
  with this logic someone could easily say that new democracy is really a far-right wing party because guys like voridis and pleuris are part of it . 
   might trigger some investments for greece . 
  with an unsustainable debt and a primary surpluss of 3,5 % for 10 years ? 
  good luck with that . 
  in / r/greece you will find people call them communists . 
  i swear people are dumb . 
   even with vpn he wo n't find any porn online . 
  of course he will lol . 
   after all , it 's only legal to watch porn at 18 . 
  yeah sure . 
  pretty sure opera or a free shitty vpn works in turkey tho . 
  stay strong ... taking porn away at 17 should be punishable . 
   and do n't forget northen epirus as well i have n't heard anyone talking about that either . 
  oh ... one of those american military shills that are happy their country is spending 600bn dollars in military instead of fucking healthcare . 
  [ the american way ] ( http://upriser.com/posts/family-fighting-a-474000-hospital-bill-got-charged-200-for-a-teddy-bear ), 
   during the period of inter-communal strife in 1963 and 1964 , greek and turkish cypriots were displaced and many were massacred on both sides . 
   on 30 december 1964 , makarios declared his proposal for a constitutional amendment that included 13 articles . 
  turkey , however , restated that she was against this and threatened war if cyprus tried to achieve unity with greece . 
  in august , turkish aircraft bombed greek troops that surrounded a turkish village ( erenkoy ) and war seemed imminent . 
  once again , the greek minority in turkey suffered from the crisis , causing many greeks to flee the country , and there were even threats to expel the ecumenical patriarch . 
  eventually , intervention by the united nations led to another compromise solution . 
  everything was boring . 
  one moment . 
  let me get it straight . 
  so , you applaud the illegal occupation of cyprus by your country because a military junta and the national guard of cyprus overthrewed a government ? 
  if you had n't commit torture and death to civilians , violation of several human rights and you were n't keeping that big part of the island util today then , yes . 
  i would applaud your efforts too . 
   we were n't provoking anything until you started incrementally claiming more territorial waters and airspace . 
  the propaganda does amazing job in turkey . 
  holy shit . 
  look at you . 
  that 's terrifying . 
  geographical term but they have the sun of vergina as their flag and some statues of alexander etc. . . 
   the previous level of economic activity was debt-fueled the debt/gdp ratio was 5 % above the euroarea average . 
  that 's the case in whole eurozone . 
   it was n't the norm . 
  of course it is the norm for many countries and especially for the trade deficit countries in eurozone . 
  that was how the system was structured . 
  i do n't know your opinion about him but varoufakis explains it [ here ] ( https://youtu.be/8dp_v8f8ihs?t=323 ) . 
   now , if the rest of the eu wants to subsidize greece 's standard of living , there might be some argument for that ( though i think that bulgaria and romania probably come earlier in the line ) , but i doubt that they want to maintain the level of activity that was happening . 
  bulgaria , romania and greece have way different problems . 
  you ca n't just put countries in line and say which one you will fix first . 
  greece has an unsustainable debt and it 's in the euro while romania and bulgaria are not . 
  completely different situations . 
  btw , anyone would prefer living in romania than greece atm . 
  at least you can find a job . 
   the idea was to force greece to finally butcher its bloated public sector to become sustainable in the long term . 
  so , you tell me that europe decided to delete 30 % of the greek economy and spend hundreds of billions for greece to become sustainable ? 
  yeah ... no . 
   without someone forcing us to restructure our obscene government , even forgiving the entire debt would n't help , we 'd be back where we started in a few years . 
  you know ... it would be much cheaper and better for europe to say `` do * these * and we were restructure your debt '' and actually do it but they had other motives . 
   we need austerity . 
  how many times does the imf has to apologise ? 
  how many economists have to say that austerity in greece does n't work ? 
  do you even understand what 30 % reduction of gdp means ? 
  it 's worse than the 30 's in us . 
  and after all that it 's not over . 
   we need someone to link pensions to contributions instead of throwing more and more cash into the pyramid scheme that previous governments started to buy votes . 
  if you link the pensions to contributions , then you can also reduce the income of the private sector and the gdp even more . 
  the greek pension system will never be sustainable due to unemployment and the huge demographic problem . 
  the average greek pension is 550 euros which is not even enough for a pensioner . 
  even if you make it 300 the taxes will still be high and the gdp will likely fall even more .
