  oh ye , and if you try to change it , it gets reversed immediately of course . 
  i wish i could just pay the vat upfront . 
  whenever i order something over the amount they hold my package hostage until i pay it , plus a 15 euro fee , and that fee is just too expensive . 
  i have tried reeses cups and strawberry poptarts , but both i just trashed after one because they were too awful to even finish the box . 
  i am both belgian and dutch , and lived in both countries . 
  belgians are awfully corrupt and backhanded . 
  also the fact that there is never any progression , and situations are only handled if it went wrong three times over . 
  this is throughout society a big problem ; monopolies by telecom companies and energy companies resulting in high prices ; in banking where your savings account cost you more having it than filling up a sock at home ; in situations alike the power plants of tihange and doel being more broken than functional and posing a threat to society . 
  political stagnation and extremism . 
  the formation of immigrant neighbourhoods like borgerhout in antwerp and molenbeek in brussels . 
  in day-to-day contacts everything you do will be remembered for years to come . 
  every little thing you said or did can be brought up for years after the fact , so you better just stay humble and shut the fuck up and not make any mistakes . 
  you can have your frustration if you get in any position with a modicum of power and exert it onto others where they ca n't retaliate . 
  celebrity worship is huge , where reality tv of anyone is big business . 
  some old pensionated goal keeper with his redneck family have been the center of a series for years . 
  anyone with just a slightly recognisable name is suddenly someone `` special to meet '' . 
  let 's say i 'm happy to have left the country to never return . 
  now the worst thing from the netherlands is the focus on loudmouthing and thus form over function . 
  it benefits those in marketing and jobs in economics . 
  competition is high for the wrong reasons ; looks do better than knowledge . 
  be sure to wear your brown laced shoes and blazer when even being in a casual situation and talk highly of all your accomplishments , or pay the price . 
  professional knowledge is often lacking , with no shame for it either . 
  i made sure to look for a belgian gp because of that , as i would n't like to trust my life to a dutch practioner who is more often than not just a personification of webmd . 
  this also makes anything the dutch put out that is qualitative rather than quantitative a joke . 
  dutch design is more about marketability and the talk around said design , rather than actual good or pretty design . 
  being a designer spouting bs how it is a commentary on society is apparently more worth than actually something designed with research backing it up . 
  lelystad i meant indeed , sorry . 
  city planning is honestly pretty good here in the netherlands . 
  i ca n't just outright say that an entire city is ugly or crap . 
  there are a few where there is basically nothing but are just outgrown towns where people only go back to to sleep without any sort of night life or events happening at all like almere , flevostad , venlo . 
  also there are a few places i 'm just outright unsure about if they are actually cities or towns . 
  if i had the free opportunity to just go try some at the shooting range , i 'd definitely take it . 
  i 'd love to feel what a lee enfield would have felt like , or an m1911 , just because i know them pretty well from movies and games . 
  i would n't necessarily want to own one however . 
  even just for the cost , it 's several hundreds . 
  it 's getting really too expensive for most people here . 
  i really dislike how you need to juggle with your own health to choose what deductible you pick over monthly payments . 
  it does incentivize the rich to pay less , as they can afford to cough up a crazy high deductible once if they get something , but otherwise when nothing happens they have a low monthly as well ... 
  while poorer people get the lowest deductible because they ca n't cough up that max deductible when by chance they do break their arm that year . 
  i also do n't like the low qualification and expertise of dutch medical personnel . 
  i 've chosen my gp and other regular practicioners on certain points , and by chance they all turned out to be belgian . 
  the netherlands would be fucked . 
  urban as can be , hardly any desolate places so it 's always a city game , and if active monitoring for the dykes fell , at some point they are going to break . 
  i was born there and went to secondary . 
  people from around antwerp are not more arrogant than the people from brabant in the netherlands . 
  people from holland , and then mostly the bigger cities ( the hague , rotterdam , amsterdam ) are definitely worse in terms of arrogance . 
  but arrogance is not a bad trait per se . 
  it comes with marketability and profit , and who even cares at that point to be seen as arrogant as it allows you to land that contract/sale/etc over others that are n't as such ? 
  deep pocket = cheapskate though . 
  and it is true that the dutch are definitely loud or louder than belgians , and more arrogant than the belgians . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/deep_pocket  deep pocket as a slang term  a person with `` short arms '' and `` deep pockets '' is a person ( sometimes derided as `` miserly '' or `` cheap '' ) who saves money and does n't often spend it . 
  the term `` short arms and deep/long pockets '' is cited in print from at least 1952 . 
  to be honest i 've had this pop up more with belgians , in the vein of `` to be honest , i got it last time and the time before as well '' . 
  with dutch when the bill is say $ 18 , you throw down a ten and the other person finishes it up . 
  you say that when someone sneezes in your face or really in a passive aggressive way if your sneezing was particularly uncomfortable or gross . 
  belgians have the stereotype about the dutch how they are stingy or have deep pockets , and it 's not necessarily true as it is a difference in culture . 
  in the netherlands , you 're just very forward where everyone accepts you pay your own share or just split the bill in half when it does n't matter much . 
  ( ok then you may encounter just * that * guy that goes over the $ 1.20 difference ... ) , but overall , paying for someone is n't generally done . 
  in belgium the culture is really more like how someone pays for the entire bill , and the next time the other person foots the entire bill , as talking about money is quite an iffy subject other than looking generous and just pay . 
  this however could lead to confusion and contention after a while though , where in the dutch case it 's pretty straightforward on what the deal is and no one has to feel hurt . 
  but try telling someone that is used their entire lives to not talk about money in such way and then hearing as an `` evident '' thing the bill is split up , together with the forward nature of the dutch , the stereotype of having deep pockets is born . 
  utrecht is a hot place to be as it is really close to major cities like amsterdam and still doable to rotterdam . 
  it is culturally well established , as well as enough sectors of work finding their place , but it not amsterdam which is disneyland for adults . 
  i actually do n't like groningen as mentioned in this thread earlier , as the people , even young , seem stuck in really conservative ways . 
  to me it gives more of discriminatory undertone if you 're `` from outside '' . 
  i live in eindhoven myself btw , which is n't too bad from a living perspective . 
  culturally there is not that much to see as it 's really a new city , and however i could maybe entertain guests for 2 days it would be because i know the ins and outs of the city . 
  tech jobs and living facilities are pretty good though . 
  however i find the nightlife lackluster in the fact that everything has to close already at 2am , whereas i 've pulled allnighters in other cities that is definitely not possible here without really knowing parties outside of the inner city . 
  and even then it 's just a party , with nightlife i also mean the possibility of finding a place for kebab at 4am because i 've been sitting behind my computer all night . 
  subbed , never dubbed . 
  also english subs for english spoken media . 
  i just want to read the same things as i 'm hearing and the discrepancy is annoying . 
  then again , for anime i actually prefer the english dub over japanese as i can actually understand english . 
  people that go camping do n't go to the wilderness . 
  just a very tailored civil experience where everyone is packed together . 
  people that go to campings . 
  sit there for 3 weeks doing nothing and call that their vacation . 
  we call them `` campers '' in the netherlands . 
  also it 's notably used by a certain kind of people . 
  old people on the price of things `` it 's now 2 euros already , it used to be 2 guilders ! '', 
  on that the euro is all shit and made stuff more expensive ... 
  please , inflation is just a thing . 
  well , the chance is quite a bit higher to know someone from the same city , but then even it 's finicky and i mentioned that with `` sort of '' . 
  but it 's insane to pull that over 17 million people in an entire country . 
  i was on discord chatting , saying i was from the netherlands . 
  an american ; `` do you happen to know a lisa ? '' ... 
  what lisa ? 
  - a blonde one that just returned from < state  ... like what , this is a country of 17 million people and i would have to know every random blonde lisa ? 
  if it was from the same city , i could sort of get behind it . 
  this reason is why there is the `` different kinds of pizza '' meme in r/shitamericanssay . 
  not the belgians . 
  history class in the netherlands is more along the lines of `` east india company great '' . 
  in belgium it was all about `` slavery is bad , everything was bad . 
  it 's all our fault , we are all bad and should be ashamed of ourselves :( . 
  congo and shit '', 
  :( you can do nothing but downvote your own post then . 
  ... what do you think though , like it was n't dripping from his post already . 
  oh hey , thanks for that  , parish is a good one i might be able to discover still . 
  religion was catholic ( dunno , pretty common for that time ) , and was pretty devoted .
