  he held a picture of jan pawel ii in his senior room until he died . 
  i knew that . 
  i also know there is brand of sports stuff with a pretty cool logo . 
  unfortunately their gear is ugly and looks like the michelin man . 
  ye i know it used to be paj\u0105k , but in the 1950s that was dropped due to not being in the alphabet here . 
  i do wish to maybe find out what my family been up to in history . 
  i know my great grandfather was from bielsko-bia\u0142a , but that is about it . 
  i can only imagine that going into the municipal office will only lead to disgruntled faces and still no step forward without knowing polish . 
  my great grandfather from my grandma 's side was named preiss , but also from poland , same ww2 history . 
  funny how all racist parties use `` freedom '' in their names . 
  same in the netherlands with pvv ( partij voor vrijheid ) . 
  last summer when i drove through there , there were a lot of political signs with all kinds of slogans like `` we are taking it back '' `` we ... '' with wir in fat and bold in every slogan . 
  last year i drove through austria for a roadtrip , through salzburg . 
  all the `` wir '' political signs even made me uncomfortable . 
  vincent . 
  it used to be victor for the first three days of my life , but for that reason it was changed i was told . 
  ( pajak being my last name ... i do n't care too much for anonymity , you could have googled my nickname as well ) . 
  does n't your airco have a dehumidify mode ? 
  i can set mine to cooling or dehumidify . 
  i do n't disagree , but the power bill is another factor . 
  23 is good enough compared to the weather outside . 
  i 'm not even polish though and this has been my experience . 
  let alone the experience someone has with a slight accent . 
  sweden and norway strike me as particularly good options . 
  in it it 's often not even required to learn the local language quickly to get hired , people all speak english , those countries are relatively well atheist . 
  they are particularly nice towards lgbt people , even so much so that it 's a common joke sweden is gay in polandball . 
  i know all about it though , coming from / r/keto . 
  still , that subreddit does prove it is quite possible to still pick and choose what you eat , even in the us . 
  meat and veggies still exist . 
  also lowcarb frozen dinners that are n't even necessarily advertised as low carb . 
  but ye , that is not the point . 
  the most astonishing thing is just that it is advertised as breakfast for kids . 
  i just bought a mobile air conditioning though . 
  with higher temperatures every year , and more days that are  26 degrees i 'm already very happy with it . 
  perfect 23/24 degree room . 
  i 'm surprised you went to germany and thought people were not fat there . 
  i 'm always surprised by how little the distance is but how different the people look . 
  given , it may be a a difference on culture . 
  back when i lived in belgium i was relatively happy being somewhat fat . 
  more people were like that , i was n't the biggest around ... that changed when i moved to the netherlands . 
  people here are incredibly sporty and lean . 
  one thing that surprised me the most when i bought a box of pop tarts here , having heard of them and why not just to try it ; it 's advertised on the box it 's for breakfast for kids . 
  what in the actual fuck ? 
  it says on the box how much sugar it contains along with hfcs . 
  i do n't even see how fucking mentally challenged you have to be to serve this `` as part of a good breakfast '' . 
  ( also after tasting one package i threw the rest out . 
  even though i 'm on my money , that shit was just too nasty to have to experience a second time . 
  it was strawberry flavor and yes i toasted it ) . 
  pvv-voters really do n't make a distinction what flavor `` eastern european '' it is though . 
  now that i live in eindhoven , it 's really nothing at all . 
  foreigners here are expats and all well-studied people . 
  speaking english is the norm when going to certain places . 
  but before , when i lived in and around the towns around breda , it was n't that bad as in the uk right now of course . 
  you do n't get jumped on , but consistently it 's hard for my family to land a job . 
  maybe it 's just that there are so many applicants they `` rather '' have someone with a dutch name ? 
  this leads to a history of pushing various family members into ( slightly more ) poverty and a lower standard of living , which in turn does not allow some people to express their hobbies and objectively not be able to work themselves free . 
  `` zwartwerken '' ( avoiding taxes doing labour ) is pretty much a given necessity because a normal wage is close to minimum wage and does n't make a great pay . 
  my father is originally a carpenter and a woodworker , and he needs his freedom and space for his own projects . 
  i 'm pretty sure there are some self-employed opportunities there , but it 's difficult to explore those when constantly turning every euro around . 
  maybe it 's a networking issue as well though , because tbh that is pretty much how jobs are landed , but chances are that this `` environment '' created also inhibits networking . 
  the worst i have been through myself is when i was 16-18 , and i went around and did * all * kinds of applications everywhere . 
  i remember applying at * certain diy store * when the recruiter was super happy to have me , where i said i will do what is asked of me , be friendly to customers and show where stuff is . 
  no whining whatsoever , also for heavy or filthy jobs like clogging drains or w/e . 
  he pushed me over to his supervisor who at first had a face like  , your name ? 
  - ... :| we will get back at you . 
  also for a simple supermarket job i had 3 talks with various people to screen me . 
  i was hired in the end , but the owner normally did not do hirings because people come and go . 
  he just wanted to make sure i was n't `` like that '' . 
  he was sort of racist , but i ca n't really blame him after seeing the amount of shit that gets stolen by primarily people that do not speak dutch . 
  ( romanians were the biggest group at the time ) . 
  i once had a party in den bosch where i was violently cheered out and beer thrown over me though with racist slurs after me , but i do n't think you can really attribute that to the dutch people . 
  they were frat boys where the instigator was known for being a really bad violent drunk , so ye . 
  oh well , the only `` kind '' of racism i notice now in eindhoven is when i meet new people , that first learn your name , and try to make a joke with it . 
  * oh you could get us a couple of bikes ? * ... 
  it 's more of an eeeh , that is not really funny moment than downright offensive though . 
  i have a polish last name , while not even carrying the nationality or speak polish ( great grandfather , wwii , yaddayadda ) . 
  i tend to disagree with your statement generally . 
  you mean a tla ? 
  pinautomaat in the netherlands , geldautomaat or bankautomaat in belgium . 
  this indeed highlights the issue that americans use so much weird acronyms it just hampers normal conversation and understanding . 
  i remember watching the walking dead ( without subtitles ) when there was constant talking about some kind of `` harvey '' ... turns out they meant rv . 
  we just have a word for that ... a camper . 
  atv , emt , even just abbreviating juice to oj ... now these are the acronyms i know now , but just hearing them for the first time it 's hardly even possible to judge what it is by context . 
  never mind the acronyms i 'm not naming because i have n't recognised them yet . 
  funnily enough , the license required for bigger loads ( and really big caravans i assume ) is a be license . 
  i think they can do with one caravan less . 
  my favorites in their genres : pilsner : pilsner urquell ( from tap . 
  loses a lot of its taste bottled ) , bottled : hertog jan weissner : schneiderweissen tap 4 belgian styled ale , blond , light : la chouffe ( seasonal version `` soleil '' is definitely something too ) . 
  belgian styled ale , heavy : [ cuv\u00e9e van de keizer ] ( http://www.hetanker.be/en/gc-cuv%c3%a9e-van-de-keizer-blauw ) , blue tripel : karmeliet quadrupel : malheur 12 i want to get drunk : duvel overall favorite is the cuv\u00e9e , it is just so layered and rich . 
  i 'm pretty sure a lot on this list is for sale oversees . 
  at least la chouffe should definitely be . 
  i know , but autocorrect does n't , and it really does n't seem to catch . 
  this was as good as i could make it . 
  mine are willem elschot and dimitri verhulst , but honestly i 'm not that well-read in comparison to others that eat through books like there is no tomorrow , so take my opinion with a grain of salt . 
   it seems almost all belgian redditors are flemish  linguistically quite monolingual well , there you have put 1 and 1 together . 
  i would just be checking out ryanair.com and look under deals at that time and what is leaving in the next few days from skavsta . 
  $ 20ish should get you covered for the meal alone in a still-affordable place . 
  expect $ 3-4 for duvels/chouffe / ... or $ 2ish for a lager like jupiler . 
  wines vary so much from the cheapest to the expensive it 's hard to state a number ... 
  i guess $ 3 for a glass of not completely awful wine is normal ?
