i think that every price shown there is +30 % less in poland . 
  prices like that are when you would have tried to overpay for everything . 
  at least from my point of view . 
  sticking to this sanctions , and isolating russia for real . 
  eu just played an exemplary theater role . 
  also eu should support this countries that were countersanctioned by russsia , then it would have been successful . 
  instead russia blackmailed whole europe one by one , country by country . 
  and they won . 
  north korean card make no sense . 
  it was ussr friend , and they did wellish until it colapsed . 
  syria did well before usa messed there , belarus does well tbh . 
  germans and russians allways wanted to get rid of poland or suck the most of it , it will not change . 
  although we have a lot of allies tbh , minor players but it does n't matter , 
  kind of my bad , i still still belive that any allience mean nothing . 
  and their only usefull role is to make escalation of conflict unlikely , but in case of conflict they most likely wil be used as toilet paper . 
  still 2 countries did failed to deliver their support . 
  looking at you gb and usa ( 5th and 1st military power ) . 
  * if you can count , count on yourself * , 
  nato as far as i remember gave the warranty that they will protect ukraine , if they will shut down nuclear arsenal . 
  i do n't need to explain a history from last 3 years . 
  exactly !, 
  you are really naive . 
  explain it to dead ukrainians ... also i would ` nt mind anti-ufo shields . 
  if we could have defend from galactic force , russia army would be a joke then :d, 
  it was used against ukraine - ukraine = europe . 
  with military it works more like % gdp * numberofpeople than economic status . 
  i think pis wasted our chance to become relevant force that stands between russia and western europe . 
  if they would make us around 6th/7th army , we could completely reorganise eastern europe ( ukraine + belarus + poland would be unpassable for russia ) . 
  also china desperately want a trade conection with europe ( aka xxi century silkroad ) . 
  usa will go nuts to stop it , they will go for deal with russia to block china from overstepping them ( probably they will bring a card to let russia consume eastern europe ) . 
  and our politicians instead of using oportunity - are blowjobing usa which should be our greatest enemy in intrests . 
  we should make allience with v4/turkey/bulgaria & romania/xxxstans & china etc. 
  ( aka silkroad alliance ) and leave this blefalience nato asap . 
  germany . 
  kind of . 
  people care less about history of european conflicts , as countries have few in common with their historic ancestors . 
  we 're being teached this though . 
  70 ~ ago they did n't need to use passport to enter a country . 
  50 years `` people still know you as a best politician ! '', 
  actually your right :( , but what i said i meant exactly that you must have only old friends . 
  cause definitely my friends do n't get poorer . 
  most of my grandparents live and are doing fine because they live with younger generation . 
  but i feel sympathy for those who do n't have such good position . 
  anyway there is evidence for the previous post . 
  you must have had really specific kind of friends i must say . 
  \u201e cora '' , \u201e podhale '' , \u201e predom-polar '' , \u201e unitra-tonsil '' , radio production by . 
  kasprzak from warsaw , stocznia p\u00f3\u0142nocna w gda\u0144sku , \u201e pafawag '' and like countless others ( around 600 ) . 
  most of them were sustainable , or still did well but why care about them and their know-how , when stoping could be beneficial . 
  1 ) our pre 1989 industry being sold to western capital and then intentionally destroyed by them to reduce competitiveness . 
  2 ) as already said bad constitution . 
  3 ) that you can avoid going to prison for rape . 
  he 's not dead . 
  he made up his death , most likely he made a plastic surgery . 
  he prepared his son for for his accidential death in one of the best clinic - . - only russian propaganda could prepare better bullshit . 
  easy to say when you made people to act for decades on your rules . 
  i would bet that you would have become irrelevant , when europe would act on for example german rules and act passively or even aggressively against you . 
  im feed up with the incompetence of europe thats falling into blackmailing skills of cameron . 
  im back , a loooooot of people there . 
  every single street attached to market looks like in ny . 
  i have made some photos . 
  the shittons of feathers in market made a stunning view . 
  highly recommend to visit wroc\u0142aw this year , 
  have serious doubts this would n't change if they had majority . 
  they are just hired by financially sector that finally wo n't be able to avoid hiding their gains and avoid taxes . 
  that 's 6kkk per year . 
  so they funded them . 
  so name 1 single legislation they offered . 
  listen to their answers in sejm . 
  that 's just pathetic . 
  i could be more rhetorical . 
  me like it . 
  investments in eastern poland are insane scams . 
  could felt that on my parrents job . 
  can not name a single succesfull investment . 
  keep ur dirty hands away . 
  do educate yourself about democracy in poland . 
  we had early consititution , elections etc. 
  when rest of europe took their forks into other asses in religion wars . 
  and for everyone that follow politics know this fight for democracy is western bullshit . 
  divide and rule , we got to united that we actually can change something and finally poland bad propaganda escalated . 
  they are also increadibly incompetent and just act like oposition , instead of giving arguments why . 
  so efective but , em they do n't even know what they fight for . 
  im really suprised that incompetent guys got into sejm , beside ryszard petru ofc . 
  i suspect it got so much upvotes cause my handsomeness is in this photo , 
  ha , ha ha . 
  not even fucking funny , you are either ignorant or stupid . 
  in my family company we 've been fucked up by remote companies twice . 
  my grandfather with bunch of people from my village started making first aid stuff . 
  it went well , they has been growing it for years . 
  but it has grown too much . 
  commies , , natinalised '' company because it was to successfully and employed to many people , so they renamed it and set their people on managerial positions . 
  then there was a free market scam , so they just renamed company 3rd time . 
  set a fucking dog that just copy decision s from muricans . 
  lowered wages and fired my parents that in normal fucking country should inherit company from grandfather , and as the company became one of the most successful pharmacist companies in the europe . 
  parents got fucking kick out and they did n't even paid out their 3 years paid after getting fired and we just need to go to court for years . 
  that 's why pis , is the only reasonable option , once they corrupt we will kick them again . 
  and finally will be able to feel progress our country had in last 25 years on our skin . 
  oppressors scream loud , but majority of polish people were right . 
  they have majority , they can do whatever they wish to do . 
  nobody complained when previous party did so .
