  my roommate is challenger in league , for him it was a huuugeee news . 
  depends on priorities . 
  some will care about higher lower wage , some will not even blink an eye to this , because they would never even consider working for such money . 
  for some medical marijuana is a populism , but this who have parkinson or some sort of such diseases will finally be able to fulfill daily routines . 
  some will call social for kids a useless spending , some will be able to avoid emigration with children . 
  i hate this sort of tribalism in sports and politics . 
  ok you might prefer some team from other , but i feel like some fans unite on pure hate only . 
  it 's pathetic human nature . 
  judging from context he still meant development and army . 
  which in turkey is exceptional . 
  3 most developing cities are located in turkey . 
  [ toilet in my university ] ( http://v1.sadistic.pl/flv/20140329/1396090154_452_15.jpg ), 
  corporations tend to buy local food brands . 
  what i meant is that gey marriage for society is like growing with extremly liberal parents . 
  they will allow you smoke weed , abbadon school etc.you will be happier , but at the end of the day , you will realise that even though you had easier in life , you did not archived your potential . 
  its not a coincide that even white woman have more children with man from other cultures . 
  if you feel like pushing such agendas does not change mindset of society , you are just blind . 
  you might be ok with such change though , i am for example . 
  but i see a danger . 
  i 'm not saying it 's stupid , just silly . 
  but law sometimes require such nonsenses , i guess . 
  but when you will look from their perspective you would n't like to use word with such harsh connotations for something that basically describe love . 
  i feel like your arguments are valid , i do n't share such ideology , but i respect it . 
  i have an awfull autocorrection on mobile and i did n't get used to write on mobile . 
  sorry if you have problem in parsing my comments . 
  actually expanding a word commonly used for centuries is kinda silly . 
  naming it marriege is pure nomenclature , why care . 
  adoption bother me the most , if you actually allow marriage it 's a must have . 
  every children will be better off than being orphan . 
  we allow single mom to rise children , we allown 2 woman rise children in orphan center . 
  why not allown them rise them at home and bring more love , badly needed for this child 's . 
  i really think that hey marriage is bad to society . 
  but when mixed with adoption is actually beneficial to society because they can rise children that badly needs love in any form . 
  i would prefer if they was raised in normal family but such is life . 
  sometimes you just need to be pragmatic . 
  he ask a legitimate question , it 's not bad to reconsider some values . 
  i really feel like accepting such things makes us more equal , but at the same time we became weaker as a society overall ( at least that 's my opinion ) . 
  he meant psychological aspect . 
  with a polish pope people regained hope and felt bigger connection to roman culture which was demonized in prl . 
  til thanks , 
  catholic church freed us from communism . 
  while in czechia it was associated with oppression . 
  does all religions include some sort of deity ? 
  agnostics gives more credit to other religions and consider them possible . 
  while atheists tend to convert and consider religions plain stupid . 
  that 's actually a macron 's utopia or populism , or both . 
  countries are exactly behaving like any other organizations , it 's only more complicated because of scale . 
  global economy is basically a marketplace . 
  chinese grew up so fast , because they understand it and used that for their gain . 
  if you already have them both under your control yes , you favor stronger . 
  because when you already have something , you prefer stable one . 
  if you need to obtain ally , you prefer weaker with stronger potential . 
  such declaration base on potential . 
  investors prefer to keep assets in eth instead of bitcoin beside the same/smaller market cap . 
  because of potential , the same is with snapchat , he 's not even worth 20 % of its value , but it 's used by kids which will have more influence later . 
  closed and filled market sucks . 
  investors stuck in present rarely does a profit . 
  and the same rules apply for geopolitics . 
  macron more than anyone else needs to learn : `` that a drop of honey catches more flies than a gallon of gall . '', 
  but there are 46kk of people living over our border , who hardly can manage to make ends meet . 
  this german pragmatism can make a humanitarian catastrophy . 
  ukrainians had their hunger crisis once . 
  i would never let them freeze at our border . 
  we took 1,2 kk ukraine migrants , i dont know how much we can take but surely there is capacity . 
  i really feel like eu needs to reduce a practise for passive bullying of their neighbours , it puts them in position to either join or be at mercy of their wicked neighbours that knows in which scenario are they , and just abuse it . 
  tbh i have little insight how its reported in polish and german media even though i speak both languages . 
  what i actually meant was political actions of people such as london mayor and european political elites . 
  a very charismatic person . 
  as i tried to get into his shoes , i felt kinda sad for this guy . 
  according to a book i have read , the most desired need for each person is appreciation . 
  this guy was growing up in a society that does not naturally appreciate him . 
  and he just found a meaning in something - radical islam . 
  i was even more sad when i realize that i would be the same if i was him . 
  it 's the same strange feeling i have got when i digged into history of nazi germany . 
  people are capable to awful things , so is me or you . 
  but it was history , so even though it was sad - its over . 
  but here we are again , at the same point of history . 
  what can we do to prevent further tensions in western countries . 
  i felt like people 's opinion changed dramatically over two years ( even on this sub ) . 
  can we afford another two or four ? 
  i believe there are two effective options to deal with it : hide it into a rug and pretends nothing happends ( like we do it now ) . 
  but it will slowly shift opinion of people toward fascist ideologies . 
  which equals to a ticking bomb . 
  or play it smart and take a more effective role till we have n't elected hitler 2.0 in government . 
  like , fight extremism for real , threat radical islam same as we do nazism , communism etc. 
  declare war to isis for real , do not accept people that visited it . 
  and do not take someone else passport ( they can play victim card ) . 
  but if you really need to , give them one way ticket to isis , then declare them enemies and do your stuff . 
  get the least ostracism as we can to prevent easy recruitment . 
  but guess what it wo n't happend , by the 2033 someone like lepen father will get elected , we will repeat history as we did for centuries . 
  and let 's not import them , so they will stay in society that appreciate them and share their kinda wicked culture . 
  tl : dr history does repeat on our eyes . 
  passive actions will have consequences . 
  i really feel like we hit a red line in a shift of opinion . 
  belarus is kinda ok , they just have very bad international trade and they dont allown foreign investors ( beside their neighbours ) and its kinda hard to get visa . 
  so even though country is kinda well-off nobody can enter freely so they are bad on international statistics . 
  because russia aint only st petersburg and moscow . 
  yes , this cities are beautyfull , but rest of the country is huge so infrastructure is terrible . 
  poland is semi dense populated ( especially southern poland and warsaw area ) . 
  and i would say czechs are kinda rich because everything is really cheap ( on ppp they would score high ) , population is well educated etc.
