  so do n't get brainwashed from propaganda . 
  poland is fine , i 'm following politics very well . 
  know what i 'm saying . 
  bosnia and albania are laic as fuck . 
  religion is n't their 1st priority - unlike every single arab muslim country . 
  can deliver . 
  the feeling when i was going there 12 horus ago in a haste , and i thought this view would make a magnificent photo . 
  but i did n't have time to :(, 
  they are the safest and really clean country . 
  same with homeopathy and placebo . 
   some thing that there is a deity , some fully deny it , and some are in between , confused . 
  but it is lying from the assumption . 
  they need it . 
  some people are that stupid that they need to know that someone is going to smite them from the sky if they murder or steal . 
  their primal instincts are pushing them to do deeds labeled as `` sins '' , but the fear of being smited or burning in hell keeps them away from doing a bad deed . 
  i wo n't agree . 
  there are countries where people are atheist and murder rates are low ( czech , japan ) . 
  what 's keep people from murdering each other , is evolution . 
  tribal mentality exactly , as long as people feel conected with you - they wo n't kill you . 
  lying to stupid people is like taking down food from starving , its unmoral . 
  i do n't care about your opinion and i never will . 
  conformism is a cancer of society . 
  and people should fight religion until it 's dead comma . 
  the most popular religions are coming from shitholes ( middle east ) , from a twisted age . 
  i have read bible when i was 9 , and i could smell infantilism . 
  how someone aged 20 + can belive such things . 
  religion is a brainwashing which is needed for some ( weak ) people . 
  and if people who allign with any political ideology are idiots , who ca n't understand how world work and require simplification . 
  standing to your beliefs is never a mistake !, 
  you are just a weak , pathetic human being , if you say so . 
  , , they ignore you then they laugh at you then they fight you then you win '', 
  told them in the first day that i did n't attend in confirmation , and that im not going to church first day . 
  im humble so i did ' t brag about it . 
  i had meet little to none sane people . 
  so thanks for kind words : dd, 
  but i would prefer support to this on a reddit main page . 
  i know that bad news spread faster though ... edit : why spread stupidity around the world . 
  this is imaginery problem . 
  i bet my hand that the same percent ammount of people could gatter in usa and create such submition , if they can create public submitions in first place ... 
  i would n't waste my time , if the people on reddit would know that 's just conservative environment behind it . 
  i was really irritated when i was reading comments , i 've spoted missinformation . 
  and it 's the pure cause of creating this thread . 
  it 's completly normal that it get 's people attention . 
  i would prefer that pro-choice would get the same attention instead . 
  edit : propaganda is , that our goverment is doing it . 
  it 's not , and we have normal law atm . 
  no woman is going to prison . 
  if its healthy , nonrape baby you ca n't make abortion . 
  but our society takes care of mother , giving her the money she would get in work . 
  and she can give baby right away to adoption , without even showing herself . 
  i prefer such law than any other changes . 
  i would be fine with free abortion , but we would need to cut off benefits for womans , because im not going to pay taxes out for some woman , that would abuse the system ( and im sure some will ) . 
  and after that our society would gain nothing ( more babies = earlier retirement ) . 
  and that 's what our goverment does . 
  i think oposition in poland should focus on other aspects thats actually flow from our goverment and are n't bullshit . 
  like cutting of informatic education , its bad for economy . 
  also uncompetent people on improtant positions . 
  that are problems !, 
  huge problems !, 
  but it wo n't get viral and our oposition just creates imaginery problems . 
  and im feed up with it and im warning reddit about it , as it 's obvious missinformation . 
  as an atheist it hurts me the most . 
  especially that i was bullied for being atheist in highschool . 
  this days are gone . 
  but still i think we need to be true with ourselfs , and just say we want changes , and that 's we want secularity . 
  we should precise our goals instead of talk down to them and their tactics . 
  im young so i may be naive , though . 
  but i think you should n't bring gun to a knife fight even when we are outnumbered . 
   claim people protest against democratic submission ? 
  that 's the clear fact . 
  i agree with this statement completly . 
  but i still think it 's in polish redditors duty to dismiss missinformation . 
  , , bo jak nie my to kto ( if not us , then who  '', 
  when peoples of poland are goverment . 
  in my last check we were indiriect democracy . 
  if we are goverment and we have direct democracy in poland im really happy because i was voting on `` demokracja bezpo\u015brednia '' since i had voting rights . 
  although they never even hit 1 % mark . 
  edit : im calling it now . 
  whoever upvote it is an idiot . 
  if you think that dozens of 18 yo and 70-90 yo are our goverment , im gona laugh . 
  because thats the demographic that were signing up for it . 
  and this were ordinary people with twisted catholic ideology in their brains . 
  because it 's whom this brave woman are fighting . 
  not a goverment . 
  you cant cure the cancer unless you diagnose it !, 
  goverment may make it law , as its according to our system and constitution , and they have every right to do this , even though i do n't like it . 
  they obviously ?? 
  wo n't , though . 
  that 's not truth . 
  what 's wrong with albania ? 
  i 've been there several times and people are ultra secular . 
  it was the only muslim country i felt have the most sane religion views from all muslim countries . 
  i think people would fit europe 100 % . 
  although i heard there is a lot of coruption from locals and mafia was huge there few years ago . 
  also they are sick with this mercedes and bmw mania . 
  yeah beside this one example with mexico there is really few real hate speeches . 
  although he 's just uneloquent , cocky and ignorant . 
  he knows how to manipulate emotions though , so he will probably win . 
  also you need to break the constitution in poland to allown lgbt people marry . 
  linguistic fail , i just did ' t know the diffrence .
