  money in of itself is not valuable , what gives it value is the willingness of people to trade goods and services for it . 
  as long as the collective delusion in its value remains , people will continue to use it . 
  look up everybody , and wait for that wealth to trickle down . 
  it should be coming any minute now . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ikshkkjehha ) is the gay parade in istanbul from 2 years ago . 
  compare with the parade in [ sofia ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jddatloaslm ) . 
  admittedly things are getting better in bulgaria now . 
  yeah , because rising prices while wages stagnate have such a nice impact on living standards . 
  make the bastards pay . 
  the banks usually transfer that risk to the public sector . 
  as the 2008 crash has demonstrated , whenever the bank get a large loss they either ask for a bailout or some form of preferential treatment to offset that loss . 
  well , i am from kardzhali , so i would know these things . 
  all the turks that i know speak bulgarian . 
  as for the balkans being fucked because of the turks , the turks have n't been here for more than 100 years now , and they still remain fucked , so let 's quit blaming others for our own faults . 
  apparently bulgarians stole the unity motto from the belgians . 
  physical history may be set in stone , but the human interpretation of it is very much dependent on the present and the dominant political order of the day . 
  all balkan states are based on myths anyway . 
  macedonia is just one extreme example of what is pretty common in the balkans - brainwashing kids with historical garbage in order to turn them into obedient patriotic zombies that can be easily manipulated for political purposes . 
  [ here ] ( http://farm8.staticflickr.com/7065/6966312765_40d59c6180_z.jpg ) is the taxonomy of the central banker species of which draghi is a fine sample . 
  let me guess . 
  you are just some bitter greek that ca n't swallow the fact that you do n't have a monopoly on the history of macedonia . 
  i disagree . 
  i find russia today to be quite a bit more objective on many financial issues than western media . 
  bulgarians and ethnic turks do n't have many problems at the moment . 
  the turks are pretty well integrated , and they even have their own party which has participated in government several times in the past decade . 
  to compare our situation to what has happened in kosovo is stupid . 
  being a hero in one area , does not preclude one from being a villain in another . 
  people should just be recognized for the complex multifaceted beings that they are , and we should not expect every public figure to be exemplary individuals conforming to every single norm that society expects . 
  it seems like unity is quite an important motif in national mottos . 
  the bulgara motto is `` unity makes strength '' . 
  russia today does usually have a pro-slavic bias which is to be expected . 
  this reminds me of what happened in the united states with domestic spying . 
  after 9/11 , the argument was that spying will only be applied to foreigners and outside of the us only against the evil terrorists . 
  today , spying on us citizens without any warrant is done routinely . 
  europeans should be careful not follow the same path down that slippery slope . 
  a necessary condition for the euro to continue its existence is fiscal union . 
  perhaps it was created in order to make that condition true , and allow more power to be centralized in the hands of brussels . 
  that 's a pretty unbiased source you have there . 
  it is part of the [ bulgarian coat of arms ] ( http://www.investbulgaria.com/pics/bulgariancoatofarmsl1.gif ) . 
  apparently the lion was quite common in these lands in antiquity . 
  i thought the eu was about free trade , free movement of peoples , mutual solidarity and prosperity . 
  lately , all the news is about the euro and what a tragedy it would be if it were to fail . 
  ca n't one be for the eu , but against the euro ? 
  why is so much importance being attached to a currency which has little to do with the ideals on which the european union was founded ? 
   treaty of san stefano was later completely destroyed thanks which is not surprising since demographically bulgarians were n't a majority on all of those lands . 
  plus , allowing a russian satellite state ( which bulgaria was right after its establishment ) access to the mediteranean sea would have been a big no-no for the western powers . 
  so did obama . 
  actually it is not bulgarian independence that is being celebrated . 
  3 march 1878 is the date of the san stefano treaty at the conclusion of the russo-turkish war and setting up a de jure autonomous bulgarian principality on the territories of the ottoman empire . 
  complete independence from the ottomans was not gained until 22 september 1908 . 
   the us is spending more money which is why its economy is growing faster . 
  growth is not necessarily a good thing . 
  growth is an increase in the gdp , but what is the gdp comprised of ? 
  in the case of the us growth means a larger prison industrial complex - building more prisons , and a larger military industry - as the latter two comprise an increasingly larger chunk of their economy . 
  this is not the type of growth that i would consider good . 
  for a general argument as to why the gdp is a poor measure of the success and well-being of a nation , listen to this speech by robert kennedy : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=77idkfqxbuy, 
  your `` theoretical '' arguments do n't stand up to empirical scrutiny . 
  the biggest trading partners by volume in the world are the united states and china , and differing currencies does n't seem to have hindered bilateral trade . 
  another example is turkey , whose biggest trading partner is the eu , and differing currencies does n't seem to have hindered trade here either . 
  some of the arguments that you cite in favor of the euro , do not actually require it to realize their benefits . 
  the cost of exchanging money can be reduced by modernizing and streamlining forex trading platforms , or allowing banks to issue payments cards that do the conversion automatically depending on where the customers is using them . 
  red tape when transferring money across borders has been already largely resolved by the sepa system . 
  low interest rates are not necessarily a good thing - they are the main culprit for the inflating of the housing bubble and the subsequent burst in 2008 that wrought havoc all over the world financial markets . 
  playing with and manipulating interests rates is the most egregious form of price controls , and as the recent libor scandal in the uk has shown it can have disastrous consequences on savers , especially pension funds and the insurance industry . 
  you can write volumes of theoretical arguments about the benefits of the euro , but the facts on the ground are that the euro has been a complete and unmitigated disaster for the people in greece , spain , and now increasingly italy and france . 
  i predict that it wo n't last for much longer in its current form . 
  it will probably split into two - with the germanic countries of the north maintaining a monetary union , while the latin countries of the south + greece revert back to their national currencies that they can then inflate at will . 
  i do n't understand why the euro is such a big deal . 
  the main argument in favor of joining is that having a common currency would somehow facilitate trade , but with most payments being electronic , and the advances in information technology nowadays it is trivial to automatically convert between currencies . 
  the euro may have made sense a few decades ago when everybody traded using pieces of paper , and converting and keeping track of exchange rates was very difficult , but in the age of the microcomputer it no longer makes sense . 
  the record keeping and conversion costs are too trivial to even consider . 
  let countries retain their sovereignty over their money , and determine their own monetary and fiscal policies . 
  do n't join it . 
  it 's a trap !, 
  i hope you can really can stay away from coal as the air quality in central-eastern europe has been getting worse recently largely due to the rapid re-industrialization of poland due to the economic growth there . 
  there is a great hunger for energy , and there will be tremendous pressure to produce it from whatever sources are available . 
  if you are n't careful closing nuclear may cause more environmental harm as it may push industry towards using more coal . 
  see for example these article : http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2013-02-27/germany-to-add-most-coal-fired-plants-in-two-decades-iwr-says.html  germany will this year start up more coal-fired power stations than at any time in the past 20 years as the country advances a plan to exit nuclear energy by 2022 . http://www.spiegel.de/international/business/merkel-s-switch-to-renewables-rising-energy-prices-endanger-german-industry-a-816669-2.html  the operators of the major power grids have been in a state of alarm for weeks . 
  operator tennet has had to draw on reserve capacity . 
  nevertheless , there have already been some serious problems caused by split-second power outages , which ordinary consumers do n't even notice , but that create difficulties for industry , with its highly complex production processes . 
  http://www.spiegel.de/international/business/merkel-s-switch-to-renewables-rising-energy-prices-endanger-german-industry-a-816669-2.html i agree with your point about energy independence from russia , and i think nuclear energy would help in that regard . 
  it is important to realize , though , uranium which is the main fuel for the current generation of nuclear reactors is also a finite resource , and france 's scramble to intervene in subsaharan africa , and mali in particular , to ensure that the supply of uranium to its nuclear industry are a good illustration of that . 
  but there are promising new developments in thorium as an alternative fuel for examples , and that material occurs abundantly in norway and turkey - countries with which the eu has a free trade agreement . 
  we need to be investing more heavily in nuclear research , and i think environmentalist can contribute significantly here by helping make the next generation of nuclear power plants even more safe . 
  to be honest treatment of homosexuals is bad everywhere in eastern europe , including in some eu members like bulgaria , romania , not to talk about the deeply catholic poland , and orthodox greece . 
  to single out macedonia because of this issue strikes me as unfair . 
  i think you are being overly pessimistic . 
  corruption exists everywhere there is concentration of power . 
  in bulgaria because corruption exists on the lower levels it makes it very obvious to ordinary people , in the west however it exists at the higher levels , and in some countries like the us it is even legalized and called lobbying . 
  given that this is mostly shared by romanians and bulgarians , i wonder if the tradition dates back to thracian times ? 
  the governor of odrin - a city in the turkish part of thrace - also just presented a martenichka to the representative of the bulgarian church here : http://translate.google.com/translate?sl=tr&amp;tl=en&amp;js=n&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=en&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;eotf=1&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fajansbg.blogspot.com%2f2013%2f02%2fpeder-aleksandr-cakrktan-edirne-valisi.html, 
  alternative energy alone can not sustain a heavily industrialized nation like germany . 
  solar and wind simply do n't have the energy density of nuclear and hydrocarbons . 
  with nuclear power plants closing down , germany has no choice but to rely increasingly on coal . 
  this will make the air even filthier . 
  germans will need to make the choice eventually of whether they want to live with the risk of a nuclear meltdown , or polluted air . 
  the problem is that if even more of the smart people leave it will become even more of a `` diarrhea '' country . 
  somebody has to stay there in order to help things get fixed eventually . 
  can you speculate on which country you believe will join the eurozone next ? 
  my bet is on bulgaria because it fulfills [ all the requirements for membership ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bulgaria_and_the_euro#status ) , except for the last formality of ermii membership .
