  because we can all see how the us government is abusing the resources of the american taxpayers to build military bases in every other country and wage its imperial wars around the globe to further grab natural resources . 
  if a centralized government is to become a reality , i believe there should be stronger checks and balances to prevent it from doing the same thing to europeans . 
  in turkish , poland is called `` polonya '' . 
  the - istan suffix is usually reserved for former ottoman colonies like bulgaria ( bulgaristan ) , greece ( yunanistan ) , hungary ( macaristan ) , etc ... 
  ca n't they just add a single branch to madrid rather than diverting the whole traffic ? 
  i do n't see why this is a race , and why there is a first mover advantage . 
  there is nothing to prevent other capitals from signing similar currency swap agreements with china eventually . 
  open borders is where the world is heading anyway in the long run . 
  the question is how to manage that transition with minimal social disruption . 
  there should be a presumption of innocence until proven guilty . 
  you ca n't just assume someone is illegal and has broken the law because they look brown . 
  the annan plan would have reduced turkish troops from 35,000 to no more than 650 . 
  here is the relevant part of the plan :  greek and turkish contingents shall be permitted to be stationed under the treaty of alliance in the greek cypriot state and the turkish cypriot state respectively as follows :  i ) each contingent not to exceed 6,000 all ranks , until 2011 ;  ii ) each contingent not to exceed 3,000 all ranks thereafter until 2018 or the european union accession of turkey , whichever is sooner ; and  iii ) the greek contingent not to exceed 950 all ranks and the turkish contingent not to exceed 650 all ranks thereafter , subject to three-yearly review with the objective of total withdrawal ; full text of the plan available here : http://unannanplan.agrino.org/annan_plan_march_30_2004.pdf as for your second point about the disproportionate representation , that is entirely subjective , and is a matter of negotiations . 
  one could just as easily argue that greek cypriots have a disproportionate influence within the eu , for example , relative to their population size . 
  in other words we just rejected a plan that the eu thought was perfectly reasonable because it did n't meet all our demands . 
  meanwhile we will continue to bitch and whine about the evil turks . 
  perhaps if we do it for long enough , the eu will help us get our demands met . 
  people from those countries already have very easy access to the eu . 
  prior to the current mess in syria , turkey had already implemented visa free travel with a number of countries from the region ( jordan , lebanon , syria ) , which allows them easily show up on the bulgarian or greek borders . 
   they tried , but turkey wanted to drag this one out . 
  if you read further , you will also see this :  kostas karamanlis , soon after he took office in march 2004 , opted out of this plan , because ankara was insisting that all the issues , including imia/kardak and the `` grey zones '' , belonged to a single negotiating item . 
  as for this ...  well , tough shit . 
  i like my neighbour 's fancy house but i 'm not going to move in because `` i do n't like that he owns it '' . 
  ... let me just link a few maps for perspective . 
  [ this ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c4/aegean_6_nm.svg ) is the current maritime boundary . 
  [ this ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/62/aegean_10_nm.svg ) is what the greek government believes the boundary should be . 
  as you can see , under the greek demands turkish ships will have no access from the straights to the mediterranean , and istanbul will be completely cut off . 
  given how much the turkish economy depends on this access , it 's not difficult to understand why turkey has declared the issue to be casus belli if greece goes ahead with implementing its demands . 
  your point would have been valid , if turkey had applied for admission when southern cyprus was already a member , but that was not the case . 
  turkey applied prior to that with the understanding that the cyprus conflict would be resolved as part of the accession process of both countries . 
  in that respect , the current mess is as much of eu 's decision to admit a divided country in an uncertain international situation as it is of turkey 's unwillingness to recognize it . 
  it seems to me that the eu has been turned in an instrument of greek irredentism ( something that is quite evident already in their name dispute with macedonia ) and the more powerful members of the union simply go along with that because they are opposed to expansion for other reasons . 
  the unfortunate result will of course be that both greeks and turks will be losers in this . 
  the greeks because they will not be able to obtain any of their demands as the eu accession is their only leverage left over turkey and it clearly lacks credibility at this point . 
  the turks because the democratization and media freedom in the country depend on a credible path to accession , and as that fades away erdogan will simply become more like his buddies in russia , china , and the muslim brotherhood gang in the middle east . 
  perhaps you should include it in your ban list , since you have already gotten started . 
  if greece was so convinced in the lawfulness of its position , it would have referred the case to the court at the hague long ago , instead of insisting on bilateral negotiations in which it can abuse its leverage as an eu member to extract further concessions from turkey . 
  turkey does n't want the aegean to be turned into an internal greek lake and have its maritime routes from the straights to the mediterranean cut . 
   they ca n't honestly expect to get anywhere when they do n't recognise an eu member state . 
  after reading this , one would be left with the impression that turkey invaded cyprus after it became a member state . 
  quite the contrary , turkey and turkish cypriots actually supported the unification of the island during the [ annan plan ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/annan_plan_for_cyprus ) prior to its accession . 
  let us not forget who it was that rejected the plan that would have allowed the whole island to enter the union as a single united country . 
   they can not be an eu member without destroying what it means to be an eu member . 
  the eu has destroyed that on its own . 
  the accession of a country which was at war with its other half , and had no de facto control over all of its territory should never have happened . 
  the eu usually boasts about how candidate countries must have good neighborly relations with their neighbors , and not be in a state of war , and treat minorities right . 
  did the greek cypriot government meet any of those requirements when it was admitted ? 
  in fact , safe in the knowledge that they would be admitted to the union no matter what , the greek cypriots rejected the annan plan , and a week later cyprus became an e.u. 
  state . 
  european officials , and especially g\u00fcnter verheugen , the e.u. 
  enlargement commissioner at the time , even said that they felt betrayed . 
   `` the understanding was quite clear when we gave turkey candidate status in 1999 and even clearer when we concluded negotiations with cyprus in 2002 : the greek cypriots would not allow the peace plan to fail , and if it failed due to the turkish cypriots , then cyprus could join , '' mr. verheugen said . 
   `` we came very close . 
  the problem was that in the end , we did n't have any leverage over the greek cypriots anymore since they knew they would join anyway , '' added mr. verheugen , who is now honorary professor of european governance at the european university viadrina in germany . 
  source : http://www.nytimes.com/2013/02/05/business/global/european-unions-leverage-over-cyprus-is-ephemeral.html?_r=0 despite all of its promises of lifting the economic isolation on the turkish cypriots , the eu has not fulfilled any of them , and the north remain as isolated as ever . 
  the official turkish position is that they recognize the rights of turkish cypriots to self-governance . 
  pending a resolution to the conflict , turkey will never recognize the greek cypriots as the sole government as that would contradict their support for the turkish cypriots . 
  so to expect turkey to recognize the government in the south as the sole representative is unrealistic because it would undermine the negotiating position of the turkish cypriots . 
  i am neither for nor against . 
  i would like to see further integration , but not under the current conditions . 
  historically what made the eu successful was free trade and free movement of peoples . 
  nowadays , the eu seems to be all about the euro , and the protection of the position of a few banks at the top of the pyramid at any cost . 
  if the europeans do n't neuter the european central bank , and allow it to spread its tentacles and expand its financial powers further , i can not help but envision a really sad future for the continent . 
  the devil is always in the details . 
  where exactly are they going to draw the borders ? 
  yup , let 's just attack the messenger , instead of arguing the message . 
  lies , damned lies , and statistics, 
  i have nothing against unpatented open-source properly-labelled gm foods . 
  that however is unlikely to be the type of gm food the uk will be pushing for . 
  the biggest benefit is food security . 
  in an age where companies like monsanto control a large chunk of the food supply , the cap allows countries to assert their independence and not be bullied by food monopolies . 
  the bulgarians lost macedonia to the serbs, 
  well , the killings mostly occurred in the occupied territories in the southwest which were under bulgarian civilian control , but nazi military command . 
  european police certainly have good pr departments . 
  as much as i disagree with his views , i still think it 's inappropriate to persecute holocaust deniers . 
  yes , turkey has interests in the area . 
  so does britain , greece , and a lot of other country . 
  that 's very different from your initial claim of them thinking that the island belongs to them . 
   they think the entire area , including the island belongs to them . . that 's not what they think . 
  their claim is that the government in the southern part of the island does not represent the turks in the north , and therefore has no rights to make claims or sign agreements on behalf of the entire island without consulting the turkish cypriots with whom its supposed to share power by its own constitution . 
  it is a standard practice for how the us embassies operate . 
  see wikileaks for [ more information ] ( http://digitaljournal.com/article/326009 ) . 
  for example , when some european countries were considering placing limitations on monsanto 's gmos , us embassies around europe were plotting on how to engage in full scale economic war and retaliate in order to reverse any decision damaging to the interests of monsanto . 
  us embassies have long ceased to operate as representative of the american people . 
  instead they have become extension of the corporate lobbies to the international arena . 
  perhaps one of the comments under the article is correct . 
  maybe the reform that islam needs will come from europe 's far right . 
  ok , so we already know this man ha a weakness for women . 
  now , tell us something new . 
  it is a sexually explicit song . 
  apparently many russians took a fascination with his other clips . 
  especially , the song [ mrazish / \u041c\u0440\u0430\u0437\u0438\u0448 ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f4hq4j4bfom ) which became quite infamous in russia for its homoerotic theme . 
  so azis decided to make one specifically for them . 
  he thrives on the negative attention that homophobia brings about in eastern europe , and has actually made quite a lot of money off of it . 
   banning the hammer & sickle so i take it you wo n't be able to enjoy [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p9sqzltsfp8&amp;t=57s ) fabulous clip by our gorgeous singer azis that feature the hammer & sickle prominently . 
  going down the slippery slope of censorship . 
  the uk has troops in germany ? 
   it 's probably the `` fractional reserve banking let 's banks create money '' bullshit that conspiracy theorists keep going on about that fractional reserve banking increases the money supply is a well known fact in economics , and the effect is even quantified through a special term called the [ money multiplier ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/money_multiplier ) . 
  perhaps you need to study a bit more economics before accusing people of being `` conspiracy '' theorists . 
  i think his point was that the primary dealers ( the big investment banks like goldman sachs , jp morgan , etc ) all have access to the discount window of the federal reserve , and they can borrow money that has just been freshly created .
