i guess in bulgaria everybody is equally poor . 
  i hope we get into the euro soon too . 
  its taken the jobs of a lot of turkish peopele especially those working in the textile industry . 
  that 's not really news . 
  wake me up when they make the rate negative . 
  i do n't know what they are protesting for , but i fully support them . 
  given the number of slavic words in romanian , i am surprised it does n't share a link with slavic languages . 
  if this does n't convince anybody that southern cyprus is just an extension of the greek state , i do n't know what will . 
  how can one talk of a functional state in cyprus between greeks and turks , when the former are so eager to be represented by and join their mainland cousins at every opportunity . 
  to the extent that nato was an allieance against the soviet union and the warsaw block , turkey was a crucial element of that alliance . 
  it shouldered the burden of having nuclear weapons that were in direct range of moscow , and would have likely been the first to be annihilated if nuclear war broke out . 
  it played [ an important role ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkish_brigade ) in the korean war , and it lead nato forces in afghanistan for a number of years after the 9/11 attacks . 
  nato without turkey would be just meaningless . 
  i feel like this will create a backlash , and it will have exactly the opposite effect of what it intended . 
  on the one side of the fence people die of hunger , on the other they enjoy luxuries such as a golf course . 
  i used to like rt because of its stance on the financial crisis of 2008 and it 's coverage of wall st and the likes of jp morgan , goldman sachs , etc. 
  but the ukrainian crisis really exposed it as the one-sided propaganda mouthpiece of the kremlin that it is . 
  it 's very similar to my relationship with al jazeera - back during the us invasion of iraq i thought it was an objective source that touched topics no mainstream american media would , but the recent syria crisis has exposed it as a public relations department in the qatari ministry of foreign affairs . 
  it seems like most international media outlets operate on this principle - in the beginning they try to be objective and truthful in order to accumulate public trust , and as soon as they have enough of it and it is politicaly expedient to their backers they spend that trust to achieve short term politica goals . 
  well , you are not the center of the world . 
  except for russia and a few others , most of the world recognizes it as a country . 
  my comment was really an objective statement of fact - it is not under question that greeks have been at the forefront of isolating the north of cyprus . 
  your comment on the other hand used opinionated terms such as ` colony ' and ` puppet ' . 
  how does that count ? 
  there is no overriding law that says countries can not become independent . 
  otherwise kosovo would have never emerged as a country , scotland 's referendum would have been illegal in the first place , and it would have been impossible for crimea to be annexed by russia . 
  i presume you refer to its dependence on turkey - which by no small measure is caused by the attempts of the greeks to isolate teh country from the international community . 
  de facto it is a separte country . 
  crete had [ a significant turkish minority ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cretan_turks ) too , but most of them were wiped out when the island achieved enosis with greece . 
  got it . 
  should have guessed since it 's also \u0432\u044a\u0440\u0431\u0430 in bulgarian . 
   srbe na vrbe what does that mean ? 
  serbs to the what ? 
  it 's too early for assad to laugh . 
  isis is more powerful than ever . 
  while he may have avoided being gadafi 'd by murica , will he be able to avoid a perhapse worse faith from the hands of isis ? 
  i think his dreams about recreating the ottoman empire were spoiled after the collapse of the muslim brotherhood governments in egypt and tunesia that were supposed to be among the main pillars of that project and the failure to remove assad of syria from power ( and syria is a crucial linking country between turkey and the middle east if the idea was to be ever realized ) was the final nail on that coffin . 
  right now erdogan is really stuck between a rock and a hard place - he faces a terrible dilemma in syria between supporting isis on the one hand or pkk fighters that have been waging war against turkey for years on the other . 
  showing support for the pkk would be political suicide inside turkey , so i think that forces him to choose the `` lesser evil '' of isis , but he does n't do it willingly , he knows full well the reprecussions . 
  i really see as a desperate maneuvre , more of a defensive position than a grand offensive for the recreation of some long lost empire . 
  if the instability in the middle east begins to affect the turkish economy more severely , and with the ever increasing influx of syrian refugees , public opinion can turn very quickly against him , even among his hard core supporters from the anatolian belt . 
  i think with this move he is trying to play up his islamic credentials among his more hard core sunni supporters . 
  that 's what a lot of secular turks have been warning us for years , and finally this guy has shown his real face . 
  i 'm sorry but nokia was n't killed by apple , it was killed by [ this guy ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stephen_elop ) and he works for microsoft . 
  i think the eu needs to focus on the gas interconnection infrastructure between member states . 
  then it will be economically impossible for russia to discriminate on the basis of price , because as soon as she does so , arbitrage opportunities will immerge that will incentivize the countries that receive gas cheaply to resell it to countries that receive more expensive gas . 
  this market based approach will evetnually even out the price across the whole of the eu . 
  for this to work though russia should have no control over the actual piplines that deliver the gas inside the eu - something that they have been seeking with the south stream pipeline in bulgaria for example . 
  i 'm confused - is this really to prevent them from leaving , or coming back in ? 
  if its up to me - i would welcome the former , and try to discourage the latter . 
  wow , that 's exactly what i came in here to say . 
  is this more of an arab vs kurd ethnic thing ? 
  or is it really an islamist vs kurd thing ? 
  my understanding was that there were plenty of islamist kurds as well - i wonder what their position is in this conflict . 
  in this case would their loyalty lie with their religion or their ethnicity ? 
  i have higher than beginner level proficiency . 
   it stands for turkish nationalist party . 
  no it does n't stand for turkish nationalist party - it stands for [ movement for rights and freedoms ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/movement_for_rights_and_freedoms ) , and while the majority of its members are ethnic turks , the party 's statute does not mention the term [ turk or turkish even once ] ( http://dariknews.bg/view_article.php?article_id=761564 ) most likely because the bulgarian constitution bans parties formed on an ethnic basis . 
  in fact there are quite a few ethnic bulgarians and roma in the party . 
  and while there are segments of the bulgaria population that revile dps , the party is certainly not in isolation - it has been participating as a coalition partner almost in every single government since the fall of communism . 
  in fact some speculate that gerb may form a coalition with it if it and the reformists fall short of an outright majority . 
  the title makes it sound like it was turkey 's fault , when it was france that failed to apprehend them when they crossed into its border . 
  what ? 
  that 's the complete opposite of what actually has happened : [ turkey opens border to syrian kurds fleeing isil offensive ] ( http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/turkey-opens-border-to-syrian-kurds-fleeing-isil-offensive.aspx?pageid=238&amp;nid=71917&amp;newscatid=352 ) [ turkey opens its border to allow 4,000 syrian refugees leave islamic state ] ( http://www.independent.ie/world-news/middle-east/turkey-opens-its-border-to-allow-4000-syrian-refugees-leave-islamic-state-30600390.html ) [ turkey opens border to syrian kurds fleeing is ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-29277840 ) i guess some people in / r/europe get an instictive negative reaction whenever turkey is mentioned . 
  well , perhaps then europe should solve its problems with the catholic priests and their pedophile tendencies before preaching to others about their problems . 
  what a load of bullcrap . 
  if a members state splits into two , then both of the resulting states should automatically have membership . 
  well , most people in the balkans are quite nationalistic as well . 
  i think the post-nationalistic ideology is more common in western europe . 
  in that respect turkey is not that different from its neighbors . 
  turkey . 
  the black flag that they are carrying is reminiscent of isis . 
  the people in turkey that want the country to join the eu are very different from the supporters of the likes of this minister . 
  most pro-eu secular people in turkey hate the guts of this man and his party . 
  you are barking up the wrong tree here . 
   i 'm seriously wondering what putin 's wargoal is . 
  a land corridor all the way to transnistria , and control of the entire northern black sea coastline . 
  i like the euro . 
  i hope bulgaria will join it soon . 
  says the telegraph ... 
  ukraine wo n't be the end of russian expansionism . 
  if putin succeeds in creating a russian corridor all the way to bessarabia and reach his pet transdniestr republic , which i believe to be his geostrategic aim now , that will prepare the ground for increased russian assertiveness in the balkans - including romania and bulgaria , with serbia already firmly in the pro-russian camp . 
  bulgaria is particularly vulnerable because it has very strong russophile elements within the country that many pro-eu and pro-western bulgarians have fought really hard to contain for years . 
  the country 's approval of the south stream project , which was later shown to be in contravention of eu law , was a particularly poignant remind of their presence . 
  ukraine will not be the end of russian expansion , it will be the beginning - merely the first of a series of dominoes to fall . 
  and the cold war that you so terribly dread , will happen sooner or later . 
  only this time it will be fought on russia 's terms with europe ever more firmly in the energy grip of gazprom . 
  so for the sake of some illusory hope of finding a peaceful settlement , you are foregoing red line after red line which russia is crossing continually and with increasing confidence . 
  i guess you wo n't loose hope until russian troops press against your own borders . 
  what exactly is the german way of going against russia ? 
  and would likely be even more extreme . 
  i read somewhere that it was an urban myth . 
  somebody did really try the experiment and the frog actually jumped out of the pan even when it was heated slowly . 
   also what on earth are the western outlands ? 
   i would give istanbul constantinople to greece and what are you going to do with the 14 million or so turks that inhabit it ? 
  there are more turks in istanbul alone than there are greeks in the whole of greece . 
  never mind the fact that to connect istanbul to greece you would probably also have to empty eastern thrace and the marmara region of turks as well . 
  on the contrary - sanjak should be returned to bosnia , vojvodina - to hungary , and the western outlands - to bulgaria . 
  this is a false dilemma - respecting human rights and not allowing isis members back are not mutually exclusive . 
  people that have participated in genocide and ethnic cleansing can be denied entry or imprisoned as those are crimes in every country that respects human rights .
