  what do you get when you combine nationalism with socialism ? 
  these grades have long ceased to be a meaningful economic indicator , and are now used for purely political purposes . 
  i am wondering what america demands in exchange for this upgrade . 
  i do n't think the european elites care much about what the european masses think these days . 
  if turkey joining fits their interests , they will let it in . 
  i thought cyprus was an extension of the anatolian peninsula ? 
  actually turkey has [ a pretty descent gay parade ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zaoxe61q-rq ) every year in istanbul . 
  compare that with parades in some eastern european countries . 
  without the eu , the uk is likely to be reduced to an irrelevant island off the coast of france . 
  it neither has the industry nor the natural resources to remain a dominant player in the global geopolitical scene , especially in comparison to such behemoths as the us and china . 
  the only way the uk can remain relevant is by exercising its influence through europe . 
  how lovely - motherly russia coming in to protect its orthodox brethren . 
  perhaps it can survive , but it will not thrive . 
  my cousin emigrated to sweden in the 80s when there was persecution against turks in bulgaria . 
  she went to graduate a university in sweden , and gained an excellent command of the swedish language . 
  married a swedish guy ( despite some opposition from her family ) , and last time when i visited her told me that there was a noticeable difference in responses to her job applications . 
  with a turkish surname she could hardly ever get responses , but when she got her husbands surname the responses poured in . 
  most of the discrimination that people face in europe is usually quite subtle and overt . 
  it is a pity not only for the people that are being discriminated , but for the overall economy as well , because people that are perfectly capable of doing their job are denied the right to do it for some archiac prejudices . 
  nothing in what i said above is false . 
  soon they will be mulling taxes on the right to breath and drink water . 
   ... , bulgaria , ... 
  there is a difference between not recognizing gay marriage and outright banning it . 
  as far as i know , bulgaria has no legislation on gay marriage . 
  it is not recognized , but i do n't think they are any obstacles to it being recognized at some point in the future . 
  so if a referendum were to be held , what do you think people will vote ? 
  i think a lot of people underestimate how important food is for their health . 
  you are what you eat after all . 
  paying slightly higher for good healthy food is far better than stuffing yourself with junk that will ruin your health down the line . 
  what a lovely and forward looking country the eu has admitted . 
  i am sure they are going to fit right within western liberal values . 
  enough taxes already . 
  the eu bureaucracy has just turned into a gigantic parasite sucking the life blood of the productive economy . 
  if things continue this way the parasite will soon grow far bigger than its host , and both the parasite and the host will die . 
  what is needed is smarter governance within the existing tax structure . 
  i think a far better option thane enabling ads would be to donate directly to the website , rather than let unsolicited ads clutter up your precious screen real estate . 
  i was recently checking out amazon.fr and comparing prices with amazon.de , and prices were consistently higher on the french one than the german one . 
  i am wondering what other taxes french merchants have to put up with . 
  the uk and france have been great cheerleaders for the rebells/terrorists fighting assad . 
  turkey is merely the executioner , the order for `` fucking up a country '' comes from much higher up . 
  ataka is not nationalist , it is fascist . 
  it 's supporters openly talk of concentration camps for minorities , and turning them into soap . 
  they also frequently march in paramilitary formation , and use violence to intimidate their opponents . 
  they also have a symbol reminiscent of the swastika . 
  does n't gerb have some ethnic turks among its ranks now ? 
  it would be interesting to watch how they would interact with the ataka party if such a coalition were to form . 
  another interesting possibility is for the conservatives and the turks to form a coalition . 
  turkey 's objective is to incorporate syria into its economic sphere of influence , not to starve the syrian people of water . 
  as for it being opportunistic , when states fall apart other states step in and fill up the vacuum . 
  welcome to geopolitics 101 . 
  when you play with fire you eventually get burned . 
  erdogan 's little adventure in syria of sponsoring and aiding terrorists fighting the regime , seems to be blowing up in his face . 
  debts that can not be repaid wo n't . 
  it is the responsibility of the banks to assess the risk and ensure that they give out loans only to people and entities that are likely to repay them . 
  in this case they screwed up and should face the consequences . 
  that 's the recipe for a successful economy - people that make good decisions should reap the benefits of their success , and those that make bad ones should face the consequences of their mistakes . 
  to talk of debt as if it were some form of private property is barbaric and reminds me of some form of bondage where the bond holder has sacred rights over his debt slave . 
  i think what the eurozone needs is debt repudiation . 
  wow !, 
  the know-it-all commission , not content with its deep unpopularity , is now sticking its nose into what farmers have been doing for thousands of years , and is telling them what they can and can not plant . 
  this is just pathetic . 
  you are right that some islamic texts prescribe punishment for [ zena ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zina ) ( unlawful sexual intercourse , i.e. 
  intercourse between individuals who are not married to one another , encompassing extramarital sex and premarital sex ) , that can range from 100 lashes to stoning to death according to the exact school you follow and the exact circumstances , but the punishment is equal for both sexes . 
  the usual explanation given for why women have been targeted more is because it is easier to to detect when they have lost their virginity by the torn hymen , whereas with men unless they have some condition with their foreskin ( which muslim men have removed anyway ) , it is almost impossible to ascertain whether they have engaged in sex . 
  all people that are alive today have a mother lineage that converges to a single woman called the [ mitochondrial eve ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mitochondrial_eve ) , and a father lineage that converges to a single man called the [ y-chromosomal adam ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/y-chromosomal_adam ) . 
  y-chromosomal adam lived between 237,000 and 581,000 years ago . 
  there is no reason to suggest that y-chromosomal adam and mitochondrial eve should have lived at the same time and mitochondrial eve is estimated to have lived approximately 200,000 years ago . 
  so in essence if we go back far enough we all share a common father with different mothers , and a common mother with possibly different fathers . 
  honor killings are not condoned by islam . 
  they predate islam in the societies where practiced ( mostly arabs and kurds as far as i know ) , and go all the way back to ancient times far before mohammed ever stepped a foot on the sands of arabia . 
  mostly it is a function of the way these societies are structured , where the only way to avoid social ostracization is to perform the killing . 
  as sad as it is , families that are faced with living as complete social outcast that are rejected by all their neighbors and relatives , choose to `` cleanse '' their honor by murdering the individual who has brought in the `` shame '' . 
  this , or they can choose to immigrate to another place , but the options are limited these days . 
  it is easy to judge while living in a liberal society with no idea how strong social pressure can be to push people to do things that in another time and place would be considered totally reprehensible . 
  that this goes on in even seamingly liberal sweden shows how marginalized these immigrant groups are - that they attach greater importance to how they are perceived in their ethnic community , than to following the laws of sweden . 
  i am not sure what the best way to tackle this problem is , but public shaming on the media , and associating their names with this crime forever would be an effective tool . 
  i hope they reject it outright . 
  patents , while having the noble intent of promoting innovation , have long ceased serving that purpose and are now primarily used to protect big corporations from competition , and serve the exact opposite purpose - they stifle innovation . 
  they rejected it because they thought they could get more concessions from turkey once they joined the european union . 
  i think it 's probably more for lack of record keeping than of us being clean . 
  wonderful . 
  we are now getting our daily dose of serbian propaganda . 
  in the turkish dialect spoken in bulgaria , we use the word `` salata '' . 
  the stance of most bulgarians is that macedonians are ethnically and linguistically identical to them , and have developed a separate national identity over the past century largely because of serbian propaganda . 
   anti-religious this one seems to be pro-christian . 
   elsewhere on orkan , singer \u00d8rjan stedjeberg refers to muslims ' `` unforgivable customs '' and calls for a new `` kingdom '' to `` shine through [ the ] bad years , shame and ** christian ** times '' . 
  i do n't think europe will decline in absolute terms . 
  what people mean by decline is usually a relative one . 
  other parts of the world will begin to grow much faster , and their significance will increase relative to the one held by europe . 
  communism in bulgaria had quite a ring-wing flavor , especially right before its downfall in 1989 . 
  the communist government propmoted a nationalistic ideology , actively persecuted ethnic minorities , and engaged in the notorious [ revival process ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/revival_process ) for the assimilation or expulsion of the turks in bulgaria . 
  so in general this is nothing new - the radical left and radical right have been historically quite close in bulgaria and holding hands behind the barn for quite some time now . 
   organ harvesting of serbs in kosovo according to the article the victims were mostly from outside of serbia :  would-be donors from turkey and poor parts of the former soviet union were lured to the clinic in pristina , called medicus , on a promise of 10,000-12 ,000 euros ( $ 13,000-15 ,600 ) . 
   more than russia does , for instance . 
  including greater willingness to be a part of the club and play by its rules . 
  willingness to play by the `` rules '' set by the eu is more a function of the size of the country and its geopolitical power than anything else . 
  russia is too big to be easily pushed around by the eu , whereas smaller countries do n't have the same resources to protect their interests . 
  those are not the only things that europe demands . 
   `` lie like turks '' your quote is inaccurate . 
  google returns [ no relevant results ] ( https://www.google.com/search?q=%22lie+like+turks%22 ) .
