  it was a nice attempt to push your turkophobic stereotypes though . 
   europe being hard on turkey has nothing to do with it . 
  what 's happening is that , turkey 's leadership sees the financial troubles plaguing europe . 
  they thus consider europe to be weak . 
  the two are not unrelated . 
  given the diminishing benefits of membership , the cost of joining europe may not be worth the price . 
  so it may well be that the terms the eu is asking for are too hard in exchange for what it is offering in return . 
  and by this i do not mean the conditions for better human rights , which i think turkey should respect , but the concrete political concessions that they are asked to make . 
   so , they suck up to those whom they consider powerful . 
  welcome to international relations 101 . 
  countries do what is in their national interest . 
   turks only understand `` power '' . 
  how is this not true for every single country in the world ? 
  can you cite any country that does not understand power ? 
   `` turks do not aspire , they do not hope , they ... fear '' another one of your stupid stereotypical quotes no doubt . 
  turkey is the only country in the middle east that successfully fought the wester war of colonization and successfully won [ its independence ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkish_war_of_independence ) , and avoided becoming the mess that the arabs have been turned into . 
  it seems like some people in europe still suffer from this colonial complex of seeing themselves as superior where they `` aspire '' and `` hope '' for higher goals , while their colonial subjects are two dimensional animal like characters that can only be pushed around by `` fear '' of punishment . 
  well , i can assure you that is not the case . 
  turkey has great aspirations , and through this move it is telling europe it wo n't wait forever to realize them . 
  it takes two to tango . 
  turkey ca n't meet every whimsical term that the eu comes up with in order to keep it forever waiting at the door . 
  especially when the double standards are becoming glaringly obvious . 
  see the exceptions granted to s. cyprus during its admission for example . 
  what do georgia or armenia have in common with europe other than being christian ? 
  i can see how this can backfire mightily as more and more countries begin to adopt the technology . 
  so does every ethnic group living under a different country , such as the turks & pomaks in western thrace , for example . 
  i am sure you would support their claim to their own country as well then ? 
  how about northern cyprus , why should they be forced into a unitary state with the greeks instead of having their own country ? 
  let 's just keep dividing existing states into smaller and smaller components . 
  it makes them easier to rule , does n't it ? 
  oh the glorious bulgarian flag flying north of the danube . 
  romania , we have finally conquered thee !, 
  the [ great bulgarian empire ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/dc/bulgaria-%28893-927%29-tsarsimeon-bytodorbozhinov.png ) has awaken once again . 
  i wonder what could possibly lead a seemingly liberal european to be attracted to radical islam . 
  as a muslim that is growing more agnostic with time , i find it hard to understand why anyone would move in the opposite direction . 
  huh ? 
  i did n't get the part about the first cousins at all . 
  is there a link to the full interview ? 
  i spent a year in the uk some time ago , and to be honest i really did not like it much . 
  somehow i think i do n't relaly `` fit '' in the culture there . 
  but that could just be me . 
  europe is beyond the austerity limit , and it has long reached the breaking point . 
  mr barroso needs to upgrade his austerimeter . 
  no , thanks . 
   decency you make the mistake of attributing human qualities to inanimate objects . 
  corporations are simply profit making machines , they have no such human attributes as decency . 
  and yes if monsanto can get their claws around the european food supply , they will , because there is nothing that maximizes your profits more than controlling the food supply , as demand for it is quite inelastic . 
  unlike other sectors of the economy , people always need food no matter what how the economy is doing , and that guarantees these companies their profits . 
  i also find the income tax monumentally stupid , but government need taxes in order to feed their bureaucracies . 
  if you ask me , it is better to increase the tax burden on the bankers and decrease their bonuses , than shift all of it onto the ailing middle class . 
  you used the word ` annexed ' . 
  turkey does not claim the north as part of its territory , it recognizes it as a separate state . 
   both sides are civilised and we can work things out on our own you are only saying that because the balance of power today is not in your favor . 
  back in the day when turkish cypriots were crammed into little enclaves and raided by the eoka thugs of [ nikos samson ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nikos_sampson ) you were singing a different tune . 
  in a free market economy , this would lead to a drop in home prices until the market clears the excess inventories . 
  but of course the banks ca n't let that happen because they would loose their bets on rising prices . 
  reminds me of [ greenspan 's ( chairman of the us central bank ) assertion that burning homes would be better than letting the prices fall ] ( http://video.cnbc.com/gallery/?video=3000050025 ) . 
  color me surprised . 
  divide and rule, 
  given that serbia is landlocked inside the eu , i am not sure how they plan to place those facilities there without asking the eu for permission . 
  i thought he was speaking english with a very strong irish accent . 
  it took me a while to figure out he was not speaking in english in the beginning . 
  the [ first one ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/5b/quaterionenadler_david_de_negker.svg/544px-quaterionenadler_david_de_negker.svg.png ) has way too much detail . 
  kind of reminds of the coat of arms of the [ ottoman empire ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/2b/osmanli-nisani.svg ), 
  does n't spain also offer residence to anyone who buys a house there ? 
  when the public threaten the existing power structure they become terrorists . 
   is governed by puppets of the eu not so much puppets of the eu , [ as much as of goldman sachs ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/business/analysis-and-features/what-price-the-new-democracy-goldman-sachs-conquers-europe-6264091.html ) . 
  otherwise that governments are puppets must be quite obvious by now . 
  a disorderly default in any eurozone counry would financially hurt the big and powerful banks , and they have ways of making sure it does n't happen , or at least not while they are exposed . 
  greece came really close to defaulting in april of last year , and as their democratically elected prime minster threatened a referendum on the bail out terms , he was promptly forced to resign , and replaced with a banker friendly technocrat . 
  portugal will not be allowed to default for the same reason greece was n't allowed last year . 
  a default would pose systemic risk to the entire euro area , and might lead to a breakdown of the euro-zone . 
  why ca n't europe have its own search engine rather than having to rely on an american company ? 
  russia has [ yandex ] ( http://www.yandex.ru/ ) , china has [ baidu ] ( http://www.baidu.com/ ) , what about europe ? 
  for the eu to become federal , it first has to do away with the concept of the nation-state . 
  nationalist politics based on the idea that states should be based on ethnic lines are still quite powerful in europe . 
  i do n't think you understand the point of media freedom . 
  i do n't understand the priorities of the turkish president here . 
  there is a terrible humanitarian tragedy happening next door in syria under his nose , and yet he is trying to deflect attention towards a fictitious holocaust in europe . 
  why do n't you just quit bitching ? 
  direct your anger towards the murderers that are on trial there , not the media that is trying to cover the event . 
  i am sure that 's what the jews that stayed in germany thought right before the holocaust . 
   and greeks are very passionate about these things greeks are sensitive on this issue because they are standing on thin ground . 
  my impression has been that the people in the north of greece look very balkan , and are quite distinct from the people that live in the south . 
  given the history of the region , especially the forced hellenization and ethnic cleansing of the slavic population after the second balkan war , that 's not too surprising . 
  independent in doing what exactly ? 
  the powers that central banks had historically was to set interest rates , lend fiat money through the primary dealers , or directly monetize government debt . 
  the cypriot central banks has none of those powers at the moment , so its independence is meaningless . 
  what about regions with mixed populations that have coexisted for centuries ? 
  what you propose would be a recipe for ethnic cleansing . 
  so if the cyprus central bank can not print euros , what exactly is their role ? 
  what is meant by threatening their independence ? 
  thanks for the info . 
  i remember that the bulgarian lev and the turkish lira were roughly equal when the denomination of the lira first took place . 
  the last time i checked the lira was lower than the lev , but maybe i got that wrong . 
  the lev is tied to the euro through a currency board mechanism , so the exchange rate must follow exactly the one with the euro . 
  how is this relevant to this subredit ? 
  what about georgia and armenia ? 
  perhaps the serbs are betting on the eu ending up like yugoslavia did in the 90s - mired in debt , with resurgent nationalism , and constituent states bickering over who will control the central bank . 
  i personally hope that wo n't happen .
