  but their ex35 have been perfect . 
  i always keep a spare set of those rubbery thingies in my coat but did n't have to use them since i got this pair . 
  ask kim phuc . 
   much of eastern europe . 
  even belarus , the worst eastern european country regarding human rights , does n't pull shit like israel does . 
  yes , becaus libya is n't on the front page for two weeks now . 
  [ here 's an older post ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/ds295/reddit_how_does_depression_actually_feel_then/c12h0mi ) that describes it best . 
  i agree with your idea , but would like to avoid a horror game . 
  yes , zombies are scary , but i hate games that have a sole purpose of scaring the shit out of me . 
  what about other feelings ? 
  i 'll never forget the pripyat mission in cod4 where you had to keep down and quiet while soldiers were passing you . 
  involuntarilly , i held my breath and was scared shitless , and not a single bullet was shot and not a single creature jumped at me from the dark . 
  that kind of feelings . 
  do you feel bad for killing him ? 
  it was in a long run , but the guy is dead , no ? 
  do girls even start shit ? 
  the original video really depressed the crap out of me . 
  sad sad story . 
  got sued by a big multinational company at age 14 . 
  it was in the newspapers , tv ... today i 'm a journalist that works with them on a monthly basis . 
  i 'm not sure they know it 's me . 
  downvoted for insulting and calling criticism of an israeli newspaper antisemitism . 
  i wanted to ask for some kind of confirmation but did n't , thinking that it may be insensitive and also karma hurting . 
  shows what a dickless person i am . 
  and a serb at that . 
  i 'm not sure people see the article as humor . 
  i do n't . 
  jed bartlett was the best president the us never had . 
   i do think that nowadays there 's entirely too much reverence for what certain men dead some 200 years would want to do ... it 's much like a religion unto itself . 
  very much so . 
  not only the constitution , but the founding fathers themselves . 
  any criticism of them is considered a sin in both right and left wing circles . 
  on behalf of non-americans in this thread : i am confused , but equally aroused . 
  meg whitman says hi . 
  i do n't get the eastern european hate . 
  it 's safer than the rest of europe . 
  good shoes . 
  ca n't emphasize that enough . 
  i know it 's not on purpose , but karl may was a popular german writer . 
  mostly insignificant . 
  the elections are 6 months away , sdp is leading by 20 % , even if hdz backs down ( which it wo n't ) nothing will change . 
  the people are angry and that 's about it . 
  a new season of spaced ? 
  the completely fictional horror movie hostel ? 
  only the trailer i 'm afraid . 
  and the nearby beli . 
  avatar . 
  and , do n't get me wrong , shawshank redemption . 
  i do n't hate it , but it is very * very * overrated . 
  a feelgood movie with a nice message and good actors , but holy shit , is it overrated . 
  number one on imdb ? 
  a freaking conspiracy if you ask me . 
  very fair assessment that does n't reek of jealousy at all . 
  ( 21 year old student who pays his journeys by himself ), 
  or that i 'm a european which pays one monthly salary for a year of college , live 10 minutes from it , has free healthcare and transport , and works two jobs . 
  i earn less money than an american , stuff is often more expensive than in the us , but i work for my things and set my priorities straight . 
  why you think somebody must be privileged just to travel is a mystery for me . 
  this happens every fucking week . 
  i volunteered at beli around four-five years ago , sleeping on the beach and being woken up by the sun was really fantastic . 
  the first red faction is still one of my favourite games . 
   just on the tour to promote the album , in which ozzy osbourne the godfather , a fact which greatly helped to be recognized , therefore , obviously , by the quality of the disc . 
  huh ? 
  they were in emerald city and did n't get shanked ? 
  one of the units in the prison show oz was named emerald city . 
  farfetched , i know . 
  i know , but nobody got shanked in the wizard of oz . 
  subway recently flunked in my country . 
  they had 4-5 locations for years , but sales suffered . 
  after some while they just disappeared , the same as costa coffee , which in turn made starbucks and kfc not willing to take their chances . 
  there 's an old usenet conspiracy that [ belgium does n't exist ] ( http://zapatopi.net/belgium/ ) . 
  * back , and to the left *, 
  * back ... and to the left *, 
  tinypic does n't work in opera . 
  fuck them , fuck them up their asses . 
  [ watchseries.eu ] ( http://www.watchseries.eu ), 
  there are a lot of alternative links so you 're sure to find a good stream . 
  actually i did n't . 
  puberty hit me like a motherfucker , but i never had much skin problems . 
  that 's probably why i do n't get the social stigma of zits . 
  you go op !, 
  yet whenever i say that rt is just kremlins propaganda outlet , i get called out as a fox news lover . 
  it looks like [ min.us ] ( http://min.us/ ) supports it . 
  i do what i can . 
  the site is riddled with ads , but you have almost every show you need in a matter of seconds . 
  like an illegal hulu . 
  [ some say ] ( http://fototo.posterous.com/the-real-death-of-the-music-industry ) the graph is rubbish . 
  three years of byzantine empire in one form or the other , just in elementary school . 
  why yes , i am from the balkans , why do you ask ? 
  mac does n't have to mean os x any more . 
  some companies buy macs and let their employees decide what os to use , since it 's the only platform you can use all three on ( legally , that is ) . 
  maybe some think the same way . 
  a lot of countries sell alcohol to minors . 
  i 've been reading about a mobile version of firefox for years now . 
  i even remember some alpha build of something that i tested on windows mobile 5 . 
  why does it take so long ? 
  yes , i 'm sure microsoft pays one guy to engage in flame wars on reddit to defend microsoft 's honour . 
  i will not buy them , not one box . 
  i will not eat them with a fox , not with bagels or with lots and do n't tempt me with courtney cox . 
  i will not buy a peanut swirl , i will not buy it little girl . 
  i want no cookies , ca n't you see ?
