  what phone do you have op ? 
  people forget that there were smartphones before the iphone , and that feature ( dumb ) phones can be pretty powerful if in the right hands . 
  i used multitasking , watched video , listened to music and played multiplayer 3d games on my phone 9 years ago . 
  are you serious ? 
  expand on that . 
  pardon my french , ali boli me kurac . 
  north korea ? 
  i did the same estimate the other day after hearing one of those dumb comparisons with the library of congress . 
  cyprus is n't sovereign greek territory . 
  it is an independent nation . 
  that 's the thing , i know very little about it . 
  could you recommned a brand or type ? 
  how in hell did i miss the creepshots controversy ? 
  i 'm here ten hours every day . 
  quite practical on subreddits that do it . 
  what would russians do with polish books ? 
  and sophia loren yes . 
  which is n't that bad of a movie , if nothing then for the awesome suicide bomber scene . 
  others said it better , but i 'll just point out that ibm has the most patents granted to a company in the last 19 consecutive years . 
  are you releasing it on amazon for kindle ? 
  i am in europe and my isp does n't block it . 
  before i lay my miserable life at your feet , care to explain what i did wrong ? 
  i asked for an rss solution , if downloading manually was an option i would do it . 
  i do n't get it . 
  i simply asked for a good tv rss or a fix and you people suggest not using it . 
  if you do n't know the answer then just do n't comment , do n't recommend things i did n't ask for . 
  the person i 'm doing this for ca n't download things manually . 
  it is n't an option . 
  it 's like asking for a restaurant recommendation and a bunch of people say `` learn to cook '' . 
  how could hell be any worse . 
   ( which is the equally simple fix ), 
  it is n't . 
  if i set up an rss episodes just get downloaded without any interventions or even thinking about it . 
  i literally have to do nothing . 
   if you want specific solutions , be specific . 
  i was specific . 
  my old rss does n't work . 
  does anyone else have an alternative . 
  notice that people posted other trackers , so it 's not like i rambled and did n't say what i want . 
   getting bitchy at someone for lack of details does n't help . 
  i got bitchy because i asked for an rss alternative and the first replies i got were `` do n't use rss '' ( which i asked for ) and `` hit yourself in the head '' ( no thank you ) . 
  thanks , very extensive but maybe a bit of an overkill for my needs . 
  edit : i love it, 
  one australian pm [ drowned ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/harold_holt#disappearance ) . 
  nope . 
  japan has an army , they just do n't call it that . 
  rip tusta . 
  revolutions are n't pretty . 
  i 'll have to disappoint you , the themes are n't that much different from western songs of the same era . 
  the state could have banned your music but that happened very rarely and the most popular method of censorship was the pulp tax that were levied on more politically braver or just kitchy records . 
  the commision that decided on the tax was mostly made up of old jazz and classical experts which made some records a bit too expensive for the regular listener . 
  in the end that did n't stop artists from making almost any comment they wanted . 
  azra ( which was more rock/new wave than punk ) made a song about the crysis in poland , mentioning the pope and solidarnost and it even aired on tv . 
  paraf made a [ song ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f0ruosdtbgi ) criticising the police ( `` there are n't any better than our police '' ) , [ defending ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6smob7k4d3g ) weed users and [ the media ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ko1bbyto1me&amp;feature=related ) . 
  buldo\u017eer from more liberal slovenia was always more alternative and avantgarde , but they made a lot of songs about sex , drugs and suicide , and thinly criticising the system . 
  in general yugoslavia had a very healthy rock/new wave scene which made punk fairly welcome . 
   are you saying they taxed higher music that was more offensive/abrasive to their ears ? 
  that is funny in a way . 
  it was a mixture of different rules and people so it was mostly on a political basis , taxing things that would be harmful to the audience . 
  you could compare it to the pmrc sticker in the us . 
   did you grow up during that period ? 
  i 'm guessing you 're from somewhere that used to be ` yugoslavia ' right ? 
  i was born in the days before yugoslavia had its last breath so i did n't live through it , but as a music journalist i 've got some idea how it went . 
   the following applies to almost all balkan countries :, 
  as a croat i agree with the nationalism part , but the difference is that bbb , torcida and others do n't have much political support and are a far cry from serbian groups . 
  we do n't have that much fights and the groups are n't involved into criminal activities outside of beating each other once in a while . 
  as a croat , fuck idiots . 
  that could have happened anywhere on the balkans . 
  if anyone is wondering , the commentator is condemning serbian players and says there is absolutely no need for something like this . 
   there are uefa delegates here and i hope they punish whoever deserved it . 
  i agree . 
  i am ? 
  i did n't notice . 
  probably because i 'm not a nationalist . 
  it took hundreds of years for racism to wane down in the us and western europe and you still see xenophobia and racism frequently . 
  now compare that to countries in eastern europe which were behind the iron curtain ( although serbia was n't , since yugoslavia was non-aligned ) , do n't have much minorities and often revel in nationalism . 
  it takes time and in the 21st century everyone expects this things to be done overnight , but unfortunately they ca n't . 
  it 's simple for people like me who were raised by cartoon network and take the internet for granted , but a lot of my compatriots ( not far from serbia ) ate up nationalism and closed themselves in a tribe . 
  i 'll never justify racism , but these things are new for us , so it will take time , as it did for everyone before us . 
   is it a slavic cultural thing ? 
  it 's a little insulting . 
  at first it 's just quality balkan swearing , and `` kick him , fuck his mother '' when they 're entering the tunnel . 
  after that it 's `` serbia , serbia '' . 
  well i did n't have a war so i do n't have to watch serbian football anymore , that 's for sure . 
  nobody ever got killed at a football match in croatia . 
  [ you 'll enjoy this then ] ( http://talesofridiculousness.blogspot.com/2010/05/serbiancroatian-swear-words-explained.html ) . 
  huh ? 
  source on this . 
  nobody ever got shot or killed at a football match in croatia . 
  we had a riot right before the war started and nobody got killed there . 
  our football firms are tough , but no match for serbian gangs . 
  feed me a stray hippy . 
   yes , but eastern europe is also on the same timeframe are they not ? 
  not really . 
  as i said before , our history is mostly of conquest and plunder , from turks , russians , austrians or germans , and later being in the russian sphere of influence we got robbed of the liberal renaissance the west had . 
  if the west progressed for 45 years after wwii , the east progressed 20 . 
  again , that 's without any racial minorities . 
  in 1990 in yugoslavia there comes nationalism which became very connected to football and gangs , which is most visible in serbia . 
  i ca n't comment on russia since i do n't know much . 
  a satirical website in serbia ( think onion ) posted a story about how the people were just frightened of a black guy , and that he seemed blacker in person .
