  what i 'm frustrated about is that even the most liberal friends i have think that the whole nation is on trial and that we ended up being branded as agressors for liberating a quarter of our country . 
  if we prosecuted them ourselves when we it happened we would n't be in this mess now . 
  the second paragraph is wrong . 
  croatia is built on antifascism , which is built in our constitution . 
  other than that we apologised for the crimes commited in a war on our soil . 
  i agree . 
  i am for justice on every side , not just the one that suits me . 
  what the hell does that matter ? 
  if there 's anything i hate about croatia is that fucking question : where were you in 1941 , 1971 , 1991 ? 
  screw you and your high horse , i do n't need justification for what i think . 
  i was there , i saw bombs go down , i spent a lot of my childhood in an air raid shelter , my dad was on the front . 
  do you need more credentials ? 
  am i enought of a croat to criticize my country now ? 
   if you do n't like it do n't comment, 
  i will comment on whatever i want and your disliking it is n't an issue for me . 
   do n't live in croatia if you hate it so much, 
  who said i hated it ? 
  go play your nationalist games elsewhere . 
  the war was * nothing * when compared how much we got raped by tu\u0111man and his cronies , and people raging on the streets do n't have the iq to turn on domestic criminals and the ones that ( through inaction or just direct crime ) made the war less defensive than it was . 
  i 'm visiting stockholm right now , a beautiful country you have here , but it seems you misunderstood the situation , as croatia was n't bombed by nato , serbia was , as were serb forces in kosovo and bosnia . 
  personally , i think excessive civilian bombings in 1999 were a shame , but intervention was necessary . 
  looks like camen electra under a certain angle . 
  anyone but peter jackson , however good he may be , he 's done too much fantasy epic travelling movies . 
  downvoted for needless insulting , and the fact that xboxahoy put the picture online himself . 
  yes op , change your feelings , it 's easy !, 
  you lie !, 
  thank you . 
  could i pm you a couple of questions if i plan to go for it ? 
  as a country founded on democratic principles , against the rule of kings and nobelty , the us sure loves idolatry . 
  whole states and cities are named by presidents . 
  edit : i sense a lot of butthurt . 
   franklin was n't a president . 
  which does n't mean much , it 's still idolatry . 
  george washington was still alive when dc was named by him . 
  harmless yes , but tasteless and tacky . 
  franklin was alive when the state was made . 
  as i said elsewhere :, 
   my two cents :, 
  - russia , trying to get belarus away from europe, 
  - lukashenko , trying to get more power or free hands for pursuit of political enemies, 
  - kgb or other secret services acting hardline, 
  - internal dissent groups, 
  it works like that in some countries . 
  it 's very interesting that even after this outage and the countless other downtimes , reddit still has a very strong following , and most people in this thread are just thankful reddit is up again and the admins did a good job . 
  i 'm in this camp as well ( although i 'm a little pissed about the gold thing , but that 's mostly jealousy ) so thanks for the hard work . 
  do n't want to be closed minded so i 'll give him a chance , but i 'm not happy about this . 
  matt damon did a great job , and jeremy renner did n't impress me in most of his roles . 
   the only people who have rights in germany are citizens of germany and to lesser extend citizens of european union . 
   also , germany do n't have the death penalty . 
  one of the basic criteria to join the council of europe and the eu is abolishing capital punishment . 
  that 's why belarus is the only european nation that is n't a member of the council . 
  what if you can have your cake and eat it ? 
  what if you can get rid of sarah palin and westboro but retain your right to be normal ? 
  would you take it ? 
  there 's no `` free speech '' anywhere , you just have varying degrees of it . 
  ah , reddit , the place that understands that different countries not only have different laws , but different kinds of people that are aware why some laws are what they are . 
  that 's the point . 
  is the us normal ? 
  is germany normal ? 
  different countries have different `` normals '' . 
  of course my wording may be a little off , but that is one of the reasons , however minor . 
  not much of a cover , his voice is similar to axl 's and the style is pretty much the same . 
  good version . 
  i was scolded by my religion teacher when i said i wanted a ps1 for christmas , and not the obvious `` holy spirit '' everyone else wanted . 
  i 'm not saying it 's bad , the guy really is great , but i prefer my covers different from the original . 
  pisses me off so much . 
  people turn around and see me behind them , then stop to look at their watch , or fix a shoe . 
  i 'm not even a brit , so imagine how i feel . 
  i was reading [ this fine article ] ( http://www.economist.com/node/18586520 ) and remembered your post . 
   but as our special report this week argues , the main culprit has been direct democracy : recalls , in which californians fire elected officials in mid-term ; referendums , in which they can reject acts of their legislature ; and especially initiatives , in which the voters write their own rules . 
  since 1978 , when proposition 13 lowered property-tax rates , hundreds of initiatives have been approved on subjects from education to the regulation of chicken coops . 
  it 's sad that so many shitty comments make a normal and moderate comment like this one r/bestof material . 
  too lazy to make a rage comic right now , and the only one i did make sucked , while the other i posted looked like i was taking credit for other people 's work . 
  but !, 
  i 'm an upstanding member of this fine community and have many leather bound books , which would make me a good choice for a moderator . 
  give him back his eggs !, 
  i 'm impressed by how easily you do both fast and slow songs , i really enjoyed mother by danzig . 
  yes , on snatch as well , and not only for the brad pitt parts . 
  if i 'm watching it at night and do n't want to wake people up with the volume just to clearly understand that they want to say , i 'll use subtitles . 
  because germany is a third world tyrannical country . 
  i review stuff for a magazine , and two websites with a couple of years experience . 
  scores are dumb and serve two major purposes : people who just skim the pages and remember just the score and pr , marketing and ceo kinds that use them to justify how awesome the game is and that it will sell a lot of units . 
  personally , my score is as closest as i feel about something , but without reading the review , the score does n't mean anything . 
  so if you care about something , read the text and ignore the score . 
   or can nothing realistically be done ? 
  you had the same situation in libya , and now the intervention is attacked by all sides as imperialistic and colonial . 
  i 'm reminded of this quote often :, 
   americans in 1950 rediscovered something that since hiroshima they had forgotten : you may fly over a land forever ; you may bomb it , atomize it , pulverize it and wipe it clean of life -- but if you desire to defend it , protect it and keep it for civilization , you must do this on the ground , the way the roman legions did , by putting your young men in the mud . 
  hey !, 
  you 're the frozen girl from the video ama some time ago . 
  i agree as well . 
  now cover the whole zen arcade by h\u00fcsker d\u00fc . 
  ** now ** !, 
  * spooky scary *, 
   work at adobe, 
  you pretty much lost all our sympathy there . 
  here lies a story i 'll tell reddit one day . 
  and they hate leisure . 
  it 's my favorite blur album . 
  [ bang ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ntpbpym-fq&amp;feature=related ) .
