  it 's a website where you make your own audience , your own profile and you control your level of involvement . 
  do n't want to put your phone number or name ? 
  do n't . 
  do n't want to talk to that bitch who did n't even want to talk to you in high school ? 
  then do n't . 
  if you wan na stalk her pictures , just add her and block her , you wo n't even know she 's there . 
  i like facebook . 
  it 's the easiest way for me to share something with my friends and coworkers , it 's the simplest way to stay in touch with someone you usually would n't ( but wanted anyway ) and a great way to find local events and communicate with a group of friends online . 
  of course i do n't like their privacy policy and unexpected behaviour . 
  it 's aol if you want it to be , but it could be a great tool . 
  i 'm having seizures here , it 's enough to see dubbed german movies and shows , but songs ... ugh . 
  well you , me , and maybe 20-30 other people will . 
  good enough . 
  croatia , although it could be any of them . 
  i want one . 
  i also have no idea how to make one . 
  me too , but the joy some of them get out of correcting other people ( even for typos and small mistakes ) is pissing me off . 
  not being a jackass is a tough task for some of them . 
  chloe moretz is 13 , i repeat , chloe moretz is thirteen years of age . 
  being awesome . 
  he did it great . 
  why is reddit even showing that data ? 
   sexual children, 
  my name , date of birth and date of death . 
  no need for tacky symbols , pictures or poems . 
  depends , some music is made to be smart or otherwise important , while some is n't . 
  i could spend days just talking about how the hold steady can describe youth in boys and girls in america , how husker du can describe being lonely and lost in zen arcade , how nick cave and black sabbath have perfected the use of biblical images , without being christian . 
  then again i can listen to whatever nonsense some other bands can produce . 
  is it just me , or is he turning into rahm emanuel ? 
  does anyone know what site had a whole bunch of newspaper covers scanned from 9/11 ? 
  yes , i too become australian when i see fat people on treadmills . 
  is it possible that two different people have first.last and firstlast accounts ? 
  as a croat ... hell yes . 
  can somebody from the us enlighten me what are his stances ? 
  i know he 's socially liberal , fiscally conservative . 
  i read his great speech on the `` ground zero '' mosque , but do n't know much about him outside of that . 
  if the situation is like the article says : obama , palin and bloomberg , i would take the risk . 
  being wealthy might be his plus . 
  most comments here condone the posting of private information like the numbers or addresses . 
  at least the upvoted ones . 
  i guess reddit did good on this one . 
  it 's a cultural thing . 
  i 'm from croatia and grew up with viva , mtv in german , one national tv station is rtl so we have loads of german tv shows and i ca n't stand it . 
  not knowing the language and being exposed to it for too long , even in places i do n't want ... 
  on the other hand i like die artze and die toten hosen . 
  hahahaha ... noon . 
  i 'd love it if i would be up at noon . 
  i still have regular nightmares about markus kafka . 
  this subreddit should remove downvoting . 
   is n't europe suppose to have free tuition ? 
  europe is not one country and its countries have different educational and social systems that were linked just recently by the abortion called bologne process . 
  and cameron 's . 
  i support their cause , but i thought we ( the young ) were smarter than vandalism and violence . 
  it may be effective but i 'm sure that there are a load of other methods available which would pressure the government but wo n't a ) destroy anything , b ) physically hurt anyone . 
  i can understand a kid can be dumb and do something like this . 
  but not knowing what the cenotaph is ? 
  i live hundreds of miles away in another country but ca n't miss the reports about rememberance day . 
  excellent even . 
  hdz has a stable 30 % no matter what . 
  he could eat babies and nobody would care . 
   this one cat, 
  it works in opera , too . 
   boris is the only one who looks as if he realises what a total prat he looks , and how this will look in 20 years time . 
  he looks the same . 
  i have n't read it in a long time so i wo n't comment on what it is like today . 
  i heard rumours that the quality is n't like it used to be . 
  to be fair , amazon makes the ebook experience seamless and easy for the customer . 
  i buy an ebook on a kindle and can read it without hassle on my android phone or my pc . 
  but i agree , will my ebook be readable in 10 years ? 
  you see ... most black people are recent immigrants and a small percent is actually eligible to be elected , not being born here . 
  the us has black people for hundreds of years . 
  if i want to troll i can say that the us is conservative , with two women being candidates for vice presidents and only one being a serious party candidate . 
  in europe women are routinely presidents , prime ministers , secretaries of the toughest departments . 
  also , how many gay presidents did you have ? 
  how many of them were atheists ? 
  my country , with one of the largest percentage of catholics in the world , elected an agnostic president , and atheist pm and president , all in the last 10 years . 
  my linkedin too , even though i do n't think i had the same password . 
  oh god . 
  moj mikro , the a500 and cannon fodder . 
  this is my room some time ago . 
  any balkanfags getting nostalgia fits right now ? 
  i know i am . 
  i 'm not a fan of sf and fantasy , but dune seems cool ( movie and game fan ) . 
  where should i start ? 
   pulls in a huge audience of normal people and tells them , `` it 's ok to be smart '' ( even if you are only smart in one very narrow field ) . 
  mainstream viewers do n't see it that way . 
  notice that the smart characters get laughed at when , for instance , the talk something smart and complicated and penny does n't get it . 
  the geekiness of the show brings in only geeks , who are happy that there is something on tv that is catering to them . 
  but why are we settling for this little - i do n't know . 
  jasenovac was n't franciscan led , there was a sadist soldier there who was a priest , but that was an isolated case , far * far * from a church led camp . 
  also , it was based on nationality and religion , as was the rest of the holocaust ( poles were catholics and killed anyway ) . 
  a lot of anti-fascist of various religions were killed there too . 
  interesting , i was just thinking about a similar thing . 
  i was branded a devil yesterday when i said that i do n't support some local womans rights group fighting against domestic violence against women . 
  my argument was that i 'm against all violence and i would be glad to support a group that deals with every aspect of it , not only a niche gender defined one that the government is fighting anyway , since women are about 51 % of the population anyway . 
  nobody is fighting youth violence , there are no organisations against football hooligans , nobody is donating money to protect prostitutes against their pimps . 
  well , at least not where i live . 
  edit : what i meant to say was , some causes are appealing and sexy , while some are n't and because of that they are not talked about and do n't get support . 
  i despise all violence , including that against women . 
  i read your post three times now and i 'm still not sure what your point is .
