  i 'm not sure ... 
  probably californication from red hot chili peppers . 
  after that bssm and mothers milk . 
  when by the way was out i hated it , today i love it . 
  i 'm guessing i 'll like stadium arcadium in a couple of years . 
  yup . 
  there 's a terry fox run every year in zagreb , croatia , thousands of people attend , it 's pretty popular . 
  juno is a good movie . 
  it 's not great , it 's not bad , i 'll probably forget about it in a couple of years and that 's it . 
  the only reason we 're now discussing this is that it was slightly controversial and some people , like ebert , like it too much . 
  this is great news for you americans . 
  maybe all of your gay bashing fundamentalist crowd could move to uganda and make it their heaven on earth so you could live in your sodomy ridden hell alone . 
  no , you got ta call him ... * dialing 911 *, 
  i think we need internal affairs on this one . 
  must kill the prime minister of malaysia, 
  [ here 's ] ( http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/1f4cf7c4-ad5e-11de-9caf-00144feabdc0,dwp_uuid=a712eb94-dc2b-11da-890d-0000779e2340.html ) an excellent article about the same thing . 
  ok , as i 'm drunk now , there are four things that come to mind :, 
  1 ) run as hell . 
  2 ) be diplomatic , offer beer and explain to them that your a friendly guy . 
  3 ) turn rage mode on and hurt them , hurt them plenty . 
  4 ) make a joke out of it and suffer the pain out . 
  you 'll be in a world of hurt but if anyone saw this it would be a great story . 
  that 's what i did to some skinheads ... 
  although i did n't get beat up , everyone talks about the guy that said that he just loves bald guys sucking him off . 
  yes . 
  we have breached the old city wall !, 
  adobe hates everyone and everything on every platform and continent . 
  flash sucks on everything from my phone to my dual core pc . 
  i got an erection just by the thought that i might use the same social networking site as he is . 
  and i 'm hetero . 
  how much would that cost in the states ? 
  i have dental problems for years and had plenty of stuff done ( about 50 visits per year ) . 
  zero dollars . 
  that 's a nice room . 
  oh man , i ordered it for my sister just to fill up my amazon order ( i live in croatia and order from amazon.co.uk ) and it 's great . 
  the only problem is that the story starts only after a hundred pages . 
  because i do n't need one . 
  and i do n't believe in the basic premise that all people are good ... 
  when someone from the us says that he uses his weapon to defend himself , i wonder what 's keeping him from robbing me ? 
  so i got ta get a gun and live in fear ? 
  i 'd rather have the situation where people live well and have a fair set of social rules that would eliminate the need for most crimes , while a good police force can regulate the rest . 
  defense from the government ? 
  another us sentiment that is rarely seen anywhere else , interesting ... a fair percent of americans think that obama is evil and think the use of arms against him is their right . 
  the right to topple the government works both ways , not only the way you like . 
  person a thinks the government is tyranical , person b does n't think the same . 
  what do you get ? 
  a civil war . 
  and good luck fighting the largest war machine on earth . 
  the swiss are n't allowed to use their weapons in any situation except defense of the homeland and training for that . 
  the rifles and ammo they get are not the reason they have low crime , their social and economic policy is . 
  oh , ok . who decides if the government is corrupt ? 
  the tea party guys already think it is , so would you stop them in using arms against the government ? 
  the law was made in 2001 , and the czech republic had low crime levels before that , so guns have little or no influence on that . 
  also :, 
   despite the relatively liberal gun laws , guns are not especially popular in the czech republic, 
   the laws in the czech republic generally allow citizens to use weapons including firearms in self defense however , every incident is considered individually . 
  it is not clear whether a person can always use a gun to defend property/life , for example if the damage would not be greater than when a weapon is used . 
  the well known american style `` castle doctrine '' is also not applied, 
   since the czech republic is relatively a safe country , most people agree that they do not feel the need to permanently carry a gun for protection . 
  do you want me to start naming countries that have low crime and restrictive gun laws ? 
  * high five *, 
  i do n't know what i 'd do if bandic won . 
  i can easily get a gun . 
  the only difference is that i have more background checks and more talking with the cops than you . 
  and the important difference - i do n't want one . 
  i feel safe walking the streets at night , so is my sister , my girlfriend , nearly all of my friends . 
  it 's the culture and history , and not guns that do this . 
  the church got involved ... heavily . 
  priests were openly calling for the other candidate ( classic populist : ex-communist and socialist and now god fearing family man with tons of corruption affairs on his back ) and saying that voters have to prevent communism and godlessness from comming back . 
  glad it did n't work , since more than 60 % of the voters made it clear what they want . 
  45 minutes waiting to vote in mostar ... 
  i 'm not sure anyone in zagreb would wait more than 5 . 
  i reviewed it a couple of months ago . 
  it 's not unbreakable , nothing is , but it 's on a high standard for a mobile phone . 
  among the things i did with it :, 
  - played baseball ( phone was the ball ), 
  - played football ( soccer if you will ), 
  - hammered a nail, 
  - took a bath, 
  - threw it from my roof ( 3 floors ), 
  it survived and i was impressed . 
  i 'm fat and ugly , but wear non pretencious clothes my size . 
  i do n't judge people by what they wear but how they wear it , because this girl looks awful , and not because she 's fat . 
  if only , i think i 'm better than her only because i know how to act in public . 
  her clothes are several numbers too small , and then to top it off she presents herself as an `` upgrade '' . 
  i 'd react the same if it were other , non appropriate , clothes in question . 
  yes we do . 
  but some want to turn this around to a hot/ugly , man/woman , fat/slim fight , while i like to see it as tacky vs. normal . 
  i never understood the problem with cnn on reddit . 
  sure , it 's not the best network around , but with fox news around cnn looks great . 
  at least the international edition ( i 'm not from the us ), 
  sex on the beach . 
  tape a sex doll on you , wear flip flops , a towel and a hawaian shirt . 
  occasionally hump the doll . 
  it 's not always efficiency that matters , but fairness and freedom . 
  private enterprises work only for a profit and will often disregard its customers to get to it . 
  which is n't a problem if they 're in the toilet seat industry , but is in health care . 
  that 's why some essencial services have to be in the hands of a higher authority , that has the customer/taxpayer in mind , not just money . 
  fuck her mother ,, 
  but seriously , living well is the best revenge .
