   as far as i know , the people in croatia and bosnia are much more hostile towards serbs , and each other ( my sources may be biased though ) . 
  it really depends . 
  i 've got friends from serbia , i listen to idoli , riblja corba and others ... 
  there are idiots on both sides and that 's where the problem is . 
  some of us can move away from the war , some ca n't . 
  but on the other hand i do n't blame people who have problems with serbs , or croats . 
  plenty of shit happened and not everyone can forget it . 
  fuck you ace combat 6 !, 
  a 45 minute mission that you ca n't save . 
  you could n't skip it the first time , only after that . 
  interesting . 
  i was streaming music on my phone in 2003 while playing 3d games ... must be that i had a special , magical phone . 
  or just bought an unlocked phone for a higher price and did with it what ever the hell i wanted . 
  vote with your dollars . 
  yes . 
  move from one calendar year to another . 
  turkey ? 
  even the most optimistic politicians do n't think that the next 10 years are a realistic timeframe for turkey 's entrance in the union . 
  and the article ignores croatia and other balkan countries which seek to enter as early as 2012 . 
  `` you have all the predispositions to be a musician : you 're intelligent and more or less sucked in school '', 
  i had a couple of models years ago , when palm was actually good . 
  hp was the first to actually integrate wifi and bluetooth so that it 's practical , same with the touchscre ... oh , the * other * pda . 
  cool . 
  yeah . 
  whatever . 
  yes , when he threatened to kill may with a shovel . 
  fun show . 
  croatia is actually on a good way , and has the support of most eu countries , on the condition that we handle a couple of urgent issues . 
  2012 is a realistic goal and we 'll probably end up as the last country to enter the eu before some serious reforms take place . 
  about turkey ... 
  i 'm not sure on that . 
  from a basic point of view , i support them , but only after deep reforms and a big change of mentality . 
  the answer i was looking for , 
  most western european countries have , and since 1989 even more , distanced themselves from us influence and formed another superpower which you may heard of - european union . 
   - america now has a proxy in europe . 
  now ? 
  try [ hundreds of years ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_kingdom_\u2013_united_states_relations ), 
  that 's the minimal figure . 
  although the us is the main force behind isaf , in per capita terms some countries give a lot of soldiers . 
  not to mention that there are as many contractors as there are soldiers . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_security_assistance_force#contributing_nations ) a chart . 
  but that 's afghanistan . 
  iraq is almost exclusively a us battle . 
  the eu is superpower , but without the need to prove that with military power . 
  it lacks consensus in foreign policy , but in every other field it is equal or superior the the us . 
  it is first a political and economic union , and second a superpower . 
   the greek debt situation has the potential to unravel the entire eurozone expansion, 
  huh ? 
  the greek financial problem is an internal affair in which greece is certainly not alone , in the current economic situation many countries are experiencing similar difficulties which are n't connected to an organization like the eu . 
  fight club has great replay value , you notice new stuff every time . 
  but i watch snatch , pulp fiction and high fidelity every couple of weeks just because i love them so much . 
  it keeps me relaxed to watch something extremely predictable ( since i saw them hundreds of times ) and still get a laugh out of it . 
  yes . 
  i watch all british movies with subtitles because i never know when a batch of cockney , pikey or whatever is coming up . 
  but it 's ok , i relied on them before i knew english so they do n't bother me . 
  on a side note , brad pitt 's performance is magnificient . 
  the man is a good actor first and a celebrity second . 
  i do n't get the origin of this , but i love this meme and it cracks me up ever time . 
  that is all . 
  i was n't thinking about a unified force ( which is far , * far * down the road ) , but the us/russia imperialistic style of using military forces as foreign policy tools . 
  the eu , as a single entity , has only a couple of overseas military missions and they are mostly peacekeeping or support missions . 
  as single nations , some have been involved in agressive operations ( uk , spain , poland etc in iraq , if you count afghanistan , france in ex colonies ) , but they mostly keep to themselves , unlike other superpowers . 
  some sources say that there were more than a million dead from the war . 
  half of iraq 's children are orphans . 
  two million refugees . 
  i 'd say 200 000 is a conservative estimate . 
  thank you . 
  pikeys or subtitles ? 
  or dags ? 
  i have respect for anyone that got into a position that high , where you need to prove your knowledge and worth . 
  do n't know about you , but i 'm not surrounded by people like that on a daily basis . 
   i explained that it was gifts from the internet, 
  if i was in a similar situation , i just would n't know how to explain this to my mom . 
  [ some music ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nbcy1fky8ro ) to listen to while reading this . 
  `` forget it man, 
  we 're coming after you, 
  we have no political beliefs, 
  we do n't want your fucking money, 
  there 's just one thing that motivates us, 
  we hate your fucking guts '', 
   if you have nothing to hide, 
  probably her penis . 
  do n't you think that with official profiling of muslims the potential terrorists would mask themselves better ? 
  i mean , if i was the hr guy in al qaeda inc. 
  i 'd get a guy with white skin , no muslim family in the last two generations , fat , and a liberal arts major . 
  although this suspiciously sound like me , i 've never been screened on an airport and the last thing people see in me is a terrorist . 
  basement dweller is probably the first . 
  i find your excess of mercy disturbing . 
  i 'm not sure it would be . 
  socialism and communism are very interesting and in essence noble political , social and economic systems , but its implementation was bad and instead of interpreting it in a different way , fixing some flaws , most countries just screwed it all up became opressive . 
  what 's more interesting to me is the communist revolution . 
  when , if ever , will we get a new system that will cause such a turmoil and with such influence ? 
  is democracy as we know it the end of the way ? 
  as a former usenet user , i lurked around 4-5 months . 
  first it was only the front page , then pics and some other subreddits , then then comments became more interesting than the links so i registered so i could upvote great comments . 
   redditor for 12 months, 
  but no 1 year club badge :(, 
  finished high school , got into college , got a great girlfriend , got a load of great gadgets , made decent money on a steady job ... 
  but i still have a feeling that the year sucked . 
  could you do me a favour and tell me how much does a half a liter of budweiser cost in a store like tesco ?
