  the plans i looked at include attacking aa capabilities and airports with cruise missiles ( which syria ca n't really knock out ) so there 's no need to shoot planes from the sky since they wo n't get much chance to start flying . 
  all of the missiles and equipment quoted can be launched from outside syria . 
  the first strike should require 12x f-15e and f-18e and three tomahawk launching ships . 
  the second just ships ( 109 rockets ) and additional maintenance strikes 12 aircraft and a ship . 
  there are no plans for a land invasion and no way the us would sent troops . 
  they do n't have the political power , public support or any chance ... jihadist groups in syria are afraid they 'll get a piece of us strikes , so there 's no way americans would fight with them side by side . 
   you do n't need a source for this . 
  yes i do , because i 've read that syria 's mig-29 's have very low availability , and even more i stated that one of the first things an attack would do is disable airfields and aa systems . 
  that destroys any air superiority syria may have . 
  and they do n't . 
   where are all these ships and planes coming from ? 
  two carrier groups ( nimitz and truman ) , five other ships in the med . 
  that 's already about 80 jets . 
  other than that the f-16 's in jordan , incirlik and izmir afb 's , the us asked for access to two bases in greece , and that is all without british bases on cyprus and the b-2 's in diego garcia . 
  i 've got a recent source on all of this if you want . 
   as i just said to the last chest beating ` merican you have, 
  i 'm not an american so i do n't have anything in this fight . 
   the last usaf attack against syria in the 1980s, 
  30 year old fights really make no difference in this case . 
  and if you insist on taking the past as example , this is the same bekka valley where the israelis downed 80-ish syrian fighters and they lost only 19 , zero of them from air-to-air combat ? 
   finally if you recall the syrians downed that turkish f 15 last year . 
  which does n't mean that all of the arms came from croatia . 
  this vote was about iraq and blair , not syria and cameron . 
  look at the comments on / r/worldnews and other subreddits , the main comparison is with iraq and the failed campaign there , that has little to do with the situation in syria . 
  people are projecting their fear of a bloody 10 year invasion on a limited bombing campaign that ca n't make the bloody war any bloodier than it already is . 
  like you , i 'm far from a hawk and protested my share of wars , but i 'm not a pacifist and the lesson i got from iraq was n't `` ignore bloodshed and cw , it 's not your business '' . 
  does anyone have details about the votes ? 
  fuck you on behalf of all the students that got punished all of the time because their humor and joking got them expelled , depressed and humiliated at an age where they do n't know better . 
  i 've lived through hell because of teachers that though punishing was better than educating . 
  examples like me are one in a hundred but that does n't mean i deserved it . 
  great post . 
  i always saw new england as the town from gilmore girls ( team lorelai ! ), 
  and i 'd like to visit some day . 
  you are comparing states to countries , and ignore the fact that european countries have immense differences inside them as well . 
  my small country has dialects that are practically a different language , ski resorts and sandy beaches , rocky mountains and wheat fields , urbanized cities and ancient roman arenas , all in a few hours drive . 
  any evidence that it was or just speculation ? 
  source ? 
  the massive nsa datacenter would n't come close to any top 10 center in the world . 
  is it because of communism or the fact that they were federations ? 
  a lot of black people came to eastern europe to study . 
  i can only confirm that yugoslavia educated scores of africans and asians , mostly due to the non-aligned movement . 
  at least in croatia there 's a pretty good bus network . 
  if you 're going from any major city just visit your local bus terminal and take a ticket to anywhere . 
  i 'm in zagreb and almost exclusively travel with buses , since i hate trains and the network is n't that great . 
  additionally , franco signed the pact of madrid , a practical military alliance with the us in 1953 . 
  spain got aid and training and the us use of spain 's bases . 
  hearts of iron , prvi nastavak . 
   we are a small nation, 
  as a foreigner , it 's a bit hard to understand this sentiment i hear a lot from the british , whether it 's the olympics results or just being small or poor , things i see a lot from brits on reddit . 
  the uk is the fourth biggest arms spender in the world , has the fifth navy and not mention that it is one of five un permanent security council members , one of eight recognized nuclear powers and voted most powerful soft power in the world . 
  oh and the sixth richest country . 
  so no . 
   `` sweden the last thing you need is more muslims ... '', 
  yup , that 's racism . 
  in yugoslavia most people went to the seaside or lakes / mountains , usually during summer . 
  croatian and slovenian middle class were wealthy enough to build summer homes , but most workers got a week or two off at a vacation complex their company owned . 
  i remember getting an extremely cheap room or bungalow at a hotel my mom 's company owned . 
  wealthier companies even had real hotels , like the ones western tourists visited . 
  poorer folks used nearby rivers and lakes . 
  winter vacations were reserved for people who lived near a winter resort or had enough money to go to austria or slovenia for a week . 
  part of the vacation ritual was going to graz or trieste for shopping , but such trips mostly lasted just a day . 
  m.rtl.hr / article / ? article-id = 6025, 
  \u010cuo sam da je to mit . 
  football fans are the basis of nationalism in both countries and in serbia mix in more violence , connections with political and criminal groups and you get this . 
  notice i said `` more '' . 
  i hate both of them , but nobody ever got killed over football in croatia . 
  please do . 
  i do n't want to get into any nationalist debates since i 'm no patriot and croatia is worse than serbia in a lot of things , but football violence is a lot milder here than over there . 
  i was with you until you mistook `` powerful , only superpower left , in their own interest and to fuck our enemies '' with `` brave enough '' . 
  i know but by your post i 'm not sure you do . 
  i very much agree . 
  the guy is great in my book , but he mentioned iraq and afghanistan , two fuckups that were massive invasions with hundreds of thousands of troops on the ground , and fails to mention libya . 
  libya , which was cheap , efficient and with minimized collateral damage . 
  look up what plans there are for syria , they 're practically the same and follow the obama doctrine of using small forces and remote strikes , not massive invasions . 
   all the other members of the royal family were to be shipped off to canada if the invasion looked imminent . 
  was n't roosevelt against this because he feared that would start a new british empire on the continent ? 
  yup , my parents used that argument for years when they wanted to ban me from going into the woods . 
  i remember when the bomblets fell . 
  scary shit . 
   germany made a similar recovery after 1945 , and while there were no reparations then, 
  there were . 
  not the same scale as after wwi , but germany had to pay billions in territory , equipment and cash . 
  were they right in the end ? 
  what went differently than it should ? 
  it depends . 
  some artists make music for the sake of making money or just ... 
  i dunno ... `` making people dance '' . 
  that kind of performers can sell their music out for all i care , because the main goal of their songs is just purely to be listened to . 
  on the other hand , if an artist has a message that should evoke a feeling , that makes a bond between the listener and performer and overt commercialism can compromise it . 
  not to mention that a lot of bands have various anti-commercial messages so a deal like that would be hypocritical . 
  you 're saying this like out of hundreds of other models no other is sturdy , has a nice touchpad or looks nice . 
  my job ( among other things ) is reviewing laptops and although macbooks are nice , the moment you factor in price they fall below better lenovo or toshiba models , maybe even hps and dells , depending on the configuration . 
  there are awesome laptops out there , but most macbook buyers i 've seen would n't buy one even if they were the best things on the market . 
  why ? 
  branding . 
  a mac is a mac , a lenovo is a chinese business machine , a dell your mom 's pc . 
  i 'll bet that in most cases it comes down to the glowing apple on the cover . 
  it depends what the model is since hp is notorious for having a shitload of skus . 
  i once ordered an older pavilion for a test and got six different versions of the same laptop . 
  i usually do n't trust non-business or non-expensive hps .
