  edit : i did n't find any bases on the list in [ kosovo ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bondsteel ) , iraq , afghanistan , kyrgystan , portugal ... 
  so much for credibility . 
  i like how everybody puts fugazi in a different genre , mostly because of the mackaye connection . 
  it seems you are mistaken sir , cuil is already released . 
  just out of curiosity , what country was it ? 
   two weeks later i got a little reminder of our encounter !, 
  better than nine months later . 
   they are excellent for classes , but they just have some major performance issues with things like high-quality internet video , which is a must in college . 
  please elaborate . 
  i 've been lucky , the most memorable things are the waiting rooms . 
  there had been uncomfortable experiences , but none of them were terrible . 
  hair, 
  inb4 dirty hippie, 
  why the downvotes ? 
  fugazi really is often put into genres they do n't belong . 
  i 'm surprised that italy , as a part of the civilised world , would elect such an idiot more than once . 
  the us would never fall into that trap . 
   creep free . 
  then you 're not watching the good stuff . 
  thanks . 
  i do n't care about downmods per se , it 's the idea that people do n't agree with what i said . 
  it is a fact that many people put fugazi anywhere between hardcore , punk , emo , alternative rock and post rock . 
  i was just commenting on that . 
  it has nothing to do with chinese economic reforms , reducing ideology in economic policy and turning to a market economy . 
  the clintons did it . 
  [ the doors - the end ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qhfk1ykfigo ) . 
  nothing more appropriate . 
  opera . 
  i 've got two weeks left . 
  i 'm thinking is there something i should have done in high school but did n't . 
  a list will be made . 
  he ran over a kitten . 
  hungarian and finnish belong to their own language group . 
  kyuss recorded something like five ( awesome ) albums , the same as qotsa . 
  you must have a small collection ? 
  btw , if you already do n't listen to them , i recommend : slo burn , hermano , unida , mondo generator and fu manchu . 
   mandatory military service up to 12 months for all male citizen under 30y of age . 
  i 'm the first generation of people in my country not to go to the army , and i 'm happy for that . 
  but the thing is that a country like finland is in a delicate geopolitical situation , and it 's defense strategy revolvs around total defense , so the compulsary army service is very important . 
  there 's nothing wrong with that . 
  desert sessions are more advanced and have only a few songs that are similar to the desert / stoner rock experience of kyuss . 
  i recommend it too , but only after fu manchu and others . 
  for me , the period would be around the late 80 's until the mid 90 's , somewhere in the us . 
  nirvana , pixies , sonic youth , metallica 's best days , kyuss , rem , pearl jam , guns n ' roses ... 
  the second one would be somewhere around 1965 to 1971 in san francisco or new york . 
  unlike the first case , these really were very exciting times , and watching hair too many times has made its impact on me . 
  probably because he lives there ... or just knows elementary geography and / or history . 
  [ crosby , stills , nash and young ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_avrzcyvvqi ) did a great song on the theme , but what it 's worth comes to mind too . 
  i hate this subreddit , five minutes after opening this link i 'm stuck in an endless limbo of random wikipedia pages . 
  [ proof ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ugro_finnic ) , for the downmodding asshole who has a problem with a pure fact . 
  i 'm planning to come to the blocade one day to show support . 
  see you there . 
  something that americans will never admit . 
  flabbergasted is a cool word . 
  thousands , not hundreds . 
  edit : sorry , i read that too fast and got confused . 
  thanks , i was reading that way too fast . 
  upmodded for charlie brooker . 
  on a different note , i met the woman who sang plavalaguna 's stuff in the 5th element . 
  / how cool am i ? 
  worked out for me . 
  i 've got long hair and i love it , but on the first sign of balding i 'm going on the [ rob halford look ] ( http://images.tribe.net/tribe/upload/photo/3d1/65e/3d165ebf-17ee-4e94-9106-d35086df234a ) , minus the gay . 
  it 's called the vibrator . 
  at least you did n't go to cancer support meeting . 
  that guy obviously never played killhouse with 18 people on it . 
  pure madness . 
  as a kid during the war , but i do n't remember it that good , and once an old lady died on the other side of the street . 
  more disturbing is what happened to me the other day : i was waiting for the tram and glanced to the display for a second to see when will the next tram come , and just then some old lady got her coat jammed in the door and the tram pulled her for about 10 meters . 
  i called the ambulance and waited for the police , and it turns out i 'm the only witness - the lady says one thing ( what i said ) and the tram driver something else . 
  the thing is i did n't saw what happened but i know the woman is in the hospital with heavy injuries without anybody confirming her story . 
  had to say it somewhere ... 
  i 'm a croat , and i sometimes get the whole patriotism thing , mostly after a succesful sport event . 
  the thing is i always remember this excellent quote and quickly forget about my newly found patriotism :, 
   patriotism is your conviction that this country is superior to all others because you were born in it . 
  george bernard shaw, 
  i loved winmx . 
  at least you 're not a shithead . 
  a couple of nokia phones have them , n95 being the most popular . 
  i reviewed it when it came out , i remember writing that it was the best camera in a smartphone in his time . 
  it is crap if you want it to be . 
  but if you 're like 90 % of the people who will use it to upload drunk pictures to facebook and take a picture of that really big spider ... 
  it 's a massive overkill . 
  i made just a couple of photos when i had it , more than a year ago , but here they are :, 
  ( edited only to remove personal info ), 
  no , my dad went . 
  i kept it because he had beautiful things to say about norway . 
  i 'm kind of a big deal . 
  in my country we can choose from ethics or religion study in elementary and high school . 
  only fools and horses, 
   the only phone beyond a basic mobile i 've owned has been the iphone . 
  i 'll give you a fairly objective take on it . 
   the web browser is the best i 've ever seen on a mobile . 
  think about that again . 
  heh , all of the things you said , wm can do . 
  i 'm not endorsing any os ( everyone of them has it 's own qualities ) , but wm is customisable as it gets , it has exchange support ( ms made it , right ? ), 
  and has support for a wide variety of games and software , so you are not limited . 
  why the disclamer then ? 
  anyway , i disagree with your opinion on the browser , opera mobile is really a couple of classes better , and that 's without mentioning skyfire and the rest of them . 
  i used literary hundreds of phones and probably every smartphone commercialy available and safari on the iphone really does n't seem all that special . 
  i really think the e71 is currently the best smartphone around .
