  it was the only website i knew back then and it was n't all that bad , still have the e-mail address i made that day although i do n't use it out of shame . 
  i 'm having beer and greasy food while watching house of cards and having a great time . 
  [ and here it is with context so it makes some sense ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/4chan/comments/17rvlu/from_my_personal_collection_of_b_choice_threads/c88fud5 ), 
  also they can sell the show to other countries that do n't have netflix . 
  maybe even other networks in six months or something . 
  this is reddit , you would be a creep not to be attracted to a teenage girl . 
  yugoslavia had a dictator , one party rule and all that , but it is n't fair to put it in the generic `` eastern europe '' basket . 
  yugoslavs had a higher standard , they could travel and work outside of the country , and near the end there was more market economy . 
  culture was very rich , the punk/new wave scenes were one of the strongest in europe , and movies were very respected abroad . 
  a lot of it was subversive but still managed to get published . 
  your post and website pushed me closer to doing it myself . 
  i manage a couple of personal fb pages and build websites and my colleagues on linkedin most frequently endorse my social media skills even though i 'm primarily a journalist . 
  i want to learn stuff like that . 
  that 's the whole point . 
  we see the cheesy awful videos and think they are taking it serious - they must be crazy , right ? 
  the more we think they are nuts and unpredictable , the more they gain . 
  it 's just a thought i had , not really backed up with facts , but i can see the advantage . 
  if nk acted somewhat rationally we would know they do n't pose a huge threat , the same way we know russia or india do n't . 
  but this way the randomly shell sk , sink a ship here and there , make outlandish statements and just generally act nutty and here we are thinking `` what the hell are they gon na do next ? '', 
  and a lot of people are genuinely afraid of their rash actions . 
  giving them aid and tolerating hissy fits . 
   but it would probably be alongside multi-national sanctions that would severely cripple north korea . 
  not likely . 
  nk is under heavy sanctions right now and anything bigger would n't cripple them , only fuck them some more . 
  a military response is guaranteed . 
  ask in / r/croatia , we 're a nice bunch . 
  the average pay in croatia after tax is a bit over 1000 usd . 
  nora zivi kucu do moje i nisam nista karme za to zaradio . 
  some redditors love using the `` mental issues '' defense . 
  people killing other people for instance , they are n't fueled by a violent culture , failed drug war , easy access to weapons and poor socioeconomic status , no sir !, 
  they just have mental issues . 
  unless sony and microsoft pay them copious amounts of cash . 
  it may be too much for just one of them to swallow , especially sony . 
  ie really is n't shit anymore . 
  the first half way overwhelming , just too much stuff . 
  the second half sold me . 
  if they have enough space to grow it could be an awesome show . 
  did anybody ever even mention a ground invasion ? 
  it 's pretty much impossible . 
  iran is n't iraq . 
  it 's iraq times 10 . 
  the population , army , equipment , will to fight , demographics , foreign policy ... a load of stuff makes it impossible . 
  that 's why the us is aiming for regime change and internal struggle , not invasion . 
  us strategy documents suggest the us will be budgeted and equipped for a lot of smaller missions using special forces and air strikes , not large scale invasions . 
  the us is n't ready for this . 
  it 's a digital snitch . 
  he answered it in his first ama . 
  aaa games cost 10 times that . 
  minecraft is just a blip of an exception on that rule . 
  the revenge thing from 7 psychopaths was great . 
  i never see ads on reddit and spend hours and hours here . 
  this place gave me more laughs , knowledge and fun than any other on the web . 
  spending a couple of bucks on an additional service to support it really is n't a big deal and if i had paypal i would do it in a heartbeat . 
  and yes , reddit does need the money . 
  they already said that gold gave them the chance to hire staff they previously could n't to keep everything running . 
  not for long . 
  south korea wanted to react a couple of times now but always restrained because of us pressure . 
  it 's just a matter of time when they respond to shelling with air strikes . 
  why do some people try it a couple of times ? 
  just a note , an isbn is free in a lot of countries . 
  i made a request for mine an hour ago . 
  jebanje . 
  one of the main principles of reddit is that subreddits are owned by their mods , not the community or admins . 
  whoever was the first to make obvious stuff like / r/movies or / r/music is pretty lucky . 
  well he * did * overcome not having both legs . 
  there was one episode where it really looked like his flat . 
  she plays an instrument, 
  one of the best museums i 've been to . 
  right next to the imperial war museum in london . 
  most people here say london , stockholm and copenhagen , but i adore all of them . 
  sure , things are expensive but by smart planning everything can work out and all three of them are wonderful cities to live in . 
  the alternative is micropayment on every step . 
  yes , people should pay for their grandfathers sins . 
  your simplistic interpretation of history is not only dumb but offensive . 
  there were both croat and serbian puppet regimes during wwii , and there was a massive resistance that made yugoslavia the only country in wwii to liberate itself . 
  ask anyone but the serbs what they thought about the us intervention in the balkans and then report back . 
  it ended three wars and stopped a genocidal dictator . 
  there are 33 mentions of nutella just in the top 500 comments . 
  j mascis and frank black collaboration you say ? 
  bok sused . 
  nobody ever expects a war and nobody thinks one is coming . 
  wars happen despite nuclear weapons , like wilson ward pointed out with examples of yom kippur and falklands wars . 
  in the first case israel had every reason to consider using a nuclear weapon and sadat/assad just brushed it aside - deterrence did n't work . 
  those planes are a deterrence because they are simpler to use and do n't come with the nuclear stigma . 
  if the us has 2:1 fighter parity with ... china , iran , whoever , they wo n't be eager to attack because they know they will lose . 
   once america has dried the middle east up , and brought enough ` freedom ' to the region , we will see either an end to large scale warfare, 
  you have an extremely limited view . 
  people said the same thing after vietnam or the wars to end all wars ( wwi and wwii ) but there is no way to anticipate threats that far into the future . 
  9/11 , fall of the berlin wall and soviet union were some of the biggest geopolitical events in the last 20-something years and nobody expected them . 
  the life cycle of the plane is about 40 years , can you say with certainty that there wo n't be big conflicts in the next 40 years ? 
  let me remind you that the last 40 had the vietnam war , two gulf wars , operations against serbia , libya ( twice ) and other smaller operations . 
  i would n't call it insignificant , they are pretty important because of the constant tantrums , nuclear weapons and large army . 
  the zagreb pride is had 5000 attendants with zero incidents and less security than the year before . 
  marching in the gay pride is n't anything violent or special anymore . 
  at the same time it 's safe in zagreb . 
  what color should the country be then ? 
  this is a us-centric article , because a lot of countries regulate filming in public . 
  in some european countries you ca n't photograph people and even some objects in public . 
  why ? 
  i 'm just wondering , because most people go into the advertisement camp , where they prefer not paying for anything to get content .
