  thanks . 
  sure . 
  i sent you a pm . 
  you 're old enough and swedish , right ? 
  can you tell us what was the mood when chernobyl happened ? 
  sweden got a lot of radiation , right after the ussr . 
  hansel . 
  so hot right now . 
  a source on that ? 
  i thought it was common knowledge that women make less . 
  but because women do jobs that are paid less ? 
  croatia has a mcdonalds , as the map shows , we recently got a kfc , but subway and costa coffee failed , scaring starbucks and burger king away . 
  mcd is popular so i have no idea what 's going on here . 
  crosspost this to / r/kindle . 
  seriously . 
  a lot of countries have cheap and excellent fast food , that does n't mean mcdonalds would n't work there . 
  it looks like i 'll take the bus  train solution . 
  i 'll be in copenhagen in the same time both ways . 
  is that carpooling ? 
  you guys will defend absolutely anybody . 
  `` madonna is a role model , she should act like it '' , right here on / r/music . 
  i 'm aware of that , but the flight nearest to my arrival is in 18:20 ( the most expensive one ) so i 'll be in copenhagen in 20h . 
  the flight that way is 615 dkk , the flight back 514 dkk which makes it more expensive than the train . 
  i 'll have to see with my friend . 
  the flight is a great option , but it 's expensive . 
  [ some ] ( http://www.foreignpolicy.com/articles/2012/03/19/fire_when_ready?page=full ) suggest that the strikes are completely legal . 
   a rotating disco light, 
  what 's that thing called ? 
  two flaws i see in that . 
  direct democracy mostly does n't work , and sales of newspapers ca n't be a metric for political orientation of a whole nation . 
  it 's british . 
  the second largest coffee chain in the world . 
  they overtook starbucks in the uk . 
  huh . 
  reddit cheered a couple of weeks ago when a guy killed two muggers . 
  it was quite disgusting reading the comments . 
  why am i seeing a completely different approach here ? 
  is it because the kid was black ? 
  am i reading something wrong ? 
  he attacked the paranoid guy and the guy killed him , right ? 
  not to mention our precious bodily fluids . 
  newsflash : life sucks for most of humanity . 
  good thing she has that austrian doctor to inform her it is in fact not . 
  there are australians everywhere . 
  yugoslavia will sue you know !, 
  it could , but trayvon did n't really look fat or muscular . 
  i am trying to creat one named / r/exyu and was hoping i could use this banned one . 
  what ? 
  the razr was a piece of shit that saved motorola from destruction , so they milked that cow for years to come . 
  the only thing it had for it was looks . 
  people who knew shit about phones enjoyed a 3g phone with dual cameras , memory cards , video and mp3 playback , multitasking , native applications and comfortable web surfing at the same time . 
  is there a way to do this without photoshop skills ? 
  i 've been trying and failing for the last hour . 
  from wikipedia :, 
   however , gypsy is far better known than romani , ( it is also a legal term under english law see caravan sites and control of development act 1960 and commission for racial equality v dutton 1989 ) and is not commonly understood to be insulting by non-romani -- thus while it may cause offense , it is often not intended to cause offense . 
  further , some romani organizations use gypsy to refer to themselves . 
  i know that 30 rock relies on guest actors too much , but i freaking love them . 
  i 'm sure reddit will find something to bitch about , eventually . 
  hey backblaze people , will you do an ama ? 
  i 've got some questions concerning my location , my upload speeds etc. 
  there is a niche that rim can fill and ensure a longterm survival , but they have to admit defeat and prepare for a few rough years . 
  i see two options . 
  sell the hardware division and make bes and bis the standars for e-mail on all platforms . 
  the other is continue to make business phones , but do n't venture far out . 
  do what you do best and prepare for a small market . 
  on the moon she would be called olivia moon . 
  til a bunch of redditors suddenly realise that they eat up whatever the media serves them . 
  i would be ashamed to post some of these `` omg iran is n't a desolate desert '' comments . 
  i was in london for two and a half days . 
  i still spent hours to get to and find battersea power station . 
  not just because i love animals , but because the building is so monumentally amazing and grand . 
  just fascinating . 
   rainy day fund, 
  you live in england ? 
  dude . 
  we 're talking hundreds of millions . 
  you do n't have to invest shit . 
  is this rulings or judges ? 
  nyt is the most interesting . 
  very strong in some states , blank in others . 
  i would guess psywar.org, 
  get ready for an e-mail from michael bay . 
  good . 
  tunisia was one of the most liberal arab countries before the arab spring . 
  i hope they continue their secual tradition . 
   nederland - 3,8 mln, 
  quote on that ? 
  wikipedia says 301 thousand total deaths . 
  is n't there a similar movie or series ? 
  i did n't understand that part . 
  will this be a fictional fox news for lefties ? 
  i do n't know what yosemite is . 
  unless he was talking about the national park . 
   of course , japan 's neighbors have n't forgotten japan 's past ... also rightly so . 
  unlike germany , japan never fully renounced its former ways . 
  it 's a shame because their history is still an issue with their neighbours . 
  that 's because the protests were never against him . 
  they were against the prime minister . 
  love them . 
  saw tunnan and draken in austria , and the rest in sweden .
