  [ safety dance ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xfhpp-4i60e ) of course . 
  only one rickroll in the whole thread ... 
  i do n't know if i 'm dissapointed or happy . 
  crap ... 
  i just learned how to walk like an egyptian and now this ? 
  with all those damn time travelers killing him , somebody needs to save him . 
  a similar thing happened to me for a u2 ( not for me , for my sister , i swear ! ), 
  show with another ticket provider . 
  the thing is they charged me 8 tickets and i got the maximum of four . 
  why the hell is reddit forcing me to read serbian and german subreddits on my front page ? 
  mobile reddit is really bad as it is , and now this ? 
  you do n't need an iphone , g1 or any smartphone . 
  almost any phone with a data plan is good enough , even the cheap ones . 
  like christmas , i do n't look at that as a religious thing , but as a chance for family and friends bonding and celebrating ... present or something . 
  like many atheists , i was baptised but i do n't care about it today . 
  what i do care is my godfather and the bond we have because of that . 
  you can have it without the baptism , but if you do n't believe in it , it ca n't hurt you . 
  i thought about something similar the other day . 
  to get citizenship you have to pledge some kind of allegiance to the country , right ? 
  so how can you give your allegiance to two countries ? 
  screenwipe rules . 
  mention over 9000 dicks and become a / b / hero . 
  i was looking for that !, 
  thanks . 
  not really famous , but i had my moment of infamy when i was sued 5-6 years ago for something that would be considered activism in the us . 
  my nick was in the papers and until this day people ask me am i him . 
  also , i work in a well read magazine so my picture and name are inside frequently . 
  uh , so many things to see ... [ plitvice ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/plitvice ) , [ hvar ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hvar ) , [ dubrovnik ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dubrovnik ) ( preferably out of season , because of the tourists ) and [ zagreb ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zagreb ) which is great during the summer . 
  there is little or no traffic , and the old part of the city ( gornji grad ) is full of romantic and mysterious streets , with cafes and restaurants mixed in a couple of centuries old buildings . 
  there is really too much to reccomend , ask me more precisely what would you like to see / experience and i 'll answer . 
  it 's \u0160ibenik ( sibenik ) . 
  you 're right , i 'm just in love with zagreb during the summer , and it would be pricey to leave the coast just for that . 
  beach resort ? 
  hm , probably brac would be your thing . 
  if you 'll have time , visit kornati , and as i said , plitvice really is a must . 
  i 'm not a fish person so i reccomend local food like lamb , prosciutto ( i hope it 's the right spelling ) and cheese . 
  basically , you ca n't miss if you try the local food . 
  jim ? 
  i fell thru a 40 centimeter opening between two walls , both unfinished and full of wires sticking out . 
  it was one story high ( about 3 meters ) and while i fell on my back i was on my knees in the gutter , without even a scratch . 
  in croatia we use something like ... `` svaki supak to ima '' . 
  it means : `` every asshole has it '' in a sense everybody can have it . 
  opera . 
  i tried using firefox , chrome and ie , but in my mind nothing can replace opera . 
  others are foobar and trilian, 
  almost all high schools in croatia have logic classes two times a week . 
  aw man , where i live you get paid education and books , but only less than 3000 dollars a year . 
  you have to serve double the time in the military than you did in school . 
  ever watched high fidelity ? 
  if you love rock n roll , lose 20 minutes and watch this . 
  probably the worst way to die ... 
  in a police acadamy t-shirt . 
  some people really hated zoolander , i loved it . 
  actually , i can understand my parents not liking it . 
  it really is n't a movie for everybody . 
  he killed it , alright . 
  but , was it an american classic ? 
  i had two root canals done , three fillings and a dosen deep gum cleanings . 
  zero dollars , eastern europe . 
  oh i wish , i have a genetic predisposition for most of the problems . 
  i got a journalism job at a small magazine when i was 16 . 
  i 'm 20 now and work in the biggest it mag in the country . 
  on some months i make more money than my dad . 
  all that when i was expelled from school and being called dumb by my professors for years , and generally being put in the lowest part of society . 
  i edited it but forgot to erase the 19 part . 
  thanks . 
  i love rise of nations , the first part . 
  that 's the expansion to the first part and i did n't say anything is wrong with it . 
  it 's the rise of legends i did n't like . 
  i do n't agree , but what really upsets me is that there are no good strategies of that theme left . 
  unfortuneatly the only ones i play are age of empires , ron , world in conflict , company of heroes and sudden strike . 
  only two of them have an advance economy model . 
  i have an n-gage , actually two of them and love it . 
  whenever anybody says to me that it 's an ugly tacophone i challenge them to play pathway to glory and say it 's not one of the best mobile games ever . 
  it had worldwide multiplayer and voice chat in what , 2003 ? 
  a game not bigger than 15 mb . 
  does it hurt when you ... you know ? 
  i like to stalk people . 
  * looks around *, 
  so what ?!, 
  everybody does it !, 
  pulp fiction . 
  jack black in the pick of destiny . 
  there was a [ video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2_hxuhshhmy ) posted the other day , made in the same technique . 
  that 's what i loved about ron - it 's a great cross between civ and aoe . 
  takes the best from the rts and tbs genres , mixing it up in a great game . 
  damn , it 's a shame that the only strategy i can play in a lan against friends is 6 years old . 
  the extra antenna is possible , but i 've always seen it in another form . 
  it could be the loudspeaker or a master reset button for repair purposes . 
  among other great things . 
  crap , he deleted it . 
  just do n't do it and you 're safe . 
  clean your cache regularly , if paranoid format the disk . 
  what is the problem ? 
  you can easily filter people that spam all the time and ignore almost every request . 
  i actually like two or three quizes and that 's it , the rest is - delete all . 
  where 's the fun in that ? 
  you 've got ta find people yourself , make awkward contact and then start the stalking . 
  it does n't mean anything , and it 's a best thing about it . 
  when i made my first account on hotmail or yahoo i needed a handle , and rospaya just popped in my head .
