  in 2004 , on a phone . 
  colin mcrae , ssx was n't bad , pandemonium , fifa , tony hawk ... 
  the sims bustin ' out was great . 
  i hate the sims and do n't like the genre , but the game was excellent . 
  there was a good version on civilization , asphalt was ok . 
  i really ca n't remember more of them , just that some games were really great . 
  as always with phones , it was n't about using every technical aspect you can ( 3d ) , but using the limited controls well . 
  there were a lot 3d fps games and they mostly sucked . 
  cat ? 
  * cat * ? 
  are we seriously using 70 's slang now ? 
  why ? 
  i just like gaming news and stories , nothing wrong with that . 
  i listen to kyuss , black sabbath , metallica , i 've seen qotsa and iron maiden live ... 
  i like loud and fast music . 
  but the pixies are my favourite band . 
  this is why we ca n't have nice things . 
  nobody bitches about it and somebody has to wonder how is there no complaining . 
  i looove me some free karma . 
  all aboard !, 
  i tebi sused !, 
  * sound of karmanaut hitting his head against the wall *, 
  thanks for pynchon . 
  i agree on the o'reilly sentiment , the guy is an asshole . 
  on the other hand , russiatoday is a russian state propaganda machine and i would n't recommend it as a news source . 
  if you would be so kind to send me some kind of a link ... 
  i 'd be very grateful . 
  loudquietloud about the pixies reunion . 
  it 's interesting as a documentary and shows the band in its not-so-bright light ... 
  they 're merely humans . 
  widgets as in small cutesy applications ? 
  - make a subreddit to vote on the name and organize stuff, 
  - find people with enough technical knowledge to make it happen, 
  - find a suitable location , legaly and price wise, 
  - set up a donation pool, 
  - establish ground rules ( niche or hard to get stuff , not spice girls concerts ), 
  - establish an invite system ( karma , membership length , comment history ), 
  - get to a point where you can leave reddit out of this and the site ( tracker ) can function without any interaction on reddit , except checking out potential member 's karma, 
  i understand that , i agree with what 's being said . 
  i 'm talking about rt as a news source in general , something that downvoters do n't understand . 
  note :, 
   i agree on the o'reilly sentiment , the guy is an asshole . 
  make me proud men . 
  as i said the other day , there 's a difference between state tv and public tv . 
  gosh , you 're so predictable . 
  as soon as someone says something bad about o'reilly or fox news you all stick to it like it 's gold . 
  just shows how low the level of news reporting is in the us . 
  the enemy of my enemy is my friend , right ? 
  sure , they have a better perspective on things than fox news , but why is russia propaganda better than us propaganda ? 
  [ 1 ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/world/0,1518,518259,00.html ), 
  [ 2 ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2009/dec/18/russia-today-propaganda-ad-blitz ), 
  [ 3 ] ( http://exile.ru/articles/detail.php?article_id=7789&amp;iblock_id=35 ), 
  [ 4 ] ( http://larussophobe.wordpress.com/2007/09/04/russia-today-propaganda-continues-apace/ ), 
  he messed up rocknrolla , but it 's still a class better than the average crime/action movie . 
  get your sight fixed , there are 4 sources up there . 
  two of them very respectable . 
  also , think with your own head , watch rt a couple of days and report back if you see a negative story about russia 's government . 
  i 'll be here waiting . 
  i hate flash . 
  sorry for not helping , but i hate it so much . 
  times online gives me a 404 error 90 % of the time . 
  guardian and der spiegel are crap ? 
  i 'm sorry the us edition cnn does n't have anything on this so i 'll have to pass on `` credible '' sources . 
  watch it yourself , do n't be an asshole . 
  there is a net neutrality issue in europe ? 
  do you volunteer purely out of good will , or do you consider yourself to be good at ... well ... making people feel better ? 
  have n't been , but the dunkirk evacuation is what got me interested in wwii , almost 10 years ago . 
  outside of excessive offtopic stories and apple fanboyness , any reason for said hate ? 
  does anyone have an idea how apple intends to fix the problem with app overload ? 
  let 's face it , the app store ( and soon android market ) has an enormous amount of apps that will just continue to grow . 
  with little quality control , apps are beginning to pile up and making the signal to noise ratio unberable . 
  i would n't be surprised if a million apps would be just as meaningless as a thousand . 
  i 'm on a phone and did n't read the article or watch the video , i 'm sorry . 
  500 days of summer and love actually , like most of you . 
  but ... 
  i do n't find high fidelity and grosse point blank romantic movies . 
  sure , there is romance and love is a big subject , but both have an excellent story , whether it 's music or killing people for money . 
  is it 1996 and nobody informed me ? 
  i propose that redditors learn more about this story on the russian government 's news channel , russiatoday , because it seems that [ many people here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/aiex2/russiatoday_takes_on_bill_oreilly/ ) believe it is a credible news source . 
  we have a different point of view , yugoslavia was n't east or west . 
  we enjoyed things people on the east could n't , and in the same time had the benefits many people in the us do n't have even today : free education and housing . 
  without socialism croatia today would be a rural country , living 50 years in the past just because of one thing - a whole generation of previously poor people could send their kids to school , something that was impossible before . 
   italy has produced some of the greatest men in western history . 
  i guess you have to take the good with the bad . 
  who was the last one , and when ? 
   kinda like civil war in the us , eh ? 
  what would the us military do if texas decided to secede and no diplomatic solution was found ? 
  the us military would invade , of course . 
  so did serbia . 
  wrong . 
  the yugoslav constitution of 1974 says that any republic or province has a right to secede . 
  they used that right , after which serbs started their proxy rebellions , invasion and the whole shitstorm . 
  i got ta say , you do n't know much about the subject , do you ? 
  the thermals ( probably this year ) , neutral milk hotel ( took me long enough ) and really got into fugazi , husker du and nomeansno , although i 've known them for some time . 
  hannibal lecter, 
  i let her use firefox , i use opera . 
  oh , how could i forget max von sydow as emperor ming the merciless in flash gordon . 
  the last one sounds like a live metallica album . 
  determination of one 's own fate or course of action without compulsion ; free will . 
  freedom of the people of a given area to determine their own political status ; independence .
