  those wars all went really well . 
  darfur , yugoslavia , other places ? 
  intervention can stop massive crimes and genocide so it is n't wise to rule it out completely and without a good rule on it . 
  oh vermont ... tell me more about it . 
  i imagine it 's one of the best states to live in the us . 
  * cough * not a country, 
  i do n't know who the host is , but just listening to him gives me some sense of integrity and nobleness . 
  sort of like stephen fry or david attenborough . 
  really ? 
  what do you think is the best state in new england ? 
  let 's say for a twentysomething guy who knows his way around it , journalism , politics and history ? 
  i guess these girls were killed or kidnapped , right ? 
  i remember this photo from somewhere , but you should provide context . 
  i wrote a paper about americanization in croatia a couple of days ago , the info i got was that 20 000 people here eat in mcdonalds every day . 
  i 'm not sure what the figures are in other countries so i ca n't draw a comparison , but i get the impression that it 's not much . 
  got a lot of mcdonalds in nz ? 
  the only thing you gave out is the hideous browser skin you 're using . 
   perth is tied for fifth place in the economist 's 2009 list of the world 's most livable cities . 
  any truth in this ? 
  i 'm 6620 kilometers , visa and a plane ticket away so i 'm not gon na rush anything . 
  this was just out of curiosity . 
  haha , a friend brought it from there , was very funny . 
  yup , many countries have that . 
  both of my parents have additional private insurance from their employers , but mostly just for a detailed bi-annual check up . 
  there are countries with larger rates , and people still manage somehow . 
  ah , the s-300 . 
  croatia bought one system during the war , mostly just as a psychological weapon to scare off the other side . 
  i was at the military parade where the showed it off . 
  we got it from a shady local arms dealer who to this day says he did n't get paid . 
  the funny thing is the system probably never worked because we did n't get all of the parts , but it probably served its purpose and we tried to sell it around 1998 . 
  iran was interested but the us stopped that . 
  today the system is still in our ownership , not in the country but on loan to someone . 
  i presume the us took it so it would n't end up in the wrong hands . 
  edit : aaaand downvoted . 
  i think [ jan palach ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jan_palach ) is more famous for this . 
  the music was great with that images . 
  some countries were split in half with these kind of things . 
  croatia had a nazi puppet regime during wwii and a big partisan movement . 
  families are still split up over who fought who then . 
  and they shot him minutes later . 
  excellent show . 
  yup , i was thinking it was slate too , but did n't find it . 
  [ good enough ? 
  ] ( http://www.smh.com.au/articles/2006/10/03/1159641325056.html ), 
  two soldiers made a bet , if one gets killed , the other one will show up on his funeral in a dress . 
  or at least i think . 
  so i should buy palm stocks now ? 
  reminds me of an interesting thing with my family . 
  we are all technology advanced , with great cellphones , mp3 players , consoles and other gadgets , but we never needed a dvd player and a microwave oven . 
  i bought a cheap dvd a couple of years ago because i was ashamed and now it 's rotting away somewhere , the only use it had was one summer when i watched futurama , yes minister and the simpsons day and night . 
  our first microwave is the faulty one we took from my grandparents when they got a new one , it works , but it does n't matter when you count in the 5 times we used it . 
  yup . 
  until then , let 's find a couple of other redditors from zagreb and do this . 
  oh man , k-dst in the harrier , blasting over the desert . 
  i spent hours doing that in sa . 
   implying dubstep 's good, 
  not to nitpick , but does the author know the difference between the internet and web ? 
  it supported divx and cost around 50 bucks around 3 years ago . 
  i use my xbox , pc and media center , but my family just does n't need it . 
  now we have an iptv system with a shitload of features , but we only use 6-7 channels and recording shows . 
  i just download everything , but back then i did n't have flat rate so i was n't into downloading movies and shows . 
  there was a video rental down the street but we never used it . 
  yep , i must be , my years old xbox , an old amd 2500 + media centar and my year old laptop are all paid by killing kittens , not working my ass off since i was 14 . 
  but then again the iptv is free so i might be spoiled . 
  what are you replying to ? 
  there 's nothing there . 
  12 years from now introduce him to beer and girls . 
  you 'll forever be the cool uncle . 
  does n't have to be that way . 
  motorola used to have every os in the book . 
  [ well fuck me ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/bvrd4/what_if_you_had_bought_apple_stock_instead_of/c0ouq3u ), 
  well i was ironic about that , and the whole process for me to buy stocks in the us would be weeks long . 
  [ that jazz song you hear in every heist movie ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ohg5sjyrha0 ), 
  is this their official stance ? 
   shopping for guys is usually ` what other electronic gadget/hobby accessory can i show to my friends ' . 
  not sure about other people , but as a self confessed gadget freak , i 've got that under control . 
  sold a zune and bought a 5 year old player that is a couple of times better but cheaper , and been using a nokia e71 since it came out ... 
  well piracy is wrong , no doubt in my mind , but it is n't stealing . 
  it 's called copyright infringement for a reason . 
  ( dumb example deleted ), 
   it 's just that it 's also gradually becoming less relevant, 
  how so ? 
  the arguments you provided do n't make them less relevant , as they evolve with the market , like any other company . 
  ok , my analogy is wrong . 
  but it 's still not stealing , although it is wrong . 
  `` ooooh it 's a snaaaake '' - badgerbadgerbadger, 
  fuck you , i 'm not a chicken !, 
  * verified *, 
  this is interesting . 
  while the lib dem bias here is expected , a lot of commenters said that cameron was the loser tonight , just the opposite of what most people outside reddit say . 
  i did this , but it 's crap , they can still access my files , only not my documents and local setting i use . 
  oh ok , i 'll just recommend they come with their desktops here , or even better , dump them for friends with laptops . 
  as i mentioned somewhere , the guest account does n't limit much , they can still access most of my files , and i 'm not about to password protect everything on my pc just so the wankers can surf the web . 
  i was hoping there is a simple solution to this , but i guess i was wrong . 
  i already did it , and all of my programs are exposed , along with the files . 
  oh , i wish porn was the problem , but i have private stuff like photos and e-mails , not to mention years of sms archives and work stuff . 
   you should note that 's what you want in your title text . 
  i did . 
   besides trustworthy friends ... 
  well they are trustworthy , but i 'm too paranoid about my stuff and they like pranks even more .
