  i do n't know if we 're talking about the same wikileaks , but it had a very limited achievment on the real world . 
  people who knew what was going on were n't that shocked , and people who did n't know are n't the people that would read or trust wikileaks . 
  i 'm not from london so i 'm not really sure where the center really stops . 
  where ( what tube stop if you will ) would the `` wasteland '' start and the center stop ? 
  exactly why i put wasteland in quotation marks . 
  [ sometimes good guys do n't wear white ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=admtzqituzm ), 
  yes , but some did invoke the [ monroe doctrine ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/monroe_doctrine ), 
  these threads are so predictable sometimes ... 
  anyway , the hold steady - boys and girls in america . 
  oh , is it this time of the month again ? 
  i 've noticed you before . 
  any relations with the war nerd ? 
  guilty . 
  i 'm in croatia and we had similar protest last year when a couple of universities even got blocked by students , and since the police can enter an institution of higher education only when invited by the dean they could n't be removed . 
  the protest was about * having * tuitions at all . 
  mind you , one year costs around one months salary ( or zero if you are a good student ) so it 's pretty cheap as it is , but the government promised free education . 
  can someone less lazy than me find the relevant charlie brooker clip ? 
  just four more months !, 
  hah , do n't mention it . 
  pula is beautiful , one of the better places on the seaside . 
  at least he did n't give her a cradle of filth cd . 
   it gets creepier when you learn who the moderator is . 
  oh , it was * very * surprising to learn who the mod is . 
  kurds ? 
   ( eat shit , edmund hillary ), 
  i lost it around here . 
  also , you 're a good storyteller . 
  not short or swift , but good . 
   implying without greentext . 
  i had a close encounter with ht and t-com when i put up a web site against their monopoly . 
  spent a few hours in the police station , had my e-mails read , the works . 
   lost all the musical aplomb of high fidelity, 
  the movie was great . 
  even hornby loved it . 
  fever pitch - not so much . 
  i 'm trying to get a [ four rooms ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/four_rooms ) joke here but i 'm not getting there . 
  the stooges were playing punk around 1968 . 
  not to mention death or mc5 . 
  ooooh , i want a chair on rails . 
  the notices are 01 and 05 :, 
   da-notice 01 : military operations , plans & capabilities, 
   da-notice 05 : united kingdom security & intelligence special services, 
  you 're wrong . 
  four lines of text and you did n't even say * why * you think symbian is n't a smartphone platform . 
  ever since the iphone came out people made their own definitions and called whatever they wanted smartphones , especially in the us who was until recently years behind europe and asia in terms of mobile technology . 
  if shit hits the fan , but if the situation gets really out of control ... 
  i 'd favour it . 
  but knowing the us , the whole military action would get out of control and we would end up paying for it . 
  this is considering that there is no other option and every relevant ally agrees . 
  i doubt that would happen . 
  the country is very centralized , the general population does n't have access to weapons , and the population is homogeneous so they would n't have much reasons to fight their neighbours , unlike iraq or afghanistan . 
   north korea 's population of roughly 24 million is one of the most ethnically and linguistically homogeneous in the world, 
  from wikipedia . 
  not to mention that there are n't many superstars there except kim jong-il and his cronies , so without the top leadership people would end up headless . 
  but your guess is as good as mine , because we ca n't count the level of brainwashing they got and if they would take food and medicine from outsiders or rather die fighting them . 
  because the world is the same place it was 60 years ago . 
  [ nightclubs are hell by charlie brooker ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/commentisfree/2007/aug/13/fashion.comment ), 
  and that 's just peachy . 
  even if you eject all the us references , it 's still a concerning speech . 
  brainwashing and indoctrination is n't good , whatever the subject is . 
  better question : why does anyone keep hiring michelle rodriguez ? 
  she ca n't act for shit and eternally has the `` i 'm a tough female character '' stance . 
  i hate her . 
  hair , the final scene . 
  when they send berger instead of bukowski . 
  with the music and creepy scenes of soldiers and then graves ... god it was powerful . 
  still is . 
  it seems nobody here knows what an eez or exclusive economic zone is , allow me to help : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/exclusive_economic_zone, 
   under the law of the sea , an exclusive economic zone ( eez ) is a seazone over which a state has special rights over the exploration and use of marine resources . 
  it stretches from the seaward edge of the state 's territorial sea out to 200 nautical miles from its coast . 
  in casual usage , the term may include the territorial sea and even the continental shelf beyond the 200 mile limit . 
  i hate google docs because you ca n't save manually , it automatically saves everything for you every couple of seconds . 
  it 's practical , sure , but i always doublecheck if it 's really saved before i close the window . 
  irfanview rocks bro . 
  i agree . 
  i do n't know what the hell that is but it looks disgusting . 
  it would be easier to gain control of a small and not so stable country , then reform it . 
  gaining recognition for a new nation is almost impossible , unless you have enough money and influence to burn . 
  the problem is you do n't have any basis for recognition , since you and your friends are n't a nation by yourself . 
   wikileaks will be fine so long as they do not post eat , pray , love . 
  if they do , i 'm all for shutting them down . 
  oh goody , this will be delicious . 
  i guess children of men . 
  this article gets submitted twice a month , every time from a different source . 
  it has been argumented , debunked and lauded for hundreds of times now , and it 's getting boring . 
  there 's a difference between pretentious and art . 
   guru meditation, 
  i thought you were kidding . 
  unrelated to the ddos , but i 'd like to see the new leaks ( all of the leaks ) sorted and posted in a way that it 's easy to search on whatever basis you want . 
  the juiciest ones are posted by the big newspapers , but being in a small country i would like to find minor ones that may interest me and my newspapers . 
  i realise it 's a big job , but maybe some crowdsourcing could help . 
  agreed . 
  tunisia had a lot of progress but still is n't there . 
  anyway , seeing a catholic church on the same main street as a mosque and noticing more women without headscarfs than with them was a good experience to see in an arabic country . 
  i just read in the guardian that the whole leaks wo n't be published . 
   all five plan to publish extracts from the most significant cables , but have decided neither to `` dump '' the entire dataset into the public domain , nor to publish names that would endanger innocent individuals . 
  wikileaks says that , contrary to the state department 's fears , it also initially intends to post only limited cable extracts , and to redact identities . 
   all five plan to publish extracts from the most significant cables , but have decided neither to `` dump '' the entire dataset into the public domain , nor to publish names that would endanger innocent individuals . 
  wikileaks says that , contrary to the state department 's fears , it also initially intends to post only limited cable extracts , and to redact identities . 
  will we get all of the leaks out or not ?
