  i liked be your own pet . 
  that is all . 
  you mentioned god in your story . 
  do you still believe ? 
  i get you . 
  that 's why i hate fashion . 
  i puke when i say people dressed according to the genre of music they 're listening to that week ( or year , it does n't matter ) . 
  is the music you listen to so much of your identity that you have to show it on the outside ? 
  i frequently go to concerts and ca n't imagine a day without listening to my favourite music , but do i have to dress that way , too ? 
  do i have * be * emo if i * listen to * emo ? 
  ( disclamer , i do n't like emo , but you can substitute it with metal , rock , rap , whatever ), 
  that 's why i felt like a jackass on an iron maiden concert , people with spikes , eddie t-shirts and black hair looked at me like i did n't belong there only because i had a green t-shirt , semi long hair and beige khakis . 
  it 's a shame that i live in zagreb and never heard of her . 
  no , i do n't feel fine pirating anything , it 's the same thing if i 'm ripping off a local indie band or metallica , the amount of money does n't mean anything if it 's fucking bad . 
  why ca n't people be honest about this : i pirate music and know it 's bad . 
  i did n't say it was theft or otherwise financial damage , but that it 's not only legally wrong , but morally , i do n't think it 's right to copy something that the author wants money for . 
  just because it is easy , does n't give you a justification . 
  as for me , i understand it 's wrong and admit it . 
  i 'm a bad person and if any legal downloading service would be available in my country and i had the money i would use that . 
  i agree with you and wish to share your upcoming downvotes . 
  actually , most do , like the us does , but as with some of your states , they use laws to limit it . 
  this is very interesting . 
  i 've always thought of it as normal , that any search engine can index any site it wants , but it seems that the tides have somewhat changed . 
  i think he was refering to the censorship and infrastructure . 
  i understand your sentiment and see some logic in that , but unifying our foreign policy is nearly impossible considering the complicated history and politics of the continent and the eu . 
  count into that the fact that 60 years ago we were all fighting each other in a brutal war that seperates people even today . 
  there are too many interests and too few years have passed to have that expectations . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but is n't the us in nato as well ? 
  every country in it has the military force to defend itself , which is minimum , while some , like the uk and france , have excessive forces to support their worldwide `` imperialist '' interests . 
  the us has more interests worldwide , that 's the reason for the big military . 
  khm . 
   when referring to current events , the term `` western world '' often includes developed countries in asia , such as japan , singapore , taiwan , and south korea , that have strong economic , political and military ties to western europe , nato or the united states . 
  western nations mostly mean developed nations . 
  i 'm not so sure we was serious . 
  i 'd say western by society , government , technology and eastern by culture . 
  i know why * i * do n't code . 
  20 years old now , but i grew up around computers and the moment the author had with his zx spectrum ( 10 for ... ) i had with html and later css . 
  it 's not programming , but i did create something using some kind of code ... 
  it was very captivating and i wanted to go forward , learn to code , but then school came and everything anyone mentioned about programming had something about `` you 'll need math '' . 
  i sucked at math then , i suck at it today , and it turned me completely off . 
  it was n't about the nearly endless possibilities of creating stuff , it was n't full of enthusiasm and will , but about the shit that 's about to come , how hard it is . 
  today i know some c++ , python and when i read code i can figure out what something does , but there 's no incentive to go forward . 
  like someone mentioned , you ca n't code call of duty in your room . 
  rboymtj is suggesting that this is somehow because other nato countries have small militaries ... 
  i do n't see the logic here . 
  the us has a wide array of interests around the world , which extend to [ many ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_united_states_military_bases ) countries outside of nato . 
  it 's the us that insists on its military presence in most countries . 
  also , nato is a pact that consists of sovereign nations who pitch in some money for joint operations and other costs , but every military force in it is independent . 
  why should germany , poland or a smaller country like belgium have a bigger percentage of gdp spent on defense ? 
  they do n't have overseas bases , they do n't have interests in other parts of the world and simply do n't play that big of a role ... 
  except poland , none of my examples use their forces for anything except defense and peacekeeping . 
  i never watched even an episode and i know them . 
  the truth was brilliant . 
  i do n't know if it 's directly mentioned , but i think he runs the show on the radio , too . 
  [ some details ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_characters_in_grand_theft_auto:_san_andreas#the_truth ), 
  wow , 6 upvotes and no one came here to say that the the so called eu president ( actually president of the european council ) wo n't have any formal powers , only ceremonial and will be elected for a post for two and a half years . 
  it is a ceremonial position and it will only serve as a single virtual representative of the eu foreign policy . 
  but yes , why not pull a couple of million people to vote for a post that does n't mean anything and nobody serious cares about . 
  yes , that position could turn out to be reserved for a future dictator ... 
  if we did n't have a constitution to prevent that ( the same one that made the function ) , if it is not against the will of almost every eu member state , if it makes any sense at all ... then it could happen . 
  pc gamers are used to some standards and feel ripped off when games start steering more towards the console gamers . 
  meanwhile , console gamers have put up with crap like that for years and only now have a fair selection of games like the pc used to have ... rts ' are probably the point where the line was crossed . 
  changes that pc gamers percieve as bad get a lot of bad publicity , but in the end it does n't mean much , because pc gaming is on the downward slope . 
  it 's not hurr durr pc gaming is dead , but it 's obvious that publishers care more about consoles . 
  some people , like me , do n't care about mp . 
  i do n't have the time or nerves to do it . 
  and the mp crowd is ruining this for me , when they 're ready to shell out a full price for a game that is practically mp only , like bf 2142 , so infinity ward thinks that 5 hours is ok and people only buy it for mp gaming . 
  well c&c and civilization are both out for the xbox , so i guess they got over it . 
  i actually hate it , like candles . 
  during the war we would go to the shelter and used candles for lightning and matches to light them . 
  if you want to see a fuckup , lookup yugoslavia during wwii . 
  i wo n't go into details , but it is complicated enough that many families even today divide themselves through historic lines . 
  i see a problem with that . 
  before , games were mp and sp for the same price , today it 's a big focus on mp and a small campaign ... 
  i got ta pay $ 112 ( mw2 price in my country ) to play a game for 5 hours . 
  if i do n't read reviews and reddit , i 'd get screwed . 
  and that 's great , but if it puts the game on , say , 10 hours , that still pretty minimal . 
  and it does n't , the point of the game is the single player campaign , not short missions that leave everything out and provide only the `` shoot yourself out '' situation , just the bones . 
  the us had interests in that , you did n't came here because of infinite altruism , but both sides saw pluses in it . 
  no , do n't exaggerate . 
  maybe just beat up with a baseball bat . 
  but really , you should play them all , gta iv is just a culmination of everything that 's been done , that 's the reason it got such high review scores , most reviewers just gave it points that san andreas and vice city got and added new ones for the extra stuff . 
  that 's how you get 98 % on metacritic . 
  we used to get a juicy stake and potatoes . 
  today , for the same price , we get a small piece of chicken and the same amount of potatoes . 
  i 'm hungry now . 
  really man , wtf . 
  maybe in the us , but most obese people i see ( myself included ) do n't make any `` genetic '' excuses - we 're just fat , for one reason or another . 
  i know why i 'm heavy and know how to change it - if i had enough will and time i 'd do it . 
  i work , go to college , have a girlfriend and a social life ( and then there 's reddit ) and eat two meals a day , very lightly . 
  i walk very much . 
  but i 'm 6,3 and 270 lbs ( 190 and 125 ) and that has n't changed for years . 
  the time i 'm doing something i 'm under stress and most free time i get is used on relieving it , so that leaves no time for exercising or leaving time to work on my body . 
  then again , i do n't have a problem with it . 
  i 'm healthy , can swim faster than most of my friends , walk more than anybody i know and if it were n't for the stress from work/college i 'd be a completely healthy and happy person . 
  edit : i googled supermarket scooter ... wtf , stores have scooters so people do n't walk ? 
  that 's perverse . 
  god damnit . 
  i pirate games for xbox and i admit that it 's wrong . 
  if i used xbox live and got banned i would stfu and live with it .
