  akp is in power since 2002 and won the 2011 elections by 25 % more than the second party , do you think they lost millions of votes in two years ? 
  the police behavior is brutal but note that organizations like amnesty international are reporting two deaths from this protests . 
  some images that came to the front page showed pictures of dozens of people , claiming they 're dead . 
   as a journalistic genre , it has become increasingly clear that the whole process is a waste of time for everyone involved : interviewer , interviewee , pr `` minder '' and , most importantly , the reader . 
  most of the time both sides understand this and do the thing right , i get an exclusive nugget to use as a quote and the other side gets free pr , but occasionally things turn up great . 
  as a music journalist i get to interview people who have rabid fans and want to know every single detail , making the talk meaningful for a lot of folks . 
  the opposite happens too , artist are eager to share context on music or their lives , making the interview a part of understanding the art . 
  admittedly , that rarely happens . 
  bullshit answer . 
  the meetings are secret and everything we know about them is just the participants . 
  everything else are just conspiracy theories . 
  pretty openly a hoax , not a conspiracy theory . 
  us conspiracy theories ( bands , movies , you name it ) are very well known on reddit and there 's a reason why people often say `` international '' or `` non-us '' . 
  op specified it and even now the thread is full of popular us conspiracies . 
  thanks . 
  [ pogledaj \u010dlanke ] ( http://www.theatlanticwire.com/national/2013/05/me-generation-time/65054/ ) od 1958 . do danas ili samo ove primjerene citate :, 
   `` when i was young , we were taught to be discreet and respectful of elders , but the present youth are exceedingly disrespectful and impatient of restraint '' . 
   `` what is happening to our young people ? 
  they disrespect their elders , they disobey their parents . 
  they ignore the law . 
  they riot in the streets inflamed with wild notions . 
  their morals are decaying . 
  what is to become of them ? '', 
   `` the young people of today think of nothing but themselves . 
  they have no reverence for parents or old age . 
  they are impatient of all restraint ... as for the girls , they are forward , immodest and unladylike in speech , behavior and dress . '', 
  attributed to peter the hermit , ad 1274, 
  there are the [ t-mobile ] ( https://www.hrvatskitelekom.hr/karta-pokrivenosti ) , [ vipnet ] ( http://www.vipnet.hr/karta-pokrivenosti ) and [ tele 2 ] ( http://www.tele2.hr/podrska-korisnicima/privatni-korisnici-pretplata/tehnicka-podrska/pokrivenost-i-brzine/ccs126/?typid=2 ) coverage maps . 
  turkey is n't poor and the people protesting are n't poor so it is n't tied to food prices . 
  if anything , it should be tied to rising standard , like in tunisia . 
   collection of every single phone call made, 
  information about the call , not the call itself . 
  stuff like lenght , both numbers and so on . 
   mark lowenthal is a great source and basically required reading for anyone going into that field . 
  it really is n't totally different . 
  in some countries people can barely understand each other and they speak the same language . 
  i read somewhere that the last kidnapping near the horn of africa happened a year ago . 
  metadata about the calls , not the calls themselves . 
  or just put an / before r / and reddit does it automatically without res . 
  yup . 
  nobody in music said as much with as few words . 
  mike watt bar none . 
  in the eu . 
  standard data retention regulations which are accessed with warrants . 
  and it was just a theory , an idea . 
  the moment you get proof , then it 's a thing . 
  warrant less ? 
  every single country has procedures for data retention but it 's the warrant that counts . 
  not technically , in every way possible . 
  they voted for the people that voted this in , they paid for it , some of the built it and are working for it . 
  that 's how strip clubs work in croatia , and that 's why not many locals ever visit . 
  mineral water can cost a $ 100 easily . 
  it 's for tourists and other unaware visitors . 
  just to note that a 100k sqft data center is n't that huge . 
  it would n't break the [ top 100 ] ( http://www.coloandcloud.com/rankings/ ) list . 
  just a note for our us friends . 
  ard is the german equivalent of the bbc , the public ( not government ) broadcaster that is very credible and trustworthy . 
  as much as a big media outlet can get . 
  cnn international is considered leagues better than cnn america and it is still the go-to place for international breaking news and foreign reports . 
  bad troll is bad . 
  people have a hard on for hating facebook ( along with every other popular web service , including reddit ) so any straw is good enough for finding something to hate . 
  sing me a song , you 're a singer !, 
  not really . 
  the worst that could happen is some jail time . 
  the absolute worst scenario possible . 
  most likely he 'll lose his job . 
  turkey is authoritarian against government critics but it 's not stalinist ussr people . 
  too bad the trailer consisted of every good moment the movie had . 
  as i said the other day , this century old experiment clearly did n't work out , so let 's find a living habsburg and get the show on the road . 
  / croat, 
  i linka na gej paradu . 
  the coverage on reddit has been almost disgusting . 
  i 'm no fan of erdogan , but as a journalist i try not to snap to conclusions and look at things from different sides . 
  five years ago i would be on those protests , but today i 'm less activist and more observant . 
  most threads put this as a struggle between pure good and pure evil , ignoring many facts and falsifying other , but this goes along the activist reputation redditors have . 
  the main problems i saw were :, 
  - ignoring violent protesters, 
  - falsifying or just taking unsourced information ( i 've counted over 30 dead in the protests on reddit , while independent organizations report 5 , one of them a policeman , in an accident ), 
  - ignoring erdogan 's popularity, 
  - framing the protests as a life or death situation against a dictator, 
  erdogan and his government are authoritarian and anti-kemalist , but reddit defends the protests as is he 's worse than hitler . 
  i would agree with both of your remarks , but those are proof reddit is n't looking at this from all sides , so a problem in perception , not on the ground . 
  i 'm well aware what the protest 's goals are and what the situation in turkey is , but look at some of those threads and read the comments - most people would be shocked to learn that erdogan has the support of the majority because he is being presented as a dictator . 
  thank you . 
  i love your answers in / r/askhistorians . 
  why are they maintaining the nuclear ambiguity stance then ? 
  arab countries know they have nukes so they have a pretext for expanding their own programs but i do n't see other reasons . 
  peaceful resolution ? 
  you 've come to the wrong peninsula my friend . 
  i 'll edit my post since that was n't my intention , thanks . 
  i would n't call him a dictator or a tyrant , just a democratically elected politician that uses an authoritarian style of ruling . 
  are french cars even sold in the us ? 
  your military hardware is subsidised by the state which makes political pressure on other countries to buy it . 
  what would anyone gain by killing him , especially the us government ? 
   in the 1800s , many balkan elites would have been happy to take on the greek name , because the west 's philhellenism would help them see the balkans as `` europe '' and not `` other . '', 
  yeah , no . 
  maybe in serbia , macedonia and bulgaria , but not a chance for croatia , slovenia , hungary , slovakia and others . 
  i dislike these random `` let 's talk about band x '' threads . 
  what is the purpose , there 's really no conversation here , just a random starter . 
  i thought i was being original when i started doing this to my girlfriend , but with smart cars .
