  how can you put a riot and a team losing a game in the same league ? 
  / r/music isto nema smisla . 
  they seem to be sponsoring the comments as well . 
  i heard that dubrovnik sent a merchant to the us in 1776 and by that was the first to recognize it . 
  can anyone confirm ? 
  history always repeats itself ? 
  civilizations always fall ? 
  it will always be that way ? 
  i was on my phone in a tram and could n't really click on links to explore them . 
  dubrovnik was n't mentioned anywhere and i just gave a question , not an answer . 
  i 'll use the better service , and have no plans to dump anything just because it 's for profit . 
  so what ? 
   now go ahead and downvote me, 
  okay . 
  jedni su romi al drugi su cigani . 
  - francuska : 1,1, 
  - island : 0,3, 
  - italija : 0,9, 
  one thing is n't covered . 
  the other day i asked a followup question to the one asked and got downvoted fast . 
  the question was very related to the discussion . 
  what kind do you have ? 
  mine goes on hot air and later the popcorns are so dry salt wo n't stick on them . 
  it 's borderline useless . 
  are you being serious ? 
  it says on the fucking box : technology . 
  all of those are related , some more some less , but every link is valid in this subreddit . 
  screw gadgets , i want all of my tech news here , not just the shiny ones . 
  the smiths . 
  any song . 
   the strokes fucking suck man . 
  they 're a hype job . 
  it 's immaterial on whether i 'm a strokes fan or not , they are a hype job . 
  they have purchased publicity , they have purchased media attention . 
  they are not a band that has their own organic following . 
  i would consider the strokes a parasitic aberration . 
  my point is that they are not a part of this american punk rock scene that you are talking about . 
  the white stripes have been around for years , they are more involved in the roots , garage rock underground . 
  there are many different layers of the american punk scene , and i do n't think that it 's represented in the specific bands that you mentioned . 
  when i think of the punk scene , i think of something that 's stylistically punk sounding . 
  that style has not necessarily received anymore attention in the last couple of years . 
  switzerland ? 
  extremely fucking far from it , switzerland is regulated to the bone . 
  i 'm writing this on the samsung ativ 500t , a windows 8 ( not rt ) tablet i 'm reviewing . 
  i was skeptical about * every * tablet until now but after this w8 is the best tablet os i 've used . 
  the bipolar desktop/metro thing kills the os for desktop , but on tablets it rocks . 
  one second i 'm using gestures and fucking around in the tile ui , and the other i 'm as productive as on any laptop in the classic desktop interface . 
  it may not be elegant , but it gets the job done better than android or ios , both of which rock better than win8 on phones . 
  the first tablet i had was asus r2h around 2007 and it sucked because it tried to be a pc , but it was fucked up by bad software and bad hardware choices . 
  android and apple tablets try to be larger phones , while ms tablets ( umpc era ) tried to be smaller pcs . 
  today ms got it and did it both - metro for simple stuff , desktop for productivity . 
  you are right . 
  but not about the rim part , they have n't even touched nokia until this year . 
  in 2010 nokia still pushed 65 million smartphones a year more than rim . 
  it 's not about punk . 
  it 's about having a path and forging yourself to get to somewhere . 
  bands of the same scene and generation bled to get to where they were and won their fame . 
  the strokes bought it . 
  i care about authenticity , you or somebody else might not and that 's ok . 
  she 'll be so disappointed with herself in about 5 years . 
  i guess it depends . 
  i used the thing on acer w510 and now on the samsung and like it quite a lot . 
  what model is that ? 
  nokia never had a big presence in na . 
  their flagship stores closed back in 2009 . 
  and you 're right , but he has a bad perspective then . 
  the same thing happened in zagreb , croatia last week . 
  and that 's on a ski complex that needed artificial snow two weeks ago for the world cup . 
  a bit silly yes . 
  puno njih . 
  your point stands , but putin was never head of the kgb . 
  he was head of the fsb for a year . 
  he spent most of his career as an agent , not a director . 
  there were dozens of amas from people that lived in the ussr . 
  huh . 
  i watched it as a kid and only remember lauren holly and her tits . 
  tl ; dr : around the world . 
  i remember using @name on usenet , a decade before twitter . 
  it 's old . 
  so 43 rooms ? 
  dear frederick , thank you for your nice letter , but i am actually a us marine who was born to kill , whereas clearly you seem to have mistaken me for some sort of wine sipping , communist dick suck . 
  and although peace probably appeals to tree hugging bi-sexuals like you and your parents , i happen to be a death-dealing , blood-crazed warrior who wakes up every day just hoping for the chance to dismember my enemies and defile their civilizations . 
  peace sucks a hairy asshole , freddy . 
  war is the mother-fucking answer . 
   nobody should be forced into subjegation to their country . 
  how do you feel about taxes and laws ? 
  all of those are forced upon you with force . 
  this question has been asked a lot of times and the answer is no . 
  the show was never more than ok . 
  ephraim kishon had a great story `` new york ai n't america '' . 
  i highly recommend it , kishon was one of the funniest writers around . 
  i 'm from croatia which means that the only accent i have is niko from gta iv . 
  not gon na bang anyone with that . 
   and madeleine albright thought it was `` worth it '' . 
  the interview was in 1996 , way before the second war . 
   a couple of million iraqis died, 
  in total infant mortality was the biggest loss of life , and it amounts to about 400 000 but researches have n't been able to exactly isolate the effects of sanctions and bad government . 
  the war and occupation took about 150 000 lives directly . 
  in no possible way does this go to `` a couple of million '' . 
   i 'm actually not trying to make this into a political discussion , i 'm simply responding to the guy who thought it inconceivable that some civilian american 's could have a blase and/or ignorant view of an act that killed a multitude of foreigners , but did not majorly affect american lives .
