  public transportation . 
  i 'm 24 and do n't have the need to drive a car until i have a family . 
   within about a decade , they had introduced an elaborate system of internal passports to control movement within russia itself, 
  how did that work ? 
  in 1971 ( west ) pakistan started hostilities by launching preemptive air strikes on india , and they responded by joining the bangladesh war of liberation , moving troops into ( formally ) pakistani territory . 
  when dacca ( dhaka ) fell , the [ instrument of surrender ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:pakistansurrender1971.jpg ) was signed by a pakistani general on one side and an indian on the other . 
  i ca n't judge whether that was aggression or just assistance , but i 'd wage that it was n't strictly defensive . 
  itt : 559 comments and maybe five of them that are worth the energy used to write them . 
  this subreddit is really a cesspool . 
  people waiting in line for some iphone a few years ago in croatia . 
  you from zagreb op ? 
  i do n't want to do the whole `` enlightened european '' stunt , but i live in a poor european country that most people would put in the `` eastern wasteland '' category and there is n't a street of my million people plus hometown that i would have a problem walking through at night . 
  outside of a drunken brawl or stolen bike , i do n't know anyone who was a crime victim . 
  [ glasgow ranked uk 's most violent area ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-glasgow-west-22276018 ), 
  i 've always had a bidet at home but never used it for the delicate parts . 
  it 's a practical way to wash your feet though . 
  i too judge movies that i have n't watched by the reviews of people who are antagonized in them . 
   your personal experience does not translate into reality . 
  yeah it does . 
  even if i take the maximum homicide rate in the last five years ( 1.8 per 100k ) my city ranks better than every us city over 250k people except henderson , lincoln and plano . 
  the last report is 0.6 but it would be a bit unfair to use that one . 
   the violent crime rates for most eastern european countries are around twice that of the us . 
  it looks like my country is classified as southern europe ( 1.6 ) but anyway ... 
  us murder rate in the us ( un numbers ) is 4.7 per 100k capita , and of 11 eastern european countries in the un group ( which has russia in it ) only four cross that number . 
  my personal experiences are just that , personal , and in this case they are reality . 
  it 's a film , not a documentary . 
  i have n't seen it but i bet it does n't say `` this is the truth , sponsored by the government and hollywood '' . 
  it is just another book about a current subject made into a movie , and everybody is looking into that like it is goebbels himself who made it . 
  the same with argo . 
  it 's an awesome movie that takes liberties with the truth . 
  that does n't change the fact that it is cool . 
  [ yeah , about those minerals ] ( http://www.wired.com/dangerroom/2010/06/no-the-military-didnt-just-discover-an-afghan-mineral-motherlode/ ) . 
  for what it 's worth , i always use english variables . 
  unless you count the 350 fighter jets they have ? 
  what am i looking at ? 
  most touchpads are crap , but i know of at least a few lenovo models that are as good as macbooks in that department . 
  you can get flights much cheaper than that . 
  low cost carriers offer two way tickets for 30 euros a lot of the time . 
  ryanair has 14,99 tickets to barcelona , dublin and a few other cities right now . 
  dmca nema nikavu pravnu valjanost u hr . 
  both of those were a problem for me in the 90s . 
  air raid shelter was about as awful as cartoon network stopping programing at night . 
  afp is a news agency , cnn is a news channel . 
  one gets its news from the other . 
  shit like this makes it worse for absolutely anyone . 
  i 'm sure samsung has enough fans to post positive comments , and this just gave every troll ever an argument against any company , not only samsung . 
  any time i post a positive thing about a brand i like i 'll get `` durr look at this link , i 'm sure your a paid shill for company x '' . 
   now , if you were an artist , or any kind of public figure that disagreed with the party line , your life would be a lot more dangerous . 
  people were thrown in jail , killed or disappeared without a trace . 
  if you were an open enemy of the system , yes . 
  but artists were mostly spared by that , and yugoslavia had a very strong punk/new-wave scene that was n't afraid to criticize the regime . 
  90 % of the people who disappeared or were thrown into jail were fervent nationalists , stalinists and wwii collaborationists . 
  liberal use of `` yugoslavia '' but the us did bomb the serbian krajina once which is and was croatia . 
  iirc it was an airfield in udbina . 
  croatia was bombed in 1994 . 
  the part bombed was under serbian occupation but croatia was by then recognized in that border . 
  the great gatsby really dropped the ball on this one . 
  everything was so obviously cgi that it lost any charm . 
  it was all a charade without enough substance . 
  i do n't think so . 
  i know what the point of the story is , but it was visually unappealing for me , so fake i could n't take anything seriously . 
  you have something like five comments over five years , so this one is very well used . 
  i for one admit that i get my shows in a way that is n't that legal . 
  and i 'm not claiming that it 's ok because hollywood is greedy and corporations are bad , but because it is very easy to be immoral with torrents . 
  if murder had as little consequences as me getting my homeland and parks and rec fix - most of us would n't last more than a week . 
  relevantan username gospodi\u010dne . 
  not a great source but some light googling can confirm it . 
  - direktna demokracija ne funkcionira, 
  link ? 
  po \u010demu je to `` isti referendum '' kao i na\u0161 ? 
  thread za pamcenje . 
  that 's loose butthole . 
   reason.com, 
  just wondering , why do you think f2p is a cancer ? 
  * is there maybe a custom stylesheet loaded ? 
  does the new ~ ~ chro ~ ~ opera even support that ? 
  how the hell did the registry do that ? 
  it 's more about internal us politics than any foreign matter . 
  florida is a very important swing state which can be decided by the cuban vote . 
  any attempt to appease castro 's regime means that the ruling us party wo n't get a vote from them in years . 
  the couple were n't models , married couples often go to some nice parts of the city such as maksimir or the upper town and take their photos there . 
  yugoslav military doctrine was based on guerilla tactics once the military failes to keep the borders . 
  men trained for at least a year and everyone learned to manage assault rifles in school . 
  masovno ? 
  / r/serbia . 
  i was drinking in a park one morning with friends ( long story ) and two cops came by and told us to scram . 
  we started throwing the bottles in the trash when they said that it would be a shame that wine goes to waste , so they 'll just stick around with us until we drink it and go on our way . 
  puking material . 
  i ca n't fathom what kind of a person one has to be to see all this and find it even remotely positive . 
  or just use public transport ? 
  i do n't know how to drive a car and have been regularly getting drunk for about a decade . 
  this reminds me of the time when i got sued by a large multinational phone service provider for making a gif of their logo turning into a swastika a few years ago . 
  fun times . 
  this would make elections more interesting . 
  it happened 10 years ago in a country that is n't the us . 
  i 've got a press clipping . 
  there are awesome articles in playboy today as well . 
  ali ... ali ... index je gori !, 
  whenever somebody asks why something is n't top news or why are n't we talking about something , there 's a 90 % chance that we actually are but that op is blind . 
  needs more gorillas .
