  when i watched it again later i just sat there a couple of minutes after the end sequence , thinking how fucking clever everything was . 
  did this man just lose his job because of his sexual preference ? 
  can someone please explain to me how do n't ask do n't tell is n't unconstitutional ? 
  then there seems to be a problem with it , because the constitution affects all the people , not `` everybody , but minus the armed forces '' . 
  please correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  so , in theory , states can de facto approve discrimination based on sexual orientation ? 
  i volunteered on a [ film festival ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zagreb_film_festival ) where i met great people and learned something about organization and decision making . 
  i also had a great experience volunteering with my friends in an [ eco center ] ( http://www.supovi.hr/english/index.php ) , working on protecting griffons and local wildlife . 
  also met awesome people and worked my ass off most of the time . 
  working with [ gong ] ( http://www.gong.hr ) on observing election was not that fun , but i learned a thing or two about practical politics and had a chance to exercise some authority . 
  four ? 
  i counted 15 without checking any sources . 
  [ majke ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0iucr7bmkpy ) from croatia . 
  the music is pure rock , but the lyrics and everything about the whole band is ... magnificent . 
  most of them are well known . 
  but yeah , it 's a good list . 
  if you see candlejack , you ne ... 
  i 'm counting the hours !, 
  my name is earl ... 
  there were better shows , more in depth and better made , but earl is simple , non pretentious and funny . 
  i do n't have to keep a high level of concentration to get the jokes , but they are still funny and clever . 
  is there a dilbert plushed toy ? 
   outside of the us and serbia ( i 'm from the uk ) ; you basically hear nothing of him and his legacies . 
  you can expand that to croatia ( `` i am equally proud of my serbian origin and my croatian fatherland . '' ), 
  and all other ex-yu countries . 
  just out of curiosity , i 'm not trying to start a discussion : how many phones did you use and what were they , and are you from the us ? 
  i met inva mula , the singer that does all the divas ' singing . 
  you can try finding some of her songs ... 
  the little prince, 
  i was getting dressed late one night, 
  along came a spider and i got a fright, 
  oh i could not squash it flat, 
  no matter how i tried ,, 
  and when it looked me in the eye, 
  i ran away to hide ... 
  i put on me doctor martin shoes, 
  a battle with the spider that i was n't gon na loose, 
  a kick from the left a kick from the right, 
  i was on the floor but i was alright, 
  it was gon na be a long long night, 
  [ chorus , 
  spiders in the dressing room, 
  spiders everywhere, 
  spider in the dressing room beware, 
  [ repeat twice ], 
  things were getting hot and i had to take a chance, 
  the spider got impatient, 
  started crawling up me pants, 
  i shook it off me legthump it hit the ground, 
  everything was silent so i did n't make a sound, 
  i crossed the room as happy as can be, 
  i had killed the spider now it could n't bother me, 
  but with me arm on the light, 
  he was there ready for a fight, 
  it was gon na be a long long night . 
  [ chorus ], 
  it was getting late and the spider was n't dead, 
  an audience had gathered round, 
  andi was going red, 
  i put a jam jar on the floor, 
  the spider crawled inside it, 
  i screwed the lid back on the top, 
  and threw the jar outside, 
  at a party late that night, 
  everything was bright and gay, 
  we played all our pop records and danced the night away ,, 
  early in the morning came a knocking at the door, 
  i opened it slowly guess what i saw, 
  it was gon na be a long long night ... 
  i 'd rather believe last.fm than techcrunch , since their evidence is hardly solid . 
  actually , no . 
  i 'm not worried by this even the least bit because i live in a country where the chances for me to be sued by anyone because of my listening habits is the same as ... 
  i do n't know , digg becoming good ? 
  plus , we have sort of a blank tape law that i paid on my laptop , external disk , mp3 player and lots of crap i bought . 
  i 'm more worried because of their ethics with dealing with users - i 'm not at all threatend by the alleged data sending ( that still has no substantial evidence ) but would probably leave last.fm if something like that happened . 
  like other similar services , last.fm sends my data to interested , paying , parties , so as long as it 's anonymous i 'm cool with them . 
  i 'm in croatia . 
  the law was proposed by zamp , sort of a local riaa that 's more oriented on radio and bars and works more tightly with artist . 
  the first instances had a list of devices that would be sold with a bigger price , depending on the capacity and type . 
  it was since then revised and a lot of insanse stuff were cut out . 
  now it just has blank cds , mp3 players , memory cards , dvd-rw drives and other devices that can record and store digital music . 
  with their calculations , a new hard drive would cost something like a dollar more , but a hd recorder ( for tvs ) with the capacity of less than a 100 gb would cost 30 dollars more . 
  really , it 's just an organized theft , since zamp has worse ethics than riaa , mpaa , al qaida and the nazis all together . 
  oh , and this nailed it for me :, 
   it 's implied that the data linked scrobbles to ip addresses . 
  that particular data is controlled tightly inside last.fm and is only stored for a short period of time . 
  any request for such data would have to be approved by myself first . 
  the suggestion that cbs 's ops team provided this data is just not possible - last.fm operates as a separate entity and their operations staff do not have access to our system . 
   it 's implied that the data linked scrobbles to ip addresses . 
  that particular data is controlled tightly inside last.fm and is only stored for a short period of time . 
  any request for such data would have to be approved by myself first . 
  the suggestion that cbs 's ops team provided this data is just not possible - last.fm operates as a separate entity and their operations staff do not have access to our system . 
  the wording of the article seems like the last.fm people want to say it did n't happen , but are not coordinated enough with cbs to do it because there is a slight chance ... 
  and arringtons writes like he 's sorry he ever published the article because it looks like last.fm really did n't do anything wrong . 
  i guess we 'll have to wait a couple of days for full info . 
  i get you , but all the loose ends and bad information currently puts me on last.fm 's side . 
  really , you have to admit that every side in this story is confused and did not give solid info on anything . 
  look on the bright side , you 're one of the rare people riaa did n't sue yet !, 
  did anyone else have a problem with the typeface and size ? 
  what a dumb question .
