  i would n't . 
  she 's somewhere next to fran drescher in the `` probably would not bang '' folder . 
  i just do n't know . 
  that 's admitting . 
  pixies did a similar thing for a music video . 
  they hated it and it ended up [ like this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=phhox4_sehq ) . 
   with bossanova 's release , 4ad hoped to get the pixies chosen to perform their single `` velouria '' on the bbc music program top of the pops . 
  [ 121 ] to this end , the band was pressured into producing a video for the song , and they made one cheaply with the band members filmed running down a quarry , shown in slow motion . 
  [ 119 ] [ 122 ] the group was ultimately not given a spot on the show . 
   o'reilly auto parts, 
  i knew his show was losing ratings , but auto parts ? 
  i saw yugoslavia in one piece and started searching for my picture of tito and a fair amount of rakija ... only then i saw that all non-signatory countries do n't have borders . 
  one day , so help me god ... 
   war works this way in any country - hype up the threat of the enemy , rally the flag around a common cause , frame it in terms of existential threat whether justified or not . 
  with a twist that the us general population has n't seen a war on their soil for a long enough time so every war has to be hyped . 
  other countries , and a lot of them , had to fight for their lives . 
  i have distant family members that died defending their houses in a war . 
  so no , not every war is the same . 
  we traded slovenia for them . 
  not an awesome deal . 
  exactly . 
  my kindle is mostly used for reading long articles , the 5 page things you find on longform , slate , ny times , economist , foreign policy ... 
  i can send it to the kindle with one click and then read it whenever i have 10 minutes free . 
  or homeland . 
  because less and less companies want to sell them content ? 
  it illustrates that you need to know something before supporting a cause . 
  the kony crap asks for donations going to the ugandan army , and lobbyists doing god knows what , not to mention the shitty execution of it all ... the video made me puke . 
  wanting peace is a different thing . 
  this kony campaign is directly related to supporting some shady characters . 
  if it 's the us version of fever pitch slap him in the face . 
  arrested development . 
  back to the future . 
  he 'll fit in just nice . 
  i like the music , the effects , but the singer 's voice and style is too much . 
  everything points to 1999 because the 1995 bombings were n't widespread and targeted military and communication equipment in serb parts of bosnia . 
  the 1999 campaign targeted dual use infrastructure and a lot of it in urban areas . 
  [ my bloody valentine - loveless ] ( http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_le7eiz0dl01qdh7bo.jpg ), 
  the cover describes the music with stunning precision , with a faint image of a guitar and a noisy swirl and blur everywhere . 
  love it . 
  that does n't look like the right location for abbey road . 
  the at&t of people . 
  upvote for comment , high five for username . 
  edit : before being deleted the comment was :, 
   the irony is that those kids have a reason to be emo, 
  and the username was something like `` u2_is_shit '' . 
  the balkans are one of the safest regions in europe by recent reports . 
  what 's wrong with metro ? 
  hands down the best mobile ui currently , and this coming from an android owner . 
  i loved n9 and got some heat for calling nokia out on it ( i 'm a journalist ) but the ui was n't revolutionary in the way metro was . 
  multitasking is excellent and the whole gestures thing is superb but outside of that it is the old icon grid all over again . 
  with such diversity i do n't see why any other country should even exist . 
  best episode . 
  that ps2 is gon na fall down . 
  this subreddit is firmly on its way to pure shit . 
  i thought it was `` cake or death '' with you people . 
  that 's the problem actually . 
  the mods have a policy of not deleting anything , which is becoming an issue with sockpuppet accounts , spam and offtopic content . 
  if this is from , let 's say , 1942 , then the sub would be worth around 97 million 2012 dollars . 
  i agree with you , but there is no such thing as reverse racism . 
  oh i 'm sorry , i 'll try to have my own negative opinion when it 's not popular hating on dubstep . 
  god forbid that people dislike something . 
  so you are saying mario reaches a higher level of emotion than cod ? 
  i know one game is very loved in this subreddit , and the other controversial , but call of duty has dozens of extremely emotional moments that rank next to movies nobody would dare call anything but art . 
  in cod4 , sneaking in the fields near pripyat made me physically uncomfortable and anxious . 
  the nuclear bomb detonation took the controls from me and let me know how in the end you are not the superman in this game and you ca n't control everything , all the while slugging through a vapourized playground . 
  being chased by dogs , marching up the hill in cod2 , getting shot in the head in a twist conspiracy in mw2 ... 
  these are all cinematic moments that may get lost on some , but definitely bring up emotions that art should attract . 
  cod is a commercial killfest , but so is any tarantino movie . 
  while his works have more value as art , cod should n't be excluded just because of its popularity . 
  why ? 
  the killings are just one part of the game , and movies and paintings have that liberty ( as the op presented ) so why should n't games ? 
  oh you 'll fit right in . 
  tito was a mofo when it came to foreign relations so yugoslavia got away with shooting down four us planes in 1946-8 , and got cheap loans and equipment from the us at the same time . 
  after stalin died yugoslavia maintained a balanced relationship with both sides , but in the 60 's the non-aligned movement was the main course . 
  tito feared an invasion from both sides at all times . 
  newer documents suggest western leaders thought that yugoslavia would be one of the first to fall if the cold war went hot . 
  also bush i wanted yugoslavia to stay together near the end and the waning ussr did n't interfer as much as the us did . 
  the second link reminds me of the time when reagan , as governor of california , made [ april 10th ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ndh ) the croatian independence day in ca . 
  he was eager to fight communism one way or the other and if that means courting the croatian emigration , so be it . 
  but they do n't look black . 
  and i thought eyjafjallaj\u00f6kull was bad . 
   and if you can get off your high horse for the 5 minutes it takes to enjoy it , you get that feeling of careless fun from the music . 
  i do n't want to get off my high horse . 
  why ? 
  some bands i really love lived in borderline poverty for years , they bled and starved just to write music and play it to people . 
  they managed to be emotional , angry and sound good at the same time . 
  a shitload of them never got one percent of what lmfao and the like have since they were designed and produced just to make money on mindless shit music . 
  so no , i will not go from zen arcade , a horrifying story about a boy leaving home to watch his girlfriend die of drugs and join the army among other things . 
  i wo n't go from `` i do n't know what to do now that pink has turn to blue '' to `` i 'm sexy and i know it '' . 
  not all music has to be depressive or sad or intellectual , but i refuse to go from the pinnacles of artistic expression to two rich guys singing about partying . 
  lock , stock and two smoking barrels cost less than two million dollars . 
  snatch was 10 . 
  kevin smith paid more for the sountrack than he did for production in clerks . 
  they do what the market wants , us or not . 
   believe it or not the 5 blades has `` nicked '' me exactly * one time in 7 + yrs of doing this, 
  exactly one time more than i would be comfortable with . 
  somebody is holding a gun to his head so he has to . 
  everything seems to be in order here . 
  have a nice day madam . 
  fascinating seeing the differences if only young people are asked .
