  i saw the chico movie , and googled some more , but i still fail to see the religious connection here . 
  chico was even jewish ... 
  about the mujahedeen ... everything i know is from some tv reports where the muslim thing was obvious , but i do n't know anything more so i wo n't go on the subject . 
  heh , upvoted , it 's funny i guess . 
  but i guess bnzelic will say the same thing i will ... no more fucking wars . 
  my grandmother has lived in the kingdom of serbs , croats and slovenes , in kingdom of yugoslavia , in the independent state of croatia , democratic federal yugoslavia , federal people 's republic of yugoslavia , socialist federal republic of yugoslavia and today croatia . 
  all in the last 80 years , and she has n't lived anywhere outside the house she was born , where she lives even today . 
  that 's also two or three wars etc. 
  i 'd like to live my life without the need to fight anyone , and i think bnzelic feels the same . 
  if you get your music from the radio you 're not worthy of anything better . 
  i 'm 20 and pretty much despise most of the new music , but there are so many older and less known bands that i do n't have the need to have a good popular band all of the time , only twice a year . 
  oh crap , i must have missed the subtle details in american pie the time i watched it on a phone . 
  fat people generally have a great sense of humor , and are mostly happy and chatty . 
  at least i am . 
  owen from kotaku ? 
  you make the weekends better , man . 
   like , imagine that time when you were a kid and you had your first orgasm and it was like fireworks and shuddering and angels singing and stuff . 
  oh , i remember it like it was yesterday ... just like you wrote it , angels , shuddering and fireworks . 
  ripped of from the big picture . 
  edit : i 'm wrong , i saw it in the guardian . 
  oh goody , another us chart , great . 
  the country that has the worst carriers in the western world , the most restricted cellphones , and the lamest market . 
  the us market is a year late considering the european and asian markets , and really , a chart like this means nothing . 
  you 're spot on , but i want to mention ... free music . 
  you get unlimited free downloads if you own a compatible phone , and you can keep them after a year and listen to them on your pc/phone/whatever . 
  most people do n't know this . 
  the end by the doors, 
  road to hell by chris rea, 
  maybe because the accusations against him prevented to make some ? 
  i go to school with a guy that has asperger 's , but i guess he has a really acute condition ... 
  he acts , for lack of better words , retarded . 
  you ca n't talk to him for more than 20 seconds , he walks around and ca n't hold concentration on anything for more than a minute . 
  but on the web , everybody claiming to have aspergers seems healthy in comparison to my friend . 
  do you think that many people falsly self diagnose themselves with the syndrome ? 
  you 'll try to collect a million because you 'll be granted a wish , but will fall short after a half and die of leukemia ? 
   42-year-old fedex express flight engineer auburn calloway faced termination of employment for lying on his r\u00e9sum\u00e9 about his previous flying experience with the united states navy, 
   calloway , a former navy pilot and a martial arts expert , attacked minutes after take-off . 
  id prefer palm . 
  just sayin ' . 
  abandoned sounds wrong , because it was a deal between the great powers . 
  i 'm really interested what happened with the cop the rioters cought . 
  the orange box was 5 euros the other weekend . 
  6 games . 
  a couple of weeks ago there was a massive blocade by students demanding free education , and most of the public sided with them , bringing them food and beverages while they were blocking universitys , colleges and other high education institutions . 
  the thing is that education in croatia is free de facto , but colleges use different bureaucratic rules to get additional money from students . 
  i 'm going to college in a couple of months and about half of the students wo n't be paying anything , and the lowest half will pay from 1 to 5000 kunas per year ( about one monthly pay , less than 700 euros ) . 
  so yeah , even in a balkan country college is essentially free or cheap . 
  if its anything like e71 and e61 , i 'll buy it . 
  e series phones are easily the best ones around . 
  age of empires 2, 
  it has heather graham ? 
  crap , now i got ta go to the cinema . 
  does anybody know who is on the sticker on the table ? 
  it looks a little like hemingway but i doubt that it 's him . 
  edit : i 'm dumb , it 's mir hossein mousavi , obviously . 
  please ignore me . 
  what about clerks ? 
  i have on my desk right now 16 smartphones , i have used hundreds of phones and i write about them for a living so i like to think i know a thing or two about them . 
  i 've been using a pda for years , with a cell phone , and later a smartphone . 
  after my first one ( nokia n-gage ) i have n't been away from one more than a couple of months . 
  if you know and have the discipline how to use it , it can change your life , or at least the way you 're living it . 
  personally , i use it to organize my time with ota syncing , browsing the web and staying in touch via facebook or other services , playing games ( emulators rule ) , watching movies and listening to music . 
  but , any phone can do that . 
  if you want to do that buy an iphone . 
  but what only a real smartphone can do is doing real work - editing office documents , logging on remote computers , using local or remote databases ... hell , even running a server or running scripts . 
  for that you need a real os - s60 , windows mobile or uiq . 
  the iphones and blackberrys of the world are gimmicks and toys . 
  my personal phones right now are nokia e71 and se xperia x1 . 
  i 'm probably risking being buried , but i do n't like pixar movies that much . 
  only toy story for the nostalgia but that 's it . 
  in croatia you 're an adult at 18 , but 16 if you 've got a job and can get laid when 14 . 
  but buying a beer has n't been a problem even when i was 13 . 
  i understand it , many people own the iphone and look at things differently . 
  some people like to listen to music and call people , other people like to listen to music , edit documents and telneting on your comp . 
  in the same time . 
  holy shit . 
  this is really great . 
  i was awake all night because of the deadline in the morning and had my final oral exam in high school and watched 30rock in between . 
  for instance , wall-e . 
  the hype was so big , some people even said it changed their life . 
  i was trying to ignore all the stories about it , from simple ones to the `` is walle a pinko commie cartoon ? '', 
  articles . 
  the story was developing too slowly and the whole story was wide open early on . 
  really , none of it came as a surprise or had any suspense . 
  technically , it 's magnificent and i respect pixar for that , but the story is so simple that it seems too empty , too mushy , and in some parts near propaganda . 
  the message and symbolism are clear , but it is delivered so simple that it annoys me . 
  every australian that answers yes to that has to get off his ass and riot . 
  i 've downloaded a couple of detailed maps from some site a year or so ago . 
  it had more detailed plans and one of them was to be in lyon in seven days from the start of the war . 
  there was a map of conventional weapons and movements with marked bases and cities that would be targeted with a nuclear weapon . 
  i wear it ... 
  long , straight , curly , fuzzy, 
  snaggy , shaggy , ratty , matty, 
  oily , greasy , fleecy, 
  shining , gleaming , streaming, 
  knotted , polka-dotted, 
  twisted , beaded , braided, 
  powdered , flowered , and confettied, 
  bangled , tangled , spangled , and spaghettied !, 
  i love foobar ... but having to install 12 plugins , downloaded for 10 different web sites , making my installation 200 % larger is not simple .
