  i got the analogy . 
  the beatles were one of the first to make such music and were pioneers , breaking ground in many fields . 
  radiohead 's music is special , but not as unique . 
  actually , i work for a magazine that wants to have `` we played cod on the biggest screen in the country '' on our next cover . 
  i just wanted to know how it works so i 'm ready . 
  thanks . 
  you said radiohead is diverse , as the beatles . 
  i say , diversity today is nothing like diversity then , so the analogy does n't stand . 
  believe it or not , so does rush limbaugh . 
  you left a lot of people confused here . 
  govna means shit in a couple of slavic languages . 
  should we talk about the government ? 
  can you build a concrete shelter in a earthquake stricken country in 24 hours , and have it in a package ready for airlift ? 
  do n't forget firehose !, 
  i actually first heard of radio moscow , then later about the black keys . 
  love them both . 
  make literature matter !, 
  plus , pun thread in the comments . 
  i had reddit on r/vinyl . 
  [ a good reminder why tim burton is shit ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/ce4yr/the_new_alice_in_wonderland_was_the_biggest_piece/c0rxqx8 ), 
  i always say it 's a shame he 's popular , because he is a great actor even if not for his looks and the fact that he 's the guy fucking angelina jolie . 
  the internet really killed porn on paper . 
  wookies do n't live on endor !, 
  i possibly phrased that wrong . 
  it 's not a shame he 's popular , but the fact that he 's popular for being a showbiz target , not for being a great actor . 
  lenovo laptops look like they 're made in the 90s . 
  i love them to death , but some people like pretty things more than quality things . 
  damn , now i have to [ exchange snacks ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/snackexchange/ ) with somebody from the uk . 
  chang is just soooo good as the bad/creepy guy , i have no idea why he 's getting closer to the group . 
  [ if the kids are united they can never be devided ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2gqmixgrjaw ), 
  just a friendly reminder for our us friends :, 
  a lot of european countries have mandatory silence before and on election day when it 's forbidden to air political ads , send letters , give out flyers and organize political rallies . 
  the government is obviously using this to silence the protests . 
  devo is n't my cup of tea , but that album is awesome . 
  love every song off it . 
  what 's a geek , and why should my love of x dictate what music i should like ? 
  but actually it 's a solid list , a lot of obscure stuff and an interesting read . 
  not that i agree with it . 
  [ the times they are a changin ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y8axjbt-txw ) by simon and garfunkel . 
  a great cover . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's a joke , this * is * reddit , the place where it 's never too soon . 
  was tesla ** ever ** shown in a negative light ? 
  let 's not go too far here , even with all of his good sides , hitler was the person responsible for so many deaths it 's not even questionable if he is a mass murdered in anyone 's eyes . 
  napoleon allegedly said : `` croatians , there are best soldiers in the world . 
  if i had only 100,000 croatians , i would conquer the entire world . 
  '' , but outside of local legends i have n't got a confirmed quote he said it . 
   legend has it that attila was convinced by pope leo to turn back when it seemed his invasion of rome seemed imminent , out of respect for religion . 
  one of the greatest mysteries . 
   generally opposes the us ? 
  which is no small feat . 
  i do n't admire him , but have a certain respect for keeping up for so long , and all that against the biggest enemy you can have . 
  the fact that cuba has n't slipped into the sea is a miracle by itself . 
  you do n't get points for lives gained . 
   the man almost conquered the world . 
  if by world you mean most of europe and north africa , then yes . 
  1943 or 1945 to 1991 . 
  actually nevermind , i forgot he died in 1980 . 
  do n't know if you 're local , but tito was very praised during his lifetime , both on the east and west . 
  only when yugoslavia broke up every side of the conflict used some of his worse decisions to justify their nationalist , using truth and lies in the way . 
  he is a very polarising figure and having him in the `` good '' or `` bad '' camp is a mistake . 
  anyone else stopped for a second after `` pirates of the carribean '' ? 
  i was imagining somebody older and wiser and then bam !, 
  my generation . 
  enjoyed the story very much . 
  thank you . 
  english is n't my native language and economy is n't my field , but i 'm interested in the subject and bummed out when all of the simple explanations are n't being realistic or objective . 
   i 'd say that this belongs in / r/askreddit , as this is more a matter of opinion rather than a fact . 
  that was my first choice , but that subreddit can be hostile and i 'm afraid a lot of the responses would be just noise . 
  i 'll try another day . 
  i 'm croatian so obviously i have a different perspective since i never saw a negative perception of tesla . 
  the slander edison attacked him with was a long time ago and since then tesla became a hero among a lot of people , especially on reddit . 
  i mean come on , david bowie potrayed him in a movie . 
  that 's a false dichotomy . 
  stalin won the war but is still considered a mass murderer , along with being the winner . 
  slavery is wrong , bombing of dresden was wrong , nuking japan was atrocious ( although you can argue if it was wrong or not , and that depends on which side you are ) . 
  hitler made a systematic effor to exterminate numerous peoples and religions . 
  it was n't a war crime here or there , it was a huge machine made exclusively for that . 
  i really ca n't find a way for that to be good in anyone 's eyes , even moreso that he is universally condemned , unlike bin laden , castro and others . 
  i first looked at the artist column so avril lavigne confused me . 
   hey stine90 , your sentence is incorrect , this is how it should look . 
  ftfy, 
  can someone explain to me the map on the left ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  not r/bestof material . 
  bitcloud said nothing new and op is presenting this as something special we absolutely must see , like nobody ever made that point before . 
  60 upvotes in 18 hours prove my point , as do most replies in here . 
  it has 17 points , which really proves nothing . 
  in the top half of the page there is one worse rated submission than this one ( posted at least an hour ago ) , meaning that it 's not tough to get on that top half . 
   perhaps if you 'd clarified why you thought it was n't bestof material in the first place, 
  i did :, 
   bitcloud said nothing new and op is presenting this as something special we absolutely must see , like nobody ever made that point before . 
  i 'm not saying that what bitcloud said is wrong or not interesting , but if that is `` best of '' , then we 've fallen pretty low . 
  it 's just a normal post , nothing above average . 
   strained to finish , causing an aneurysm in his brain . 
  afraid to take a shit now . 
  seriously ? 
  and sweden ? 
  finland ? 
  lower minimum wage , lower social welfare and lower standard of living and you get * any * european country , even in the east . 
  i get that many vacation time , i pay my college nothing or very little , the same as healthcare , and crime is low , yet i live in an eastern european country many redditors could n't point on the map or knew if we had a war going on .
