  that 's more `` finding evidence for current or recent processes '' than archeology . 
  reminds me of [ this one ] ( http://i.imgur.com/rzbe2.jpg ) i made . 
  i put `` sent from mobile '' in my signature so people know i 'm not home at the moment , do n't have all my files with me and not in the position to write a lenghty e-mail so people do n't get pissed for answering yes or no . 
  ta da !, 
  as someone who does n't care much about multiplayer , i 'm disappointed by the lack of creativity in modern fps games . 
  hud reminds me of ghost recon : aw2, 
  that does n't mean they should make shitty singleplayer campaigns . 
  which does n't have much to do with the war , since both germany and japan were big economic powerhouses before the war . 
  today , they are the same , but in their smaller borders . 
  well i agree . 
  do it good or just go back to the old bot system as in bf2 . 
  was expecting a dedicated real time strategy subreddit . 
  who looks better in goggles , claudia or river ? 
  i 'm not sure people from outside europe ( or even different countries in europe ) would have the same outlook on things . 
  there are n't much people * anywhere * that would say they think the government is doing a good job , but some of them obviously are . 
  everyone kills hitler on their first time . 
  in the 80s , the us . 
  mostly because of the music and bands , and the huge changes in history , but other than that , i enjoy modern civilization too much . 
  they do n't belong on the chart , but permission to land is my guilty pleasure album . 
  like the whole android spirit , this can be solved with giving the user options . 
  i like htc sense , but if i were forced to use a motorola phone they i would very much like to have a simple option just to turn it off . 
  wrong wording , i 'll correct it . 
  i 'm thinking askreddit would have a less religious and more historical answer to this , and it is a bigger crowd . 
  have n't thought about it much , really . 
  thanks . 
  ms jackson ? 
  agreed . 
  the plan was to troll the rest of the web , not a single guy , by making a video famous . 
  it does n't matter if he 's a redditor or not , the point is to spread this and confuse people . 
  it looks like one half of reddit thought that the purpose was to troll the rest of the web , thus making the actual video ( and its author ) irrelevant , and the other half wanted to troll a single guy with a lot of views . 
  at this point it looks like both ideas got ruined , a lot of baseless accusations got thrown around and the whole joke is ruined . 
  yes , sorry for being liberal , inexperienced and hating war , my bad op . 
  hey , here 's a radical idea : how about you hold on until we get all the facts straight , get all the evidence and then start insulting people and starting a witchhunt . 
  because , some of us thought the prank to be on the rest of the web , not a single youtuber , making it irrelevant what the video is , thus making the original video the april fools prank we were thinking of doing . 
  also , we have no proof that he is taking any money for himself . 
  as i see , he is currently getting approved for adsense and says he 'll donate the money to japan . 
  until we see otherwise , i 'm inclined to a ) believe him , or b ) wait for some evidence that he and i_rape_cats are `` fucking scum '' . 
  the only scum here are kneejerking idiots not thinking two seconds before calling for someones head . 
  i 'm from croatia , a little southern than you were planning , but i just wanted to say that i love the ny times frugal traveler . 
  always interesting . 
  i love the hanson brothers . 
  but the hanson brothers , not so much . 
  are there any allo allo viewers here to confirm that the policeman sounds exactly like this ? 
  ( no youtube link , i 'm on a phone ), 
  countrymen just means they live in the same borders , at least for now . 
  the whole federation is forced and if the west ignores it ( again ) , all hell will break loose . 
  football or politics , there 's got ta be a way to fix this . 
  why would croatia be banned ? 
  they actually sent a fridge of the stuff to the magazine i work for . 
  dear frederick , thank you for your nice letter , but i am actually a us marine who was born to kill , whereas clearly you seem to have mistaken me for some sort of wine sipping , communist dick suck . 
  and although peace probably appeals to tree hugging bi-sexuals like you and your parents , i happen to be a death-dealing , blood-crazed warrior who wakes up every day just hoping for the chance to dismember my enemies and defile their civilizations . 
  peace sucks a hairy asshole , freddy . 
  war is the mother-fucking answer . 
  i 'm just pissed that youtube , something the internet generation hailed as their ( our ) own tv , has so low standards for comedy . 
  the problem is n't that they 're fat . 
  the problem is n't that they think walking is a chore . 
  the problem is n't even in bending backwards to do favours for people just to avoid conflicts . 
  the problem is that they are just dumb people . 
  not really grounds for disqualification , is it ? 
  btw , did n't downvote you . 
  i 'm afraid it would only make things worse . 
  not having the almighty fifa watching over us we would be way worse . 
  national organizations like hns and fss should be the ones giving huge fines , not to even mention that the whole ustase and cetnik signs should be illegal in the first place . 
  it 's a long way ahead of us , 
  i 'm talking draconian measures if needed . 
  registering people in stadiums , banning hiding faces , whatever it takes . 
  i 'm sick of it . 
  i 've heard good things about the ho chi min school of medicine . 
  love the band . 
  anyone know anything about new materials ? 
  rospaya : `` fuck you , twitter ! '', 
  pizda comes from pi\u010dka , which means vagina , or more closer : cunt . 
  bioshock was universally acclaimed and , if i recall correctly , it is still one of the best rated games in the last decade . 
   a fun fact might be that both nirvana and bananarama covered songs by the same band . 
  shocking blue . 
  [ venus ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8lhkyycvuhk ) and [ love buzz ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0sg6oxizikk ) . 
  - it 's made in bad taste , the art is just tacky, 
  - it may be `` too soon '' for some people, 
  - the analogy with darth vader does n't work, 
  i 've been thinking ... what makes a band amass a huge teenage girlie following ? 
  30 seconds to mars have a fanatical following , and their [ echelon ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/30_seconds_to_mars#the_echelon ) seems to consist of rabid teenage girls not unlike a female version of justin bieber 's fanbase . 
  the hold steady ? 
  good show indeed . 
  buried . 
  i maxed out at level 10 with a friend , until we changed our playing style , looked at a couple of strategy videos on youtube and got somewhat better at playing . 
  we went to 29 withing a week . 
  are there unlimited anything hacks for xbox ? 
  i was thinking more like glitches i can use when regular playing becomes boring ( offline ) . 
  truly hacking and modding the game does n't sound that appealing . 
  this is n't the first time . 
  not the second even , joel has an account here and occasionally trolls reddit . 
  probably for attention or traffic . 
  the phone was probably shit , as opera mini is awesome in almost every situation . 
  now that 's a nice and polite subreddit . 
  op is shallow . 
  but on the other hand knowing who kafka was is common knowledge . 
  it may be my european education , but it would be a challenge to find someone who has n't heard about kafka . 
  do n't know how the system work abroad , but where i live it is expected to know a minimum in all fields , and build on that later on . 
  nope , it 's not that one . 
  the only personal thing i remember is a soldier that got lost and took clothes from a dead guy , luftwaffer pilots releasing extra fuel on a retreating column , one of the retreating boats shooting a german plane down , a couple of old french tanks , taking of paris ...
