  barely ? 
  he had 52 % and 42 states , that 's more than twice as much as the next guy , santorum . 
  that 's a shame because it 's harder for me to read them . 
  it 's not so black and white , and not nearly as simple . 
  but yugoslavia was the only country that liberated itself . 
  the partisans were a strong force . 
  omitting the 3rd ( and fourth , and fifth ... ) party option is n't fair , since a lot of those countries are used to a lot of choices in any election . 
  also , foreign voters might have very limited knowledge about both platforms , which makes any sample mostly uninformed . 
  obama gets a lot of points for being an incumbent . 
  it works without a facebook account . 
  if you have one of [ these ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_health_insurance_card ) ( and they 're free ) , basic healthcare would be free . 
  the us constitution disagrees . 
  split your lungs, 
  huh . 
  i was imagining a middle aged nerd , not a girl . 
  show !, 
  u tehnoloskom sektoru je to big deal . 
  i 'm such a lazy ass , i still have n't sent the postcard . 
  [ daniel radcliffe beat you to it ] ( http://www.inquisitr.com/141416/pic-daniel-radcliffes-brilliant-anti-paparazzi-strategy/ ) . 
  scrap yugoslavia off that list . 
  i 'm sorry , i did n't see your disclamers . 
  yugoslavia was socialist and independent from the ussr . 
  sorry to be direct , but your answer is bullshit and you are glossing over the fact that assad is a brutal dictator like his father , and that the civil war grew out of inequalities made by his regime . 
  all of the religious tolerance now goes to shit when you give guns to the opressed majority , since assad 's alawites held every meaningful position in government and comprise only 12 % of the population . 
  the number of foreign fighters is n't any bigger than foreigners that fight on assad 's side , and their influence is overstated . 
  rebels are still armed with light weapons and are radically underpowered when compared to the syrian army which has armored units and warplanes . 
  one side is being financed by russia , iran and china , and the other by gulf countries and the us . 
  russia has its only mediterranean port in syria . 
   before the ` opposition ' started fighting there was n't planes bombing cities or tanks rolling on the streets, 
  bloody rebels , fighting for their rights . 
  the violence started when government forces cracked down on peaceful demonstrations , killing protesters . 
  so it 's clear who started it . 
   the simple fact of the matter is , this was started from the outside of syria and its always easy to find a section of the population who hates the government , especially when they are brutal . 
  awful reasoning and bullshit facts . 
  every government has enemies and in the wider context of the arab spring protests were natural , as they were in tunisia , egypt , libya and other countries , nobody from the outside had to start it . 
   and others that have been part of overthrowing governments and making wars for a long time . 
  yes , but that does n't mean that it has been started from the outside . 
  you have no evidence of that , and i have listed countries where the same thing happened . 
  tunisia , egypt and libya were ruled by dictators and they have been overthrown , more or less bloody . 
  the same thing is happening in syria and as in those countries there are forces from the outside trying to influence things , but you have to be blind to say that they started it . 
   let 's take a second to recognize their humility, 
  of course , awesome move . 
  but friends do n't let friends buy shit , even if it is for charity . 
  edit : buy skullcandy , their products are great, 
  he said `` really good looking guy '' , not really really really ridiculously good looking . 
  i enjoy being myself and if that hurts my chances so be it . 
  becoming patrick bateman may be a way of getting girls , but not being happy with yourself . 
  it 's simple but gruesome . 
  the rebels want assad out , but as with libya , we have little idea how many of them want an islamic or secular state once he 's out . 
  the west and the arab world support them because syria is practically iran 's proxy and assad 's family rules the country with an iron fist since 1970 . 
  russia and china want to push back western influence in the middle east . 
  russia has a port there , and iran uses it influence lebanon and sponsor attacks against israel ... iran has less and less allies and losing syria would screw them up . 
  currently the support for the rebels is weak . 
  there 's covert and intelligence support from the west and more material support from the gulf countries who want assad out . 
  turkey could have entered the conflict but did n't want to jeopardise relations with russia and do something that would piss the us off , because of the elections and the fact that the current administration has little idea what to do with syria . 
  not to go all ad hominem on you , but the link is from cif , the section of the guardian for opinions , not news , and the guy is half comedy writer , half journalist that has a thing for the bilderberg group . 
  it 's conspiracy theory stuff and nobody takes it seriously . 
  by all means , go buy skullcandy then . 
  great idea and i support it ( and if anyone has any great longform articles to share please do ) . 
  the video is lame and i almost closed it on gangnam style , but i like where they 're heading . 
  i fucked the chick from hanson . 
  `` hivemind '' , the term people use when they want to look smart and different from the unwashed masses of reddit , the horde that wants churches burned and catholics thrown into the ocean . 
  wow . 
  this is awful . 
  opera has over 100m users . 
  i do n't think they need hope . 
  the fuzziest artist around , and super productive at that . 
  i thought they do n't play it live . 
  saw them a few years ago and it was n't on the setlist . 
  actually it 's / r/boltedontits and it exists . 
   when ronald reagan uttered the immortal line, 
  what line specifically ? 
  in some countries just rare videos have text ads , and i have never seen a video ad while at home , only abroad . 
  i know a guy who consumes all of his music off youtube . 
  it 's one part horrifying , and one part interesting . 
  any song he wants is up there and you can easily set up playlists . 
  if he wants to put it on his phone he just downloads it with one of those youtube to mp3 tools . 
  if he wants to send it to someone , it 's just a link . 
  he 's not impressed by audio quality or any other issue . 
  it 's simple as hell and it works . 
   i really do not understand why people downvote you . 
  i can quote you an article for every your link that says that the threat is overstated and that the * problems * are n't new or spreading . 
  and fetuses , but only for liberals . 
   what is the one thing immigrant kids do ? 
  study . 
   immigrants will far less likely commit crimes because they are afraid because they know that they are an immigrant . 
  i in no way agree with golden dawn , but you are throwing a lot of your own assumptions as facts here . 
  the situation in greece may be radically different from the one in canada for all you know . 
   tl ; dr stop blaming the average worker for the economic problems of a country you 're just being fooled, 
  so the average worker can in no way be guilty ? 
  greece got shafted by its own government , but the masses themselves did n't help either . 
  maybe it 's the same thing as the [ seinfeld is unfunny trope ] ( http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/main/seinfeldisunfunny ) ? 
  warning : tvtropes link . 
  is serfdom slavery ? 
  actually this comment got to me :, 
   someone broke in to my housemate 's car on two separate occasions when he left it unlocked , here in the uk . 
   first time they left a garden hoe . 
   second time they left a fully working vacuum cleaner . 
   i live in an ok neighbourhood . 
  i live in a city of a million people and do n't even know anyone who had their car stolen or broken into .
