  reservations are cheap . 
  at least where i live , they do n't pass a couple of euros . 
  the admins regularly say that one of the goals of reddit is to have fully independent subreddits . 
  that 's the reason why i was against the sopa blackout for the whole site . 
  private subreddits should be able to decide that for themselves . 
  there could easily be private subreddits that are used by businesses for various things , and now they are frozen for 12 hours worldwide , not just in the us . 
  edit : could the downvoters at least explain where i 'm wrong ? 
  edit 2 : i found the [ quote ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/redditoroftheday/comments/bzgth/ketralnis_redditor_of_the_day_may_3_2010/ ) i was looking for :, 
   i hope to see more of that type of growth of microcommunities . 
  i 'd really like to , in the future , meet someone who tells me all about this great site they use to discuss their favourite sports team or get news about their city and find out that it 's reddit but that they have no idea what reddit is , because we 're that good for building a community and staying out of the way of the news and discussion . 
  as a european , i 'm pissed that i have to give up reddit for a day because of stupid us legislation . 
  if i had a subreddit i would gladly black it out in solidarity , but forcing [ 35 % ] ( http://blog.reddit.com/2012/01/2-billion-beyond.html ) of foreigners to look at a black screen is n't cool . 
  ( disclamer : i heavily disagree with ron paul ), 
  reddit is doing a sopa blackout and it is worldwide . 
  i have zero ways and zero desire to influence legislation in another country . 
  neverending story ... nanana nanana nanana . 
  i like it . 
  it 's cute , light and mildly funny . 
  great for a quick fix . 
  politics are one thing , reddit another . 
  it is estimated that north korea spends a quarter of its gdp on its military . 
  this is an old explanation that has been around reddit for dozens of times , not to mention rest of the web . 
  no need for bestof . 
  here 's a tough one . 
  what do you think about the current us policy towards israel ? 
  also , it says on your wikipedia entry that you are one of the wealthiest member of congress . 
  what do you think about occupy wall street movement ? 
  not as good , but still solid . 
  it says that the us debt is around 9 trillion usd , 99 % of the us gdp . 
  but the us gdp is 14,5 trillion us . 
  it looks like the percentage is of total debt and the number is just external debt . 
  edit : ignore me , i 'm dumb . 
  thanks . 
  back when the un had balls . 
  will it be us geolocation or whole english wikipedia ? 
  us is n't the only country with english as its main language . 
  please , * doctor * spaceman is my dad . 
  call me leo . 
  `` billy joel is n't half bad '', 
  i got to meet and interview a couple of musicians , but one of the best were the thermals . 
  we just talked about politics and music for most of the hour , often forgetting that there 's a microphone there . 
  they opened up about any subject and it was very pleasant talking to one of my favorite bands like that . 
  slovenia has the privilege of being close to europe and physically detached from serbia and bosnia , with small minorities . 
  sorry , it 's a balkan thing . 
  we 're in europe geographically , but not mentally . 
  only when we start functioning as in the west will we be `` in europe '' . 
  i live west of vienna and north of rome , but that does n't mean anything until i start acting like it . 
  / r/anarchism is the king of subreddit drama . 
  why ? 
  do cell phones just die all the time or what ? 
  because of its government or hundreds of other reasons ? 
  maybe in the us . 
  i never had a dropped call , ever , and the last low quality call i remember was still on nmt , way before gsm became standard . 
  it is the first and last nokia phone to run meego . 
  they should charge it to make some money on it . 
  we would be paying for the app , not content that can still be easily found on m.wikipedia.org . 
  it says lucerne on the left bank . 
  edit : ignore me , i 'm dumb . 
  i do n't get it . 
  for what it 's worth , the phone really is awesome . 
  gen 2 would have been the best phone around . 
  oh god i 'm slow . 
  i get it now , thanks . 
  except , you know : hackers hackers hackers hackers !, 
  the music i like is n't made for dancing . 
  well , you 're half right . 
  your first sentence at least . 
  i would substitute number of parties for parliamentary and presidential systems . 
  also , what about parliamentart monarchies ? 
  as a croat :, 
  it is n't compatible and there 's no doubt about that . 
  every media outlet reported on this and there was universal condemnation , but the state ca n't interfere in a private mass by a priest , and it would be a really long shot to try him for promoting totalitarian regimes . 
  the state ca n't do anything and the church turns a blind eye , because `` communism was bad too , mmkay ! '', 
  just as i was about to say that efraim zuroff is already on this case , i noticed that he 's the author of the article . 
  why did i even doubt that . 
  what ongoing nasty ethnic politics are you talking about ? 
  and no , i do n't think it can be acceptable in any way . 
  the hitler analogy is n't far off since he was a genocidal monster and people that witnessed his crimes are still alive . 
  i review stuff for a living , and if there 's a single advice i can give to my readers : read the reviews . 
  the scores are here because advertisers love them , and after writing two pages about something , my thoughts ca n't be summed up in a single number . 
  check out music festivals in croatia . 
  terraneo ( indie ) had the best vibe i 've seen on a festival and it was dirt cheap , with a lot of things to do in nearby towns . 
  then you have garden festival ( british organized , electronic music ) which seems to be popular with foreigners , outlook and others . 
  all of them no more than a couple of hours from zadar airport which has regular flights to london . 
  crap . 
  i had my kindle sent to me from the us , and paid double the price in customs and other fees . 
  if only i knew . 
   and where someone is located geographically has no bearing on how racist something is . 
  yes it very much has . 
  culture defines racism and not every country has the same culture . 
  blackface is racist because it was used derogatory in the past . 
  if it was n't , and if the conotations were positive , blackface would n't be racist today , right ? 
  [ check out ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/blackface#modern-day_manifestations ) other blackfaces in other cultures , where it is n't seen as racist . 
  context is everything . 
   on last nights show , the `` entertainer '', 
  until yesterday half of reddit had a hardon on bill and even if you do n't like his stances , he still is an entertainer . 
  do n't be childish . 
   stuck close to his masters and made some incredibly ignorant comments about sopa . 
  i can get that his comments are ignorant , but maybe he actually supports sopa . 
  maybe he is n't bowing to anyone , but thinks it 's a good idea , how about that ?
