  it 's not about shooting one or two lousy missiles down . 
  it 's another nation becoming a belligerent . 
  hawaii sweet hawaii . 
  rip off from bash.org . 
  germany paid its fair share more than once . 
   the reparations would become a decisive part of israel 's income , comprising as high as 87.5 % of the state income in 1956 . 
  also , the war was incredibly costly , taking over 4 % of gdp at its height . 
  vietnam took 2.3 , iraq and afghanistan not more than 2 % combined . 
  i heard john wayne was a nazi . 
  rocknrolla was n't bad . 
  contagion sucked . 
  the idea and story were great , but the movie sucked . 
  i 'm not from the us so someone correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  scotus interprets the constitution , right ? 
  so if you want to blame somebody , that should be the founding fathers , not the court . 
  edit : downvotes for asking a question ? 
  not cool . 
  yugoslav constitution of 1974 included the right of `` peoples '' to secede . 
  former yugoslav republics base their secession on that part , and kosovo bases its independence on the elevated status given to provinces . 
  thank you . 
  they did the same thing in my school just before windows 7 got out . 
  i asked a question and they offered me a book or a game . 
  today i 'm sorry i took halo instead of `` intro to c # '' or something . 
  exactly the reason why i ca n't stand rage faces . 
  it 's lower than fart humor is in real life . 
  funny at first , but after it became a barage of `` le this '' and `` fuuuu '' for every minor inconvenience i had to block some of my friends for becoming really annoying . 
  now i ca n't stand even the small doses . 
  i 'm calling it . 
  dehydration . 
  i 'm so used to gestures i ca n't even think of a better feature . 
  you could look at czechoslovakia , too . 
  yugoslavia was a specific case , and an interesting one because russia had its problems in the same time and did n't have a big role in it . 
  [ what killed jfk : the hate that ended his presidency is eerily familiar . 
  ] ( http://nymag.com/news/frank-rich/jfk-2011-11/ ), 
  this is shit . 
  a lot if assumptions , a lot of mistakes and completely ignoring the soviet union . 
  watch fatherland or read the man in the high castle . 
  i remember a certain cunt_smeller_inc some time ago . 
  related anecdote . 
  in 1980 , just after marshall tito of yugoslavia died a band ( zabranjeno pu\u0161enje or smoking is forbidden ) had a concert during which a marshall amp broke down . 
  the singer said `` marshall died '' and they got into a lot of trouble because the authorities thought they were being ironic . 
  so i guess the marshall died today . 
  what ?!, 
  rt is a kremlin mouthpiece , a modern propaganda network , while bbc has a strict line between the ruling government and its managment . 
  if anything , bbc has too much objectivity , always trying to show both sides of the issue , no matter how wrong one side is . 
  i have n't laughed once . 
  it just is n't funny for me . 
  condi rice played the piano real good . 
  what are your feelings on the movie eurotrip ? 
  note : on wikipedia this map sources another map that does n't exist and has [ citation needed ] by it . 
  definitely wrong on my country where the us has no bases and someone would surely notice a thousand foreign soldiers stationed somewhere . 
  `` we wo n't poop on the floor '', 
  we have facilities that we share with nato , but none of them even hold that many troops . 
  more than a thousand us troops would be 1/10 of our own armed forces , and with bases in kosovo , germany , italy and romania nearby i do n't see why there would be that much us soldiers stationed here . 
  not to mention that there has been zero press reports about such a deployment . 
  blue indicates semen . 
  am i the only one who does n't have a rule which tourists are rude ? 
  i 've seen both good and bad french , british , german , american tourists and making a general rule out of common civility seems like needless stereotyping . 
  i really ca n't find the article , but i remember reading that the holocaust did n't bend germany 's gdp that much . 
  i was amazed at the low figure . 
  i 'll keep looking . 
  the daily mail wrote about him ? 
  is he causing cancer or something ? 
  ebert actually gave the reunion [ three out of four ] ( http://rogerebert.suntimes.com/apps/pbcs.dll/article?aid=/20120404/reviews/120409993 ) . 
  douche chill ... 
  death by slicing ? 
  i 'm from zagreb as well . 
  you know the new buildings in sopnica ? 
  the mayor gave a lot of apartments there to gypsy families , only to find them destroying the building , ripping up pipes and selling them , harrasing people who worked their asses off to buy an apartment there . 
  after seeing things like that with my on eyes , being called a racist on reddit pisses me off . 
  black sabbath had a lot of christian references in their songs , which i love if it 's not evangelic . 
  [ after forever ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fkmyz8juzww ) is a good example of that . 
  when most people think they 're a bunch of satanists it 's good to listen to the lyrics . 
  if done well , with enough options and sensors to control it , i could live with a lot shorter battery life . 
  i like my women how i like my filesystems . 
  made by a guy who killed his wife . 
  the thing is even if putin did n't fake elections , he had an extremely unfair advantage . 
  the kind of free speech you have in the us mostly does n't work elsewhere , and stop forcing it . 
  every culture has its own rules . 
  the day the us abolishes the death penalty is the day you can start lecturing others on human rights . 
  as others said , it depends . 
  my toshiba has a couple of usb ports that work while the computer is shut down , they are labeled differently and they can be turned off in the settings if needed . 
  do n't you mean reddit enhancement suite reddit enhancement suite reddit enhancement suite reddit enhancement suite reddit enhancement suite reddit enhancement suite reddit enhancement suite, 
  hahahahahaha i 'm so funny !, 
  nice headline you got there . 
  i was expecting inspector monk . 
  still , was n't disappointed . 
  you know which maps look like dicks ? 
  the best kinds !, 
  he 's the funniest character on the show . 
  like chang was on community , before they made him less evil . 
  i 'm from croatia and [ these ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/kindle/comments/ndxb5/foreigner_that_bought_a_us_kindle/ ) were my experiences . 
  croatia is n't in the eu for another year or so , but it should be similar for you . 
  the package came to the central post office , i came to collect it and pay vat for it . 
  there were no import charges because i brought the printed amazon page that served as a bill and the device was n't above some limit . 
  before picking it up i had to pay something like $ 40 at the local regulatory agency because it had wifi so it had to have some kind of certificate that it does n't use frequencies that are reserved here . 
  that 's no longer necessary , but just saying . 
  i took the package , paid the vat on the product and delivery price , and went on my merry way . 
  the price in the end was almost double what my basic kindle costs , but excluding the certificate it should n't be much more than a quarter of the price . 
  vat is 27 % in hungary so expect to pay a third , if your experiences are similar to mine .
