  cherry cola . 
  unfortunately . 
  people are getting arrogant with high prices . 
  as a local , that pisses me off . 
  me too . 
  i know 4-5 people irl who know about it and do n't really talk about it much . 
  bigger than expected , if i may say so . 
  and i do n't know shit about math but ca n't stop watching all of her videos . 
   more subversive than anyone else on earth . 
   the mtv movie awards were always quite bad, 
  best movie winners : se7en , pulp fiction , the matrix , a few good men , napoleon dynamite , all three lotr movies . 
  it was n't always shit . 
  with the piano bit ? 
  layla by derek and the dominos . 
  you could fill books with balkan insults . 
  so when i read any data about life expectancy , it is about people currently alive ? 
  their hommage to new jersey was great . 
  which son ? 
  tracy jr or george forman ? 
  i understand your concern , but will there ever be a thread about macedonia ( this or that one ) where this issue wo n't come up ? 
  reserve this argument for a time when it will be relevant . 
  and i 'm fine by that . 
  fincher did n't make a bad movie . 
  republic , which means you do n't vote for every single decision the government makes , you vote for a person who will vote for you . 
  i 'm ... not sure what to say but i feel the need to do more than upvote . 
  in a really really small part . 
  the us is n't in europe just because we ca n't defend ourselves , it is because it is in us best interest to have a stronghold in europe , even after the cold war . 
  even if somehow the us retreated , there is no immediate threat to europe which would require a massive army . 
  even if ( for the sake of argument ) russia rises again , it would leave plenty of time build stronger armies . 
  france and uk have expeditionary possibilities , germany is almost pacifist and other countries are n't interested in wars and armies . 
  the main issue from my perspective is the lack of coordination in the eu . 
  a common foreign and military policy . 
  with german troops training in france and the french building a carrier with the british , something almost impossible at any other point in history , we can make it . 
  i 'm a croat and it certainly does n't help anything . 
  very interesting story . 
  thanks for sharing . 
  most of the comments are seriously unfunny crap and [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/doesanybodyelse/comments/hxj1p/dae_wonder_what_the_most_secret_secret_in_the/c1z8o3b ) fine comment is getting unnoticed . 
  now i remembered why i 'm not subscribed to this subreddit . 
  you know you have a problem when you recognise both the male and female actors . 
  it was best offed in the meantime . 
  i have a feeling dice is the one eating shit here . 
  they are probably forced to gimp their game for the publisher . 
  i 'm torn because i do n't play games much and bf3 was going to be purchase # 3 of 2011 . 
  i 'm not easily excited by games and bf3 was supposed to be * the one * . 
   so out of sympathy for dice you will still purchase the game ? 
  sympathy is reserved for smaller developers which need money to function and make games . 
  i 'm not afraid for dice , whatever the outcome of this dlc thing is . 
  yes :(, 
  any more of these ? 
  i 'm shaking just looking at it . 
  if any country in the region has the power to transform ( at least a little ) without the bloodshed , it 's jordan . 
  i hope the king can be a force for good here . 
  chin job for me . 
  or just a regular hole that goes down to china . 
  we have waited centuries for this moment . 
  the rivers will flow with the blood of those who oppose us . 
  do n't have the link , but i think it was big in r/pics two days ago . 
  as someone from the region : read more . 
   anna nichole smith from the mid-2000s, 
  for anybody thinking she 's dead in this picture - [ she 's not ] ( http://www.celebitchy.com/6343/picture_of_dead_anna_nicole_smith_extreme_warning/ ) . 
  her death pics are different and i do n't suggest googling them . 
  well you know , 500 years versus thousands of years ... not saying which one is more important to an american , but i 'm positive which one has more material . 
  what you 're trying to say is ... do n't mention the war ? 
  but it refers to somebody still in training . 
  nick oliveri ? 
  is that you ? 
  * ( alternative punchline ) *, 
  techno viking ? 
  you sure it 's from the same guy ? 
  a lot of people use countryballs . 
  only public , government owned ones . 
  which is beautiful as a tourist . 
  i skipped madame tussards and spent a couple of days visiting tate modern , british museum , imperial war museum and other goodies . 
  it 's what i make in 7 years . 
  edit : bad math . 
  i make that in 83 years . 
  you ca n't expect such swift reforms in that region . 
  look how tunisia and egypt look now . 
  this is n't simple . 
  abdullah abdullah is an afghan politician . 
  bad math on my part , it 's 83 years . 
  someone mentioned that gamestop alone sells over half of all copies of a certain title . 
  that could mean huge losses for a aaa title like bf3 . 
  - my profession is quite hated by most people , but modern society could n't work without it . 
  i 'm paid to be critical . 
  - i have a great predisposition to be an alcoholic . 
  - the pay is low , the impact is big . 
  which are getting fucking annoying . 
  i do most of my work in ms word , but i use google docs for sharing and editing when i 'm not home . 
  are you planning to raise compatibility , or implement some kind of syncing ? 
  when i download a document from docs i first have to spend some time editing it so it would look the way i 'd like . 
  is that a word or gdocs problem ? 
  i hated the simple morality issues ( ferry scene ) and naivete of some characters . 
  also the fact that it is no longer a batman movie , but just some superhero in new york , certainly not gotham . 
  but it was very well made . 
  taken was very popular . 
  it made over 200 million on a 25 million budget . 
  somewhat related but no . 
  it is a low blow using children for anything , but `` hating fags '' and `` loving family member despite their sexuality '' fall into different categories . 
  i agree with you in the sense that it 's not cool , but not that it is in any league near the wbc .
