  the worst crimes that people i know endure are drunken fights and stolen cellphones . 
  i do n't have any illusions about safety , but i had no idea stuff like this is `` good '' . 
  [ moja reakcija ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xsylbxy-sik ) . 
  preko bare to ide uz word of mouth , no kod nas treba bar reklame . 
   on the other hand , the west would love an excuse to get involved . 
  it would n't . 
  assad 's regime attacked turkey , brought down their airplane and massacred thousands of civilians . 
  there is more casus belli than in libya , but syria is n't libya and russian/iranian interests are far more stronger here . 
  if they wanted to they would do it already , but there is no will for a strong military involvment in the west . 
  that 's the point . 
  this subreddit is n't your facebook feed , and submissions of well known and popular songs and artists drowns out any other meaningful discussions or links . 
  this is n't / r/random _ songs . 
  i love the song and i like neil young , but posting random popular songs is the lowest and most useless thing this subreddit could be used for . 
  imagine all the discussions , rare links , new bands and interesting news we could be seeing here . 
  instead we get a hundred reposts of songs everybody knows , just to reap cheap karma . 
  i got sued by t-mobile for making a gif out of their logo turning into a swastika when i was 14 . 
  fun times . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ikpl54hn80m ), 
  there 's a short book on the matter . 
  it does n't paint a pink picture though , but you have to remember it 's just fiction . 
  sad ti i to smeta ? 
   culminating in a ground invasion, 
  nobody on any side is considering an invasion . 
  iran is a couple of times bigger than iraq , it is ethnically homogenous and has a fairly big army . 
  a ground invasion would be the bloodiest war since vietnam . 
   is in the top 20 richest countries on earth . 
  no way . 
  iran is 77th in gdp per capita . 
  pure gdp does n't show much . 
  angola is beside new zealand and norway next to algeria . 
  the us lives on its military being # 1 . 
  kulturno diskutiram i bilo bi fer to i od ostalih . 
  to mi smeta . 
   i do n't think this is very sane . 
  let 's be friends , 
   nije sad do omjera, 
  edit :, 
  koliko je bilo intervencija do sada ? 
  hvala . 
  last resort turned into a soap opera . 
  maybe because of the hacking possibilities ? 
  b-b-b-b-b-b -, 
  i bet the blu ray decision ( if true ) was very hard . 
  broadband is n't getting better fast enough to finally make a console without a physical disc , not to mention how pissed retailers would be without having anything to sell . 
  and no netflix , amazon , grooveshark ... the internet was great then , right ? 
   only 2.5 % of italy 's population could speak standard italian when the nation unified in 1861 . 
  the first link takes a very lazy definition of europe , emitting russia and the caucasus which would add a lot of area . 
   yeah , xbox live is bullshit . 
  xbox live is leaps ahead of anything sony or nintendo did . 
  oh that carrie !, 
  the `` u '' in the upper left corner is the sign of usta\u0161e , the organization that ran ndh ( independent state of croatia ) during wwii , a fascist puppet regime . 
  master troll sir . 
  i traveled over two countries to listen to them in vienna and my experience was a letdown , but more due to a bad location and bad mixing/sound . 
  kevin was apologetic about is the whole time . 
  what i 'm wondering is why the hell did they have so little european dates ? 
  why are they all holding the bottle wrong ? 
  [ you would love mine then ] ( http://i.imgur.com/kdbm6.jpg ) . 
  i use pop3 to get them in microsoft outlook , without deleting them on the server . 
  with my phone around i rarely have the need to log into gmail , at least this account . 
  me too . 
  excellent advice in that pdf . 
  i sense tv tropes links in this thread ... 
  edit : safe !, 
  and for the guy that made the mess : / r/shittingadvice . 
  edit : my god ... it actually exists . 
  oh god i need this so much . 
  good . 
  just do n't get somebody worse to replace him . 
  holy shit . 
  chang was always better on the outside , as a villain . 
  so did nate silver , and he did n't listen to him . 
  did n't they ask for too much so he did n't buy it ? 
  he talks about it in the unplugged session . 
   nearly everything is ( often misused ) rage comics . 
  99 % of the population is adolescent , immature and frankly of sub-average intellect . 
  people will hang on to this and say reddit is the same , while blaming the `` hivemind '' or whatever . 
  the point is reddit is flexible and ( like a certain websit [ e ] ( http://www.zombo.com ) ) everything is possible . 
  i like adolescent humor so i 'll read fu , funny and other subreddits , but in the same time i love smart answers by smart people in / r/askhistorians or insightful discussions in / r/europe or / r/letstalkmusic . 
  your choice of subreddits make up what reddit is to you . 
  sorry for hijacking your post . 
  i 'll quote steve albini on this :, 
   industry aside , what 's your opinion on the current global interest of american punk/alternative bands , i.e. 
  the white stripes , the strokes , the yeah , yeah , yeah 's ? 
   the strokes fucking suck man . 
  they 're a hype job . 
   so , not a big strokes fan then ? 
   it 's immaterial on whether i 'm a strokes fan or not , they are a hype job . 
  they have purchased publicity , they have purchased media attention . 
  they are not a band that has their own organic following . 
  i would consider the strokes a parasitic aberration . 
  my point is that they are not a part of this american punk rock scene that you are talking about . 
  the white stripes have been around for years , they are more involved in the roots , garage rock underground . 
  there are many different layers of the american punk scene , and i do n't think that it 's represented in the specific bands that you mentioned . 
  when i think of the punk scene , i think of something that 's stylistically punk sounding . 
  that style has not necessarily received anymore attention in the last couple of years . 
  edit : downvoting my post just because you do n't agree with it is against the spirit of this subreddit and basically just asshole behavior . 
  we 're here to discuss music and the only dissenting comment gets downvoted . 
  this is n't / r/music . 
  it 's crap . 
  it 's an art project , not an engineering solution .
