  hipster victory, 
  you 're good . 
  you are way off on all of them . 
  the best test is to ask your parents or grandparents about these bands . 
  mine have heard of rhcp and nirvana , but have n't heard of any of the ones you mentioned . 
  also , modest mouse is far from the mainstream and the chance to be recognized globally . 
  i do n't know a single person who has heard of them before . 
  [ bob dylan - hurricane ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yngpwylqq3a ), 
  it 's just a song . 
  why call the cops when the guy just needed a talk ? 
  is there a list of passengers somewhere ? 
  someone i know might have been in the plane and i 'm not polish so it 's hard for me to navigate their news sites . 
  stable as any western european nation . 
  a ** lot ** of countries have a president and a pm . 
  the pm runs the government and is the one with most of the power , while the president is head of the armed forces , and executive branch . 
  i tried to post this one on facebook a couple of days ago and could n't find a normal version that 's available in my location , at least not on youtube . 
  here 's a [ daily motion ] ( http://www.dailymotion.com/video/xh96d_bob-dylan-things-have-changed ) video . 
   what really bothers me about this sort of thing , is that men make assumptions on who we are , or what we will do , based on that symbol and we know it . 
  it 's not right to single out genders here , this is just like any subculture that identifies itself with the clothes they wear . 
  seeing someone dressed in black and with a metallica or iron maiden shirt gives you the impression that the person is a metalhead and therefore invokes some stereotypes you have of him/her . 
  the same thing with any other shirt that carries , or tries to carry a message . 
  people get a better perception of this with age , so i would have a different opionion of a playboy shirt ten years ago than i have today . 
  whoa , what 's with the chris rock hate ? 
  he 's great . 
  this would be so much better if the stalker guy was n't so damn annoying . 
  probably the funniest mainstream comedian . 
  it is for the greater good , but people have a right to choose what to do with their bodies , even when they 're dead . 
  htc ? 
  i do n't think so , they 're committed to android and in a smaller sense wp7 . 
  dell and lenovo ... maaaybe . 
  webos is a cool os , but it does n't really have a place in the market now . 
  edit : -2 ... why ? 
  not to throw my credentials around , but even if this was just a guess why did i get downvoted for my opinion ? 
  many other nations have been forced to apologise for things that they did in the past . 
  but the us is powerful and cocky enough not to be forced to do something like that . 
  me too . 
  five years and maybe an hour or two of streaming . 
  for those baffled by the german part here . 
  croatia and the whole region was under big german and austrian influence for centuries and it was our official language for a while . 
  tourists from that parts are still very common . 
  english is taught in schools from the age of 10 bit some students can choose german but a few do . 
  in most high schools students have english as a compulsary subject and take german or ( rarely ) french as a secondary languge . 
  oli is the funniest character from family guy . 
  i had it for a couple of years and still know just what i got from viva and vox . 
  yup , the one i had for free a week ago is clearly fake . 
  nope , just for the moment . 
  i live in a country that 's backwards at broadband , but i can choose from more than 10 isp 's , cable , dsl or 3g . 
  is this the time and place to start a political discussion ? 
  even if he could , chances are very slim he would carry or own a weapon . 
  as i said multiple times , this is more of a cultural issue than political . 
  check out the homicide rate in wales , then look what it is in the us . 
  the fact is that a regular person in the uk does n't need a gun , and aamir was a sad exception . 
  then again , i 'm not sure how much it would help him . 
  and i resent that you 're making a partisan issue of this , and even mentioning religion ... 
  it does n't make any sense . 
  only one of those wars happened on us soil , and only for a brief period of time ( midway and pearl harbour ) . 
  i 'd like to see a ffffuuuu from someone who fought to protect his home , like my dad , his dad and his grandfather . 
  world peace . 
  stole it from groundhog day . 
  but fuck it , hail satan sounds too good to pass . 
  can someone explain why we use www ? 
  someone please post the drawing of a guy killing his kid because he listens to brokencyde . 
  thank you in advance . 
  i 'm guessing you 'd have a lot of ass pennies in there . 
  it 's epic as in : `` holy shit the guy found the perfect way to build a city and used a shitload of time to do it . '', 
  but i did n't find it that impressive really , yes you `` beat '' the game , but you get little to no joy from this . 
  anyway , kudos for the guy . 
  impressive , in a sense that the guy actually spent that much time calculating and planning . 
  but i do n't find this playing the game but working around the central rules and outplaying them . 
  hard and impressive , but hardly fun . 
  i 'm not sure if it 's possible to win the game ( someone correct me if i 'm wrong ) , but it 's more fun getting to that point . 
  from this guy 's point of view , my city has a shitload of mistakes made , even i 'm aware of that , but it was a challenge to make it the way it is and is fun to play . 
  there 's always something to do or change . 
  my country is probably the only one where hooters crashed and burned , but considering that subway is pulling out as well , i do n't think it 's because of the tits . 
  not only music , but all culture like movies , arts and other . 
  that 's good for a number of reasons , but the most important is fighting against the influence of foreign `` culture '' . 
  i 'm talking about fighting hollywood and making transformers 2 a substitution for local movies . 
  while transformers is driven exclusivly by money and profits , movies supported by local governments , councils and other institutions are driven by other , more noble causes . 
  unfortunately , a lot of it is crap anyway . 
  oh man , i thought it was `` kyuss reunion for a world tour '' . 
  just do n't watch movies like that with people who you think would n't understand it . 
  when friends come over we watch some simple action movie or a comedy , nothing very intense and more casual than serious . 
  but when i have company with a similar taste like mine we can watch fight club , moon or whatever . 
  i like movies more than other people and ca n't force other people to watch apocalypse now with me since 98 % of people would die out of boredom ( `` a half hour scene with no dialogue ? 
  so we watch borat . 
  it 's funny , has a message and can be enjoyed by people who like simple comedies and people who like a stronger movie . 
  what about having money ? 
  being of a certain skin color ? 
  having an mp3 player ? 
  not to insult you , but look at the [ statistics ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/murder_rates ) , violence is rampant . 
  i can freely walk through any part of town at night with a good chance of not getting hurt , and did the same thing in every major central european city . 
  not even a scratch . 
  in a country of a couple of million people , it 's a fight , even if we try to present it as enriching . 
  also , it 's not rejecting , you ca n't reject a hollywood blockbuster in a modern society , if you want to count that under culture . 
  the thing is that more people see seinfeld reruns every day that saw the most popular local movie in the last 20 years . 
  the movie * is * crap and seinfeld * is * better , but you ca n't just let it die like that . 
   what i do with my friends is take turns on who gets to pick the movie for the night . 
  i could n't watch the movie in peace if i know someone would be bored out of their skulls during it . 
  but your general idea is ok . 
  if you do n't put neckbeards into trustworthy i 'm gon na kill you .
