  so was the one in the balkans , but i guess every intervention or war has to be evil , right ? 
  the jasper is the latest . 
  i have a zephyr and it works great ( for more than a year ) . 
   it was predicated on false reasons, 
  because milosevic had such a good reputation for his conduct in war ? 
  crimes in croatia and bosnia were n't enough of a warning ? 
  i 've heard about the attempts to rewrite history and minimize the racak incident and around 4000 dead civilians , but i did n't think anyone believed in that . 
   its result ( the independence of kosovo ) is against all international treaties . 
  first : every nation has a right of self determination . 
  second : kosovo got it 's legitimity in 1974 constitution which makes it legal . 
  third : let 's ask what 62 countries think about that ? 
   multimeter, 
  woohoo , i know what this is !, 
  slayer !!!!, 
  i. . . just lost it . 
  completing james pond on amiga in one go . 
  wow , the whole persecution complex sounds really familiar , as if a country made with one religion in mind uses the same argument over and over ... 
  i just ca n't put my finger on it . 
  completing sim city . 
  twice . 
  there 's music ? 
  i keep it for the animation . 
  you want pumping music ? 
  [ wild boys ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gcwyyoos8fq ) used by mirko filipovic . 
  i 'm so jealous . 
  a reunion would be nice , but it 's against everything they believe in . 
  wow , great story . 
  i guess i 'm damned for living in bad times . 
  i 've been to a nick cave concert once and the only thing i remember is the weather . 
  it was around 5 o'clock and very dark , with black skies and heavy wind . 
  everybody thought the rain would start in any time . 
  when the show was over the weather got back to normal . 
  what made it a bad show ? 
  i saw them a couple of years ago and they were great . 
  maybe it 's got something to do with the fact that i hate them , but i got the ticket cheap , had a steady supply of beer , it was a 5 minutes walk from my house and let 's face it , zoo tv was really great . 
  it sucked . 
  the concert was boring as hell , and watching it with 40 000 people who were there just because of a famous band , not the music , was depressing . 
  the stadium atmosphere was sterile and the band did n't even try because they knew people will shit their pants only because they saw bono from a hundred feet . 
  snow patrol was the opening act . 
  * gosh * it 's like listening to coldplay , only worse . 
  the songs are all the same , their sound is so fucking ... bland and mainstream that it sickens me . 
  not mainstream in the sense that they 're popular , but their music is so neutral and without any excitement that i felt sorry for them . 
  god what crybabies . 
  i do n't get the new upgrade . 
  fm tuner , speaker , microphone , camera ? 
  exactly the things apple said they do n't care about , and the fanboys said they do n't need . 
  the nano now looks like a cheap chinese mp4 player . 
  considering the us has a great debt with the un , and the funding is adjusted annually ... 
   as measured by their gross national income ( gni ) , with adjustments for external debt and low per capita income . 
  from wikipedia . 
  also , the 5 biggest un contributors from the eu give more than the us , so ... stop bitching . 
  this is really responsive and fast . 
  i like it . 
  crap . 
  no more podcast marketplace for non us users . 
  i 'm not saying it 's bad , only that apple 's logic is flawed . 
  they did n't need a tuner , a mic , games and everything else because the ipod is a music player . 
  today it 's filled with stuff other players had for years ( except pedometer , i 'll give them that ) and apple said that they do n't need it . 
  it 's like they 've run out of imagination and just crammed stuff inside , just because they needed to show something to the crowd . 
  he was good in tango & cash . 
  tommy rocks !, 
  ok , the album is better than the movie , but it 's certainly not bad . 
  the who are n't so popular where i live so there 's not much hype about them ... 
  i for one think kiss and the rolling stones are massively overrated . 
  the `` guest stars '' are genius , jack nicholson , eric clapton , elton john and the brilliant tina turner . 
  i raged . 
  i 'm only sorry i do n't do drugs when i listen to them . 
  - we were driving around in a friend 's car and queen started playing from the mix cd . 
  someone in the back said something in the lines of `` is that the fag ? '' . 
  needless to say he got what he deserved . 
  - the same car , 5:49 later , [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uayldfe7s9y ) song started playing . 
  everyone did the head bob thing . 
  no rage ensued . 
  i always say that ... well , depends on the person . 
  if he/she is dumb then it 's ok , because those people look at it in a stupid way like that . 
  rock , rap , country , pop and death 666 metal . 
  that 's it . 
  i make it easier for them and put my favourite bands in their language . 
  if it 's a music geek like me , then i can say what i really mean : `` pixies , stoner rock , 90s alternative , proto punk , pre-douchebag metallica and garage '' . 
  would a normal person register what i said ? 
  if i 'm not mistaken , you have a representative and a government so next time vote for someone who has that agenda . 
  until then you can join the john birch society and enjoy a group of likeminded people . 
  it 's not a eu thing , but a tv thing . 
  we 're waiting for ya !, 
  i got fired because i am really really ridiculously good looking . 
  5 bucks for a small can . 
  school trip on a rocky island on a hot summer day . 
  lots of walking and then a visit to a cave , the guy that operated the elevator sold the cans for 5 fucking dollars ( 25 hrk ) . 
  best beverage i ever drank . 
  republican and democrat are just names of parties , not political affiliation . 
  opera has in built syncing of bookmarks , notes , searches , speed dial , toolbars ... 
  plenty of stuff . 
  it 's can be synced with other computers and viewed online on http://link.opera.com . 
  it 's great . 
  i use it on my laptop , htpc and cellphone , so i have the same data everywhere . 
  since i was a kid , the us was ... wow . 
  just the top of the world . 
  the whole stereotype coca cola , mcdonalds , baseball , hollywood and new york thing . 
  the grass was n't only greener on your side , it was holy , sacred . 
  we talked about the us like it was another planet where everything is just five times better .
