  i 'm against it because it could be a clear commercial precedent that could ruin scores of old movies that just get new soundtracks to be sold again . 
  universal would put in the most profitable artists in it , not the best for the scenes . 
  scarface influenced those people , not the other way around . 
  and the government is literally hitler and is just waiting to take everyones guns away ? 
  is n't it a bit too much to compare background checks for gun owners with the monstrosities that are tsa , homeland security and patriot act ? 
   srami se !, 
  bravo . 
  first , allow me to be pedantic . 
   i can drive to any other eu country i want, 
  five ( soon 6 ) eu countries are n't in the schengen area so you ca n't . 
  eu countries reserve the right to block workers from new member states . 
  it will be at least five years until every eu citizen has the right to live and work in another eu country . 
   use the same currency, 
  only 17 out of 27 countries . 
  my main point is that the eu is primarily a political and economic union , not a nation . 
  i can drive a hour in any direction and be in three different countries that have completely different governments , languages and laws . 
  an american could drive for hours ( or days ) across states and have more in common with the people he meets than i could with driving a hundred kilometers . 
  the definition of `` eastern europe '' differs depending on who you ask and nobody wants to be connected to the stereotypes . 
  estonians prefer to be called nordic , poles insist that east starts with belarus and ukraine and croats will cling to central or southern to avoid the term . 
  do you exclude the uk then ? 
  they do n't use the euro and are n't in the schengen area , while the new member slovenia uses both . 
  that 's my point . 
  you have a set of known facts for * every * state , while the eu is just a set of very basic rules that not everybody follows . 
  great title you have there op . 
  i would guess that for some of the music it has sense , but it could be limited by other factors . 
  we know how stadium rock sounds , but why does n't anybody perform punk in stadiums ? 
  is it because a location forms the music or just that punk is n't a genre where bands would strive to play in stadiums ? 
  ( green day excluded ), 
  anyway , your title made me think we 're talking about places music is made . 
  i do n't think it 's a coincidence that a lot of popular music came from industrial cities like detroit or birmingham . 
  i sense masturbation in a round shape of some sorts . 
  map of the 1972 elections ? 
  any david fincher film , general spectrum :, 
  edit : i kid because i love . 
  that 's why i put them aside . 
  punk is wide enough to accommodate green day somewhere on the part of the spectrum that borders with ol' regular rock . 
  half of the 10 most valuable clubs in europe ( and the world ) are owned by their fans . 
  none of them are younger than 103 years . 
  i 'm not the kind of person to defend football , but one is the most popular sport in world , the other is n't even the most popular sport in the us . 
  one is heavily connected to subcultures , politics , history and regional identity , the other has blackouts if not enough seats are sold . 
  unlike most genres , punk is made by both music and an idea , one which is n't that tied to the commercial sound needed to fill a stadium . 
  that said , ramones probably filled out a stadium or two in brasil in their heyday . 
  i 'm trying to say that there are deeper and wider circumstances at work here , not just banning this or that on the stadium . 
  how many people have been killed by flares on football stadiums ? 
  you 're making a false equivalence that alex jones ( and his like ) is the other side , as if we should listen to things he says . 
  it 's not that i blindly trust huge media corporations but there are so ** so ** many alternatives that are n't batshit crazy that it 's a shame to listen to a con man like jones to get a second perspective . 
  as a journalist i know what kind of work goes into creating a piece , and jones is n't a journalist or investigator , he 's a theory peddler fueled by gossip and false evidence . 
  we should question authority but not by making an extreme turn into nutjob territory . 
  both real madrid and barcelona are owned by their fans . 
  saw it four days ago . 
  it 's good . 
  good idea , i 'll go check which one is mine . 
  like 54 % of redditors , i am not from the us and ca n't do shit about it but stare at a blank page all day . 
  the sopa blackout was worldwide and an effort everyone agreed was needed , cispa is n't universally shunned even on reddit . 
  well he would have to be his son to look like that . 
  holy shit food is cheap as dirt in the us . 
  serbs , are you sure ? 
  they have a reason to hate americans ( 1999 bombing campaign ) but the same groups hate muslims more than americans so i doubt they would fight side by side . 
  i 'm sure cameron will find more ways to destroy the country before gay marriage . 
  i have newer content as well , some of it products not yet on the market . 
  i would use the older content to make a solid base because i 'm not able to refresh my frontpage with more than one review a week and that 's not a lot . 
   i 'm high as fuck right now . 
  you 're being redundant . 
  google docs kicks ass for that stuff . 
  i cross-backup it to dropbox and have my stuff locally . 
  ~ ~ you 're a nobody , not somebody people would witch hunt . ~ ~, 
  i misunderstood you . 
  i completely agree . 
  i misunderstood him . 
  a fine day to you too !, 
  back in the day we called it a `` good story , bro '' . 
  as a journalist , i would love to have an editor like hank in that movie . 
  a computer magazine and a music website in europe . 
  both are in the top of their fields in my country . 
  dajte info people . 
  he 's probably talking about the fast line . 
  i went to belgrade from zagreb and it was hell . 
  just solidified my hatred of rail transport , until i rode a train in denmark and saw that it could be cool . 
  no you would n't . 
  the us and mexico are allies and something like that would certainly be a mistake , not an invasion . 
  some calls would be made , some officers discharged and some diplomacy exchanged . 
  no biggy . 
  he said it in [ something 's got ta give ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0337741/quotes?item=qt0228696 ) to diane keaton , almost 10 years younger than him . 
  `` i 've never seen a woman that age naked before . '', 
   churchill was offered freedom of the city which he refused . 
  what does `` freedom of the city '' mean ? 
  ooh , i have n't heard that one . 
  [ some ] ( http://lewis.armscontrolwonk.com/archive/4905/india-was-khans-fourth-customer ) even speculate that his fourth customer was india . 
   and european football is basically whoever has the most money wins . 
  what are you basing that on ? 
  because just the other day borussia dortmund ( 436mm value , 254mm team ) annihilated real madrid ( 3300mm , 535mm ) and bayern munich ( 1300mm , 431mm ) kicked barcelona ( 2600mm , 603mm ) . 
  born in 1968 . 
  if you look at the right places , there are a lot of mixed marriages . 
  just dignity , the constitution is a piece of paper and not a lot of countries see it as scripture . 
  i hear he does a great lincoln . 
  bcauese it is dominant in other ways , like language . 
  people want to adapt . 
  relevant george carlin quote :, 
   i saw a slogan on a guys car that said `` proud to be an american '' and i thought `` what the fuck does that mean ? '', 
   i 'm fully irish , and when i was a kid i would go to the st patrick 's day parade and they sold a button that said `` proud to be irish '' , but i knew that on columbus day they sold the same button only it said `` proud to be italian '' , then came black pride , and puerto rican pride .
