  it started as a guerrilla fight but later on they had whole divisions with armor and planes . 
  yes , because the nazis , usta\u0161e and \u010detniks were good people . 
  merkel uses a z10 iirc , but why `` selfie loving '' ? 
  except you know , genocide and all that . 
  but i do n't expect you to figure that out . 
  i just looked at your history and saw that you were denying the holocaust . 
  my bad , i would n't get into a discussion if i knew from the start . 
  never mind . 
  a da ? 
  dobrovoljno my ass . 
  yes , but it was n't loaded . 
  which did n't matter then . 
  nah , our criminals worked in france , sweden and germany since the 60 's . 
  modovi , do your thing . 
  a lot of people here are saying it 's a pipe dream and a scam ... 
  the car is about to enter serial production , but a few models have been sold already , they 're in the wild and working as advertised . 
  sure , we 'll know it once independent third party people get on it , but it 's a real thing . 
   and maybe i 'll go this year to see pixies , but definitely i would rather to see them in some club/concert hall ... 
  saw them a few months ago in a concert hall ( which i prefer to festivals ) and it was great , although a far cry from 1989 . 
  i 've been to every inmusic festival and although it 's typical it certainly has no soul . 
  unlike other festivals this one has no theme , no back story , no exciting feeling that there 's something huge happening . 
  maybe it 's only me . 
  most people come for the shows , drink a few beers and go home . 
  it 's a ghost town one hour after the last band . 
  the organization fails every once in a while and they 're dicks to the press but that 's another story . 
  note that croatian festivals are stricter than uk ones and inmusic is a bit notorious for that . 
  last year they did n't even let people bring in umbrellas when it was raining . 
  i do n't know what the camping rules are ( if you 're in the camp ) but you ca n't bring in food , drinks , sunscreen or blankets . 
  this year has an awesome lineup so maybe things will be better . 
  hope so . 
  have fun , i 'll get massively drunk . 
  on the festival site you 'll probably have a single beer to choose . 
  o\u017eujsko is the sponsor and it 's the national beer along with karlova\u010dko and everybody has an opinion which one is better . 
  if you go bar hopping in zagreb , ask for velebitsko or kasa\u010dko . 
  before that , ask someone how to pronounce it . 
  ili dokle god imaju koncesiju i one * hilarious * zabavlja\u010de . 
  buzzfeed has some of the best politics reporting around , not to mention that they 're beefing up their investigative reporting unit . 
  the gifs and lists are there to make money for the serious stuff . 
  it 's a great concept . 
  edit , with sources :, 
  you are free to prove me wrong , or just be obtuse and sarcastic . 
  if you think russian tanks rolling through europe are not the concern of the two major european powers , you are very very mistaken . 
  actually , making guns is our thing . 
  laugh all you want , but at one point we had 5 % of our armed forces out of the country on peacekeeping missions and in afghanistan . 
  since then croatia pulled out of the un golan heights mission so it 's less now . 
   we 're in a nadir with regard to popular music , like the late 80 's . 
  so what new is going to explode in the next few years and sweep this all off ? 
  this really sound pathetic . 
  i 'm not disputing the facts or the massive circlejerk liberals have about the nordic countries , but the author sounds like a peeved teenager who is fighting some imaginary person who thinks that those countries are completely perfect in every way . 
  it 's a really boring read from someone who does n't want you to like what he does n't like . 
  this sounds like a great ide ... * wait * . 
  prioriteti . 
  georgia is in the caucasus , ukraine is a few hours drive from germany . 
  nedavno je amer na ovom subredditu pitao kako je to pokrenuti posao u splitu ... [ pogledajte odgovore onda ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/croatia/comments/1km5nz/american_wanting_to_move_to_split_to_start_a/ ) pa usporedite s ovim . 
  konkretno :, 
   if he 's lucky he wo n't get a visit from the local men in black who love visiting restaurants , cafes and clubs , offering their security services . 
  i odgovor na to :, 
   oh come on , this is not sicily . 
  i 've listened to the whole thing , you guys should too . 
  the coup thing was mostly made in jest although he later said that he would lead the revolution if he needed . 
  anyway , the whole mindset is very interesting , the guy is spreading cheap conspiracy theories and populist wording about persecuted christians in the army , benghazi , birth certificates . 
  it 's fun . 
  more than a fiiilliiiing ... !, 
  exactly . 
  i do n't wan na be an ass to our anglo-american friends , but in most of central/eastern europe regular women look like this . 
  u pjesmi [ volio sam enu slovenku ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5blubrtsg6i ) slo benda buldo\u017eer , tip je rodom iz kru\u0161evca . 
   in fact , i do n't believe i 've ever stolen any physical object . 
  you 're missing out man . 
  sure is stormfront in here . 
  i 've asked that once on / r/askhistorians but never got an answer . 
  it 's really a shame that such an awesome subreddit has suvh a narrow number of questions that are answered or even upvoted . 
  the old front page syndrome . 
  i saw it tweeted by carl bildt , the swedish foreign minister . 
  try looking from there . 
  comments in the whole thread , i do n't know if i could pick out 5 top level comments out of a hundred that are n't pure internet cancer . 
  i cry evertim . 
  i was freaking shocked by the amount of commercials on us television . 
  a lot of european countries have regulations on the amount of commercials in an hour and depending on the length of the show . 
  a normal 22 minute sitcom ca n't have any interruptions for example . 
  ve vant ze money lebowski . 
  this time around a lot of people would be ok with it . 
  i 've heard that something like 2/3 of the country did n't have electricity at one point . 
  is it true ? 
  good for you op , opera made a browser for you . 
  unfortunately they forgot to make one for their fanbase that has been loyal for a decade . 
  they hand out driving licences like candy in the us . 
  can someone tell my why is that ? 
  i would guess it 's because not a lot of elements change so they do n't need to use that much space . 
  is gif that advanced ? 
  sara renar , nina romi\u0107 , dunja iz lovely quinces , irena \u017dili\u0107 . 
  that thread is really indicative of the subreddit it has been posted on . 
  a few posters found the intelligence point interesting and most went on about the pricing and other details . 
  my foremost concern is that stupid people can very easily get a gun , but that bothered only a few commentators there . 
  basically , operating a gun is n't brain surgery , but using it responsibly is tougher . 
  you have to be cold headed , know how to avoid trouble and be smart . 
  a fight with fists is a fist fight , a fight where someone has a gun is most likely a murder . 
   also , what are you suggesting , that people should have to score well on an iq test before buying a gun ? 
  i 'm against the concept of civilian gun ownership ( except for hunting and sport ) but i wo n't suggest how states and countries should go on about doing it . 
  different laws for different places . 
   of course idiots can buy guns ; they can buy everything .
