  instagram uses hashtags like that , maybe it was a photo posted from there ? 
  so what ? 
  i get reddit for free and it 's fair of me to have some ads displayed . 
  i do n't click on them because they do n't interest me and i do n't buy doritos but i still see the ad . 
  it 's called a blank media tax , a lot of countries have it . 
  for people who have n't seen it before - i 'm not sure . 
  seinfeld was very fresh at the time and a lot of things they did are n't new to today 's viewers . 
  i have n't heard about fencing off mined areas . 
  the ones i saw were properly marked with signs , but no fences . 
  fields are often scattered so it would be a waste of time . 
  racist or just ignorant ? 
  [ hint ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:tito_spomenik1.jpg ), 
  it wo n't pass . 
  meanwhile the government is pushing registered partnerships so that 's a good step . 
  way to generalize millions of people . 
  nikolaj is russian , tesla was a croat serb . 
  you seem to be exporting them . 
  there are dozens of festivals on the croatian coast , often near cities with ryanair or wizzair connections , a lot of them almost unknown to us locals . 
  the launch parties are in london , local media does n't know anything and 90 % of the visitors are tourists brought by bus or plane just for this one event . 
  the main subreddit was deleted . 
  can fish drown ? 
  where would one find it ? 
  i could n't find a normal torrent . 
  that does n't have to be a positive thing . 
  meni je totalna bljuzga . 
  i read all the comments in this thread and it looks like you 're the first one that actually pointed that out . 
  - slavoljub penkala who made the mechanical pen also made the modern termofor and a two seat airplane three years after the wright brothers, 
  - andrija mohorovi\u010di\u0107 is considered the father of modern seismology, 
  - double entry bookeeping, 
  we as a country made a lot of culture and art , had a lot of smart people who got nobel prizes and were respected worldwide ... 
  but none of it in the last 50-ish years . 
  that train is on the shortlist of my regular nightmares . 
  what is that a map of ? 
  yes . 
  vpn+e ntropay + fejk us adresa . 
   i think he was right to do it . 
  why ? 
  if seinfeld is a moral authority ... no . 
   the traditional ( anglo-american ) practice was that nothing could be named for a living person . 
  really ? 
  because i noticed ( not investigated ) that some things in the us are named for living people , while this could n't happen in my part of europe . 
   they mostly seem to have acted on this in the case of slavs ( who they treated almost as bad as the jews ), 
  how did they combine this with slav collaborators , such as croats ? 
  i 'd like my 10 bucks now . 
  croatia did n't have proper sex ed for years ( only condom instructions ) and we have a very low teenage pregnancy rate , three times smaller than the us . 
  misleading . 
  the constitutional court backed sex ed , but temporarily banned it because the department of education did n't consult enough parents . 
  it will be back and this is no victory for the church , just a procedural issue . 
  i get to play with any tech gadget i want , most of them before they come to the market . 
  on my other job , i get to meet musicians , listen to their stuff before anyone else and see their concerts for free . 
  half of his discography . 
  i get notifications for every message i get and it is annoying . 
  i 've clicked every option i know of and reinstalled the app and it is still happening . 
  huh . 
  [ bosnian pyramids ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bosnian_pyramids ), 
  not that it matters . 
  fanboy opinion . 
  no he is n't . 
  wii sold less games per console than any xbox or playstation , and that includes the original xbox , 360 , ps1 , ps2 and ps3 . 
  people may drool , but they buy less games , and that 's where the money is . 
  i love denmark , but most of those things are normal for a lot of cities in europe . 
  my city in a shithole country has around the clock public transport , clean streets , zero tough neighborhoods , shops on every corner , farmers markets , bustling squares and cafes . 
  but but redditors keep telling me that us states are just like eu states !, 
  if there are good alternatives i do n't see it as a bad thing . 
  when i was in copenhagen * everyone * used bikes , from people in fancy suits to girls going out at night . 
  i do n't understand the need to paint someone `` a great x '' according to his nationality . 
  he was an incredible tutor and help a lot of people and killed a lot of people in combat . 
  what would make a lousy or small american ? 
   when franjo tudjman dies , as he is expected to any day , his croatian followers will surely write him an epitaph full of the grandiosity tudjman adored so much in life . 
  something like : `` franjo tudjman : warrior , dissident , man of letters , statesman , liberator , and father of the free , independent , and democratic nation of croatia . '', 
  history will remember him more accurately : `` franjo tudjman : not quite as bad as milosevic . '', 
  editirao sam . 
  i do n't know but i saw bosnia and herzegovina like that on every inequality map so the mistake is made often . 
  i have n't used it , but having no bookmarks is suicide . 
  my 5k bookmarks colected in opera since 2003 will be stored in another browser from now on . 
  somewhat related because yugoslavia was n't behind the iron curtain , but it had a very strong punk/new wave scene that was one of the richest in europe at the time . 
  bands like paraf , termiti , pekin\u0161ka patka or pankrti were formed the same year `` god save the queen '' came out , so yugoslavia was n't so far behind punk trends . 
  there are a couple of conspiracy theories that the state security services ( udba ) financed some bands to establish a movement to counter genuinely disruptive bands . 
  the most repeated one cites a retired officer that managed them , and by his testimony it was started as a way to control youths to avoid student protests around 1968 . 
  he claims that the state did n't only finance some bands , but found songwriters , produced records that would be released in case of war and even destroyed a band that made an album in english ( which is part of an mi6 conspiracy ) . 
  for that the singer of divlje jagode was rewarded a position as a singer in the most popular yugoslav band bijelo dugme , which was fronted by goran bregovi\u0107 who was recruited to compose a comeback album for zdravko \u010coli\u0107 , who was `` important for yugoslavia at that time . '', 
  it 's all very interesting , but there 's no proof for anything and there are doubts that the officer even exists . 
  the state was involved in regulating the music scene ( with both positive and negative results ) so it 's not far fetched that something like this happened , but currently it 's just speculation and rumors . 
  note that a lot of bars , kiosks and smaller or remote shops do n't take cards . 
  i know of maybe two or three bars that accept cards in zagreb . 
  u slucaju da su oba jos tu , quit your bitchin ' . 
  that 's because it was a liberal fantasy show , highly idealized and made custom for its audience . 
  i loved it but never mistook it for a documentary . 
  do n't forget mandyville . 
   whereas outside of jeff daniels and what 's - her-name ( the producer ) the newsroom cast seems to just be competent . 
  mac ? 
  god i hate her . 
  i was indifferent about the actress in other works , but in newsroom i ca n't stand her face , her neurotic manners , her whole character . 
  i really hope that she 'll get a new direction in s02 . 
  exactly . 
  i believe the very same feelings exist in every country , but are directed at other things , myths and institutions . 
  it 's hard to compare the us constitution , british monarchy , french revolution and numerous other battles , people or events , but they are national symbols and traditions . 
  op is being sensationalist . 
  turkey has 8 % gdp growth , the ruling party has enough support and the future looks mostly bright , even with all the issues the country has : creeping islamisation , slow eu negotiations , tough neighbourhood , low press freedom . 
  the government is still popular and similar things have happened in the us so i do n't see your point .
