  so this is a 1988-2013 comparison , not an absolute list of countries that suck or rule . 
  check your privilege . 
  edit : i was being funny . 
  i wish i had money so i could buy you some reddit gold . 
  and what a nice few hours it was ... 
  madonna was basically the first pop performer that did the whole shock thing , by singing about virgins and masturbation and doing things to a cross . 
  that was groundbreaking then . 
  that evolved into lady gaga dancing around in a meat dress today . 
  just one-upping . 
  that 's fatalities . 
  what about injuries ? 
  it 's only natural , they both speak french . 
  what font is that ? 
  * plug plug plug *, 
  i do n't use adblock because i do n't mind ads that much . 
  opera has in built content blocking which i use for intrusive stuff , but i know too much people who depend on ads to make a living . 
  as a journalist that 's the primary way i get paid as well . 
   ali ... hobit . 
   zasto ne les miserables ? 
  i 'm currently reviewing [ this thing ] ( http://www.extremetech.com/mobile/141317-samsungs-ativ-500t-not-the-tablet-youve-been-waiting-for ) . 
  it 's a tablet when you need one and it 's a full blown windows 8 laptop when you connect the keyboard . 
  if i did n't have enough gadgets this would be great , especially for traveling when i want light gear that i can use anywhere . 
  ~ ~ get a stylus and you could use it as a notebook ~ ~ it ** has ** a stylus !, 
  the battery lasts forever , typing is easy ... all i need for traveling . 
  in croatia rijeka handles a lot of cargo , it should be on this map . 
  split is the third busiest passenger port in the med . 
  port of rijeka is in an excellent position to have a bigger status and is certainly getting more cargo in the future . 
  well ... it 's just not that good . 
   generally , the critical response to the film has had mixed to positive . 
  review aggregator rotten tomatoes reports that 64 % of critics have given cloud atlas a `` fresh '' rating based on 195 reviews , with an average of 6.5 / 10 . 
  the film currently holds a metacritic score of 55 out of 100 , based on 43 reviews , indicating ` mixed to average ' reviews . 
  extremely smart ? 
  really ? 
  art school and foobar ? 
  when tunisia overthrew its dictator and sparked the arab spring , it had the lowest firearm rate in the world . 
   king faisal had to have armed troops when he declared girls have a right to education way back when . 
  that reminds me of eisenhower using troops in 1957 and kennedy in 1962 to enforce education laws for african americans . 
  and croatia . 
  [ golden arches theory of conflict prevention ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/democratic_peace_theory#.22golden_arches_theory_of_conflict_prevention.22 ) and yes , there are exceptions . 
  yugoslavia was one , but in 1999 , not 1991-1995 . 
  city hall square , whatever you call it . 
  i took [ this picture ] ( http://imgur.com/cnanm ) there in spring . 
  i do n't see why he would lose his money , unless he 's sentenced for financial crimes . 
  on a scale from bear hunting to hunting bears , this is about halfway . 
  iraq got a mcdonalds in 2006 so i would guess not . 
  it 's just funny that i traveled to copenhagen this spring and found this sight interesting . 
  a series of coincidences i guess . 
  yes but slovenia , croatia and bosnia and herzegovina did n't . 
  zune is just blindly hated because of low sales . 
  hd was an awesome player that did n't had a match . 
  not having a grid does n't mean a city is badly planned . 
  [ link ] ( http://abramv.com/emergent-polycentric-radial-networks-in-east-texas-and-madrid/ ) . 
  he was n't given anything and i 'm wondering where the hell did you get such misinformation ? 
  he was indicted and awaiting trial which had * up to * 30 years and 1 million dollars . 
  he was n't in prison . 
  this might be the main difference between us and european cities . 
  less car dependency and mixed zoning means i am 10 minutes of walking away from a dozen banks , 30 stores , countless bars , clubs and other entertainment in my city of a million people . 
  and i do n't live near the center . 
  i do n't know . 
  we 're missing context here , maybe the guy was mentally ill , or a son of a local politician . 
  but us style punishment is rare in the rest of the world . 
  where i live ( croatia ) 50 years is the maximum possible sentence for murder . 
  a guy kidnapped , raped and killed a girl and got 40 years . 
  85 people are doing prison time from 20 to 40 years in the whole country . 
  misleading . 
  croatia has the third highest tax rate here , but that 's on 100k gross income usd . 
  that 's more than 8 and a half years of average yearly income in croatia , which means unless you count in average salaries this does n't mean much . 
  the sad thing is nokia had a demo of this about 6-7 years ago named project haptikos . 
  they spend more money than apple on r&d and develop none of it . 
  whatever brody 's daughter on homeland is called . 
  josh ray person : look brad , i 'm a man !, 
  just like you - only i do n't look like a faggot and speak all educated . 
  disco ball . 
  stupid geraffes . 
  tom cruise . 
  help my reddit turned spanish . 
  i bet i could do 100 pushups . 
  12 am chilli . 
  the constipated guy . 
  the guy waiting for a burglar . 
  france is bacon . 
  i first used video calls on my nokia 6680 in 2005 . 
  threads like this are posted as often as where is my mind and will continue until we as a community do n't decide what this subreddit is for and give mods the power to enforce rules . 
  i suggest a subreddit referendum to decide whether this will remain a stream of maggot brain and paranoid android or will we orient ourselves to new music , news and discussions . 
  which part of worldnews confused you ? 
  sad face near the bottom . 
  you all can laugh at the n-gage all you want , but in 2003 that phone had multitasking , apps , mp3 and video player , multiplayer games , emulators , web browser and a lot more . 
  i loved it and still have two fully functional models in my desk . 
  i did n't care because i could play pathway to glory with my friend over the internet while others were still stuck on snake and tetris . 
  i just bought a bigger memory card and put all my games there . 
  yup . 
  as the sole n-gage fanboy on reddit i reserve the right to copy my own answers . 
  reading about facebook on reddit is futile , the hivemind hates it and will claw for arguments to support their feelings , however dumb they may be . 
  why do people wear hats indoors ? 
  worldpolitics is a shit subreddit anyway . 
  i 'm ok with this . 
  journalist , although i do a lot of it work . 
  someone who would wear a hat indoors without a good reason would be endlessly teased . 
  but then again your airspace is monitored by italians . 
  a lot of people with unlimited messages use sms as im , so it does n't have to be 700 160 character messages .
