  i 'm more for specialized lists . 
  best 90 's punk , essential beatles songs or albums , best this or that . 
  just pure `` best prog rock albums '' sounds a little too broad , and a subject that is likely to be brought up frequently . 
  any indication when it 's getting up again ? 
  baby needs his fix . 
  i am a patient boy , but rubicon was so slow as hell . 
  the pace of everything made me give up after a couple of episodes . 
  bad religion had some good albums in the 90 's . 
  although i might get some flack for this , offspring is an excellent band that made their best albums in that decade . 
  this is an interesting experiment , because if we included punk subgenres ( and grunge ) we could get hundreds of bands . 
  pure punk does n't exist . 
  first . 
  opera mini is ** the ** most popular mobile browser in the world . 
  android is second and iphone is third ( but if you count in all ios devices then it 's second ) . 
  [ source ] ( http://gs.statcounter.com/#mobile_browser-ww-monthly-201112-201112-bar ), 
  i did . 
  but i was a journalist before college and already had a job and some reputation . 
  now i 'm wondering what to do with myself that does n't include journalism . 
  it 's not that it is that awful , it just becomes rotten after some time . 
  i 'm glad a got a lot of experience while i 'm still young so i can change my profession one day . 
  i am canadian, 
  to be fair others are guilty by generalising the us too . 
  not that it makes it right . 
  i understand it 's humor , but :, 
   we say we have the only tram system in the world but san francisco does too , so whoever says that is lying . 
  every self-respecting european city has a [ tram system ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tram#tram_and_light-rail_transit_systems_around_the_world ) , not to mention asian and some north american cities . 
  evo naslovi na searchu jutarnji.hr : eu propada , euro je od po\u010detka lo\u0161e napravljen , ovo su zadnji dani eura , prijeti nam rat i kriza i naravno [ ovakve ] ( http://www.jutarnji.hr/eu-birokrati--ne--voda-ne-sprjecava-dehidraciju/988519/ ) debilane koje su jasno [ debunkane ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/science/the-lay-scientist/2011/nov/18/1 ) . 
  as if the linked post is mostly ... humor . 
  an active member already . 
  you would need a hundred kent states , sopas and ndaas to be on iran 's level . 
  the embarrasment is n't lmfao , it 's the people that listen to them . 
  reminds me of jimi hendrix . 
  he had three studio albums while he was alive . 
  totally . 
  i 'm against sopa , but unlike us citizens , i have zero ways of influencing anyone against it . 
  sopa or no , there is no way i am trying to influence legislation in another country . 
  you brought this shit on yourselves and you have to deal with it . 
  if sopa kills reddit there will be a foreign version up the day after . 
   courtney love . 
  dude , nsfl , come on . 
  and northern ireland . 
   1 ) americans do n't wonder this . 
  we know that our government is an asshole . 
  yet you keep voting them in every four years . 
  they 're just like us !, 
  it took me years to figure out that [ this song ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jsj-37urxem ) had nothing to do with michael cane . 
  you know you watch too much porn when you know the guy 's name . 
  a lot of stuff , but currently < last 7 days on last.fm , 
  by the way - red hot chili peppers . 
  i was their biggest fan , and my life was on pause after californication , expecting something amazing from them . 
  although now when i have my own broadband connection and pc it sounds dumb , i walked for hours in the rain to get the cd , and after two first listens i was depressingly disappointed . 
  maybe a year later i matured somewhat , expanded my music taste beyond rhcp and after a couple of tries actually came to love btw . 
  of course it is no match for their better works , but on its own it is a great album that has the misfortune of being on the downward slope of a formerly great band . 
  you brought this law on yourself , and there are zero ways for me , as a european , to influence that law . 
  so yes , it is unfair that a big chunk of reddit users that have no way of acting on this get shafted . 
  what does the icelandic vulcano have to do with this ? 
  how does this work ? 
   has usa become the new germany ? 
  what does germany have to do with this ? 
  by that metric , the us did n't participate in a war since wwii , since they did n't declare it . 
  iran funds terrorist organizations that regularly kill civilians in other countries . 
   also , nuclear deterrence works . 
  not in that region . 
  an iranian nuke will make saudi arabia get one , and them i trust even less . 
  i find this incredible . 
  where i live you could n't buy bread in bags in most stores . 
  there 's a bakery on every corner . 
  wars between nuclear states , not non nuclear and nuclear . 
  then again you have india and pakistan so that goes to the shitter as well . 
  i always thought they had a chance to be famous in these black keys times . 
  even if i wanted to i do n't know any store in a 10 minute radius from me that would sell it . 
  our queen is back boys . 
  wikipedia is down for me , but there 's at least the kargil war . 
  where did the report button go ? 
  another excellent intervention by our fair mods ? 
  somebody that i used to know ? 
  this is interesting . 
  out of all the leading candidates only ron paul is baptist . 
  others are catholic or mormon . 
  even more so because i was talking in general , not about op . 
  i 'm talking in general . 
  removing the report button is a step back . 
  i 'm far too busy working for the jidf to be in the cia . 
  or just pointing out that three current nuclear powers in that region have all waged wars since gaining the nuke . 
  some even between themselves . 
  btw , out of the last thousand years my country was independent for a hundred . 
  so piss off with the colonial quips . 
  iran borders pakistan , which makes them dependant on each other . 
  north korea has nukes , iran still does n't . 
  sadface indeed . 
  that was intentional , since 3g was widespread even before android came out . 
  i already did . 
  the ratings do n't look good . 
  from the comments here i presume i should start watching the danish version , not the us ? 
  would wikipedia suffer under sopa ? 
  they only use images and video they have the rights to , do n't they ? 
  and you know , foreigners . 
  sure , but i have zero ways ( and zero desire ) to influence legislation in another country . 
  eastern europe being a barren crime infested poverty ridden wasteland . 
  in other news , guess who just lost an election ?
