  definitely a life changer . 
  i ordered it form amazon ( it was n't available anywhere in my country ) and got it a couple of days ago . 
  i 'm giving it to my girlfriend for christmas , i just hope she gets it the same way i did . 
  first album i ever bought , still among the top 5 . 
  beastie boys - to the five boroughs . 
  let 's say the us did it . 
  let 's say it is a war crime . 
  let 's say that nobody in the us wants to prosecute ite guilty . 
  you need to set up an international court which has that powers , which effectively means transfering some constitutional powers to a foreign court . 
  redditors would be the first to raise hell about that . 
  my country was forced to do that , and now we 're forced to send our generals and soldiers on a trial in another country , and made all our citizens subject to laws that are made far away from our borders . 
  not to say that 's completely a bad thing , but i 'm just pissed that israel , us and others can get away with this kind of behavior . 
  it 's not the best , but it is their only one in this decade . 
  i nominated it because of that . 
  the us has a specific federation , where states have more power than most state-like territories in other countries . 
  a simple way to prevent balkanization is simply to give more power to local governments , and relieve the central one of the petty things it deals with now . 
  one could say that the us is balkanized even now , with many laws radically differing from state to state , even the ones many consider an elementary right ( see abortion , gun control ) . 
  yugoslavia is n't really a good analogy here , it was a specific country which fell apart out of the reasons the us or uk simply ca n't . 
   telecommunications laws require network-owning companies to be largely canadian-owned and - controlled . 
  this hardly seems fair . 
  i 'm surprised the wto let 's them do that . 
  first , acquire a cow and an axe ... 
  this is my favourite quote . 
  god bless * country * ? 
  * country * is the greatest in the world ? 
  no sane person would say any of these things . 
  ima nekoliko pjesama , recimo stairway to heaven , mo\u017eda i sweet child in time od starijih , pa bone machine i waiting room . 
  i use ms office at home , work or wherever i am , but google docs are practical when you do n't have access to an advanced office suite , and for transferring documents between computers . 
  well because it blocks free trade , international companies ca n't compete fair with domestic ones . 
  it 's pure protectionism . 
  you guys should be more proud of buldozer . 
  i thought it was west of istanbul . 
  watching it in 2d tonight . 
  i do n't really care so much about effects ... cgi is not my thing . 
  yup , i do that too . 
  i have a cheap old nokia 3100 when i go out or drink , and a smartphone as my main , everyday phone . 
  after my friend got mugged ( funny story , he 's a tall bald skinhead and got mugged by a 14 year old gypsy with a kid ) i took only the cheap one with me , out of some dumb fear . 
  i 'm not sure about that , but the system where i live gets everybody state supported health care , but some things cost cash ( i got a cat scan , ecg , blood , everything for about $ 20 ) , but students and old people get it for free . 
  there is a parallel private system where you can use a private clinic and the state pays its part and you pay the rest . 
  this way everyone has insurance , and the people who like to get premium care or just do n't like money can pay for themselves . 
  i use a private dentist , but the state pays everything . 
  i 've done everything from root canals to fillings and paid nothing . 
  of course it 's not free , everybody realizes that . 
  for example , where i live you would study for free and get healthcare for free . 
  you would later work for a high wage in a private hospital or for a pretty high wage in a state one . 
  and it would go out of my pocket . 
  and i 'm fine with it . 
  that 's the thing with social programs like this - we give a lot out of our taxes , but get a lot back . 
  no i do n't . 
  that 's why i said i 'm not sure and described what the situation is where i live . 
  it 's not paranoia , we just do n't have the need for it . 
   the problem is that you 've been trained to look at things as weapons first , and people who carry something that might be a weapon as a criminal first . 
  op posted a knife , a thing that had a sharp and pointy blade . 
  its uses are diverse , but not as diverse as a leatherman or sak which are by definition and by looks - tools first and knives second . 
  i have a rather large sak ( [ relevant thread ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/9lbci/do_you_carry_a_knife/ ) ) which i carry in my bag when cycling or going camping , and i plan to get a smaller sak for my keychain which will look less intimidating than op 's knife , it will cost less and have a smaller blade , all while being even more useful than a single blade . 
  i 'm not trying to say a person with that knife will shank someone , but we 're used to using different tools - box cutters for opening boxes , envelope openers for opening envelopes , scissors for cutting paper or string . 
  although it 's great to be always prepared , most people do n't need to carry a knife with them all of the time . 
   the europeans are coming off as absurdly paranoid in this thread . 
  you guys have lost sight of reality on this issue . 
  half the comments seem that imply that just carrying a knife somehow magically turns you into a criminal that will go wandering the streets stabbing people with bloodlust . 
  read the thread again then . 
  we just do n't * need * knives and if we do we carry tools like a sak or leatherman , not a freaking blade . 
   my us dad always made sure i had a decent pocket knife , even when i was a little girl . 
  my sister got one before i did , but not a freakning blade , it was a swiss army knife which is used for far more than cutting . 
  it does n't have the stigma of a weapon and actually is a multitool , while a blade has less uses . 
  good luck with that . 
  you have state televisions and public televisions - bbc is a public tv station . 
  i just got back home . 
  big . 
  as i said before , cgi and pretty pictures do n't mean much for me , so i skipped the 3d version . 
  also , i have trouble concentrating because of some eye problems ... 
  the movie itself is ok . really , nothing special , but i am impressed that this is in essence an animated movie , and yet feels so real . 
  i can agree on the fact that this is a stunning and epic movie in terms of visuals , but i could have watched transformers if i cared about that . 
  i 'm actually pissed that cameron made such a great movie , and forgot the things that are most important ( story , characters ) to the fact that we call it a movie . 
  this is primarily a tech demo . 
  a landmark in its field . 
  but if , like me , you actually want to remember characters names when you exit the theatre , do n't get too excited . 
  the hype is too big . 
  i 'm sorry , but we did n't have a war on the balkans this decade . 
  better luck next time !, 
  exactly why i did n't say anything about detroit . 
  i 'll give you a pity upvote . 
  it 's a game . 
  the above is real life . 
  kids played with figure soldiers and sticks hundreds of years ago , as a kid i had a plastic gun and a stick that looked like a rifle . 
  the same thing with movies , there were war movies since the beginning . 
  the only difference is that technology lets us have detailed and realistic projections of war for entertainment today . 
  have n't played mw2 , but call of duty 4 had a strong anti war message in it . 
  moot trolled the boards the next day . 
  i less than three palm . 
  nobody on any other site gave three thousand dollars to a guy just because they like his comments . 
  that is all . 
  you fucking liars . 
  102 comments and i 'm the first one to mention [ poker face ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_de3c3pkb8q ) ? 
  i think i saw your movie . 
  your ignorance hurts me . 
  me too . 
  although i raced a friend to it , he wanted to take it just to piss me off . 
   but it can get annoying . 
  particularly when she wants you to always be just as nicely dressed up when you 're out with her,
