  god damnit . 
  next time , check the thread * then * make yourself a sandwich . 
  how about a screenshot or more description ? 
  [ super !, 
  just like mms , there was a huge hype about it but in the end it does n't have much practical value . 
  i was talking about mass appeal . 
  of course it has its benefits , but not for most people . 
  why do you think so ? 
  * some * might be , but not all . 
  i like historic memorabilia and i 'm looking to buy a nazi medal sometime soon ( i have a couple of other ones ) . 
  not because i 'm a nazi , but because i like to collect stuff like that . 
  beware of people acting like nazis and supporting them , not the ones collecting historical items . 
  it 's illegal only in some countries that do n't allow nazi simbols in general ( except satire and culture ) , germany and austria , maybe even france , countries that took a lot of crap over it . 
  fun story , i was prosecuted because of that a couple of years ago . 
  my satire of the swastika was perceived as `` promoting totalitarian regimes '' . 
  i watched inglourious basterds on a first date once . 
  we both loved it and wanted to watch it again , although she cringed at the baseball bat scene . 
  in europe most people have mms enabled handsets for years now , but there is no need for it ... 
  yes , i can sent a cool picture , but it 's expensive and not practical . 
  the main issue is that it was hyped to replace sms , which is utter nonsense . 
  sms is a textual service , and mms a multimedial . 
  the comparison does n't make sense . 
  like video calls ... 
  i would use it to call my parents when i 'm abroad , or something like that , but in everyday life , to replace voice calls ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  now , but i do n't think opera will sit on their hands all of the time . 
  i 'm aware of suicide girls , but i 'm not really into tattoos so i 'm not really attracted to the average sg . 
  but your list of bands , books and movies sounds really cool , i guess some people are weird enough to be attracted to things people like , not how they look . 
  ( talking about myself here ), 
  no questions , just saying hi . 
  20 and in the industry . 
  i might be wrong about the popularity , but i remember the hype when it was entering the market . 
  people and analysts said that it would replace sms , which is nonsense and most certainly ** not ** true today . 
  my opinion is that in the first couple of years it was just an advertisement to implement 3g networks , with little practical value . 
  today it 's being replaced by e-mail with advanced users and bluetooth with low end users . 
  i 'll admit it has its audience and i 've been in a couple of situations where i needed to send an mms , but the hype that was made out of it at the beginning was n't realistic . 
  i ran from engadget because of their fanboyism , and gizmodo has become apple 's bitch in the meantime . 
  what tech blog to run to now ? 
  i have `` sent from mobile '' on my phone . 
  no need to say what manufacturer , model or whatever it is , but it 's polite to discretely notify people that you 're on a small keyboard , small screen and away from a computer . 
  i had a couple of new phones in my hands that i reported to gizmodo . 
  the first time they responded right away and it got published . 
  the second time they wanted pics and additional evidence that i could n't provide . 
  weeks later the phone was announced with the specs i said . 
  third time , when i had a good exclusive they did n't even respond . 
  please , pretty fucking please with cherry on top ... how do you make the faces ? 
  i feel so trolled all of the time . 
  i ca n't comment on the flop thing , since it has n't been long enough , but it seems that most buyers are apple geeks , the kind that will buy anything with an apple logo , and not the people that should be buying it . 
  that might be a small problem for them . 
  i had an ipod mini for two months , other that that zero apple products . 
  my last phones were nokia , nokia , htc , nokia , sony ericsson and htc . 
  you ca n't really compare ipod and ipad , one brought a whole revolution in distribution of music , and the other ... well i do n't want to spread the hate , but after playing with it , i do n't see why anyone except a small minority would buy the thing . 
   mind = blown . 
  that 's what he said . 
  for those who did n't notice , there are two pictures . 
  the higher one with three women and the lower with two . 
  i only saw the first one and was confused by the comments . 
   women could n't be leaders in the church , and various other things that have mysteriously vanished . 
  the catholic church would like a word with you . 
   honestly , american states are more or less the equivalent of european countries . 
  no , they are not . 
  california or texas might be more important than a lot of countries , but there is n't a metric for something like that . 
  and being a geography geek i know most capitals of the us states . 
  maybe once a week or at a party , but not regularly . 
  the problem is n't getting it or anything , but the fact that i 'm paranoid as it is , and i go blind from adrenalin when i do anything that i should n't . 
  he was so cool in 1997 . 
  what happened ? 
  ( except iraq ), 
   this is factually incorrect ; we have an atheist congressperson , and a few jews , muslims , etc. 
  in congress . 
  one out of 535 when at least 10 % of americans are atheists ? 
  while croatia has nothing to compare itself with the us , we had atheist and agnostic presidents and prime ministers , with almost 90 % of catholics and a reputation of a conservative catholic country . 
  in fact , the lates presidential race was between a populist and agnostic , one practically accusing the other of heretics , and in the end the agnostic guy won with a solid margin . 
  it 's not the atheism that 's important , it 's just common sense . 
  you do n't go around pushing something unto other people . 
  i do n't want a cross in my school and my teacher does n't want me to force her to read dawkins . 
  i 'm cool with that , she 's cool with that and we both live how we want . 
  by my count , there are about 100 redditors from croatia . 
  around 30 of us are active , and around 20 are in zagreb . 
  about 10 of us would wan na meet , 5 will actually come . 
  zagreb redditors , let 's do this . 
  ok , fuck it , let 's say it 's true . 
  what are russia 's motives behind this except `` oh they 're batshit insane , ernst stavro blofeld style '' ? 
  i 'm not an expert on eastern european politics , but polish-russian relationship was getting better , albeit slowly . 
  the missle shield was on its way out and things were far , * far * away from assassinating a whole government . 
  that 's just taking aside the fact that there is no way in hell it could be approved and executed . 
  it 's funnier when you see [ his ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bofh ) username . 
   i 'm diabetic, 
  i read that as diabolic . 
  made sense at the time ... 
  in some countries there is a surplus of blood , so check that out before giving blood without a reason . 
  zoolander 's a weird movie . 
  people who love the same movies as i do and i respect their opinion either hate it or love it . 
  there is little middle ground . 
   who cares , first amendment . 
  my opinion of south park and this episode aside , i care . 
  south park pisses people off because it 's what they do , it 's satire and they do n't care , like the people who watch them . 
  but just because it 's legal , does it mean you should do it ? 
  if taking a dump on the street is legal , would you do it ? 
  would you be ashamed if your neighbours saw you covered in shit in the middle of the street ?
