  if you need a credit card to buy an iphone ... and minors ca n't have credit cards ... why is apple shielding its users from porn ? 
  got in late in the thread and got two that nobody mentioned !, 
  plumtree and nomeansno . 
  the second one had a concert in my town on canada day a couple of years ago , and hanson brothers kick ass . 
  i 'm not sure the us would be a good example , but some countries really do n't stand a chance in a war unless the whole population is ready to fight . 
  switzerland , germany and finland , because their potential enemies are very large , greece and turkey because they have nervous relations with their neighbours , israel ... 
  some countries have a good reason for this , some do n't . 
  simple as that . 
  better safe than sorry . 
  a good army is the best guarantee of neutrality . 
  that depends on a lot of things so it 's hard to give that statement in every situation . 
  the war in the balkans , specifically croatia . 
  there were very limited weapons , most was confiscated from the enemy , not much advanced equipment . 
  but all able bodied men passed military service before that , lasting a lot over one year . 
  there were practically no professional soldiers then . 
  eldar is not just some guy , he 's one of the best in the field with years of experience and integrity . 
  he 's very relevant because of his contacts , which allows him to be 6 months ahead of everyone else in the industry . 
  no doubt that he was n't always right , be even with that blunder he 's very respected . 
  what 's your field ? 
  how much money do you get ? 
  for the lazy : http://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries, 
  russia has a very large military that has a good chance of rolling over half of europe . 
  their cold war plans were to be in south france in a week , nato or no nato . 
  i 'm not angry . 
  i 'm disappointed . 
  yep , i brought out the big guns . 
  well i guess the british will just have to, 
  * glasses *, 
  fight them on the beaches ... 
  what i was trying to say is that the two are worlds apart . 
  one is really on the larger side while the other is small . 
  something in between would be great , a la htc tytn or nokia n97 mini . 
  a 3.2 inch screen would be ideal , and i 'm not asking for much since it is kind of a standard . 
   no amount of marketing is going to save kinect . 
  we can argue how popular it will be and what demographics will find it good , but cut with the hyperbole . 
  kinect wo n't kill the wii but it wo n't fail and there 's nothing to indicate it will except your disliking it . 
  that does n't make any sense . 
  it is an old war with old technology in conditions not even near the ones in the us . 
  today , simo would get a gps guided missile in his ass . 
  good luck getting tanks , satellites , jet fighter and gunships , cruise missiles , tactics and after that avoiding a civil war that will split the country in half . 
  i would love to see the teabaggers revolting and using their rights given by the constitution and then look at confused redditors saying that obama is n't a tyrant and founding out the bitter truth that not everybody thinks like you and that not everyboy is sane enough to own a firearm . 
  you amazing son of a bitch . 
  but why ? 
   radio moscow, 
   witchcraft, 
  marry me . 
  here 's the [ lineup ] ( http://eng.exitfest.org/images/exit10/exit2010lineup.jpg ) . 
  not really the best one they 've had . 
  they could easily paste a picture from an emulator , but with the right dimensions and aspect ration . 
  this way they are misleading people . 
  if that 's your one . 
  multimedia, 
  not really active but useful, 
  nsfw, 
   and saw lloyds building about 10 times unintentionally, 
  are you clark griswald ? 
  i recommend a great game for everyone like me who got a boner watching this video . 
  if only a word of this is fake or wrong , i will find the guy and slash him in his fucking sleep . 
  i do n't cry for nothing !, 
  it was featured in some games if i 'm not mistaken . 
   a member of the community party, 
  if you meant to say communist , that 's interesting since membership in a communist party was and is normal in communist countries . 
  some did it for getting a better job and contacts while some just saw it as a normal thing to do , like being a member of blockbuster or a gym . 
  what about members of ( let 's say ) the british communist party or something like that ? 
   or have been a nazi or in the ss between 1933 and 1945, 
  what if it was n't voluntary ? 
  many of them were n't back in that days . 
  ama please !, 
  semen stains the mountaintops ? 
  i found the ui on ubuntu very similar to the one on windows , there are very little differences and someone who only casually used one can easily get used to the other . 
  how hard is the uke to play ? 
  harder or easier than the guitar ? 
  real answer : the beatles . 
  big and diverse catalogue , plenty of moods and genres to go around . 
  i love the pixies and could ( and am ) listen to them every day , but they do n't have a lot of songs and they mostly dabble in one genre . 
  [ radiohead - just ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=skfklnjpxns ), 
  well you just got on the other side of spectrum . 
  i must be miserable because i do n't like an artist/genre . 
  ok , i 'll be that guy ... rule 34 on dee dee , let 's ruin my childhood . 
  bleach, 
  eyes, 
  it 's really weird , the whole internet friends thing . 
  i met a lot of people online , since newsgroups and icq to reddit and facebook today , and most of them were pleasent people with similar interests as mine . 
  many of them are my `` genuine '' friends today . 
  it 's an unpopular opinion , but i 'll state it again : the worst thing to do is just pack up and leave . 
  the coalition came in , made a mess and promised changes . 
  we now know that it is a very hard task , but leaving afghanistan means leaving the government and coalition collaborators to the mercy of groups and tribes who wo n't think twice to sell themselves to the highest bidder . 
  even if it takes 50 years , we have an obligation to fix this , with troops , bribes , allies , killings or deals , it does n't matter - we have a moral obligation not to leave the place in a worse condition than we found it . 
  both sides of the spectrum are n't right here : one side wants to retreat tomorrow , making afghanistan a fertile terrorist breeding ground , the other wants to throw money and soldiers at the problem , which is n't possible in this kind of an environment . 
  get a global think tank to think it out , than do the right thing , whatever the cost and time . 
  oh god , the tension , **** what could it mean ? 
  ( i realize i might be missing the sarcasm here , but my point is still valid ), 
  why do americans emphasize so much the thoughts and feelings of a group of men ? 
  they were the founders , but your country is based on ideas and ideals , not a group of people who are thought to be equally relevant 200 years after their deaths . 
  who cares if they were religious , atheists , deists , whatever . 
  build on principles of secularism written in your constitution , not interpreting what they wrote in seperate , non-official writings . 
  do you really think their government is able to do that ? 
  they 'll get fucked 6 months after the last soldier leaves the country and become a breeding ground for terrorist and any other group that would like to rent a country for whatever purposes they want . 
  the problem will only become bigger if that happens . 
  maybe , but i 'm waiting for constitutional scolars and law students that will explain why my point of view is wrong .
