  it 's wrong as it is insulting to write off a whole region as animals , thinking nothing can be done because history repeats itself . 
  nato made serbia step up to the negotiation table and 1995 strikes were the most important instruments in drawing up the dayton accord and ending the war . 
  as someone who spent a part of my childhood in a shelter , i 'm grateful for the us initiative in former yugoslavia . 
  blame the us in central america , afghanistan or vietnam , but over here they did a good job when europe stood still . 
  the ustase argument is old school milosevic propaganda used to scare serbs into thinking they 'll get killed by the bloodthirsty croats . 
  the fact that it happened does n't mean that it had any influence or that it is the part of the same context . 
  you asked about it on / r/askhistorians and got your answer , why are you spewing the nationalist hardliner line here when you know that it 's wrong ? 
  nb : about a million chinese live in south korea , 180 thousand in seoul . 
  can anyone recommend an app for me ? 
  my phone uses a lot of battery during the night , but the problem is i never go to sleep at the same time so it 's hard to make a solid rule to disable mobile data and wifi after , for example , midnight . 
  should i play with tasker or is there something simpler ? 
  i da i ne . 
  the problem is that 90 % of the time i 'm not sane enough to click all that on my phone . 
  when i am i do it of course . 
  thanks for your suggestions . 
  i still have n't watched the last episode . 
  30 rock is the first show i started to watch when it first came out and i followed it from start to finish , never more than a few days behind the last episode . 
  now when it 's over i feel a little dumb that i 'm connected to a tv show so much , but i 'll miss it . 
  the jokes , the characters , the offices damnit . 
  ummm ... link ? 
  i would like to see a new xperia pro . 
  not enough keyboard phones out there . 
  eastern european countries ( like mine ) have suffered enough , but we have to stop looking at ourselves as victims all of the time . 
  i know who i lost in what war , but i 'll do the remembering myself . 
  stuff like this only deepens the wounds . 
   we are on the cusp of losing a lot of good people, 
  that 's why i 'm making jokes . 
  we 're not on the cusp of anything , there have been worse situations since the `` end '' of the korean war and this is all just a fresh leader provoking the fresh leaders of south korea and china . 
  a show of force by a country that knows that any attempt to start a war would end in its destruction . 
  when you see people in seoul panicking , then start worrying . 
  which is a solid sign that there 's not much to worry about . 
  if we presume that israel really has 200 nukes , what would they be used for ? 
  yes , but it 's still children , mentally challenged people and innocents . 
  which is why we should hold the us to a higher standard than china . 
  evo sad sla\u017eem screen . 
  in what way ? 
  there 's practically no information on that thing . 
  to je onda spam , 28 komentara na submission je solidan rezultat za ovakav subreddit . 
  after communism fell a lot of themed statues became unpopular overnight . 
  a lot of them were destroyed , some are still standing , but a fair bulk ended up in backyards , storages and dumps , waiting for better days . 
  unrelated , but the communists tore down a statue of an old ruler in my country in 1947 . 
  it was in a storage for 43 years until it was put back up after communism fell . 
  so i would n't be surprised if people find use for an old lenin . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/uss_indianapolis_ ( ca-35 ), 
  itt : delusional people and libertarians . 
  also 4 is a bad number in sone cultures . 
  there is no nokia series that starts with 4 for that reason . 
  can you give me a link ? 
  never heard of it . 
  yeah . 
  stupid australian paper reporting about australians . 
  you 're right , i 'm sorry , but my point still stands . 
  people are n't global citizens and in most countries are primarily identified by their nationality . 
  it 's not that they do n't care about 200 dead people , but they care about detailed information about `` their own '' . 
  i 'm very non-nationalistic , but i am a journalist . 
  google does n't like competition . 
  it 's the law in my country for any foreign content on tv to have subtitles and generally they 're fine . 
  some things ca n't be translated directly so a good translator would formulate it differently . 
  even shows like 30 rock and arrested development are translated good enough for people to get most of the jokes . 
  download english subtitles for english language shows and you 'll see that even in perfect cases it 's not a direct 100 % transcript . 
  it 's journalism 101 , any news that is closer to you is more important . 
  having someone of the same nationality on the plane makes it more interesting . 
  it 's not the evil media making every other nationality worth less , it 's the people wanting news they can relate to . 
  that 's exactly why you hear more about local car crashes than genocides in africa . 
  * ireland sucks *, 
  wow , i just posted about this an hour ago in / r/europe . 
  invasion and having a few troops are different things . 
  oh for fucks sake you guys . 
  [ how to pronounce ljubljana ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:ljubljana.ogg ), 
  imagine having all of this stuffed into a couple of years of history classes . 
  we did lectures about empires that lasted a thousand years in 15 minutes ... hell , my grandma lived in four different countries and she was born where her living room now is . 
  shit 's complicated yo . 
  misguided elitism since i saw polandballs on the front page years ago , and hundreds of times since then . 
  there 's a wetback joke in there somewhere but i 'm not witty enough . 
  coalition or mnf , nato only did some training . 
  what makes you think this was the work of an individual ? 
  you are really jumping the gun here , the explosion happened like two hours ago . 
  not it does n't . 
  the red cross is reporting that enough blood is in stock . 
  i 'll take two chins if needed . 
  i 'd like to point out that sliced bread is n't popular everywhere . 
  in parts of europe you would have to look hard to find it and there are only a couple of brands . 
  any ... ** any ** submission that involves beer will be full of people shitting on it . 
  never mind what the brand is . 
  it 's getting really boring . 
  everyone knows that you can only get good beer in a certain alley in portland where hipsters brew ipa from their own piss , but only a few gallons a year so you have to move fast or you 'll be drinking shit for the rest of the year , not quality pee . 
  two cathedrals - west wing . 
  huge fan . 
  i interviewed hutch and westin about two years ago on terraneo festival in croatia and you guys were awesome . 
  my question is ... the current european tour dates are n't final , right ? 
  hope to see you guys in zagreb again . 
   and for being one of those few people left that run toward an explosion when everyone else runs away ( or gets out their cellphones ) . 
  sure carlos behaved like a hero but do n't berate people for how they acted in a horrible and stressful situation . 
  the irony is that i first heard of the daily show on cnn . 
  it had an international edition on cnn international , maybe it is still running . 
  / r/politics and / r/worldnews are extremely partisan , but only locally . 
  you can have a whole pro-gun thread one day and an anti-gun the other and in both the other side will be mostly downvoted . 
  likewise most of the time you 'll see `` fuck murrica '' threads around but if you wander into a pro-us thread the other side has no chance . 
  reddit is bipolar and extremely bipolar . 
  you are extremely optimistic about it .
