  you are aware that there are 20 + million veterans alive today ? 
  ilegalna su . 
  ogromna koli\u010dina soli za europu digital . 
  serbia will become a member of the eu sooner or later , but the negotiations will be long and very hard , not just because of the tight relations with russia but the internal situation in serbia in regards to the economy and corruption . 
   would be great if somebody can enlighten me on just how much resentment against nato still lingers among the serbian public . 
  very much , meaning serbia wo n't touch nato anytime soon and the eu is still a tough sell . 
  glad to see good reviews , the trailer did n't sell it . 
  actually , the british nationality act of 1981 screwed a lot of hongkongers out of british citizenship . 
  local ownership from times when precise borders were n't a priority . 
  i 'm ready to kill me a slovenian to protect that sacred land . 
  the one you linked and this one are my favorites . 
  [ bush regales dinner guests with impromptu oratory on virgil 's minor works ] ( http://www.theonion.com/articles/bush-regales-dinner-guests-with-impromptu-oratory,1355/ ), 
  met and interviewed grant hart a few days ago . 
  very cool guy with a twisted sense of humor , told me his version of the aristocrats which was beyond awesome to hear from a person like that . 
  signed my `` flip your wig '' and said that they 're working on reissuing the old records but it 's going slow and deliberate . 
  one place in north america does :, 
  did you go to various vacations with your nutty family to europe or las vegas ? 
  nice nice nice . 
  war is n't hell . 
  hell is hell and war is war and of the two , war is worse . 
  mash, 
  it 's compulsary in many schools in central europe , along with two foreign languages . 
  direktna demokracija je sranje . 
  da , tako to ide . 
  not in every country . 
  `` potra\u017eite '' means `` look for '' so `` look for the best offers every week . '', 
  this one just means `` good offers every week . '', 
  i skipped `` od sada '' which means `` since now '' because it does n't translate well . 
  it sounds good in croatian though . 
  also has an international airport and other signs of being a city . 
  it is nice , but not a village . 
  i 'm not seeing the current president 's wife anywhere on the list . 
  oh right . 
  i was wondering why they specifically listed ex-presidents widows . 
  thanks . 
  and an ignorant douche it seems . 
  not seeing the first tweet anymore , was it removed ? 
  sounds like a sitcom waiting to happen . 
  putin famously switched seats with dmitry medvedev , changed the constitution , rigged the elections and bought the population to stay in power . 
  angela merkel got elected three times because of smart politics and economic success . 
  anyway , most parliamentary and semi-presidential systems do n't have term limits for heads of government like prime ministers and chancellors , only presidents . 
  i ca n't confirm it for all but france , uk , germany , italy and canada do n't have term limits for pms . 
  why ca n't smartphones be prepaid ? 
  anyway forget everything , phones are simply terminals that receive sim cards which contain your number , plan and everything else . 
  put it into any unlocked phone and voila . 
  the issue has a thousand layers and a rational human can argue both . 
  just the bare fact that he 's gone is good , but you ca n't ignore the cause and effect . 
  pura , meet drek . 
  they 've breached the old city wall !, 
  they are seriously the most awesome people . 
  i had the honor of meeting a lot of artists and fotl as a whole were funny , nice and smart . 
  prva dva pa heaven and hell . 
  conflict is a bit misleading as most of foreign troops that were lost in the balkans were accidents during peacekeeping missions , not combat . 
  outside of bombing runs not a lot of combat missions were done by nato/sfor/althea / eurofor/whatever . 
  a shitload of people has to listed to the album before the release date . 
  i 'm a music journalist and sometimes get albums a week before they 're out to have a review ready on the big day . 
  sometimes it 's a cd-r , fancy package , regular retail version or a zipped bunch of mp3 's . 
  there 's also a music streaming * service * that 's used by labels to control access to unreleased stuff . 
  most of it is protected though so i guess most unplanned leaks are made somewhere in retail . 
  je li bilo tako ? 
  high five i upvote zbog aktivnosti . 
  damn , they really do n't make games like wic anymore . 
  druga jugoslavija je prestala postajati pa je s tim to postala vojska tu\u0111e zemlje i okupator . 
   the average american does n't really know what military life is like , and therefore can not really relate to it . 
  although the two wars are n't impacting day to day life in the states as earlier conflicts , the sheer number of veterans makes that improbable . 
  a [ quarter ] ( http://www.gallup.com/poll/158729/men-women-veterans.aspx ) of all american men are veterans and the media is choke full of reports from war zones . 
  i 'm from a country that had an existential threat from war two decades ago and the very inflated number of veterans in the general population is 10 % . 
  / r/raspberry _ pi, 
  am i the only person on reddit who has any idea how community management works ? 
  the ceo of nestle did n't write this as part of official policy , it 's likely from a pr company and in it a low paid intern . 
  this trope is getting boring , buzzfeed has a variety of content and if you only visit clickbait articles then guess what , the problem 's with you . 
  without getting into stats , the economy or politics , life in croatia is pretty good for someone who has a well paying job and is n't tied to a bad location . 
  this subreddit has a 20 year rule , so things that happened after 1994 are off limits . 
  i suggest / r/politics or / r/history . 
  i 'm a big android fan but any droid tablet i had became boring very fast because at the end of the day it 's just an oversized phone . 
  excellent apps would help with that feeling like they do on the ipad but the whole experience is just subpad . 
  the cheap windows 8 tablet i got recently gets used all of the time and although it 's less exciting than android as a mobile platform , it 's freaking awesome for any tipe of serious work . 
   ball control of a guy getting sucked off for the first time, 
  you ... you 're a cool guy . 
  i realize this may solicit a complicated answer , but how would a psychologist diagnose a sociopath ? 
  is n't the whole point of the disorder to display traits that please the other person ? 
  ima\u0161 link za to ? 
  [ married cunts , single cunts , separated cunts ] ( http://i.imgur.com/acszi.jpg ), 
  csf ? 
  ante paveli\u0107 is responsible for a lot of deaths but the story about eyeballs is getting really boring as it has n't been historically confirmed . 
  the numbers talk for themselves , lies do n't help history . 
  old money . 
  nacionalna tragedija . 
  evo zadnjih par dana slu\u0161am witchcraft , black sabbath , mastodon , lcd soundsystem , pixiese i the men . 
  od doma\u0107ih muscle tribe of danger and excellence i ninu romi\u0107 . 
  the explanation itself is fine but the post deserves a big fat disclaimer that it was written by a fan of dinamo 's largest rival which has traditionally used mamic to explain their poor results or any internal issues . 
  hl3 is more meme than hype now . 
  dutch , not swiss . 
  i had excel , multitasking , video , apps and multuplayer games on my phones since 2003 . 
  it did n't start with the iphone . 
  the us was behind the rest of the world in mobike phone usage and sms until 2007 or so . 
  so factoid is becoming a factoid ? 
  i usually would n't be pedantic but this * is * / r/mapporn ... yugoslavia was n't in the soviet bloc . 
  albania was n't most of the time . 
  kul link ali dosta fillera .
