  so most vacation time is in the summer and in croatia ( for example ) most continental towns are practically empty from mid july to mid august . 
  every comment should be visible . 
  what 's the point of commenting when you do n't know if a machine will just hide it behind a link . 
  expand them all . 
  let 's keep some perspective here , i do n't want to be the devils advocate , but disobeying orders would have got the soldiers shot in the same streets . 
  was expecting a herd of boobs . 
  would not click again . 
  the message is for all to see . 
  things like that spark discussions and are the essence of reddit and any organized forum . 
  teenage fanclub did a great cover of it . 
  not really stoner rock , but psychodelic enough . 
  what if the driveway is my property ? 
  then it 's trespassing , right ? 
  although i suspect they have some kind of a reason to track op 's friend , it does n't sound smart to blow away resources like that on petty shit . 
  your inclusion of opera pleases me . 
  i 'm very jealous . 
  just so you know . 
  same question . 
  it looked cool when i first saw it . 
  jackie chan almost died in my town !, 
  i 'm so proud !, 
  ... wait . 
  damn . 
  your carrer actually sounds interesting to me . 
  something i 'd like to do , but with more actual working . 
  i think they need captain planet now . 
  i review stuff for a magazine , and music for a website . 
  scores are a bigger problem than corporate meddling , because a single number can not deliver a good verdict on whether something is good or bad . 
  i 'm notorious for bad scores and i 've had 3-4 big companies refuse to let me review their stuff , and two have me on their blacklist . 
  if the bothered to read the text , they would see that the point is n't in giving a 96 % , 4.8 or 7 , but in what you read . 
  a cellphone i reviewed recently got a 3-and-something out of 5 in my review , yet it was the best product i used this year . 
  the criteria is just too screwed up to give a full review in a single , or even two digits . 
  edit : music is even more fucked up . 
  everyone can put up a benchmark on a laptop and see that a button is somewhere it 's not supposed to be , but how can you give a score for something subjective ? 
  i can say that nickelback sucks , but why would iron maiden be 4.8 and the hold steady 4.7 ? 
  what is the difference in .1 ? 
  dude , you do n't need that pound of flesh , right ? 
  we are not worthy master . 
  and try not to cum in your hair . 
  this thread is a hotbed for both arrested development and redneck jokes . 
  then again , almost every one on reddit is . 
  i do n't agree . 
  modern popular music is n't like classical - live versions should sound different from studio ( composed ) versions , that 's what makes them special . 
  it does n't have to be imperfect or lousy , but just different . 
  i remember a u2 show ( not a fan , went just to see what the fuss is about ) and it was so streamlined and perfect i was more disappointed than expected . 
  two days later i saw the thermals in a small club with a shitty soudsystem , but they were different than on the album , they brought so much energy and even if a note or two were missed , the performance was excellent . 
  it could be the difference between a club and an arena , but sonic youth pulled a great show in front of thousands of people , with unique performances of their songs , not the boring studio stuff . 
  tl ; dr : not replicating songs from studio versions when performing them live is n't a bad thing , or a sign that the artist is lousy . 
  i remember that on the usenet replying on top was a criminal offense , making you open for ridicule , hate and internet violence . 
  anyone outside the us listens to kiss ? 
  they were n't really popular in europe as far as i know . 
  whoa . 
  goood one . 
  yes it is , but some bands like motley crue or kiss did n't translate well to europe . 
  even racists on reddit are pretty liberal . 
  not really every . 
   we all remember ( ... ) n * sync, 
  wish we did n't . 
  as technology goes forward , prosperity among lower classes rises , people have the chance to freely move and start a family wherever they like . 
  do you think technology should just stop ? 
  borders should be closed ? 
  i do n't see a rational way your ideal country would be `` made '' without violence and indiscriminate racism . 
  i come from a 100 % white country , but we still have our version of chavs and rednecks , people who act like morons but ( gasp ! ), 
  have the same skin colour as you and me . 
  while i can understand that you 're pissed because the us is turning so politically correct that `` black '' is becoming a swear word , but i do n't see a reason why you think that an identical person as yourself , only with a different skin colour , is worth less . 
  no questions here , just wanted to give my opinion , even if nobody reads it . 
  he does n't find them tasty ... the cannibal . 
  find a black guy in a golf or country club . 
  do n't worry , we 'll get it first . 
  according to the croatian media ( the danube goes downstream to croatia , then serbia ) there are already high readings and some dead fish in the croatian part of the river , with more to follow . 
  edit : i was wrong . 
  it was a photo story and i mistook a hungarian river with a croatian one . 
   are some of you here trying to tell me that the civilian populations in europe had no idea what was going on right underneath their noses ? 
  without going into details about the rest of your comment : yes , the camps were n't exactly in plain sight and the ones that were more public were considered work camps , not death camps . 
  i mean , even today , the whole idea is insane and sounds impossible . 
  conquering the world i can get , but spending so much energy , money , time and morals just to kill a race ( with respect to communists , gypsies and other victims of the camps ) ... 
  it 's not even remotely logical . 
  photobucket does n't work well in opera . 
  i reviewed dell streak , huawei s7 and samsung galaxy tab . 
  some were good , some were junk , but the whole concept is just too strange . 
  the only thing they were good for was surfing the web from a couch , and i 'm not giving $ 600 for that . 
  wow . 
  some of these are really bad . 
  i ca n't believe you 're getting upvoted . 
  just because you know what you 're getting and the oligarchs are n't fucking you as they did back then does n't mean that he 's a good guy . 
  he 's a strongman , a semi-legal dictator that supresses free press and human rights . 
  just because he 's better than the other guy does n't mean he 's * the * good guy . 
  - english is not my native language, 
  - it is 5 in the morning and i 'm half drunk, 
  also , read his post : `` yeltsin was bad , the west did n't care , that 's why we love putin '', 
  i maybe did n't write it the way i wanted and the level reddit is used to , but downvoting my post on a technicality is outright dumb . 
  judge the content , not the package . 
  being that it 's made in java , it could be easily ported to say ... android . 
  the truth is out there . 
   and obviously have absolutely no understanding of why everyone tolerates , even loves , putin . 
  you said it , not me . 
  but it is obviously false . 
  how the hell can anybody defend putin just because he 's better than yeltsin ? 
  i hate to godwin the thread , but it 's like saying that mussolini is ok because , hey , he 's not hitler . 
  just for the record , i did n't downvote him , but just gave my opinion .
