  out of the list of countries you posted , i can single out at least a dozen where us interference was in the end positive . 
  how many of them were in a wider mandate , not just the us acting alone ? 
  visit pri\u0161tina or sarajevo and ask them what they think about us interventionism . 
  it sucks when i 'm put in a position to justify the awful mess that is the us foreign policy , but some people here seem to work only in absolutes . 
   people who do n't ? 
  good for you , who cares ? 
  it seems like it 's a sin to have an opinion today . 
  whether for or against . 
   and then after that maybe you can explain and justify the violence and interference against the rest of the 57 odd countries ? 
  i have no intention of doing that since i do n't approve of it all . 
  unlike some people i can recognize both the good and the bad . 
  beating the war drum yes , but mostly about iran as a generic threat to the us and a massive threat to israel . 
  i really do n't remember any mentions of a direct iran attack on the us , only us interests . 
  anyway , obama did a good thing to tone down the rhetoric . 
   albania, 
  the us helped the fall of communism , and did a non-combate intervention in the 1997 unrest . 
   australia, 
  there was an allegation that a politician involved in a scandal was a member of an anti-communist group that ( pretty openly ) got funds from the us . 
  yet in your list it is right there with a bloody civil war in angola . 
  the us and australia are longtime allies . 
   bosnia, 
  us air strikes , humanitarian help and intel helped to end the war and stop the ongoing genocide . 
  us involvment literally saved thousands of lives . 
   bulgaria, 
  the author is really stretching it . 
  us gave money to student groups and an unpopular government resigned after weeks of massive protests triggered by a statement by the president about `` bringing in tanks '' . 
  really not an american coup . 
   germany , france, 
  as with bulgaria , this is really stretching it . 
  france has n't been on good terms with the us but they have always been allies , as with germany . 
   libya, 
  a un an arab league sanctioned international intervention that supported a popular uprising . 
   north korea, 
  the korean war was sanctioned by the un but the author seems to be invoking some big conspiracy i 'm not familiar with . 
   portugal, 
  i 'm presuming the events in the 70s ? 
  the us was pressuring portugal to end colonisation , i would n't count that as bad . 
  again the author is n't stating anything about what happened but my basic knowledge and googling did n't get me much info . 
  slovakia is a solid us ally . 
  turning down communism and narrowly stopping a civil war ? 
  spying was the norm in the cold war if the author is aiming at that . 
  i presume this is the 1999 bombing that stopped the agression on kosovo and dealt a lethal blow to milosevic . 
  in general the author is vague and paranoid , connecting things on his own whim , and the list in your post is very unspecific , with countries that do n't appear on the authors list so i have no idea what he is talking about . 
  i did n't mention iraq where the first gulf war was equaled with the holocaust ( paging mr. godwin ) ,, 
  not to mention the obvious bias , hyperbole and just plain stupidity . 
  are these sentences you use in a scientific work ? 
   torture -- as american as apple pie, 
   lying -- one of the few growth industries in washington, 
  i 'm sorry i spent time writing this . 
  anything that does n't adhere to `` us = = maximum evil all the time always '' gets downvoted . 
  abed ? 
  do you enjoy stoner metal ? 
  that 's a shame . 
  if you want to check some out , try kyuss , orange goblin , witchcraft or red fang . 
  they range from mellow to hardcore . 
  celebrities are people too : news at 11 . 
  what do you do with `` neighbourhood '' then ? 
   there goes the niggerhood !, 
  the world does n't share resources and space equally and fair . 
  the same way population growth is a problem for china , india or pakistan , a lot of other countries have a problem with population decline . 
   gingrich ( clinton only won by plurality ), 
  gingrich was n't a candidate in 1992 or 1996 . 
  he was responisble for bringing back congress to republicans in 1994 , if that 's what you were aiming at . 
  an article about german troops training in france made me realise that common interests can triumph over tough historical wounds . 
  maybe impressive but i would n't agree that it was as important . 
  is it this time of the week already ? 
  goddamnit i hate this subreddit . 
  i will fuck off , but this is posted to this subreddit almost every week . 
  i enjoyed it as well ( i even know the illustrator ) but even reposts have their limit . 
  that 's a pretty header . 
  crap , i knew i had to go . 
  southern europe has smaller internet penetration than the rest . 
  not to mention the blizzards currently ravaging half of europe . 
  croatia here . 
  there 's a blizzard outside and we had protests in the 5 biggest cities in the country , although the figure is in the hundreds . 
  there 's bad weather announced and people are advised to stock up on food - protesting is n't the priority right now . 
  also , very bad media coverage and the fact that we have low internet penetration . 
  what makes you think that ? 
   no sign of any chain restaurant/reliable food for 2hours, 
  that 's crap . 
  no chain restaurants - yes , because highway systems in europe are n't the same as in the us , but on every stop you have a restaurant , gas station , maybe a children 's playground or a motel ( but that 's more rare ) . 
  why does a restaurant have to be a chain one , i do n't understand . 
  just yesterday i passed the whole north italy , from france to croatia . 
  there 's a stop with a marche or autogrill at most every hour . 
  i did a 13 hour drive and had an abundant choice where to eat , buy gas , or just drink a cup of coffee . 
  these are n't just any random roadside diners , since they you have to pay a huge amount of money to get a concession there . 
  marche and autogrill * are * chains , just not the mcdonalds kind . 
  the onion av club has `` gateways to geekery '' for stuff like that , also / mu / can be helpful . 
  i needed to start with the fall ( some 30-ish albums ) and 4chan helped me a lot . 
  fucking collegehumor , now everyone know that video and i ca n't do it anymore . 
  one more time farva !, 
   that being said , it was pretty killer when bill clinton acknowledged the best armed force in the world is british intelligence leading canadian soldiers with american equipment . 
  some source on this ? 
  sounds interesting . 
  is there a certain way we could know that , actually ? 
  which got me thinking . 
  did presidents have more balls in their second terms ? 
  logic says they had , but is there some analysis on that ? 
  zagreb drew the same crowd as london , with worse weather and 10 times less population . 
  we have nothing to be ashamed of .
