   in the summer of 1995 , thanks to such assistance , the formerly inept croatian army mounted operation storm, 
  the croatian army lacked in equipment , high tech logistics and was a corruption haven , but it was n't inept . 
  not to go into detail , operation storm could n't be anything but success - it was a massive operation with 150 000 very motivated soldiers against a demoralized and abandoned force of 40 000 . 
  mpri trained the army in some modern doctrines , but had a very small impact overall . 
   this `` major success '' was the bloodiest episode of ethnic cleansing in europe since world war ii . 
  i guess he forgot what his side did . 
   the operation drove a quarter-million serb civilians from their homes , with mpri-trained croat soldiers summarily executing the stragglers and indiscriminately shelling refugees . 
  yes it did , but the reasons for that are two fold . 
  most of the civilians feard retribution and fled , while a good part was organized even before the operation with a figure between 100 and 200 thousand refugees left before storm started . 
  executions did happen and croatian soldiers and generals are currently on trial or in prison because of killing around 100 civilians , mostly old people . 
  it was a dark moment , without question . 
   markica redic , `` the pentagon had complete supervision during the storm action . '' miro tudjman , son of the late president and former head of croatia 's foreign intelligence , says that during operation storm all croatian electronic intelligence `` went online in real time to the national security agency in washington . '', 
  i wo n't comment on the credibility of sources , but local politicians always had a thing for america and mentioning us support . 
  while we did get an ok nod from washington and there was some intelligence support involved , nothing indicates that pentagon planned or knew about the massacres . 
  tl ; dr : mpri had little impact on the outcome of the war or war crimes . 
  i 'll be the third guy . 
  yes . 
  everyone should give five or so basic insults in the native toung . 
  i would love to live like that . 
  just sayin ' . 
  i had a mustache before it was popular . 
  charlie , because everytime i hear the name [ charlie the unicorn ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q5im0ssyyus ) is stuck in my head . 
  you should do an iama , i 'm sure plenty of people would have questions for you . 
  i got ta admit that i do n't have any ready right now , but i 'll think of something . 
  because dumb phrases like `` graveyard of empires '' are n't made to last forever and in all situations ? 
  do n't use it anymore and often cry because your lack of technologically literate friends . 
  like i do . 
  you probably know who won the game then ? 
  germany has that for a very good reason , and even though it collides with my personal thoughts about freedom of speech - i respect it . 
  i applaud a country that is so aware of the evil it had done in the past that it voluntarilly suffers today to erase any chance that it could happen again . 
  not only in regard to jews and denial of holocaust , but in every other field , not to repeat the horrors it had done before . 
  very interesting , i had no idea . 
  unfortuneatly , i meant government , not the whole country . 
  the nazi mentality is still strong with some people , and i 'd be surprised if it were n't , considering the past . 
  at least it 's iron crosses and skinheads , not political rallies with thousands of people and weapon depots . 
  i 'm not defending them , but 60 years is a short period in history , and despite your experiences i like to think germany has come a long way . 
   but for a non white , it is still the most accepting white country, 
  non-white people make about a quarter of the us population and many of them have been there since the beginning , and not to mention that the us was founded by immigrants such as themselves . 
  again , racism and xenophobia of any kind is wrong , and i 'm not defending anyone , but european immigrants do n't integrate well ( most do n't have the desire ) and reject the culture of their new country , making themselves easy targets for the home population . 
  look , i have n't saw a black person ( except on tv ) until i was 10 or 11 , if i 'm not counting travels , i have n't seen more than a hundred black people in my life . 
  that 's the reason people find it easier to discriminate against people of other skin color , they 're rare . 
  check out r/stonerrock, 
  omaha , sword , juno , gold and utah . 
  ssid is overlord . 
  all of them , from every era . 
  clothes are here only to hide my shame . 
   shit eating grin, 
  is this really an expression ? 
  i first saw it moments ago on [ another ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/a853m/reminder_hannity_has_yet_to_be_waterboarded_for/c0gafoh ) thread and then here again . 
  no , i watch the commercial from a company i 've never heard of and for a product i do n't know about and wo n't buy because i 'm from europe . 
  we need a trolling guide for subreddits . 
  i 'll do / r/gaming : mention mw2 . 
  something form avril lavigne or lady gaga . 
  a couple of years ago i would have said britney spears , but i was in a situation where her song was the best thing i 've heard the whole night . 
  god , you westerners are so fucking lucky not knowing about that genre ... 
  kill her and dump the body in the sea . 
  i 've heard there are plenty of fishes out there . 
  * or * you could talk with her , let her know how you feel about it and try to talk her out of it . 
  but , y' know , killing her is n't bad , too . 
  what other mainstream products and companies have `` apple grade '' design ? 
  church . 
  piss off , that 's my childhood you 're pooping on . 
  all aboard the karma train . 
  i disagree on the blackberrys , the only model that can be compaired to e series nokia devices ( mainly e51 , e71 , e72 ) is maybe storm . 
  ah yes . 
  i forgot about the 9xxx series . 
  also , for laptops , i 'd mention lenovo ( former ibm ) thinkpads which have the misfortune of having many parts and details , but overall are very very well built , albeit ugly . 
  your musical compatibility with delta009 is very high, 
  music you have in common includes pearl jam , the who , nirvana , pink floyd and red hot chili peppers . 
  i approve . 
  you do n't have to apologise for anything . 
  i use the cellphone to ... 
   you are eaten by a grue . 
  crap . 
  i was thinking more about build quality , not design . 
  boys becoming men , men becoming wolves . 
  my friends do n't dance and if they do n't dance , well they can all die . 
  great . 
  slavic languages look like the sea . 
  my country has 1,6 homicides per 100 000 inhabitants , yours has 5,8 . 
  very interesting . 
  what do you think , from the moral side of things , is it wrong to destroy these weapons , or ban them ? 
  there are many indescriminate weapon which are not banned , so why are chemical weapons being singled out ? 
  yes and no . 
  most people know the standard screen sizes in centimeters and inches . 
  europe is the worst country ever !, 
  khm , both music and art a thousand years old are still popular today . 
  i 'm more interested what entertainment from today will be popular in a hundred years , who are our generations beatles ? 
  i thought so too . 
  maybe metallica . 
  guardian and nyt for day to day news , other stuff comes from : economist ( best newspaper ever ) , newsweek , rolling stone and time . 
  or buy me that . 
  i 'm gon na go ahead and reply to this , i noticed that a random post that goes after a couple of downvoted ones gets upvoted , so here goes . 
  zapp , his name is zapp . 
  what hypocrisy . 
  in democratic countries everyone has the same rights , and if churches can have towers so can mosques . 
  this is a blatant misuse of peoples feelings towards non-integrated muslims . 
  i dislike every immigrant that despises the country and culture he volunatrily moved to , but that does n't give us the right to discriminate against a whole religion just because we have a problem with a part of the people who worship it . 
  as an atheist i do n't like religion in general , but i 'll forever defend their rights , as long as they obey the law . 
  islamofascism no , but islam ... why not ?
