  later jawbreaker , drive like jehu , maybe fugazi or at the drive in . 
  also sunny day real estate , cap'n jazz , texas is the reason , mewithoutyou ... 
  most of them not strictly 80s , but made out of their influence , unlike today 's `` emo '' . 
  the genre had a couple of phases :, 
  - the early one , big hardcore punk influence, 
  - the middle one , more melodic, 
  - the early 90s one , with a hint of indie, 
  - the modern one : crap and genre hijacking, 
  like your y 's and x 's , my sentence is just a placeholder for whatever you want to substitute it with . 
  i see what you did there ? 
  you best be trollin ' ? 
  use whatever you like . 
  fugazi is my favourite band ( behind pixies and kyuss ) and i 'd kill to meet him . 
  how come you do n't like his music ? 
  i 'm more pissed that people downvoted my original post because of that sentence , however informative it may be . 
  i got some awesome ebooks last year out of this . 
  if i remember correctly , we got a torrent tracker a year ago . 
  i said later . 
  then the time comes for finally invading barbie world , you 'll have the last laugh , with your pink camo . 
  tom 's hardware , anandtech ... 
  flying high ... 
   azraelemrys was one lucky-mofo today . 
  well is n't that just peachy . 
  reminds me of that guy who put rick astley on a cd and printed a ps3 cover on it . 
  but that was the last cod . 
  i 'm on beer and just saying thanks for being so generous . 
  i do n't need any game but you 're a cool dude . 
  cheers !, 
  i like the old one better , over here it 's a constant struggle to go deeper and deeper . 
  back in waw you had three rooms and just needed to last as long as you could . 
  there is good mainstream music too . 
  original , interesting and not made purely for profit and pandering to the masses . 
  i agree with ac/dc , but what does grunge have to do with this ? 
  grunge was becoming big until mtv took over and it died a fast death long before it had a chance to become boring . 
  grunge was `` in '' for a couple of years . 
  being mainstream and popular does n't have anything to do with it . 
  there are loads of popular bands that are good , but nickelback is n't one of them and is a symbol of what is wrong with modern cookie cutter rock . 
  i had a friend that listened to good rock music , knew all of the important stuff and more , but one day ( age 20 ) came to my house and said i have to listen to this great song he just heard . 
  it was stairway to heaven . 
  i was branded an elitist douchebag when i said that it was a pretty well known song , if not the best known song * in the world * . 
  hide yo drinks , hide yo asses ... 
  like hating facebook , hating megan fox is very popular . 
  unrelated maybe , but there are laws limiting tv commercials depending on the air time . 
  i was shocked to see so many commercials when i used hulu once . 
  over here shows that are less than half an hour in lenght do n't have ads . 
   you as a us congressman stood in your subcommittee and read/submitted all the documents into public record so that the government could not silence the truth . 
  holy shit , this is cool . 
  but you do n't compare one country to another , you compare it to the whole set . 
  portugal is on the top half of the list of countries by size so calling it tiny does n't make much sense . 
  russian media can put `` tiny '' in front of every country name then . 
  sony got a head start with ps one and the fact that you could easily pirate games for it . 
  when ps2 came people already had a big bias towards sony which had big brand loyalty for decades ( until recently ) . 
  today the ps3 is available anywhere you can buy a sony product , you just buy it , plug it in and use it , while the xbox 360 is only officially sold in supported countries . 
  when the ps3 came out sony had a party with free booze , celebrities and bands , the same thing with gran turismo a couple of weeks ago . 
  microsoft offers not only zero support for xbox 360 , but has the right to ban me from live just because i do n't live in a supported country . 
  that 's the reason my xbox cost almost 400 dollars , that 's the reason xbox games go up to a 100 dollars and that 's the reason that even though i run a local xbox forum , pay for live and spread the word - i can get banned any minute just because i 'm from croatia . 
  tl ; dr : brand awareness and limited microsoft support . 
   windows um let 's see , how about a weekly basis ? 
  this is just pure trolling . 
  oh god , the tarantino chin ... ca n't unsee . 
  i think it 's something like : `` au jebem ti mater !, 
  i loved making mixtapes !, 
  later i made cds and now i just im a grooveshark playlist . 
  less fuss but it losses the charm . 
  ca n't help being reminded of [ this song ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jw2qgl5yk_m ) . 
  good luck . 
  not british , but we did cover the american revolution in about an hour , squeezed in with enlightment and the french revolution , although the french part was way longer . 
  when you have thousands of years of your own history to learn , far countries like the us tend to be less important . 
  i 've got a question ... 
  in movies i always see people who have been sober for years or months refraining even from a single drink . 
  is that a fact ? 
  do ex-alcoholics deny themselves even a beer because of the risk to get back to old habits ? 
  obviously i have n't been in that situation so i do n't know , but it sounds terrifying to always have that sword over your head : `` do n't take a drink , you 'll end up an alcoholic again . . '' . 
  50 cent got more shots in the face than jenna jameson . 
  east side is the best !, 
  the great thing is that there is so much porn out there that it is very * very * hard not to find something to like . 
  yup , me too . 
  i deleted all of it and made the transition to streaming porn . 
  depending on who you listen to . 
  i 've heard opinions that he stopped a large and potentially very deadly soviet intervention . 
  i actually did n't close that right away . 
  because by publishing the juicy ones first they are editorializing without being so public about it . 
  [ dolph lundgren : i cry a lot . 
  it makes me feel good . 
  i had a bit of a cry this morning , in fact . 
  it was the feeling of loss and not being around my family that set me off . 
  ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/lifeandstyle/2010/dec/19/this-much-know-dolph-lundgren ), 
  is n't every `` class '' constitutionally protected ? 
  thou shalt always kill . 
  drawing mohammed is a freedom of speech , and people have that right . 
  but 99 % of people that do that do n't care about their freedom to do it , but to piss people off and demonstrate their ability to do it , without caring for the fact that it insulted a lot of people . 
  i 'm not going to post such a picture or upvote it because i do n't feel it is ok to insult people . 
  i have a right to shit on my carpet but i wo n't do it , since it will upset the people i live with . 
  replace muslims with christians , republicans , jews , whatever . 
  every point can be made politely . 
  not counting solitaire ( and a 5 hour session of angry birds ) , my dad has n't played anything since my amiga a500 . 
  i told him about how much money the last two cods and gta made and he walked into my room the other day to see what they looked like . 
  he was shocked at the level of detail ( and asked if i could get gt5 ) and said that he did n't expect video games to hit it big . 
  only pixies , without `` the '' . 
  this maybe makes sense , but a lot of cities ignored urbanism and common sense during times of rapid growth .
