  it was written in the middle of grunge and all that , and i remember nirvana had a tune called ' i hate myself and want to die ' , and i was like . 
  ` well , i 'm not fucking having that . ', 
  as much as i fucking like him [ nirvana frontman kurt cobain ] and all that shit , i 'm not having that . 
  i ca n't have people like that coming over here , on smack , fucking saying that they hate themselves and they wan na die . 
  that 's fucking rubbish . 
  kids do n't need to be hearing that nonsense . '', 
  language is n't just a language . 
  it is a cultural set that makes us human , not robots that seperate ourselves with serial numbers and skin tone . 
  a universal language would be incredibly practical , but i 'm not sure i 'm ready to take that sacrifice . 
  not yet . 
   in a technical field such as engineering or medicine where transparency and lucidity in communication are absolutely imperative , using a common language is surely advantageous . 
  that 's too big of a sacrifice for an advantage . 
  information and knowledge are blocked more by commercial interests than cultural barriers . 
  countless numbers of works are translated into other languages and a ton of people speak two or more languages . 
  having a common language would help , but the advantages would n't be big enough to forget the side effects . 
  he can read the ones in serbian ( and croatian and bosnian but that 's another story ) and he can read translated articles . 
  it 's as if science only exists in english speaking countries and we others exist in a vacuum , blinded by our own ignorance , right ? 
  i thought i was on hacker news for a second . 
  taking a dump is considered hacking over there . 
  because translation does n't exist and nobody knows a second language we should force people to use a foreign language in their studies even though most of them wo n't continue their academic career and will only work with locals . 
   here go right ahead , try to see how many you can find in a different language, 
  over 6000 in my language in the last 10 years . 
  i bought a ton of them . 
  and saw on the official blog that they 're looking for new authors and i 'm sending my application in . 
  thanks . 
  do people not realize free speech is limited everywhere , including the us ? 
  obscenity , fighting words , child pornography , free speech zones , incitement , slander , patents , advertising , nuclear secrets and national security . 
  there is no such thing as free speech , and countries tailor it according to their needs . 
  not if it 's an amd inside !, 
  / joke from 2002 . 
  chile . 
  out of presidential systems , only the us and chile survived more than a century and half . 
  except chile 's democracy broke down in the 70 's so the us is the last one standing . 
  [ source ] ( http://thinkprogress.org/yglesias/2010/11/21/199148/the-perils-of-presidential-democracy-revisited/?mobile=nc ), 
  sweden , netherlands and japqn are n't doing too shabby either . 
  japan has been having slow growth for years , and the recent problems have n't helped , but it is still one of the richest countries on earth . 
  lenovo makes brown laptops ? 
  or you know ... both . 
  twin cities : h\u00fcsker d\u00fc , suicide commandos , the replacements , soul asylum and prince with ties to bob dylan and the hold steady . 
  nope . 
  any subreddit is `` property '' of the person/s that made it . 
  the reddit team made that very clear on several occasions . 
  i never heard of the photo , but i since i was in stockholm i 'm talking about the time i was in a mcdonalds and every single person working there was beautiful . 
  not to burst your bubble , but the us is n't a developing nation and comparing it to them is wrong . 
  yes and no . 
  now we have additional content like booklets and even apps ( the roots - undun ) . 
  the cover is n't dead , it just is n't as important . 
   poor sexual taste, 
  definitely / mu/tant . 
  back and to the left ... back and to the left . 
  that probably has something to do with the monarchy . 
  half of the population voted for bush . 
  twice . 
  am i the only one seeing a juggalo ? 
  fucking inkblots , how do they work ? 
  / r/iwantout, 
  i would eat a mile of her shit just to see where it came from . 
  i 'm pretty much on the bleeding edge of modern technology . 
  early adopter with access to all the cool toys . 
  but tv 's are n't `` ever-changing '' and if you buy a decent model you wo n't need a new one for years . 
  sure , maybe i 'm the only geek that does n't care about the differences between regular lcd and led tv 's , but neither is the average customer . 
  [ you all are welcome ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/apoplexy ) . 
  i still think it sucks . 
  a lot of people still think it sucks . 
  that does n't mean that it wo n't sell . 
  people knew jack shit about phones before the iphone came out . 
  that razr thin piece of crap sold millions and people did n't look beyond their operators for a decent phone . 
  we had smartphones , we had touchscreens , we had web browsing , music and video players , memory cards and built in memory , we had apps and gps . 
  also , the guy has a few good points , but he did n't count on apple to overcome a couple of them . 
  one interesting thing is that there was no app store when this was written and without it the iphone really would n't stand half of a chance as today . 
  `` i made it , and i can take it back ! '', 
  i trie checked , and there is no way croatia spends more on defence than pakistan or bahrain . 
  we have less than 2 % , both of them have more than 3 , and the table shows croatia above them . 
  stra\u0161no . 
  he did n't see any action , us and other troops there were peacekeepers after the war . 
  what he maybe saw was bodies and other evidence of a gruesome war . 
  just stamps . 
  you can calculate the price [ here ] ( http://ircalc.usps.com/?country=10082 ) . 
  [ here you go ] ( http://rossdawsonblog.com/weblog/archives/2010/10/launch_of_newsp.html ) . 
  not exactly what you want , but newspaper extinction timeline per country . 
  the second amendment is all great and cool until the tea party uses it and calls obama the tyrant . 
  any attempt to overthrow the government wo n't be simple and clear cut , and it will mean civil war , not `` we the patriot americans vs the tyrannical military dictatorship . '', 
  the tea party is just an example . 
  i 'm talking about any situation where overthrowing the government would be a scenario . 
  i 'm wondering ... how big a percentage can vote for some party in the us , but it does n't get a seat ? 
  the 6 million are just jews . 
  a lot of other people died in the camps . 
  exactly the reason why the original constitution should be changed today . 
   forced voter id, 
  why is this a problem ? 
   it 's very , very illegal in most of europe . 
  i would n't say most . 
  auction houses and antique traders prefer not to work with it , banned or not . 
  i never watch friends , but i saw 30 seconds of this scene yesterday , while shuffling channels . 
  nick cave is a mofo , so i 'll nominate his every song . 
  but the most famous one is where the wild roses grow with kylie minogue , where he smashes her head with a rock . 
   on the third day he took me to the river, 
   he showed me the roses and we kissed, 
   and the last thing i heard was a muttered word, 
   as he stood smiling above me with a rock in his fist,
