  it could be the best music ever made , but i 'm just not interested in it . 
  if it were a rock band i would probably stop , maybe throw in a buck , whether it was metallica or some local band . 
  it 's the music people stop for , not celebrities , although they would probably get more people to stop . 
  what would you say your english skills are ? 
  do you have to be somewhat above average or kicking ass with grammar ? 
  english is not my mother tongue but i speak and write it fairly well . 
  my problem is that i do n't know all the rules but i can recognize when something 's not written or said correctly . 
  do you think i could land such a job considering i have been teaching classes other stuff and do n't have a problem with such communication ? 
  in any case , i 'm planning on finishing college first and then spend a year or two living somewhere else . 
  teaching english seems like a pretty good job so why not , right ? 
  i know word classes and tenses but some advanced stuff would probably give me a hard time . 
  my english skills are probably a result of years of cartoon network as a kid and then movies , shows and in the end internet . 
  american culture is spread so much around the world that most kids learn english from tv . 
  at age 20 i can use it good enough to pass as a natural speaker ... well , at least i hope so . 
  i 'm a journalist so that helps too . 
  i 'm not sure i 'm the first one to notice this , but :, 
  - a male friend , in his sexual prime , confessed to a girl friend that he is a virgin, 
  - he is attractive and charming but does n't have a girlfriend, 
  well , that brings us to two theories . 
  one : he is gay ( unlikely ) and two : he has a crush on you and is aiming at losing his virginity with you . 
  it seems that you 're falling for it . 
  i lurked for a couple of weeks , mostly picking up funny pics and interesiting articles . 
  first found out about it on wired and registered probably to upvote something funny . 
  when i discovered the magic of the comments section i started to reply . 
  at first i was careful with it , but nowadays i just ramble something and press `` save '' . 
  drank wine on a roof with my friends girlfriend and her friend ( friend friend friend ) . 
  we listened to music and goofed around . 
  nothing special . 
  oooo . 
  a piece of candy . 
  somewhat , yes . 
  it disproves my second theory , or at least i think it does ... 
  anyway , you could do it and make him a happy man with the risk of destroying a friendship . 
  it 's only a risk , but you can be 100 % sure you wo n't look him with the same eyes , and vice versa . 
  a pig farm in the middle of nowhere where 200 men , women , children were executed , many of them wounded and taken out of the hospital . 
  extremly creepy and rage inducing . 
  [ 524 points ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/reddit.com/comments/7xis9/these_kids_are_messed_up_and_they_need_to_be/c07oi6n ), 
  then type trffoy.com, 
  that 's why i said it 's unlikely . 
  i 'm not sure he would insist on talking about sex in that case . 
  i 'm not sure about the xna thing on wm. 
  ballmer mentioned it a long time ago , but most wm devices do n't have the hardware to make it happen . 
  in [ vukovar ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vukovar_massacre ) , croatia . 
  i 'm not so sure , because wm still has a greater focus on business than entertainment . 
  anyway , i hope it will , but doubt it . 
   expressing your opinion seems dangerous on reddit, 
  people on the internet saying bad things to me and lowering my karma score !, 
  palin is powerful ? 
  i hope he does n't play defcon on one pc and have some work software open on the other . 
  he might get confused . 
  death magnetic is a fucking masterpiece when compared to anything nickelback made . 
  of the last two pages of replys i 've got , only one has been negative or at a uncomfortable tone . 
  and i ignored it . 
  unless you are awful at expressing yourself or have a soft spot for nazis , you do n't have a problem . 
  by not commenting you are depriving yourself of a cool experience and the few dicks that have bad reactions can be ignored or ( as i am ) downvoted . 
  simple . 
  you seem like the exact opposite of what people told me a stripper is . 
  i 'm not sure it 's there yet ... maybe some models , maybe a fictional microsoft portable gaming console , maybe a new platform based on wm. 
  the hardware requirements for xna games are pretty high and could be unadequate for a standard wm device made for e-mail , office and e-mail . 
  superbad and talladega nights : the ballad of ricky bobby, 
  well , you do n't have to get drunk every time you get a drink . 
  do you think that you ca n't control yourself in that kind of situations and quit because of that ? 
  no , they 're virgins . 
  oh , even slightly to the left sites as reddit hold frequent heated arguments about gun control . 
  that 's what i was wondering . 
  is op having an alcohol problem or is he an alcoholic ? 
  guilty as charged . 
  but i moved as soon as i understood what i 've done . 
  all the shitty 90s music that made my childhood . 
  when i look back today , some were n't even that bad ; i still listen to the bloodhound gang . 
  from [ blue ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h25lz7gchaw ) and [ gigi d'agostino ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7y4gee0l0_k ) to [ blink 182 ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uwgifgpoo6q ) and [ robbie williams ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xes6u-edkka ) . 
  palm , tuborg green , harp and erdinger . 
  strictly political : russia is in europe, 
  jesus , people are so unpolite these days . 
  let him finish and say thank you . 
  this is a great irl troll method , people really get pissed when you tell them that . 
  that 's why i just laugh like a maniac and creep everyone out . 
  acting like a lunatic that will bite your leg can get you out of messy situations . 
  or make it worse . 
  can you explain the web element ? 
  baby do n't hurt me , do n't hurt me , no more . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1zczuljxs4q ) is the original version , by a serbian band called s.a.r.s. , they announced their new concert these days for which the entrance fee will be 16,5 dinars , less than half a dollar , which is the money they got from sokoj ( local riaa ) for their songs . 
  budjav lebac alone has more than 2 million views . 
  somebody forgot about the 2000 remake ? 
  this somehow reminds me of ass pennies . 
  anybody remember that clip ? 
  i had a great math teacher ... she was smart , reasonable , funny , cute and had a big desire to actually teach us something and make us understand things . 
  i saw her as a cute young teacher and really did n't give a shit about math which was my achilles heel for years . 
  but the day she made us watch pi was when i realized that there 's something to the numbers , and that it did n't have to be school math with hordes of nonsense numbers that were raping me since first grade . 
  ca n't say it opened my eyes , but i was pretty damned impressed ... today , a year and half since that i no longer hate math and actually find things like number theory interesting . 
  balls up . 
  well i do n't live in the us and i prefer things only come out of my ass so ... no . 
  i 've read police there get a monetary incentive for killing criminals . 
  this , of course , leads to plenty of such `` false encounters '' . 
  i 'm doing something really simple and very relaxing . 
  i bought an army knife a couple of years ago , a really cheap one and i 'm making thing out of wood with it , while listening to some music . 
  i 'm doing the m1 garand from a big piece and i 'll be doing the fight club soap after that . 
  a high school teacher in programming class once opened the ten sites filtered by the school , most of them were something like lemonparty , wowomg and goatse . 
  we all had a good laugh until the principle came for the projector . 
  it was the quickest alt-tab i 've ever seen .
