  despite absolutely rocking the test required to get the current job ( best out of approx 600 people , youngest ) , people were reluctant to hire me because i was 18 . 
  the first two seasons rule . 
  i watched all of the episodes more than three times . 
   that black guy is so annoying, 
  you 're thinking of cleveland . 
  using the word tits on tv is a problem ? 
  what ? 
  and there 's nothing wrong with that . 
  i bought an arcade for cheap and since then i bought a hard drive , another controller , wireless headset and other crap . 
  i happily played singleplayer games alone until i had the cash to buy the other stuff . 
  because of the price ? 
  it 's pretty cheap as it is . 
  i was considering this generation and i 'm not sure there is a market for people who would buy their first console now , at least not in the western markets . 
  xbox 360 slim or whatever will mostly be a second or third console , i 'm not sure that people who wanted an xbox missed the $ 199 arcade . 
  these are just evolutionary changes , the motherboard is smaller , more chips are crammed into one and other stuff . 
  it 's not a new xbox ... 
  i 'm thinking it will be sold in a natal bundle . 
  if my current xbox dies , i would get a slimmer one , but i 'm not expecting any more revolutions for this generation . 
  i mean , sony is optimistic and says that the ps3 will last 10 years . 
  we 're four years into that and the only serious evolution it got was the new motion thingie , which is not that revolutionary . 
  i 'm not from the us so i do n't know . 
  we have sex and tits in primetime . 
  `` fuck '' and similar words i can understand , but `` tits '' ? 
  that does n't seem any more vulgar than `` shit '' . 
  there 's a way my friend . 
  also , you 're not missing much . 
  iritating ads every couple of minutes , small number of episodes ... 
  it was cool for a couple of days , but now i 'm back to torrents . 
  well , i laughed . 
  and upvoted . 
  yours looks masonic . 
  sorry , never played zelda and outside of a couple references i do n't know anything about it . 
  nice trollface on the cnn logo . 
  i do n't agree with you , but you get an upvote for putting tl ; dr on top of the text . 
  whew , i thought i was the only one . 
  before dating or any other long encounter i 'd like to know a person better and be sure that i actually like them . 
  it 's just better than to judge someone by a short encounter and looks . 
  maybe i 'm just playing it too safe , but people always act better when in good company . 
  [ cybersyn on wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cybersyn ), 
  sigh . 
  i ca n't believe i 'm defending the us army on this one . 
  but ... 
  consider the info wikileaks can post ? 
  it can certainly invade privacy and bring out information not only hurtful , but very dangerous . 
  i 'm ok with exposing stuff that should be public anyway , or documents like the guantanamo manual thing . 
  on the other hand , where does the line stop ? 
  nuclear codes , passwords , materials that can threaten human lives , not just privacy ? 
  i hope there 's some control over there . 
  that 's just one example of that , there are many other things that can threaten lives . 
  i 'm just afraid that one day my name will be up there in the name of transparency , taking a big crap over my privacy . 
  interesting article , but is n't this really expensive ? 
  all the space needed for the racks and everything . 
  he mentions that a huge amount of the cost is labor , not fiber , but what about the space needed for it ? 
  the rent ? 
  let 's say that you donated to some organization at some point , and want to keep that a secret . 
  but they keep the info , it leaks and your name ends up online . 
  like what happened with the bnp membership list , but let 's say it 's a list of gay people , list of unlock codes for a model of safe , list of ... anything . 
  it 's easy when it 's bad guys and their info . 
  i 'm sure it does , but i just want to say that not every leak is positive and the us army has a point here . 
  just that they 're defending it for the wrong ideals . 
  looks like a bunch of grown up kids playing with their guns . 
  interesting , if you find some articles let me know . 
  check your attitude and then check mine . 
  notice the differences . 
   consider this : if wikileaks does something awful , military people 's names are published only putting them or their families in danger in theory ( like maybe a taliban fighter will apply for a student visa , fly to the us , track down the family and ... wait is this even remotely likely ? ) . 
  no , but how about a list of us spies in foreign countries . 
  that would put hundres , if not thousands of lives in danger . 
  if you do n't like spies , then how about a list of homosexuals in iran ? 
  they are in the leaking documents business , not terrorism or crucifiction . 
  just look at the bnp members list . 
  let 's say it was the other way , that it was a far left group involved , maybe libertarian , something that many redditors are a member of , and that that leaked . 
  imagine seeing your name , address , occupation and age published when you wanted it to stay a secret . 
  that 's a huge privacy breach . 
  i know a couple of people , i 'll ask them on monday . 
  the hunting party , cross of iron , fiddler on the roof aaaand that 's about it . 
  the rest are domestic crap , eurocrap and trash crap like uwe boll . 
  civilians . 
  i know plenty of people that saw a lot of crap during the war ( s ) . 
  i was lucky enough just to spend time in the shelter and hear the bombing on a couple of occasions . 
   would n't admitting that there is a law other than that as defined by the catholic faith undermine the papal authority ? 
  the pope is just the spirital leader of catholics , and the vatican recognizes secular , earthly governments . 
  the pope does n't have any authority outside the vatican walls , except spiritual . 
  the vatican makes agreements with countries about funding , laws and other stuff , but these are case by case matters and the pope still does n't have any authority . 
  i was one of the first generations to learn swimming in school , so i guess in a couple of decades everyone will know how to swim , at least in my country . 
  oh , so you suck in nato into attacking afghanistan and then just withdraw in the middle of everything ? 
  that would be great and in a year or two we could have another taliban regime that would be a perfect safe harbour for terrorist groups like al qaida . 
  soldiers from my country are there too , and nothing would please me more than them coming back home alive , but nato and the us made an obligation to put this through and any withdrawal before the objective is completed is cowardice , scoring cheap political points and a huge huge injustice . 
  oh please , you had presidents that did far worse stuff , yet not one of them faced the consequences in a high court , at least in the last 100 years as far as i know . 
  this is n't obama 's decision , you have courts , attorneys and other institutions made to do this job . 
  even further back . 
  i wrote a small report on randomness a couple of years ago in high school , but i suck at math so take this with a grain of salt . 
  the cpu uses thermal data from the temperature sensor to generate random numbers . 
  of course , this involves other calculations , not just the raw data . 
  microsoft blocking opera ? 
  say it ai n't so !, 
  yes it will . 
  maybe not through our parents or ads/movies targeted at our parents , but kids of the future will still discover music through hendrix , led zeppealin , the doors and other 60 's and 70 's performers . 
  the reason is simple - music does n't age . 
  good music often stays and is still listened in the future , despite popularity - nobody listens to n sync anymore and they were extremely popular , but people still listen to , let 's say pixies . 
  not a lot of them , but plenty more than n sync .
