  it 's nice and i like it . 
  i 've got a couple of job opportunities but i 'm not ready to devote myself until i know what to do in life . 
  happy ? 
  currently , no . 
  croatian . 
  the last sentence was a joke , in case someone does n't get it . 
  i got ta stand in his defense , boyish girls are often cute . 
  there , somebody had to say it . 
  this was an excellent troll oportunity and you did n't use it . 
  well done . 
  i saw a t-shirt once : `` i fucked the girl from hanson '' . 
  heard similar things about tokio hotel . 
  i look more like 4chan than reddit . 
  yep , it 's a holiday in most ex yugoslav countries . 
  people buy women flowers , gifts , kids give to their teachers , children to their mothers . 
  i risk getting downvoted ( looks at the subreddit he 's in ) , but i did n't do anything today . 
  americans seem to be extatic with the fact that they have a human president this time around . 
  wow . 
  i spent about an hour there ... 
  it looks like reddit is n't exaggerationg with the teabaggers hate , they really are lunatics . 
  i 'm feeling a little sorry for the us redditors now . 
  not sure you want that . 
  that sort of guilt will breed another hitler . 
  remember his writings after germany was humiliated after wwi ? 
  and yet germany with 80 million people was the biggest exporter in the world until last year when it was beaten by china , population 1.3 billion . 
  well to be fair , the mac users had it going . 
  reality has a liberal bias you know . 
  i know that not what you asked , but some , mostly older and patriachal communities have a tradition of some kind . 
  the father would take the pubescent kid to a prostitute or find him another willing and experienced lady . 
  mind you , this does n't really happen anymore , although i did hear taxi driver a couple of years ago saying to me something along these lines : `` my kid is having bad grades , he 's chasing some girl . 
  fuck it , i said to him to learn now and i 'll buy him a whore later '' . 
  interesting . 
  i 'm shy , but here , my facebook [ profile pic ] ( http://photos-c.ak.fbcdn.net ) . 
  the one that shows enough neckbeard . 
  i actually do n't have a problem with this . 
  if it 's fun or exciting or tickles my pleasure center in the brain , i 'm cool with it . 
  i 've got an xbox but play it around 5 hours a week , mostly fifa and rock band with friends . 
  ca n't get addicted to a game for more than a day . 
  the [ war ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/croatian_war_of_independence ) . 
  mostly saw it on tv , but i can still today remember the pictures of dead people , soldiers , and all the bombing scenes . 
  my dad works for the national tv station so he was always somewhere , sometimes on the lines , but the [ zagreb rocket attack ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zagreb_rocket_attack ) was the most traumatic one , since my mom was going back from work when it happened , but nothing happened . 
  i pass near the places where the bombs fell every day . 
  there 's a comment from a gay guy saying that i look cute , and after that a girl says that i look like jack black . 
  i 'm ok with that , 
  sigh . 
  i do n't know why i 'm doing this . 
  what 's next . 
  i clicked on a link the other day , absolutely knowing that it will take me to another man 's massive crap . 
  on [ reddit ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/b8yo3/guy_posts_his_pic_redditor_prints_it_out_frames/c0lkkvh ) of all places . 
  i enjoyed your ama , and i enjoyed the post where someone accused you of being a liar . 
  some fine evidence was brought out and i enjoyed that fact that not everyone was sitting and reading it , like i did . 
  that 's why i like reddit . 
  but then i saw your response to the whole mess and decided that you are the ass here . 
   yes , downvote me : on reddit , a person can not defend himself . 
  on reddit , accusing someone of something is enough proof . 
  reddit loves drama - oh , someone is accused of lying ? 
  and he wrote a few mistakes in his post ? 
  that 's enough , i can get a lot of free karma . 
  i simply have to mention a few times i am not doing this for karma , obviously !, 
   oh yeah , once the guy is accused of trolling , everything else he says ... is also trolling !, 
  me : `` i already said that blah blah blah '' guy : here he goes trolling again !!!!!!!!, 
  i told you he was trolling !, 
  he is trolling !!!!, 
  is this how an adult acts ? 
   you guys are idiots , plain and simple . 
  reddit is no better than fox news, 
  redditors are n't a single entity so do n't put us all in the same pot , although i 'd rather be with that other guy than you . 
  your reaction is childish and overrated . 
  if you told the truth from the beginning and got a verified ama , nothing would happen . 
  you got yourself into this . 
  i 'm kinda disappointed that i did n't get the refference . 
  i thought it was for personal masturbation purposes , but ok , i 'm not insulted or anything ... 
  suck it , fuck it , or leave it alone . 
  i heard this a couple of years ago . 
  you sound like patrick bateman from american psycho , but instead of genesis , you 've got porn . 
  it 's their thing . 
  i could n't live with crap ala lady gaga , but this i can live with . 
  i fucking hate him . 
  that was my dream for years . 
  people used to laugh at my parents when their 10 year old wanted to be a un official . 
  but no questions please , ever since the iphone came out everyone is an expert . 
  women ca n't be sexist . 
  black people ca n't be racist . 
  that 's not true . 
  both germany and japan have a long history of hard work and strong economies . 
  charlie brooker is my personal god . 
  you m-m-m-m-make me ... hap-p-py . 
  i actually like him . 
  ( enough to have a rock band that only covers his songs ), 
  [ i love this song ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lof_a0-7xvq ) . 
  that 's cheap in some places . 
  he is not even near to the stuff i usually listen to ( pixies , kyuss , sonic youth , fugazi etc. ), 
  but i like his older songs . 
  escapology was a good album . 
  people look at him like any other pop star , with the addition of gallagher-like behavior , but i disagree . 
  yep , i listen to pavement , thanks . 
  yes . 
  his music is n't really the kind that most of the last.fm demographics would listen , and he already has a meme status in croatia . 
  he 's a fucking superstar . 
  if i did buy digital music i would insist on at least 320 kbps mp3 , at the minimum , but only because i want the highest quality for my money .
