  you know your shit . 
  yes . 
  i thought the tie would be a clear hint . 
  many croats emigrated to america , my relatives still come back every now and then . 
  do you have some family here or you lost contact ? 
  edit : spelling, 
  simple browsing ? 
  install opera and just surf , you will never even know turbo , e-mail client or irc exists . 
  until you decide to use it it does n't waste your resources , time , space or speed . 
  then you mention a shitload of plugins or extensions for firefox and complain about bloat in opera ? 
  just deal with the fact that it is a top notch browser that does n't have the propaganda machine firefox has , does n't have a large corporation like ie , chrome and safari have and does n't charge into the browser war with tricks , but with innovation . 
  your comments seem trollish and act as a flambait , but i did n't downvote you . 
  just fyi . 
  but then again yoo 're thinking about everything ? 
  i wrote a comment full with puns and witty commentary , but deleted it . 
  since i do n't live in the us and all i know about ben & jerry 's came from movies , reddit and their wikipedia entry , all i can say is that this is a nice move . 
  maybe it 's a marketing trick , maybe there 's some kind of a gay plot behind it , but in the end , it 's a nice gesture from a huge company . 
  i love him and hate him in the same time . 
   no smart phone before the iphone had what the iphone had : a somewhat tolerable web browser . 
  nokia introduced a webkit ( same engine as safari ) browser a long time before the iphone . 
  it was great then and i enjoy it now . 
  not mentioning opera mobile . 
  no , it does n't have a name , people just call it nokia browser or something similar . 
  it has been in all nokia smartphones since the end of 2005 . 
  that 's a year before the iphone was even announced . 
  the rendering engine is the same , so it ca n't be worse . 
  * tears of joy *, 
  hey , i 've got a better one :, 
   patriotism is your conviction that this country is superior to all other countries because you were born in it . 
  george bernard shaw, 
  so , guess who 's coming to dinner ? 
  the first time you met her parents ? 
  there 's a saying in post socialist countries : then you had the money to buy anything , but stores did n't have it . 
  today , stores have everything but you do n't have the money . 
  i 'm from croatia . 
  what do you think about yugoslavia ? 
  the 8 hour thing is interesting . 
  how is that calculated ? 
  from the geek side of me : i like computers and all that , but ca n't stand fantasy and most of sf . 
  i 'm 20 but rarely play games , do n't like blizzard or valve but i think portal is pretty cool . 
  i suck at math and the only comic book i like is alan ford . 
  i do n't know how to play any card game except uno . 
  from the macho side : i love beer , hanging out with the guys , girls , but in the same time love musicals , hate football and like politics , geography and history . 
  i 'm 6 ' 3 , suck at every sport except swimming . 
  from the liberal side : i am at the far left side , even extreme in some things , but i like guns and military hardware ... 
  the thing is i still think firearms should be banned . 
  i got stabbed in one of those fights once . 
  i 'm reviewing the 13 inch mbp and got pissed yesterday when i saw two squares and not * the * look . 
  oh great , now i 'm a douchebag because of my choice of deoderant . 
  i use a normal amount , but i 'm really pissed people make assumptions about other people just because of the deoderand brand they use . 
   emily deschanel, 
  fuck it , i guess it 's not that bad . 
  i 'm left as they come , but i disagree . 
  once you fuck up you ca n't just cop out and throw some money at the problem . 
  in the afghanistan case nato ( and other countries ) should get some balls and send more troops , more experts and get people jobs . 
  not only fight the taliban , but give them a reason put down their weapons and work for their prosperity . 
  my country has about a 1000 troops there and if one of them gets killed i 'll be sorry , i 'll go to the funural but i 'll be even more pissed if someone wants to get the troops out . 
  i remember 13 years ago when my neighbours and family died because nobody cared to help us defend ourselves . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2008/jul/17/italy.g8 ) is a very interesting article about italian riot police . 
  a long story but a thankful read . 
  yes , and we have to adapt . 
  that 's why we need an international commision with people who actually know the locals and can help them . 
  make a 10 , 15 or 50 year plan and ** do it ** no matter how hard . 
  i ca n't even think of the possibility of withdrawal because , unlike the iraq war , a whole lot of countries need to be ashamed of thinking they could change a country . 
  is it possible ? 
  well i think it is , but we should n't fool ourselves : we crapped it up and need to fix it . 
  i 'm not saying the current course is right , the thing i 'm pissed about is the lack of international will to fix the situation , but when the prospects of an invasion came up no one had a problem to send their army . 
   we are n't making anyone safer by being in afghanistan . 
  i disagree . 
  the taliban had their country before and it was a terrorist breeding ground . 
  i 'm not saying it 's a better situation now , but they no longer have institutional support and financing from the state of afghanistan . 
  i would rather not , because it could turn out into a whole argument . 
  it was [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/croatian_war_of_independence ) . 
  yes . 
  we should n't ` pull an iraq ' here ... just get in , fuck their shit up and run out like the us is planning in iraq . 
  i 've heard the historic examples before and do n't agree with them . 
  all the situations were different and ca n't relate to the current state . 
  i 've heard those examples when the invasion started , with the statements like `` the allies wo n't stand for a month '' . 
  well it 's not a full victory but the governmet was overthrown and life is better than before , at least in most places . 
  as americans would say `` the tyrannic government was overthrown '' . 
  again , just look at the numbers :, 
  soviet war in afghanistan : 10 years and over a million dead , just civilians . 
  nato war in afghanistan : 60 000 max , both civilian and military . 
  this is n't a mission accomplished , but it 's far from a lost war . 
   so , i would ask that you make your case as to why you believe that we are at all capable of `` fixing situation '' . 
  i 'm afraid we 're not . 
  but before we get out only because of lost popular support ( a part of it because compairing the situation to iraq ) and leave it to the terrorists we should give everything we can to make it better . 
  to quote myself , not throw money at the problem , but fix it . 
  how ? 
  well i could throw a few suggestions but i 'm no expert , that 's why we need someone who understands local problems and has an idea how to fix them . 
  i got beat up by a cop protesting against the iraq war , dodged a rubber bullet and got my fair share of tear gas . 
  i 'm against wars , imperialism and the western way of exporting its culture . 
  but if we are there we have a responsibility to do everything humanly possible to do everything we can to make it better . 
  well pulling out right now would bring chaos we could n't even comprehend . 
  tens of thousands `` collaborators '' would get shot in the streets , the talibans would grow stronger and the weak afghanistan army would switch sides to the one that has a better chance of winning , and a pull out gives a good signal of win or loss . 
  that 's the reason we need to `` pull our shit together '' and make the best of it , not just throw money and manpower . 
  whether it was right or wrong of us to invade is not an issue now . 
  cut and run is inexcusable wrong . 
  and you 're going skiing tomorrow ? 
  say no to crack .
