  not sure , but if you 're selling and willing to ship overseas , i 'd buy it . 
   porno site, 
  definitely buy a managed vps . 
  digitalocean is great and i use it regularly , but you 're a designer and not a sysadmin so something managed and with a control panel would be the best option for you . 
  as a native english speaker would ? 
  jel on za mami\u0107a ? 
   said reisman, 
  most su neodlu\u010dne pi\u010dkice . 
  first three seasons were great and then everything went downhill . 
  i puf !, 
  sad je reddit friendly . 
  i have like two or three ones , any relative who hears that i collect records gives me their copy ... and everyone has on of course . 
  ama ? 
  someone post that wrestling gif , `` i need a chair . '', 
  samo velim da nije firma kriva za to . 
  is that mayo ? 
  like in the us , you can get a weapon easily in some european countries and harder in others . 
  the point is most people simply do n't want a gun . 
  crime is generally lower , murders are limited and people have enough trust in the institutions and their neighbors to keep them safe . 
  in the city where i live with another million people murders are n't random , there are no ghettos , home invasions are front page news and the crime rate is lower than any us city over the population of 250k . 
  and it 's what americans would call a poor eastern european 3rd world country . 
  why do you think that a modest country that lies on the north european plain between germany and russia on can be compared to the us ? 
  they 're between a rock and a hard place and an armed population would only create potential for a messy civil war . 
  the us is n't comparable to poland . 
  or most countries in the world . 
  if one or two large powers want to take over your country they can easily instigate different political sides and incite a civil war before coming to the rescue when one side asks them . 
  guns on every corner make that easier . 
  why does everyone always think that every war is a straightforward total war when half of it is deception and politics . 
  divide and conquer , it happened in europe enough times that we still remember . 
  sauce ? 
   a sajt im je u wordpressu, 
  a da ? 
  how so ? 
  my 2004 phone had multitasking , apos , internet browser , video playback ... 
  i played muliplayer games . 
  razr did n't use symbian . 
  nokia used s60 and s90 , sony ericsson uiq . 
  other symbian based oss were n't popular . 
  actually nokia and symbiam were late to the flip phone game and most symbian phones had too beefy hardware to be flip phones , except the communicator series . 
  only later did they catch up , around 2006 . 
  which does n't mean that this is ridiculous and bizarre . 
  [ najvi\u0161e prosje\u010dne pla\u0107e ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_european_countries_by_average_wage ) u isto\u010dnoj europi osim slovenije i estonije . 
  a well made compulsory id card with a photo would practically fix this , correct ? 
  i 'm being a bit facetious but i think the point still stands . 
  i austrougari ? 
  i really doubt that since motorola was n't a member of the symbian foundation and any screenshots i found of the device do n't look like symbian , at least not s60 . 
  jebe\u0161 pucanje , mrtve i \u010dobanluk , ali vertikalni video , nema oprosta za to . 
  relevant username . 
  thirded . 
  or whatever the spelling is . 
  i have windows 10/ubuntu dual boot on my yoga and use cygwin while not in linux . 
  it 's connected to a 24 '' monitor over hdmi . 
  i da i ne . 
  not indie , but one answer for all genres : king crimson - in the court of the crimson king . 
  onda usporedi patterne glasanja u zadnjih 20 godina . 
   our results show that past formal institutions can leave a long-lasting legacy through cultural norms -- even after some are generations of being governed by other authorities . 
  nearly a century after its demise , the habsburg empire lives on in the people living within its former borders -- in their attitudes towards and interactions with local state institutions, 
  slovenia is a republic and their parliament voted this in . 
  direct democracy voted rights out . 
  this certainly is n't progressive . 
  human rights are sappy , got it . 
  do you think a woman 's right to vote is also sappy and liberal ? 
  because that 's what direct democracy gets you , and the reason women did n't have full suffrage in switzerland until 1990 . 
  human rights are n't up for a vote and direct democracy is a sham . 
  you did n't answer mine . 
  is a woman 's right to vote liberal and sappy ? 
  kako ka\u017ee twain , rumors of my death have been greatly exaggerated . 
  e sad jel to produkt mita , raskola , austrougarske ili osmanlija je druga stvar . 
  exactly . 
  it * might * lose one or two , depending on various referendums or political shakeups , but i do n't believe any country could join anytime soon , except perhaps iceland if the political climate changes . 
   major terror attack in italy, 
  germany is not as soft of a target but an attack there would be much more beneficial for isis/affiliated terrorist groups . 
  - eu - russian relations de-escalate after european industry pressures for negotiations and russia loses influence in iran and syria , opening a way for a ceasefire in ukraine , perhaps a high degree of independence or the eastern provinces . 
  - isis destroyed in iraq and badly damaged in syria but with several franchises active in northern africa and other middle eastern countries . 
  - china 's growth slows again , causing ripples affecting foreign partners and internal dissent . 
  they 'll almost certainly escalate a few more border disputes , but probably keep away from india . 
  - eu still wandering in the dark , affected by internal problems , migration and foreign interference . 
  germany still calling the shots but merkel 's position weakened . 
  possible successor could come up . 
  edit : please god , just not trump . 
  semen stains the mountaintops ? 
  a catholic church backed referendum limited marriage only to include the same sex , but the center-left government in return gave all possible rights to homosexuals except outright marriage and full adoption rights . 
  considering the amount of religious backlash and generally conservative attitudes , this really is progressive for croatia . 
  not by the footage i 've seen . 
  zagreb is going through a tourist boom in the last two years . 
  regarding personal safety , the balkans are safer than most western european capitals . 
  exactly . 
  i have two old laptops that are worth maybe $ 100 on ebay and they 're perfectly fine for testing and learning for a beginner . 
   and the kind of user base they have, 
  the largest in the world , maybe you heard . 
  yugoslavia was a federation and the countries had established institutions and long historical basis for statehood . 
  every olympic games , every world cup we hear the same things . 
  it wo n't be done in time , it 's gon na be a disaster , look at the crime/corruption/weather etc. 
  and yet the world cup went fine in the same place or in south africa . 
  stuff was ready in time . 
  ima hd ali nema titlova . 
  ahem, 
  as one of the thousands that made their account today i can assure you it 's true . 
  geographical righty vary so not everything is available everywhere . 
  i came from zagreb to vienna for tame impala two years ago , so there 's that .
