  that callipygian1 is being paranoid as hell and although i do n't doubt that there are people paid to post shit on social networks , thinking that reddit is full of them is equally delusional as thinking there is nobody that has a different opinion than you . 
  although i agree with the posted story , i can very easily see people thinking otherwise and do n't have the need to call them an `` indian robot army . '', 
  on a completely unrelated note , i am getting moist just thinking about june 24 . 
  wow . 
  makes me think how the next 100 years will turn out . 
  are we really living in a period of perpetual unprecedented prosperity and peace , or will it all go to hell again ? 
  reminds me of my grandmother , who was born in the same house she is living right now , but went through two wars and lived in five countries . 
  hell , i 'm 22 and i lived in two countries without even moving . 
  random notes :, 
  - portugal seems to have the most stable border, 
  - russia looks like it 's just waiting for its chance, 
  - the dramatic music at 2:55 goes excellent with the new post-wwi map, 
  - germany is just too confusing to watch, 
  - modern croatia 's southern border is first seen about 600 years ago, 
  1972 as well . 
  nixon got every state except massachusetts . 
  after watergate they had bumper stickers that said `` do n't blame me -- i 'm from massachusetts . '', 
  one two three four !, 
  does tesla really need to be remembered like this ? 
  hyperbolic half-truths by a guy selling `` tesla  edison '' coffee mugs and t-shirts . 
  i 'm a fan of tesla and he was born in my country where he later advocated electrification , but i 'm not going to deface wikipedia and shit all over edison just to prove a point . 
  success should n't be the only metric here . 
  i could easily get famous as the guy sitting on local monuments naked and eating shit , but i wo n't because i have some dignity and wo n't do just about anything for fame and money . 
  she will , and that 's what makes it bad . 
  croatia in the house !, 
   regarding the wikipedia article . 
  he only wants to get it on the douchebag page , not rewrite the whole article . 
  and it 's obviously a joke , not a serious intent . 
  both `` douchebag '' and `` thomas edison '' were locked because of vandalism . 
  his intention could be debated , but the outcome was obvious from the start . 
  poems do n't translate well . 
  my point was that not everyone here is american , and children 's poems are n't usuly translated . 
  that 's why some people never heard about shel . 
  this is n't military porn . 
  this is n't even a photo . 
  every continent suffered a nuclear explosion except south america . 
  dubstep . 
  in some countries people do n't move out until they 're married and even later , not to mention moving to a different country . 
  spain has one of the largest economies in the world . 
  if spain falls , everything goes and 2008 will look like a groovy year . 
  nope . 
  still not convinced that cameron is n't a lizard . 
  this is the funniest thing i saw on reddit in a long time . 
  hell-raiseeer in the thunder and heeeeat !, 
  sorry to say , but monaco does n't offer much for an average tourist with moderate money ( and taste ) . 
  the oceanographic museum is one of the better things there . 
  being a dirty foreigner , i do n't know anyone who watches community on thursdays . 
  if it did air in my country , i would make a community party every week , watch an episode , drink some beer ... this way everybody watches it ten minutes after it airs . 
  hey , i 'm the guy that interviewed john the other day . 
  he was super nice and cool , i 'll post the interview soon . 
  which means nothing . 
  the market dictates the game , they just make it . 
   `` hey reddit here is a chance to send a gift to men/women who put their life on the line for what they believe in '', 
  this reasoning is crap . 
  people put their lives on the line for a lot of shit , and just because it is paid by the government does n't mean we should endorse it . 
  i want those soldiers to come home and try not to kill anyone or themselves in the way . 
  no more , no less . 
   `` u.s. hacker ** organization ** . '', 
  rrrright indeed . 
   how did germany deal with their minority problem ? 
  better than the us did , i 'm sure , since both countries have the same percentage of immigrants . 
  whoosh or not , i heard the same argument a lot of times without a hint of joking . 
  it will be , but not in a language a lot of you speak ( croatian ) . 
  i remember when search sucked . 
  what made you think it is ? 
  rambo amadeus is an awesome guy . 
  during the war he marched on stage at a huge rally in serbia , threw the singer away and started shouting at the audience that they are enjoying themselves while sarajevo , vukovar and dubrovnik are burning . 
  he could have easily lost his head for that , but instead got banned from tv and radio for some time . 
  your second paragraph made me think . 
  how many european countries went through the same war/invasion thing in the same period ? 
  my own country lost its independence for 800 years and i 'm sure many others have similar scars and fear of foreign meddling . 
  in contrast , albert speer 's son is a famous architect today , and even designed germany 's submission for the world expo . 
  then again speer senior was n't much of a monster . 
  in a lot of countries carrying id is mandatory . 
  why does everyone thing these people are gypsies ? 
  did anyone actually ever see a gypsy ? 
  1300 vehicles . 
  since the soviet military had over 55 thousand tanks , 70 thousand apc 's , 24 thousand ifv 's and around 4500 helicopters i do n't think it did a big dent . 
  i usually fly ryanair because the bus to the airport costs about the same as the flight , and since europe is n't that big i ca n't fly more than three hours and wo n't suffer for long . 
  ca n't help but compare it to its british original , after which it is dull and unedgy . 
  the characters look stupid and uninteresed , everyone is playing a moron , while in the thick of it people are actually trying to make things happen . 
  so fucking what ? 
  why not ? 
  projector technology , kinect-like sensors and solid processing power could be smashed in a single device within years . 
  this is very plausable . 
  i 'm sorry i was too young to get my yugoslav passport . 
  shops mostly do n't work on sundays . 
  i need to walk over half an hour to buy bread on a sunday afternoon . 
  not that i 'm apologising for israel , but vanunu was guilty for the highest form of treason . 
  he 's lucky to be alive . 
  did n't israel have the bomb before npt was signed ? 
  so technically france and others did n't breach the npt on that occasion and israel did n't sign it even later . 
   the us/uk had so they 'd be breaking it under the article we discussed earlier . 
  yes , but israel made their bomb before the treaty existed so us/uk could n't breach it . 
  or rob gordon . 
  someone should inform england , scotland , wales , northern ireland and faroe islands . 
  or israel and kazakhstan who are n't even in europe . 
  was yugoslavia eastern europe ? 
  i live two minutes from one of the venues , in a city that is north of rome and west of vienna . 
  yugoslavia was n't behind the iron curtain and was n't in the soviet zone .
