  i followed the uk elections very carefully and plenty of small stories that developed during the day were up for interpretation , all depending on the site where i was reading them . 
  pure stats ca n't be spinned , either you win it or not , but i 'm interested in all of it . 
   someone like albarn now has a career spanning more than a decade, 
  two decades even . 
  blur was formed in 1989 . 
  even on reddit , on the r/music subreddit , people did n't know that damon was behind gorillaz . 
  you could only imagine other people who forgot about blur , not to mention their frontman . 
  damon is n't exactly jumping around yelling `` i am gorillaz ! '' . 
  the band even performed behind the stage for the first couple of years . 
  he is n't putting his status first , but the talent . 
  thanks , upvoted . 
  now if only there were the figure per year ... 
  thank you . 
  this puts some more perspective on the numbers . 
   if a candidate runs on religious values , i vote against that candidate . 
  i would have voted for clinton/bush/kerry / mccain in the last four presidential elections . 
  bush was n't running on religious values ? 
  this would be an excellent movie . 
  probably hsdpa , an upgrade on the standard 3g setup ( umts ) . 
  i heard jello biafra with the guantanamo school of medicine about a month ago . 
  he used schwarzenegger instead of jerry brown . 
   yeah , the balkan communists somehow did very well with that stuff , like this monument ( to goatse or something ) in croatia . 
  monument to the parisan movement against nazis , fascist and their local collaborators . 
  the first resistance movement in europe , and the only one that liberated its country by themselves . 
  they do n't get the credit they deserve . 
  not only monuments , but tito in yugoslavia had some sense of architecture and we got a load of cool buildings , outside of the typical socialist housing projects . 
  some guy wrote a book about it , there was a link on reddit the other day but i ca n't find it now . 
  i 'm from croatia so i can say a word or two about former yugoslavia . 
  a lot of people miss it . 
  not communism , but the certainty of that days . 
  today you have violent capitalism , people losing jobs and their homes , while back then not having a job was borderline criminal . 
  everyone could have a job , however shitty it was , but they could live good with it , get a place to live and put food on the table . 
  not to mention that nationalism and religion were supressed , and nobody cared about politics so there was far less radicalism , and practically no crime . 
  of course you had the downsides , but the big majority of people lived well and were happy . 
  my family was typically middle class and they spent two weeks vacation on the seaside , went to austria , germany or italy once a year , got a good record collection although tvs and stereos were considered luxury , unless they were from a local company and not japan or germany . 
  probably why my dad 's sony stereo still works and the riz one did n't survive until the 90 's . 
  anyway , yugoslavia had a good standard , shared a lot with the west with some of the bad from the east . 
  hell , we had one of the finer punk/new wave scenes in europe at the time . 
  that said , yugoslavia broke apart in nationalistic anger , something that spurred extreme hatred of anything serbian/croatian/muslim / whatever , which in turn made communism , anti-fascism and socialism dirty words that are in direct conflict with our newfound independence . 
  but that 's slowly changing . 
  i am a golden god !, 
   in the balkans , you have the complication that communism is inexorably linked to their partisans/wwii resistance movements , who are still mostly viewed as heroes . 
  depends . 
  they were heroes until yugoslavia collapsed , after that nationalists used everything to paint yugoslavia as a prison where they were kept in from 1945 onward . 
  partisans became enemies over night , a lot of monuments were mined and a lot of post-war partisan crimes came to light . 
  with some help from the church the right-wing government of croatia ( and autocrat franjo tudjman ) flerted with fascism and the ustase nazi puppet regime that ruled croatia during wwii . 
  they did everything to paint socialism/communism/yugoslavia and tito as evil , and used extreme measures just to be different from , hence the forgotten anti-fascism . 
  the fact that tudjman himself was in the partisans and later one of tito 's youngest generals did n't mind him . 
  even today most of the political scene are ex-communists . 
  half of them turned nationalists , half social democrats . 
  so yes , they mostly are regarded as heroes , but with [ jazovka ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jazovka ) and [ bleiburg ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bleiburg_massacre ) in mind . 
  also , the us lost more troops in car accidents in bosnia and kosovo than combat , if any . 
   this is beautiful to read . 
  do n't get carried away , there were downsides . 
   i hope balkan sorts itself out , it 's one of the more culturally rich places on earth . 
  i like to think we 're doing ok . 
  the situation in bosnia and herzegovina is alarming and kosovo is cooling down , but the rest are doing fine and chances of a conflict here again are slimmer by the year . 
  serbian president is visiting [ ovcara ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ovcara ) tomorrow , and the croatian president did a tour of bih and apologised for every crime committed there , which took guts . 
  it 's getting better . 
   killing each other over useless concepts such as nationality and religious orthodoxy . 
  this pisses me off more than you can imagine . 
  people in the us bitch about christian censorship or rallying against gay marriage , but over here both christian and muslim priests blessed weapons , killings and called for exterminations . 
  they gave their moral reasoning for a war that killed tens of thousands of people !, 
  i will never forget the role the catholic ( and orthodox ) churches had in the war . 
   apple wants to make this commonplace . 
  when you can only use the feature from one iphone 4 to another ? 
  only where you have wifi ? 
  i used videocalling over 3g from my nokia to a friends samsung in 2006 . 
  video chat is n't a novelty , it 's a feature that 's been around for years , but now that apple got in the game they killed the previous standards and gone their own way , like usually . 
  is he like dark vader ? 
  [ ] ( / ghappy ), 
  nope . 
  i 'm looking forward to reviewing it and maybe buying . 
  it will be a great party game when i have people over , the same as rock band / guitar hero . 
  when they 're gone i 'm back to my cod , battlefield or whatever `` hardcore '' game i like . 
   kinetic is getting trashed beyond anything i 've ever seen before in gaming . 
  i 'm gon na go ahead and call the hyperbole police . 
  hipster hitler is going down the drain very fast . 
  not to mention [ he drives ] ( http://i.imgur.com/0ek1s.jpg ) like an asshole . 
  ( zemunik afb in croatia , but this road was closed a couple of years ago ), 
  more like r/frugal . 
  i understand you , i just looked at the pretty graphs , but eventually forced myself to do it . 
  the iphone has removable storage ? 
  steve jobs ? 
  as a recent tourist to london , i was pissed with people just stopping in the middle of the street . 
  i can get that people want to gaze at windows or just stop for a second to do something , but for shit sake , have the decency to think about the people around you . 
  also , i did most of my london tour on foot , went from picadilly to buckingham palace , to the parliament , london eye , tate modern , hms belfast to the imperial war museum . 
  i was so tired i only did british museum , abbey road and battersea power station the next day . 
  she looks like a younger cj from the west wing . 
  let 's hear some feedback on this . 
  [ awsomebro ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/9hxtp/reddit_this_is_going_to_sound_pathetic_but_i_may/c0cun5e ) all up in this . 
  love your username . 
  a lot of people have access to the internet , every warmongering asshole can find this pictures in a second , but chooses not to and i bet they could spin them in their minds , just like confirmation bias . 
  i 'm not sure shock tactics would work on these people . 
  i 'm sorry , i read that wrong . 
  i have no idea how their mindset works . 
  i spent a fine part of my childhood in an air shelter , and still freeze up when i smell candles or hear sirens so i may have a different point of view from where i ca n't understand how the aforementioned asshole does n't get disgusted himself . 
  you do n't have to see organs on streets to know war is wrong . 
  i agree with you , but still ca n't deny the fact that the soldiers are as guilty as the rest of the chain , if not more . 
  as sorrowfool said , putting the whole story into a movie is a tough job and you would have to cut corners and get more black and white than you would be comfortable to .
