  in its best version here , the title really explains it all . 
  not to mention the psycho running your nuclear plant . 
  i 'd like to share [ these ] ( http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showthread.php?t=402544 ) pictures of new york . 
  they 're old , but very frightening . 
  by not giving them your private data you 're eliminating most of the 10 reasons . 
  the primary reasons i use it is to communicate with people i usually would n't . 
  i 've got no reason to call the guy who was my teacher for 3 months in high school , but by commenting on his status or liking something he posts we are staying in touch more than we usually would . 
  situations like that landed me a job , a date and new friends , not counting the amount of times it showed me some event that i would never know about . 
   if you 're not sharing any private information , it 's not really communication . 
  i 'm sharing the data i 'm comfortable with . 
  some people have a problem with even writing their name online , and some do n't have a problem with putting their image for everyone to see . 
  my facebook profile has my e-mail address , my jobs , my photos and shows my love towards oz , it 's always sunny in philadelphia and fight club . 
  if that 's all they need , take it . 
  fucking awesome photos . 
  ca n't say the same thing about the people in them . 
   and who were one of the first countries in world history to outlaw slavery . 
  the us ended slavery with the 13th amendment in 1865 . 
  24 countries or territories were before that abolished slavery . 
  not exactly the first , or among the first , as many countries did n't even have slavery . 
  on the part where you have to renounce satan , my group had their fingers crossed behind our backs so that our parents in the back saw , but the priests did n't . 
  i heard a couple of chuckles from the back and one mom thought we were satanists . 
  we just thought it was fun . 
   it really pisses me off when people steal content from someone 's web page and do n't credit them . 
  notice the link at the end of the first post . 
   when i was teaching a school class in harlem i discovered that there was not a single one of the pupils who had not experienced shoot-outs in the streets , where bullets hit even the most innocent child . 
   ** they refused to believe that i came from a country with no guns . 
  `` how do people defend themselves ? '', 
  they would ask . 
  just bad writing , not proof that cnn thinks it 's just a movie . 
  i was one of the pathetic people on reddit 's facebook page . 
  i used to like the show , now i hate it . 
  not sure about long term plans , but i would take a couple of thousand and go on a drunken adventure in town , throw a big party , make an ad hoc orchestra of street musicians that would follow me around . 
  buy extravagant but not too expensive stuff and generally just rub my money into the faces of people i do n't like . 
   how do you say , `` your mother is a whore '' in serbian ? 
  i will also accept any other insults you know . 
  the beautiful nature of balkan languages is that they have an infinite amount of insults and swears , no this answer might be a bit longer than you expect . 
  we fancy ourselves an army , thank you very much . 
  maybe eve , the computer voice from command and conquer ? 
  [ inmusic ] ( http://www.t-mobileinmusicfestival.com/en/programme/2010 ) in croatia . 
  would like to go to exit , too . 
   in the smart phone market they are lagging in market share . 
  they have a few nice devices , but iphone has massive consumer user base . 
  nokia has almost 40 % of the smartphone market . 
   nokia has no back end that i know of . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ovi_ ( nokia ), 
  actually , we do n't . 
  in croatia you have to have at least 10 000 signatures to be a candidate for presidential elections , and that limit is about to rise with the new law . 
  if 10 000 people think you would be a good candidate , that 's a better bet than 500 pounds . 
  20 seconds later , he kills them in a fiery inferno . 
  i usually love popmatters , but the sentence in the title of this submittion is the only worthy thing out of that text . 
  i do n't know who drew carey is , and have never heard of him until a couple of weeks ago , and just by the submissions on reddit , even i know he was both a marine and a hunk . 
  what he 's doing now , i have n't got a clue . 
  it looks like most of them are just embassy soldiers . 
  nonsense . 
  brazil has the technology to build a nuke , but so does a lot of countries , which does n't mean they 'll do it . 
  outside of that , brazil is probably just trying to get some cheap nuclear energy out of this , although it 's not a secret that they 're trying to be a new world superpower . 
  inglourious basterds . 
  watched it 5 times since . 
  my bed in zagreb , croatia . 
  it 's 6 in the afternoon and i do n't want to get up . 
  the first scenario pleases me . 
  i think they 're at that part already , like japan or south african republic . 
  amazon.co.uk does n't ship electronics , only books , movies and cd 's . 
  at least to croatia . 
  you ca n't run away from it . 
  you have no idea how frustrating cultural imperialism is . 
  not really . 
  i went to more than one school here , and it heavily depends on a lot of things , but generally , no . 
  whoa . 
  when i saw the ama i thought how there seems to be a lot of underaged pregnancies in the us , and here it hit me . 
  you could be my neighbour ( well , if you 're in zagreb ) . 
  talk about stereotyping . 
  croatia , t-mobile apn is web.htgprs . 
   they 've been using landmines that turn themselves off for decades . 
  all the dangerous land mines are left over from the 70 's and earlier . 
  but are still used . 
  case in point , the two milion mines in croatia , used between 1991 and 1995 . 
  a couple of million soldiers on the border , like it is now ? 
  nice to see the rank of countries you like to compare yourself with . 
  also , when was the last time cuba was a threat to anyone ? 
  or she 's a fake design-by-committee singer who is trying to score some points by wearing such a shirt . 
  6:01 in the morning , still not sleeping . 
  you mentioned cuba , not me . 
  zapp and zoidberg are the two best characters in the show . 
  that is all . 
  hack the planet, 
  anyone remember spitting image for amiga ? 
  mostly jews !, 
  edit : referencing the old conspiracy that jews run wikipedia . 
  buy coca cola !, 
  ( can i have my billion dollars now ? ), 
  i 'm 20 and had a stash as a kid , hidden with frightening precision and imagination . 
  actually this happens all of the time , but it 's mostly rewarded with negative karma , not positive . 
  is ... is that a usenet group ? 
  it 's been a while . 
  ok , so they catch someone trying to blow up the white house , golden gate or the world 's biggest donut . 
  they strip him of his citizenship and ... 
  dump him where ? 
  in the ocean ? 
  this law does n't make any sense .
