  in any case i believe you need a good software optimization , not just raw hardware . 
  if you do n't know how to use it , a massive server wo n't do it for you . 
  zato glasam za sdp . 
  that 's a result of a bad ui , not linux  windows . 
  huh ? 
  mods are the de facto * owners * of their subreddits . 
  they 're the ones in control and if i open up / r/rospaya i 'll ban whomever i want since it 's my subreddit . 
  that the way both big and small subreddits work . 
  reddit is forum of independent communities . 
  ti si naravno shvatio odmah da je to ironija jelda ? 
  retardiran . 
  smiri se . 
  i 'm not sure you know what human rights are . 
  supplying ships . 
  nije to sport . 
  chipoteka . 
  interesting . 
  where i live most stores charge for the bags without being made to and still most people buy the bags . 
  this is production , not consumption . 
  croatia owns half of a nuclear plant in slovenia and gets energy from there . 
  prevara i sramota . 
  germany has a multi-decade presence at ft bliss and holloman afb in texas . 
  most of the stuff that goes on in zagreb is in the city center , other party/bar spots are scattered around . 
  fpzg is in a good neighbourhood with plenty of places to rent and well connected to everything . 
  you can find apartments here : http://www.njuskalo.hr/iznajmljivanje-stanova/zagreb, 
   and that some of the musical instruments even had to be illegally imported into the country, 
  rock music and punk somewhat less were accepted by the population and authorities , making yugoslavia 's rock scene one of the most productive in europe , considering the structure and size of the population . 
  illegal imports ( smuggling ) were a national sport because of various restrictions and high tariffs , but you could generally get whatever instrument you needed , western or not . 
  we look at the scene with rose tinted glasses nowadays , but some if it is true . 
  new wave bands were selling records at rates that are unthinkable today , mostly to kids that unlike their parents had access to pop culture , tv , newspapers , magazines and yes , music . 
  i ca n't say with authority since i 'm too young , but except some idealistic punk and somewhat political/social rock , it did n't produce a movement outside of some subcultures that did n't exist before . 
  goths come to mind . 
  today it 's only a source of nostalgia , a barrier for young bands who get compared with their parent 's music and ca n't break through because of it . 
  i completely understand and agree . 
  op asked about today 's perspective so i shared my concern . 
  as much as i love a lot of those bands , their legacy is a massive weight , both good and bad and the reason we 'll never get another ekv or azra , but that 's more of a complaint towards the music industry and music journalism . 
  because of our small market , demographics and disposable income we 're not likely to ever have an artist with the reach any of the new wave artists had , which in turn means that nostalgia will remain a massive factor when discussing music . 
  it 's easier to record , but crossing the threshold is still very hard and the amount of bands that could fill a 100 + venue may be bigger , but the 10k + is much smaller . 
  i believe that every single old band reunion , `` novi novi val '' nostalgia show and compilation cd is a step towards the past , rather than the present or future . 
  i 've got some sales/show figures and you would be shocked how fucked `` new '' artists are if they do n't have heavy corporate backing . 
  moj bed . 
  shock !, 
  a gle burden of proof je na tebi . 
  feel free to expand on this , i 'd love to hear it . 
  nirvana had one of its last concerts in slovenia which left yugoslavia about then . 
  evo osnova : http://searchenginewatch.com/sew/how-to/2259693/seo-basics-8-essentials-when-optimizing-your-site, 
  kr\u0161enje ili zaobila\u017eenje tih smjernica ti osigurava lo\u0161iji rezultat ili \u010dak ban s tra\u017eilica , bbc i bmw su u jednom trenu najebali zbog toga http://marketingland.com/10-big-brands-that-were-penalized-by-google-69646, 
  link star 9 godina : http://www.jutarnji.hr/jakovcic--istarska-autonomija-do-2010-/144070/, 
  he said nasty things on the subject of how superbad treats women ... 
  but i like superbad . 
   rs was founded on january 9 , 1992 . 
  the `` genocide '' happened in 1995, 
  croats wanted to separate from bosnia and herzegovina and join croatia, 
  you 're using exact dates about one thing and being completely relative about the other , ignoring the timeline . 
  croats and bosniaks fought against serbs , then each other and from 1994 together again , for the same cause . 
  while i would n't call srebrenica a genocide but a massive atrocity , the fact remains that 3/4 of all civilian victims were bosnian civilians , most of them killed to carve a border for republika srpska , an entity which has zero basis except `` serbs live here so this is our country . '', 
  what i agree with you is the assessment of the situation in the country , which will sooner be destroyed by corruption and horrible economic mismanagement than nationalism . 
  nobody has a stomach for a war and too many outside actors would intervene to stop it happen . 
  infrastructure costs a shitload and since the iphone came out apple and some other companies can dictate a lot of factors . 
  then there 's advertising , support , the works . 
  verizon for example has around 15 thousand cell sites ( towers , bts in gsm-speak ) which cost anywhere from 100k to 300k dollars , depending on the conditions , location etc. 
  when you factor in maintenance , rent/ownership plus all the massive investments in other fields they have around 50 bucks of revenue per subscriber every year . 
  arpu ( average revenue per user ) is around 3/4 that in europe . 
  trivia : they sell french cars in north america , in st. pierre and miquelon off the coast of newfoundland , which is still a part of france . 
  note that israel , jordan and egypt get massive amounts of military aid so they do n't fight each other and recognize israel . 
  literally giving them money to buys us weapons they should n't use on their neighbors . 
  read my lips , no new taxes . 
  does it ? 
  mountains do n't tend to move , but climate change is making some geographical changes . 
  feels really shitty to read this thread as an outsourced sysadmin . 
  the plot thickens !, 
  dvoje-troje . 
  just a note for all the people not even clicking on the damn thing , the wife is n't british , she 's croatian . 
  damn , they 're not sending it to my country : /, 
  whoa , i was walking home just now and thinking about setting this up . 
  did you test it on the previous gen ? 
  my favorite director definitely , but i did n't like benjamin button and zodiac was very tiring on the second watch . 
  the social network is steadily climbing to be in my all time top 5 . 
  i really do believe it 's practically flawless . 
  this just may be the most expensive photo ever . 
  while it is a tourist attraction , i find it one of the most livable places in europe . 
  ima sve od ateista do udbe . 
   http://lemondediplomatique.hr/, 
  and you had to spend a lot of time manually combing through his profile to learn a few tidbits , when reddit has millions of users who post all kinds of crap . 
  it 's next to useless . 
  threads like these make me think that nobody hates reddit as much as redditors do . 
  i have n't seen coverage in the croatian media about this . 
  noob question , what 's the bandwidth of the gpio ? 
  can it withstand a wifi adapter ? 
   ( again . 
  you forget the turkish dire economic situation . ), 
  is `` dire '' the word you want to use ? 
  turkey still has 2.5 % gdp growth which , considering erdogan , eu crisis , russia and syria , is still enough . 
  to je struka a ne faks . 
  how does kodi perform ? 
  i 've been thinking about buying a pi 2 for a better experience . 
  anyone have any info if the baltic countries are planning on building a fighter component ? 
  might be a waste of money though . 
  i 'd bet that depends at what age the speaker learned english , grownups suck at learning new languages . 
  feel free to go through my comments and guess if i 'd pass as an english speaker .
