  no , herpes . 
   britney spears used to torture people everywhere, 
  ftfy, 
  like a emo version of young jack black from the pick of destiny . 
  nokia invested more money in developing those technologies than apple is worth . 
  it became popular and got accepted as a standard , so pay up or make your own standards . 
  because it is so easy to know who is law abiding . 
  putting a couple of armed policemen in gang infested territory is considered a police state ? 
  in some `` free '' countries it is considered a normal thing . 
  yes . 
  it 's already on my list . 
  no way . 
  my dad made if for me when i was a kid and it resembles the excalibur . 
  probably tacky and unnecessary , but i have enough walls and it reminds me of better times . 
  that 's really nice of you . 
  crazy-woman-stan . 
  referencing is considered humor mostly in the us and some other western countries . 
  fucking furries . 
  dude . 
  iama waiting to happen . 
  content of comments are more important than grammar , and reddit has a fine way of deciding that for itself . 
  see the little arrows to the left ? 
  also , i hate grammar nazis . 
  english is not my native language and whenever someone finds a mistake in my posts they have a great need to arrogantly say that i 'm an uneducated idiot and wrote something wrong . 
  politely say that i made an error and correct me , do n't act like you 're better than the rest of us because you have a need to fix people 's grammar on a relaxed and informal medium like this . 
  it was n't a pick or do n't pick situation , every country has a long and complicated reason why it decided not to align itself . 
  on that note , you forgot to mention the non aligned movement which hold more than half of the worlds population . 
  someone please correct me if i 'm wrong , but is n't eastern germany still a nuclear weapon free zone , as it was established in the treaty on the final settlement with respect to germany ? 
  not only india , most of the nam bought soviet weapons ... that 's not aligning with sides , that 's common sense . 
  mostly , but not all of them . 
  cameras are on public property , where people can see you anyway . 
  look at homicide rates in the uk and tell me that banning guns is a bad decision . 
  i sense downvotes in your near future . 
  i prefer wmp over zune only for one reason : after a certain amount of songs is in the library , zune starts to get slow as a $ 3 hooker . 
  bsod , in 99 % of the cases , happen because there is some hardware compability problem , probably with drivers , not because windows decided to crash itself . 
  myspace is the new geocities . 
  ah , the british are lucky in this regard . 
  fascism in other countries is far more dangerous and integrated in the general population than bnp . 
  i 've got a lot of friends , a girlfriend , a good social life and a job that i like . 
  i go to college that has around 70 % of women , i 'm 20 years old and have a very good relationship with my parents . 
  except technology i 'm interested in music , movies , politics and history . 
  i 've seen maybe two anime 's in my life . 
  i also spend hours daily on 4chan . 
  how 's that for a stereotype ? 
   live : tupac, 
   what about ze germans ? 
  ftfy, 
  what are some typical french insults and what do they mean ? 
  this is great , thanks . 
  we should make a guide for every country . 
   `` connasse de pute borgne nazie '' = `` cunt of a one-eyed nazi whore '', 
  i lold . 
  sounds fair . 
  i was peeing at a bar , and a guy came in and peed at the urinal next to mine . 
  you do not pee in the urinal next to someone !, 
  i agree on the variations , my native language prides itself with some of the filthiest and offensive insults western civilization has to offer , so i 'm no stranger to imagining all of finer parts of swearing . 
  wow , i did n't know he was autistic . 
  he could double the specs and still get a fffffuuuuuu, 
  gtfo . 
  if people are upvoting it , it means they like it . 
  reddit style is n't a one way street where you get only stuff you like . 
   no , because your mom really likes them . 
  i 'm sure she 'll love the new online xml editor . 
  almost ruined my life and still haunts me today . 
  my best song ever ? 
  [ smells like teen spirit ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dxo3omgkppw&amp;feature=fvst ) , [ where is my mind ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ee59ex5px4 ) , [ no pussy blues ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wudp7c3zd8i ) , [ do you like me ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=65weglkdbgi ) , [ eric 's trip ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gsy_zcucydk ) and [ kickapoo ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hvvjie4adui ) ... 
  i could go on ... 
  the best song ever made is bohemian rhapsody , but these are my personal best songs , the ones i can listen to any time . 
  help me pick a car . 
  i want a blue one . 
  you need to give us some info , what do you need from a phone , what level of it controling your life do you want ... give us details about what you 're looking for and we 'll help . 
  this is great , cool and a step forward . 
  but there is nothing mindblowing about it , only a person with limited knowledge about gps devices could say such a thing . 
  i 'm out of the loop because i exclusivly use nokia maps for some time now , but i know about more than one system that can do that stuff . 
  the obvious exceptions being street view and maybe voice search . 
  i was an ngo election observer about two years ago and had the chance to view the whole paper process from start to finish . 
  it is archaic , complicated , inefficient and it baffled me to see that we 're doing it the same way as we did a hundred years ago . 
  with that said , i support it . 
  technology can be severly misused in these situations and if applied correcty , there can be a high level of control over the votes , from the second they 're thrown in the box to the moment when they are added to the rest . 
  stalker was a steaming pile of bugs , i played for 5 minutes , while cod4 is a game polished to the maximum . 
  surface to surface rocket attack in the afternoon iirc . 
  upvoted for being a sick motherfucker . 
  death by tray !, 
  i fucking hate the whole eastern europe stereotype , it 's like we live in a barren wasteland populated with thick accented mustached wife beaters and mail order brides . 
  one of the best trips i ever did was zagreb - budapest - bratislava - prague - vienna . 
  wish i could have gone more east , but this was fantastic . 
  from people and beer to culture and nature . 
  premier alexander romanov : is it done , yuri ? 
  yuri : no , comrade premier . 
  it has only begun . 
  and, 
  kane : we have waited centuries for this moment . 
  the rivers will flow with the blood of those who oppose us . 
  not only reddit , you 're awesome too . 
  god damnit , there are $ 5 hookers ?!, 
  she said a 100 was the cheapest !, 
  well screw that , because the us centric tech press does n't care about that and would rather be uninformed and call android maps revolutionary and mind blowing . 
   i can tell you that the tomtom is at least ten times more accurate with my location than any of the cell phones . 
  it 's really great that google is doing this , at least for consumers , but i really do n't expect this to be a replacement for a gps , due to my experience with the accuracy of gps in phones . 
  that 's not fair of you .
