  hivemind . 
  i wrote the same thing on reddit 's facebook wall 10 minutes before you . 
  shit . 
  two years + max points + i300 = 1298 kn for x10 . 
  and i only got the points because i threatned to go to vip . 
  everything and everybody has a facebook . 
  you ca n't hide . 
  more than two months average salary just to have a permit to drive a car ? 
  after that its insurance for the car , a car and other crap . 
  that 's the reason why i 'm 21 and do n't have the intention to drive anytime soon . 
  i just checked the california dmv . 
  if i got it right , you 'd have to be extremely incompetent to have to pay more than a hundred dollars for the whole deal . 
  also i calculated how much would this thing cost if with us salaries , and i used the national average : over 5500 dollars . 
  you are seriously saying that it is worth that much ? 
  the price has risen over 100 % in the last 6 years , only because of heavy lobbying by the private driving schools . 
  do n't troll . 
  it 's much more than two months , but i was using the national average . 
   i 'm not from the us, 
   where i live, 
  get the hint ? 
  i 'm not bitching over regulation , i 'm bitching over a fucking exorbitantly high cost for learning to drive a car in my country , the equivalent of which would cost over 5 thousand dollars in the us , and you are thinking that 's ok ? 
  you replied to my claim , not the other way around . 
  of course you know that most of europe does n't have nobelty ? 
  dc examiner sounds sinister . 
  by what metrics ? 
  i was on cronet , then vip , then tele2 when they came and transfered my number to t-mobile when they got web n walk . 
  now they 're fucking me over . 
  does n't suck , but it 's not that good . 
  i had the x10 mini pro for a week and it was a great phone because of the keyboard , but i could n't get passed the small screen and the se gui . 
  i heard that samsung galaxy s might be coming to t-mobile so i 'll wait until the end of summer and then see what my options are . 
  your first example is false . 
  nowhere near that many romani 's got killed in kosovo , not to mention your dubious source . 
  i 'm a journalist . 
  some , not really . 
  proxy wars were america 's thing . 
  i 'm aware of soviet proxy wars , but the us was far more active in that field . 
   genocide denial , really ? 
  do n't give me the zionist treatment , i did n't say it did n't happen , just that your source is n't exactly believable and that there were n't that many roma victims in kosovo . 
  read my post again and stop the trolling , i did n't even imply anything you said in your first two sentences . 
  ** this ** is the reason why subreddits with over 5000 readers are going to shit . 
  people do n't have the courtesy to argue civilized . 
  did n't watch the trailer since i saw some of you saying it has too much spoilers . 
  but fuck that , since i read the rest of the comments and now know exactly what 's gon na happen even though i did n't watch the fucking thing . 
  they 're my favourite band , and i 'm afraid i 'll never see them play live . 
  stuff you own end up owning you . 
  or a light spot , and americans have a dark spot . 
  i wonder ... 
  can somebody from germany answer me why the highest court in the country is n't in the capital ? 
  does n't seem practical , especially because it is a federation . 
  i read a great article in the ny times about the state department 's digital diplomacy team ( http://www.nytimes.com/2010/07/18/magazine/18web2-0-t.html?pagewanted=all ) . 
  there are a couple of examples how they were able to directly help people with the use of technology . 
  do you have some examples for you and your team ? 
   it 's a federal republic , to be precise . 
  yes , i 'm sorry , i was refering to that . 
  no , i was just saying that there were n't that many roma 's killed in kosovo as you stated . 
  they were in the middle of the conflict in 1999 . 
  some were aligned with serbs , some with the kla , and a lot of them got exiled and harrased , some got killed , but nowhere near the figure you brought out . 
  i 'm not sure i 'd call it genocide , but ethnic cleansing for sure . 
  i think it will be the other way around , those rights will be transfered to the rest of europe . 
  right now the european court for human rights is one of the most liberal ones on the continent . 
  some rules and laws ca n't be universal , and must be tailored to the need of a country . 
  the nazism ones are the right thing for germany . 
  the us principle of free speech does n't work everywhere . 
  next up : porch monkey . 
   in france i would n't be able to put a minaret on, 
  false . 
  i would n't generalize like that . 
  they did have a couple of absurd ones , but i ca n't help but notice that the commission is infinitely more consumer friendly than the us government ( if we can compare them in some way ... ) . 
  yes please !, 
  i really enjoyed the article as it combines the two things i 'm very interested in , diplomacy and technology . 
  this is like watching jack donaghy in a meeting . 
  only it 's not funny . 
  social media assholes really talk in buzzwords and then self congradulatory masturbate at their glorious circlejerks of retweets and blog posts . 
  these are the fuckers that got seo a bad name . 
  signed : someone who is wanting to learn something about running a corporate twitter and facebook . 
  did we just godwin 'd a thread about cooking rice ? 
  see : rest of this subreddit . 
  posting stuff like this is just free karma . 
  do n't bring politics into this . 
  did a similar thing with a technology website . 
  i just wanted stuff to review . 
  fast forward 4-5 years , i 'm working for the biggest it magazine in the country . 
  someone make a jeff mangum one for / mu / . 
  `` 12 sixty mg of citalopram a '' sounds a little like atari teenage riot in the loud parts . 
  i like it . 
  - too much sf, 
  - too much us/british authors, 
  but i guess it 's not strange because of the demographics . 
  last minute can expect a call from t-mobile or deutsche telecom . 
  i did a couple of years back . 
  had an unpleasant couple of hours at the police station . 
  i was expecting something from kevin smith , either clerks 2 ( donkey show ) or zack and miri make a porno ( coffee shop ) . 
  i 'm thinking a light federation would do the trick . 
  finances , military and foreign policy in bruxelles and the rest is up to the regions . 
  edit : it looks they 're already working on it : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/state_reform_in_belgium, 
  in my 99,9 % white country ? 
  not really . 
  but that goes to show that people will find some way to discriminate one another , if not for simple things like skin color . 
  the flower video reminds me of serious sam . 
  no mention of kimiko-tan .
