  why ? 
  from wikipedia :, 
   with 424 members , the general court is the largest state legislature in the united states and the fourth-largest english-speaking legislative body in the world , behind the parliament of the united kingdom , the parliament of india , and the united states congress [ 1 ] . 
  the general court has one of the greatest disparities in size between chambers of a bicameral legislature . 
  i have no idea about the current moh , but i remember my local gaming magazine having a big title : `` activision attacking ea '' , talking about the upcoming call of duty attacking the crowned king of the scripted war fps genre , medal of honor . 
  who would have thought it would end up like this . 
  help a foreigner out ... 
  i 've been hearing about four loko for weeks now and have no idea what the deal is . 
  youtube viewers in general have a very low definition of funny . 
  what pisses me off the most ( outside of chaning my language every time i login , when i specifically said english a thousand times ) is wasting my space with crap even when i 'm on the video i want . 
  [ it 's shit like this youtube ] ( http://i.imgur.com/1km51.jpg ) . 
  why are there 5 related videos that are n't related to what i 'm watching ? 
  i dump some vodka in a red bull and get the same stuff ? 
   just looks like mugging to me . 
  that 's racist !, 
  i 've bookmarked it and assigned a shortcut , just ctrl +4 and bam !, 
  next hour lost . 
  considering [ this ] ( http://www.mobitel.si/storitve/info/pokritost.aspx ) map , it seems that there would be umts and maybe hsdpa coverage there . 
  7.2 mbit does n't sound bad . 
  yup , the same in opera . 
  a lot of eu politicians have been criticising israel for a long time . 
  because clearly the moderators are [ racist ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=angkl_ef8fq ) . 
  machete does n't sound so impossible anymore . 
  i am * so * surprised this is on tumblr . 
  the only reason to say yes on this is to see lieberman out of politics . 
  there used to be a great picture on wikipedia , four jets flying over the castle in the fog . 
  it 's not on wikipedia anymore but luckily i saved it and use it as a wallpaper now and then . 
  or they could give jobs to people who are qualified for them , reagardless of their disabilities ( or lack of ) . 
  i work in a computer magazine , and we had a smartphone camera test . 
  took identical photos with about 7-8 modern smartphones and had three professionals rate them in a blind test . 
  ca n't share all the files and tests , but i can give you the results . 
  sony ericsson x10  iphone 4g  samsung galaxy s in photo quality . 
  htc desire  samsung galaxy s  nokia n8 in features and options . 
  we have very high standards for rating these things so i do n't doubt the results . 
  in the end it 's not a phone i would recommend , only because of the obnoxious software . 
  also , sony and sony ericsson have a love-hate relationship that 's more often on the hate side . 
  great then !, 
  magazine vidi from croatia . 
  it 's in croatian , it is only sold in the region and the camera test only comes out in a couple of days , so i guess it does n't matter what the name is . 
  despite being small time in the grand scheme of things , we get any hardware we want , a lot of it before sales start . 
  i take it the book is better than the movie ? 
  crap , i 'm reading red storm rising right now and this is freaking me out . 
  i thought this was some old news about reloaded and revolutions . 
  kinda disappointed now . 
  i was n't thinking it would , but it 's just that a couple of hours ago i read the chapter about the attack and it was just somewhat disturbing to see this news . 
  is there a good pdf reader out there that does n't suck as much as adobe reader and can integrate into opera ? 
  you are generalizing so much that your point loses focus . 
  there are extreme muslims that want every muslim land under a single flag . 
  one reason for that is that they are extremists , and the other is that a lot of modern muslim countries are just artificially seperated from each other by former colonists and petty dictators . 
  check out arab nationalism for one example . 
  for a counter example check out saddam hussein . 
  he was a nationalist and mostly secular leader . 
  only after the gulf war did he portray himself as a muslim , just to cater to the conservative crowd . 
  about chechnya : the wwii rebellion was nationalist , and only before the second chechen war did islamism become a big subject , when shamil basayev wanted to spread the war to dagestan , triggering the second war . 
  the first picture brings up memories about the old workshop my family had . 
  for the last 150 years the male part of the family was involved in working with wood one way or another . 
  we still have tools that are a hundred years old and as functional as the day they were made . 
  when did you learn japanese ? 
  did anime get you into it ? 
  vista got way more criticism than it deserved . 
  it was a good os , especially after sp1 . 
  i just middle clicked on ms outlook and it duplicated itself . 
  whoa . 
  xbl is n't supported in my country so i do n't think they would even know what xbl is . 
  a couple of friends are playing normally not only bo but other games too , so it 's not a wide problem . 
  so just opening ports and assigning them to my xbox ( mac address ) is n't enough ? 
  what phone is that ? 
  that 's what i thought . 
  it 's your provider , not your phone . 
   tldr : i have no soul , i 'm just a collection of movie quotes . 
  same here . 
  * forever alone in front of the tv *, 
  huh , just watched mean girls yesterday . 
  again . 
  i regret nothing . 
  it 's easier to form an opinion than change it . 
   i 'm still newish at reddit, 
  at least you aced the nickname part , admiral . 
  i can send you some government ... ? 
  there 's a great album with original music inspired by the powerpuff girls . 
  it fucking has devo and frank black on it and it fucking rocks . 
  [ heroes and villains ] ( http://www.discogs.com/various-the-powerpuff-girls-heroes-villains-music-inspired-by-the-powerpuff-girls/release/182605 ), 
  and that 's what i love about sim city . 
  i listen to the smooth jazz music , build great communities , deal with small problems and just chill . 
  sc3000 of course , this new crap sucks . 
   edit : oh yeah , and i am anticipating a torrent of downboats by fanboys who 've had the clams steamed . 
  well i downvoted you because of whining about downvotes . 
  i love david fincher as much as a heterosexual man can love another one and want him to win . 
   general petraeus by playing age of empires, 
  both wars would be long over if he did . 
  exactly , as [ this ] ( http://www.tnr.com/article/politics/81658/tunisia-revolution-riot-economy-democracy ) article points out , there is a reason this happened in tunisia . 
  i 'm having a deja vu here , i can swear we had the same question about a month or two ago . 
  i first heard about them only after the show . 
  it was very hard to find their stuff online . 
  jane goody ? 
  also , a til moment i had yesterday . 
  columbus 's ships were santa maria , pinta and santa clara which was only nicknamed nina . 
  santa maria also had a nickname , the gallega . 
  this quote pops out a lot lately . 
  it 's so absurdly general that it does n't make any sense .
