  tipa 5-6 ljudi je oti\u0161lo i to su uglavnom developeri ili marketinga\u0161i . 
  i just wan na know how does this influence community 's comeback season ? 
  just a few , some large cities have ghettos but it 's miles different than the us ghetto . 
  i 'm not sure there 's a place in europe where you can get shot at random . 
  anyway , there 's not a bench in my million plus city i would be afraid to sleep at night . 
  kakav to zapad ? 
  your example is the exception that proves the rule - this cartoon is special and almost unique for the onion . 
  charlie hebdo did this on a weekly basis . 
  a regular hebdo cover is jesus fucking mohammed , with dicks , sperm and all . 
  the reason i like the onion is that they 're smooth about it , smart and not trolling . 
  a few mcdonalds ' in europe i 've been to have regular ol potatoes . 
  buzzfeed has excellent political coverage and a pretty good investigation unit . 
  those are the things paid by clickbait . 
  journalism 101 . 
  the charlie hebdo attack was a rare event which made it special and happened in the heart of the western world , which made it closer to the western population and media . 
  it 's not that boko haram is n't bad or the event is n't newsworthy , it 's just the way humans are . 
  mrzim to koliko i drugi normalni ljudi ali dobro jutro je gledano i mase vole ta sranja . 
  now i get rhe jokes about tracy jordan 's kids in 30 rock . 
  why is the guy wearing a uniform ? 
  but he 's on a game show , why the hell does he need his uniform ? 
  samsung 's smart tv 's ping icq.com , yahoo.com , samsung.com and google.com to check internet connectivity . 
  you are correct in your economic stats . 
   i 'd rather live in flint or detroit than here to be honest . 
  this line is complete bullshit . 
  croatia has economic issues but the crime rate ca n't be compared to average us cities , not to even mention crime ridden ones like flint or detroit . 
  we have practically free healthcare and education , a good transport network , good food and nature . 
  the situation in larger cities like zagreb or rijeka is pretty good , unemployment is on eu levels , wages are higher and there are enough jobs for qualified professionals . 
  most it companies ca n't find enough good employees , for example . 
  $ 6 a gallon is normal for european countries and also does n't mean much to me since i use public transport which is pretty good compared to the us . 
   tl ; dr : things are n't staying up . 
  most of europe is not some kind of heaven most americans imagine it to be . 
  it 's pretty crummy anywhere outside of the uk , germany , france , austria , holland , sweden etc. 
  be happy you were born in the us and do n't take it for granted . 
  i 'd give anything to live in the us . 
  you should cut down on hollywood movies and take a look at the real world . 
  i 've traveled through most of europe and even in countries that are worse off than croatia people who are qualified and in demand live great and enjoy all the things europe has to offer that the us does n't . 
  the whole post reeks of typical us-masturbation , so familiar in most of europe . 
  [ the article is crap ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/1wi865/14_african_countries_forced_by_france_to_pay/cf2d8s1 ) . 
   all french people should feel a deep shame that their prosperity is built from the theft of impoverished nations, 
  i 'd just like to note that there are very few western nations that do n't owe their prosperity to colonialism . 
  to je to . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fallacy_of_relative_privation ), 
  battle of vukovar . 
  but it was pretty one sided when it comes to tanks . 
  close enough . 
  free speech is limited in the us as well , fighting word and yelling fire in the theatre . 
  prevari . 
  [ always fun to watch ] ( http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=9d4_1396424485 ), 
  nogomet in croatia is a direct translation of football . 
  rip gejregion . 
  nope , it was used since football was introduced . 
  muslims were their allies , not victims . 
  usta\u0161e primarily killed serbs , roma , jews and other croats . 
  i 'm here because i saw it on top of the main page , under * trending subreddits * . 
  not sure what 's new here that is n't in / r/ukpolitics . 
  a bit disappointing . 
  i spent hours there around 2008 and even wrote a few posts about the best museum i 've ever seen . 
  last year it seemed emptier . 
  the original is a 1978 [ disco hit by boney m ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ytvwxyctoy ) and the metal version came later . 
  anyway , why would n't a metal song be upvoted ? 
  zakon . 
  i 'd like to see gdp per capita . 
  those are countries , this thread is more about cities . 
  bravo !, 
  their last blogpost is a year old . 
  1000 ljudi ? 
  piss off . 
  edit : i was a huge fan of michael 's work . 
  bought his books and printed out his articles , but he would puke over the sappy trite op 's written . 
  thanks , i 'll do better next time . 
  science !, 
  former commander of all sf in jordan . 
  also british army , sandhurst and the works . 
  again , there were no saints . 
  but croatia was the victim , croat cities got destroyed and croat civilians killed in far greater proportions than serbian . 
  facts established by the un . 
  nobody in belgrade had to spend their childhood in an air raid shelter because of croat bombs . 
  as / u/crogamer002 said , they were integrated or disbanded early on and did n't present much of a danger . 
  the propaganda value was good during the war since it scared the enemy , but after that would n't go away so easily , which is still felt today . 
  a giant mark and shameful , something that was and is heavily debated in croatia . 
  but the war in croatia was clearly started and fought criminally by one side . 
  kinetic bombs are n't used that often but i 've seen footage from the intervention in libya when the french airforce dropped concrete bombs on tanks . 
  / r/music is shit so it 's not unusual . 
  not really . 
  there 's been a resurgence recently with medvescak from zagreb who became an attraction and is now playing in some big league . 
  we always had clubs and kids in training but not nationally . 
  portapotty , usually a bit hidden . 
  although i do n't have an elaborate setup like you do , it took me something like half an hour from opening the box to having a fully functional media center . 
  connected the power , wifi usb , wireless keyboard and hdd dock . 
  installed openelec/xbmc and setup my phone as a remote control . 
  for me it 's interesting to see this reaction every time . 
  for some reason people think that the nazis took muslims as enemies as well . 
  not all slavs were destined for extermination and the nazis were more flexible on them than on jews or roma . 
  this was n't near the end , but a matter of policy , with muslims it 's a very interesting story . 
  while morally and ethically wrong , this is in no way comparable to the treatment of allied pow 's in japan . 
  this article made me think twice about what i eat and i 'll try to be more adventurous , but i 'm not sure forcing some types of food is going to be fruitful . 
  i 'm not a kid anymore and i really do n't like mushrooms because i do n't like the taste - will eating them twice a week change it ? 
  i 'm not sure . 
  there 's very little crime there , as in most croatian cities . 
  / pol / in a nutshell .
