  we should do this !, 
  muse , u2 , lily allen , metallica are on the black list . 
  robbie williams , 50 cents , shakira , moby , radiohead , joss stone , nine inch nails on the white list . 
  the above is what i found in 5 minutes on my phone . 
  let 's make this happen . 
  i do n't know , but if i lived in canada i 'd run . 
  it worked both ways . 
  the us wanted military presence and europe wanted extra forces on the ground . 
  and no , europe would n't be a soviet satellite since there 's no way of knowing what the hell would happen . 
  i mean , i could say the same thing for eastern europe now , and substitute us with soviet . 
  is it hard to accept that some countries do n't have the need to spread their imperialistic empires ? 
  i got it in may and live in croatia , so no ice . 
  * brb fapping *, 
   altogether , over 1,000 tons of debris from soviet ballistic missiles will fall over the u.s. ; much will burn up in the atmosphere , but some larger objects will hit the ground with energy equivalent to their own weight in tnt . 
  is this possible ? 
  can a kinetic force produce such power ? 
  i 'm sorry for using it , but the only thing that came to mind was ... epic . 
  a truly epic story and porn for history and weapons nerds like me . 
  thanks for the link . 
  i 'm probably the only one , but ... 
  i like the song . 
  it 's great in an 80s innocent kind of way . 
  i have n't watched a single leno or o'brien show in my life ( since i do n't live in the states ) and got the joke before i saw the username . 
  i 'm not sure if i should be sad or happy about this . 
  i would n't call it sad . 
  plenty of people would n't buy the game in any case , like myself . 
  tried the demo , then downloaded the game and got frustrated after a couple of levels , even though i think it 's a great game and i recommend it to everyone . 
  the chances of me buying it are slim to none , even if it was dirt cheap . 
  i just do n't have the interest in having the game . 
  that said , i recognize that pirating is bad and that i did something wrong , and i do n't want to find some excuse for it . 
  if i like a game i will most likely buy it . 
  i thought this was common knowledge . 
  do n't turn yourself into the victim here , you knew perfectly well what you were going into when you signed up for the army , signed up for reddit and wrote the comment you did . 
  and that 's what i mean . 
  you got ta be prepaired for the good stuff and the bad . 
  3:1 female to male ratio on journalism where i go . 
  just sayin ' . 
  english is not my first language so if you would be kind enough to show me my mistake instead of being a smartass , i 'd appreciate it . 
  yes , people give me shit about it all the time , but mostly just to use the situation to act like smartasses and dicks . 
  most of the time it 's just someone being an ass , saying that i should learn how to spell , not saying what the hell i wrote wrong . 
  only when i mention that i know english from cartoon network and cnn people feel bad and mostly delete their complaints or say they 're sorry and leave me alone . 
  if someone makes one mistake in 5 or more sentences - it 's just an accident , if it does n't stick out - it 's just an accident . 
  if it 's a big mistake and there are more of them - politely say what the hell is wrong , do n't act like a self righteous jackass just because someone from the other side of the planet wrote something wrong on his phone in a comment made to a picture of a cat . 
  he left the army in 2000 . 
  and before that he was a true soldier and leader . 
  replying so i can watch them later . 
  i see that now . 
  my apologies to maelfyn . 
  the ... there 's a twilight convention ? 
  * shudder *, 
  after which tito told stalin to stuff it and maintained plans to defend itself from both east and the west from that point on . 
   stalin did n't want to push the point here, 
  stalin tried to get yugoslavia into politbiro and after tito refused we had half a million warsaw pact troops on our borders and were inches close to war . 
  because it was in london ? 
  it was both the fear from the west and other factors . 
  the rest of the ( communist and democratic ) world would be seriously pissed , and yugoslavia always maintained a strong military ( 4th strongest in europe ) to hold attacks from more than one side , just in case . 
  other than that , yugoslavia had a military doctrine that was just waiting for an attack . 
  but really , this would end up as an all out war , and in that time not a single army would conquer yugoslavia and live to plunder it . 
  plenty of countries did the same and it did n't mean much , at least to the polish , since it lost its importance and power after the war . 
  as i said , it was a combination of both . 
  stalin was crazy , but not crazy enough to wage war against an enemy that wrote the book on guerilla warfare , and a country that was ready for his machine , with good weapons from both sides . 
  i 'm almost certain that the soviets would come to the adriatic in a couple of days , but the price would be too big . 
  you 're counting a mobilised soviet army from the war , a motivated force where every able man was given a rifle and sent to berlin . 
  you do n't think that the same would be true for yugoslavia ? 
  not looking at the political side of the story , the soviet army would maybe conquer the land , but would n't last more than 5 years in it . 
  you have to click on one option on the video . 
  ( for people like me who did n't get it ), 
  i 'm not particulary proud , but i stand my ground here ( and respect your opinion ) . 
  the soviet army in 1950 is not the soviet army in 1945 , the same way the yugoslav army is not the one what was during the war . 
  yugoslavia knew the only way to remain sovereign was to build a giant army , and that 's what happened - not like hungary ( which had a small and ineficient army that did n't do much ) or czechoslovakia later on . 
  like i said before , it would probably end up like afghanistan . 
  of course , not to underestimate the soviets , their war machine is huge , but not much would be on their side at that moment . 
  i agree . 
  but most gnatzies do n't correct me , they just act like assholes . 
   learn to spell . 
   maybe you should take a course in english . 
  ** have you heard of it ?!, 
  and not :, 
   you wrote this wrong , it should be like this ... 
  trolling is a art . 
  yes there can . 
  everyone wants to kill hitler . 
  the movie is great . 
  the parody scenes are , in average , crap . 
  but the few ones that shine make it all worth while . 
  iama request : englishman in new york . 
  it depends actually . 
  many countries still work with international laws made while they were other countries . 
  treaties like that do n't get old fast . 
  also , there are countries like yugoslavia , which had a debt ( which the successing countries are paying back ) and also held a debt with other countries . 
  that 's why croatia got helicopter parts from russia some years ago , and that 's after both yugoslavia and ussr broke up . 
  i see what you did there and did some rofl-ing of my own . 
  the whole situation is burning my inner armchair dictator . 
  it 's insensitive of me to proclaim this , but my sim city/civ/aoe self would :, 
  - send 70 000 troops to restore order and supply basic food , shelter and medicine, 
  - deal with civil unrest and unite the nation under an installed regime nicely hidden behind a prophetic young leader/dictator, 
  - deal with close term problems and make a massive rebuilding plan, 
  - announce it via radio , posters , megaphones , pamphlets, 
  - make huge public construction projects ; housing , schools , communications , roads, 
  - invite foreign companies with 10 year contract offering monopoly in their respective fields for providing jobs and tax income,
