  well nobody can deny that male and female better complement each other than same sexes , but that 's only physical and for reproduction . 
  being `` married '' ( or having an equivalent government contract between two people ) is a mental state , not only physical . 
  for me , it does n't have a basis in genders , but the general rule that if nobody is getting hurt , people have the free will to do to each other what they want , even get married . 
  what if , let 's say , black people protect their children less than other races ? 
  would you find that a good enough reason not to allow them to reproduce ? 
  well being of the child depends on the people that are protecting it , not their sexual orientation . 
  this is the closest thing to two males masturbating each other on tv i have ever seen . 
  beck and o'reilly are pretty close to sucking off one another and laughing at each others jokes in the same time . 
  as others said ... why ? 
  in many countries religious organizations get money from the state based on a percentage of people who said they were worshipers on a census . 
  germany takes the money directly from worshipers that register . 
  good idea . 
  yes , there is a serious correlation between the two . 
  wow , i always thought it was `` i * have * become death ... '' . 
  sounds better to me . 
  ( edit : downvoted just because i had a misconception ? 
  great ), 
  that does n't mean it 's ok . 
  south park has awesome songs . 
  i have about 10-15 of them on my phone , and they 're not only funny , but good enough to be looked at like they 're * normal * songs . 
  family guy sucks at that . 
  every song number they have is boring and over the top . 
  prom night dumpster baby excluded . 
  is it such a problem to write the whole word by yourself ? 
  i was looking for a good phone wallpaper and found [ this one ] ( http://geekadelphia.com/2008/09/11/ill-never-join-the-dark-side-of-the-moon-star-wars-pink-floyd-wallpaper/ ), 
  ( hi-res dark side of the moon cover , with darth vader ), 
  huh . 
  luckily t9 was never popular where i live so i did n't have that problems . 
  what phone are you using ? 
  hits straight at home . 
  living well is the best revenge [ ] ( / ok ), 
  heretic . 
  he 'll get a shitload of pageviews , but as many people have already stated : redditors are not the kind of people that buy stuff and fall for advertisement . 
  pageviews do n't equal money , and the only way to get a dime out of us is having good content . 
  and for that you do n't need a voting botnet . 
  are n't most killers caught because of their need to brag over what they 've done ? 
  most violent/gore videos on the web are from people who filmed themselves doing crap . 
  the ukrainian guys stabbing a hobo ? 
  the girl throwing puppies in the river ? 
  people film themselves and show it off to others all of the time . 
  the artwork looks cool and interesting , but the font size is just too small to be easily readible . 
  edit : readable . 
  so , when are the more radical tea party members gon na use weapons against the tyrannical government ? 
  i like my comics the way i like my pancakes . 
  depends . 
  if you 're doing simple stuff then go for it , but some functions are really better in ms office , not to mention that ( imo ) it really looks and feels nicer . 
  these days i find myself using google docs more than some desktop office suite . 
  margaret thatcher naked on a cold day . 
  scratch the surface . 
  you have thousands of bands still rocking out , everything from classic rock to blues , punk , metal and a wide range of genres all mashed together . 
  good music is n't dead . 
  it 's just harder to find . 
  look at it this way : black sabbath and led zeppelin were doing something new and revolutionary in their day . 
  music like that is very hard to find today ( since everything is already made , right ? ) . 
  not to mention that i could make an album and publish it myself in two days just with the equipment i have in my room . 
  the signal to noise ratio is n't working in our favour so really good music is hard to find . 
  here 's a good [ article ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/8330633.stm ) about it on bbc . 
  as i wrote to somebody else - back then you heard black sabbath on the radio , knew it was awesome and then went to the store and bought the album . 
  today , radio is crap , tv is crap so you have to surf through 500 myspace pages , last.fm profiles and torrent files to see which of the 5000 bands are actually worth a shit . 
  in a time when everyone can record and put their work online ( and it seems like everyone does ) , it 's not a problem to * get * something , it 's to * find * something . 
  i 'm gon na be honest here - he has a smug face . 
  i 've heard bad things about his ethics , but i just do n't like his face . 
  those are some nice shoes . 
  i 'm usually the pretentious european , but this article is a bit too much . 
  i sense an awesome thread incoming . 
  we 've struck the main problem with corporation 's view of the situation today : you ca n't compare digital and physical ip . 
  piracy is n't stealing , but it is n't just sharing . 
  there needs to be a different set of standards and rules to regulate digital property , the way that owners get their fee , consumers get their product easily and technology and progress do n't get choked for business interests . 
  but we already knew that ... 
  godspeed traveler . 
  too complicated , since r/music is full of simple youtube links to popular songs that people upvote . 
  because , you know , nobody heard of blind melon , the raconteurs or megadeth . 
  me too . 
  we watched it together . 
  * sad upvote *, 
  it 's a rare breed of romantic movies - ones that even guys like . 
  i loved it . 
  i use last.fm , wikipedia and various review sites to find artist and then ( in order of preference ) youtube , grooveshark and myspace to listen to their music . 
  local bullshit . 
  or burek . 
  or ass to mouth . 
  it 's good natured only if used in certain situations , not every fucking thread about valve or their games , which is on a daily basis . 
  / tv / just came . 
  held . 
  iran held them . 
  i do n't have to equate this to guantanamo for you to get the point here . 
  the ps3 controller sucks . 
  the first version was cheap as hell . 
  i raised it to my lamp and could see through some parts . 
  black guy from the jetsons . 
  communist in name only . 
  it 's interesting that yugoslavia repressed more ideas from the soviets than from the west . 
  most of the political prisoners were in prison because of stalinism , not capitalism . 
  towards the end there were more private enterprises and yugoslavia was opening up its economy , while the borders were open decades before that . 
  after the split and when yugo-soviet relations came to a normal level , most punishments were just jail time , mostly for criticising the regime , or nationalism . 
  before that forced labour was popular . 
  those things are thermonuclear . 
  always blow on the pie . 
  i for one am sorry for you americans and it 's interesting for me to see how my view of the us fell from `` candy , unicorns and coke '' to `` no vacation time , shitty healthcare , crime and car-centric '' . 
  most people split vacation time in the summer and then go to the coast and winter , to go skiing or something .
