  the nearest fbi office is a couple of thousand * kilometers * from where i live , so if they want to waste more time , energy and money than usually , let them . 
  edit : comparing cc to fsf in such a way is insulting to anyone who actually likes free software , but hates extremists like the fsf . 
  i feel as if i need to be using drugs to fully appreciate this work . 
  i believe that a person should n't have the right to own or carry firearms , except in special , regulated cases . 
  smart , funny , good taste in music . 
  i 've been thinking about this for a while and think that we 're looking for somebody similar to ourselves but better . 
  in the end the list of preferred traits does n't matter that much , it all depends on how much two people * click * together . 
  more than 2000 users and zero posts in the last 10 months ? 
  is there something i 'm missing or are the mods playing with us ? 
  i was browsing through fugazi similar artists on last.fm , and saw atdi . 
  downloaded a single album and fell in love . 
  you worked for it by volunteering to serve in an institution that sends people to kill other people . 
  some got their trust funds . 
  most people earned it by flipping burgers or some other job that does n't force you to lose or take a life . 
  are those people worth less ? 
  you see ... 
  i 'm alive today because people used hunting rifles and smuggled weapons to protect their houses , neighbourhoods and cities from invaders so when i 'm grateful to those men for my life that means something . 
  tell me , what was the last war where the us directly defended itself ? 
  wwii ? 
  so when you say support the troops , you are patting the back of someone sent thousands of miles from home to kill third world peasants in their own back yard . 
  that has nothing to do with your safety . 
  insults will really get you far , shows how much class you have and how much respect you give to strangers who ( politely ) said something opposite to your opinion . 
  you volunteered to be put in a situation where you would ( if need be ) take a life or lose your life . 
  tell me that the same as buying milk . 
  tell me that 's the same as normal functioning . 
  we live in a twisted world , but i 'd rather be fucked in the ass by my boss than shot in my head by a guy who 's country i just invaded . 
  i worked my way through with a keyboard , you did it with a rifle . 
  why am i a worse person ? 
  why am i the asshole here ? 
  why am i an ungrateful fuck ? 
  just because you can sign your post with `` a veteran '' does n't give you the right to act like an asshole . 
  read your post , then read mine and tell me who 's whining . 
  also observe that i do n't see you as a lesser person , some people really are forced to join the military in order to survive , but again , i 'd rather survive flipping burgers than killing people . 
  edit : grammar, 
  war tard ? 
  is that a cheap knockoff of the war nerd ? 
  the same problem on w7 for me . 
  started a day ago . 
  there should be a fake ama subreddit , where people would run their imagination . 
  [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/f347y.jpg ) is my desktop background and [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/quq2g.png ) is my phone background so i guess it 's pretty obvious . 
  battersea power station in london . 
  when i was there about a month ago i spend an afternoon just to get a picture of it . 
  90 % of that list is pure crap . 
  corporate made-by-committee pop crap with hints of hip hop , electronic , country or rock , made and marketed to specific demographics purely to suck the money out of them . 
   why would you click on a `` which top-40 acts are bona fide talents ? '', 
  topic if you hated top 40 music ? 
  because i can give an opinion on something i do n't like ? 
  also , i did say `` 90 % '' because i like some popular music . 
   as much as i would like to slander the faceless `` corporation '' , it turns out that corporate music is n't so different than the rest of music . 
  i disagree . 
  i 'm having a hard time to find an `` indie '' equivalent to most of the stuff on that list . 
  katy perry may have enough personality to leave it in little brown dumps all over the place , but her music is bland and generic as the rest of the list . 
  here you go . 
  but the physics are kinda better . 
  sons of liberty ? 
  give me a break . 
  wow . 
  reading first hand accounts like this makes me empathise too much . 
  i got shivers . 
  glad you and your family got out alive . 
  breaking news : microsoft is a corporation primarily responsible to their shareholders , and then to humanity . 
   how about reducing it to fucking zero by 2010 , you assholes ? 
  you start something , you 'll have to finish it . 
  retreating right now will bring a huge amount of damage not only to those countries , but the us as well . 
  reddit is very shortsighted in its hatred of the wars . 
  i hate them too , but overnight troop withdrawals will bring damage that could n't be calculated with the money that was saved by taking them out of there before the problem is solved . 
  starting the occupation was a mistake , but once you do it , simply pulling out and leaving them in chaos is n't the solution . 
  ok . obama orders all the troops home by christmas . 
  what happens ? 
  both governments fall in a couple of months if not weeks , the vacuum left is used by tribal and ethnic groups that are left without the us which kept at least some of them in check . 
  after that , civil war , humanitarian disaster and they become a great breeding ground for terrorist groups and you 'll have a new 9/11 in what , two or three years ? 
  but if the command and politicians get their heads out of their asses and actually make a strategy that would bring results instead of bleeding blood and money , they could restore normal life to people and empower the local governments to rule on their own , without western muscles . 
  i did n't support the war in iraq , protested it in my country and got hit by a cop when protesting it in italy . 
  but i supported afghanistan . 
  the taliban were giving refuge to bin laden and in the long term they were bad news . 
  what i do n't support is the way that it was done . 
  the best trained and equiped armies in the world are fighting nerf herders with 50 year old rifles and losing ? 
  fucking 10 years ? 
  i would n't be surprised if it were in somebodies interest to prolong the war ( the complex you 're talking about ) , which is the exact reason this should be ended efficiently and swiftly . 
  do it right and do it fast , then bring them all home . 
  vietnam ca n't be compared . 
  vietnam was n't a threat to the us , while the taliban government supported osama bin laden and enabled the 9/11 attacks ( among others ) . 
  they were a threat , but obviously not dealt with efficiently in the last 10 years . 
  iraq on the other hand faces huge internal problems . 
  if all international forces leave tomorrow , the country would descend into a civil war with worse consequences than the first one . 
  what about north korea ? 
  you mean the korean war ? 
  the one that nobody won ? 
  yes , let 's compare a very complicated and delicate situation to driving . 
  even if your stopping makes it worse ? 
  get this : once you start something , you have an obligation , a responsibility to do the best you can and to undo what damage you did . 
  the us can do it , but lack the will and brains , because the way these occupations were conducted is shameful . 
  the us could n't be more happy than to have troops there . 
  they serve as a buffer for south korea , but in the same time as a us presence against china and north korea . 
  it 's a strategic position , not atoning for mistakes . 
  nobody is dying there , it 's not on the tv often and it 's a status quo for the last 50 years . 
  i ca n't see how this is the same thing . 
  south korea can hold the border by itself , i 'm sure , but the us gives it an international show of force . 
  i 'm very against a long term us presence in iraq or afghanistan . 
  the primary mission should be to train local forces and governments and restore normal life , make the situation better , then leave .
