  this is one of those opinions that will gain you 1400 + points in one moment and -10 in the other . 
  i 've been both upvoted and downvoted for saying i do n't mind unintrusive ads . 
  so i guess the government is bringing in slayer ? 
   opinions must never be censored , under any circumstance !, 
  such blanket generalisations are as bad as censorship itself . 
  you know , i live in a country that saw thousands dead because of hate speech and retoric that introduced heavy nationalism , guns and open hate towards other peoples and religions . 
  the tension that made started the war . 
  many european countries censor fascist and totalitarian speech , as well as open calls for violence . 
  on a side note , i just listened to an old eminem song i remember , where they censored not only fuck kill and bitch , but also vodka , suffocate , downers , shut up and screaming . 
  voluntary censorship just to appease the audience is worse than being censored for openly calling for violence . 
  i also appreciate the irony in me being downvoted for stating my opinion . 
  exactly . 
  in europe we learned what some opinions can cause , and act preventivly . 
  if op wants to live in a fairy world where words do n't hurt anyone , let him . 
  lead in toys ? 
  war in congo ? 
  what does that have to do with banning nazi rallies and nationalist calling for extermination of their enemies ? 
  yes it can . 
  i 've seen the events , i 've seen the rallies . 
  the words get them fired up and ready to do the crimes . 
  i 'm for both . 
  i 've seen first hand what words can do . 
  is censoring nazis really shackling you ? 
  i did n't shave since mw2 and it 's not that long . 
  i 'm sad only because i never saw them live . 
  missed my chance a couple of years ago and it sucks to know that i wo n't be able to see one of my favourite bands alive , even though i lived in their time . 
  not the best , but taken had a great car chase . 
  this is n't spam . 
  reddit is made for sharing links and promoting your own content , as well as other interesting stuff online . 
  every link is posted in the right subreddit and they are n't getting popular because it 's a shitty blog . 
  i do n't see a problem . 
  if i had my blog i would post the content on reddit as well . 
  it would be spam if the content is n't relevant ( it is ) and if it is really in flood levels of 50 posts a day . 
  the user has over 2k karma and is n't really hiding it . 
  if it has been reported a lot of times , maybe it 's not a spammer . 
  `` buy viagra xxx nike shoes '' in a thread about cheese = spam . 
  someone posting their posts = not spam . 
  it 's not that we feel entitled . 
  i know it 's wrong , but it 's just too easy . 
  three clicks to download any album i want in a couple of minutes . 
  go to the store and spend actual money for a cd and then rip it so i can play it on my phone . 
  ( maybe if itunes or amazon worked in my country i would think about it ), 
  are you jewish ? 
  i live in an 87 % catholic country , yet we elected two atheist presidents and an agnostic prime minister . 
  am i the only one who thinks charlie looks weird in this series . 
  like he 's seriously depressed . 
  he did get married , right ? 
  work work, 
  so are white people and men . 
  your point ? 
  i 've had numerous heated arguments about football just from headlines i accidentally read on web sites . 
  i even defended my local and national teams online , even the whole fucking game when attacked by americans . 
  and i do n't even like football . 
  happy for you canadians . 
  i followed stop the cap on facebook and saw that some serious action has been made to stop this . 
  this saying is pretty popular these days , but wwii was won by a coalition of nations , not one or two . 
  i like this quote : `` this war is being fought with british brains , american brawn , and russian blood '' , but that does n't attribute all of the nations that contributed . 
  so no , you ca n't choose one country . 
  any confirmation of this ? 
  i had no idea cairo has a subway . 
  other continent , the other kind of football . 
  it 's compulsary in most high schools in my country . 
  yugoslavia was the only country that liberated itself . 
  btw , `` warning train '' . 
  you 're from eastern europe ? 
  it was pretty complex and tough to follow at first . 
  since the logic is n't explained and we 're constantly juggling between layers and places it 's not the easiest thing to watch , but once i got out of the cinema , got my thoughts together it was simpler . 
  on a related subject , i almost pissed myself when i saw that nick hornby wrote the lyrics for that album . 
  love him . 
  there are girl gamers and gamer girls . 
  you should see the minimum of equipment the edge uses in the movie . 
  or is it `` gurl gamer '' ? 
  they announced the iplayer will soon be international , but probably paid . 
  which is cool with me . 
  nokia had all you can eat free music , but it stopped the service recently since nobody actually knew about it . 
  a real shame . 
  it 's named over a word that in another language means rich in lakes . 
  this is the first i 've heard about it . 
  then again i 've heard dozens of theories why is it named like it is . 
  interesting story op , but the thing that caught my eye is ... 
  i looked it up and it 's not exactly a tiny car . 
  is it just my european sentiment or is it tiny ? 
  i can think of at least five smaller mainstream cars . 
  uhm , white stripes ? 
  pretty please ? 
  i 've heard of the gideons giving bibles to hotels , but i have n't seen one in europe . 
  even in my 87 % catholic country . 
  edit : sorry , i thought you were talking about al jazeera . 
  my mistake . 
   the channel is run by donations, 
  no it is n't . 
  from wikipedia :, 
   following the initial us$ 137 million grant from the emir of qatar , al jazeera had aimed to become self-sufficient through advertising by 2001 , but when this failed to occur , the emir agreed to several consecutive loans [ 2 ] on a year-by-year basis ( us$ 30 million in 2004 , [ 6 ] according to arnaud de borchgrave ) . 
  other major sources of income include advertising , cable subscription fees , broadcasting deals with other companies , and sale of footage . 
  [ 7 ] in 2000 , advertising accounted for 40 % of the station 's revenue . 
   low commercial pbs-like atmosphere, 
  probably because of the action eye candy of other us networks . 
  foreign , arabic sounding names are terrorist by default . 
  we get smashed with madrasa , al qaida , hamas , fatah , al-aqsa , basra , khomeini everyday , and after a while the average viewer just does n't care and hears everything as terrorist . 
  i was waiting for a blowjob after the second paragraph .
