  i remember a couple of these porn connoisseur posts in the past . 
  good stuff . 
  i 'm close to 30k and i 'll soon hit my third year on reddit . 
  by being witty , hawking new in askreddit and constant circlejerking you can get a shitload of karma and very soon . 
  post early , post often . 
  although i still sin a couple of times and post memes , inane jokes and reddit favorites , i 'm more happy with normal discussions , expressing my opinions , helping others . 
  you get less karma , but you feel better . 
  nobody mentioned the wonderful blitzkrieg and sudden strike ? 
  well at least the sequels will be better . 
  it would , but so would almost any us policy , which still does n't make it world news . 
  you mean the chick from west wing ? 
  last i 've heard is that the country is n't run on polls , but electing people who represent you every two years . 
   access to contraception is good for any country . 
  access to contraception is good , yes , but what about a lot of western countries which have problems with a rapidly aging population and not enough workforce to support them ? 
  overpopulation is n't a problem everywhere . 
  playing zombies in black ops with a friend , listening to gorillaz on vinyl and drinking beer . 
  we do n't see many black people , but except for some staring and maybe an awkward question here and there you should n't have any problems . 
  like johnny_b_goode said , if you see drunk football fans or skinheads ( maaaybe in zagreb but i doubt it ) , avoid them . 
  crap . 
  til . 
  you 're kidding , but anonymous does n't seem so benevolent to me . 
  it 's all fun and games when it 's government and corporate info ( and maybe a couple of thousand user passwords ) , but what happens when it 's something very sensitive ? 
  something that could get somebody hurt ? 
  sorry for the shitty pic . 
  i went to the store and saw a shitload of new beers i have n't tried yet and treated myself to a couple of czech budweisers , two and a half vodkas , some belgian beers , lemon beers , ciders , tequila beers , and why the hell not - a guinness . 
  by 2038 most systems will have 64 bit cpu 's and os 's , right ? 
  they hacked the nato library . 
  i actually used it to download a couple of white papers and reports and got an e-mail warning me it was hacked . 
  nope , [ terraneo festival ] ( http://www.last.fm/festival/1859530+terraneo+festival ) in croatia . 
  ie6 will die some time after the last human . 
  i wonder how early it was written , since some people on the list were dead or living elswhere before the war began . 
  `` they '' would n't care , but would people on reddit who constantly praise them ? 
  no , the nato library is public , i downloaded it from there . 
  is she the black lady gaga ? 
  it was a poll and green day fans got involved . 
  i voted for h\u00fcsker d\u00fc and black flag if i remember correctly . 
  in the croatian presidential election debate , one candidate accused our [ president-to-be ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ivo_josipovic ) that he was made in a political laboratory . 
  he replied that his opponent watches too much dexter 's lab . 
  he got my vote long before that , but this sealed it . 
  that 's a nice argument there . 
  `` scum '' , `` fake patriots '' . 
  the rhetoric is the same on the right edge of the spectrum . 
  after listening to 13 songs for three times i got it . 
  he thanked george w bush when entering the rock and roll hall of fame . 
  i kid you not . 
  not commenting on the story , but haaretz is a respectable newspaper . 
  for bars and clubs ... 
  try purgeraj , solid crowd , solid drinks . 
  english in compulsary learning for at least 10 years in schools . 
  i 'm not sure i know anyone who does n't speak english well . 
  cammeo is cheap enough . 
  according to [ this ] ( http://www.zagrebancija.com/hr-aktualnosti/cammeo-u-prosjeku-dignuo-cijene-za-10-kuna_310446 ) the only ride in zagreb that will cost you 10 euros is the one where you go from far east to the far west part of the city . 
  10 years , as in 10 grades . 
  6 in elementary and 4 in high school . 
  and that 's been for decades . 
  i rode cammeo a lot of times and it 's affordable if a little slow to get to . 
  i interviewed mark e smith the other day . 
  most of it was unintelligible , but he did say `` a load of shit '' a couple of times . 
  for emily . 
  there are other mechanisms that prevent that . 
  like democracy . 
  oh god if i only knew about this a month ago . 
  there 's a great [ report ] ( http://www.villagevoice.com/2010-09-08/music/juggalo-gathering-insane-clown-posse/ ) on the gathering for all that are interested . 
  i spent the last week on a music festival and the exact same thing happened ... every night . 
  go to my friends , ask who drinks what , go to the bar , bring it all back and repeat . 
  if anything else , i got a good reputation . 
  well we got rise of nations though . 
  [ j mascis - the boy with the thorn in his side ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5hnnvyfcnee ), 
  bitches love good cable managment . 
  the flying dutchman . 
  like nokia , palm once had a huge part of their market , but lost it by sitting on their asses and not innovating . 
  palm was killed by windows mobile , nokia by iphone and android . 
  first gorillaz album . 
  i wanted to take sides and defend art over insults , but then i remembered how much i hate mindless consumerism and guns , bitches and bling in songs . 
  it 's something i 'd rather not hear in a song , but other things make my preference as well so that wo n't be the single reason to listen to a song . 
  actually , she was named for frances mckee from the vaselines . 
  but yeah , crotches . 
  thanks . 
  even small countries have striking differences between regions and cities . 
  i 'm not contesting that the us is a huge country , just that other countries have that issues despite their size . 
  young phil daniels ? 
  i practically never used fark , so can you expand on the political bullshit ? 
   i do n't know what communities you 've been involved with on reddit , in terms of building interest , moderating , or sticking around . 
  possibly you have other alts other than ` glyserinesoul ' that have been involved in community building on reddit . 
  which communities have you participated in ? 
  helped to develop ? 
  moderated ? 
  been involved with ? 
  i do n't get this paragraph . 
  why are you calling him out ? 
  i have n't said their candidates are insane . 
  i have n't said i 'm planning on voting for any of them . 
  in fact , living about 4000 miles from the nearest us territory , i 'm not really eligible to vote . 
  something about not being a citizen , too . 
  knowledge ? 
  i 'm interested in politics and i do n't see why i have to be emotionally tied to a subject to want to know more about it . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://www.economist.com/blogs/democracyinamerica/2011/06/mormons ) a good article on that . 
  i doubt anyone is a fan of the cia , but i 'm sure it is an important part of a functioning country . 
  maybe try fixing it , not getting rid of it . 
  the same with doe , fcc , fda , sec , epa and others .
