  few ground attacks in slavonija and supposedly the bombing of zagreb , but i 've seen reports that operation was done with a 21 and super galeb . 
  president je francuska firma . 
  it was an all-out slaughter . 
  the first partisan movement in europe was started in croatia and it did n't take long for a civil war . 
  he had his army uniform and unit , the yugoslav partisans were just workers who went to the woods , the only force in wwii who liberated its own country . 
  i 'm not denying henryk 's accomplishments , but the fact that he was a soldier who continued a war and not a rebel . 
  is this the kind of comments we want here ? 
  a new / r/worldnews ? 
  odi do boljeg kioska ili algoritma i kupi nyt international edition ili guardian . 
  [ ova je samo \u0161lag na tortu ] ( http://crimesagainstdivinity.files.wordpress.com/2013/09/netherlands_measles_biblebelt.png ) . 
  reminds me of my high school education . 
  ma je li ? 
  breaking news !, 
  i was talking about the start - the sisak detachment . 
  they were mostly workers , only later did the partisans start having a very wide variety of fighters : spanish veterans , communists , intellectuals and others . 
  that 's the first thing that came to mind when reading this thread . 
  russia knows that it does n't have to prepare for a large scale war because europe is n't united enough to pursue any forceful behavior . 
  all over again !, 
  as if the us is doing this contrary to their interests . 
  europe was peaceful because of tight integration of pacts and mad . 
  any cold war era war would go nuclear , and do n't forget that others have them , not just the us . 
  after 1989 it was the eu/ec , except all the balkan wars . 
  whishful thinking . 
  medenjaci ( honey cookies ) are n't exactly croatian ( more central european ) but they 're simple to make . 
  it happens on shared servers . 
  smaller websites are hosted with hundreds of others on a single server and a lot of them share the same ip . 
  so you type in www.example.com and the dns knows that it 's ip 1.1.1.1 . 
  your request gets to that server and the server sees that you want the site example.com which is hosted in the folder `` example '' . 
  you could access example by going to 1.1.1.1 / \\ ~ example / \\ . 
  if that 's what you were asking . 
  ovaj thread kao da je na turskom :o moram prestat kupovat obleku na placu . 
  the problem is similar to egypt , syria and iraq . 
  the absence of a strongman would n't bring democracy and the elite would n't let it slide . 
  the us wants stability with its allies . 
  if it 's a liberal democracy that 's great , but they 'll take it anyway . 
  uk ili irska . 
  / r/europe added `` thanks to putin '' to the end of titles . 
  it 's pretty great . 
  also changed the flair and added `` comrade '' in front of usernames and united with asia . 
  you know about the drones and special forces killings you 've been hearing about ? 
  that 's the reason the us is n't going to jump into another conflict soon . 
  the doctrine has been changed to low intensity combat done with unmanned aircraft or small units . 
  plot twist , \u0160tef je crnac . 
  how about tv ? 
  people in istria have shit reception because of italian transmitters . 
  uvijek se sjetim [ ove stvari ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wu4uakgcq9a ) od beatlesa kad vidim tvoj nick . 
  that would have been an overkill , it 's a populated area and a machine gun did the job . 
   its not a wonder that eastern europe is still a mess, 
  eastern europe is n't that big of a mess , a lot of countries are in the eu and most have a high or very high hdi . 
  i remember a bofh story about this . 
  gripping story . 
  how to fight something like this ? 
  more allied soldiers died in accidents and friendly fire incidents than enemy fire . 
  that was the first time i heard of her . 
  would love to see an income comparison as well . 
  you 'd have to be more precise . 
  wikitravel is a good first resource http://wikitravel.org/en/croatia, 
  about as popular as 30 years ago . 
  good luck , za takvu bagru glasa ljudi koliko i za pernara . 
  bilo je . 
  njima to `` treba '' radi statistike , broja putnika na relacijama , vremena peak-ova rush hour-a , you name it ... 
  someone open this and tell me if it 's a virus . 
  you 're not what you own !, 
  pathway to glory man . 
  in the quiet words of the virgin mary ... come again ? 
  ne dira ih to . 
  the statue toppling at the end rings some bells . 
  what do you think about the media panic concerning the bug ? 
  i 've been getting calls from people screaming on the phone about a cataclism and internet catastrophe because he heard so on the news . 
   normally , the easiest way to kill a public transit project is to pull its funding . 
  alabama , arizona , hawaii and utah all forbid state funding for public transit systems ( ... ), 
  what ? 
  seriously ? 
  edit : evo ga !, 
  do n't feed the trolls . 
  ali . . ali ... 
  stem ? 
  dae science ? 
  bandi\u0106 was right !, 
  a da :d, 
  ba\u0161 super :d, 
  :d :d :d, 
  da , sve to . 
  \u0160tosni :d dodatni keyword japan . 
  about time . 
  kudos on the project . 
  although i do n't wan na be in a yugoslavia without slovenia . 
  it 's just not the same bratstvo i jedinstvo without them . 
  yup !, 
  the highway toll . 
  you can leave the city , but highways cost money to use in a lot of countries . 
  slovenes and croats at the same time . 
  but not without a reason . 
  shhh ... shhhh . 
  radim . 
  komunjare su preko no\u0107i postale nacionalisti , socijaldemokrati , liberali , whatever . 
  sakupimo zadnjih 20-ak turisti\u010dkih threadova i napravimo ne\u0161to solidno za postanje jednom kad navale `` i have one day and 20 euros , what to see in croatia '' postovi . 
  ovo je bullying ali ne vidim kako je ilegalno . 
  except the ex yugoslav countries have some of the lowest crime rates in europe and the un published a report saying it 's one of the best regions in europe concerning personal safety . 
  stereotypes and ignorance are great , right ?
