  pokojni michael hastings , odli\u010dan urednik ben smith ili mike schoofs koji \u0107e im voditi `` investigative reporting unit '' . 
  huh , do maloprije je normalno radio . 
  hvala . 
  i remember the west wing episode when they put an aircraft carrier group out of a port because of a hurricane and at one point it changed course and hit the ships . 
  so maybe they should wait until the storm dies down a bit . 
  who ? 
  na dobrom si putu . 
   i 've had people offer me a lift home after 3 beers like it was a normal thing , many times . 
  what 's strange with this ? 
  three beers is n't that much or what ? 
  kontakt u pm . 
  on top :, 
   inspired by this reddit thread . 
  on bottom :, 
   major hat tip to this reddit thread that asked users what never stops being awkward in life . 
  `` one particular case has been documented from australia . 
  in february 1995 , a man committed suicide on parkland in canberra , australia . 
  he took a pump action shotgun and shot himself in the chest . 
  the load passed through the chest without hitting a rib , and went out the other side . 
  he then walked fifteen meters , reloaded , leaned the shotgun against his throat , and shot his throat and part of his jaw . 
  he then reloaded , walked 136 meters to a hill slope , lay down on the slope , held the gun against his chest with his hands and operated the trigger with his toes . 
  this shot entered the thoracic cavity and demolished the heart , killing him . 
  yes , yes i am . 
  i think you are confusing me with you , but i 'm not you , i am a different person with different needs than you . 
  is that hard to understand ? 
  where i live a children 's hospital was redoing their roof and found a cluster bomb bomblet . 
  but this one was about 20 years old , not 70 . 
  perot 's campaign waned by the end because of the threats he received ( against his daughter i think ) so he could have done better . 
  i 'm not defending the guy , just want you to consider that the us has rigorous punishments when compared to the rest of the western world . 
  no eu country has the death penalty and a few do n't have life sentences . 
  most do n't have life without parole . 
  in my country only 39 people are serving sentences longer than 30 years . 
  40 years is the maximum one . 
   it still sold out just like the wii . 
  i remember sony bragging about that , but i also remember [ a certain bet that sony lost ] ( http://www.joystiq.com/2007/02/10/sonys-jack-tretton-and-the-1200-quote/ ) . 
  too bad only five of them are n't from western europe . 
  fun fact !, 
  about a 1:1 chance that i wo n't care . 
  index nema lijevo ili desno , samo klikove i pare . 
   although be cautious in serbia , bosnia and macedonia , and it 's better to stay away from kosovo altogether, 
  the balkans are safer than almost any western european country and this trope is getting really boring . 
  having a space program is n't a [ big deal ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/space_program ) , but it depends what the program is capable of . 
  only brazil has launch capabilities ( although there is another launch site on the continent , but it 's part of a european country ) and the countries that operate satellites launched them from china , russia or the us . 
  alternativno ... 
  ali to je ( jebiga ) demokracija . 
  cool use of technology . 
  for anyone wondering , you can get an ads-b receiver for 20 euros and track airplanes yourself , it 's all free data . 
  exactly . 
  a lot of those sites get their info from public receivers and other sources like faa data . 
  i 'm just giving an example how to do it yourself . 
  wow . 
   a position which the republic suffered heavily for it in the post war period, 
  can you expand on this ? 
  i remember the funny saying that ireland was only admitted to the un so someone could sit between israel and iraq . 
  i also have issues with it , but only if it 's the evangelist kind . 
  the bible ( for example ) is a massive story awesome story that has so much imagery it 's impossible to ignore it , even if you only concentrate on the pop culture parts that everyone knows . 
  when nick cave , david eugene edwards or mewithoutyou do it - i 'm fine with that . 
  the body ... is one of my favorite albums more because of the personal themes in it than the politics . 
  my perception was always that the couple were the focus here , and everything else just a backdrop . 
  it 's more personal than personal life , at least for me . 
  after my third thermals concert [ returning to the fold ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9tngefypcus ) is my favorite . 
  post wwii borders . 
  do n't forget that yugoslavia was a federation . 
  edit : sorry , i did n't see the gif . 
  yeah , those were militia and paramilitary exclaves in bosnia and croatia . 
  this looks like something hundertwasser would do . 
  holy shit seriously ? 
  i have to pay about a months salary , drive a shitload with an instructor on a course then on the road , pass a written exam , first aid exam and then you have some restrictions for the first few years or until you reach a certain age . 
  that 's along with a mandatory permit refresh every few years . 
  i 'm 24 and do n't have a licence . 
  edit : i 'm in croatia but from what i hear it 's similar in other parts of europe . 
  public transport serves me fine and there are always taxis for the special occasions . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/croatia/comments/1qombo/poznati_protiv/cdgkkix ) - del0, 
  false equivalence . 
  i can flip this a hundred different ways making each of them a good or a bad guy depending without being wrong . 
  that 's why pictures like these are shit . 
  zacopral si sad . 
  i have this quote saved for some time , i do n't know who the source is :, 
   saying that jews dominate hollywood is like saying koreans dominate starcraft . 
  it is n't racist , and there are exceptions . 
  it has nothing to do with race and everything to do with culture . 
  more allied troops died of accidents and friendly fire in the first gulf war than from enemy action . 
  24 % of us casualties were from friendly fire . 
  [ evo odgovora s fer-a ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kyp6od5nryw ) . 
   referendum da nema rata, 
  na balkanu ? 
   although controversy never lagged far behind , perhaps his most talked about public appearance came during 1992 at a time when the war started raging across much of bosnia-herzegovina . 
  during beogradsko prolece ( belgrade spring ) festival televised live on serbian state tv ( rts ) , he interrupted a set by bebi dol and blasted the crowd for what he saw as having mindless fun while bombs and grenades were falling only 300km away . 
  towards the end of the telecast he jumped on stage , carried bebi dol off , then returned to launch into a rant : `` i 've only got about two minutes to address the nation . 
  while we 're singing and enjoying ourselves here , tuzla and dubrovnik are being bombed . 
  we do n't want to entertain the electorate . 
  f *** off , all of you !, 
  '' , before throwing away the microphone in disgust and exiting , while the confused orchestra continued playing . 
  [ 1 ] he received a quiet state tv ban and did n't appear on its airwaves for quite some time . 
  mi nismo . 
  your country was founded by immigrants and it is based on immigrants . 
  europe has a shitload of countries in a small space and most of us were fighting each other at one point . 
  only recently did european countries start getting a lot of immigrants , and a lot of them are from culturally very different countries . 
  utopisti\u010dke ideje . 
  oh goody , i ordered this a few days ago .
