  but what if i 'm ... big in japan ? 
   what 's your opinion on gun control ? 
  my personal opinion is that they should be banned for private usage by citizens for everything except sports and hunting . 
  the ban should be rigorous in the sense that owning a gun would be practically impossible for everyone , and exceptions to that would be screened in detail . 
  the state has to have the monopoly on legal violence . 
  mind you , this is from a liberal european perspective so i expect a severe lack of understanding from across the ocean . 
  if there 's one thing i learned on reddit it 's that americans ( mostly ) love their guns . 
  for fun , overthrowing the government , self defense or waiting for the english to come back , they 'll find a use for it . 
  i 'm not trying to convert anyone , just share my view . 
  in general , europeans do n't see their government as a tyrannical threat , and there is less violent crime so the need for a gun is n't that high . 
  you can get a gun in most european countries , but people just do n't want to . 
  making a country safer should be done through economic steps and making people not be scared in the first place . 
  my main argument ( although i have more ) is that people are n't generally good , and there is no test or background check that will tell you that a guy wo n't draw his gun after a drunken fight . 
  people say that if students were armed at virginia tech that someone would kill the shooter and stop him . 
  but with thousands of people having a dangerous weapon , what is the guarantee that somebody else would n't have done it ? 
  people do crazy shit when they 're angry and giving a gun to anyone that wants one does n't seem safe . 
  my 2 ( euro ) cents . 
  then you got the joke . 
  tourists that got stranded in croatia got cheap hotel rooms and get to enjoy a sunny day . 
  some people got a sweet deal out of this . 
  like a young sandokan . 
  anyone ... ? 
  king of england ? 
  whoa . 
  looks like something frank miller drew . 
  i 'd kill for a photo like this . 
  the same thing happened to me , the other guy started masturbating , fingering his butthole and asking me to join in . 
  i bought the xbox version after that and played online . 
  we he is * pantsjohnson *, 
  mclovin ? 
  mean girls was a great movie . 
  yes , i 'm a 20 year old hetero male and admit it . 
  this should be a monthly or weekly thing . 
  just a soft reminder for people to support local independent record stores . 
  sadly , i do n't have one anywhere near me . 
  [ rospaya2 ] ( http://www.last.fm/user/rospaya2 ) says ... super !, 
   your musical compatibility with themattevans is super, 
  music you have in common includes weezer , pixies , red hot chili peppers , queen and the beatles . 
  4chan was full of `` poland can not into air '' polandballs that day . 
  both camps are sorta wrong here . 
  ebert uses descriptions and game trailers to say that they are not pieces of art , he does n't play them . 
  then again , he does n't dismiss the thought completely , just that it 's not true yet . 
  he clearly does n't have enough of a grasp on the medium to judge it fairly . 
  this is where the gamers camp is wrong . 
  we percieve and compare games with other ones , with the ones we played , and unlike movies , a huge * huge * amount of them ca n't be seen as art . 
  with movies that percentage is big too , but not that radical as with games . 
  the problem is that you ca n't compare a picture with a song , or a movie with a sculpture . 
  we can talk about demographics and popularity as much as we like , but games and people who see them as art are still a small minority . 
  2001 : space odyssey had a 10 million dollar budget and earned 190 million dollars . 
  that movie is a piece of art and a lot of people see it like that . 
  gaming does n't have that example yet , and perception of gamers is still low , unlike people who like music , movies or other forms of art . 
  elfman recommended motorstorm among other games . 
  i liked it just because i listened to kyuss and drove the desert maps . 
  that 's cool for me , but what would ebert think about that . 
  you put the disc in , start the game and learn the mechanics , controls , goals , extra options and trics ... 
  it is a game , although it looks nice . 
  max payne is a better example . 
  i loved the story and the whole feeling . 
  the comic strips and noir touch were great , but if you do n't have good reflexes and are n't familiar with fps games you ca n't enjoy it , and it 's a fact that you need a lot complex experience to enjoy it that 2001 : odyssey . 
  made this point up in r/movies as well . 
  ** tl ; dr ** : it depends on the perception . 
  games can be art but mostly for gamers , but movies can be art for more people . 
  both camps are sorta wrong here . 
  ebert uses descriptions and game trailers to say that they are not pieces of art , he does n't play them . 
  then again , he does n't dismiss the thought completely , just that it 's not true yet . 
  he clearly does n't have enough of a grasp on the medium to judge it fairly . 
  this is where the gamers camp is wrong . 
  we percieve and compare games with other ones , with the ones we played , and unlike movies , a huge huge amount of them ca n't be seen as art . 
  with movies that percentage is big too , but not that radical as with games . 
  the problem is that you ca n't compare a picture with a song , or a movie with a sculpture . 
  we can talk about demographics and popularity as much as we like , but games and people who see them as art are still a small minority . 
  2001 : space odyssey had a 10 million dollar budget and earned 190 million dollars . 
  that movie is a piece of art and a lot of people see it like that . 
  gaming does n't have that example yet , and perception of gamers is still low , unlike people who like music , movies or other forms of art . 
  elfman recommended motorstorm among other games . 
  i liked it just because i listened to kyuss and drove the desert maps . 
  that 's cool for me , but what would ebert think about that . 
  you put the disc in , start the game and learn the mechanics , controls , goals , extra options and trics ... 
  it is a game , although it looks nice . 
  max payne is a better example . 
  i loved the story and the whole feeling . 
  the comic strips and noir touch were great , but if you do n't have good reflexes and are n't familiar with fps games you ca n't enjoy it , and it 's a fact that you need a lot complex experience to enjoy it that 2001 : odyssey . 
  `` last week , i met an old grandmother , who told me that feral teenagers set fire to a bag of kittens . '', 
  `` last week , i met a pakistani barman , who told me that broken britain set fire to a bag of kittens . '', 
  i 'm just a sucker for kittens . 
  start a thread on / int / , i 'm sure they 'll jump right in . 
  also : http://encyclopediadramatica.com/polandball, 
  i would upvote you moderated your tone . 
  `` idiot '' and `` dickwad '' do n't go well with a good argument . 
  deep down it 's just pride . 
  `` do n't want me ? 
  take this ! '' . 
  unlike an al-qaida or ira style terrorist who has a political goal that does n't have an `` if '' or `` but '' until their final goal is reached . 
  it 's not personal , while this is . 
  need individual links , a stop button and more cowbell . 
  default nokia browser for facebook mobile and opera mini for everything else . 
  i feel like an asshole after reading this . 
  i 've got a home , good job and free education yet i ca n't find the strenght to do it . 
  kudos to you man . 
  - zack braff,
