  or the distributer limits the price at full numbers so they max it out . 
  the limit being $ 30 and the price $ 29.99 . 
  thanks , i 'm a regular . 
  i love this movie . 
  have it on my pc , phone and mp3 player at all times . 
  have the book , have the soundtrack and just love it . 
  hornby is a great writer , cusack was made for roles like this and jack black steals every scene he 's in . 
  here 's a much flashier and detailed graph :, 
  are you sure you watched the right movie ? 
  a fish called wanda was funny as hell . 
  you are very ignorant if you thing that blindly following a document 200-and-something years old without questioning is normal . 
  it was written in a time where the world was very * very * different from the one we live in today . 
  americans have an annoying habit of treating their constitution like the christians treat the bible . 
  ok , but can you alter the text of the original ? 
  in some countries cops do n't wear guns . 
  i consider good luck living in a city where people rarely get mugged . 
  conflict ? 
  in hungary ? 
  there was a war south in croatia , but hungary was thriving at that time . 
  i 'm sure mr white has a good reason for that , jack . 
  killing floor . 
  journalist . 
  it and music . 
  not related to your problem , but install another version of windows . 
  the starter edition does n't even let you change your wallpaper for fuck sake . 
  well , one is the most popular sport on the planet , and the other is probably just confined to a dozen us states . 
  do n't confuse f1 or wrc with nascar , it 's a whole other dimension . 
  and even if you do , footbal is still , without a doubt , the most popular sport on the planet . 
  in the us . 
  like the right of a person to marry whoever he wants , even if the other person is of the same sex ? 
  or maybe there are a couple of people , not one . 
  maybe banning slavery ? 
  right of women to vote ? 
  things like that were n't in the constitution when it was written and we consider them normal today . 
  what about the right to bear arms ? 
  plenty of countries do n't allow it , why do you think you are right in that regard ? 
  there is plenty of discussion about the us constitution and it 's worth in today 's world . 
  it 's an archaic document that was progressive in its time , but today only shows how easy it is to manipulate it . 
  what 's progressive about blindly believing in a 200 year old document ? 
  they 're getting more and more honest with high school names i see . 
  anti intelectualism is cool these days . 
  and i would listen the fuck out of it . 
  you do n't have to be productive to make the best out of your time . 
  in comic form : http://www.dustinland.com/archives/archives407.html, 
  i doubt someone 's that suicidal to answer this . 
   i expected an amateurish effort at the mid-school level but they have skills . 
  you know that some of the best teams did n't pass qualifications , meaning that a team has to be pretty good to pass , or have a lot of luck in the qualifications . 
  i 've heard it long before always sunny . 
   europe has been home to some of the bloodiest wars in history , so much so that the phrase `` bloody '' is a swear word . 
  ... in english speaking countries . 
  do n't mix that with some 30 other languages in the continent . 
  that comment has ove ... no . 
  too easy . 
  i 'm on t-mobile , but on another continent . 
  i 've had it for weeks and it works great . 
  reality bias , not liberal . 
  reality has a well-known liberal bias -- stephen colbert, 
  it 's a national holiday here . 
  this is an excellent article . 
  rolling stone excuses itself for every britney spears and lady gaga cover with excellent stories like this one and whatever matt taibbi is working on . 
  michael hastings should be pretty fuckin ' proud now . 
  i 'm not sure the methodology is correct here . 
  it 's mixing a lot of things into a single rating . 
  that said , my country need 0,02 points to advance into the `` stable '' category . 
  anybody giving away ? 
  i think it was 4chan trolling . 
  looks like [ officer tackleberry ] ( http://www.cineschlocker.com/images/screencaps/police_academy_1.jpg ), 
  hey fuck you buddy , it makes me feel less shitty . 
  i believe it is , and i 've seen scores of people being upvoted for the same statement . 
  comes to show that reddit does n't have the hivemind people accuse it of having . 
  first time your username is actually related . 
  like every occupied country in europe , croatia had quislings and resistance , nothing unique or weird about that . 
  manly tear + bitter upvote combo . 
  do n't do this . 
  i 'm not dumb , the ustashe were evil , without any doubt . 
  but i do n't see where the hate is coming here , especially because the toll is still collected on events that happened 60 years ago , families are still devided and graves are still hidden . 
  also , if you know anything about the situation , you 'll know that they got a whole lot of encouragement . 
  it 's not the croats who invented extermination camps , the ustashe got the idea from * someone * y' know . 
  what did it come to when you ca n't bike and carry a laptop without making a target out of yourself . 
  i carry thousands of dollars of equipment from work home every week , riding trams and busses . 
  zero times have i been scared of getting mugged . 
  we can have a discussing whether it 's gay to suck your own dick , but swallowing ... 
  the line has been crossed my friend . 
  - the thermals - the body , the blood , the machine, 
  - nomeansno - dance of the headless bourgeoisie, 
  - fugazi - 13 songs ( compilation of the eps ), 
  - witchcraft - witchcraft ( think black sabbath goes sludge/doom ), 
  - the bambi molesters - intensity !, 
  ( surf rock ), 
  - grinderman - grinderman ( best garage i 've heard in a long time - nick cave ), 
  - radio moscow - radio moscow ( think the black keys ), 
  also , listen to early white stripes albums , h\u00fcsker d\u00fc 's zen arcade and flip your wig . 
  and here is a [ grooveshark playlist ] ( http://listen.grooveshark.com/#/playlist/rospaya+s+reddit+playlist/31089692 ) with the stuff i recommended . 
  enjoy !, 
  bob mould, 
  * looks around *, 
  ok , ok , it 's a fucking travesty ... 
   an officer that does n't listen to his executive is asking for trouble . 
  ftfy, 
  republicans are n't mad about him either ... not like he 'd run anyway .
