  the us is n't protecting south korea as much as it is making a buffer zone against north korea and china . 
  see : arming taiwan , troops in japan . 
  sorry for the tweet , did n't find an article yet . 
  from what i read about him on wikipedia , he was a real hero : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/daniel_inouye, 
  follow up : why did n't they ? 
  hey bashar , might want to edit some of those . 
  [ the team is freed ] ( http://worldnews.nbcnews.com/_news/2012/12/18/15985279-richard-engel-and-nbc-news-team-freed-from-captors-in-syria?lite ) . 
  south park studios works outside of the us , just not in canada and the uk . 
  wrong . 
  the fourth european army myth is also wrong . 
  jna was powerful , but the doctrine was guerilla fighting , not conventional war like other european armies . 
  i guess that comedy central sold its rights to someone else there , or just to their local channels which do n't want to provide online streaming for free . 
  this is the standard nra line after mass shootings . 
  fuck you madagascar !, 
  i remember when people loved clegg . 
  itt : uptight people who usually ca n't believe the 90 's are over and that they 're * so * old , but get upset when someone draws on a drunk dude . 
  the first part refers to the constant `` i 'm * so * old but i still act like a kid '' comments . 
  not sure if infection or jackson pollack tattoo . 
  this song is about reagan visiting the graves of ss soldiers in bitburg , germany . 
  lady gaga can play the piano , she 's the new mozart !, 
  alex steinweiss would be happy . 
  for anyone saying xda dev was better before : no . 
  i 've been a member since the winmo years and the same shit happened then , except with less visitors . 
  looks like you forgot a bunch of these :, 
  um , 1999 and before that wwii . 
  i 've been reading a lot of comments about japanese culture and it seems that it is a lot more complicated than western . 
  is it because of how much interest the internet has about japan or because i 'm used to our ( half ) western ways ? 
  by culture i mean manners and courtesies . 
  i do n't see serbia bombed there . 
  from what region is your aunt ? 
  neverending stooory ... nanana nanana nanana !, 
  do n't have burglars for friends and you 're all set . 
  i do n't see how this is related to facebook . 
  baseless speculation without any support in reality . 
  - when was the last time us and israel fought side by side ? 
  never . 
  us support has always been mostly material . 
  - why would assad attack israel and give the world casus belli ? 
  israel is happier with the devil they know . 
  - iran is still years away from making a nuclear bomb , let alone deploy it . 
  - us - russia relations broke down during the 2008 war in south ossetia when people like john mccain even advocated intervention . 
  bush sent military supplies . 
  there was n't a wwiii as far as i remember . 
  good move , but some countries have a rapidly declining population while others are booming . 
  my country would need more people , china for instance does n't . 
  i liked your answer until you came to this part :, 
   do the following thought experiment each time you see or hear tales about `` the roma '' ; replace the subject ( roma ) with your own ethnic or cultural group and see if the tales and generalizations still make sense . 
  your experiment takes by default that every ethnic group has the same level of poverty , criminal activity and so on , and just equals racism against african americans , indians and other groups with animosity again roma in europe . 
  i wo n't cite personal experiences here , but in my city romanis got free apartments , education , and their neighbourhoods got fresh infrastructure . 
  the apartments were ransacked and pipes were taken as scrap metal for sale , parents took children out of schools and every other good will was taken advantage of . 
  political corectness is denying me from saying that they are voluntarily staying out of society and relying on criminal activities to survive . 
  only a minor part escapes that circle . 
  part of it comes from the same phenomenon seen in african american societies - `` acting white '' . 
  i 'm not going into this . 
  german sense of humor is legendary . 
  i was in prague years ago , can you tell me what the price of beer is today ? 
  budweiser 0,5 in tesco let 's say . 
  i live in europe and never actually seen the us bud so it was intentional . 
  one of my favorite memories is searching for a place to find a beer in the middle of the night in prague with my friends . 
  we ended up asking some skinheads that pointed us to a tesco that worked all night . 
  it was glorious . 
  after taking all the beers with chips and other snacks i calculated that it would be cheaper for me to pay the booze and leave the food to others . 
  god i love prague . 
  depends where you live . 
  i never had the need for it and live in a safe environment . 
  yeah . 
  you have no idea about my situation . 
  the equivalent would be me saying to you that i do n't care where you live , buy you need a horse . 
  because people assume that other people have the need for something just because they do . 
  you 're twisting my words . 
  you know what i meant . 
  meanwhile i went to ask my grandma , who was born and still lives in the house i live in now and asked her was there ever a need to keep emergency water . 
  keep in mind she lived through two wars , 5 countries , flooding and an earthquake . 
  she said no . 
  during wwii there were enough wells to have water in 5 minutes when the bombings disrupted supply , and every time pipes broke or the system was under repair there was a truck coming by to deliver water all day . 
  we live 20 minutes of walking from the center of our capitol city which has more than a million people in the metro area . 
  the only time we would lack drinking water is a full on apocalypse . 
  in that case i 'll take my chances . 
  is the war still a big hurdle in spain ? 
  i never used one , but can someone knowledgeable answer me how easy is it to get out of a tipped kayak ? 
  i 'm always thinking i would drown . 
  amazon does n't ship to my country . 
  that was the ideal present for a friend . 
  croatian diaspora is almost completely right wing . 
  ~ ~ acta ~ ~ sopa is by far the most popular page in croatia 's wikipedia . 
  yup , my bad . 
  completely blown out of proportion by all sides . 
  i do n't see why any group should have monopoly . 
  actually only on reddit . 
  they do n't sell it everywhere on earth . 
  again , it 's not omnipresent . 
   and posted by accounts that were just a few minutes old , and the answers were posted within a few seconds of the questions . 
  i do n't know about the rest of your post , but this part is wrong . 
  he answered 10 people . 
  only [ one ] ( http://www.reddit.com/user/hmlee ) account was fresh and we can presume it was made just for the occasion . 
  another two accounts were n't used after the ama ( one of them more than 5 years old ) . 
  the fastest answer was about 20 minutes from the posting time , and the average is about half an hour with some being posted an hour later . 
  if you doubt my numbers , the [ thread ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/z1c9z/i_am_barack_obama_president_of_the_united_states/ ) is public and you can double check . 
  edit : spelling . 
  peter molyneux says hi .
