  it 's a crime . 
  i 've seen dumber statements on reddit . 
  mennonites : the religion reddit 's ok with . 
  wan na fight ? 
  fucking canadians always invaded through denmark when i played as germany . 
  awesome game . 
  maybe because nobody ( alphabetically ) wants to speak before brazil ? 
  [ and a great movie was made on the subject ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0048990/ ) . 
  my title may be misleading . 
  san francisco to vote on baby circumcision . 
  i lost it at galileo . 
  nothing you ever do will be as good as this . 
  i 'm gon na go ahead and use my quota of `` epic '' for this year . 
  the same place that defends lady gaga and kesha . 
  216 million in eu25 . 
  32 million in california . 
  if you count the whole continent then there are far more cars in europe . 
  she 's cuter in the movie . 
  hey , reddit remembered my birthday !, 
  * checks picture *, 
  nevermind . 
  i 'm from croatia and ca n't help much , but i do have access to some imported serbian stuff that 's common in montenegro . 
  not much , sorry . 
  what is this , tumblr ? 
  i was brought to tears when my flight was too early and i did n't have time to check the air forces museum there . 
  and niko bellic sounds nothing like someone from the balkans . 
  where i live swimming lessons are compulsary in elementary school . 
  wherever you live, 
  lidl, 
  i 'm sure they have the capability , but are n't doing it in the capacity that would help them enough . 
  imagine if it was true . 
  the intelligence community would have to be so efficient and massive that it would be unfeasable . 
  the upside would be less crime , which is the main reason i do n't think they 're doing it . 
  the dot in the middle of the screen pisses me off . 
   i 've heard estimates that around 200,000 serbs were ethnically cleansed ( note : not killed but forced out of their homes ) by the croats during operation storm . 
  a lot of them left on their own , but i do n't blame them , i 'd leave if i were in their place . 
  come on , exiled.ru is so russian biased it 's not even funny . 
  i was on exit last year . 
  my friends i met there are coming to croatia during the summer . 
  most people are living normal lives . 
  it 's the news , it 's the old nationalist , it 's the dumb kids . 
  there are dumb people everywhere and in times like these they often float on the surface . 
  but if you look at the general population , the politicians they elect and the fact that the streets of belgrade are n't filled with more than 200 people protesting - nationalism is here only for show . 
  another journalist here . 
  where would we get our sources then ? 
  i 've been told not to watch the hangover without friends and some beers . 
  being bored i tried to watch it alone and could n't last 5 minutes . 
  some movies are just made like that , the reason i like american pie , but does hollywood offer comedies today that would appeal to people who just like to watch movies and laugh ? 
  do i really need a posse of bros to enjoy a goddamned comedy these days ? 
  except you still love her , want her back and cry yourself to sleep when you miss her call . 
  just me ? 
  i was there a month ago . 
  [ obligatory cute girl showing how milk in bags work ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vtpgd4huk4w ), 
  this is just chomsky being chomsky . 
  i admire the man , but he will find imperialism and conspiracy in anything . 
  without western intervention , the balkans would be way worse . 
  while i 'm a europhile , the ec ( eu ) screwed up big time , and the us had to clean out the situations . 
  mention clinton if you want a free beer in any exyu country except serbia . 
  oh come on , everything ? 
  he was fairly well prepared . 
  i have strabismus and ca n't see movies in 3d . 
  no , i do n't think i 'll be won over . 
  i feel like an uneducated pleb by not knowing why this is funny . 
  eric 's trip is a criminally underrated song . 
  for those who do n't know : google `` weather name-of-city '' , let 's say `` weather zagreb '' and you get the weather in zagreb in a cool interface . 
  it 's sad to see so many americans blaming iceland on having no army , no immigrants to commit crimes , being an island nation . 
  look at your doorstep , then shit at others . 
  very cool , poland . 
  my country only has to offer serious sam and doodle jump . 
  canada had a small conflict with their natives in [ 1990 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/oka_crisis ), 
  wow . 
  we had to do the national anthem once a year and that was a little off putting for me . 
  this is a whole other plain of craziness . 
  i was talking more about the early 90 's , not the nato intervention in the kosovo war , my bad . 
  about the other situation . 
  by year 2000 , milosevic had such a bad track record that a humanitarian disaster and a flood of refugees ( i 'm talking half a million people plus ) would be the good outcome . 
  about a million people left anyway , but they settled in neighbouring countries , not western europe . 
  nato intervention accelerated something that would have happened anyway , but with milosevic dragging his feet just standing by was n't an option . 
  two things the west did wrong :, 
  - rambouillet agreement made the bar too high for the serbs , very possibly intentionally . 
  nobody would have taken those terms , although i 'm not sure milosevic would take * any * terms . 
  - the later bombing campaign was too agressive in pursuing dual use targets . 
  it 's straight out of the military book of using everything you have at your disposal just to make them surrended ( something they averted in libya ) . 
  as a big fan of the book , the swedish movie and fincher , the day i heard this was going to happen i was very * very * happy . 
  while not a fan of reznor ( i know i know ... he just never clicked ) , even the karen o/reznor version of immigrant song is an erection starter . 
  there is not a single thing about this i am not excited about . 
  big fan of the movie . 
  do you have a problem with communicating the visual world to her ? 
  tv shows , movies , art , everything internet , these are all major things in my life and i would be struggling to convey that to her just because i enjoy it . 
  what do you talk about ? 
  i ca n't seem to find the game . 
  is it because i 'm not a gold user ? 
  how did that deregulation work out in the long run ? 
  i 'm all for a boycott , but banning books just leaves a bad taste whatever the target is . 
  love me some kishon , a very funny guy . 
  i own three of them , had them back in the day , and 90 % of people shitting on the phone ( like op is right now ) did n't use it for more than a day and just rode the hate wave , because hey - it 's easy . 
  one memory that i wo n't forget is playing a strategy game online while in the tram against people from all over the world , with real time voice communication . 
  i had 10 games on one memory card , used apps , browsed the web with opera , listened to mp3s , and a lot of those things in the same time , since it had great multitasking . 
  it was a smartphone years before most people even knew what it was . 
  protip : the same sentence will get you a beer in the balkans as well .
