  reading many many reviews , my opinion is rather unpopular . 
  i think it 's a forced masturbation of a shitload of genres and artist that usually would n't belong on the same album . 
  needless to say , i do n't like it and think it 's too forced . 
  in the end it 's just the same beats we hear in every fucking modern pop song . 
  someone photoshop the guy from the cover picture to trollface . 
  still , i 'm a bit confused with something in the article :, 
   still , stifling android developers is the lack of a simple market for third-party apps . 
  google does n't own a prominent platform for distributing apps , as apple does with itunes . 
  what the hell is android market then ? 
  i mean , itunes sells a load of stuff , not only apps , but what is the market then ? 
  what about lolek and bolek ? 
  i loved that show , it 's still popular in croatia . 
  kevin smith did jersey girl for the money , and guy ritchie did some crap for madonna . 
  the black news reporter from family guy . 
  not cleveland . 
  hell yes . 
  i 'm watching s01 again , it 's sad that it went downhill after s03 . 
  maja the bee ? 
  we had that in croatia , too . 
  i thought it was czech . 
  frajer means loser ? 
  i thought it was `` guy '' . 
  is n't every pop star today just madonna + garbage ? 
  ( not implying that madonna did anything relevant since the 80 's ), 
  i remember reading the same stuff when [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jean_marie_le_pen ) guy was the boogeyman europe was afraid of . 
  jorg haider , le pen and others are no real threat . 
  - created the atheist bus campaign, 
  - really cute, 
  con :, 
  - wrote for the nme, 
  on the end credits of clerks 2 :, 
   [ thanks ] to jersey girl for taking it so hard in the ass and never complaining, 
  yup , music can really take me back , enough to know exactly where i was and how i was feeling when i first heard some song . 
  [ talk about foresight ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_unthinkable ), 
   in 1945 , 18-year-old elizabeth began to carry out solo duties , such as reviewing a parade of canadian airwomen . 
  [ 18 ] she joined the women 's auxiliary territorial service , as no . 
  230873 second subaltern elizabeth windsor . 
  she trained as a driver and mechanic , drove a military truck , and rose to the rank of junior commander . 
  yup , she 's pretty cool . 
  shit , i 'd do it for a million . 
  about 30 . 
  opera . 
  - first two are locked , some long articles that i got ta read, 
  - two short articles to read for work, 
  - about 15 tabs with movies to watch in the movie festival this week , i still ca n't decide which ones, 
  - a couple of articles and comment threads from this morning to read, 
  - a wikipedia article of a band to check out, 
  - facebook, 
  - youtube songs i got ta listen to, 
  depends where you live . 
  i have zero alternatives , because i 've got about 200 people i know on facebook and around 10 or 20 of them use other social networking sites , so there 's no use using them unless most of them transfer . 
  most people do n't know about it , and it 's a nice analogy to other countries ... 
  the president is elected , but a regent * is * the country , and ca n't escape from it . 
  what warzone was it ? 
  since the us lost and did n't have the moral high ground like in wwii , you do n't have much vietnam war movies . 
  my favourites are apocalypse now , full metal jacket and platoon . 
  for less action look up good morning vietnam . 
  how is it a dumb phone ? 
  it 's more a smartphone than the iphone . 
  nokia e71 ( playing with e72 now ) and htc hero very soon . 
  one for typing and office stuff , the other for web surfing and because android seems to be the future . 
  i 've got a couple of old wm and s60 phones in the desk , they still work despite being very old . 
  s60 symbian has that since the beginning . 
  it was the core definition of a smartphone . 
  then the iphone came and everyone just forgot about that and called limited background applications `` multitasking '' . 
  in ex yugoslavia comics were extremely popular , so i guess everyone in these parts knows about them . 
  it 's not christian rock . 
  it has christian themes and the song goes over that , but it focuses more on the battle between good an evil , no necessarily promoting christianity per se , but using it as a symbol for fighting evil . 
  berlusconi breaking the law and being an asshole . 
  news at 11 . 
  according to reuters :, 
  - only one italian government has lasted a full five-year term in the last 50 years, 
  - italy had over 60 governments since wwii, 
  pluto is now in a relationship with neptune . 
   even with a hat, 
  we 're bringing it back . 
  then some other country that does n't give a fuck . 
  except it 's not always bad behavior , just the powers in parliament . 
  it sucks when you actually have shit to do and need time . 
  another interesting thing is that bomber are maintained by the air force , submarines by the navy and icbms by the army . 
  so , like every other program in pentagon , this is going to be an internal war between the branches . 
  also : not worldpolitics . 
  that 's a balkanic thing ? 
  shit i did n't know about that until now . 
  but we did invent the parachute , tie and electricity ... 
  could we squeeze italy there too ? 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but are n't germans considered one of the most hard working people in europe ? 
  and are n't greeks considered , like the south europe stereotype says , lazy and corrupt ? 
  i 'm really not trolling here , i think the statement ( despite the source ) has some validity , i 'm seeing my own country going down the same road - people retiring early , more pensioners than workers , double digit unemployment and rampant corruption . 
  and then i walk the center of town in noon and everybody 's drinking a coffee and shitting on the government . 
  well fuck , if you do n't have anything to contribute to society , fuck off . 
  i 'm 20 , from croatia . 
  mostly depressed about being dumped by [ the only girl i ever loved ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=scjpbjch5l0 ) and failing to do anything in the university . 
  it took me a lot of time , nerves and blood to finish both elementary and high school so i 'm not sure university is for me ( journalism studies , got in despite all odds ) . 
  smashing my head over abandoning my ambitions or trying to change everything i am is mostly how i spend my days . 
  interests are music ( as in listening and reading , i 'm a music snob ) , movies , going out with friends , concerts ... 
  i 'm a little concerned about my frequency of going to 4chan . 
  other than that i love history , geography , politics , diplomacy , geopolitics , computers and gadgets . 
  job is currently it journalist , i 've been doing it for years , for the biggest magazine in the country . 
  i get the latest gadgets , talk to important people , learn stuff ...
