  i 'm not sure why are people upvoting you ... you do n't make any fucking sense . 
  i disagree . 
  as you probably saw by now islamic countries near europe have a higher standard of living , as do some other countries like qatar , kuwait , malaysia ... 
  it 's the history that ties them together , not religion . 
  i do n't know about the us , but in slovenia you can live ok with a 1000 euro salary , so your gini index does n't mean much here . 
   anyway , i personally would tell that person `` your and idiot '' . 
  i heard that a lot . 
  but what do i do when i have classes and work all of the time and live on two sandwiches a day . 
  my only free time is spent on having a beer with friends and going out on the weekends . 
  when does a normal person actually * do * the exercise thing ? 
  i do n't consider myself fat but i 'm definitely overweight . 
  i walk whenever i can and mostly eat two times a day . 
  yet i have the same weight i had three years ago . 
  i see you 've missed my point again . 
  look at the common history these countries had , it 's far * far * more complicated then just slapping the islam label and moving on . 
  for example , mali has 90 % muslim population and is labeled as free with a 26 rating ( freedom house index ) . 
  why do you want to put it in the same basket with libya ( 94 , not free ) or pakistan ( 62 , not free ) ? 
   show me a metric where a single muslim country is in the top 20 . 
  a country does n't have to be in the top 20 to be a good place to live , and these lists have heavy western bias where they use standards that are normal in the western world for hundreds of years and compare that countries with the ones that do n't have these traditions . 
  having visited countries from both sides of the list i base my thoughts on that i 've seen first hand . 
   also , check the 2009 table . 
  are there any of your favourite countries in the top 20 ? 
  not even my own country is my favourite so there 's no need to be cocky . 
  thanks for the analysis , i should fire my shrink and hire you instead . 
  wikipedia says this :, 
   because of sociopolitical and cultural differences , there are various descriptions of europe 's boundary ; in some sources , some territories are not included in europe , while other sources include them . 
  for instance , geographers from russia and other post-soviet states generally include the urals in europe while including caucasia in asia . 
  similarly , numerous geographers consider azerbaijan 's and armenia 's southern borders with iran and turkey 's southern and eastern borders with syria , iraq and iran as the boundary between asia and europe because of political and cultural reasons . 
  [ citation needed ] similarly , cyprus is approximate to anatolia ( or asia minor ) , but is often considered part of europe and currently is a member state of the eu . 
  we can all agree it 's a transcontinental country , but its culture is both asian and european . 
  membership in nato and council of europe shows that . 
  while i 'm not completely sure it should be part of eu , it is * very * connected to europe . 
  if not geographically , then politically . 
  karam means `` fucking '' in some slavic languages . 
  you see this as a bunch of crap . 
  other people see this as an act of a tyrannical government and preserve the right to overthrow it by force . 
  that 's why i 'm against the right to bear arms . 
   essentially , a terrorist organization . 
  they call themselves patriots and obama the tyrant . 
  you see them as terrorists ( i call them whackjobs ) but they see themselves as a militia fully endorsed by the constitution . 
  do you see where i 'm pointing at ? 
  if smart people have guns it 's ok , but dumbasses like this got a right to buy a whatever they want and this is the flaw ... idiots have a say too , and in the us they think they have a right to say it by force and shooting . 
  i 'd say the balkans in general . 
  most of the western world had human rights traditions for centuries , while most islamic countries had them for a lot shorter period of time . 
  imposing the same measuring standard is not fair . 
  countries ca n't be compared this easily , by a list . 
  i 've been forced to defend countries that do n't respect human rights , that do n't have the freedom of press and have a low standard of living . 
  this is not what i 'm trying to do here , i 'm trying to get the whole islam argument out of the question . 
  islam is not the cause of this , it 's the result . 
  there 's too much history involved for you or any other person to slap a `` oh they 're muslim '' sticker on the issue . 
  how much do you make a month ? 
  please , just humour me . 
  well if you 're right then millions of non-turks who think that it should enter the eu are wrong . 
  when i say millions i mean about 30 % of eu citizens ( if we believe eurobarometer ) which is a * lot * . 
  it seems to me that you 're from a fairly major european country and just scared of the possibility that 80 million turks become a part of eu . 
  i 'm not sure about letting them in , but this :, 
   to claim it 's part european is , as i 've been saying , equivalent to claim the united kingdom is part south american . 
  ... out of the question . 
  presidents of the usa , anyone ? 
  a couple of relatives from the us came for a visit a few years ago . 
  we took them to the finest restaurants and all they wanted to eat were cheap cevapcici . 
  yes , they 're that good . 
  god damnit , just think for 5 seconds what you want to eat before placing the order . 
  then say what you want to eat . 
  pay for it . 
  recieve your food . 
  gtfo . 
  what the hell is the problem ? 
  i never worked at a mcdonalds but i do n't get it how people do n't have the minimum amount of grey matter to properly order their food . 
  i 'm not from the us , but grayson 's ad caught my attention some while ago . 
  [ case closed ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6w3l--s9wgo ), 
  i just wan na know who killed jfk . 
  maybe the trainspotting method ? 
  locking yourself in a room with everything you need ( well , except alcohol ) and sleeping/eating/jerking it off . 
  i do n't know what it 's like , but i would go with this method if i had an addiction . 
  democracy is incredibly flawed , capitalism even more . 
  brainstorming . 
  yes , it gets on everyones nerves , but you ca n't even realize how iritanting it is outside of the us . 
   qualification : studied in france for a year , observed best friend and her boyfriend ( both french ) in dating context . 
  we should start doing this in all wall-o-text posts . 
  you 're my favourite troll . 
  opening scene of [ trainspotting ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vmzabvkzrzi ), 
  ending scene of [ fight club ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xkuav9gzduk ) ( i fucking ** love ** pixies ), 
  ending scene of [ hair ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8rxsxvl_gry ) ( if you do n't shed a tear , you 're not human ), 
  the french are generally an exception to that rule . 
  those are african african . 
  like the original africans . 
  i 'd actually like that . 
  they ca n't do a worse job than 190 governments are doing now . 
  they are , at least where i live . 
  you have to go to a test every 5 or 6 years where your licence is extended , and i think the maximum is 75 or 80 years of age . 
  josie long is n't only funny but cute . 
  i do n't think they 're rude or something , but the language thing ... 
  they are known to arrogant regarding their language . 
  y' know , lingua franca and all that . 
  i did n't say i know what the alternative is , but some people think the capitalist market can sort itself , and everything , out . 
  unfortuneatly we 'll never get another thing like a communist revolution that will change the way this crooked system works . 
  that 's why i learned it from cartoon network and cnn ( the international edition is great ) . 
  well i know english and if i have the need to get it on a higher level i can always get some lessons . 
  but with french ...
