  greece homicide rate is 1.5 per 100k population . 
  all the countries of yugoslavia when averaged have 1.7 . 
  chicago has 15.2 and detroit 48.2 . 
  so are you going to admit talking out of your ass ? 
  excellent work . 
  zero statistics about current crime rates from a person who was n't here in 15 years . 
  the war ended 20 years ago but feel free to impose that . 
  this is the most canadian thing i 've ever heard . 
  super oblik na\u0161e zemlje . 
  got it . 
  is n't there a meme like that on / r/anarchy ? 
  nobody can define it or something ? 
  that 's just because of the southern redneck stereotype . 
  when people say texas they mean alabama or mississippi . 
  excellent post . 
  one minor point though :, 
   smoking is permitted in nearly all public places . 
  there 's been some confusion about some newer laws and smoking is n't permitted everywhere . 
  it 's been banned in public places like bus stations or any government office and now you can smoke only in special smoking area parts of restaurants and most cafes . 
  larger cafes/bars have smoking and non-smoking areas . 
  also , latest data shows that 40 % of males and 30 % of females smoke . 
  so there 's that . 
  [ relevant ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qefxakhwxxe ) . 
  huh . 
  i do n't remember them looking like that in the original cartoon . 
  koji je to fallacy ? 
  i ca n't wrap my mind around the idea that any street in my city would be unsafe any time of day or night . 
  there was a mini series that had the same basic concept , maybe `` agency '' or something like that . 
  it was ok . 
  one million . 
  central europe . 
  rip, 
  that is common but not the rule . 
  in some ways more than washington dc . 
  \u0160ipan near dubrovnik is a very nice island , there were n't many tourists there a few years ago , unlike lopud . 
  ah , the good old days . 
  shocked i say . 
  hvala . 
  frende uspori !, 
  ima\u0161 krivog tipa za to . 
  i did the zagreb - nice route a few years ago and in the end just took a car . 
  any other way would be hella expensive or complicated . 
  http://www.viamichelin.com and google maps are your best friends . 
  northern italy is one of the best connected regions in europe , but unfortunately i could n't give you estimates on the duration and price since i stopped about a dozen times during the journey . 
  the roads are good , there are plenty of resting stops and you do n't need anything except your passport . 
  the route from the italian border into france is wonderful . 
  damn !, 
  shit !, 
  that is whack !, 
  / lsd, 
  is n't houston a massive sprawl where you have plenty of place to build anything ? 
  drake is the type of nigga who does n't use the word nigga . 
  buzzfeed is a wonderful site . 
  they get money and views on `` what 90 's serial killer gif cute animal character in friends are you '' but they make serious journalistic pieces and generally have a good news section as well . 
  super . 
  a blockade is an act of war and an embargo is something russia would consider as one . 
  make up your mind people . 
  i love how they show california in mad men . 
  it 's like another planet where people are lazy , laid back hippies and no work gets done without the east coast . 
  at least it 's like that around season three where i 'm currently stuck . 
  thought this was a world of goo screenshot . 
  to je non-issue kod nas . 
  edit : tipfeler . 
  / shameless plug, 
  it 's old as dirt but there are new improved versions that are up to nato standards and are working fine . 
  croatia just got a modernized batch . 
  elektronike i takvih stvari , danas je manje-vi\u0161e sve slobodno : http://www.amazon.co.uk/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeid=201337930 . 
  holy shit . 
  knew it . 
   ( i 've never been inside a croatian house with a smoke alarm inside - it 's either missing , or disabled so people can smoke indoors ), 
  it 's not a regulation , we do n't require it . 
  imamo strukturalne probleme ali mi smo do 2009 . po\u0161teno napredovali . 
  super community , nagradne igre , recenzije . 
  it 's inconclusive in croatia , the current government is pushing a law that would enable gay marriages in anything but name and adoption . 
  wow , i remember when reddit took about the same amount of traffic with less employees that got hired today . 
   why do they all fly together ? 
  did they ? 
  this flight contained two ministers , one of which was also a deputy prime minister . 
  the pm , president and politburo members were n't on it . 
  what is the relevance of your statement ? 
  everything should be taken with a grain of salt . 
  hundreds of magazines and newspapers did the same , the economist almost immediately criticized how it was fought and you can call them a lot of things , but `` shit '' is n't one of the things . 
  it 's probably the best magazine in the english speaking world . 
  same thing in zagreb , croatia . 
  just smaller . 
  does anyone remember bozarking and his [ glourious ] ( http://imgur.com/v6f3w ) comments ? 
  four years ago holy shit . 
  bbb \u0161ora . 
  feel free to enlighten me . 
  edit :, 
  lol , ur dumb, 
   po meni su ti croatia airlines i british airways najbolja opcija, 
  buzzfeed gets money with dumb quizzes precisely so they can finance good journalism . 
  a model for our age . 
  do you have a source on that ? 
  last i heard was that serbia more than 10 times the flooded area croatia has . 
  drago mi je . 
  what ? 
  a lot of rain caused sava to spill out and flood villages in southern slavonia . 
  that 's it .
