   if this legislation effectively removes features from phones , that 's going to really suck . 
  it does n't . 
  apple can still use their dock connector if they want , but have to provide a micro-usb one as well . 
  reading some of the responses from other eastern european countries makes me think that yugoslavia was n't as bad as some people say it was . 
  yes , we had less political freedoms and the war did ruin everything , but we lived well damnit . 
   american idiot was an incredible album . 
  yes it fucking was , but people would rather lose their breath to bitch about how they were better before , than recognize that the album was great . 
  yes , it 's not punk and it is overproduced and very * very * mainstream , but its messages , the story and great melodies made it really great . 
  i 'm sure that it influenced kids who grew up with it to move further into punk , rock and alternative music . 
  jack is great in the show , probably the best character . 
  but dr. spaceman takes the crown here , almost every line is golden . 
  overproducing is killing modern rock . 
  thanks , i had no idea . 
  somebody was surprised by that ? 
  this is the latest diplomatic offensive by abbas . 
  as the peace process is stalling and israel is becoming more and more difficult to work with , even some european countries are threatening to recognize palestine in its 1967 borders . 
  the problem is whether the eu will form its own stance on this , us pressure , economic pressure ... 
  i heard they can make cowboy hats with fireworks now . 
  not only is this expensive to import , but food is generally cheaper in the us . 
  not op , but i 'm wondering how easy it is to learn the ukulele ? 
  the guitar has a little too thick neck for my hand and it hurts to play , not to mention the fact that my cheap guitar gets off tune in a second . 
  1976 man ... 
  since then we worked with more black people than eminem . 
  almost any modern cellphone can go online , no need for it to be a smartphone . 
  joke 's on you , [ tsundere ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tsundere ) is described on wikipedia too . 
  so the article is n't interesting because it is four months old ? 
  i 'm not saying it is good or bad , but it certainly does bring up a point which is n't tied to the month it was written or published in . 
  hope it hits torrents soon . 
  independence is n't based on the number of population , but their right to self determination . 
  / from a country of 4,5 milion , the size of virginia . 
  defend the old city wall !, 
  for mother russia !, 
  for the union !, 
  every month i get depressed for a week when i stay in bed , drink , and watch everything charlie brooker made . 
  i got even more depressed when i saw xthemusic disappear so i had to download screenwipe and others from thebox.bz . 
  glad to see you 're back , that channel means a lot to me . 
  it 's on [ youtube ] ( http://www.youtube.com/zthemusic ) as well , but thanks for the link . 
  i 'm guessing four seasons of community college and then a spin off that will suck . 
  i 'm cool with that , make the four seasons great and i 'll forgive them anything . 
  for every frasier we get a hundred joeys and cleveland shows . 
  now that i 've checked , it 's more like iowa . 
  i 'm a little shocked at this ... 
  cops ? 
  punishment ? 
  is this the norm in the us ? 
  people in europe are less prone to moving , the eu makes it easier , but there is still a language to learn , culture to adopt , new people and new habits . 
  in countries like spain and italy many people do n't move out , ever , and a lot of homes have three generations in it . 
  i 'm very jealous that you still have n't had the `` holy shit '' moment when you first hear loveless . 
  cherish it . 
  make the mood . 
  play it . 
  believe the hype . 
  i 'm disappointed by the lack of community references . 
  go human beings !, 
  fitness evolved ? 
  it almost convinced me to buy kinect . 
  i had it for a review and dance central was great . 
  showed me that kinect had potential . 
  i 'm pretty sure microsoft will eventually release some sort of hardware accessory becuse only movement just is n't enough for some games . 
  me too , but then again i do n't have much keeping me where i am now . 
  a plumber once did an ama where he said that pissing in the sink is a bad idea . 
  i do n't remember the reason why and it did n't stop me from doing it , though . 
  you think it 's about saving water ... ? 
  too bad uwe is insane . 
  and born in germany . 
  i use a dynamic ip and clean my cookies regularly . 
  the have no idea who i am , except my country , which does n't do them much good . 
  you mean gay bar ? 
  [ wake up you 're asleep at the whell ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=at_zduhdcro ) by the bloodhound gang . 
  he 's manly as hell . 
  only the manliest men could pull off being gay and dressing as a woman and still rock a manly mustache like that . 
  cuts through the bullshit ? 
  and then you post a [ youtube ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y6isk_4xsc8 ) link on some videospam site ? 
  the allies had zero combat deaths so it was n't a full blown war . 
  edit : i was comparing it to the modern wars . 
  the 1999 campaign that lasted three months ca n't possibly be compared to two ground wars that last 7 and 9 years . 
  stilesjp was contrasting the situation then to the situation today in the us . 
  if you want to compare over 7000 us deaths in two wars , one counting 9 years and the other 7 with a three month air campaign it is fair to say that one was a limited military involvment and the other two were full invasions and wars . 
  being from the former yugoslavia ( and lived through a war ) , of course i 'm not suggesting that it was a light war or that casulties on one side do n't matter - a war is a war and deaths are deaths , but in context of op 's post it is fair to say that the 1999 air campaign on yugoslavia did n't strain the us as later wars did . 
  i think we just had a misunderstanding . 
  what 's wrong with camden ? 
  / recent tourist, 
  should we talk about the weather ? 
  should we talk about the government ? 
  [ r.e.m - pop song 89 ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oqjowszqh_4 ), 
  in the part of europe where i live , if you ask someone how is it going today , you 'll hear how the hell it has been going , and then multiplied by a misery coefficient of 10 . 
  ca n't help but read the name in [ gary 's voice ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gknonjcyrcu ) from only fools and horses . 
  i want to go home one day and participate in a community-style paintball tournament . 
  god damn , modern warfare was the best episode i 've seen . 
  religious and inspired by religion is different . 
   david, 
  when the site goes down , every admin of project reddit has a name . 
  i have a feeling some subreddit is trolling the general population . 
  not since my creative zen : m 60 gb died . 
  anyone who had one of those knows that there is n't an mp3 player that can replace it . 
  this is raftiiing !, 
  looks pretty cool , about the thing that might get me to buy an android tablet . 
  i 've tried a couple of them and outside of surfing in the living room did n't really find a purpose for them . 
  it 's like they are trying to bridge between my laptop and phone , but the thing is that my phone does all of this stuff well enough , although on a smaller screen . 
  having just watched high fidelity for the hundredth time , this seems very appropriate .
