  you all think you 're special with the final countdowns and safety dances , but i have the shitty [ never gon na give your teen spirit mix ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nn75im_us4k ) in my head for a couple of days . 
  my mind keeps rickrolling me . 
  i have a feeling every post is getting downvoted automatically these days , good or bad . 
  how you are on minus 1 i do n't know . 
  and thousands of other events . 
  people , this is a short and moderatly accurate description of wwii , not the great encyclopedia . 
   to my knowledge the only ones of those who worked in any large number for the germans were the serbs . 
  ( edit : my error , it was the croatians , not the serbs . 
  the serbs were fighting for russia . ), 
  not really . 
  both serbs and croats had units collaborating with the axis and the resistance . 
  btw , the resistance was the only really massive one which made a real difference in europe . 
  you 're not wrong , but not exactly right . 
  since the very start of the war borders and nations became invalid in yugoslavia . 
  formally , ndh joined the axis and collaborated with the nazis , but on the other hand , croats started the first resistance in europe and had the largest percentage in the partisans . 
  the people were torn in half and tito 's yugoslavia and modern day croatia is made from the partisans ( check the croatian constitution ) and zavnoh . 
  the similar can be found in slovenia , serbia and macedonia ... part of the people joind the nazis and half went to the resistance . 
  so it 's wrong to mention a whole nation as black or white . 
  i disagree . 
  well , my history books had about 20 pages about the 20th century and a fourth was about the ndh and the ustashe regime . 
  serbs do n't miss the chance to mention that and other european nations do n't really have a reason to write about it since everyone of them had loads of things happening at the same time . 
  but i 'm talking about school books , in regular books this is well documented and goes to our shame pretty often . 
  just a simple cms for my personal site , just something in the lines of cutenews to practice and play around with . 
  learn the beautiful ways of wifi . 
  was there a black guy , really tall with big muscles , wearing a funny hat at a weird angle ? 
  did you ask him how did he do it ? 
  how many pages did you have about wwii in your history books ? 
  every country focuses on its own history and it 's a shame things like this ( and rape of nanking , bombing of dresden etc ) are not mentioned . 
   you know , / b / , when you 're not dickin around for the fun of it , you are intensely awesome , benevolent and capable ... 
  i only wish we tapped into that a little more often . 
  scary ... 
  nationalized healthcare does n't exclude a private one . 
  for example , my dad has state insurance but his company pays for some of the stuff like general exams twice a year at a private clinic . 
  dental care is also free , but you can get it at a private dental clinic if you want - and the state pays for it . 
  you pay only for special stuff and get the tax back if you want . 
  edit : i forgot to mention , i 'm in croatia . 
  the hold steady - boys and girl in america, 
  the who - tommy, 
  fugazi - 13 songs, 
  the white stripes - elephant, 
  bonus : grinderman - grinderman and nomeansno - dance of the headless bourgeoisie, 
  it 's very hard to pick your top 5 or 10 , many people are , like me , very connected to music and feel stupid for excluding one album and writing down another . 
  only the white stripes are among my favourite artists , although most of them are high on my last.fm ( user/rospaya2 ) . 
  while most of the music i listen to is listed by songs , there albums are tied together and need to be listened to the way the artist made it . 
  [ oh ... crap ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/music/comments/93uxw/what_are_your_top_5_favourite_albums/c0bbyar ), 
  i 'm usually all for linking directly to the content , but in this case maybe it could 've been better if you linked at a download page . 
  yes , he was in the croatian parliament and if i recall correctly , he gave every months salary to a house for orphans . 
  again , iirc , he was quite progressive and smart . 
  i 'm surprised he has a good sense of humor , a charity side and some a side for politics , all while ** kicking ass **, 
  in croatia popular artist and people who are considered important in promoting culture get free housing and are relieved of some taxes . 
  unfortuneatly , this is mostly for artists who present themselves to the housing council in a great light so many people who deserve them do n't get them and faux artist use the apartments for years and use the mess to exploit that right too the maximum . 
  this is just pure crap . 
  i know there was a lot of propaganda on this subject and communism was equalised with nazism , but there are some things that need to stay clear here :, 
  unlike fascism , communism is not evil in its roots . 
  it does n't propagate hate or violence towards anyone and is mostly focused on economy , politics and society . 
  being a communist or believing in its principles is nothing wrong , while it 's not really sane in todays world . 
  it 's one thing that the communist regimes did , and it should be seperated from the ideals of it that are in essence noble . 
  we ca n't judge an ideology by the bad behavior of governments and people who pledged on it . 
  on a side note , being in the communist party was common in some countries . 
  i forgot the stats , but i believe that over 50 % of the male adult population of yugoslavia was in it . 
  so was my dad ... 
  he told me how he got in , and a gym membership seems complicated today . 
  he lost his membership documents and forgot about it quickly . 
  he traveled half of europe while being a member as well as the us , uk and israel . 
  except for lost luggage , no problems . 
  [ you got ta fight , for your right , to sciiiiieeencee ] ( http://imgur.com/n58df.jpg ), 
  i agree with you and find it sad that this is getting downvoted . 
  we can argue about this until tomorrow , but religion is and will be a large part of our lives . 
  when i say religion i mean aspects of it , not our personal faith . 
  such a class should teach students about all of the major religions and their beliefs , as with old religions and historical faiths . 
  atheism and agnosticism should be taught as well . 
  a class like this should be strictly educational and made to teach kids about something that will is important to know . 
  you do n't have to worship jesus to know about the belief of ressurection ( something that is mentioned a lot in films , magazines and other media forms , not strictly with religious conotations ) , the same way you do n't have to be a nazi to learn about nazism . 
  more info here : http://www.javno.com/en-croatia/stray-locomotive-nearly-hits-rescue-worker_272118, 
  i was nearby when the accident happened , but did n't see this footage until the evening news . 
  the train was coming to the rescue but fell out of the rails because of its high speed or some other fault . 
  fortuneatly , nobody was injured in the second accident . 
  more info here : http://www.javno.com/en-croatia/stray-locomotive-nearly-hits-rescue-worker_272118, 
  i was nearby when the accident happened , but did n't see this footage until the evening news . 
  the train was coming to the rescue but fell out of the rails because of its high speed or some other fault . 
  fortuneatly , nobody was injured in the second accident . 
  i posted the wrong video , i 'm sorry . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/wtf/comments/94h2i/there_was_a_terrible_train_accident_in_croatia/ ) is the new , correct submission . 
  a certain [ kellogg ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/will_keith_kellogg ) was a big supporter of eugenics . 
  that 's just one of the theories . 
  i agree , but you should n't blame the uploader , but rtl television which recorded the thing and probably uploaded it originally that way . 
  in their defence , the whole line was closed and the only thing they were expecting was the repair train , at a really smaller speed . 
  what 's the correct measurement ? 
  it 's actually very simple , not really related to all the philosophical stuff other people have . 
  i was raised as a catholic in a 85 % roman catholic country . 
  being baptised was a tradition thing , not a religious ... people mostly believed in god but hated the church , priests and going to church . 
  my parents too . 
  anyway , somewhere before my confirmation i decided i do n't believe in that crap anymore . 
  but did my sacraments , and i did n't enter a church after that for reasons other than marriages , funerals and tourism . 
  i really liked cartoon network and characters like dexter and johnny bravo were my childhood cartoons , as a kid i liked shiny stuff too , so the products that were in commercials between cartoons had to be mine . 
  my parents are n't the kind of people that would buy any crap for a kid to be happy , so some kind of rat warriors were out of the question . 
  so , i prayed one night that they appear behind a closet in the morning and decided that the whole god thing was dumb if my rat toys were n't there . 
  they were n't there and i called myself an atheist after that . 
  my sarcasm meter is broken . 
  i used that , but another good trick is using one of those shovel-like thingies used to pick up small trash to collect all the pieces .
