  would n't live anywhere else . 
  who else lives 20 minutes outside the center and has grapes , apples and berries in his backyard ? 
  [ correct !, 
  i 'm getting tickets for the local premiere , but i do n't think i will edit this . 
  it has to be over the fucking top good to even consider anything but pulp fiction . 
  it 's funny , i saw this picture hundreds of times but never thought it was a real person in it ... 
  when i saw it on 4chan it was usually titled : `` the perfect woman '' or something like that . 
  wow internet , you scary !, 
  do you have the urge to kill the prime minister of malaysia ? 
  this is oddly arousing . 
   me : i put on my robe and wizard hat, 
  i live my life in hope for two things : being called `` dude '' and using the quoted line in a conversation with a 13 year old girl in a chatroom . 
  hipsters-r-us ? 
   is there more to life than being really , really , really , really , really , ridiculously good looking ? 
  ftfy, 
  edit : spelling, 
  - having to write 5 pages about a trivial thing that i could n't write more that half a page about . 
  - trying to explain to a superior why we need to review device x , why is y big news . 
  - having a shitty deadline and needing to work for 20 hours in a row or having a device to review only for a day . 
  - getting a shitty device from a company i usually like or a nice pr person . 
  in that cases i write the truth but in a nice tone . 
  crap , i was n't thinking . 
  i consider myself told . 
  i thought it 's obvious i 'm an it journalist . 
  thanks , but i was thinking more like lebowski . 
  being called like that every day ... 
  the zagreb zoo has this for years , even a cage where you can get in for a photo . 
  here 's a [ photo ] ( http://tinyurl.com/mmr5r4 ) i found of some guy in the cage . 
  it 's the thought that counts ... 
  everything is [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/9dbqy/iama_it_journalist_in_a_magazine_we_are_not_all/ ) in my wildly popular ama . 
  currently i 'm focusing on a magazine , but i 've also written for a bunch of web sites , some local , some pretty well known . 
  i 'd rather not use names . 
  whoa , the last time i used it with my zen it was a mess ... looks good now . 
  thanks . 
  i always thought i do n't like sf . 
  star trek , galactica , alien ... avoided them all . 
  but looking at this list , i watched and loved most of them . 
  slayer - raining blood . 
  yes , i am that hardcore . 
  also , the 19 minute version of diamond sea by sonic youth . 
   watch sex and the city, 
  now that 's your problem . 
  it 's awesome , but i like the one in [ november rain ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bwu7ixmqk0c#t=7m23s ) better . 
  i often have weird dreams of being hunted by a mass of people . 
  think the first 5 minutes of 28 weeks later ... also , war . 
  not the us perception of war ( being shipped thousands of miles from home , voluntarily ) , but being attacked in your home , having your country invaded . 
  i had similar nightmares since i was a kid . 
  about fucking time . 
  now only if comic sans use would provoke a capital punishment ... 
  crap ... you know you watch too much porn when you remember even guys names . 
  it 's keiran lee , not kierian . 
  `` it 's just like , your opinion man '', 
  reminds me of an ad i saw on a local forum the other day ... a guy was offering around $ 1000 for a memory card he lost on a street . 
  he mentioned it was of enormous value for him and price is not an issue . 
  after laughing because a $ 1000 seems like the right price for a sony memory stick pro duo , i wondered what the hell was so important that he would give one months pay for something like that . 
  i had an `` awwww '' moment when i saw puma 's twitter ( accidentaly , i 'm not a twatter ! ) . 
  it was full of '' @keiranlee i love you xoxo '' crap . 
  can someone explain this to me ? 
  i like statistics and graphs but absolutely suck at math . 
  not everyone on reddit lives in the us , and that 's why i mentioned `` one months pay '' . 
  the average monthly income in croatia is something over a 1000 bucks . 
  i could just downvote you , but here goes :, 
   when will opera get a customizable toolbar that does n't revert every startup ? 
  mine does n't . 
   how about a decent help system ? 
  just to load 4 tabs on startup i need to go to 3 different locations within the browser ? 
  make a session and make it the default startup . 
  that 's it . 
   when will opera not sit there with an hourglass loading one image taking a long time ( as it did just now on portal.opera.com ) ? 
  does n't happen to me . 
   when will i get plug-ins that give me 100x more functionality out of any browser alone ? 
  web , e-mail , irc , torrent client and more in a package smaller than firefox and you 're complaining ? 
  opera has a lot more features built in then firefox , or other competition , you can check [ this ] ( http://my.opera.com/rijk/blog/2006/07/04/top-150-popular-firefox-extensions-and-opera ) if you like . 
   i ca n't browse the net without greasemonkey scripts , period . 
  opera supports them . 
   if you do n't have the same scripts , do n't bother presenting a browser to me . 
  lucky for us every surfer is the same as you . 
   opera : fast , and that is great . 
  but firefox : faster than all with plugins . 
  the last versions of firefox are more bloatware on installation than opera with voice and other plugins . 
  mostly nothing , kids are really afraid of me . 
  even when walking on the street , kids pretend they 're looking on the clock , or tying shoe laces so i would pass by . 
  i do n't think it 's plastered all over the net , but the service is being used as a distribution platform , and it 's easier to find someone dealing the goods and getting it . 
  i doubt that there are cp websites the same way as there are porn websites . 
  10 years since kosovo , 15 since bosnia and croatia . 
  ... and bnp , jean-marie le pen , joerg haider ... ok , scratch the last one . 
  the thing is all of them are marginal and do n't have much influence over daily politics . 
  when they do n't fade away , like milosevic did n't , then we have a problem . 
  forgot about the us led nato campaign already ? 
  everyone stops glenn beck allegedly raping and murdering a girl on their first time . 
  actually , this is just half of the story . 
  i know people who knew him pretty well and the stories i 've heard are just incredible . 
  i live in a country where education is free , school book were until this year , we have universal healthcare . 
  the torpedo , ballpoint pen , tie and parachute were invented here . 
  i live in a country that had a quarter of its territory occupied 15 years ago . 
  not to piss on someones parade , but most people i 've talked to in serbia about this agree that it was nothing more than a lucky blind shot . 
  anything else is propaganda . 
  we were occupied by france in the napoleon ages , so no . 
  not france , not a french territory . 
  whoever is damaged by this is probably brain damaged , too .
