   woops , thanked a soldier on left leaning reddit , now i get down voted . 
  nah , i downvoted this one because it 's whiny . 
  when you have to build for thousands of people really fast , these are better than slums . 
  nata\u0161a srdo\u010d , long time no see . 
  the average ram size may be going up , but more people are using tablets and laptops . 
  your 16 gigs are well beyond the average user . 
  fala . 
  [ \u0160anse da itko od njih ode na mars : 0 ] ( https://medium.com/matter/all-dressed-up-for-mars-and-nowhere-to-go-7e76df527ca0 ), 
  i appreciate you linking to it but the mobile wikipedia is really easier on the eyes , even on desktop . 
  edit : what did i do ? 
  a lot of the questions here would best be served by http://www.reddit.com/r/academicbiblical/, 
  as a z3 compact owner , i am disappointed by this chart . 
  solid stuff ... until the trilateral commission and the council on foreign affairs . 
  as someone who ca n't use all the freakin ' large phones it 's not the greatest , it 's the only one . 
  kul stvar ali na narod.hr je to reklama za konzervativnu stranku . 
  it 's interesting that most of the slovenians i came across think that we know the language but refuse to use it or something . 
  personally , i know maybe four people that speak slovenian . 
  well that and nick & norah 's infinite playlist was cute . 
  a solid part of csi : las vegas was good . 
  very good . 
  do n't miss the cunk segment and zeb is just too close for comfort . 
  american cities are so easy to spot . 
  the cbd/sprawl combo is interesting . 
  what 's the name of the whole doc ? 
  found it https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=obitcuh7dru, 
  tnx , wikipedia . 
  he 's talking about the chetniks and other royalists , confusing them with partisans . 
  if you ignore cif , guardian is fairly balanced . 
  the best thing about this article is the fact that the author is aware of his limitations and , unlike almost all other conspiracy theorists , is n't a true believer who is absolutely sure that his story is the right one . 
  entertaining and intriguing , but hard to buy . 
  so about as walkable as today . 
  additionally , i would n't eat anything out of the po . 
  can confirm . 
  edit : cock o'clock gentlemen . 
  i have extensive experience drinking in croatia but i 've never seen this . 
  if you find out do tell . 
  it 's not that wwii was n't awful ( ca n't believe i just wrote this ... ) but if you were n't of a certain race , religion or nationality , you would n't have the need to run to the woods to escape the nazis . 
  my family lived through the nazi occupation and while it sucked they still went to school , worked and had access to healthcare . 
  all of it was degraded and food was rationed but a typical middle class family would suffer starvation or death only in case of nazi reprisals for partisan action , being jewish/roma/etc or combat . 
  do you have a link about the gallup thing ? 
  i 've found a few canons in the croatian version of craigslist , they go for around 200 euros . 
  sorry , i was n't clear enough . 
  craigslist exists but i was talking about other classifieds . 
  njuskalo.hr and oglasnik.hr both have a lot of stuff on them but you may need some help from a local or google translate . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://www.njuskalo.hr/dslr-fotoaparati ) the dslr section on njuskalo . 
  in case anyone is confused ( and i 'm seeing confusing comments ) , barbara is a college student , not highschool . 
  ctrl+f `` kid '' and then you 'll see how many people are underestimating her age . 
  drank in public literally a thousand times and had zero problems about it . 
  what 's a war in this case ? 
  israel could bomb iran and iran * might * bomb israel but what would be attacked , what would be the end game ? 
  yup , i got it from there . 
  it 's a shitty case and i managed to break it while assembling . 
  only good for basic protection against dust . 
  i agree . 
  in the end i 'll build a lego case like everyone else . 
  could be snatch as well . 
  lists numbering whole artistic outputs are inherently flawed , but it 's a solid way to get into bands you have n't heard of . 
  god , i can smell axe , corona and sexual desperation over the jpg . 
  \u010covjek nije otok i ne mo\u017ee\u0161 se izolirati od onoga \u0161to as \u010deka a gotovo je sigurno da * it will get worse before it gets better * . 
  i got asked the same question a few years ago and just said `` something american . '', 
  i got a baseball shirt and it 's sweet . 
   there is not good vs bad here , and we are incredibly biased here, 
  call me biased and dumb but having soldiers occupy a peninsula and then conduct a non-monitored referendum is * kinda * bad . 
  russian troops were stationed at their bases , before starting to * go on vacation * around the whole place , besieging legitimate ukrainian government and military installations . 
  long before the referendum . 
  you remember the referendum , the one that was n't conducted by armed men and was properly monitored by international observers ? 
  oops . 
  the quarterly un polls gave annexation about 60 % of the vote which passed with 96 % , much like elections in russia . 
  if a group of iranian members of parliament sent the us a message that contradicts their leadership , we 'd be reading about this as if it was a coup . 
  starbucks bi bio prepun ali model je pao na testu kad je costa coffee propao . 
  i reckon you 're a fan of engdahl 's the century of war . 
  to je bit . 
  super . 
  good writeup . 
  ostalgie is n't that unusual , most eastern european societies have a dose of nostalgia that is only partly related to socialism and , for instance , full employment and more to their own formative years . 
  the 90 's democratic transition and 2008 crisis were tough on most of the region . 
  `` there are two novels that can transform a bookish 14-year-kid 's life : the lord of the rings and atlas shrugged . 
  one is a childish daydream that can lead to an emotionally stunted , socially crippled adulthood in which large chunks of the day are spent inventing ways to make real life more like a fantasy novel . 
  the other is a book about orcs . '', 
  it 's ironic that we have massive beautiful screens , touch input and powerful hardware yet do n't have a massive strategy game to use it all . 
  i 'm imagining playing a modern version of red alert 2 or rise of nations on my yoga or a ms surface . 
  zato ! '' . 
  loads of arab royalty were trained or raised in the uk and would convincingly fake an accent . 
  [ evo i fotke ] ( http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:soko_g-2_galeb_\u0160pansko.jpg ), 
  in most balkan countries english is compulsory in all schools . 
  i * had * to learn it from age 6 to 20 . 
  depending on the education path you take most of those years you have to take up another language as well . 
  most people take german , french or italian . 
  this is n't correct and i 'm surprised to see the standard reddit kneejerk reply in this subreddit . 
  streets are n't funded by central governments but by local ones and european countries collect more taxes than the us so they simply have money to spend on infrastructure that 's used by all . 
  us cities are too often segregated by not only income or race but also usage patterns - walkability is rarely a priority . 
  i 'm not completely sure but i think it 's mostly british english . 
  most of my generation learned the language over cartoon network and friends so american prevails . 
  kog je to tito genocidirao ? 
  is it true that norway has shitty roads because of the weather ? 
  and they 're probably pissed triglav is n't here . 
  nato nuclear sharing je super . 
  klasi\u010dna slavenska , ne vidim neki problem . 
  what are your interests ? 
  i did n't want to be a downer but the holocaust memorial was really impressive and the jewish museum has a very creepy room that 's supposed to emulate the feeling of emptiness in a death camp .
