  and nobody was surprised by that statement . 
  excuse my ignorance ... what 's a farmers market ? 
  i have an idea , but i 'm not sure if i got it right . 
  he was in my city around a month ago but i had to work ... 
  i 'm kicking myself over it . 
  that 's how i found them , there 's a collage of cobain 's favourite bands on what.cd . 
  i downloaded it all and it was great music . 
  daydream nation and rather ripped . 
  after that ... 
  sister and bad moon rising . 
  i think i 'd cum listening to that . 
  i heard bob 's a good guy , is it true ? 
  massive upvote for the last two albums . 
  argh !, 
  missed a great pun opportunity there . 
  i was a victim of it . 
  did n't lose any money , and i 'm sure my company did n't either . 
  edit : wow , reddit , -2 ? 
  not a single nick cave ? 
  symbian s60 really does it best . 
  i made this video more than two years ago just to prove that multitasking does n't have to be resource heavy just because the user can control his apps by himself . 
  this is n't even a high end phone . 
  that 's what i thought . 
  it 's pretty standard in europe , where i live every city has a couple of farmers markets where people buy 90 % of their fruit/vegetables . 
  it 's hundreds of years old , nothing new about it . 
  that would be regarded as corruption where i live . 
  ( and i have a strange feeling people on reddit wo n't see it like that ), 
   good call , you brit !, 
  please , i think limey is the proper nomenclature . 
  was the flagpole sitta thing you guys ? 
  i loved that one because it made me remember the song again . 
  is that you in the video ? 
  i was kidding , being a croat i know what happened , 
  i do n't want to go to toronto . 
  saw it once a long time ago ( mind you ... internet time ) and did n't find it funny . 
  shit shit shit shit i 've got ta wait until the morning to get some money on my debit card , these are probably the only games i care about made in the last 5 years ( except world in conflict ) . 
  you * are * a developer . 
  lots of people who do it as a hobby are lured into it and quitting their jobs . 
  i do n't see that he 's wrong , except that sms is the most powerful messaging service . 
  europeans were n't really into blackberry from the start and it started up because e-mail is better , but he is n't watching this from a personal perspective , but business . 
  if the last sentence is true , he has a big point . 
  it 's not a fixed limit , i 'd rather have 50 good apps but that i can easily find them than 500 good apps buried in a pile of shit . 
  i 'm very picky and usually do n't like micromanaging , but i like wic because they made it just the way i dig games - modern weapons , excellent graphics , almost no resources , but the story sold me , i 'm a sucker for cold war . 
  also favourites : early red alert and c&c , rise of nations , defcon , sudden strike and blitzkrieg . 
  i hate fantasy so no starcraft . 
  it will be on sale again , i do n't doubt it . 
  * breathing again *, 
  incidentally , the former record holder for the number of aces and the wimbledon record for most aces in the tournament both live in my town . 
  `` let us pray in the living room '', 
  back then when bill was president more people liked the us than any time since wwii . 
   i hate to tell you , but george w. bush is probably amazing to hang out with as well . 
  heard this a million times and i really do n't think so . 
  he always acted like an unbearable privileged asshole . 
  there are ( at least ) two budweisers . 
  one is the czech budweiser ( good ) and the other one is the us budweiser ( argh ) . 
  never saw anyone drink the american budweiser in europe . 
   as such , this enforces ultra-nationalism and religious `` purity '' ... for example , secular croats have had their campaigns blasted by the catholic church and have had to defend themselves against charges of not being croat-enough . 
  unfortuneatly yes . 
  while religion was a non-issue in yugoslavia , the early 90 's nationalism rallied around religion which was one of the major demographic factors then . 
  bosniaks were lured by radical islam , but outside of radical groups and former mujahedeens , it 's not as severe as croat and serbian ties with their churches . 
   kosovo is the current hotbed of action , although i keep republika srpska in mind , too . 
  i 'm not sure i would agree . 
  serbia is slowly getting over losing kosovo and the only thing that 's left is pride , while the government and the non-radical portion of the population know that it 's a lost cause . 
  i 'm worried over the popularity the radical party has , but other than that serbia has a pro-european course that wo n't be easily distorted . 
  people on kosovo are currently just trying to survive . 
  there will be small clashes and political scandals , but no war is going to break out there , at least in my opinion . 
  republika srpska is a problem , but i blame that on milorad dodik and the international community . 
  if dodik dissapears there is a chance for peace , but this way bih is not a viable country , and neither is republika srpska . 
  unless somebody steps in and does something the situation is not going well . 
  war is probably out of the question , people are too tired and the young generations are too connected to the western lifestyle to replace a cell phone or keyboard with a gun . 
  also , there still are peacekeepers there . 
  the eu does n't have a cohesive foreign policy and does n't have a clue what to do with bih , while the us has problems of their own . 
  bosniaks do n't have much identity but have some backing from the west , serbs pursuiting republika srpska independence have very limited support from some belgrade circles and croats are the smallest ethic group in bih , and are getting further away from zagreb every year . 
  the good thing is that almost everyone on the balkans understands that economy is the way forward and everyone has plans to get into the eu . 
  that 's why i do n't think there will be war . 
  disclamer : croat here . 
  i do n't understand ... why ? 
  consession to the serbs ? 
  forced `` westernization '' ? 
  `` the swiss are doing it , why should n't we ? '', 
  kosovo is mostly secular so this was n't an issue from the start , touching subject like this can only rile up religious sentiment , something this region certainly does n't need . 
  also ... lucas arts ? 
  very cool . 
  i agree . 
  it 's very interesting to see how will apple fix this . 
  the app store is not a repository , it 's a store . 
  most people do n't come with a fixed idea what app they want , they come with the idea what they need from an app . 
  they are awesome . 
  i was on their concert in a small club a day before a massive 30 thousand people concert of u2 ( mind you , in a country of a couple of million people ) . 
  i wo n't get into the differences , but i saw first hand what stadium rock severely lacks . 
  i am so jealous . 
  good article , but i have a couple of questions . 
  - many phones do it right and without problems , why is the iphone having trouble ? 
  - what are the rules in other countries ? 
  the us was n't that big on mobile phones while europe and japan were leading the way . 
  - do cdma phones have the same problem ? 
  it would be interesting to see this question after 9/11 and with iraq . 
  events like that pump up conscription rates , and i saw more than a couple of redditors who signed up for the military in the post 9/11 madness . 
  not saying it was an inside job , but i 'm fairly sure that if it came to war there would be a convincable casus belli . 
  actually i read that bing has a couple of percentages in the search engine pie , and i 'm sure it 's more than bing being default on many computers .
