  saydrah did n't do anything against the rules , it was reddit 's moral outrage that forced her out . 
  and so what if there are ac links on reddit ? 
  do n't upvote them and that 's it . 
  everyone is free to post whatever they want . 
  and p-dub ... 
  i do n't know how that ended , but people gave him money on their own , nobody forced them . 
  that 's a personal issue with people , not the site . 
   did you see the last.fm shit storm last year ? 
  almost exactly a year ago . 
  i remember the internet collectivly sharpening their pitchforks , but many waited for a clarification just because of arrington 's reputation . 
  happy last.fm user since 2005 . 
  in the early days , some smartphones that were capable of using voip services like skype were sold at telecoms without wifi . 
  the module was disabled by software , often the drivers were deleted . 
  the same phone could be bought on the street with normal wifi . 
   you can tell your sociology prof all about your angst . 
  op is a dumbass , but please stop with this . 
  engineers are not gods . 
  how about something less radioactive ? 
  let 's not use an axe to shave . 
  i agreee , but do n't go profiling the op just because he 's a dumbass . 
  great . 
  so , everybody 's talking about nuking it , which is maybe going to get on the official schedule one day if all fails . 
  what 's the difference between using a nuclear and a conventional weapon ? 
  questioning of sexual preferences . 
  when i was a kid i saw someone using a rock to shave in a cartoon . 
  tried it once . 
  not . 
  pleasant . 
  seven has a great but certainly not happy ending . 
  i already lost a year thinking about it and now i 've got to choose what the hell to do . 
  statement of zing !, 
  what city ? 
  beer goes from 1,6 to 2,4 , pizza is from 4 ( take out , with bacon ) to 14 for a jumbo pizza in a restaurant . 
  iphones are around 200 if you know where to look , but people mostly buy them from operators , i can get one for 65 . 
  i noticed that you 're a bob dylan fan , he has a concert in zagreb on the 7th ( around 40 euros ) , and there are a lot stuff to do in zagreb during the spring . 
  that 's in euros , but depends on the city . 
  i traveled the whole country so ask me anything you 're interested in . 
  they 're all in euros . 
  yes , i love dylan and i hope i 'll be at the concert , and unfortunately it 's on the 7th of june . 
  if you 're a music fan you can check out all of the concerts [ here ] ( http://www.muzika.hr/kalendar.aspx ) , there 's a lot to see . 
  i 'm from zagreb ( born and raised ) but i travel around . 
  which rural parts are you going to ? 
  2 year contract + loyality points  i 'm actually planning to buy it and then sell to buy another phone . 
  you can get it under the counter , new , for around 240 euros . 
  anyway , if you have any questions feel free to ask , i 'll be glad to help . 
  not at all , but there are people who buy them somewhere outside of the country and sell them here for cheap . 
  you can find them on the local classifieds , call them and they come to you and sell you the phone . 
  new , in the box , with a warranty , usually around 30 % cheaper than in the store . 
  but it was brilliant . 
  it 's on tv in about the hours , i hope i 'll get work done so i can watch it again . 
  david fincher fucking rules . 
  there are a [ couple of ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/se7en#alternate_endings ) alternetive endings , but i prefer it this way . 
  do n't think so , when apple announces a product it takes about three months just to get to the market . 
  not yet here , but i guess they 'll come in the next month or so . 
  my player from 2005 could handle divx and xvid natively , and that was the least what i expected from android . 
  i 'm sick of converting the same videos over and over again , first it was figuring out what bitrate and resolution to use considering the cpu of the device i had back then , then the formats that the os supported , then consider the battery life and bugs ... fuck that . 
  it 's 2010 , i do n't want to do the same things that i did five years ago with devices that had half the memory and half the cpu power . 
  the os supports very limited video formats and codecs , that 's the problem . 
  a 3 or 4 inch display is ok to watch a show on the bus or before going to sleep . 
  i 've been doing it for years and on devices smaller and less powered than any android device out there . 
  i chose not to choose a career . 
  i hope this map will help :, 
  not really . 
  many companies make stuff in taiwan , thailand , south korea ... 
  thanks . 
  i 've got you beaten here . 
  orange spv , the first windows mobile smartphone , got out in 2004 and had a 120 mhz cpu with a 2,2 '' 176 x 220 pixel screen . 
  still have it in my drawer . 
  and on who does that depend ? 
  the people who run subreddits , so again , it 's not the community that failed , it 's individuals that decided she 's a good person for the job . 
  is that a fact ? 
  prof chomsky and dr finkelstein would like to have a word with you . 
  this could be a big blow to middle eastern relations . 
  turkey was the only muslim ally israel had , but their relations were going south ever since turkey got a conservative pro-clerical government which has a grudge against israel . 
  two ( or more ) dead turkish citizens could get their relations into a very bad state . 
  interesting ... hrvatska is the local name of croatia , so hrvatski means croat or croatian . 
  i 'm from croatia and it 's weird that i have n't heard about the guy . 
  i agree . 
  have n't slept all night so i could n't find another word for that , but you 've got the point right . 
  i go by many names so that i create the illusion that there are more than three croats online . 
  so far , so good . 
  we 're discussing internal turkish politics , it 's kinda specific and if you 're not into it you ca n't easily understand it . 
  also , you got my comment wrong . 
  i enjoyed video , surfing the web , music and apps , but damnit that was one slow phone . 
  you know ... 
  i used to do stuff like that in school . 
  one day i understood that sometimes it 's better to be pragmatic , even better than just be `` right '' . 
  open the fucking bag , you do n't have anything inside , and go your own way . 
  by not opening your bag you just entered a world of hurt for yourself and there is nothing to gain out of it except saying that you are right . 
  reading some comments , it might even end up that you were n't right , so that goes down the drain as well . 
  i got burned on this so i know what i 'm talking about . 
  these days i just shut up unless i 'm directly under attack . 
  this actually persuaded me to get some adderall . 
  nope , that 's the other guy . 
  i 'm reviewing the current eee pc tablet , the t101mt . 
  it kinda sucks , but that 's the softwares fault , not hardware . 
  stupid netbook politics are ruining the market . 
  everybody chill the fuck down !, 
  there wo n't be any war . 
  turkey is n't fond of israel since the current government is in power , but it sure as hell wo n't provoke the us with rash moves .
