  again , most of it is property and economy with a lead focus on the greater good . 
  fascism does n't shy from violence or force to get what it wants for a certain group of people . 
  imperialism and eugenics are a legitimate way to get what you want in fascism . 
  actually ... as someone from the balkans , expecting the worst from people while using public transport , i was very surprised how polite people in london are . 
  on the tube or on the streets , i 've heard `` sorry '' and `` excuse me '' for the smallest reasons . 
  over here i hear that only because i 'm kinda huge . 
  thank you very much . 
  wifi or 3g access would be sweet though . 
  i 'm from croatia and i 'm wondering what happend with the erased ( izbrisani ) ? 
  is it still a problem ? 
  do you see what happen when you fuck a stranger in the ass , warriors !, 
   go shit on somebody else 's day , dick . 
  you just proved his point . 
  shawshank redemption . 
  it 's a feelgood movie , i like it , but nothing near the masterpiece people say it is . 
  first on imdb ? 
  really overrated . 
  glad to hear it . 
  i want to thank porn as well . 
  swearing ( less ) and insulting ( more ) is killing intellect and any chance of normal conversation on reddit . 
  i 'm not on aegean 's side , but your reaction is a bit too much . 
  as i said , i like the movie , but it really is overrated . 
  it brings absolutely nothing new or special . 
  it 's just a normal story , normal characters and normal ... everything . 
  as i said , it 's a feelgood movie , sort of like forrest gump ( which many hate and many love ) but unlike it shawshank redemption does n't do anything to be different from a horde of similar movies . 
   why did n't this happen before the vote ? 
  do n't remember what it 's called , but people with extreme views are less likely to say who they 're gon na vote for , fearing for their reputation . 
  similar as `` everyone i know is gon na vote for x '' . 
   `` half-drunk croatian cyborg '', 
  i 'm starting to rethink how i sound when i 'm drunk . 
  also , we should ban downvotes on threads like this . 
  people are bound to be offended by some choices , and upvotes are enough to differentiate between good and bad posts . 
  it is a bit too much , but insulting him is really below any standard for normal conversations . 
  good luck being outside the us or eu and flying in . 
  i 'm not gon na miss the karma , but the effect annoys me . 
  part of albania and full of albanians are two different things . 
  you look like [ this guy ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/august_diehl ) from inglourious basterds and salt . 
  i agree . 
  nothing more to add . 
  it 's adding something sweet and tasty to alcohol , not the other way around . 
  all you wanted was a pepsi ? 
  i once sang a pixies song with reddit . 
  it was the bestest day ever . 
  can someone recommend me a player with a good playlist/folder support ? 
  i just want to simply add folders that i want to listen to . 
  this way i constantly get sounds from worms , from my ringtone folder when shuffling through my music . 
  here 's hoping he becomes a castrato . 
  are they planning new materials ? 
  that actually makes some sense . 
  he who controls the ice cream controls the universe . 
  actually it was a swedish submarine , not canadian . 
  [ source ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gotland_class_submarine#secondment_to_united_states_navy ), 
   hms gotland managed to snap several pictures of the uss ronald reagan during a wargaming exercise in the pacific ocean , effectively `` sinking '' the aircraft carrier . 
  [ 9 ] the exercise was conducted to evaluate the effectiveness of the us fleet against diesel-electric submarines , which some have noted as severely lacking . 
  sort of like ass pennies , but yummier . 
  `` and then ? 
  and then ? 
  andthenandthenandthen ? '', 
  are n't you forced by the law to keep some logs for a certain period of time ? 
  i have no problem being social , but i still hate 99 % of people , things , events and everything . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.lucid-tv.com/ ), 
  after reading this sentence i feel trolled . 
  well , the uk government encourages masturbation , while the us sacked a former surgeon general for saying that it is n't bad . 
  not saying farqueue is from the uk , but just illustrating the difference between approaches to the subject in other countries . 
  sony ericsson , not sony . 
  also , nokia still holds a massive part of the smartphone market so there still is time to develop a good phone and os . 
  hope nokia comes around and gets back on their feet , only two major players on the market are not the future i would like . 
  maemo was never really in the same class as the iphone . 
  it started out as an experimental run , mostly to get nokia closer to the linux/oss crowd . 
  i talked to a high ranked nokia official about the time iphone came out and he made it clear that maemo is the way to go , but not as a sole platform . 
  symbian and maemo can coexist , especially with a single framework that can use the same software on both os 's . 
  maemo ( meego ) still has n't got enough support within nokia to make the mass market run . 
  i would n't trust an article on wikipedia for something like that . 
  some of the symptoms are so typical that i 'm sure i know at least a couple of people with spd . 
  better talk to a professional if you want to know for sure . 
  reminds me about the [ siberian pipeline sabotage ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/siberian_pipeline_sabotage ) . 
  about the time inglourious basterds came out ( a year ago today was the second time i saw them ) i decided to support movies and music i like . 
  it 's easy with a movie , i saw it a couple of times in the cinema . 
  every time was great and i do n't regret spending money . 
  i 'll do the same with scott pilgrim . 
  i love the comics and story , and if it is as good as i think it is ( it 's not in the cinema yet where i live ) i 'll watch the thing more than once . 
   the only real downside is that they tend to be unstable, 
  which depends more on the level of political discourse in the country , not the number of parties in a coalition . 
  not every country is sweden or belgium . 
  if all the parties can play along nicely then a coalition could work very well . 
  look at the uk , liberal democrats and tories are actually doing a big job without much arguments . 
  mind you , they are opposite on the political spectrum . 
   and coalitions can never be radical enough to put through some drastic , but necessary , reforms unless it 's too late . 
  which would mean dictatorships are the most efficient since there is no dissent ? 
  as i wrote somewhere else , a well educated nation and politicians who work for the common good and not ideals can be great . 
  it 's a problem that goes deeper than `` systems '' and `` parties '' . 
  if people can talk together and solve problems despite differences then it 's progress . 
  a question for political scientists : is a third party viable considering the us uses a system that is made for two factions ? 
  is the constitution made for that ? 
  are the institutions ready ? 
  where i live , in the last 200 years , at some point you had to know latin , hungarian , german , italian , russian or french to be more than a peasant . 
  and none of them are native languages here . 
  english has the bonus of being a global language , not by number of speakers but by having speakers where it was important . 
  that gave it a big boost and that 's why i 'm glad to be learning it since i knew how to write properly . 
  that said , `` rest of civilization '' is a long time and nationalism , patriotism and local customs are hard to beat .
