  why do you consider afghanistan to be an unjust war ? 
  there is so much bullshit going around about a president that was mediocre at best . 
  just because he was killed does n't mean that he wanted to overthrow the bankers , vietnam war and everything else inbetween . 
  / r/askhistorians might be helpful . 
  very mediocre . 
  he provoked cuba and ussr with missiles in turkey and the bay of pigs , after that put the world on the brink of a nuclear war . 
  in other places , he extended security guarantees to israel and sold them arms , and sent the first advisors to vietnam . 
  nobody can say what will happen in 10 or 20 years . 
  the situation is shitty right now , but it might get better . 
  or not . 
  either way you need to spread out and become more than a journalist : learn video editing , basic coding , find a niche that you 're good in . 
  that way you could spread out and be more useful to any employer , or get more freelancing jobs if you can . 
  i 'm writing about two different subjects for websites and magazines , doing a radio show and making websites in the ( rare ) downtime . 
  is it possible ? 
  yeah ... no . 
  if you wanted to you could travel to the east . 
  it was the other way around that was the problem . 
  my own country is `` east '' and 40 years ago it had around 10 million foreign tourists a year so i guess plenty of people did come . 
  you would be wrong . 
  the adriatic coast was full of italians , austrians and germans . 
  nobody thinks that saddam was a good guy , but the price and reasoning were wrong . 
  why do you think that people would go from the least customisable thing on the market to the most ? 
  i see what you did there . 
  i would just like to say that this is a big deal . 
  big fucking deal . 
  the folder that has only one letter in its name ... `` b '' . 
   first off , most upvoted comments are snarky comments about the cod player base, 
  and consoles . 
  / r/games is sometimes like / r/pcgaming . 
  i posted a link , you know , the one we 're commenting on . 
  i have an htc one , ama . 
  normal . 
  sorry about the answer , but i did n't have the chance to use the phone like i normally do since i just had the need to pick it up and play with it every few minutes . 
  it lasted a work day with such use . 
  i know a couple of people with the one x , and the only ones that will upgrade are the people who are concerned with looks and the feel that one has . 
  i was a sense fanboy before and around desire i loved the thing . 
  in the meantime htc scaled it down by features but it still consumes the whole gui , making it half windows phone , half android . 
  that said , i like the look and feel , but prefer aosp or cm . 
  it 's pretty popular in europe . 
  living near maksimir stadium i have to say i hate this game and i 'm happy it 's gon na be over soon . 
  it 's a hated monstrosity here in croatia . 
  although it does wonders for morale , out of 50 games on it we lost only three and the first one was in 2008 . 
  we had our share of football riots , but none killed . 
  i do n't know , but there were riots in waterpolo games on neutral grounds so i guess there 's just a lot of security . 
   the british ( who have cyprus under military occupation ), 
  that 's wrong . 
  the british have a force of 3000 in two seperate bases which were confirmed by both sides in the independence contract . 
  they have no authority outside of them and the bases are policed by cypriots , using cyprus law . 
  considering that cyprus has four times as much active soldiers and greece has a thousand soldiers stationed on the island , that 's not much of a colony . 
  i see that tumblr 's ui has n't come such a long way though . 
  since when is japan tiny ? 
  or even small or medium ? 
  third in gdp , tenth in population , in the top quarter in size . 
  sad kako raste pdv na knjige sve to postaje te\u017ee . 
  i do n't understand this map . 
  / r/askhistorians is awesome for questions like that . 
  yugoslavia was n't really a soviet ally . 
  we had arms and support from both sides at times . 
  probably the only country that shot down us planes and later received money and equipment from them . 
  now serbia was a russian ally , but that was after both yugoslavia and the soviet union broke up . 
  a little one sided , do n't you think ? 
  the us has restrictions on free speech as well , you forgot to mention that beside ussr , china and north korea . 
  countries have laws suited to themselves . 
  guns are freely available at one place and restricted in others , the same thing with abortions or public nudity . 
  completely free speech is n't a basic human right anywhere , not even in the us . 
  it 's just a matter how much you restrict it . 
  and by extension the us is the only free country in the world , right ? 
  nor do europeans . 
  it 's mostly the liberal americans that portray europe as that . 
  i interviewed him the other day and he played in my town two nights ago . 
  it 's a shame he did n't play the bass that much , but the fresh interpretation of unknown pleasures was great , very abrasive and rockish . 
  xerox says hi . 
  if this were some kind of kickstarter thing i would give an enormous amount of money for this to happen . 
  nobody trumps the design of n9 , nokia maps is the best mobile mapping solution bar none and build quality is superior . 
  nokia deserves to suffer because they failed to keep up with google and apple but it would be a fucking shame to lose some of the benefits nokia brings to the market . 
  exactly that . 
  he 's looking at it from one side only , does it give him more credibility if he 's bashing his own ? 
  oh how brave , pissing on the most widely produced and criticized american beer . 
  parks and recreation , the americans , newsroom , house of cards , workaholics , homeland , community ( * prije nego su ga otkazali i nisu snimili niti jednu epizodu \u010detvrte sezone . 
  * ** niti . 
  ** ) , ponekad modern family i american dad . 
  edit : new girl , priznajem . 
  brad pitt as aldo raine in inglourious basterds . 
  but i enjoyed it and it was probably bad on purpose . 
  a / r/worldnews thread quickly becoming about the us ? 
  i ca n't believe it . 
  i mene ali je serija super . 
  2 broke girls, 
  beauty and the beast ( 2012 ), 
  bones, 
  cougar town, 
  glee, 
  pretty little liars, 
  switched at birth, 
  teen wolf, 
  the carrie diaries, 
  the vampire diaries, 
  true blood, 
  i was talking about his southern accent , not italian . 
  people have self doubt and wo n't tell anything without a hundred disclaimers because they do n't have flair and are warned on every corner that comments are watched and moderation is strict .
