  jobs was a dick ( to use a scientific term ) but he started with a clean slate and probably wanted his kids to be the same . 
  he acted as if he did n't have parents or history of any kind . 
  the rebels are also fighting among themselves , it is n't just unfair to lump them in together , it 's factually wrong . 
  i ** need ** to read this . 
  full stop . 
  plonk . 
  he said they ate cake , not crap . 
   he objected to the persecution of jews and nazi laws , helped jews and others to escape and criticized usta\u0161e atrocities in front of zagreb cathedral in 1943, 
  buses are cheap and go everywhere from anywhere . 
  trains are slow , expensive and awful . 
  strip clubs are a big no no . 
  they 're tourist traps in the sense that you 'll get beaten out of a few hundred dollars for a bottle of beer . 
  do n't enter them , do n't even think about it . 
  you tell larry ray to keep rocking that . 
  two billion until * someone * wants the vtol version . 
  uk is the 8th most visited country in the world and london the first or second most visited city in the world . 
  i do n't believe it . 
  radim . 
  i 'm seeing it fine . 
  here you go . 
  your book is written as a letter from you , the child , to your father , the holocaust survivor . 
  my father survived the lodz ghetto and auschwitz . 
  that is the skeleton of the story . 
  however , the story i want to tell is not about auschwitz , or about my father 's death at an early age , but about his desperate attempt to rehabilitate himself and live -- about how you start your life when everything is gone . 
  all the people you knew , all the places you grew up in . 
  the survivors can not cope with the memories ; they have to suppress and repress them in order to live . 
  i grew up with my father , but i did not see what was truly happening to him . 
  to overcome what had happened , he had to turn his back on the past . 
  when i was a child , there was no talk , no mention of the ghetto or the holocaust or the camps , or of my grandfather and grandmother . 
  nothing . 
  it was as though none of it had existed . 
  how old were you when you first learned that your father was a holocaust survivor ? 
  after my father 's death . 
  i was about 12 , and we had moved to israel for two years . 
  your father committed suicide -- did you know that then , in real time ? 
  no , only afterward . 
  i was told that he was sick . 
  i do n't even think my mother told me about his suicide . 
  someone else in the family , here in israel , told me . 
  i do n't altogether remember . 
  i only heard the story of my family when i was 14 or 15 . 
  but without details . 
  i knew there had been auschwitz and the lodz ghetto , but no more than that . 
  that is one of the principal reasons i decided to write this book , because i could not imagine dying without knowing the story . 
  in israel , too , at that time , the subject of the holocaust was avoided . 
  it did not fit the image of the `` new jew . '', 
  yes . 
  in the period when i lived in israel , before 1967 , at the height of the zionist myth , no one talked about the holocaust . 
  i did not even know that more than half of my classmates were from the so-called second generation -- children of survivors . 
  i did not start to truly confront the subject until the late 1970s , when i was already a journalist and wrote a series of articles about the holocaust . 
  but i knew very little about my family 's history . 
  and , like many second-generation children -- this is a very well-known phenomenon -- i did not really want to know . 
  how do you understand that now , in retrospect ? 
  i too wanted to get on with my life and be left alone . 
  i did not want that burden . 
  i had to cope with my father 's death , which was a terrible blow . 
  and my mother , too , really had to keep on living after all she had been through , but alone now , with two small children , in the shadow of her husband 's suicide . 
  so you decided to embark on a journey -- a physical journey -- in the wake of your father 's story . 
  what do you remember most vividly ? 
  i 'd been to lodz and auschwitz in the 1970s , but when i decided to write the book , it was obvious that i had to go back . 
  literally to follow in his footsteps . 
  emotionally , it was such a powerful experience : to travel on the train , as he did . 
  that same accursed train of blood . 
  to stop in the station at uchtspringe , a small village in which thousands of patients were sterilized and murdered during the war in a hospital for the mentally ill . to know that the huge train that my father was on also stopped at that small , abandoned station , which was filled with bodies and half-dead people , in order to unload the bodies . 
  it suddenly becomes so alive . 
  the station is still there , with the sign . 
  it was a gray winter day . 
  i felt as though it were happening again . 
  in fact , the whole journey stunned me , in the sense of how close everything that happened was to the germans . 
  they insisted all along that they had n't known about auschwitz , because it was so distant -- but the residents of ludwiglust , which is five kilometers from wobbelin , were ordered by the american forces to bury bodies from the wobbelin concentration camp . 
  the visit to that camp was especially jolting . 
  it existed from february 1945 until may , and its declared goal was to kill all the 5,000 prisoners in it . 
  when my father got there , about 100 prisoners a day were dying from cold and hunger , and everyone lived amid filth and disease . 
  people were thrown alive into mass graves . 
  the bodies were piled up everywhere . 
  there is evidence of cannibalism in wobbelin . 
  it was , truly , hell . 
  and my father was there . 
  that experience , in which i was so close to him , was jarring for me . 
  at last i truly managed to get close to him . 
  you must have cried a great deal while writing . 
  yes . 
  i still do . 
  as an outside observer , what do you make of the israeli `` shoah complex '' ? 
  i think the period of repression and silence was insane , because so many survivors lived in israel . 
  years later , when the holocaust trickled into the israeli national narrative , it began to be used as justification not only for the state 's existence but also to justify policy : `` we are doing this because it is our obligation to ensure that there will not be another holocaust . '' suddenly the holocaust becomes the core of jewish identity , and i am deeply revolted by that . 
  because i do not think that the holocaust should be the core of identity of any one nation -- it should be the identity of all human civilization . 
  what about the political use of the holocaust by prime minister netanyahu , who often resorts to rhetoric such as `` there will not be a second holocaust -- we will not allow a second holocaust . '', 
  he wants to scare people . 
  i utterly loathe the use of the holocaust to achieve political goals . 
  it 's awful . 
  i think that if you constantly present the jews as victims and claim that they will eternally feel threatened , because of the holocaust -- people will start to become angry . 
  in the end , it backfires . 
  what did you think about the large delegation of israeli politicians that visited auschwitz last month ? 
  i think it was absolutely disgusting . 
  it shows total misunderstanding of the concept of remembering the holocaust . 
  it represents short-term political interests , the desire to prove that the holocaust can recur at any moment , that because of the holocaust , israel is beyond criticism . 
  if israel bombs iran , the world will have to understand -- because there was a holocaust ; if israel hangs on to the occupied territories , the world will have to be silent -- because there was a holocaust . 
  how much longer will this go on ? 
  in fact , if the holocaust permits us to do whatever we want , then nothing is forbidden .
