  also , the boats sent were n't official representatives of a government or country , but a private endeavour . 
  if we pretend for a second that the flotilla was the offending side here , would israel have the right to attack turkey ? 
  of course not . 
  my guess is that turkey will flex some muscles with limited eu support and get some nice us military gear to shut up and leave the situation alone . 
  did you see or ride the crotram that was on loan in helsinki from croatia ? 
  oh you fucker . 
  i thought guido westerwelle was the queen . 
  thanks . 
  i made similar remarks about the situation hours ago and the op posted something in the style of : `` i do n't know what you 're talking about , but you 're not fooling me . 
  i 'm exaggerating , but i miss the more rational discussions where half of the comments were n't the same crowd pleasers we see on every `` i hate apple/israel/3d movies/papercuts '' thread . 
  of course , but this is far from an act of war . 
  just a criminal act . 
  yea , fell in love once and almost completely . 
  wow . 
  swearing ** does ** make stuff better . 
  i 'm thinking of visiting . 
  is there anything special to see , except some bunkers and the cemetary ? 
  i 'm a huge wwii nerd , ever since i read the longest day when i was a kid . 
  give me enough money and time and i 'll put every member of my ethnicity back in our ancient home land . 
  there are around 9 million of us , half living outside the country . 
  do n't !, 
  he might be jewish !, 
  thanks . 
  i have no idea how to finance that in the foreseeable future but i 'll do my best . 
  would you fuck me ? 
  - silence of the lambs and clerks . 
  disco ball . 
  finance a trip to see my favourite band on their last tour . 
  but before that , a cold beer . 
  another good deed for the day . 
  i 'd do it in a heartbeat ... 
  i have all of the qualifications , but i 'm not a native speaker . 
  would anyone mind checking my comment history and rate how good my english is ? 
  my accent and pronunciation is great and i could maybe fool someone who does n't watch a lot of tv . 
  fucking [ fingerboards ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fingerboard_ ( skateboard ) ) . 
  pogs and tamagochi . 
  yes , but i got ta be rational and actually * see * something for the money i spend to get there . 
  actually croatia , but then again i do n't really have the cash lying around . 
  * deep breath *, 
  i did n't get a lot of sleep in the last couple of days and i 'm tired as hell , so please do n't take this against me , but i think i see his point . 
  let 's say i want to see all of the subreddits except r/todayilearned . 
  i go to all and there it is , on my frontpage . 
  to enter it to remove it from my frontpage , but ca n't , since r/all is a subreddit . 
  it does n't replace my list of subreddits in which r/todayilearned is n't . 
  then again , i feel that everybody got his point , but he was acting rude so he got ridiculed and downvoted . 
  fuck it , in that case the karma loss is n't the problem . 
  john gabriel 's greater internet fuckwad theory is practically made for schools . 
  probably r/feminism or some similar subreddit . 
  once , while drinking with a friend , we gave a ( wicked skilled ) guy playing the guitar a lot of money and sat down to listen to four or five of his songs . 
  i politely asked him if he 'd take a request and he just said : `` mmmmm no '' . 
  we gave him more money than he got that whole day , the fucker . 
   we send peacekeeping forces to some of the most hostile places on the planet when nobody else would, 
  while i applaud ireland for using their troops in peacekeeping , it 's not like ireland is the only country sending their troops . 
  every one of this missions has a lot of other participating countries . 
   the details of my life are quite inconsequential ... 
  very well , where do i begin ? 
  my father was a relentlessly self-improving boulangerie owner from belgium with low-grade narcolepsy and a penchant for buggery . 
  my mother was a 15-year-old french prostitute named chloe with webbed feet . 
  my father would womanize ; he would drink . 
  he would make outrageous claims like he invented the question mark . 
  sometimes , he would accuse chestnuts of being lazy . 
  the sort of general malaise that only the genius possess and the insane lament ... my childhood was typical : summers in rangoon ... luge lessons ... 
  in the spring , we 'd make meat helmets ... 
  when i was insolent i was placed in a burlap bag and beaten with reeds -- pretty standard , really . 
  at the age of 12 , i received my first scribe . 
  at the age of 14 , a zoroastrian named vilmer ritualistically shaved my testicles . 
  there really is nothing like a shorn scrotum -- it 's breathtaking ... 
  i suggest you try it . 
  i went to r/feminism and did n't find anything there , but could n't remember what 's the name of the other ultra feminist subreddit . 
  i checked [ r/ladybashing ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/ladybashing ) but the last post is a month old . 
  odd for a subreddit with over a thousand subscribers . 
  only song i ever sang on singstar . 
  lost , but it was worth it . 
  they 're having a reunion . 
  seeing them in about two weeks . 
  [ wheatus - teenage dirtbag ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8jjwqkvgds4 ) . 
  i 've got an embarrasing picture of me and a friend , screaming this song from the top of our lungs , drunk and on our knees in a club . 
  good times . 
  i offer 1 ( one ) upvote for the person who makes a youtube or grooveshark playlist with all of the listed songs , by upvotes . 
  people probably see it as if i 'm attacking ireland , which i 'm not . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_united_nations_peacekeeping_missions ) a practical list at wikipedia . 
  propaganda or not , some people ( myself included ) do n't completely agree with what wikileaks is doing . 
  i was thinking about how edward norton could be a great patrick bateman ... then i remembered the fucking scene . 
  he would be a great psycho all around , but he just does n't look that dominating . 
  although , american history x could prove me wrong here . 
  what ? 
  i do n't know what are you talking about and have never heard of that movie . 
  no no no , you must be mistaken . 
  that movie was just planned to be made but it got scrapped because people freaked out about seeing edward norton and jon stewart ice skating . 
  now it 's just an urban legend , sort of like matrix sequels , die hard 4 or star wars prequels . 
  also , i 'll report you if you mention it again . 
  the trauma is too strong . 
  i heard of digg and kevin rose , but the front page always confused me and the comments were dumb . 
  i was there maybe 5 minutes in my life . 
  two years ago i saw reddit on wired.com and loved it here . 
   can not play media . 
  sorry , this media is not available in your territory . 
  an awful read , tacky and cliched to my limits , not even counting in the crap story and arguments . 
  there 's a lot of analysis over mms , but the money quote is on the end of the first page . 
   so this year 2010 , mms will be worth 31 billion dollars if you prefer portio research or 32 billion dollars if you prefer research & markets .
