  in the pixies version it 's p-i-x-i-e-s . 
  your collection is beautiful . 
  i 've recently `` aquired '' a grant hart bootleg . 
  it 's very minimal and the songs are mostly h\u00fcsker d\u00fc material , but it is awesome . 
  i could find the link if you are interested . 
  vienna is beautiful around christmas , so i guess it should be cool after it ? 
   in turn , this has caused almost all raiders home games in the last decade to not sell out seating , and have their games blacked out on local television . 
  what the hell ? 
  if it 's not sold out local people ca n't watch the game ?!, 
  no wonder you have high attendance . 
  i tried to submit it there but a similar link was already posted ( the same page , but not this section ) and the sidebar recommended posting wikipedia links here . 
  it was just too baffling to me just to give up , so sorry if i broke any rules . 
  i doubt europeans like me know about this . 
  yup . 
  yugoslavia was one of the leaders of the unaligned movement and was equally seated between east and west . 
  one year we shot down us planes crossing our border , the other we were mobilized for a soviet invasion . 
  yeah , what the fuck . 
  nick cave is a living legend . 
  and fighting around the world !, 
  there * is * a problem with r/music , no doubt about it . 
  the front page has little discussions , most submissions are popular songs circlejerks and the mods ( although some , like raerth have shown interest in solving the issue ) are doing very little . 
  it 's sad that a frontpage subreddit with over a quarter million subscribers is so empty and dull , yet most specialized subreddits do n't have enough subscribers to yield any thoughtful discussion , which should be the focus here . 
  my idea is filtering such overly popular submissions and fostering discussions . 
  making one week a text only week . 
  having a recommendation thread every week . 
  one week with r/punk , the other with r/metal and so on . 
  there are a lot of ideas here . 
  despite their army and equipment , iran is a huge country with a population more than twice what iraq has and almost four times the size . 
  the us does n't have the will to commit to a ground was , not to mention the economy and morale . 
   all the mods in / r/music are active and engaged with the community , do n't single me out . 
  i had most contacts with you and my first visit to tor was because of you post about r/music . 
   sure , some bands get posted a lot , but can we really remove posts that are on-topic and popular with a lot of people ? 
  of course !, 
  that 's the whole point , moderators have to maintain a level of quality without pursuing personal agendas . 
  where is my mind has to go . 
   i disagree with this statement . 
  i find thoughtful discussions in subreddits with  1000 subscribers . 
  it all depends on the content . 
  i agree , that 's why i said most . 
  some small subreddits can have great discussions , but some stay empty . 
  r/music has some days when the front page has less than 200 comments , and threads that make that much are the same generic `` what 's your favorite song/album/artist '' or other variation where the top post is radiohead and the lowest nickelback . 
  [ http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/third_world] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dqw4w9wgxcq ), 
  am i the only one who noticed zero black people ? 
  the whole adriatic sea is named `` gulf of venice '' even though the name adriatic is used since the roman times . 
  i fucking hate blimps since red alert 2 . 
  jon huntsman seems to be the least insane . 
  i can assure you these are signs of despair , not fun . 
  / journalist, 
  the city would be 3x smaller if it had any density . 
  sarkozy is in his first term . 
  * twitch *, 
  i 'm disappointed they do n't do this song live , but enjoyed their show very much anyway . 
  info ? 
  english should be prefered , but both allowed . 
  a lot of content is n't translated , and subreddits are primarily for local content and people , not international . 
  if i find out you 're an at&t shill on reddit i will strangle you . 
  that would be unsubscribe for me , at least until i finish the game . 
  i was sad when i saw it . 
  fucking katy perry saying how queen saved her life and bla bla bla . 
  fuck mtv . 
  also , where was john deacon ? 
  some continental europe would n't kill you jeff . 
  it 's disco ball all over again . 
  this is more or less gossip . 
  i would sign it and lived to fight another day . 
  worldevents . 
  world events . 
  flash can slow down a quad core desktop pc , not to mention a phone . 
  nokia is developing a completely clickable screen where you can get haptic feedback on anything you touch . 
  more context ? 
  this is a really arrogant way of thinking . 
  the us is central to everything else on reddit and every news and politics subreddit ( which are large ) is made for your audience . 
  the only general subreddits actually made for us non-us crowd are worldevents , worldnews and worldpolitics . 
  please respect the little space we have . 
  i do n't think that and i did n't say that . 
  we use other subreddits , but the largest subreddit of this kind ( r/politics ) is strictly us subjects only , and r/news has a single non us news on its frontpage . 
  which had a single button iirc ? 
  i disagree with it . 
  it may be a big affair in the uk ( and some other countries ) , but such a rule would open a big hole through which many other commemorations and causes could slip in . 
  not to mention that not all countries have respect for uk armed forces . 
  sure , a game with spain might be ok , but would fifa give in if england played against iraq ? 
  that map looks familiar . 
  and i have n't played much mw2 . 
  because reddit would be full of people renouncing intervention as imperialism and american meddling . 
  look at libya . 
  as someone who lived through one cluster bombing :, 
  - the weapon is n't precise and in modern warfare a lot of hostilities happen in cities where one can indiscriminately kill a lot of civilians with a cluster bomb . 
  - unexploded ordinace can be a problem later on . 
  we had a bomblet in our neighbourhood ( towards the suburbs , while the center of the city was bombed ) and my parents used it for years and years to frighten me out of anything . 
  `` do n't go into the woods , there are bells ( what we called them , because of a small parachute on top ) there '' . 
  trivia : british ballet dancers were wounded in the bombing i 'm talking about . 
  yes . 
  yes you are . 
  extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence . 
  then it 's on the mods . 
  personally , the three ama subreddits idea sounds like a good way to solve this . 
  dude , personal info , come on . 
  i 'm as outraged as anyone is , but reddit is not the judge , jury or the executioner . 
  we 've had too many cases of reddit being used as a personal army , so let 's reserve judgments for later . 
  until then use legal and sane means to report them to local authorities .
