  marry britta, 
  kill shirley, 
  this was a tough one , but i think i could live with britta , and could n't stand two days with annie . 
  yup , today i had to remove a couple of apps to install a new update . 
  i have no idea why the facebook app needs freaking 12 mb ? 
  i was disappointed by the lack of tia . 
  but after listening to your stuff ... you guys are good . 
  um , some cars have a low speed limit if you do n't use seatbelts . 
  i do n't know about the us , but i 've seen this in europe . 
  the economist is conservative only in economics , and even that 's fairly pragmatic . 
  socially , they are for gay rights , prostitution , gun control , drug legalisation and against capital punishment . 
  classic liberalism really . 
  what is young linus torvalds doing there ? 
  ** bloody sabbath !!!, 
   guns in the right hands could save lives . 
  guns in the wrong hands can take lives . 
  i would n't trust most people with a spoon , not to mention a firearm . 
   that is why we need to make sure we do n't sell guns to people with mental problems or would likely use it for the wrong reasons . 
  look at your average teabagger , look at their rationale and line of thought . 
  you would trust those people with a weapon ? 
  hell , you do n't have to go that far , just work at a place where you have lots of contact with people and you 'll see that mental problems are just a small reason why i would n't give people guns . 
  you do n't have a test for people being rational or normal and you ca n't control what people are like when they 're angry or feel endangered . 
  i saw first handed what happened when an armed populace goes berserk , and if you think americans are so level headed that nothing like that could happen in your neighbourhood , you 're wrong . 
   we in the usa are built on having freedoms . 
  i invite you to buy a cruise missile system then . 
   why do countries like britain have such low rates of gun deaths ? 
   what are they losing by having a ban on guns ? 
  you just made my point . 
  i 'm 21 and every winter when the first snow falls i call my friends to go play in the snow with me . 
  they always say they 're too old for it . 
  forever alone, 
   the real value in this community is shown when someone offers something new and interesting, 
  which is becoming more and more rare . 
  couple that with anonymous and simple downvotes , this subreddit provides something interesting maybe once a week . 
  that 's my ideal form factor , and i would trade my desire for it in a hearbeat , but could n't live with a low res screen . 
  nope , it 's funny because it 's pathetic . 
  i do n't get it . 
  do i need to get off of some lawn ? 
  i feel this talent is wasted on you . 
  any info on her ? 
  tineye does n't help . 
  oh goody , that 's an rc that looks like it has explosives on it . 
  law enforcement everywhere will * love * that . 
  also :, 
   ice cube voices corporal bowman . 
  i had just quit my job and was going to move to a new city in two weeks . 
  i had nothing to do and some money i was sitting on . 
  i bought a 48 pack of frozen burger patties from safeway along with a 24 pack of coke cans , 48 sesame seed buns , two packs of frozen bacon , and a 48 pack of processed cheese . 
  i moved my loveseat to the computer desk area . 
  i plugged in my foreman grill . 
  i downloaded all seasons of the sopranos except for the last episode , which was airing for the first time right at the end of the two weeks . 
  i had never watched any sopranos before . 
  i bought an ounce of purple kush and cleaned my bong thoroughly . 
  for two solid weeks , for 15 hours a day , all that i did was sit on my loveseat , get massively stoned , eat nothing but foreman grill burgers with bacon and cheese , drank nothing but coke , and watched all sopranos episodes from start to finish . 
  the only exceptions were when i decided i needed to play some wolfenstein : enemy territory . 
  i finished watching the 2nd-last episode about three hours before the series finale aired . 
  i believe that two week span is my greatest accomplishment . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/9q7qk/whats_the_most_bachelor_thing_you_have_ever_done/c0dx990 ), 
  pixies did n't make a bad album , so i guess take any three of their four albums and that 's it . 
  but , since some people do n't like trompe le monde , here it is :, 
  surfer rosa ( 1988 ), 
  doolittle ( 1989 ), 
  not really . 
  crime is low where i live . 
  i really hate the line of thought that forces people to do something economically viable and productive instead of something they want . 
  getting a job with a major in philosophy is n't impossible it 's just hard , and life is n't all about making money and being as much productive as you can . 
  what about art , literature and music ? 
  does anyone of them actually know what internation laws and treaties are ? 
  my 10k + seem a bit too much now . 
  silly americans and their bumper stickers . 
  i ca n't listen to muse because of matt bellamy . 
  his voice is so whiny and mellow it destroys any quality the rest of the band has . 
  isolationism ftw !, 
  or smart ? 
  i was n't attacking you or your comment , just the general line of thought . 
  the savage capitalism that forces people to bend over to the economy and work for it . 
  the state of the modern world that says : `` go to work or die '' . 
  there 's not much anyone can do about it , but let 's say i fully support every social safety net there is . 
  no it 's not , the resolution is lower . 
  alcatel : 320 x 240 , hero : 320 x 480 . 
  thanks for the massive spoiler . 
  i love this song . 
  i love the whole album . 
  i love grinderman and i love nick cave . 
  but , this is n't stoner rock , it is just regular garage rock with wicked distortions and energy . 
  even years after i dumped my walkman i still twitch if i hear music slowed down , thinking my batteries are going out . 
  reality tv sound great in concept , but 5 minutes of big brother makes me want to kill puppies . 
  not to mention my super sweet 16 and the like , that are made to piss people off . 
   the rule i go by : if you have to wear a belt to keep your pants up , your pants do n't fit, 
  what about us ... ummm ... big boned people ? 
  dick here has a point . 
  this is like , o. henry and alanis morissette had a baby and named it this exact situation . 
  being fat means being less proportional . 
  yea , this does n't make any sense . 
  you could discuss snookie in a smart way with a smart person and it does n't have to make you dumb or a `` small mind '' . 
  eleanor did n't specify reddit . 
  also , i 'm sure you could have a sane conversation about anything , considering how many users and subreddits reddit has . 
   if you could point, 
  me : you ** could ** discuss snookie, 
  boys like guns , news at eleven .
