  neither a fan of sopa or bill , but be real and do n't be childish , your needless comments ( `` entertainer '' , his masters , bitching about losing money ) make the case worse for our side . 
  so is maribor in slovenia . 
  this is n't a reward of some kind . 
  there 's a list of countries for the next 13 years and every year the designated countries choose which city will be their capital of culture . 
  so my country ( croatia ) already has a capital of culture in 2021 , along with greece and switzerland . 
  [ the critic ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_critic ) was great , a lot of pop culture and a great leading character . 
  only two seasons though . 
  [ drawn together ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/drawn_together ) was nasty , with crude sex and racist jokes . 
  i was expecting a lot of answers to be punk , or at least hardcore punk . 
  guess not . 
  [ this is not a game of who the fuck am i ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sv5iek-iezw ) . 
  i 'm 22 and only now getting more serious into hardcore punk . 
  but i do n't feel the need to ebrace the whole aesthetic to like the music . 
  especially since i liked dead kennedys for a long time . 
  muscles are required intelligence not expected, 
  ( opera user since version 7 here ), 
  when i install stuff on other people 's computers , i give them chrome . 
  it updates itself , it is dead simple , it has flash and pdf integrated and i do n't have to explain a goddamned thing . 
  chrome is for people who like it dead simple and it just works . 
  meanwhile i 'll use opera myself , customise it to hell and enjoy all the benefits . 
  but bosnia and herzegovina had a lot of serbs before the war as well so it 's not the same thing . 
   nations whose sovereignty is in danger ( ie they stand a chance at being conquered ) would include many in the balkans, 
  i 'm listening . 
  but it was n't * only * serbia , but rebel forces inside the country as well . 
  we had the same thing in croatia , but did n't get stuck with a semi-legitimate republika srpska . 
  hitler sweet hitler ? 
  i do n't agree . 
  serbia did a lions share of supporting republika srpska and jna was an agressor , but locals were n't standing around , pretending to do nothing . 
  well of course , but that does n't make it a classic aggression , especially not in the way op means . 
  this might be a us thing , since i never saw a toilet seat with a split in my life . 
  only in movies . 
  edit : central europe here . 
  he looks like frank black . 
  can anyone explain if dropbox is in any danger ? 
  but only with each other ? 
  he who controls the past , commands the future . 
  he who commands the future , conquers the past . '', 
  a lot of helpful and related links ? 
  reference to starship troopers ? 
  started counting at zero ? 
  you sir are a winner . 
  i got [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/do22j ) , laughed and then checked the comments . 
  now i feel bad . 
  please share something i , as a non-architect , would n't know or notice . 
  geraffes are dumb . 
  comedy central is blocked only in a couple of countries . 
  canada being one of them , people think it is blocked around the world . 
  malcolm in the middle . 
   get a grown-up shirt, 
  yeah , he looks like a goddamned toddler in this shirt . 
  sometimes i 'm sorry tarantino made pulp fiction and reservoir dogs and jackie brown ... because if this was his first movie it would be the most brilliant debut ever . 
  for him , it 's just a streak . 
  loose butthole . 
   here on m\u00e9xico the people are pretty lazy, 
  come on man . 
  it was a mistake and bush did mislead the nation . 
  but that does n't mean i do n't agree with spacehusky and his points . 
  iraq and afgahanistan made the us public wary of any war , intervention or conflict , fair or not . 
   if you know what you 're driving towards , do n't you shoulder some responsibility for the lives of millions of people who could be caught up in it ? 
  does n't iran hold the same responsibility ? 
  full scale war is impossible . 
  iran is not iraq or afghanistan , it is ** both ** plus some 15 million people more . 
  the us does n't have the money , will , morale or possibilities to engage in such a conflict . 
  in the worst scenario there will be some air strikes , cruise missiles , a lot of sunken iranian boats and that 's it . 
  a paranoid nation . 
  we should report it . 
  oh look , there 's no report button and the mods publicly said they have no intention of moderating . 
  they 're a useful bunch . 
   at the same time the eu ordered every isp to keep every single email for at least 6 months ( most countries upped that to a year or even longer ) . 
  not the e-mail , but data * about * the e-mail . 
  who sent it , who received it , at what time , size and other characteristics . 
  but not the data inside . 
   to trace and identify the source of a communication ;, 
  to trace and identify the destination of a communication ;, 
  to identify the date , time and duration of a communication ;, 
  to identify the type of communication ;, 
  to identify the communication device ;, 
  to identify the location of mobile communication equipment . 
  until they become a nuisance and change the way this fine subreddit works , i have no problem . 
  is every youtube comedian bad as hell or just the ones i keep seeing ? 
  steve jobs was very opposed to philanthropy . 
  one of the first decisions tim cook did as ceo was to re-establish apple 's philantrophy program . 
  i found a cheap bus that takes me to nice in 30 minutes so that could be great . 
  any tips for nice ? 
   the world 's most successful union for a few centuries . 
  is the uk really the most successful union ? 
  how come almost every european country has lower crime rates than the us , even the ones with very low firearm ownership ? 
  the day bin laden was killed once again showed how reddit ( the american part at least ) can go blind with emotions in a second . 
  like after 9/11 , when the country was in a nationalist fervor ( one liberal redditor said in retrospect that even he thought of people not supporting gwb were traitors , at least until iraq ) , people were once again in an `` america , fuck yeah ! '', 
  mode . 
  weeds . 
  everything after s03 is just sad . 
  chuck nails the point everytime . 
  he gave a few solid reasons why he does n't see the appeal and ca n't imagine tune yards ( i refuse to spell it ) being relevant this time next year . 
  his predictions are spot on i think . 
  i can see this being a dialogue in seinfeld . 
  and yet whokill is n't nearly as popular as any of the other albums on the list were in their time . 
  i really feel that the album will be forgot in a year , but i 'll reserve my judgement for 12 months . 
  as the kids say , i believe it 's just a fad . 
  i wanted to mention my 1944 copy of das kapital by marx my grandma bought but you guys have me beat .
