  as someone who never had a nintendo console , half of this subreddit is automatically unecessary for me . 
  i do n't care for myself , but for you guys ... sure . 
  i 'm not talking about wii . 
  i 'm talking about a shitload of retro posts every day , people jizzing over nes and snes like it 's 1991 again . 
  my comment was n't there , but tons of comments were . 
  most with 1 karma , and most of them not old enough to be properly read and voted on . 
  if a comment goes hidden after 30 minutes , of course it wo n't get upvoted . 
  yes , if you are -5 , something you can change in your settings , but these are normal comments that got collapsed for no reason . 
  it happens all the time . 
  why did you comment if you have nothing to contribute ? 
  i asked a question , i still have n't got an answer to it . 
  [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/0gq2a.png ) is a comment downvoted below the threshold , as seen in [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/i1wue/sen_al_franken_introduces_new_bill_to_close/ ) thread . 
  [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/lrbwx.png ) is what i 'm talking about . 
  as seen in [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/reddit.com/comments/i24xk/incredible_quote_from_a_republican/ ) thread , these comments look like [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/tjumq.png ) when opened , meaning that they are n't hidden because they are downvoted , but for some arbitrary reason i do n't know , but would like to find out . 
   almost no-one in greece is a taxpayer . 
  almost everyone in greece is a taxpayer , but tax evasion is rampant , the estimates are that two thirds of the workforce report lower income in order to avoid taxation . 
  thank you for this , but i feel i still did n't get my question answered . 
  a ton of comments are being hidden even after a small amount of time has passed , not enough for them to be properly voted on ( even though they have positive karma ) . 
  which is something we can agree on being wrong . 
  is this behaviour a downside of the `` new '' commenting rating or normal ? 
  because i do n't see how this can be fair . 
  i still have a feeling we 're talking about seperate things , since the blog post you linked to ( which i actually read when it was first posted ) explains the position of comments by calculating the rating and karma , while my question is about hidden ( not top or bottom , but hidden ) comments that do n't have the minus karma to deserve that . 
  what about companies with the same name that are n't from the same country ? 
  no , the worst thing about r/music is the constant karma whoring , posting classic and well known songs and albums so people can circlejerk around them , and the occasional 500 + comment thread where everybody posts their favorite band and radiohead gets to be first . 
  oh and how could i forget the occasional lady gaga flame war where you get downvoted for having an opinion that she is shit , because she fucking played the piano before she got famous . 
  i hate this subreddit . 
  the only reason i do n't leave is that once a month somebody posts something new and worth while . 
  / mu / is the other side of the spectrum . 
  elitism and trolling off the maps , but over there i got so much more new music , more discussions , more knowledge even , than here . 
  then again ... 
  iii loooveee yooouuuu etc etc, 
  at least it 's codified : http://mu-essentials.blogspot.com/, 
  how * dare * people have an opinion !, 
  this is excellent . 
  yes , the un is manipulating the us , dictating even . 
  you are very naive if you think the us is doing something that is n't in their interest . 
  in opera : add the swf to blocked content . 
  anything charlie brooker made . 
  yes , it is a pain in the ass , legs and back , but for a three hour flight and a cheap price , i 'll take it . 
  people queueing while entering the subway , trams and buses in london and stockholm . 
  my balkan mentality was n't prepared for that . 
  i ca n't be fair , considering i 'm a fanboy and they are my favorite band . 
  they were the basis for a shitton of alternative music that came after them . 
  everything about them is great if you ask me . 
  the bizarre lyrics and themes , frank black 's wonderful singing , beautiful combination of surf rock and punk dynamics . 
  there have been fistfighst over which of their albums is the best , but i 'll try to be fair . 
  doolittle is considered a classic , the best and most influential . 
  surfer rosa is my favorite . 
  bossanova and trompe le monde are considered great , but not the best they can do . 
  still , both have great songs on them , and tlm is faster than most of their later work . 
  where to start ? 
  i 'd recommend surfer rosa , but any of their albums is a good representation of their work . 
  keep me posted . 
  yes , most european countries are tyrannical dictatorships . 
  chills . 
  is that the same guy that made boston 's big picture ? 
  what are feet ? 
  - a european, 
  there 's a great documentary guide on that , it 's always sunny in philadelphia . 
  `` i am equally proud of my serbian origin and my croatian fatherland '', 
  well the village he was born in has moved through 6 countries since he was born so maybe he had a point he even did n't think about . 
  i find it insulting that you think everyone finds him so good and yet the military-industrial complex wo n't get him elected . 
  how about his positions that do n't resonate well with most people in the country ? 
  is there an r/politics alternative ? 
  i hate this subreddit but would also like to follow politics on reddit . 
  something more mature maybe ? 
  do 50 year olds call kid pop stars homosexuals ? 
  maybe there is n't a good candidate . 
  do i lose my right to criticise ron paul just because i do n't know about anyone better ? 
  i 'm a sucker for conspiracy movies , but rubicon was slow as hell . 
  everybody hates chris ? 
  for the record , i do n't like segregating my tv program into races , although i 'll admit that the cosby show did more good for black people than jesse jackson . 
  with the exception that since wwii germany has been involved only in afghanistan . 
  [ black flag has a song for you ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=117ole9mo2w ), 
  good luck with that . 
   these guys do live near ( i.e. 
  within a 3-4 hour travel time ) each other . 
  i would be two countries over in any direction i take . 
  dubrovnik is very touristy , and there are dozens of places better to go . 
  not to say parts are n't impressive , but in two decades of travelling in croatia , dubrovnik is just one of the dots . 
  central europe is considered somewhat safer than western , and considerably safer than the us . 
  that 's just a dumb stereotype from people that have n't been there or have n't read any report on crime rates . 
  some people are saying you 're wrong , but we need some perspective . 
  during the summer the whole country moves to the coast . 
  today is a holiday here and i passed literaly half of zagreb on my bike to see a single person . 
  everyone is on the coast . 
  but on any other day zagreb is fun and full of life . 
  not like belgrade ( which is a bigger city with a party reputation ) , but there are lots of stuff to do . 
  and yet we have lower crime rates than the us and cherish a ban on capital punishment as a basic right . 
  funny how that works . 
  amsterdam has a shitload more to offer than just smoking pot . 
  a couple of years ago i would say nokia . 
  i predict a bright future for you . 
  precise reports on the subject are hard to find so crunching statistics is one of the ways to go . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.unodc.org/unodc/en/frontpage/greater-stability-in-the-balkans-is-lowering-crime.html ) is one source that focuses more on the balkans . 
  van gogh museum , rijksmuseum , the canals , anne frank 's house and the fact that it 's one of the best cities to live in the world is n't good enough ? 
  from a pr standpoint amsterdam should build a huge eiffel tower wannabe and use that , but a lot of people who travel can live without tourist sinkhole attractions . 
  i 'm not advocating getting rid of it , but losing the red light district and pot could be used to widen the attractions on another front and attract other types of tourists . 
   it is foolish to suggest that amsterdam will not lose the vast majority of its tourist revenue if this goes through . 
  i 'm not for * it * to go though , but since we 're talking hypothetics ... sure amsterdam will lose some revenue but majority is really a big estimation , especially because ...
