  gosh , that would be just peachy , would n't it ? 
  i 'm sorry for trying to recognize if it 's my fucking phone ringing . 
  plenty of people have the ringing sound , but i have yet to meet a person using the start of tenacious d' master exploder . 
  no , it 's not me showing my personality . 
  it 's me knowing if it 's my phone ringing . 
  yes , i got an offer to go , but i ca n't get the visa and , frankly , it 's a very embarrasing process to get it so out of some principles i 'll wait ... also , i would go only for a couple of weeks or months . 
  a week or two is n't enough to see everything i want , from ny to california , the south and seattle ... 
  so much stuff to see . 
  i 'm not so much into nature and i 've got [ that ] ( http://www.sal.wur.nl/nr/rdonlyres/6145215a-eed5-4a9e-b3f1-dc248b839301/81446/plitvice2.jpg ) kind of [ stuff ] ( http://www.croatia-nudistsbeaches-scubadiving.com/images/bol.jpg ) at home , so i 'd rather swim around normal folks . 
  go to a game in chicago , listen to an underground band in seattle , lynch a black person in alabama ... 
  there 's really a lot of stuff to see . 
  incredibly long list of stuff . 
  cons :, 
  - it 's expensive to cross the atlantic, 
  - it 's expensive for to look at everything , time consuming too, 
  - it 's a bitch to get a visa and get harrased on the airport after that, 
  i agree . 
  i 'm not interested in the classic tourist way , only to see fancy and pretty destinations . 
  i want to see the ghettos , projects , copy/paste suburbs , huge malls ... everything . 
  i 'd shoot a trailer full of puppies for a million bucks . 
  shit , for 1,5 mil i 'd eat them too . 
  it 's lifetime 's pay where i live . 
  i would n't rate my english skillz ( joke !, 
  ) , but most of non-native speakers like me i 've met on reddit wrote very well . 
  with the amount of american culture we 're surrounded every day it 's nothing special . 
  me too , gmt +1 here . 
  i always join the karma train too late . 
  i love it , but anything over 7 minutes is just a hassle to listen . 
  but i 'll bookmark it and come back soon to see if they have a new track . 
  it 's pretty much standard in europe . 
  true . 
  nobody i know eats at mcdonalds as a meal , in 50 % of the cases it 's just for a quick snack or a lunch break at work . 
  ( not sure if joking ), 
  you really have to put a sarcasm tag on everything these days . 
  imgur has problems with all images , and you 're looking like an asshole with crying `` censorship '' before thinking for a second . 
  i have about 15 screenshots of news sites when pope john paul ii died . 
  4 years later i still do n't know why i did it . 
  i did n't know that , since imageshack works like crap in opera , while imgur makes it simple to upload and link to images . 
  it 's a great movie that flashed with the light of a thousand suns and made me interested about a genre i usually do n't care about . 
  why make a sequel ? 
  ruin the perfectly rounded storyline ? 
  it 's only about the money now . 
  a full meal . 
  english is not my native language , i do n't know how to call a short meal . 
  it 's called `` new york ai n't america '' but i ca n't find in what book it is . 
  if i knew german it would be on my `` to move '' list . 
  i 've visited a couple of times and * love * it . 
  i read the guardian , bbc and ny times as my main sources . 
  ars technica and wired for it news . 
  i 'm not from the us . 
  although i seriously dislike blair , the `` eu president '' position is largly ceremonial and does n't mean much . 
  i would prefer someone else , but it simply does n't matter enough to punch the wall in anger . 
  i 'm from croatia and i 'm sure i 'd find people who speak it , but for a proper life german is important . 
  vienna was on my short list for college but the cost was too high . 
  the position of the so called `` eu president '' is a small part of the lisbon treaty , which is a different subject . 
  so the propaganda and everything around it is centered on the whole treaty , not only this small part . 
  also , this is about blair , not anyones approval of the treaty . 
  i do n't agree on the position , but it might be good for the eu to have a single face and person who will represent it . 
  if you do n't believe me , read the treaty , find the conspiracy in it . 
  it sure would , but i do n't get it why people are getting so upset about this . 
  it 's a not so important function and a politician that 's slimey on the same level as most of them . 
   played the flute in band, 
  sooo , this one time , at band camp ... 
  [ red hot chili peppers - under the bridge ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ybgulsxppbo ), 
  if you knew someone who died because of drugs , you 'll appreciate it . 
  thought about reading it , but i do n't want to be such a fanboy . 
  was there something special about it that i would n't know ? 
  i wonder did anyone else notice that it 's the same thing like when redditors say `` thank you for your service '' to soldiers posting their ama 's and comments . 
  you lie !, 
  so ... just stalling the proceedings is a good enough reason to kill two people ? 
  [ high fidelity ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0146882/ ) and [ pulp fiction ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0110912/ ), 
  any day . 
  i 'd upvote you if it were n't for the last sentence . 
  i upvoted you now , but only because i feel your frustration with ads . 
  me too . 
  and while i do n't think you 're ruining the internet ( that 's the jews ) , i disagree with filtering all ads . 
  not because i run sites with them ( adsense ) or because i know people who live because of them , but because it 's a tad irrational and paranoid . 
  opera has a great feature , block content , that let 's people block specific elements , which i do on sites that overdo it , that molest my eyes and brain with obnoxious ads . 
  but 90 % of sites i regularly visit do n't do that and have a fair relationship with their readership . 
  i for one would have a problem filtering ads on reddit , and sites i know depend on them . 
  did n't we already came to the conclusion that most of your politicians do n't care about your health . 
  they ca n't pass legislation that provides you with healthcare , why would they care about the simptoms that lead to people needing it ? 
  also , the sales of those products probably outweight the loss of money that come later . 
  i 'm more fascinated with the fact that my dad and me still work with tools that were bought in the 50s and are solid as they were on their first day . 
  someone who works in diplomacy or somehow has something to do with international relations . 
  screwing a foreign girl does n't count . 
  god damnit , what 's next , your sister on reddit ? 
  why are people downvoting this ? 
  it 's a normal question to ask , maybe a little uninformed , but there 's no reason for downvoting . 
  man , i do n't even have an opinion ... 
  i love old insider usenet jokes . 
  miami is too flashy , new york is kinda grim , but i like las vegas . 
  i would lie my ass off . 
  `` no , the government is not too big '' `` i have no idea how to make a bomb '' `` there is no pornography on my laptop '', 
  a couple of years ago , i was a kid , and ended up at the police with my parents . 
  them finding out that i was being sued for nasty stuff was n't even nearly embarrasing to me as confessing to downloading porn . 
  i think the cops did it for the lulz . 
  do n't know about you , but i 'll be pretty happy not to fight in a war like my father and grandfather . 
  well , define freedom for me . 
  no slavery ( done ) , womens suffrage ( done ) , gay marriage ?
