  every smartphone i owned could play video , but most of them needed recoding because of hardware restrictions . 
  i say most , because some devices were strong enough to handle most videos available online at that time . 
  audio ? 
  every platform had a in-built audio player , and 3rd party software was even better , with streaming and great controls . 
   no phone had ever offered a desktop-like web browser experience, 
  opera and nokia browser both gave desktop-grade browsing experiences before apple marketed the hell out of it . 
   sophisticated sdks and phones were strangers to each other, 
  say that to s60 and wm apps i made in 2004 . 
  i once pissed on their embassy in my country . 
  i 'm usually the one bitching about sites not thinking about mobile users . 
  but really , big picture rules and it 's made for viewing rather big pictures , which does n't make sense on a small screen . 
  almost every developed country had a nuclear weapons program in some phase . 
  i get it , but it is a site made for looking at big , gorgeous pictures . 
  it does n't make any sense to be frugal about content like that , or online video . 
  it 's not a problem if i 'm looking at small graphs or just illustrations , but these are pictures meant to be watched in their full glory , and the way big picture does it is the most convenient . 
  i would really like to see the list of `` worst people ever '' . 
  are they made over a body count , record of brutal behaviour or just of being mean ? 
  let 's not throw around x is worse than y statements . 
  they do n't make any sense . 
  gosh , dick cheney let himself go after going out of office . 
  notice the url you pasted , notice the original artists page , notice the text below the image . 
  full circle . 
  he seems like a douchebag and i do n't like his music . 
  edit : oh great , 6 people downvoted me for my opinion . 
  thanks guys . 
  wow , my head almost exploded now ... 
  how can i say he 's a douchebag ? 
  i do n't know him , and do n't know enough . 
  i listened to some music and read a little about him , and by that i got to my conclusion that he * seems * like that . 
  if i said he is a douche you could give me the same argument . 
  you are the one making assumptions here , i just gave my limited opinion which i allowed to be wrong ( with the * seems * part ) ... nobody said `` i do n't think you 're right , let me explain '' , only downvotes by rabid fanboys . 
  that said , i do n't like thom yorke and think ron paul is a loonie . 
  if i get downvotes i 'd at least like to earn them . 
  have you read ephraim kishon 's story about switzerland ? 
  in short , he carries a wrapper of a chocolate bar for days because everything is so clean he could n't throw it . 
  it 's satire , but is there truth in that ? 
  what made you study that ? 
  i live in croatia so i 'm interested ... 
  it 's kinda sad if you think about it ... 
  here you are on reddit , getting all this praise from everybody just because you did a really simple thing well . 
  not just well , but the way it has to be . 
  we should be having the big picture as a norm , a standard , and having ama 's for sites giving out free blowjobs and unicorns . 
  that said , you are doing a great job and i enjoy tbp very much . 
  it 's one of the rare sites my not-so-computer-literate friends and family visit . 
  such a simple concept and yet i find very much joy in it . 
  you 'd be [ surprised ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/9rgos/web_browser_with_adblocking_turned_on_by_default/c0e3pls ) . 
  here 's a kyuss [ cover ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4mji0khx4-s ) of into the void . 
  shit , i love kyuss :(, 
  i walk , mostly to college ( 3 km , 1,8 mi ) and work ( 16 km , 10 km ) . 
  i also have a route i do through town , some 8 km ( 5 miles ) in both ways . 
  he seems like a really elaborate troll . 
   i can fit 51 gummy bears in my mouth . 
  brb going to the store . 
  he was at a conference in my city on monday . 
  as a member of the press i got the chance to meet him , but i did n't make it in time . 
  i was in a class called theory of political economics at the time . 
  i did n't get the irony right away . 
  did not have any foreign policy ? 
  how can a sovereign nation * not * have that ? 
  ok , prove it . 
  * waiting *, 
  what ? 
  the awards committee does n't release the names of any candidates and keeps records sealed for 50 years ? 
  you do n't say . 
  when i posted it , my comment was -2 or something like that , meaning that most people had a problem with * any * ads . 
  putting aside the possibility that he said that only to get publicity , this does n't mean anything . 
  strafefire insinuated that there was a big meeting and a committee that actually thought of peacemakers and choose to candidate bush . 
  it was just the opinion of a single person , a politician , not a council of elders that actually have a say in it . 
  he could have nominated saddam hussein if he wanted , but that does n't say anything about his peace making abilities . 
  i will follow you and upvote every comment you make , just because of kyuss . 
  maybe . 
  girls . 
  fuck this guy . 
  show me the fucking page , if my broken browser does n't show it perfectly it 's my fucking problem , not his . 
  i use opera , but i 'm frequently stuck in locations where i 'm limited to old shitty software like ie6 and i just * love * cocky webmasters being snotty about it . 
  fuck you and the throne you 're sitting on . 
  sarah palin seems close . 
  since your game will lose almost all functionality , it 's ok , you have a good reason to do it , but this guy has none . 
  the site looks like a blog with limited original content , but i 've been in situations where i just needed a piece of textual information and a dumbass webmaster decided that he 'll rather tell me i 'm using an old browser than show me the broken page . 
  everybody 's jumping on this `` hate ie6 '' bandwagon and i understand the reasons for that , but my web sites are viewable in all browsers regardless of their quality . 
  i still have 16 % of people visiting me from ie6 ( twice more than opera and three times more than chrome ) and i do n't intend to cut support anytime soon . 
  i can understand it if the site is full of ajax , uses advanced css or whatever , but on sites where people come for text content ... 
  it should be viewable , however broken it might be , with mosaic . 
  also , w3c says : 84 errors , 44 warning ( s ) . 
  only if it formes babby . 
  upvoted for effort . 
  i 'm not from the us so this whole healthcare reform thing is baffling for me . 
  punks not dead . 
  i saw the other day in the economist that jerry brown is running for governer of california . 
  i chuckled , even though i live on the other side of the planet . 
  thanks jello . 
  this is scary . 
  and essencially wrong . 
  but the army has a positive role in turkey where it preserves the original kemalist tradition of the country . 
  there have been three coups , the last one in the 80s and it was n't seen as negative by most of the public . 
  a healthy society should n't have the armed forces interfering into governmental matters , but some times it 's the last line . 
   i 've brought in low six figures this year so far . 
  so , you 're making more money than facebook ? 
  abbie hoffman used to do that . 
  huge upvote for you .
