  reddit does not dissapoint . 
  very interesting . 
  - in the rare situations you talk to people , are you awkward or do you consider yourself to be socially inept ? 
  - how are you sure you do n't like people ? 
  you read books , browse the web and probably interact with people through sites like reddit ... 
  i knew a couple of people who always kept to themselves and had the need to talk to them and get them out of their bubble . 
  two out of three times it worked and i got to know them . 
  do you think that could happen to you ? 
  could you please answer this :, 
  how are you sure you do n't like people ? 
  you read books , browse the web and probably interact with people through sites like reddit . 
  i find your situation very interesting because i ca n't imagine that someone can live without human interaction and friends . 
  your arguments are valid ( people * do * suck and i am the best person for me , the same as you are the best person for you ) , but i do n't get how you 're not willing to lose some comfort to meet people and see how it 'll work out . 
  corny , but upvoted . 
  maybe becuse you never tried ? 
  ok , not never , but in recent years . 
  sorry if i 'm being harsh or too direct , but i find you very interesting . 
  what do you think about the app store in general ? 
  there are more than 100 000 apps , how do you think apple will deal with the enormous amount of apps , and the failing quality ? 
  something about piracy ? 
  i 'm not sure , that 's why i put the question mark . 
  i know that they 've been accusing us for blocking them . 
  he 's not the first president of europe . 
  three mistakes :, 
  - europe is a continent , there are more than 200 million people living in europe who are not part of the eu . 
  - he 's not the president of europe , eu or whatever , he 's the president of the european council . 
  - he 's not the first president of the european council , he 's the first permanent president . 
  edit : i am extremely pleased that this got upvoted this much . 
  my most upvoted comments were until now were memes and dumb jokes . 
  really fair of you . 
  prick . 
  they were tried at the icty , the international court which happens to be based in the hague . 
  an australian , judge kevin parker made the sentence . 
  i 'm not sure you 're getting me . 
  the court is a un institution , its location is irrelevant since it workes on principles of international law , its employees are from around the world and i 'll repeat : it is an * international court * . 
  californians have the real schwarzenegger , we 've got the fake stallone . 
  i know you 're joking , but lookup [ charlesmagne ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/charlesmagne ) . 
  he 's often called the father of europe . 
  not for that , and not then . 
  i was at ovcara a few years ago . 
  it 's a haunting sight . 
  the court could have been in the middle of texas , and the crime could have been commited in new york , and it would still be the same sentence . 
  piss on the judge and the internationa community , because the locations in this matter do n't mean anything . 
  countries of former yugoslavia were practicly forced to accept icty as their court and transfered some constitutional powers to them , effectivly losing a part of their ( our ) independence . 
  so we ca n't trial someone for war crimes , but have to send them there and expect a fair trial . 
  and yes , it is fucking weak . 
  even more weak to see them coming home and having a hero 's welcome . 
   i moved away a few years later and last i heard she had joined the air force . 
  like a non-orphan non-cyclops version of turanga leela , with red hair instead of purple . 
  awesome . 
  so are most redditors . 
  most croats that live abroad ( germany , austria , usa , australia , south america ) emigrated when the situation was tough and most of them live by the saying `` boze cuvaj hrvatsku , odoh ja u njemacku '' , which mean `` god save croatia , i 'm going to germany '' . 
  it has more sense in croatian because it rhymes and describes the mentality very well . 
  on vienna . 
  i was there lots of times and i 'm going again in a couple of weeks . 
  in my opinion it is a wonderful city , and i 'm in love with the middle europe architecture and way of life , the same reason i love zagreb . 
  i read the whole thing and mostly agree . 
  but :, 
   it 's easier and more logical to have large , centralised museums than having artefacts spread out over their many countries of origin . 
  these museums should be located within the largest , most visited and most easily accessible cities of their continent . 
  this is not fair to small or poor countries . 
  windows mobile does n't . 
  that 's the fee to get your apps on the marketplace , but your apps and your device are free . 
  what 's the setup ? 
  ugly but functional . 
  in croatia , the constitution guarranties free education , and for most people it is free , the maximum price is one months pay for a semester . 
  but a couple of months ago students asked for their rights and did a similar thing , but much better . 
  there was a committee formed in every school where anyone could participate and voted for a blocade , so most high education institutions ( about 70 % of universities if i 'm correct ) were blocked for a couple of weeks . 
  the blocades were stopped the same way they started , with a democratic process where anyone could say what they want and vote the way they want . 
  the same way it was done in 1971 . 
  california students could learn something from us . 
  vukovar was before unprofor existed . 
  you 're compairing apples to oranges , sarajevo looks like a normal middle european city with a hint of oriental architecture while mogadishu is a typical arab city with some italian influence . 
  it was n't a response to vukovar , it was just a regular peacekeeping mission who needed to ensure conditions for peace talks . 
  the world looked on as numerous other crimes on all sides happened and did n't do shit until it was too late . 
  and yes , it was a cockup , even today in these parts blue helmets , unprofor , sfor and the un are synonyms for impotent and non-efficient organizations or movements . 
  look at it any way you want , but vukovar was only the first in a series of massacres which the international community did n't stop , even when having troops on the ground . 
   as a corollary to that , are you paid to submit content from them or affiliated sites ? 
  i do n't see the relevance in that . 
  reddit is a social site which means that popular support is crucial for getting on the first page . 
  if it is interesting or in any other way relevant to our fellow redditors , it will get upvoted . 
  someones motive for posting does n't matter . 
  in that case , i 'm sorry for my mistake . 
  i 'm not sure you know , but the university recently said that education will be free , but the department of education disagrees . 
  i 'm preparing a lenghty reply for your comment from the other day , do n't worry , 
  hey lily , i found out about you from downloading your songs , and later bought a concert ticket worth more than all your albums . 
  i 'll be sure not to make that mistake again . 
  christopher waltz in inglourious basterds and ewan mcgregor in trainspotting . 
  really ? 
  something special about it or in general ? 
  ah , have n't seen srdja for years now , i did n't know he had a gig after being a spokesperson for republika srpska and publicly defending war criminals . 
  it 's not ad hominem , but the guy is a conservative lackey and 90 % of stuff he writes should n't be taken seriously . 
  that said , this article is a load of crap . 
  well , if people upvote the link it 's not spam anymore , if it 's real people , not bots . 
  not really , there were a couple of big protests in the 90s , although workplace occupation was and still is frequent . 
  i was always pissed because students only got off their asses recently , they did n't protest until the 70s . 
  that is so gay . 
  and weird , because i 'd do the same thing . 
  thank you for being so rational about this . 
  it 's no secret that the us ( and other countries ) used covert and illegal operations to help croatian and bosnian forces , but in the article a couple of things are off :,
