   amsterdam without the vice is just another brussels or copenhagen . 
  ... brussels has the reputation of one of the dullest capitals in europe , and i 'm sure smoking pot and fucking prostitutes is n't the dealbreaker when deciding whether to go to copenhagen or amsterdam ... it 's a fun and active city with or without it . 
  but our discussion does n't have make any sense without some figures and i could n't find any . 
  which was unnecessary . 
  who does n't know about columbo ? 
  oh look , a popular song posted to r/music . 
  what is the purpose of posting a popular song to r/music except pure karmawhoring ? 
  we could all benefit from getting to know some unknown song or artist , but posting a king crimson song just because you feel like it has no benefits for anyone . 
  because when you call 911 , nothing happens , right ? 
  which only highlights * your * bad pre-parenting . 
  i always like to point out this quote , i think it 's from stalin :, 
   `` this war is being fought with british brains , american brawn , and russian blood . '', 
  it is unfair to downplay any front . 
   if people find this subreddit too bland and populist i have no problem with them unsubscribing from here, 
  that 's my problem . 
  this is the most popular music subreddit and out of the first 100 submissions only five have 20 or more comments . 
  the only things that get attention here are `` what 's your favorite song '' and karmawhoring like this one . 
  i stay here because once in a full moon i find a cool new song , a new band , have a cool discussion . 
   and subscribing to those instead . 
  i have too much subscribed subreddits and if i were to follow every genre i 'm interested in my front page would explode . 
  funk does n't interest me at all , but i found a very cool funk song here the other day . 
  should i follow r/funk instead and see content i like maybe once a month ? 
   that said , if you have any suggestions on what you think should be done here , i 'd be happy to hear them . 
  since people upvote this stuff i guess i 'm in the wrong here and i 'm the problem . 
  i sent you some suggestions concerning r/europe though , have you seen those ? 
  one possible solution is a new subreddit that would have the same scope r/music has , but with content moderation . 
  some people wo n't like it and it would be a long journey until it gets decent content and spark interesting discussions . 
  as this subreddit proves , even more than 130k ( registered ) users do n't guarantee a good commenting section . 
  i 'd love to hear about any other ideas as well . 
  great pic . 
  somewhere near the upper town ? 
  warren ellis ? 
  could you be more precise ? 
  i 'm from zagreb but i ca n't pinpoint where it is . 
  watch and read high fidelity . 
  russia is a federation so calling republics reservations is a bit too much . 
  my bike got stolen two days ago . 
  it still hurts . 
  i 'm watching a documentary about the korean war and the bombing runs are awful to look at . 
  completely indiscriminate bombing . 
  thanks . 
  how low could i go with the dpi ? 
  the posters will be on my wall and looked from more than one meter . 
  no good reason ? 
  opera still has a lot of fans for an underdog browser , and some features are still unavailable or complicated on other browsers . 
  sounds like something tracy jordan would say . 
  my main problem is finding high resolution posters so i have to use what i can find . 
  that link is a bigger sin than us foreign policy . 
  that 's what my station has . 
  completely digital but we keep a turntable just in case . 
  i fucking knew this works !, 
  thanks for the advice reddit !, 
  modern music industry says hello . 
  i sure hope it is . 
  i loved that show . 
  anyone else ? 
  it says `` dutch driving test '' , but i can swear this was pictured in my hometown . 
  all the other times i saw this picture . 
  nobody mentioned traveler . 
  oh come on , 11 months ... 
   as long as she legally licenses it , she can use what she wants , and he has no authority . 
  can someone confirm this ? 
  where i live artists reserve the right to block licencing if they wish . 
  as a european , i love reading about the differences between us states , the history , laws and people that makes them different . 
  actually , the number of wars and people killed by diseases are in decline . 
   in 2005 the disease killed 2.1 m people . 
  in 2009 , the most recent year for which data are available , the number was 1.8 m. 
  some 5m lives have already been saved by drug treatment . 
  in 33 of the worst-affected countries the rate of new infections is down by 25 % or more from its peak . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.economist.com/node/18774722?story_id=18774722 ), 
   yet as political scientist joshua goldstein demonstrates in a forthcoming book , the incidence of international war -- wars between two or more states -- has been declining for 70 years . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.foreignpolicy.com/articles/2011/06/07/dont_fear_the_reaper?page=0%2c1 ), 
  is n't it obvious ? 
  it 's a year old , the guy got a lot of comments and a lot of upvotes , meaning that it 's not some hidden gem that somebody found , but something that 's well known and recognized . 
  the union state is very loose . 
  by that logic , all of the content from the mythical `` year ago '' age should be reposted again ? 
  there 's a reason you ca n't comment or upvote content older than 6 months . 
  because it has already been submitted ? 
  because reddit is n't my mom 's forwarded e-mail ? 
  because loads of people have seen it already ? 
  i do n't want to be a snob , but if you missed something maybe you should check out some subreddit or other site with a slower pace . 
  thanks , i 'll check it out . 
  i 'd guess that it depends what level of control tom petty gave to his label . 
  ie comes with most computers sold in the world . 
  opera has to be manually downloaded . 
  she will be one of the headliners on [ terraneo festival ] ( http://www.terraneofestival.com/en/lineup.aspx ) in \u0160ibenik , croatia this summer . 
  i 'm plugging it here because it will probably be the best ( and cheapest ) festival this summer . 
  your logic does n't make sense . 
  it 's not that foreign moderators will be non biased by default , but that there is a bigger chance of that because us politics do n't effect the rest of us that directly . 
  somebody living in the us ca n't be less biased than a foreigner . 
  notice that he did n't replace all the mods with foreign ones , but just added some foreign ones . 
  even if i do n't completely agree with all the new rules , i stand by the effort to make this subreddit better and propose that you ( the mods ) always employ maximum transparency . 
  i 'm not disputing your point . 
  just the common misconception that today are the worst of times . 
  and that 's not all , about 8 more bands will be announced and there 's a strong rumour going around about the strokes . 
  some other great things : most bands wo n't overlap , the location is excellent , it 's cheap and it 's a festival made by people who love what they do - all major corporate sponsors were rejected . 
   suuns and chad vangaalen, 
  let me guess ... you 're canadian ? 
  i do n't know ... snatch was a pretty good movie . 
  was expecting the legendary [ eddie izzard clip ] ( http://youtu.be/n0onquiv89g ) .
