  the first hoi took months out of my life . 
  ivan . 
  john in english . 
  and no , not related to crazy ivan . 
   these need disposed of - preferably in beautiful , cleansing fire . 
  this one gave you away . 
  just dump the bitch , you do n't have to kill her . 
  green day . 
  i 've got friends that listen to 80s pop and 90s eurotechno so my shame ca n't be bigger than theirs . 
  i ca n't talk for the brits , but in my country the money is share between the public tv station , a small part to other stations depending on popularity and to build more infrastructure , subside filmmakers and other artist . 
  because of that public tv can have less ads and broadcast things that are not commercially viable , like education and culture . 
  [ you keep me hanging on ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bnyru0fkhay ) by kim wilde . 
  or the end by the doors . 
   actually every cell phone made since 2005 ( in the us , i do n't know about elsewhere ) has gps hardware built in, 
  csi or ncis ? 
  because it 's bullshit . 
  people do n't know what other ways of locating a phone there are so the shows just say gps and that 's it . 
  the point is damage that you 'll do to other people , not just yourself . 
  / european binge drinker, 
  great domain name . 
  do it . 
  it 's easy to set up and very practical if you use google services often . 
  [ stuck in the middle with you ... ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gy6cqfiljqo ), 
  kotaku and eurogamer . 
  kinda old news , qt started porting it more than a [ year ] ( http://labs.trolltech.com/blogs/2008/10/20/were-porting-qt-to-s60/ ) ago . 
  ivan . 
  i posted there too . 
  i was the first generation not to be conscripted in croatia , but there is a mandatory physical exam when you 're 18 so that you could be drafted in case of war . 
  here 's a [ pic ] ( http://imgur.com/edegh ) of my military id book thingie . 
  do n't worry , if full war broke out everyone from 16 to 45 would get drafted . 
  * everyone * kills hitler on their first time . 
  nice story , but ... 
   also , i 'm 20 and the waiter did n't card me when i confidently ordered the champagne , so that was also pretty damn awesome . 
  it 's that strict that you have to mention it as awesome ? 
  i always thought it 's 21 but the waiter/bartender was n't so strict and that there is an understanding that it would be ok if the person is a little under the age . 
  what are you doing here ? 
  did i do something wrong ? 
  i 'm on -1 now and do n't get what the deal is . 
  most of the countries i 've been in had 18 as a limit , but the unwritten rule was that over 16 is cool . 
  have n't been to the us so i 'm wondering ( and getting downvoted ) . 
  i know that it 's 21 , but i did n't know about the militant part . 
  upvoted for explaining , not downvoting like other people . 
  i do n't think so , yugoslavia was n't considered to be a part of the eastern front until it was too late for the germans . 
  btw , one of my relatives fought `` the ss somewhere in slavonia '' , so it might be the prinz eugen . 
  small world , right . 
  wow , from my perspective this is really shocking . 
  i 've been busted a few times but there 's a quiet understanding that if you do n't do anything dumb and too public you 'll be ok . 
  a woman . 
  let 's save him from a crappy puberty . 
  it 's called sarcasm . 
  last time i checked colbert did n't invent it . 
  without discussing the truth of your statements , is that a good reason to ban homosexuality ? 
  while he is funny , i do n't find his sarcasm better than eddie izzards , or any other british comedian ... not to mention that he 's fairly unknown outside the us , so `` iconic '' is out of the question . 
  oh , and ... 
  no u, 
  hah , as if you 'd find a guy wearing a top hat and a monocle looking to get laid with them on somewhere else . 
  you are a cruel mofo . 
  i 'm browsing reddit from my phone , under a blanket in bed . 
  it 's almost 3 pm and i still do n't want to get out . 
  i feel ya . 
  wait , you work for the guardian ? 
  hitler did n't do that , germans did . 
  they were destroyed in wwi and got back to former glory , they were again humiliated and destroyed in wwii , but they got back on their feet . 
  even after the reunification , germany has one of the largest economies in the world and is the biggest exporter today . 
  it 's just the people and their sense of work and pride . 
  enjoy your 3 inch screen . 
  will anyone notice ? 
  well if you want to go knee deep in codenames , it 's sapphire . 
  htc did n't used to give devices the same codenames in internal documents and in sales , so i 'm counting it as sapphire . 
  good phone . 
  i started taking deep breaths in the middle of your story , just describing how you felt was making me uncomfortable . 
  it 's a good thing everyone uses a powerful 3g phone with lots of processing power and memory , like you . 
  that 's the reason mobile versions exist . 
  if everyone could install opera mini and surf the way it 's meant , i 'm sure it would be easy for developers . 
  most phones on the world are dumb ones and locked be operators , so their choices are limited . 
  it 's the mobile version or no version . 
  imho , the perfect solution would be redirecting on a mobile version according to screen resolution , with a link to the classic version that leaves a cookie . 
  my fault , i did n't notice it the first time , and saw the second edit only now . 
  but there are a lot of people in the thread bitching about mobile versions in general . 
  most countries in europe have some kind of sales tax . 
  [ iron maiden - the trooper ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dtad9cd8hvw ), 
  i 'm a journalist , not a musician , and i write notes and even whole articles on my phone so it 's nothing uncommon if i 'm not around my pc . 
  then again , i back it up to my memory card , nokia ovi and google via sync in a matter of seconds after saving it so i guess i 'm safe . 
  silly english and their silly names . 
  just refresh again . 
   if i 'm not around my pc, 
  what other idea do you have for quick notes and parts of text ? 
  today , i was in the bank and had a software review to finish . 
  i took my e71 ( qwerty keyboard ) and used previous notes to write a third of the review ( 1600 characters ) and back it up online . 
  when i 'm at home i write on my laptop , when i 'm at work on my work pc , when i 'm on the move and have to write something then i got my phone . 
  qwerty keyboards on phones have really broken the work limit . 
  it 's not the most comfortable way , but it 's such a problem . 
  it 's a joke . 
  haha , oh my god i did n't know that . 
  thank you and goodbye . 
   coincidentally two dutch soldiers did defend the civilians but where quickly killed , i believe they now have streets in sebrenica named after them . 
  do you have a source on that ? 
  it sounds interesting . 
  size of a military force does n't have to mean anything and parallels with ussr 's war in afghanistan are mostly wrong . 
  if only they had some sort of an option , like a slider ... something to regulate the volume of the speaker .
