  * looks through his window *, 
  pretty calm here guys . 
  hipsters , hipsters everywhere . 
  let 's not confuse stupidity with fascism , please . 
  both are getting very similar , i wonder when they 'll be one piece of software for a lot of platforms . 
  i support unions as well . 
  the harm they can do is outweighed by the good . 
  but what i hate about them is unreasonable entitlement some of them demand and get because they are too influential and not ceding to them would be suicide for employers . 
  i see this all of the time , although that kind of unions are in a minority . 
  the other thing i hate is when unions get hijacked by politics and become patsies of whoever is ruling at the moment . 
  not sure if this happens in other countries , but in mine deposed union leaders go into politics and become members of parliament , forgetting the workers in the mean time . 
   everywhere . 
   all english speaking countries . 
  which is n't everywhere . 
  most camp guards were shot after liberation . 
   let me ask you a question , do you think this person deserves to live after what he had done ? 
  or even this person ? 
  actually i do . 
  the state has no business taking lives . 
  because you are forgetting hundreds of years of history and many bloody wars ? 
  i have no problem with serbs ( and wish i was on exit in novi sad right now ) , but i wo n't pretend we 're the same people . 
  not really , most balkan discussions on reddit have been peaceful lately . 
  hrvat reporting in . 
  to end this right now :, 
   i am equally proud of my serbian origin and my croatian fatherland . 
  it 's surprising that i saw a couple of great bible discussions on reddit , but when someone starts the subject ( as a submission ) it gets buried because of militant atheists that ca n't stand even discussions about it . 
  i 'm an atheist myself , but the subject is very interesting . 
  no it would not . 
  saw grinderman the other day , met warren ellis on the street before the concert . 
  more moderating , not necessarily bans . 
  priests said it was self defence against their way of life . 
  split mayor and local tycoon said he will build a statue of jesus over the city , larger than the one in rio de janeiro . 
  that 's the reason i 'm not spending one kuna in split this summer . 
  i paused for a second and wanted to imagine what that would look like . 
  the only thing i got were flashbacks from the west wing , so i 'm thinking : that show had a heavy liberal bias , something i loved about it , but was it propaganda in any way ? 
  i agree with your point , but mladic was extradited and is on trial in the hague , not serbia . 
  there are good pop punk bands that i can live with . 
  the original ramones have that base covered . 
  ( i actually like them , but 450 pages of their biography i just finished took a toll on me ), 
  early green day , offspring , nofx , some bad religion and buzzcocks could be considered pop punk , thermals ... 
  in that case we should make everything legal . 
  every crime problem ever solved with one legal act . 
  that argument does n't make sense for every single thing you know . 
  i have a faint memory of the largest protests in history protesting the war . 
  most of the people speak english , so that 's not a problem . 
  hello - dobar dan ( good day ), 
  please - molim, 
  thank you - hvala, 
  sorry - oprosti ( personal ) and oprostite ( more formal , to people you do n't know ), 
  yes - da, 
  no - ne, 
  a beer in a cafe or restaurant would be about two euros . 
  one euro in the store . 
  a pizza for one with a drink would be 10-15 euros at most . 
  bus and train fare depends where you 're going , i 'm going to pula in two weeks from zagreb and a two way ticket is about 170 kuna / 23 euros . 
  you should probably go to rijeka first , i doubt there 's a direct line to plitvice . 
  it should n't be a big problem if you 're ready to go early and come back late . 
  5 . and 6 . 
  if you 're only in pula i ca n't help you there . 
  if you 're in pula when i 'm there i can probably find the time . 
  [ wikitravel ] ( http://wikitravel.org/en/croatia ) is a good source on stuff i did n't mention . 
  the cheapest one is 132 , the most expensive 202 kn . 
   serbo-croatian is nostalgic and angry ( it has excellent swearwords that can make anyone blush ), 
  damn straight . 
  creative swearing is a regional passtime . 
   everybody should have this knowledge , from kids to adults . 
  except , you know , millions of people that wo n't see a gun except on a cop in their entire lifetime . 
  less ? 
  most europeans will spend their lives not even seeing a gun . 
   formerly hs2000, 
  it 's still sold as that in a lot of places . 
  will you learn to drive a tractor too ? 
  you never know when you 're gon na need it ... 
  seinfeld did it !, 
  you know what my point is . 
  because there are more useful things to know ? 
  or , you know , use common sense ? 
  it 's not exactly science fiction . 
   common sense is not exactly common, 
  and we go back to my original argument : guns are n't common in many places . 
  this knowledge ( like any knowledge ) can be useful , but completely irrelevant to a lot of people . 
  this subreddit wo n't miss a chance to rub one out every time lady gaga is mentioned . 
   what is your attitude ? 
  it was for the better . 
  the whole process of disintegration hurt my country more than a thousand years in yugoslavia could . 
  nationalism , war crimes , economic crimes , indoctrination that happened during and after the war poisoned us for years to come . 
  economic and diplomatic benefits that staying in yugoslavia would have brought would be pretty sweet though : imagine a free market of 24 million people , federalised but with a single ( western ) foreign policy , a single army and financial system . 
  a good `` what if '' story . 
   why do you think yugoslavia disintegrated ? 
  a lot of factors came in a crucial moment , some of them deliberately . 
  nationalism , big egos , widespread dismay with the way the country works : slovenia and croatia did n't want to pay for roads in kosovo , we wanted a free market , more human rights , more freedom ... yugoslavia had positive sides , but repression had no place in europe in 1990 . 
  most people do n't put it in a broader geopolitical context , but every other communist/socialist country on the continent died then - so did yugoslavia . 
   how did it impact your life ? 
  directly ? 
  not much i guess , air shelter now and then , the fear on my parents faces . 
   what is your nationality and where do you live now ? 
  croat in croatia . 
  comments are most of the reason i come here , and their downfall hurts me . 
  the rivers will flow with blood of those who oppose us . 
  the `` o '' in cambodian looks strange .
