  correct . 
  i 'm an early creative user and remember the whole affair . 
  oh i had almost every model they made until zen x-fi , mosaic and these new models . 
  now that every phone is na mp3 player you ca n't find a decent one . 
   but i just do n't see the point of wasting time on fiction, 
  i had the same feeling a long time , until i found myself eating chapter after chapter of some tom clancy book , which is like porn for me . 
  guilty guilty porn . 
  most of the time i 'm jack black in high fidelity . 
  both . 
  they are very similar , although the book has a more british feel about it , and little more down to earth . 
  are you me ? 
  had the same situation :(, 
  looks like goodman . 
  nothing new . 
  kosovo ' status is still unresolved , bosnia is still gripped with internal disputes , albania has n't been stabile for five years ever since hoxha died and macedonia is stuck between greece and the rest of the world . 
  serbia has its internal dissent every now and then , mostly radicals demanding return to the dark ages or something similar . 
  yes , i 've heard of it , but i 'm still sceptical . 
  serbian internal politics are messy and i 'm hoping the radical right will begin to disappear soon enough . 
   we take a person who is , by every other measure , young , dumb , and full of cum , and we force them to decide what to do with their life with hardly any assistance . 
  that 's me . 
  i was too young to give a shit about grades so i ended up in a shitty high school i got kicked out of . 
  after five years of that i went to college because i have no other idea what to do with my life and it would give me a couple of years to figure it out . 
  not being in the us , college is very subsidised and nowadays i only go because it 's a good way to interact with people , have friends , maybe even finish it . 
  what i feel sorry is the mass of kids that go through it with their heads . 
  they have no idea what they want , they have zero practical knowledge about anything and when they finish 90 % of them will end up as mindless drones . 
  i feel lucky to have a skill and some kind of employment so when push comes to shove i can have something to work . 
  what i fear is the moment i will settle , forget my dreams of grandeur and just work for money , not strive towards what i want to be when i grow up . 
  you do n't drink nearly enough . 
  how much does a prepaid phone cost in the us ? 
  over here i could easily live with a 15 $ phone and $ 10 a month . 
  chicago , and in the book you have the parents , more dates and other stuff . 
  love them both . 
  mfw r/music becomes / mu /, 
  this is excellent material for a short movie . 
  a 20 minute skit a la the party . 
  i 'd watch it . 
  black flag ? 
  the agent likes minor threat more . 
  las vegas  new york  miami . 
  yeah , i went there . 
   but did they have to displace 800,000 palestinians in the process ? 
  not a great way to start things out with your neighbors . 
  ladut did n't say anything on that issue , yet he is downvoted to -3 as i write this . 
  as a frequent supporter of palestinian rights i was offended when my [ factually correct and sensitive post ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/fc00b/so_if_20000000_russians_died_under_stalin_and/c1eudvt?context=3 ) about some elementary jewish history was downvoted by people who ca n't stand to hear another point of view . 
  as much as i love reddit , there are a lot of kneejerk reactions about saying something positive about an issue reddit in general feels a lot about . 
  anonymous had plenty of actions before that , but because of the loose definition it 's hard to pin them all on them . 
  you missed an awesome pun opportunity there . 
  on one hand , we should use that data for good and make the best of a shitty situation . 
  on the other , there are a lot of moral problems with using data gotten through ethically wrong sources , like using illegally found evidence . 
  not sure how i stand on the issue . 
   staybehind guerilla forces, 
  extremely interesting , at least to me . 
  i 've gotten hundreds of pages of materials on that and plan to make something out of them one day . 
  only local ( ex yugoslavia ) . 
  i do n't have the time or the money to extend my research outside the region . 
  for that i 'm going to have to rely on already published documents . 
  i 'm a journalist and student so that opened some doors for me . 
  domestic forces meant for guerilla warfare after an invasion . 
  what started as an intelligence/military plans on what to do after being run over eventually descended into secret armies , half criminal organizations and parallel command structures in much of europe . 
  there are speculations about motives and conspiracies , but i 'm focusing on tangible subjects like [ operation gladio ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_gladio ) . 
  he was talking about the printing press ( a family guy quote ) . 
  [ serifs ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/serif ) are details on fonts , while serfs are a social class . 
  i 've got a question regarding the new nikolic party . 
  is he really the center right he says he is or a wolf in sheep skin ? 
  bosnia and herzegovina is a half hearted project by the western powers that is n't even nearly finished , and ignoring it ( like they are ) is only going to make it worse . 
  kosovo not so much i think . 
  i 'm more concerned about future mad scientists using the greater good as an excuse for morally reprehensible tests . 
  i 'm not talking `` stem cell research '' controversial , but `` torturing people '' bad . 
  welcome to 90 % of r/music content . 
  - look at this track from a popular band which i say is overrated and everyone agrees with me . 
  - what 's your favourite happy song ? 
  what 's your favourite depressing song ? 
  what 's your favourite concept album ? 
  what 's your favourite post-avantgarde-jazz album ? 
  - look at this video of lady gaga playing the piano . 
  is n't she talented !, 
   unsure world of the 90 's, 
  the 90 's were peachy for most of the western world in the 90 's , unlike the cold war 80 's and the war mongering 00 's . 
  zero shaggy references in this thread , for anybody ctrl+f ` in this . 
  this is bad . 
  croatia is full of tourists in june , at least the seaside is . 
  if you have any questions about croatia feel free to ask . 
  the uk is n't sure if it 's a part of europe , less so the eu . 
  while we 're at the subject , the simon and garfunkel cover is really great . 
  edit : [ found it ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y8axjbt-txw ), 
  and you 're like `` we have waited centuries for this moment . 
  the rivers will flow with the blood of those who oppose us '' . 
  right ? 
  last scene in hair . 
  i ocassionally close reddit then open it again . 
  must be a us thing because i do n't remember it , and i was glued to the damn thing . 
  reminds me of a similar thing 20 years ago , when a pilot refused to shoot at its people and defected to austria with his plane . 
  he got shot down a couple of years later . 
  [ rudolf peresin ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rudolf_pere%c5%a1in ), 
  since i do n't watch tv , that 's the best way to stay informed with some things . 
  my favourite shoe maker will announce new shoes i usually would n't register , a band will put out a new album , a store will put out special discounts for facebook users . 
  i wo n't follow any shit , but i will things that may interest me , providing they are useful and not nagging . 
  do you take bribes ? 
  what do you think of my < name of product  ? 
  i 'm an it journalist .
