  [ great song ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xj2bmq4p4cm ) , great band . 
  i hate hip hop and rap . 
  ( that seems like a good start for a -15 post ), 
  but , i respect eminem the same way i have nothing against the beastie boys and some other artists . 
  they are fun , articulate and smart , not every song is about how many hoes he banged , money he got and gangstas he shot . 
  with that in mind , i will listen to this album later , and listen to [ stan ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i4ouzrqogrs ) right now . 
  obligatory quote : `` 50 cent got more shots in the face than jenna jameson '' - chris rock, 
  upvoted because i agree , and because some asshole downvoted you . 
  interesting . 
  i never saw it like that . 
  ow shit ... this is actually good . 
   it 's easy , if you try . 
  i see what you did there . 
  i should have known better than that . 
  i googled that , the first link that came up is reddit . 
  heh , most of the balkans have an unnatural obsession with clinton , kosovo and bosnia mostly . 
  the eu had problems with agreeing internally what to do with the wars and clinton was the only one with the balls to order airstrikes , send military observers and advisors . 
  as for the palestinians , the oslo accords were more than anybody since reagan did for them . 
  i would n't say communism per se , it 's the chinese authorities he had a problem with . 
  at least that 's how i see it ... 
  if you want symbols of opposition to communism look at lech walesa . 
  not more than a day in the life . 
  this is my first pun thread so do n't let me down . 
  as i said before , he had his fair share of fuckups ... from somalia ( edit : i wanted to type sudan , but this is also true ) to iraq and lying to the american people right in the face . 
  i had sign language classes at school . 
  do you think they should be compulsory ? 
  i live in a country where 99 % of people are white , so the only contact with black culture we have are from tv and music . 
  casual racism i hear from time to time comes almost exclusivly from hip hop stereotypes , and people think that all afro-americans are like that . 
  not really related , but it 's interesting to me . 
  i agree . 
  it 's just not needed most of the time and before that i never had to communicate with a deaf person ... 
  but it was fun and i 'm glad , even for one hour a week . 
  i 'm afraid it would be . 
  you can have a great discussion on reddit , but can be downmodded for nothing only because it 's completely anonymous and simpler than trolling or discussing . 
  as i said before - stan is really all the evidence i need . 
  i 'm not familiar with the rest of his discography , so this is the top . 
  good , because it wo n't be long , i 've just seen a face of defeat . 
  we have free textbooks in most elementary schools , and many high schools . 
  aw , with that username and that smiley ... 
  i 'm all mushy and it was n't even directed at me . 
  i 'm melting , 
  with my balkan croatian i sound like niko bellic in every language . 
  guns ( and crime ) were virtually non existant ... people respected the police and the only crime around was petty theft , corruption and smuggling ( which were more like national sports really ) and occasionally a drunken brawl . 
  i grew up with that :(, 
  [ the kelly family - fell in love with an alien ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ucyjp7_ksjq ), 
  i 'm so tired of this . 
  no , i like jesus christ superstar , jesus he knows me , american pie ... 
  well , you have to prove you 're a citizen , and a passport is the ideal document for that . 
  well , this one time at band camp , i stuck a flute in my ... oh , wait , you ment church camp ? 
  i did n't go there . 
  the same thing if you went somewhere on the south with a yankees t-shirt . 
  it 's not only the team they do n't like , it 's the long long history they remember . 
  it was a very noble thing to do , without any doubt , but we must consider that the us is nothing without europe and vice versa , so helping each other is an obligation , and comes as natural . 
  the thing is that wwii is the last war that was really good vs. bad , a thing where the whole free world could agree on . 
  then let 's do this right and name all 57 of them . 
  well , i think it 's ... 
  more than a feeeeeliiing !, 
  it 's actually a good report , not something `` bad '' as the description says . 
  my grandpa was drafted into the ustashe ( nazi collaborators ) and the other one was too young to fight but was drafted into a workshop . 
  after the war he was in the navy for 6 years , part of it as a punishment , and part because of the trieste thing . 
  in the sam time i 'm proud that some family members fought with the partisans , the first armed resistance in europe and the only movement that liberated most of the country without foreign troops . 
  the war is a heavy burden on croatia even today , when arguments still rise on the subject who fought for their homeland with the nazi puppet regime or who fought for their homeland with the partisans . 
  todays croatia has not descended from ndh , but from the rights made in zavnoh in yugoslavia . 
  it was a puppet regime and found it 's end there . 
  president mesic got a lot of heat from the extreme right for apologising for those crimes in the name of croatia , and do i need to remind you that we have arrested or otherwise sent tens of our soldiers to the tribunal in hague ? 
  we have apologised . 
  and i do n't like your tone - i replied to your post to add something that bothers me today , mentioning the bad things , and you attack me and my country ? 
  i wanted to ask you what is slovenia 's perception of croatia today , but you already answered that . 
  yes , president mesic apologised directly , pm sanader and the last three leaders of parliament made public speaches about the atrocities made in jasenovac and other camps . 
  but again , it was a puppet regime that only a minority supported , and croats made the majority in the partisans fighting against it . 
  you are in no position to preach to me - i had family members killed because they were helping jews and serbs , one of them in slovenia by the domobrani . 
  i do n't know what situation you 're talking about , but i do n't have a problem believing it - the country is still torn between the right side that blames the partisans and tito and the left side that blames ustashe and tu\u0111man . 
  but the fact is that it is no longer ok to have such radical ideas , and even the right wing politicians admit what happened and that it was wrong . 
  i do n't agree on the aggressive part , but i do n't have a problem admiting that the current government has no fucking idea about foreign politics , or actually anything . 
  ivo sanader lies to the people on a weekly basis and his firm grip on most media keeps the facts distortet . 
  the former government with ivica racan did a great deal better . 
  you too have to understand that the blame is not entirely on our side , but that 's not a discussion that i would like to start , because i do n't agree with your or mine government . 
  do you often come across situations where your condition has advantages ? 
  i 'm gon na say the obvious thing here and say : europe is not a country . 
  yes , we could do that , but in most cases wo n't , and most europeans have a strong sense of borders and do n't see the eu as a country , federation or even a loose union . 
  i actually think it is . 
  a happy worker is a good worker . 
  no , i got you loud and clear , but wanted to emphasize the fact that , in spite of proximity , there are a lot of differences between countries , and just crossing borders and passing five countries in five hours is not even remotely compared to the same thing in the us . 
  [ tbf - uv zrake ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sla9hpt57xa ), 
  [ rem - pop song 89 ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8m8kv3yovw4 ), 
  [ animatori - andeli nas zovu da im skinemo krila ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3i19agwopu8 ), 
  depends if the person is a friend , sensitive , easily offended , proud ... 
  i 'm fucked up so a friend would have a really tough time to insult me , but a stranger would do it fairly easy . 
  is it a problem to breathe inside ? 
  awesome site , it even has countries that are n't in the election this year . 
  [ high fidelity ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0146882/ ), 
  [ fight club ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0137523/ ), 
  [ apocalypse now ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0078788/ ), 
  keep us posted . 
  you mean ... centz ? 
  do you have some more info on the international brigade ? 
  i know there was a unit made mostly of mercenaries and war junkies , but this is the first time i heard they were catholics and even had a religious agenda . 
   i am equally proud of my serbian origin and my croatian fatherland . 
  the answer : we both do . 
  oh , the greek/russian/ukrainian brigade is n't a secret , everybody knows about it and it is better documented than the croatian and bosnian foreign warriors .
