  just cliched jokes about nerds with the annoying laugh track . 
  as a geek , i 'm offended that people think we 're that dumb to enjoy such primitive humour . 
  although , as the show is pretty popular it seems that i 'm in the minority , even on reddit . 
  community , on the other hand , is awesome . 
  i 'm in croatia and we do n't have film classes either , but ran through the history of film , most important movies and directors , watched a couple of them and that 's it . 
  all that was in croatian class , where we usually did literature and grammar . 
   the exact phrase i use is , `` bbt is an average show about smart people and community is a smart show about average people . '', 
  i agree . 
  looks like i did n't catch your meaning in the first post . 
  the problem with bbt is n't bbt , but the issue that most geeks , who have higher standards for comedy than most people love the show just because it has halo , physics , star trek and the usual geek lore , although the humour is substandard . 
  thanks , i got it now . 
  nothing unusual in that . 
  china is sending in help for their workers and showing off their shiny ship in the process . 
  no idea what the other guy was saying since he deleted his comments , but a humanitarian intervention can work , especially since europeans are capable of peacekeeping without being overly offensive . 
  the fight is far from over , gadaffi can drag this for weeks if he wants . 
   call me cynical, 
  i will , since europe has a lot of interest in keeping libya stable . 
  not only oil , but the general peace in this part of the mediterranean which is their backyard . 
  an audience that probably laughs on cue . 
  either way it does n't matter much , mash was a good show and had a laugh track , bbt just does n't fit with me in any way . 
   before facebook you would just do this in person right ? 
  my friend did the same thing with text messages around 2001 . 
  he later claimed that someone took his phone , except for the ones that fell for it . 
   europe had to beg the us to intervene in yugoslavia because they had nothing that could effectively stop the madness that was going on there . 
  i know , i was there . 
   it ended up in becoming a joint nato russia operation to maintain some peace, 
  russia forced its way in , even provoking a standout at the airport where british troops were ordered to take it but the general said that he refuses to start wwiii there . 
   and then there was this disastrous event where the dutch did nothing to prevent a massacre that was happening a few feet behind them . 
  not to defend them , but they were severely outnumbered and in the event of an attack could n't even defend themselves . 
  all in all , your comment is exactly what i was saying . 
  european troops are capable of peacekeeping , but not necessary war because their hands are tied without domestic support ( which they wo n't get ) . 
   they probably would n't be able to land troops in libya in the first place on their own . 
   there are other , much more hardware demanding games out there . 
  i agree with the rest of your post , but as both minecraft and angry birds proved , not everything is in pushing hardware to the limit . 
  not unlikely . 
  former yugoslav countries have good relations with libya , we sold them jets and tanks , a lot of workers are building bridges and working on oil wells . 
  i did n't mean officially , but mercenaries . 
  i do n't doubt there are exyu people helping gaddafi , and that 's coming from a croat . 
  as a croat ... 
  this is hardly relevant . 
  seriously , the elections are 6 months away , the ruling party is down 20 % and the protests are just a sign of general hatred for the government . 
  `` shit hitting the fan '' really is a wrong choice of words , and op should be aware . 
  the violence that happened was condemned by the 15 thousand people on ban jelacic square and was just some football hooligans giving the police some exercise time . 
  please , stay in canada , we do n't want you back . 
  downvoted for dumb hatred in a reply to a sensible comment . 
   his sister ? 
  do tell more !, 
  i remember pernar from usenet . 
  not the sharpest tool in the shed . 
   there is a very high amount of fascists in and outside of croatia today . 
  huh ? 
  what ? 
  the right has less than one percent in the parliament . 
  so called `` fascists '' are dumb kids and even dumber ultra-nationalist adults who still think communism is the greates threat to croatia . 
  neither do we . 
  the right wing parties have less than one percent of seats in out parliament , while you had radicals burning our and the us embassy not much long ago . 
  i very much agree with your first comment , and hate hdz too much to defend them , but today they are just a regular center-right party . 
  btw , what 's with the new `` progressive '' party . 
  only heard about it , some details ? 
  i think a combination of both . 
  if in the same situation , i know i would run , but it 's not realistic to think that a lot of them were n't forced to leave , if not a great majority . 
   purda was a war criminal and he deserves to be punished . 
  i 'm certain you 're thinking about somebody else , because nobody had even heard of purda until two weeks ago , and by the info i get , even your side says he really was just a regular soldier and his confession was forced . 
  let there be no mistake : there were crimes and should be trialed ( from purda to gotovina ) , but purda is just an anonymous nobody . 
  i 'm sick of the whole `` they are all the same '' crap . 
  while milanovic gives me the shits just by talking , sdp is n't in the same league . 
  in the same universe even , as hdz . 
  a hundred football hooligans attacked the police while a quiet protest was on 5 minutes away . 
  hardly a riot , hardy a chance it will happen again , hardy a chance it will happen in dubrovnik . 
  are you suggesting the croatian government will order to kill a hundred people ? 
  i wo n't downvote you as i 'm not sure if i 'm reading this right , but croatia is not a third world shithole . 
  we have a gdp per capita higher than poland , we are a member of nato and proper elections every four years . 
  of which only a hundred splintered off to violence . 
  i 'm pissed at how sensationalist people here are . 
  there was a peaceful protest of 15k people . 
  around a hundred of football hooligans attacked the police one street away from the protest and they got beat up . 
  things like these happen monthly in most western european countries . 
  croatia is above average safe for a tourist and far from an unstable shithole people here are implying it is . 
  not my subreddit , but it 's not going places with 32 people on it . 
  join !, 
  reading about rent control on wikipedia did n't help me much . 
  can you explain it to me in simple terms what is it , who has it , why , and what are the pros and cons ? 
  i mean ... if it 's not too much trouble . 
  no , this was in greece , and the most anyone got hurt at this protest was some blood and broken bones . 
  why would this be big ? 
  general elections are in 6 months . 
  hdz is 20 % behind sdp and has no chance of winning . 
  kosor would sooner die than step down before it 's time . 
  sorry , just a little pissed by the sensationalism . 
   also , as an italian , can we get istria back ? 
  did n't downvote you , but most people wo n't find this funny . 
   sdp , the `` opposition '' are the same as hdz , the current party, 
  one of the feelings that got us into this mess in the first place . 
  you do n't say . 
   hard rock and metal are n't exactly known for their poetic flourishes, 
  now here 's a stereotype i have n't heard yet . 
  what are youtube comments ? 
  `` tad '' i could live with , but singapore is overdoing it . 
  it was a high rank in the ottoman empire . 
  every once in a while i get depressed and refuse to leave my bed so i drink and watch everything charlie brooker made on youtube .
