  horology ( from greek : \u1f65\u03c1\u03b1 , `` hour , time '' and greek : \u03bb\u03cc\u03b3\u03bf\u03c2 , logos , `` study , speech '' ; lit . 
  the study of time ) is the art or science of measuring time . 
  clocks , watches , clockwork , sundials , clepsydras , timers , time recorders and marine chronometers are all examples of instruments used to measure time . 
  well first i would ask what the hell 9th grade is . 
  we only have 8 grades here . 
  `` hipster '' may be their way of saying you look too fancy or too fashionable . 
  some of these programs are n't that simple and are very protected , not to mention that a lot of times it 's a piece of hardware ( a box ) , not just software . 
  i remember in the old days that only one guy cracked the bb5 nokia devices and he charged more than 50 euros per device fiver or six years ago . 
  he was sent hundreds of devices from all around the world and made a lot of money . 
  last i heard he said he 'll open source the whole thing if somebody else cracks it , but that was years ago . 
  i guess he 's still in the unlocking business . 
  woah there !, 
  you got a government a few days ago and already you 're giving away orders !, 
  same here . 
  not exactly the devil . 
  do you count 650 german soldiers [ stationed in a single us base ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/holloman_air_force_base ) as a foreign military base ? 
   all of this is very well documented in the denim guide in the sidebar . 
  you may also note that on the top of the page it clearly asks that you read the sidebar . 
  i searched both bathtub and jeans and did n't find anything . 
  no need to be passive agressive, 
  i have n't got the time to read over 3000 words about denim just to find out a simple thing . 
  and what i wanted to know is n't answered in there . 
  i did the minimum that was required by me . 
  and from now on anyone who is interested in the same should be able to find it by simply using the search box , not spending 10 minutes on reading a huge wall of text . 
  thanks . 
   so let me get this right . 
  we all have the time to read your problem and answer your question, 
  i got a good answer far before i would find it out from reading the denim guide . 
  and i stand by the fact that it 's a good thing to address this as a seperate topic . 
   protip : ctrl + f shrink ctrl + f wash, 
  i asked neither of those . 
  i asked if it is true that wearing the jeans in a bathtub will make them fit , aka if it 's a good idea . 
  which is n't answered there . 
   no , you did n't . 
  you did n't read the sidebar , which is the `` minimum required '' . 
  when it becomes a nuisance to find a simple piece of information then i 'll use common sense minimums . 
  but you neglect that fact that even if i did read the ( i repeat ) 3000 word guide i would n't find out what i wanted to . 
  you would rather call me selfish in a hypothetical situation than what i really am : curious and completely at the mercy of this subreddit . 
  not much but yes . 
  do n't get me wrong , i love your guide and other guides on the sidelines . 
  it 's what makes this subreddit great for people that come here with zero clue how to start . 
  if it were n't for such walls of text reddit would be poorer . 
  what i was referring to was the fact that my simple question would be easily answered by just simply asking , than searching through such walls of text that in the end did n't help my specific problem . 
  quiet !, 
  that 's rise of nations . 
  half way between aoe and civ . 
  john wayne was a nazi . 
   i have no patience for people who a ) say their life is too hard, 
  i have no patience for people who ca n't put things in perspective . 
  exactly . 
  not really . 
  i 'm far from an american and not the one to defend them , but the two maps are n't comparable . 
  the british were occupying that countries , and the us just has stationed troops , not necessarily soldiers walking the streets with rifles . 
  if you want to be fair you should compare occupied territories and war zones , not just simple bases , especially today when military cooperation is a normal thing . 
  germany has hundreds of troops in the us and france . 
  pakistan has over 10 thousand troops in un peacekeeping missions . 
  just simple military placing does n't have to be imperialism . 
  * although the us is imperialist . 
  just that this is n't proof . 
  then admit that you do n't know shit about other people and their lives and ca n't pass judgement about others based on you and your family . 
  n-gage was awesome . 
  it had mp3 , a good browser , multiplayer games with voice chat and great multitasking . 
  i still have both . 
  i think it 's a great idea . 
  but making the database would be a monumental task , especially for someone with no funding or skills ( like you or me ) . 
  imdb is a constant work in progress and has been for two decades . 
  which makes me think that it should be part-wiki so people can easily add information with sources . 
  stuff like trivia would be user created while track lists and other details would be better screened and monitored . 
  great idea . 
  i 'd be all over it if i had any idea how to amass even the basic information how to start with it . 
  i guess you can buy it from companies or harvest from other sites . 
  hit me up if you need help . 
  reddit ( and even / r/music ) is incredibly diverse . 
  i have seen threads where lady gaga praise was buried into -100 territory , and i 've seen comments where she was praised as the best pop artist ever . 
  i 've seen great hip-hop threads where i 've found great new artists and i 've seen bullshit like `` all rap is shit '' . 
  do n't doubt for a second that people will love this . 
  the problem lies with / r/music being moody as fuck . 
  this is my least favorite christmas song . 
  it looks like it 's made for everything * but * the boobies . 
  well the pain looks in the flesh . 
  i remember it well . 
  but seriously , no arrested development ? 
  no vat on books . 
  although i did get my share on the device . 
  cousin !, 
  let 's go reading !, 
  that explains the shitty weather . 
  i know . 
  that 's why i ordered it . 
  saw both nmn and hanson brothers live . 
  they were awesome . 
  \u0110ubrivo is a great metal/punk combination with funny lyrics and good music . 
  majke is generally the best rock band croatia has . 
  remarkable people , the blacks -- musical , very athletic , not very good swimmers . 
  again , l 'm talking about the family . 
   in reality , it bears as much resemblance to all the president 's men as it does to hackers . 
  this is a great quote . 
  i 'm gon na save it . 
  / journalist, 
  not to be mean , but that 's a fairly superficial list .
