   on the last day i took her where the wild roses grow, 
   and she lay on the bank , the wind light as a thief, 
   as i kissed her goodbye , i said , ` all beauty must die ', 
   and lent down and planted a rose between her teeth, 
  as a european this whole thread makes no sense . 
  i do n't want to be disrespectful , but this is n't military porn . 
  this is a moving picture but it 's not what this subreddit is for . 
  it 's a shame that sane and rational comments like this one are rare . 
  glad to see this one upvoted . 
  that 's the first thing that came to mind when i imagined myself in that situation . 
  what music to bring ? 
  the first thing that came to mind was `` a catholic education '' by teenage fanclub , if anyone wants to know . 
  congrads on surviving !, 
  i delete people that quote that . 
  dumb jokes , relatives , religious crap and duckfaces can stay , but that fucking quote goes . 
  how many americans can point out bavaria ? 
  midlands ? 
  catalonia ? 
  europe is not a country . 
  eu is not a country . 
  top gear did it !, 
  what is he , a farmer ? 
  i 'm from europe and i watched most of the republican debates , back when there were more candidates . 
  it was funny in a `` oh look at fat people falling '' kind of way . 
  that google site is awesome . 
  wish they had it for other countries . 
  always russling , that jimmy . 
  id3v1 is a clusterfuck , not a standard . 
  this has nothing to do with their musical merit , but the fact that they had rabid fans . 
  normandy ? 
  overlord ? 
  never played the game , but does it have more wwii references or what ? 
  i 'm visiting next week from croatia . 
  prepare for a tourist post on / r/denmark . 
  it 's my last.fm username . 
  americans have some of the largest discretionary income in the world , not to mention cheaper gas and food than the rest of the developed world . 
  thanks for the info , i 'm from croatia . 
  when you say `` cheap '' phone cards , how cheap is it and how much traffic do i get ? 
  google translate is n't very helpful . 
  damn , i ' l leaving on the 5th . 
  i looked into that a few weeks ago and it was a bit cheaper than riding the bus/train , but the timing was n't great . 
  liking stp seems to be sin enough . 
  i would say `` your mom , '' but she was with me at the time . 
  i loved core . 
  ah fuck it , you never know how it 'll go . 
  the economist is n't conservative by american standards . 
  they support abolishing the death penalty , gay marriage , gun control ( something most liberals on reddit oppose ) and also regulation in some places like environment , fiscal control , public smoking and public healthcare . 
  even with free markets , they do n't go full out . 
  fuck you and your karmawhoring ways op . 
  nope , still fuck you . 
  so what ? 
  their origin does n't have to mean shit . 
  i do n't get it . 
  then again i was out of town for a few days . 
  anyone ? 
  breakdowns like this do n't mean much until you have both phones in your hands for a week . 
  i review phones for a living and there were numerous times when i prefered a phone that did n't have better specs than the competition . 
  there are so many details and feelings that can be more important than 5 % benchmark differences . 
   because of their welfare states . 
  welfare states have nothing to do with this . 
  a lot of countries have systems like that . 
  in mine you have 8 years of elementary school and then you choose if you want to have a general education ( fit for future doctors , lawyers or people who do n't have an idea what to do next ) for 4 years or a vocational school where you can learn a trade and do n't have to continue to college if you do n't want to . 
  i thought it would redirect to top gear . 
  because everyone else just hates fun . 
  did you read our band could be our life ? 
  what did you think about it ? 
  it changed the way i think about music and showed me some finer points about big black . 
  picture taken in a museum in vienna . 
  it says `` united '' and i would really like a high res version of it , if somebody can find it . 
  my googling did n't help . 
  technically ? 
  to be fair , that subject is often debated . 
  i get that you 're joking , but as a foreigner i 'm shocked that obama did n't make that clear by now . 
  it 's sad that things like this are breaking news . 
  thanks !, 
  i 'll try to find the original somewhere , there must be someone with a normal version . 
  the last link does n't work , but i 'll presume it 's the one on kalnik . 
  is it ? 
  with czech troops , if i 'm not mistaken . 
  former israeli president moshe katsav was born in the same town as former iranian president mohammad khatami , yazd . 
  looking from the outside , reddit and every other us site i read idolizes your soldiers . 
  even on liberal reddit it often turns out borderline chauvinistic . 
  what ? 
  germany , both east and west , had a military and after reunification maintained a force as well . 
  japan has a military but calls it self-defence forces . 
  this gif perfectly illustrates gta iv 's main problem . 
  it wants to be a serious game with a gritty look and hard storyline , but with stunts like this i miss flashy and colorful images i remember from older gta games . 
  do you blame music ? 
  or is it a complex situation that has a lot to do with culture , history , politics and demographics ? 
  there were a couple ama 's on that subject . 
   considering germany is approximately the size of montana, 
  which means that it has a greater population density . 
   lso considering the fact that germany is generally a homogeneous population then yes also . 
  19 % of its population was n't born in germany . 
  we have waited centuries for this moment . 
  the rivers will flow with the blood of those who oppose us . 
  no , i do n't believe so . 
  edit : a simple and polite message of disagreement goes downvoted ? 
  as you wish , i counted at least a dozen ama 's with a similar subject , if you think another one is needed ask away . 
  i swear i could hear this gif .
