  could someone explain how that 's possible ? 
   the indictment alleges that swartz , at the time a fellow at harvard university , intended to distribute the documents on peer-to-peer networks . 
  that did not happen , however , and all the documents have been returned to jstor . 
  this whole thread is very confusing for me . 
  what a load of crap . 
  i dislike huge corporations as anyone , but the parallels he draws are absurd . 
  these guys have a death wish . 
  i 'm never complaining about our 25 hrk ( 4,7 usd ) tickets . 
  you * do * know what corruption means ? 
  my mind is now all over the place . 
  it seems you are looking for [ r/movies ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/movies ) , which is about movies , and not `` thought-provoking , inspired questions '' , like this subreddit . 
   news of the world has closed after 168 years in publication ( maybe was already in the pipeline and was just the initial token sacrifice - obviously was n't enough ) . 
  notw was one of the biggest english language newspapers in the world , so i doubt it was already in the pipeline before the affair . 
  do you have a source on that ? 
  it sounds unbelievable . 
  get better from the recent downtime . 
  you have to pay for grooveshark to scrobble . 
  both have their markets . 
  nobody google zoroastrian towers . 
  trust me . 
  because we have a huge need to describe a site so often ? 
  depending on what time zone you 're in , that might even be true . 
  jarheads made me think it was an action war movie , but in the end it was just ... boring . 
  youth in revolt put all the good stuff in the trailer , the rest of the movie was so undefined , i did n't know whether to laugh or what . 
  more than a couple of european countries have free education . 
  even in southeastern europe where i live education is free and you have to pay college only if you are a bad student , but the maximum charge can be around one months salary for two semesters . 
  ok ok ... am i the only one who spent five minutes on google images , ms paint and photoshop and submitted it to reddit ? 
  the hivemind does n't exist . 
  anyone who thinks it does is just circlejerking . 
  had both a 7700 and 7710 , one only on loan and another for a longer time . 
  i 've been in the smartphone business longer than i would like to admit . 
  what do you think about people who had no idea what a smartphone was before the iphone came out and think it 's the pinnacle of technology ? 
  i 'm pissed at people who think the v3 razr was the only phone before apple made one . 
  i remember people laughing at my n-gage , which was ugly , but i used to play multiplayer games with voice chat , listen to music , watch movies , surf the web when most people had no idea a phone could do that . 
  even today people think you need an expensive smartphone to surf the web or listen to music . 
  it 's ignorance that pisses me off . 
  anyway , if you had anything to do with early symbian models or any e series device , i salute you . 
  any self post in r/politics . 
  any image post in r/gaming . 
  rip korny the turtle . 
  my sister killed it . 
  but seriously , casablanca is an excellent movie and despite what people think about `` oldies '' it 's easy to watch and really good . 
  i saw it because of a pixies song in the trailer . 
  yes , i 'm that shallow . 
  not to be that guy , but i 've been using opera mini since 2005 , and opera mobile for 10 years . 
  so opera did n't just * appear * out of nowhere . 
  other than that , thanks for the upgrade , i use the mobile version a lot more than the desktop . 
  a place with 20 million people who still think there is a single hivemind you ca n't go against . 
  and souless businessmen ? 
  number of users is n't the correct metric . 
  there are sub 10k subreddits with good discussion and a lot of submissions , and then you have r/music with 126 thousand subscribers , yet only a quarter of the front page have more than 20 comments . 
  not to downplay his potential to be evil , but i doubt this is his message . 
  he needs less publicity and more modesty , not this . 
  except the 100 million people using it . 
  yeah , fuck most of the people !, 
  cool . 
  did you do most of it by hand or is there a tutorial somewhere ? 
  one of the positive aspects of having a broader community here . 
  a year ago he would be in deep minus territory . 
  did more religious people join , did people grow up and learn how to be tolerant ? 
  i know i left r/atheism years ago because of this . 
  that 's why i 'm wondering where are other people who are n't part of the old reddit userbase ? 
  i guess right wingers enjoy libertarianism , but what about others ? 
  would `` draw a mohammed day '' work this time around ? 
  you put spoiler alert before you ruin somebody 's experience . 
  oh come on , +3 on a comment suggesting israel tried to bomb norway into submission ? 
  sure they do nasty stuff , but this would be a first , even for them . 
  the day r/amateurradio got 10 times more attention than on a usual day . 
  which was assassination of a guy they thought was a terrorist , not a car bomb in front of the government building . 
  as i said , israel does nasty stuff , but this is out of their league . 
   which they were wrong about , and murdered him in front of his pregnant wife . 
  you 're acting as if i 'm defending israel . 
   take a look back at the operation susannah aka the lavon affair . 
  which was more than 50 years ago ? 
  the do stuff that 's even worse than this , but it is just not their method , they do n't bomb a fucking seat of government in northern europe . 
   if you 'll take a look at both of the cases i mention , you 'll find that they were both attempts at so-called `` false flag '' attacks . 
  they were both too long ago to connect them to this event . 
  these days israel just assassinates its enemies quietly around the world , maybe a car bomb or two , but staging an attack on the norwegian government , and a huge one at that , is n't something the israelis would carry out today . 
   europe is pretty racist overall . 
  which is bad . 
  but can be explained . 
  we fought each other for centuries , my country had about a dozen official languages in the last millenium and half so we learned to be wary of our neighbours , and of course the germans . 
  today we 're cool with everyone ( especially the germans ) but now we 're facing other cultures and races coming here because of europe 's prosperity . 
  the us is an immigrant nation and you had black people for centuries , they constitute over a tenth of your population , but we 're just getting the hang of it . 
  not to mention the fact that your immigrants easily assimilate . 
  they 're all americans after a while . 
  our immigrants are mostly resisting their host cultures . 
  so give us some time to get the hang of it . 
  personally , fuck racism and i can learn to be comfortable with other races and religions from early on , but others need time to work on it . 
  [ all the roads lead to ausfahrt . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/all_roads_lead_to_ausfahrt ), 
  are you being serious or sarcastic ? 
  i hope they 'll act in accordance to their own culture , history and politics . 
  jfk ? 
  it looks like mormons are getting out of the bubble as well . 
  when ents are proud to be from r/trees . 
  most europeans do n't care that much about patriotism . 
  unless it 's football !!!, 
  can someone find the original ? 
  i 'm sure this is a wwii poster .
