  i would like a more focused main character , maybe some story about him and just a better compilation, 
  what i liked :, 
  - the actors and characters are superb . 
  malcolm is one of the best characters i can remember, 
  - the politics look very real and ruthless, 
  - it was very funny , but in a refined sense , without shoving it down the viewers throats, 
  - the movie has no heroes and feelgood moments . 
  no saviors , no glamour and no sugarcoating . 
  they made a [ spoof ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ifzdez7frbk ) out of that one . 
  mmmmm kate beaton . 
  if i 'm with friends and i 'm in a good mood , then some happy song we all know the lyrics to . 
  otherwise just something to rock out to . 
  young republicans . 
  what witchery is this ? 
  reminds me of the plitvice national park in croatia . 
  [ wiki ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/plitvice_lakes_national_park ) [ pic ] ( http://www.poster.net/elert-sigurd/elert-sigurd-plitvice-iv-2405232.jpg ), 
  haha , like there would be a war ... everyone knows which one is better . 
  tanenbaum and torvalds would be proud . 
  and make yourself offline for people you do n't like . 
  create a group of friends and just go offline for that group in chat . 
  we should have had that on the main politics reddit . 
  not from the uk , but if i were ... lib dems . 
  not all of their stances sit right with me , but they seem to be the less of three ( or more evils ) . 
  tories are out of the question because ... well , alan b'stard . 
  labour fucked up the last 13 years . 
  bnp and ukip are a joke , greens are more of a gimmick . 
  i was in split the last two years during the summer , great place . 
  my eyes are bleeding !!, 
  it ai n't easy being cheesy . 
  and it is fucking awesome . 
  happy birthday man . 
  * looks at the second picture *, 
  crap . 
   i am barney stinson . 
  until this part i read it in the voice of barney from the simpsons . 
  i sounded weird . 
  is she touching it ? 
  so what if it 's for a second and with great force ? 
  that and clerks are made with great ideas and a great script . 
  technology in that movies was there just to film the thing while the technology in star wars is a big part of the budget . 
  that 's what i said to her the last time i saw her . 
  `` let 's not kid ourselves here . 
  statistically speaking , there is someone out there like you , but even if i find her she will never be as good as you are . '', 
  in retrospect , pretty geeky of me . 
  at least she laughed . 
  in retrospect, 
  for everyone : watch the documentary tandembandit linked to . 
  do it . 
  i would n't say prick , edge was the weird one in it . 
  he did seem like eccentric and tied too much to his image ( and mind ) , but that 's all part of the business , right ? 
  it was a call to minimalism . 
  the white stripes have a drummer and singer/guitarist . 
  that 's it , and their sound proves it - you do n't have to own a expensive guitar and shitload of other equipment to make good music . 
  what the fuck ? 
  call the police because of this ? 
  [ here 's ] ( http://i.imgur.com/dytj0.png ) some sane advice from penny arcade . 
  pic related in a weird kind of way . 
  yes . 
  i 'm one of them . 
  it 's hard for me to understand people who do n't listen to music , probably because my perception is skewed through the fact that everything i do in my life is connected with a song . 
  remembering every important moment/thing/person in my life brings up some music . 
  so i 'm finding it hard to understand why someone does n't listen to music , and even harder why would somebody listen to bad music . 
  let 's not bullshit ourselves with the `` eveybody has their taste '' crap . 
  there is good music and there is bad music , the only difference is who you talk to . 
  from my perspective , the music i like ( not listen , because i like laibach or jazz , but i do n't listen to it ) is good and i 'll defend it . 
  but i understand how this is annoying to everyone so i stick to myself and do n't fight with anyone about their music taste . 
  at least not irl heh . 
  the plus side of my illness is that when i found someone with a taste similar or exact as mine * she * ended up being very similar to and we shared a lot of other things as well . 
  this is more a decline of popular music in general , not just black music . 
  but while i 'm at the subject of race , there are n't a lot of black people in rock or punk . 
  yes , there are some , but hip hop and the modern variants of r 'n' b are the prime examples of black music that 's popular nowadays . 
  while we 're at it , i counted 27 black people at [ mtv 's top 50 ] ( http://community.mtvmusic.com/top100/ ) so it 's not like they 're underrepresented . 
  they 're playing in my town on sunday , i 'm still not sure whether to go . 
  my first though as well . 
  is n't the judge the one who decides ? 
  i love this one . 
  you overestimate the droid . 
  there are a shit ton of other android devices that can match it in quality , but not necessarily in sales . 
  somewhat bigger sales do n't make it a flagship , and that 's the beauty of android , you can use different phones from different manufacturers . 
   but no way is euro rock music better than ours . 
  i was thinking about this the other day ... 
  despite the fact the fact that two of my favourite bands are from the us , both of them were better received in europe and say what you will , but europe has some big names to represent . 
  compare us and uk populations and the popularity of its bands . 
  i was in the hospital when 9/11 happened and i was chained to a tv and newspapers and had a lot of time to observe it from my bed . 
  everyone was sympathetic to the us , and although nobody was really surprised that the fight came to them , nobody tought anything bad about americans for a couple of weeks . 
  when iraq came and we sa what bush was doing , the whole country became fucking nuts . 
  i remember a good karmanaut quote , when he said : `` shit , even i thought bush was doing a good job '' . 
  he was n't , not even near . 
  great !, 
  how cheap exactly is it ? 
  let 's say i 'm very cheap and want to spend a couple of days there with my friends . 
  we 're from croatia . 
  how much would it cost us , without transport ? 
   the funny thing is that no one in the u.s. gives a shit what you people think . 
  maybe you should . 
  read some downvoted comments way down . 
  it 's sad that a lot of americans had a reaction contrary to what reddit usually describes itself - primarily about bombing germany , hitler and `` kicking their ass again '' . 
  it 's really sad that a lot of them are * normal * users with a lot of karma and experience on the site . 
  and the first reaction to what looks like a verbal attack on their country is pulling out the guns . 
  proves a couple of stereotypes true , no ?
