  this idiot is the reason why my job gets harder and harder , and why people reading it magazines are getting dumber , not smarter , over the years . 
  i can handle the downvotes over harsh words , but i wo n't stand for this bullshit . 
  i developed apps for wm and symbian in 2003 , years before the iphone got out , and had a great deal of freedom . 
  only after it came out , they saw that they could limit developers powers without people complaining ... that 's why today these devices are more closed than before 2007 . 
  croatia is the current world vice-champion and is unbeaten as well . 
  see you in the finals ? 
  i 'd rather not die at all . 
  but if i have to give my life for someone , let it be my family . 
  country ? 
  never . 
  a lot of parliamentary systems have the whole cabinet on one session each month to answer questions . 
  i live in a city north of rome and west of vienna . 
  and still it 's placed in eastern europe . 
  do n't judge the country by its football hooligans . 
  also , ice cube 's chance in hell is about right , since we have 99,99 % of white people , while the us has at least 25 % of non-white people . 
  you have probably the most popular username on reddit , you know that ? 
  if anyone is interested , island lost by 36:28 . 
  yes you can . 
  the thing is that in the us you 'll get blocked because you bought your phone cheap form a carrier , and not a little expensive but unlocked and free . 
  that 's your own fault . 
  wow . 
  i come from a country that forces * a lot * on students , and we have so much more to study than a student in the us . 
  that has to change , but how in hell can a school remove something as basic as physics and chemistry ? 
  it 's a misfortune that i got to go to three high schools , but all of them had the same basic classes that were n't negotiable , at least the first two years . 
  a gymnasium , a technical school and it school , all of them had 6-7 basic classes . 
  croatian and english . 
  i can improvise some german . 
  dobro , hvala , 
  it 's : kako ste , or in a more personal manner : kako si ? 
  geeks have a bigger need to know how stuff works . 
  i heard that in morgan freemans voice . 
  i actually thought about this and in the end it was a tie between itunes and adobe acrobat reader . 
  seeing as you 're on 0 , it looks like nobody got the reference . 
  i used to read the lazy sunday hacks and then read the stuff for the whole week ... have n't been to the site in months . 
  also , i got the skull as my cellphone background that i put on when i feel angsty ( to show my feelings with a display background , duh !, 
  ) , and people always thought the designer was just being lazy with the bones . 
  i was wondering who robert finlayson was . 
  i do n't get it . 
  reddit is just a less anonymous version of 4chan . 
  link on the wallpaper ? 
  i 'm naked in my bed . 
  no , i 'm not female or attractive . 
  yes , this wo n't earn me upvotes . 
  considering that the history of europe is in great part the history of the world , we have much to be ashamed of , but much to be proud of as well . 
  you got ta understand that this situation does n't really happen in europe or australia . 
  ok , it might happen to you if you live in a really rough neighbourhood or give criminals a good reason to do that , but a regular , normal person like you or your father would n't have to be afraid of that here . 
  the only crime that ever happened to my family was getting my bike stolen when i was a kid , and my dad got his car radio stolen 30 years ago . 
  that 's why the average european does n't have a gun . 
  shit , i could get one without much trouble , but i do n't have the need for it , and neither does anyone i know . 
  it 's a social problem that everyone lives in fear and needs a gun , and that has to change . 
  i read somewhere that the cosby show had a great influence on black people , and was one of the rare times that black kids had role models that were n't sports players or other celebrities . 
  thank you . 
  i 've got a friend with dreadlocks . 
  he does n't smoke anything and drinks in moderation . 
  did n't have much experience with tourists but i found most of them polite and interested in what i have to say . 
  except a few italians , i did n't find any particular nationality rude or inconsiderate . 
  [ only fools and horses ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/only_fools_and_horses ) is the funniest show i have ever seen . 
  if you can live with a low budget show from the 80 's you 'll love it . 
  i know what rot13 is , but do n't get what the phrase means . 
  is it a mw2 reference ? 
  i 'm guessing ... central or eastern europe ? 
  this is n't punk , it 's some kind of surf/garage rock . 
  if you ask me , the first punk bands were the stooges and mc5 . 
  and so do i. 
  it 's sad that it 's easier to be a attention wanting bitch to get recogition than actually talented . 
  i 'm getting depressed . 
  does anyone know of a way to read the full edition of the economist ? 
  yes , that 's what pisses me off . 
  iggy was doing punk almost a decade before the ramones and others . 
  i have one on my wall , my dad brought it from the states because he thought it was badass . 
  oh man , i read that as [ begbie ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rvsqsakzozc ) . 
  i thought that once you block someone , the person is completely invisible to you ? 
  she looks like a young juliette lewis . 
  one with a bad choice of t-shirts . 
   then i almost miscarried, 
  people usually just spurt their coffee over the keyboard , but whatever floats your boat . 
  tablets existed years ago , there were a shitload of them on the market and nobody cared . 
  now apple spurts a quasi tablet thingy that has 10 times less features than a normal tablet and everyone creames their pants from excitement when they see something that was on the market years ago . 
  whoa . 
  it must have been quite a revelation then . 
   complete with a list of everyone who has ever donated to them, 
  why is this relevant to you ? 
  because the whole situation benefits the us and helps them maintain military presence in that part of the world ? 
  one out of 20 of approx . 
  20 million north koreans is in the military , so they already have a shitload of weapons . 
  because the company that makes the maps does n't have the info . 
  i 'm distressed . 
  seeing him happy makes me ... sad . 
   at the time , smith acknowledged that the film is `` not my movie , [ its ] a movie i was hired to direct . '', 
  smith , as in kevin smith . 
  candles and matches . 
  reminds me of the war and air raid warnings . 
  none of the people that i know that saw it do n't remember the name of a single character . 
  i only remember the navi . 
  i know at least two names from every movie you mentioned . 
  but you 're right , that does n't prove anything , although it says something about the movie . 
  [ non flash link ] ( http://www.flickr.com/photos/24796741@n05/sets/72157604247242338/with/2346008881/ ), 
  they 're cool now , the feud is over . 
  so , ** this ** is how babby is formed . 
  so can saudi arabia .
