  i 'm an atheist , but the song is truly epic . 
  have n't herd of him . 
  but then again , i 'm not so old . 
  well , given the size of yugoslavia and the heritage of its republics , it was equally a part of central europe ( slovenia and north croatia ) , eastern europe ( serbia and macedonia ) and southern europe , but this one depends if we take the mediterranean definition or the political . 
  that 's interesting , since none of them came from behind the iron curtain . 
  i mostly agree , and do n't see why you 're getting downvoted . 
  it 's hard to get customers without getting some media coverage , and the title got them attention . 
  i 'm gon na call it reckless disregard for gravity anyway . 
  doggy bags . 
  damnit , i always tear up when looking at the food i left at the restaurant . 
  edit : op said `` other cultures '' . 
  i 'm from europe . 
  i have the ugliest dog on earth . 
  this is why you can only see his balls . 
  never had a problem with this , but my operator uses [ edr ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/enhanced_full_rate ), 
  70-100 of them . 
  but pedobearsbloodcock should take them all down . 
  well i do n't know . 
  never asked . 
  the only place i ever seen a doggy bag was in us movies , although i 'm sure some restaurants would do it , i never saw it happen . 
  his , thankyouverymuch . 
  wow . 
  in croatia we have a year paid leave for mothers or fathers and a minimum of 18 work days vacation but that 's multiplied by number of underage kids , and other factors . 
  the average paid vacation is 30 work days , so more than a month . 
  and we look at ourselves as a semi social country . 
  i googled it , and it seems it 's a no go in most of europe , not only croatia . 
  as to why , i do n't know . 
  it 's probably a etiquette thing , it 's considered unpolite to take your food with you like it 's a mcdonalds . 
  when you come to a restaurant you come to eat and enjoy it , not to stop being hungry . 
  but really , i have no idea . 
  never tried it , never saw anybody try it . 
  you got a point there , it 's rare that i leave my food , but i did have a situation like that a couple of weeks ago . 
  i was eating out in a local mosque ( muslim food is ... whoa ) and i got too much food , and along with a lot of drinks i could n't eat it all . 
  it was a very close call but i just left it , with a tear in my eye . 
  we checked out the mosque later and i almost puked myself when removing my shoes . 
  talkin ' about uncomfortable . 
  my us cousin always says i have a great american accent ... 
  i guess i could try it out for something except messing with the tourists . 
  i watch [ thick of it ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/thick_of_it ) only to get my `` wanker '' fix . 
  that 's terrible . 
  here , if jupiter is in the seventh house , you can get a lot of vacation time , way more than 30 work days . 
  how about sick leave ? 
  how much do you get ? 
  well i guess they would n't say no , but it would be uncomfortable or weird . 
  i have in my possesion a monocle . 
  yes , i enjoy these threads . 
  make one and reap karma . 
  only if i 'm reading the financial times in the same time . 
  here : 42 days paid by the company , and for everything after that the company gets the money back from the state , and it 's 70 % of the pay average over the last 6 months . 
  edit : it seems there 's a new law in the making which will move it up to 100 % and 80 % only after 3 months . 
  maximum paid is 36 months after which it 's over . 
  there 's a limit when you got ta go to a doctor or a comision ( a panel if you will ) where it 's decided if you 're well enough to work but i 'm not sure after how many weeks you get audited . 
  also , you get 6 days if your wife is sick and 12 days for a kid , paid . 
  but that can be extended if there 's a valid reason . 
  wikipedia says it 12 months in slovenia . 
  wow . 
  that 's incredibly correct . 
  as i mentioned a couple of times , croatia . 
  why 's that ? 
  american ? 
  you should be equiped with either 3g smartphones or a 3g data modem for a laptop , so you could be connected with the community almost all of the time , and stuff can be arranged real time ( like : meetup in town x on square y in 20 mins ) . 
  i dunno how much this costs in the us , so this idea is maybe out of the question . 
  you were somewhere on the coast ? 
  this is a whole centre with a football and tennis field , a library and other stuff , in the same building as the mosque . 
  it 's the only mosque in croatia iirc . 
  the restaurant looks bad and people who eat there are mostly muslims that have some connection with the centre . 
  my dad was there doing a piece ( sound engineer for tv ) so he brought the family for lunch later . 
  we 're not muslims but it was a cool experience . 
  also , muslims here are secular so burqas are rare , even there . 
  of course , i just had to ask about bacon . 
  the waiter just smiled . 
  back story : i 'm a bum who got kicked out of schools most of my life and everybody gave up on me . 
  so i gave my admission for college and was in the room with 1500 people who applied for 210 seats . 
  they were reading out names , one by one in a crowded auditorium . 
  before every name there was a deafening quiet . 
  when the commision chairman said my name i yelled something by the lines of `` fuck yes ! '', 
  in tears of joy . 
  the whole auditorium cheered . 
   the first purpose of capital punishment is to remove these persons from society . 
  who are we to order another man dead ? 
  serial killers , pedophiles ( the ones who act on it ) and rapists are mostly people sick in some regard . 
  they should be healed , not killed . 
  my rule is : if it 's a non-violent crime the person should be punished and rehabilitated . 
  correctional facilities should be just that : prepare a person for coming back to normal life after the punishment part is over . 
  prisons there days mostly just learn convicts new crime skills and prepare them to do even more wrong when they come out . 
  violent criminals should be primarily punished , and then rehabilitated , considering the magnitude of their crime . 
  i do n't know how this stuff works out in the us , but in europe cops use their weapons mostly for self defense and as a deterrent . 
  self defense ? 
  because life in prison is a huge deterrent , even bigger than death , for some people . 
   i do n't know if that 's really possible . 
  some behaviours and disorders ca n't be `` fixed '' . 
  then prison , chemical castration , whatever ... 
  but to kill somebody , no . 
  well the only cases i 've heard about police shooting at felons is when they shoot back . 
  talking about that , a couple of guys robbed a bank or something a year or so ago . 
  they were fleeing with a car and the police were after them . 
  they wounded a policeman and after some shooting the cops killed two of them . 
  the next day there was n't a * single * crime commited . 
  not really related , just interesting . 
  they pose no threat to me in prison .
