  there was an ama from a guy that fell on a metal fence like that . 
  he got impaled but lived through ( hence the ama ) . 
  you still have to sign a document saying you 're not a communist to get a us or uk visa . 
  because they have taste ? 
   and almost have the diversity to match it . 
  not even close . 
  case in point : drums on st. anger . 
  i agree . 
  but i also think that it 's not a bad thing . 
  the white stripes were that kind of a band where meg fit in perfectly . 
  80 % of us population speaks the same language at home . 
  if you drove 5 hours in any direction you would see the same language , the same tv shows , the same political parties , the same government . 
  if i drove two hours in any direction i would see almost none of that . 
   i 'd wager that as america was/is the melting pot , our diversity overall easily rivals the individual states of the eu . 
  yes , but we 're not talking about individual states . 
  helloskitty said europe as a whole . 
  reminds me of the military museum in stockholm , sweden . 
  most of it is about the un , the perils of war and peacekeeping . 
  as a big fan of military museums ( imperial war museum in london is the best one i 've seen so far ) i was a little disappointed , but considering their commitment to peace i see where they 're coming from . 
  the household income thing may be appropriate only for americans . 
  some people ca n't buy apps because google wo n't let them , such as myself . 
  other people find the price of coffee in the us and in their country different . 
  not that your point does n't stand . 
  they announced it but it 's still not done . 
   where socialism is not a political theory but a curseword, 
  as a croat i disagree . 
  socialism as such is n't even mentioned in everyday political talks , but every mainstream party is socialist . 
  look at hdz 's manifest , even they have broad social rights as a basis , since the population is so used to them that any party trying to abolish such rights would end up on the street . 
  or yugoslavia , where partisans tied down 17 german divisions and almost singlehandedly liberated the country , a feat no other european country matched . 
  companies register silly domains all the time . 
   croatian police , you 'll see them everywhere and theyre not nice . 
  try to avoid them and make sure your paperwork is in order . 
  huh ? 
  i rarely see police here and the only paperwork you need to have is valid id , which you need to get into the country anyway . 
   is it safe to sleep on the beaches ? 
  yes , but i have n't heard people doing it since you have cheap camps and hostels on every step . 
   which tourist-crowded overrated spots should we avoid ? 
  dubrovnik is expensive and very touristy but it 's still awesome to see . 
  you should n't avoid it , but just be ready for crowds . 
  neither did i , even in croatia . 
  i suspect they were looking for something , because that 's not routine . 
  i agree and it is interesting to see people getting heavily downvoted or upvoted for the same opinion , just depends on the thread context . 
   beware , they do n't sell beer on the streets of belgrade after 10pm !, 
  i just met up with my friends from belgrade and ca n't believe this . 
  why ? 
  is it enforced ? 
  since when ? 
  not to go all r/gonewild on you , but i 'm sure we 'd all love to see more pics . 
  the dude still has a shitload of energy on concerts . 
  grooveshark , but embedded so if someone could find the url out it would be great . 
  [ playlist : the 30 greatest instrumental songs ever ] ( http://www.spin.com/articles/playlist-30-greatest-instrumental-songs-ever ), 
  not a coder but when writing only instrumentals work for me . 
  the new dirtbombs album is also awesome . 
   it comes in the wake of the economist , another far-right , pro-free-trade publication, 
  i agree with your point , but the economist is n't far right . 
  they are classical liberals : pro free trade , pro globalisation , pro government healthcare , educational spending , gay marriage , drug legalisation , progressive taxation , secularism ... 
  the only thing they are `` conservative '' about is the free market . 
  [ related : the british version ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dgscoauww2m ), 
  [ it will be seen that , as used , the word ` fascism ' is almost entirely meaningless . 
  in conversation , of course , it is used even more wildly than in print . 
  i have heard it applied to farmers , shopkeepers , social credit , corporal punishment , fox-hunting , bull-fighting , the 1922 committee , the 1941 committee , kipling , gandhi , chiang kai-shek , homosexuality , priestley 's broadcasts , youth hostels , astrology , women , dogs and i do not know what else . 
  ] ( http://orwell.ru/library/articles/as_i_please/english/efasc ), 
  george orwell, 
  are n't there laws out there denying movie distribution companies from owning cinemas ? 
  is n't this very similar ? 
  apparently , checks are big in the us . 
  i have n't seen one in years . 
  valve . 
  heavy and stephen colbert in a wizard costume . 
  i guess they 're using some internet average traffic and then distributing it over 20 households . 
  that 's just the start . 
  they have other ... flamboyant weapons and cool stuff , although as far as military stuff goes it 's not that awesome . 
  i 'll post my pics later . 
  i cringed while watching the trailer in the cinema . 
  no way am i watching the whole thing . 
  i agree with the sentiment , but fuck submissions like this . 
  you could have just said you do n't like it and submit a self post so we can all discuss . 
  this is just circlejerking . 
  so that 's why the mountain in rio de janeiro is called sugarloaf ? 
  til . 
  oh goody , i live in one of the red zones . 
  plus , ability to hide and delete posts . 
  so true . 
  i hate buses , trains and airplanes because i have nowhere to put my head and sleep . 
  it depends on the thread . 
  sometimes it 's upvoted , sometimes not . 
  it 's not universally abhorred like iraq or afghanistan . 
  you and jay share :, 
  red hot chili peppers, 
  you 're ok with me . 
  or as the brits would say : put the banger in your mouth . 
  i 've been a member for 6 years but do n't remember things being this bad . 
  very sorry to hear this , but i 'm guessing there might be another side of the story . 
  this sounds very offensive from the community . 
  margaret thatcher naked on a cold day . 
  not sure if troll or serious ... 
  reddit founder ? 
  not the version i heard . 
  micro usb is the universal charger in the [ eu ] ( http://www.zdnet.com/blog/igeneration/micro-usb-to-be-universal-eu-phone-charger/1964 ), 
  the [ wired piece ] ( http://www.wired.com/threatlevel/2011/07/swartz-arrest/ ) says that all documents have been returned .
