  all firearms should be banned , except for hunting and sports . 
  the state should have monopoly on use of violence and by that weapons . 
  are you in the us ? 
  i do n't understand how can you have neither free education , or free healthcare . 
  i collapsed the other day , probably because the heat , and got a ct , ekg , bloodtest and about 4-5 more tests . 
  free . 
  this is my first year of college , which will cost me less than one months pay . 
  the government pays for transportation , i get subsidized meals ( about a third of the price ) , discounts in stores and a shitload of other perks as a student . 
  i 'll be the first to say that the system is corrupted and faulty in many ways , but it 's baffling to me that i live in a small eastern europe country and get this , while people in the us do n't have that . 
  there 's a saying in croatia , if you think something is advanced , or ten years before it 's time , you say it 's like america . 
  it 's sad that this is no longer the case . 
  is retarded now a normally used term for people you disagree with ? 
  hell , i think they 're dumb and consistantly ignorant , but we 're not 3 year olds . 
  if it 's socially unacceptable to use the term fags , why is retarded ok ? 
  oh , and the downmodders can go fuck themselves . 
  i was n't defending them , just criticizing the use of that word in this context . 
  what guy does n't ? 
  i have spent days contemplating between the daughter and mother . 
  musicals when i 'm sober , 80s hair metal and eurotrash techno when i 'm drunk . 
  do you really want to go there ? 
  do you really want to start an argument that we all have heard hundreds of times ( and i do n't even live in the us ) ? 
  op asked to state our unpopular opinions and i did . 
  i can write 50 arguments for and you can write 50 arguments against and it will do nothing . 
  if you want to start it , let 's . 
  i enjoy a good conversation with a rational person . 
  hey , mister 72.94.23.99 . 
  it 's not funny . 
  i do n't find it offensive either . 
  it 's just that it 's more suited to a 13 year old kid on xbox live than a political discussion on reddit . 
  i found it boring . 
  with all the great reviews i thought it would be a masterpiece but in the end i had a wtf face . 
  the macho-rambo main character was really over the top , if it was sylvestre stallone nobody would even blink , but when it 's an indie , low budget movie then he 's not a stereotype ? 
  i 'll be finishing journalism in three years too . 
  the thing is , i 've been writing for magazines for more than three years so i already know how it 's like and it is not something i plan on doing all my life , or even in the next couple of years . 
  job openings are based on your skills , not your degree . 
  i am openly jealous . 
  for a couple of years now i 've been writing for magazines , but none of them have been even remotely related to music subjects so there were no grounds to ask for a press credential . 
  the current plan is getting involved with a music publication or even making one just to get to concerts and talk to artists . 
  no cuz he wud buttsecks me hurrr, 
  hey kids do n't have sex until you do a mistake and learn it by yourself . 
   there will be a large break in binary compatibility with symbian ^ 4, 
  not happy about this , but it 's expected . 
   well-informed individuals have known about the upcoming death of the s60 platform some time, 
  i would n't say death of s60 , it will probably be changed almost completely but a new platform ( and development framework ) will take its place . 
  what is your most extreme opinion ? 
  * looking at it for a minute *, 
  must kill the prime minister of malaysia ... 
  me : stay hasty, 
  before the last sentence i had a porn scene visualized . 
  really , i watched a scene with characters like that . 
  north korea is a long way to go for a blowjob . 
  it was something like a week apart , it 's only natural . 
  and yes , i am a busy man . 
  another fellow redditor raised on dexters lab , johnny bravo and powerpuff girls ? 
  the sam way he missed the graves of dead kurds in iraq . 
  clinton did n't invade , he used force only to protect the endangered areas under a un mandate . 
  if it were a new thing , an orwellian plot , i 'd understand . 
  but when only 10 or so countries in the world ** do n't ** use it i do n't see the problem . 
  you have credit cards , drivers licences and a ton of other personal identification documents and a general id card is your problem ? 
  i 'm from croatia , with a similar id card , but without religion , fingerprints and blood group . 
  cards are compulsary from the age of 16 and they are used for just that - identifing yourself . 
  it 's annoying that you have to carry it with yourself all of the time , but it 's in my wallet so it 's always near me . 
  i love wikipedia and i ca n't imagine a day without using it . 
  my first edits were simple and small , but when i wrote an entire page about a certain gaming console an admin or mod reverted it back , insisting on references for every single shitty fact ... then there 's the other situation when some pr shithead stole my article ( i wrote the whole one , unlike the console which was already written ) and put his name on it . 
  anyway , what do you think should be changed at this level ? 
  i 'm talking about editing and general policy . 
  itt : bitter former employee acting smart and proposing impossible business models . 
   note the ability to read a single thing ( you have to click the zoom sign on the image first , to get the full size image ) . 
  what sucky browser are you using ? 
  ( edit : the downvotes show fanboys ca n't handle a flaw ff clearly has ), 
  oh i remember it , i tried it before i bought opera . 
  what category do you fall in : musician , actor , other tv personality ? 
  so you actually have talent , unlike most of hollywood . 
  i 'm sure there is , i too watch movies and shows and love them . 
  but , if you look at the overall percentage of good stuff vs. bad stuff , the outlook is gloom . 
  i agree 100 % . 
  the things we get to see are not decided on talent but on the will of the bigwigs you 're mentioning . 
  opera 5,4 mb : web , irc , e-mail , news , torrent, 
  oh yes , full of bloat . 
   dumbass, 
  oh , is this such a big deal you resort to insults ? 
  it 's one thing when somebody uses the text as a quote or ( as countless blogs do ) for describing pictures , but when a shithead copies it and distributes it over countless pr material , posters and ads - that 's not right nor fair use . 
  25 % + around 10 % local taxes . 
  in a country that has free healthcare and education . 
  well i used sizes of windows downloads on official sites ; where 90 % of users are getting them . 
  crap , i just watched that episode . 
  well , the obvious solution is to offer him/her all the passwords but say that it 's a personal thing so you would prefer not to , but still make them available . 
  if he/she gets it that you want privacy , he/she wo n't snoop around and ask for them , but will be sure you 'll give them if the other side really wants them . 
  mutual trust . 
  i tried to like digg , but i never saw any order or meaning there . 
  every month or so i try again but still do n't see what is the deal there . 
  reddit was fun for funny pictures , but when i got deeper into the comments and memes , i felt like home here . 
  it was spartan in looks , but it all falls into place now . 
  that `` he got the whole world in his hands '' scene with steve buscemi and the girl was chilling . 
  probably the best part of the movie . 
  cannedbabydicks and pedobear . 
  the little prince is still the best book i 've read . 
  maybe not primarily uplifting but very positive imo . 
  of movies , i would probably pick forrest gump and almost famous . 
  i know gump is a stereotype movie by now , but it really brings the best in people .
