a great parody of a great musical . 
  serbian and bosnia already have problems supplying gas to customers , while here in croatia the problems will set in a week from now if no new russian gas comes ... we produce a great deal of our own gas , but it 's not sufficient . 
  i do n't get it . 
  shit , i 'd deny anything for my life . 
  yes , i would probably deny anything for some bacon . 
  what can i say , i like my bacon and life :(, 
  i 've read this story a couple of times , but it 's still relevant as ever . 
  and very well written , too . 
  with 88 % of roman catholics , croatia had an atheist prime minister . 
  it 's actually shorter . 
  from wikipedia :, 
  queen mary ii : 345 m ( 1,132 ft ), 
  i was too lazy to format it , this is a direct copy from wikipedia . 
  almost all nokia phones for the last couple of years use same data cable ( mini or micro usb ) and all of them use the same charger . 
  you really cant ' accuse nokia of that . 
  but sony on the other hand charges half the value of their music players for the data/charger cable . 
  how is that possible ? 
  i 've used literary tens of nokia phones over the last years and the charger connector has changed only once , from the thick one to the thin one used today . 
  on most models you can . 
  the interface name is extusb and it 's a regular mini usb port but with one ( or two ) pins more for audio transfer . 
  the device is compatible with normal mini usb stuff , but the charger depends on what model it 's made for . 
  almost every phone these days has some kind of mp3 player installed , but only multimedia or smartphone models have 3.5 mm jacks to make a distinct difference between the ones that can play mp3 and the ones that are mp3 players . 
  not , actually they are not . 
  i 've used all of the phones you mentioned and there are two generations of chargers between them . 
  6600 and 6630 used the old fat one , while e65 , e71 ... all current phones use the new thin connector . 
  it does n't have anything to do with series or categories , the new ones have one charger and the old one another . 
  the data connectors , on the other hand , have changed more frequently , from the pop port ( 6600 , 6630 , e65 ) to the mini usb ( e71 ) and the latest , mini usb ( supernova series , among others ) . 
  i only use a firewall and sometimes spybot s&d for removing spyware from time to time . 
  if you surf smart i think you do n't really need an antivirus , i 'm not using one for about 5 years ( windows xp and now vista ) and do n't have any problems . 
  i 'm checking it once a month with avast or trend micro av . 
  hell yes . 
  most of my friends and family are atheist , but call themselves catholics , just because it 's more of a tradition thing than religious . 
  they all believe in evolution , disagree with a lot of things the church says , but still have a social obligation to call themselves catholic . 
  statistics say 88 % of population here are catholics . 
  i agree . 
  do n't compare illiteracy and deafness , you can learn to read , but you ca n't learn to hear . 
  most illiterate people have n't gone to school or failed to learn it somewhere else and probably do n't have access to computers . 
  while on the other hand , many deaf people use computers because it helps them to communicate and adapts them to daily life . 
  but `` dionysian '' can probably give more info on that than i can ... 
  i would like to see a link as well . 
  is there a windows version of it ? 
  or a similar program ? 
  i fucked the girl from hanson . 
  edit : it 's from a t-shirt . 
  you never go ass to mouth . 
  what version of opera are you using ? 
  it works well in 9.6 . 
  from where did the us get the right to control other countries internal affairs ? 
  that is the only question that interest me . 
  every war is illegal unless it is a defensive one - something the iraq war was not . 
  upmodded , the whole lot of you !, 
  also , c-c-c combo braker !, 
  or jim carry in his earlier days . 
  i fucking hate him . 
  born in 1989 ? 
  wow , i feel under-accomplished now . 
  great story . 
  i have some ideas about visiting , not so much for the tourist part , but for telling my kids one day that i visited one of the most isolated countries in the world , and observed a culture that exists beyond anything we know from our own surroundings , tv and the internet . 
  on the other hand , that was really awesome of gates . 
  god listens to kenny loggins ? 
  finally , solid proof that god does n't exist . 
  it 's interesting how everyone is shocked and disgusted by this , seeing a brutal death from close up , but nobody even blinks on footage of rockets and bombs demolishing whole buildings or villages . 
  the people on this video are barbarians , and the guy who squeezes the trigger from 10 000 feet away is educated , civilized and needs our support , right ? 
  can you tell i 'm an atheist ? 
  the band is ok , and has some good songs , but while looking at last.fm charts and reading online music resources , it seems they are currently the most popular band on earth . 
  or at least among fellow scrobblers . 
  no , you ( ok , no you , but the people you speak for ) cheer for dead terrorists and enemy soldiers . 
  they cheer for dead witches . 
  if you can say with a certanty that they are wrong , how can you know if you are right ? 
  i generally agree with you , and i do n't want to continue this discussion , but am i the only one that notices that the level of brutality and graphic details are most of the differences between the two events ? 
  i 'm not arguing their quality , or music , just the sudden rise in popularity . 
  i 'm not on the edge of modern technology , but just because it 's not popular yet does n't mean it 's new . 
  tl ; dr : it 's old . 
  while we 're at suggestions , the mobile reddit could sure get some work done on it . 
  the same model was / is in zagreb for years , but i 've rarely seen anybody ride it like that . 
  the new trams were designed so that you ca n't ride like that . 
  [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tmk_2200 ), 
  after the first paragraph i thouught we 're on / b / . 
  i did n't watch it a long time , but does n't mtv 2 have non shitty music and videos the whole day ? 
  downvoted for asking a question . 
  great . 
  it 's there , you just have to start from the first page , not no. 6 like the link does . 
  ken park should be on the list . 
  edit : also , teeth . 
  this is lacist . 
  that 's ironic , because i searched for kids on tpb after reading about it . 
  i did n't like ken park ; there were interesting moments , but the movie is more like a compliation of controversional scenes with a hint of acting and actual ... stuff . 
  sorta like 9 songs . 
   mexico has a constitutional law prohibiting military intervention in the affairs of other nations . 
  that 's very interesting to know , i had no idea about that until now . 
  it 's interesting to see how some countries pride themselves when it comes to interventionism , and others find that it is a basic law and comes as something natural . 
  with margaret thatcher as competition , that means very much . 
  i was thinking more about reputation and status among people . 
  i like them . 
  yes , there are lame ones ( mostly from / b / ) , but some of them are really funny . 
  coincidentally , most of them are from / b / too . 
  i like reddit more for the loooong stories and great comments , than bringing me images of cats , marijuana legalization articles and other moderatly interesting stuff . 
  because muslims are violent , easily irritated and make a great percentage of european population . 
  not only are you racist , you 're pretty dumb , too . 
   abolishing money would really make it difficult for anarchists to buy macs and fixed-gear bikes .
