  they 're cheap , travel often and you can get anywhere with them . 
  the more local lines are n't very reliable but the longer routes are not only reliable but scenic . 
  went from pula to split a few years ago and it was very nice . 
  what are into ? 
  zadar is a popular destination but it may not be your cup of tea . 
  it should be a lot faster with a car since the bus stops at every village . 
  generalno sam realist , no ne vidim u \u010demu je problem ? 
   problem je u tome da sam malo ekscentrican, 
  also , george costanza . 
  it 's one of the requirements to enter the council of europe and the eu . 
  that 's the reason only belarus , a dictatorship , is the only country in the continent to have capital punishment . 
  wow this comment ... wow . 
   is n't it dangerous in bosnia ? 
  i suggest not going to either dubrovnik or naples if you 're this uninformed . 
  the balkans rank higher in personal safety than most of europe . 
  if you seriously think you ca n't find anything wrong with him , you 're part of the problem . 
  i 'm afraid to event write this in a subreddit like this one , but culturally , knives are n't welcome in all countries or environments . 
  where i live only preppers would carry the axes you guys have . 
  personally , a good swiss army knife is enough for anything i might need in an urban surrounding . 
  reminds me of fugazi - you should pay rent in my mind, 
  i 'm sure they still transmit propaganda over the border somehow . 
  current day moldova . 
  not sure why that 's less relevant than `` former soviet union . '', 
  ali da . 
  https://hr.wikipedia.org/wiki/operacija_grom_ ( hv ), 
  repetitor . 
  the f-35 is practically untested at this point . 
  for many , it 's still a blueprint . 
  super ekonomska politika frende . 
  the eurofighter has flown thousands of sorties and has hundreds of operational planes for more than a decade . 
  f-35 has yet to have a non-test flight . 
  i was being intentionally obtuse to point out that the f-35 is still years from being ready for a massive deployment in a combat theater . 
   there have been allegations that the documents released were not complete enough and hid evidence , particularly about croatia . 
  can you expand on this please ? 
  i know that the church ( and possibly cia ) helped hide ante pavelic in rome after wwii , but what other details are there about the hidden evidence ? 
  almost 100 % . 
  please go away . 
  nomeansno are the best canadian musical trio . 
  yes you heard me right . 
  it 's pure logic and reason that you have more in common and more sympathy to someone who could be you -- regular people who went on a vacation coming from your country or town . 
  they could easily be working with you , using the same store as you , watching the same tv shows like you . 
  20 + people like that dying violently strikes a cord more than someone dying very far away or someone dying of natural causes , which is completely normal . 
  try goopti , but buses from vienna to zagreb ( and other places in croatia ) are cheap , drive often and are quite comfortable . 
  1995 all over again . 
  not the opinion i expected on this subreddit . 
  city nightmare . 
  wow you do n't use facebook !, 
  please , tell me all about it . 
  well of you 're using the average salary then also use the average tax rate , not just the income tax . 
  the whole debt ceiling crap . 
  car . 
  are n't shotguns banned in armed conflicts ? 
  this exact post is why people hate you . 
  in the last few years zagreb really got a lot more things to do , especially during the summer . 
  there are shows , exhibitions , two new museums in the last month ... a lot of stuff to do really . 
  parquet courts are nice but there 's a whole lot of similar things to do . 
  me too . 
  got a dell axim x5 about the time the x50v came out . 
  that thing was a beast in its time -- 624 mhz , 64/128 mb ram , wifi , bluetooth , both sd and cf card slots , vga screen and output . 
   nsfw works fine as an `` offensive content '' filter . 
  unfortunately it does n't . 
  i 'm guessing this announcement is n't about users but the general way the site is going and how it 's going to present itself to the world . 
  the media gets a shitload of its content from reddit , but it 's never from here but just `` source : internet . '', 
  but when you have a subreddit dedicated to pictures of dead kids * that * by itself is news . 
  hundreds of moms will comment on huffpost and cnn about how reddit is a cesspool . 
  two people will defend free speech or , like you did , say that technical solutions are enough . 
  unfortunately it 's a fact that subreddits like that are ruining reddit 's reputation and most importantly affecting advertising dollars . 
  i do n't like the announcement but very much understand where it 's coming from . 
  do n't worry . 
  the phrase `` in debt like greece '' which is popular in europe has been used for a century . 
  i 'd like to see rainy days per year , this is just the sheer amount . 
  `` we do n't do god '' as campbell said . 
  [ i think he 'd like to have been ronnie kray , but then nature did n't make him that way ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p1a_4cn4ona ), 
  i really thought this was a repost , as grooveshark 's ceo was murdered a few months ago . 
  four of them from buzzfeed . 
  people who do n't know about jasenovac and other camps will use `` covered up '' or `` hidden '' because there are n't any hollywood films so automatically this is a big cover up of some sort , when it 's very well documented and a lot of people were punished because of it . 
  it 's in every history book in the region . 
  dozens of ustashe commanders were killed in immigration ( mossad style ) while tens of thousands of ustashe collaborators were killed after the war , including regular soldiers and civilians . 
  this was standard after wwii in any country , not just here - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bleiburg_repatriations, 
  the state of croatia is a successor of socialist croatia and yugoslavia , that were established to fight the fascist invaders and their local collaborators . 
  even our right wing president apologized for the crimes so this is n't a cover up or some sort of mystery . 
  to je sad politika . 
   also some of todays governmental and intellectual institutions in croatia are still holding on to the claim of less than 40 thousand victims, 
  people who proclaim less than 100 thousand victims are certainly on the political fringe and all mainstream parties in croatia agree with the fact that jasenovac was a concentration camp with massive amounts of dead . 
  dealing in body counts is messy as it is and i 'd prefer not to enter this discussion . 
   and regarding your point about croatia being a successor of socialist croatia and yugoslavia that 's just a weird thing to say, 
  preamble to the croatian constitution , created by the right wing hardliners of the 90s , mind you :, 
   establishing the foundations of state sovereignty during the course of the second world war , by the decisions of the antifascist council of national liberation of croatia ( 1943 ) , as opposed to the proclamation of the independent state of croatia ( 1941 ) , and subsequently in the constitution of the people 's republic of croatia ( 1947 ) and all later constitutions of the socialist republic of croatia ( 1963-1990 ) , on the threshold of the historical changes , marked by the collapse of the communist system and changes in the european international order , the croatian nation by its freely expressed will at the first democratic elections ( 1990 ) reaffirmed its millenniary statehood . 
  by the new constitution of the republic of croatia ( 1990 ) and the victory in the homeland war ( 1991-1995 ) , the croatian nation demonstrated its will and determination to establish and defend the republic of croatia as a free , independent , sovereign and democratic state . 
  i 'll be the first to say that we have disgusting lingering fascist in our society , especially since the 90s , but antifascism is the core of croatia 's society and there 's no parliamentary party that denies the holocaust or ustasha atrocities . 
  i corrected it . 
  they were * killed * by the yugoslav security services , much in the style of mossad . 
  i 'm afraid my point did n't come across . 
  the yugoslav secret services killed a lot of ustasha commanders after wwii , in the same style mossad did nazis . 
  that 's what i 'm referring to . 
  what are you into ? 
  croatia is diverse and offers a lot depending on what you 're interested in . 
  nsfw, 
  love adam curtis , but bitter lake was confusing and at times more modern art than documentary . 
  hope to see more , but expected something different from him .
