  who can be the judge what 's bad enough to warrant the issue of all the documents ? 
  probably the best example is emperor diocletian 's palace in split , croatia . 
  it was built in 305 ad and people still live in it and use it each day . 
  it is as much a tourist attraction as it is a home to people . 
  osim toga , good job . 
  yes , everyone who does n't think like me is a paid government shill . 
  the train ride to belgrade and back was one of the worst in my life , but i hate trains as it is . 
  for example itunes :, 
  - apple has to pay local songwriter and musician organizations like riaa, 
  - they have to conform to local consumer protection laws and provide telephone support or something similar, 
  - music or movie rights are often made on a by country or region basis and company x has the distribution rights for country y so apple has to buy it from them, 
  this looks hella expensive . 
  does anyone have a figure how much a system like this would cost ? 
  i 'm betting it only makes sense in very densely populated places where there 's little alternative . 
  sorry , forgot to mention . 
  second worst . 
  zagreb - split was ** the ** worst . 
  the train was too loud and uncomfortable to sleep or relax and that 's my main problem . 
  i have n't rode many trains but in denmark the cheapest possible tickets were miles better than anything i used in croatia . 
  i 'll leave an open possibility that my two rides were bad , or that i 'm just not made for trains , but i 'll take the bus any day , if it 's a decent road . 
   biggest lesson for future leakers : leak to rt.com ( russia today ) . 
  if you want to be ridiculed and made fun of because you leaked a document about privacy and human rights to a tv station paid for by an authoritarian regime . 
  there are dozens or hundreds of magazines , newspapers , tv stations and websites across the world ( and yes in the us as well ) that would publish leaks against the us government . 
  no sane news organization would just publish anything the whistle-blowers give them , as guardian proved . 
   they where all given gag orders, 
  any source on that or just a wild guess ? 
  going to denmark raised standards :(, 
  which reminds me of the old : `` let me see what you did and * then * you can criticize me ! '', 
  which makes the same amount of sense . 
  ima\u0161 pravo . 
  od ostalih \u017eelim hulu plus i netflix . 
  i always thought of gold as something to support reddit , but with some of these services it looks like a good deal . 
  how many of those services are available internationally ? 
  have you ever listened to the antlers album hospice ? 
  i stand in a long line of people who were extremely moved by the album . 
  it tells a story of a hospice worker who fell in love with a patient and if you listen to the complete thing carefully it 's impossible not to be emotional . 
  i 'm not in the state to formulate all the ways your reply is ignorant , dumb and disrespectful so i 'll just say fuck you . 
  fuck you . 
  to be fair tito used both the east and west for support , whenever he needed it . 
  yugoslavia was shooting down us planes in 1946 and preparing for a soviet invasion on multiple occasions , using both weapons imported from both sides . 
  not to mention that this is all wild speculation with zero proof . 
  it made me realize how much circlejerking there is here . 
  this wo n't stop redditors worshiping putin 's tv network just because it 's anti-american . 
  rt is shit . 
  ugh that map gave me a serious itch . 
  wan na switch places ? 
  i ca n't believe this bullshit list gets upvoted every time . 
   to sto je pola razreda markiralo je njihov problem . 
  israeli deputy foreign secretary danny ayalon did this to the turkish ambassador . 
  check out the balkans to see how that turned out . 
  every country in the region has a minority problem . 
  misli\u0161 \u0161to je sad od mene ? 
  na kraju , everything went better than expected !, 
  wars or no wars , the borders were n't and are n't clear , there are still huge problems that are being kept under the rug . 
  balkanization ca n't work because two nations claim the same territory and both have good reasons for it . 
  you ca n't force people out . 
  hey denmark , you 're welcome . 
  more like one minute , but it brings me some joy to point out karmawhores so i do n't see that time as lost . 
  some guy on / r/askhistorians had a rant about blackadder recently , but i 'm unable to find it right now . 
  it was a great post . 
   we may have the worlds worst public transport, 
  never heard this one , but i guess that most visitors take experiences from london , which has pretty great public transport in my opinion . 
  democracy is n't inherently good . 
  got it . 
  which is why i bought all my used xbox 360 games from the uk . 
  in the future that will probably be used ps4 games . 
  you have cheap games for consoles as well , not every game is $ 60 . 
  a lot of them are cheap from the start , and a whole other bunch get cheaper over time . 
  kakti doma\u0107i trainspotting . 
  what about xbla and indie games , or just older games ? 
  i 'm looking at game.co.uk and there are dozens of great older games for about 10 pounds , like mass effect 3 or sleeping dogs . 
  i agree that the pc market is flexible , large and open , but let 's not pretend consoles are some bricks that only take golden $ 60 discs . 
  or kill him and make it look like suicide . 
  gornja slika je s nekog tumblra koji radi te retardirane slikice tipa `` i love it when boys are cute '' i sli\u010dne pizdarije . 
  not that i do n't agree with you , but bosnia was anything but massive , not even 50 people got killed in a campaign that was n't out to destroy anything bigger than a jeep in a whole country , but to force the serbs into a ceasefire . 
  look at the stats for bosnia and then for libya . 
  one got a dozen vehicles , the other 1500 . 
  i think it 's cool and it 's obvious you have some good skills . 
  but , and do n't take this the wrong way , people have been idolising what nintendo used to be to the point of me involuntarily puking every time i see a cross stitch mario or a 1up necklace . 
  there are so many other sources of creativity outside games nintendo raped and pillaged in the last 30 years to make some money on nostalgia . 
  again , nothing against you personally . 
  ne bi ? 
  so obscuring my pin is enough of a protection ? 
  currently not , but the eu is working on a single eu wide licencing platform that would allow implementing itunes , spotify or any other music ( and probably video ) service in the whole union . 
  my bet is that we 're maybe three of four years from that . 
  does n't curitiba have great rapid transport ? 
  rit is often mentioned among urban planners as a model system . 
  just today i had a discussion about arctic monkeys and how women seem to adore them more than guys . 
  what about all the commercial stuff the church or national churches own ? 
  companies , land ? 
   bootat u safe mode i pokrenut malwarebytes i to je to . 
  nope . 
  - american psychologial association, 
  - american academy of pediatrics, 
  - the royal college of psychiatrists, 
  - pan american health organization, 
  if you do n't have cutting edge equipment , your enemies will have it . 
  china is projected to match us defense spending in 2022 and when they start pumping out better fighters that the us ca n't counter you can be sure us power will start falling . 
  test post please ignore . 
  i know exactly three people that use g + on their phones , and 80 + people in my whatsapp contacts .
