  as a poet once said : they say you do n't have a problem until you start to do it alone . 
  as i lay here with a couple of beers on my table , do you agree ? 
  is it a problem if you drink alone ? 
  currently , i 'm listening to my favourite album , drinking some beer and thinking about a past relationship , so it 's not a normal situation , but what about others ? 
  am i in a drunken ramble ? 
  not necessarily musicals , but more like movies tied with music in some sense . 
  i 'm thinking almost famous , high fidelity or even trainspotting ( the iggy pop connection ) . 
  got any ideas ? 
  my laptop died a couple of days ago and i 'm having the msi u135 netbook on review for a couple of days , but the wifi signal is crap . 
  it 's not my router because i always have a good signal in my room , but now it rarely goes to more than 1/5 in the w7 wireless indicator . 
  the signal even breaks every couple of minutes . 
  is there some ghetto solution to this ? 
  i do n't have any coffee cans at home so no to that . 
  the router has a small antenna on the back . 
  everybody knows about the popular and standard tv shows , but what less known series did we miss ? 
  i 'll start with a couple of not so popular shows :, 
  - [ travel sick ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/travel_sick ) comedy-travel show . 
  very funny and informative as well . 
  - [ the thick of it ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_thick_of_it ) political satire of the modern british government . 
  i highly suggest it for everyone that loves west wing and realism in tv . 
  - [ only fools and horses ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/only_fools_and_horses ) this one is very familiar to some , but i 'm not sure if it 's known in the us . 
  in my opinion the funniest tv show ever . 
  - [ charlie brooker 's screenwipe ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/charlie_brooker's_screenwipe ) and newswipe . 
  great shows about the background works in tv . 
  i also have a suspicion that he 's a redditor , but that 's another thing . 
  ( i noticed they 're all british so there 's a good chance that these are quite well known to some ), 
  i worked with smartphones for years before the iphone came out and there was a definition for them , people knew that there were three simple rules to determine if a phone is `` smart '' . 
  - ability to install native applications, 
  - synchronization with a computer, 
  - free multitasking, 
  - and the often added advanced pim that got lost since almost every phone has it, 
  the moment iphone got out the term became more marketing than tech so apple succeded in what rim wanted to do for years and branded their phone a smartphone , bending whatever definition existed . 
  not to insult anyone , but the us was last in the western world regarding mobile phones , mostly because of the tight grip carriers have on the market , so when they got a phone that could do something more than a razr ( which sucked , despite a revolutionary design ) it instantly became a smartphone . 
  this is my pet peeve so i wanted to sort this out , because it seems that the updated os will get multitasking , albeit it 's a mistery what kind . 
  i 'm sure plenty of people are impressed with surfing the web , downloading apps and doing other fancy stuff on your phone , but there is a definition for that and if we bend it we lose standards . 
  a friend borrowed me his old [ nokia 3300 ] ( http://www.gsmarena.com/nokia_3300-408.php ) the other day , a phone that 's 7 years old . 
  you can surf the web on it , listen to music , play games and install ( java ) apps , some of it in the same time even . 
  you can do plenty of stuff with it , but it 's not a smartphone . 
  a touchscreen does n't matter , 3g does n't matter , the definitions i wrote matter . 
  apple broke the carrier shackles , brought a great interface and a ton of new technologies and standards , and nobody can deny that the iphone means a lot on the market , but let 's bring back standards and cut all the marketing bullshit . 
  when it gets true multitasking i 'll be the first to call it what it really is . 
  yesterday , someone put up a website with a database full of names and dates of people who served in the [ war ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/croatian_war_of_independence ) . 
  you can see it [ here ] ( http://www.registarbranitelja.com/ ) . 
  just enter a name and you can see the unit and dates of serving . 
  the problem is that the official number of 500 000 thousand people who were in the war is overinflated . 
  most people agree that the maximum number is 300 000 thousand , and that 's very * very * optimistic . 
  the current hdz ( center-right and pro eu , in the 90s it was nationalistic and ruled the country with an iron fist ) government does n't want to publish the register because in the 90s they gave away veteran privileges to anyone for anything . 
  secretaries , friends ... you could buy the privileges for 3000 euros . 
  today , you ca n't access the register from croatia , although the reasons are not yet sure . 
  department of interior says it 's not them , department of defense ( from where the data was taken , but not hacked from ) says it 's not them , isp 's say it 's not them ... 
  earlier today a prominent blogger was arrested . 
  he was involved in similar projects like this one in the past , and was one of the advisors to the campaign of the new president . 
  his tax problems prevented him from being his chief of staff . 
  it 's quite possible that he was involved as he did stuff like this in the past . 
  personally , i 'm against publishing any set of names anywhere , so i 'm against this too . 
  but , so many people get money from the state every month and brag about their contribution to the war when they were somewhere in germany or austria hiding . 
  already a couple of ministers in the government were found lying , as is a nationalist singer who was on tour when the register says he was on the front . 
  edit : the blogger was released . 
  i have friends over all of the time , but do n't have the time or nerves to stand over their shoulder when they are using my laptop . 
  since i 'm paranoid and they are prank prone , how do i hide my stuff ? 
  what is the simplest way to let them surf the web ( they use chrome i prefer opera ) and not touch my files or programs ? 
  making a new user seems unecessary and an overkill . 
  the os is windows vista . 
  edit : thanks for the replies . 
  another idea comes to thought , maybe some kind of a web kiosk software or a password locked virtual os ? 
  i 'm currently on the times and guardian online coverage , but when will the first results be out ? 
  maybe exit polls ? 
  where will politics junkies be tonight ? 
  i 'm not in the so just online resources please . 
  the compatibility charts i found mostly said yes , but i 'm not 100 percent sure , so i 'm asking the people who would know the answer . 
  so , i 've got yes , no and maybe . 
  great . 
  it seems like crap , a filler for a new world tour . 
  any other thoughts ? 
  age of majority in the us is mostly 18 , legal drinking age is 20 or 21 and age of consent is around 16 or 18 . 
  why is the 16th birthday such big of a deal ? 
  edit : do n't hate the player people , i 've seen it on numerous shows and online so i thought there 's something about it . 
  i finally got some money and i 'm extending my contract this week and buying an iphone for $ 80 and selling it for $ 330 in the same day . 
  i 'm planning to buy an htc hero . 
  since i 've used it and did n't find any serious problems with it , i 'm wondering if there is some issue i 'm not aware about . 
  xda-developers are doing their thing so froyo will be on it , but is there any other long term problem ? 
  the only thing i 'm worried about is that it does n't end up as g1 , without any support ( except the whole 2.1 fiasco ) and that it 'll take a lot of time to get the hang of writing on a touchscreen . 
  my mp3 player died and i 'm buying an android device soon . 
  i hoped it could replace it for audio and video playback , but as far as i see , the support for video formats is awful . 
  is it a problem with developers or the os itself ? 
  when should we see progress ? 
  i was hoping someone would remember it . 
  i usually bookmark everything , but this one is lost and my google-fu failed me . 
  it was about pop culture in the us , how the generations are changing and that 's noticable in the media . 
  there was mention of husker du , an anecdote about how some guy put a reference to some song on a newspaper cover ( in the 60 's i think , the song was about rain ) and how it was a risk if people would know what he 's talking about . 
  it was a long , analytical article , on some web site . 
  i know i 'm being vague , but i 'm desperate to find it . 
  i know you have her/him/them , so let 's hear it . 
  details + the beverage of choice . 
  is there an app that would have detailed traffic over 3g or wifi ? 
  i want to find out exactly how much an app uses , in kilobytes . 
  a friend fucked me over for a alice in chains concert . 
  i 'm kinda depressed now so i 'm having myself a couple of beers and listening to [ this ] ( http://listen.grooveshark.com/playlist/classic+90+s+alt+rock/30987585 ) awesome playlist compiled by an awesome redditor . 
  what are you doing , my brothers and sisters in booze ? 
  ... and i 'm not happy .
