  i can be in three different countries , depending on the direction i take from where i live . 
  then again , i 'm an hour away from a sunny beach or a ski resort . 
  more like john titor !, 
  wait a couple of weeks . 
  apple will announce some itunes cloud thingy and grooveshark will become a simple way for microsoft or someone else to get in the business quick and painless . 
  also , google is doing a music store type of a service , so your idea is n't that far from possible . 
  i thought the whole `` redditors are virgins hurrrr '' thing will die out after one of * us * banged a celebrity . 
  it 's as if any of us fucked her !, 
  have n't seen it yet , but i 've been hyped about this thing since i heard about it , and i do n't get excited about upcoming movies that easily . 
  even if it is that great , is it really such a gamble from the studios ? 
  is it really such a good movie , or such an unusual subject ? 
  damn , it 's just typical geek stuff , nothing really special except the whole comic effects . 
   i had a ** marketing bs **, 
  i review laptops . 
  fuckloads of them . 
  toshiba are easily in the top three manufacturers overall . 
  sorry to hear about your problemd with their service , but do n't judge their products by that . 
  a somewhat dumb question maybe ... after the blockade was over and until the wall fell , how did people from west berlin travel ? 
  did they just come to the border , showed their passport and freely traveled through east germany to the west ? 
  next up : suing bullet manufacturers . 
  it depends on what class . 
  if we 're talking mid range i would say lenovo/apple  toshiba  asus . 
  samsung does n't sell laptops in my country so i have only limited experience with them . 
  interesting to see this in light of the discussion we had the other day on this subject . 
  i often read americans writing about european governments and the taxes , rules and regulations we endure . 
  americans have the same thing , the corporations which , unlike our governments , do n't have accountability and have a single goal of making more money . 
  not without a wizard hat . 
  more cowbell ? 
  he had a concert in my town . 
  tickets were about $ 30 , the concert sold out , without any massive system behind the ticket sales . 
  i 'm thinking this is n't ticketmaster , but the uninformed masses . 
  i was elected to lead , not read !, 
  i just had a crazy theory ... 
  does anyone see any resemblance between dead kennedys `` california uber alles '' and this movie ? 
  i 'm thinking about the `` future '' being mellow and forced positive . 
  under jerry brown it 's `` you will jog for the master race , and always wear the happy face '' with flowers , organic food , aura and meditation . 
  while demolition man is `` mellow greetings . 
  what seems to be your boggle ? '', 
  with no swearing , no violence , unflavoured food ... not to mention both works take place in california . 
  should i stop drinking or do i have a point here ? 
  you 're a smug asshole . 
  i will gladly recieve downvotes for namecalling , but that wo n't change the fact that reddit does n't need self righteous users like yourself . 
  higher-ups at reddit do n't want to engage in censorship . 
  they all even said that they are for the ads and for the proposition , but their bosses , the ones who make the decision said no . 
  i do n't have to explain that you got ta do what your boss tells you or you lose your job , right ? 
  the decision conde nast made was immoral and in my eyes not needed , but certainly not illegal or dumb - their site , their image and their policies . 
  in the end the guys ( and gals ) at reddit stuck their heads out for the community and let the ads in for free , pissing of cn in the process . 
  and then `` exteriorderivative '' says that they suck , that they censor and that they do n't care about us , delivering misleading facts on the way . 
  to top it off , he is being smug about blocking ads , showing that he does n't a ) care and b ) deliver any profits to reddit . 
  ads are the primary way to monetize a website . 
  reddit has very few ads , non intrusive and mostly banal . 
  deal . 
  with . 
  that 's why i said that ... 
  it 's not illegal or dumb , just immoral and not nice . 
  they have a right to reject ads and they did it . 
  but i 'm talking about your self righteous stance on ad blocking that 's irritating . 
  oh man this is too simple . 
  he links to the microsoft guy * twice * and zero times to his own site , and on several occasions writes how wp7 will be better than android and that it is fueled only by fanboys . 
  he is obviously trying to score a test device from microsoft with some very bad trolling . 
  well you need just one dong for that ... 
  everyone is foaming at this list , but forgetting that it is a compilation of favourite movies , not the best ones . 
  it 's a list by people who enjoy movies , not review them . 
  everybody should just chill down . 
  are you sure ? 
  it was the other way around , nokia was zero and siemens on one . 
  at least that was the situation when i got my first nokia in 1998 and siemens in 1999 . 
  iama confirmed . 
  hitchens stances are n't unknown and he is n't exactly being raised to sainthood on reddit , so run along and take your flamebait somewhere else . 
  oh god , eurocrem ... 
  i 'm suddenly 5 yo again . 
  oh great . 
  i 'm gon na have the cabaret music in my head the whole day . 
  * the sun on the meadow is summery warm ... *, 
  you do it to yourself , you do , and that 's what really hurts . 
  an american paper writing about eu 's death ? 
  i ca n't be surprised enough . 
  i was once the irritating foreigner shitting over americans about their governments foreign policy , world policing and every other inconvenience your country has brought me and the world . 
  there are lots of reasons for that , and when the subject comes to that i 'll say it politely and coherently . 
  but !, 
  people are not their governments and politics is a subject that can make enemies out of close friends , not mentioning tourists and other regular people who have have n't come with bad intentions and just want to have a good time . 
  so , i 'm sorry for all the preaching i did 5 years ago . 
  feel free to ask me for directions and talk to me over a beer . 
  - a european, 
  why ? 
  i do n't know much about him , but he seems like a good enough guy . 
  he did finance reddit in the early days , right ? 
   you 're all toxic wastes of life . 
  it 's ok man , just let it all out . 
  watch [ the fog of war ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_fog_of_war ) . 
  he opened his heart and just said it all out . 
  a little . 
  he looked like a good person who lost his soul and wanted to lay it all out because he had nothing to lose . 
  the first time i saw hair . 
  the ending ripped me apart . 
  * we starve look at one another short of breath ... *, 
  could n't make it work on desire . 
  me too . 
  add a wikipedia link there and i 'm lost for the day . 
  i enjoy the irony of russia having skinheads .
