  a firm upvote . 
  i have been on this issue for months and would love to see it being solved . 
  even more because it takes only a little bit of moderating . 
  it has almost universal acclaim across the ocean so you would be doing yourself a favor by checking it out . 
  david comes to life - fucked up, 
  a great surprise . 
  concept punk album that really brought some much needed energy . 
  let england shake - pj harvey, 
  impressive work by pj harvey . 
  excellent sound and themes , chilling lyrics to match . 
  a serious piece and probably aoty in most of europe . 
  goblin - tyler , the creator, 
  deep may sound like a cliche , but tyler goes from adolescent violence and gore ( dr octagon of our age ) to deep thoughts about life , his relationships with his father , fame , women and just about everything else in between . 
  party store - the dirtbombs, 
  this one flew under the radar , but it was one of my most played albums this year . 
  it 's more fun than serious , but how straight can a garage rock cover of techno classics be ? 
  some people ( like myself ) liked one hot minute . 
  it was different . 
  then again i even liked by the way so what do i know ? 
  the map is from 1982 , in case someone gets confused by yugoslavia . 
  being across the ocean and not really following hip hop , i have n't seen much hype after goblin came out . 
  i spread out listening to it over four months and in the end loved it . 
   and you , too , timothy mcveigh , for wearing that t-shirt , you fucker . 
  could you expand on the t-shirt ? 
  is the proof really necessary ? 
  the man is answering about his personal beliefs , and i 'm not sure how and why would he have to prove them ? 
  are n't the answers enough ? 
  it 's not like the kkk is a legal organization . 
  no question . 
  i would just like the share what mr ice-t would like to say to you . 
  not bizarre , but i 'm not sure what proof can he give , and how that would give more legitimacy to the ama . 
  it would be like asking proof for `` i am a democrat , ama '' . 
  as much as the author is a douche , and gawker is a shithole at best , he does have a point . 
  redditors get too excited sometimes and except 4chan i have n't seen a lynch mob formed so easily and on so shaky grounds . 
  cooler heads must prevail . 
  bel air ? 
  we do n't need any more mods . 
  you 're cool . 
   all they had to do was the same thing they 've always done - follow the porn industry . 
  the porn industry picked vhs . 
  the porn industry picked dvd . 
  the porn industry skipped laserdisc . 
  although i agree with the rest of your post , the porn industry is n't doing too great . 
  consuming movies and music is different than consuming porn and piracy is really hurting the porn industry , at least until they find a way to make money on three minute clips . 
  i always thought that it was better if they died or broke up 40 years ago . 
   and it sets us apart from the world . 
  it may be one of the best , but it does n't set you apart from the world . 
  every industrialised country has free healthcare . 
  oh , except * one * . 
  i 'm a big fan of concept albums , but i 'll go for just one now . 
  tommy , by the who . 
  excellent work , and in my mind better than quadrophenia . 
  [ you should pay rent in my mind ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lv8povospps ), 
  as a rts gamer that does n't like fantasy or sf , i do n't have anything to play . 
  thanks . 
   underrated : guns n roses . 
  they were the biggest band on earth in their prime . 
  in my opinion they and nirvana are the two last big rock bands . 
  no other band after them came close to worldwide fame and history books . 
  the strokes . 
  i find them boring and shallow and have no idea how could they be lumped in together with the white stripes and the hives . 
  i 'm with [ steve albini ] ( http://drownedinsound.com/in_depth/3838-the-strokes-fucking-suck-dis-meets-steve-albini ) on this one :, 
   industry aside , what 's your opinion on the current global interest of american punk/alternative bands , i.e. 
  the white stripes , the strokes , the yeah , yeah , yeah 's ? 
   the strokes fucking suck man . 
  they 're a hype job . 
   so , not a big strokes fan then ? 
   it 's immaterial on whether i 'm a strokes fan or not , they are a hype job . 
  they have purchased publicity , they have purchased media attention . 
  they are not a band that has their own organic following . 
  i would consider the strokes a parasitic aberration . 
  my point is that they are not a part of this american punk rock scene that you are talking about . 
  the white stripes have been around for years , they are more involved in the roots , garage rock underground . 
  libya was done swift , cheap and painless . 
  wo n't argue on iraq and afghanistan , but if every western intervention was like libya we would n't be in this middle eastern mess . 
  i grew up on backstreet boys and mtv on the turn of the century . 
  but rhcp were big back then and that led me to classic rock , 90 's alternative . 
  later i just opened up my horizons and explored on my own . 
  i 've seen such asses from australia it 's unreal . 
  throwing raw fish over my tent , leaving trash and being drunk almost all of the time . 
  then again there were some really nice people that i 'm still friends with . 
  us , france and uk are responible for three thirds of air sorties , so no , they did n't do it by themselves . 
  of course not . 
  they had an interesting relationship ( i once read an awesome article about it , but ca n't find it now ) and were n't cut from the same cloth , but after them the world never had a rock band as big as they were . 
  i agree , that 's why i was replying to the generalization in the last sentence . 
  there are good guys and there are bad guys . 
   what am i gon na do ? 
  go to turkey and brag about gallipoli ? 
  of course not . 
  you kinda lost that one . 
  the mods should have it . 
  yup . 
  charlie had that problem before with the iraq war inquiry when he used puppets and actors to recreate tony blair 's testimony . 
  also the daily show . 
  you may have to remove a stick from your bottom to enjoy this post . 
   at least r/music is still going strong . 
  / r/music has other things destroying it . 
  in my view it is no better than / r/gaming . 
  if you wrote `` scumbag disney '' and posted an empty image i would still upvote . 
  what happened on 21st december ?
