  i heard about the corrupt government etc , but i 've been hearing about the death squads and now i 'm just plain confused . 
  - how cheap is thailand ? 
  i 've heard stories , but not really details . 
  stay safe . 
  wow , we 're on reddit and fight club has n't been posted yet ? 
  i guess it 's a cliche these days , but the ending is fucking strong . 
  the first time i saw it my head was spinning and i was n't sure what i saw . 
  about 20 times later , i 'm just enjoying the little details in the movie . 
   purchasing male prostitutes at rentboy.com . 
  you do n't say ... 
  i 'm just loving all these `` europe is dead '' , `` greece today , uk tomorrow '' and `` eu is sinking '' comments by fancy analysts these days . 
  comes to show how sensationalism and scandals are n't just for the tabloids . 
   we had people on the ground , the soviet union did n't . 
  it had fighters and fighter pilots . 
  the soviet union lost around 300 soldiers there . 
  that 's not somebody just sending equipment . 
  maybe that 's not the definition of a full out total war , but war non the less . 
  the only difference is that it was fought on korean territory . 
  thought you were doing an `` iron man '' pun for a second . 
  just came from a metallica show . 
  i 'm so sorry i could n't see dio live :(, 
  this is actually a good idea . 
  obama is being forced by conservatives , hawks in the pentagon and israel to act on iran . 
  the threat , from their perspective , is primarily aimed at israel , and comes from lebanon , gaza and the west bank , as well as iran . 
  this move could shut up plenty of people , calm tensions down and save money in the long run . 
  then again , it 's just wishful thinking from my side . 
  i hate when i miss a meme and do n't know half of the references the week after . 
  italy had only a couple of governments that finished their terms since wwii . 
   edit : okay , i skipped to origins of the crisis and you know what ? 
  this is why america did away with monarchies . 
  i do n't see what this has to do with the fact that thailand is a monarchy . 
  also , the king is one of the rare people there who could stop this mess . 
  the us does it to other people so that makes it right . 
  or you can download all of it and run it locally . 
  as much as i respect a project like this , it 's only a matter of collecting all of the ... 
  * clicks one of the links *, 
  fuck me , that 's a lot of info !, 
  fuck you . 
  why should anybody have the right to force me what to do with my property ? 
  it 's not illegal to paint my house purple and i 'll do it if i want to . 
  so i can be forced to do something just because i 'm not involved in my community ? 
  what kind of fascist shit is this ? 
  i buy a house , pay my bills and then someone dictates the color of my fence ? 
  as someone who had to search what hoa means before reading the rest of the thread , allow me to say ... what the fuck ? 
  i ca n't see how this could be legal or even moral in any way . 
  i 'm fascinated by how much americans value their freedom and want to be protected from the government and then get fucked by amateur losers like hoa 's or companies . 
  symbian is a smartphone os , and anybody who says otherwise is either a ) sucker for propaganda , b ) dumb . 
  you are wrong . 
  a smartphone os is a mobile operating system that is capable of multitasking , installing native applications and syncing to a pc or cloud . 
  a smartphone depends only on the os , the hardware is n't relevant to the definition . 
  this is apple 's propaganda waged since the iphone came out , when it did n't have apps or multitasking . 
  apple ignored every industry definition and said it 's a smartphone and kept yelling lalalalala to everyone . 
  signed : a person that uses smartphones since the first one came out , and makes his living writing about them . 
  yes there is , this myth has been debunked . 
  i 'm a tech journalist in a magazine , and i ca n't talk for anybody except the couple of publications i 've worked for . 
  neither me or every colleague i have talked to have been influenced by the manufacturer , salesman or a pr agency for a review . 
  my editors have never censored me and while companies did retract their advertisement over my reviews , i have never been presured to go easy on someone because of something . 
  i 've been approached with a bribe a couple of times but i did n't take it . 
  there is integrity in the it media , the only problem is finding it . 
  i review music and wanted to know what redditors think . 
  great !, 
  but do n't get your hopes up , the album really is n't anything special . 
  hussein is common in muslim countries , and saddam sounds simple and sinister . 
  london mayor boris johnson is also called boris most of the time , because johnson is common in the english speaking world while boris is n't so much . 
  his fans say that it 's charismatic , his enemies insist on johnson . 
  whoa . 
  i wish i could copy/paste your review , it seems right on the spot . 
  did hole ever not suck ? 
  i only know about celebrity skin . 
  because this is the kind of marketing they need . 
  i do n't really agree on the stoner pic . 
  who are they ? 
  i was writing a piece about froyo and this part was a little baffling . 
  why was n't it presented with a bigger bang ? 
  why no details ? 
  there are 8.3 trillion dollars in the world ? 
  what ? 
  the vatican has been very pro science in the last century , especially when compared to more radical religions and leaders . 
   the only way to become completely fluent for 99.9 % of the population is living in a foreign country, 
  you talking about italian or all languages ? 
  because i 've never set foot in an english speaking country and i can speak and write the language very well . 
  also , how many countries got their independence back by themselves ? 
  one if i recall correctly . 
   it should make you grow chest hair just saying that out loud . 
  i 'm gon na sue you for false advertising fucker . 
   everybody 's so busy wanting to be down with the gang . 
  `` i 'm conservative '' , `` i 'm liberal '' , `` i 'm conservative '' . 
  be a fucking person !, 
  lis-ten !, 
  let it swirl around your head . 
  then form your opinion . 
  no normal , decent person is one thing , okay ? 
  i 've got some shit i 'm conservative about , i 've got some shit i 'm liberal about . 
  crime , i 'm conservative . 
  prostitution , i 'm liberal !, 
  - chris rock, 
  posted there a couple of times , most submissions were deleted . 
  i 'd rather have a bare chest anyway !, 
  the partisans liberated the country alone , but got supplies from allies only after 1943 . 
  red army helped in the late phases , but the yugoslav partisans were mostly alone the whole war .
