  correct me if i 'm wrong , but does n't nokia give the new os to the old devices for free ? 
  30 % blew up in your face ? 
  the guy that had his position before him resigned over the iraq war and had some fucking guts while at it . 
  crap ... 
  this is depressing , because the first thing i do when i wake up is check my phone for e-mail , sms , news and of course reddit . 
  only then i get out of bed and do stuff . 
  victorinox , caterpillar , sennheiser , ibm/lenovo laptops . 
   faster cellphone networks ? 
  if we want to bring about the whole cdma vs gsm argument remember this . 
  in the early 80 's a bunch of european nations let the government decide on a standard . 
  in the u.s. the government let the best solution win through competition ; thus cdma was born and it was and still is the superior solution . 
  europe was leagues in front of the us in mobile technologies , only when the iphone came out you got a phone that was n't raped by a carrier . 
  like the standards : cdma is made by qualcomm and the whole standard is owned by a single company , while gsm was made by a comission of experts who 's only mission was to make a mobile technology , not depending on corporations or other interests . 
  while they both have faults and pluses , gsm is clearly dominating and not by a small margin . 
  new england , northwest ? 
  i know where i would n't go . 
  well to be fair i live in a small country and without a passport i can get from wheat fields to sunny beaches and snowy mountains in three hours . 
  i can ski on a mountain and swim on a sandy beach in the same afternoon . 
  i agree . 
  i live in a european country that is not know for its social system , but i am sure in every moment that should my life fall apart i will have social benefits that will keep me not only alive , but living a decent life . 
   i 'd say countries that are overwhelmingly single religion are scarier and more prone to exclusion and extremism than the ridiculous diversity that you can see in almost any major american city . 
  prone ? 
  maybe . 
  but in real life religion does n't really matter in europe . 
  my country is almost 90 % catholic , but elected two agnostic presidents and an atheist prime minister . 
  imagine that in the us . 
  it 's not all black and white . 
  while i would never move to the us for more than a year , american culture is so spread into every part of our lives that you ca n't ignore it . 
  you ca n't even imagine what 's that like . 
  and do n't confuse liking your music with liking your country . 
  an older government does n't mean anything really , and some things like your constitution seem archaic and old . 
  it was revolutionary in its own time , but things have changed since 1787 . 
  so , you would n't move to europe because you 'd have to pay for public restrooms ? 
   alcohol : get over yourselves . 
  beer sucks . 
  you deserve every downvote you get . 
  [ also ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alcohol_belts_of_europe ), 
  his name was [ robin cook ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/robin_cook ) . 
  unfortuneatly , he died a couple of years ago . 
  oh god ... 
  i 'm afraid of hights and walking on the walls ... 
  not enjoyable on some parts . 
  whoa dude . 
  creepy as hell . 
  if you need some info or have some questions about zagreb you can pm me . 
  must have been a coincidence i have n't been killed , mugged or beaten up in 20 years i 've been living and traveling through central and eastern europe . 
  i 've slept outdoors , walked for hours during the night in over 20 cities in that region and never had any harm done to me . 
  i walk through any neighborhood of my city at any time of day or night without any fear . 
  i never heard of the `` eastern europe is unsafe '' stereotype but i wish it could die as soon as possible . 
  - europe is not one country . 
  - not every country in europe has banned weapons . 
  soooo ... outside of a few simpsons episodes i have n't really seen any o'brien 's work . 
  is there a video somewhere of some of his shows , maybe even the last one , that will work for us godless commie europeans ? 
  i 'm not from the us . 
  that 's why i 'm freaked out . 
  hell yes . 
  i walk home after a drunken night and sing loud in the streets at about 4-5 am . 
  kid rock is an asshole . 
  surround yourself with good friends and good alcohol . 
  happy birthday . 
  wow , i listened to their stuff on youtube , they 're great . 
  from what country are they ? 
  from what country are you ? 
  where were you based during unprofor ? 
  we ca n't recommend anything until we know what you want from a phone . 
  if you need an mp3 player take the iphone , if you wan na geek out , take the n900 . 
  what do you need from a phone ? 
  sounds like a normal day if you have acute periodontitis . 
  so is it really the dullest capital in europe ? 
  i think he meant regular tapes . 
  i 'm 20 and remember c64 tapes , 3,5 '' floppy disks for amiga and 5,25 '' for my first pc . 
  yes , i only had old stuff . 
  so , obvious question is , what brand is the most reliable and gives the best bang for buck ? 
  what car would you buy for yourself ? 
  [ whoa ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/murdoc_niccals ) . 
  thought the name was familiar . 
  edward norton . 
  showing feelings is branded gay . 
  you worked on madison avenue in the 60 's , right ? 
  old set of flags . 
  / nitpick, 
  ... there are many like it but this one is mine . 
  vai , you magnificient fucker ... 
  i want that hair . 
  this is a fucking wish come true . 
  a cute girl that likes the pixies ? 
  that 's a bingo !, 
  minus the iphone and their hellish headphones of course . 
  outside of 4chan jokes ( and a line in hair ) i really do n't see this stereotype anywhere and do n't fucking get it . 
  probably because i 'm from europe , but hell , everyone likes fried chicken , right ? 
  how are rates in the us ? 
  i do n't know about the rest of europe , but in my country on t-mobile :, 
  i 've got 0,19 usd per minute , 0,05 per sms ( 300 free ones per month ) , 10 bucks every month . 
  the only additional thing i have is data , 150 mb for 10 dollars . 
  incoming calls and messages are free and i 'm using a time-free post paid service which means i can use another operator tomorrow if i want . 
  is that the new u2 song ? 
  that does n't sound so awful . 
  the thing that would bother me most is paying for incoming calls and messages and billing periods that are more than 15 or 30 seconds . 
  khm , freevpn might help you . 
  you could better explain these things than wikipedia , right ?
