  i buy my phones unlocked and free of carriers bullshit . 
  it may be a higher price , but i 'm free to do what i want and have been for years . 
  in europe , carriers are limited in their control over your phone so you 're not fucked even in that case . 
  you have only yourself and your fellow customers to blame for enabling their crap practices . 
  i think it 's a culture thing , that they actually * want * to have cluttered menues . 
  read about it in wired i think . 
  despite sony being crap for the last couple of years , they still make an unbelievable range of products while apple limits itself on computers and portable devices . 
  also , apple is n't really that popular in some places and except ipods is n't really a market leader . 
  wow . 
  i first read about the mobile version of firefox about 4-5 years ago . 
  except a wm version years ago i have n't seen it actually working . 
  i actually think that 's great . 
  imagine being mature enough the moment you realise the whole new dimension in your life , and establish a love of music in a later age . 
  not sure about most people , but i had that moment when i was too young to realise what exactly happened . 
   but he 's kind of shy, 
  you do n't say ? 
  i mostly write tech reviews . 
  i do n't know , i 'm very picky about my `` moving abroad '' fantasy . 
  definitely europe , i 'd prefer central or north . 
  changing the way people look at two groups of products does n't mean a company defines consumer electronics . 
  they did n't invent anything and the only innovating thing i can think of is making great products by using technologies already known . 
   what consumer products does apple make besides the ipod and iphone ? 
  you 're the first one that mentioned consumer electronics . 
   what i 'm referring to is the way sony used to set the standard for design and innovation . 
  is apple doing that now ? 
  the trend is to copy the look and feel of their devices , but that 's just hopping on a bandwagon , not defining anything . 
  that 's why i said that i ** think ** it 's that . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://www.wired.com/gadgets/wireless/news/2008/06/japan_phones ) the article in question . 
   anyways , how much should i give ? 
  you should give the amount you 're comfortable with . 
  it does n't matter if the government is giving money in your name or not , it 's more deeper than that . 
  if you do n't feel the need to give then do n't , nobody will judge you over that . 
  it 's not your duty or obligation , it 's not like somebody is keeping score and will one day judge you on your charity track . 
  i was talking about apple , not sony . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  sony did stuff first , he invented stuff . 
  in its time , it was truly a groundbreaking , worldwide important company . 
  sony did n't change the way people look at something , he * made * that something first . 
  apple packages stuff nicely . 
  even if it has a hundred bad points , the fact that it keeps peace among former agressors and imperialist forces reedems it . 
  walkman , portable television , betacam ( and betamax ) , dat , hi8 . 
  helped invent the cd , s/pdif , blu ray , introduced the 3,5 '' floppy ... 
  this is just 5 minutes of googling . 
   tiny box-sized apartment , most of my childhood had to wear inherited clothes from elder siblings, 
  most people still do that today . 
  amateurs . 
  anyone from the balkans mind helping me with our best selection ? 
  [ reference ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zc9n94rchdo ), 
  there is a fritzl/austria/worst country evar joke somewhere in here . 
  no , * that * would be racist . 
  not much , unfortuneatly . 
  i knew what it meant from a literary perspective , but the thing is that in the 90 's , when i read it , translated from english , it is n't so much rebelious and angsty . 
  i could n't side with holden because a kid in the 90 's would n't act like he did , and the movies and other books i read back then pointed that out . 
  in the 50 's it was probably a big deal , but today i find it hard to understand it in that way . 
  dat ass, 
  i 'm a big rhcp fan . 
  i grew up along their music . 
  californication marked that period in my life more than some close people i know . 
  the day by the way came out i walked an hour to a friends house , who downloaded it , went back home , got a grip and listened to it . 
  and again . 
  i was disappointed , angry even . 
  expecting bigger stuff , i put the cd aside and forgot about it . 
  about a year later , plenty of stuff happened to me and being a turbulent time in my life , i really was a changed person . 
  i listened to it again and was surprised how good the album was ... 
  the problem is that we 're compairing it with bssm and other albums , and not looking at it like an independent work . 
  that said , i do n't like stadium arcadium . 
  i 'll wait a couple of years . 
  i 'm cool with this . 
  you 're the exception , not the rule . 
  dexter 's lab , johnny bravo , powerpuff girls , captain planet , freakazoid , simpsons ... ca n't really remember any movies , i mostly grew up on rambo . 
  i actually laughed out loud while watching this . 
  it 's like they 're in a classroom and the teacher just said something bad about them . 
  this actually disappointed me . 
  oh gawd ... * rolls eyes * happy birthday kidcoma !, 
  are you happy now ? 
  or , or , or ... do n't get one , period ? 
  and it would be called nokia n900 ? 
  you can put android on it , and the screen is pretty good while using fingers , but i agree , capacitive would be better . 
  i 'm pissed off by the reaction . 
  reddit has proved that it values the community and respects our wishes and thoughts while we constantly bitch about adblock and other crap . 
  sites with traffic comparable to reddit 's have obnoxious amounts of off topic flash ads , while reddit mostly uses the ad space to sell shirts to keep the site running . 
  people are starting to get extremely picky and demanding , and it angers me that not many people gave the reddit team benefit of a doubt over the pop up ad , but rather got pitchforks sharped and prepared some tar and feathers . 
  do you guys ship stuff to europe ? 
  i 'm broke , but when i get some cash i 'll buy a shirt or something , because this site deserves to get some money out of a user base that thinks it 's too good to see some ads . 
  may 24 . 
  i 'm 10 years younger than you , but i expect the same treatment . 
  there 's little doubt in my mind that the reddit team does n't know that . 
  they know who the average user is and how he 'll react . 
  although i did n't see the ad in question , i knew that it was n't on purpose . 
  i 'm actually more pissed off by the people who use the site and in the same time refuse to see a single ad . 
  now , i know that adblock is n't necessarily bad for site owners , but it 's a matter of principle - the community makes the content here , but reddit provides an awesome platform for that , and viewing a couple of ads is the least we can give back . 
  i fell asleep . 
  really , lying in my bed , three hours before i usually snooze off , i fell asleep because of the music . 
  why did n't you sell out ? 
  how many nights did you fall asleep thinking how much money you would get out of a single ad on the site ? 
  i respect you for this , i really do , but in your position i 'm not sure i would make it . 
  i love these so called experts who know only one side of a story ( that happens to be the popular side ) and stick with that even though it 's wrong . 
  i 'm not talking about the ipad . 
   the iphone was no more or less open than devices that preceded it, 
  fuck you , and fuck everyone that will read this and believe it .
