  and another one and another ... 
  so i was fairly pissed and got back to class drunk ( which was n't that unusual ) , but i was very pumped that day , did n't sleep the night before and had some problems at work , love life etc. 
  so i snapped and mostly just said to everyone what i thought about them , but with more swearing and insults than usual . 
  i went drinking again after school and spent drinking and having fun all day , with the difference of being very direct and honest . 
  a lot of it was a big blur . 
  the next day i found out the scope of my day off , about 30 calls , dozens of messages and e-mails to everyone from my friends to my boss , professors and relatives . 
  it took me weeks to talk again to some people . 
  that 's the new pr spin these days . 
  `` no , she dresses and acts like a decadent and distasteful bimbo , but that 's just ironic , she 's actually smart , writes her own songs and is influenced by music that 's not even close to the electro-pop-shit she actually performs '', 
  lady gaga and kesha . 
  fortunately the only two examples i know . 
  i would n't put simpsons and family guy or american dad in the same category . 
  when i come home drunk and just need something for a cheap laugh i 'll put family guy or south park and love it . 
  but when i wake up in the morning , make some cereals ... only the simpsons and futurama could cut it . 
  that 's what i wanted to ask you , what 's your opinion of that game ? 
  what do you think of colina ? 
  more superstar than ref ? 
  yes , you 're right . 
  with a small population like iceland 's , it would be easy to regulate it so that there 's no abuse , trafficing or other illegal activities . 
  this is not a feminist issue , this is a moral issue , and not the kind of morals we usually think of . 
  people , male or female , have a right to choose that line of work and banning it is prudish and totalitarian . 
  shame on island for putting ideology before doing what 's right . 
  my guess is people may act tipsy , but drunk , no way . 
  the coastline maybe , but inland no way . 
  croatia is usually placed in :, 
  - southeastern europe, 
  - eastern europe, 
  - central europe, 
  - balkans, 
  - west balkans, 
  - south europe, 
  pick one . 
  i guess something from nirvana or stairway to heaven , if we counted only the kids . 
  refresh the front page , then again . 
  driving ? 
  like 16 or 18 ? 
  i got my mom 's old phone when i was 10 ( so 10 years ago ) and got a prepaid number with a fixed balance on it so i used it to call my mom at work from school , saying i 'll be late from the movies and texting my friends . 
  i still remember some of the messages , they 're great memories from that period in my life . 
  why should n't a kid communicate with his friends ? 
  you can easily limit the money spent so no problem there , but limiting communication by not getting a cheap phone is wrong . 
  zealot . 
  holy shit . 
  [ baader-meinhof phenomenon ] ( http://bestofwikipedia.tumblr.com/post/151493458/baader-meinhof-phenomenon ) . 
  i just read a piece in the week that mentions the beltway and i did n't know what it means so i checked it on wikipedia and got back to the amanpour story that i was looking for . 
  searched reddit for it and came here . 
  beltways ... 
  everywhere !, 
  dude , live aid was huge . 
  not knowing about it pretty much means you 're living under a rock . 
  i never understood the hate against thatcher until i saw an article in the guardian where people replied where they were when she resigned . 
  almost every of the few hundred comments tried to describe joy and celebration . 
  i 'll post it when i get home . 
  it 's not about caring or liking them . 
  in my opinion , live aid made more damage than good , but what are the chances of not hearing about such a huge global event ? 
  you 're mixing guerilla and regular warfare . 
  the taliban and other tribes are not an organized army , but a loose organization that acts as a strike and run force . 
  the north korean army , on the other hand , is a normal army . 
  only later , and that 's melodic emo . 
  in movies , americans are always building houses out of a wooden frame . 
  is it like that in real life , too ? 
  also , do you use blocks like this ? 
  i lol 'd more at the second reply pic , i did n't see it before . 
  and i hang out on 4chan most of the time . 
  yes , but will we torture her too ? 
  i 'm not sure north koreans are the kind of people that would continue the fight with the new government in place . 
  maybe sporadic bombs and shootings , but i doubt there would be a iraq style scenario . 
  fun fact : aircraft carriers are not allowed to cross the bosporus into the black sea . 
  hence the russians do n't really have an aircraft carrier , but hybrid versions . 
  also , many of these are not classified as aircraft carriers so the chart is mostly wrong . 
  thanks . 
  barry or rob from high fidelity . 
  oh piss off . 
  every week we have a thread about obama not prosecuting bush and another thread about him being cool . 
  the same way we have people saying `` thank you for your service '' to soldiers and threads where people say that 's a load of bullshit . 
  if you get your head out of your ass and look closely , you 'll see that reddit does n't have groupthink or one line of thinking , just that some opinions are more popular than others . 
  but i downvoted you just for this :, 
   edit : aaaaah snap !, 
  here come the downvotes !, 
  what city would be considered the most european ? 
  let 's say i want to move to a city with less than a million people , with lots of pedestrian areas , good public transportation , low crime ? 
  cheap would be a bonus but i think i 'm asking for much . 
  the montreux convention prohibits aircraft carriers to enter the black sea through the bosporus . 
  russia 's mediterranean fleet is based in the black sea so that kind of a design is not great for them , although they have hybrid carriers which fill that role and they have been stationed there in the past . 
  carriers are also considered too imperialistic and expensive , so they were n't that used in the past , but might get more attention from the russians in the future , but i doubt we 'll see a carrier in a classic sense of the definition . 
  considering that turkey is a member of nato and has a shitload of artillery aimed at the straits , i 'm not sure russia would risk it . 
  is your dad [ barry gibb ] ( http://www.thewaxfactor.com/images/barry-gibb-now-voyager-173992.jpg ) from the bee gees ? 
  you m-m-m-m-make me ha-a-ppy . 
  meh , never did like sc4 . 
  installed sim city 3000 a couple of weeks ago and i 'm having more fun than with any other version , although 2000 was excellent . 
  sc 3k looks great , not like some older games that look and act like shit now . 
  like asking me which testicle i like better - both are pretty important to me . 
  i 'm not sure that 's true . 
  at least the part about europe . 
  yup , never saw one , except in movies . 
  the same thing with not owning a washing machine , i think everyone in europe has one . 
  yes , it works great . 
  no compability , just install and run . 
  it all ends up on one standard - smart . 
  very interesting , at least from a european perspective where driving to school seems ... 
  odd .
