  it is wrong and i 'm not providing justification for myself . 
  there . 
  i shall use this frequently and eloquently . 
  well you got to admit that kids have soft skin . 
  as i said , i 'm not defending myself . 
  i 'm not entitled to it , but there is a huge gray area when downloading stuff that makes the victim practically invisible to me . 
  comparing it with rape does n't make sense , because with rape i physically attack a person and admiting it would put me in jail . 
  downloading music , movies and shows for the last ten years did n't do me any harm . 
  if it did i would probably stop or conceal myself better . 
   also : http://news.ycombinator.com, 
  while it is a great forum for discussions , in a way that people mostly make thought-out , smart and argumented comments , the problem is that a lot of them are delusional , living in the start up universe in so that we get long discussions about trivial crap that does n't deserve the attention . 
  yes , a crime is a crime , i agree . 
  but , would you rather get shot or have your album downloaded over some p2p network ? 
  europe : not a country, 
  / cruise control, 
  1 ) witchcraft -- queen of bees, 
  2 ) witchcraft -- if wishes were horses, 
  3 ) black sabbath -- spiral architect, 
  4 ) witchcraft -- remembered, 
  this is where i realized i listened to too much witchcraft . 
  it 's not a british program and it 's pretty openly the kremlins propaganda network . 
  most of them from the rino list i saw a week ago . 
  it seems that `` moderate '' became a dirty word with the republicans . 
  i do n't know why you 're downvoted , dadt was a stepping stone and a good thing ... ** then ** . 
  in the mean time it became less of a compromise and more of a discrimination . 
  images i can get , but i constantly select text so dragging just makes it worse . 
  decade ? 
  i still load it up on my phone and read random if i have trouble sleeping . 
  oh god damnit . 
  now i have to think what to say to my mom when i tell her i need a jar for something . 
  or the marketplace should adapt ? 
  itunes and netflix seem to be doing fine . 
  it 's not , but if there is a massive shift on the market maybe they should take the hint ? 
  funny at first , sad at the end . 
  i just bought the wall on vinyl today . 
  nobody will fix you up for you . 
  i do n't even have a strong enough pc to run most of the games but i almost bought bad company 2 . 
  damn you steam !, 
  it was a funny article , i read it a couple of hours ago but that sentence stuck in my head . 
  as time passes by we 're getting smaller and smaller lessons about important events . 
  i guess we should just prioritize better . 
  am i the only one that wants to go to holland but does n't smoke weed ? 
  people give their information to facebook voluntarily , and they know facebook can sell it . 
  wikileaks got their information illegaly . 
  let 's not get carried away by dumb analogies . 
  edit : oh , i 'm sorry , i forgot that criticism against wikileaks is forbidden . 
  fapping with the volume on ... like a boss . 
  and now you know what 90 % of apps are for . 
  til : you lose part of the game you paid for if you cheat . 
  in my days you just got banned from the server in question . 
  is ... is that a pokemon ? 
  i worked for a couple of it magazines , reviewing mobile phones , which usually pass 30 or so pairs of hands in a review cycle . 
  but the lower you are in the food chain the later you get the phone . 
  now , i have seen dozens , probably near 50 photos of peoples feet in a bathroom , while taking a dump . 
  it 's almost a convention to play with a new phone while doing your business . 
  i 'm just sorry i did n't save all of them , but at least i learned to erase the phone memory before handing it away . 
  there 's a cola-like drink where i live called [ cockta ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cockta ) . 
  it 's actually great . 
  front-facing cameras were introduced in europe around 2004-5 and they were never that popular because it did n't make much sense . 
  it still does n't imo . 
  but yes , it was the weirdest trend that i ever saw . 
  good thing i work in a top magazine these days so i get phones first or second . 
  wall street journal reader i suppose ? 
  good movie . 
  great ending . 
  what is a bail bondsman ? 
  except in jackie brown , i 've never heard of them . 
  a lot of languages do n't use x or y so it 's easy to make the mistake . 
  centimeter ? 
  kilometer ? 
  are you * sure * you 're from the us ? 
  the definition of `` freedom of speech '' is n't the same everywhere . 
  europeans do n't move around as much as americans do , and if they do that it is mostly withing the same country . 
  the eu is not a country and although crossing a border is simple and easy , you are crossing into another set of laws , culture , language , economy . 
  to be fair jobbik and the magyar garda are creepy . 
   `` the tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants . '', 
  - thomas jefferson, 
  go sell that to americans who will gladly eat up anything the founding fathers said , we do n't believe in violence just for the sake of it . 
  and california . 
  obviously greenland . 
  please find it if you can , because if an average american moves a hundred miles in any direction he will have the same stores , the same president , the same parliament , the same tv shows and the same language . 
  if i move a hundred miles in any direction i 'll be greeted with another language , another culture , another law , president , parliament and even political system . 
  it is not nearly as simple or easy as it is for americans . 
   nowadays both of these organizations are quite insignificant . 
  jobbik , who six months ago doubled its votes and became the third largest party , with two percents dividing them from the second place ? 
  [ this ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/0,1518,722880,00.html ) may be alarmist , but pictures of `` patriotic squads '' marching in military formation and uniforms scare me . 
   is n't this just a euphemism that nationalists use for `` nationalism , '', 
  i do n't think that nationalism has to be exceptionalism , nationalists do n't necessarily believe that their country is better than others , but that it 's `` their country '' and that 's the reason they defend and glorify it . 
   we claim to have , `` the most advanced constitution in the world . '', 
  why is that ? 
  what is : licence to ? 
  i know , but i 'm planning on using the account i have now , since i got to a good level in black ops , and got a few friends on . 
  . co.uk too ? 
  if she were gay , she 'd be gaybraham lincoln . 
  do you plan to live here forever or move to the city ? 
  nope , the cards are region coded and i did n't see the option to send the code right away , only shipping . 
   ( 80 's emo , none of this shit you guys have now ), 
  any chance you 're a moisture farmer ? 
  obvious troll is obvious . 
  like rites of spring , embrace , maybe even h\u00fcsker d\u00fc by some definitions .
