  on hulu i just click and watch , simple as that . 
  only the ads , the fucking ads ... do you americans have that many ads on tv as well ? 
  god , there are some awful comments out there . 
  i left mine . 
  without `` the '' . 
  one of my pet peeves . 
  ( yup , i know what the reference here is ), 
  over here we have laws regulating that . 
  shows that last half an hour or less do n't even have ads . 
  not always , i 'm currently downloading the second season of sons of anarchy and i 'm willing to wait . 
  but when i need my simpsons/30rock/whatever fix , i do n't like to wait hours just to watch one or two episodes . 
  stuck here out of gas, 
  out here on the gaza strip, 
  from driving in too fast, 
  4 ads per 22 minute episode . 
  that 's 4 ads more than i 'm used to . 
  not everyone lives in the us . 
  more than 60 posts in the last hour , not to count comments , pictures and the deleted ones . 
  i 'm not advocating an online lynch or something , just reminding people that they can voice their support and counter such comments on the pixies ' facebook page . 
  so you 're one of them twitter users i 've been hearing about . 
  small countries do that . 
   like most of non-eastern bloc europe , iceland is probably fairly non-religious , right ? 
  i 'm not sure where you got that stereotype . 
  out of the 10 most non-religious countries in europe , four are from the east , and out of the 10 most religious , only two were part of the eastern communist bloc . 
  many eastern bloc countries were atheist by decree , even if it was n't official , so religion served as a sign of nationalism and independence , which was most prominent in poland and croatia . 
  after the fall of communism religion and nationalism were mixed and there you have it . 
  god bless them , every single one !, 
  try late 90s . 
  i was born in 1989 and did n't have any of that stuff when i was growing up ... gps ? 
  facebook ? 
  except vhs , that was widespread , everything was like you describe . 
  also , what 's the problem with coping , it 's not like facebook is the only way i communicate with people . 
  yes , it would be inconvenient to call people at their homes again , but it 's not really life changing . 
  all of the above advice is great , but i would recommend wearing a french , scottish or irish shirt to show your support for those teams . 
  by the english tradition of multiculturalism , you will be treated like a loved guest . 
  fuck you i wo n't do what you tell me . 
  consider for a second that it was a pun on italians or english . 
  the thread would be full of jokes and stereotypes , but nobody would call it racism or anti-whatever , but just because you do n't have a raging anti-italian movement on the web . 
  your perception is flawed . 
  upvoted and downvoted purely out of spite for never seeing them play live . 
  fucking awesome . 
  i love naming themes !, 
  political corectness ? 
  on * my * reddit ? 
  anyone who just reads headlines and does n't think critically is n't informed , whatever the medium or source . 
  wow . 
  thank you for a very * very * detailed response . 
  i like the idea of it , purely for idealism , but it is not possible . 
  a couple of redditors gave a good counter-argument , but i 'd like to add that without a strong military force a country loses its influence and suffers on an international scale . 
  remember what the german president said , troops in afghanistan were there to protect their economic interest . 
  countries without a good fighting force ( and major powers like britain - strategic weapons ) lose ground on an international scale which influences the economy . 
  in the long run - a bad decision . 
  i say cut defense , but a big slice . 
  send the experts and watchdogs and make the best out of a smaller budget . 
  well there are 100 redditors from croatia and around 20-25 of them are regulars . 
  there was a map thingy where people would pin their location , and some stats made later . 
  the 20-25 is my estimate based on shamelessly stalking people i suspect might be from croatia . 
  most people seem to know , 17 upvotes on my comment and over 200 on almodozo 's . 
  this may just be proof that there is a god . 
  saw a similar one for people with hiv . 
  that kinda makes sense , but dating someone just because of a computer preference ? 
  that does n't sound healthy . 
  you deserve the recognition , even if it is just karma . 
  also , the answer was great , there was a short piece about the elections in the netherlands on the tv news today and i 'm glad i had the back information about this . 
  very far indeed . 
  good idea and a very good analysis . 
  but ... 
  for every band that gets its fame from an alternative source , last.fm , youtube , whatever , you have a lady gaga , britney spears , miley cyrus that is a product of a massive corporation and gets famous ( and gets money ) through normal routes . 
  do you think we 'll have two alternative music industries , one `` indie '' and the other classic ? 
  personally , i think that the industry should back up and get used to smaller profits . 
  they need to downsize themselves and be prepared to have a smaller influence and position in the music business . 
  that will allow the artists to make more money out of their work and choose the way they 're gon na do marketing and other aspects . 
  the reason why that wo n't happen is that they are greedy fucks and do n't like giving up their money . 
  he 's not serbian . 
  i was a frequent mobile reddit user ( even reported a few problems ) , but i gave up because of the issues . 
  anyway , on my webkit based browser on nokia e71 ( which many redditors use ) the three choices are n't even visible . 
  it looks like when i go with opera on my pc , just empty boxes . 
  here 's a screenshot of what happens when i scroll , after choosing the new interface : http://imgur.com/ubnlo, 
  i agree , but the most with a huge divide . 
  the `` indie '' bands have a much tougher time not only getting money but recognition as well . 
  and in the decade or two even the indie bands were stolen by the big record companies to get a slice of the independent pie . 
  very confusing and unsure situation right now , and i 'm afraid that it 's not going well for the consumer , although everyone else is having a renessance - it has never been easier to make and distribute music , or to listen to it . 
  not really . 
  she was first signed to a major recording label when she was 19 , 5 years ago . 
  youtube itself was made in 2005 and made it big in 2006-7 . 
  some time after that she was picked up by a number of producers and made into a project . 
  her first album ( and videos ) were hits on impact , only fueld by the internet , like every other modern artist . 
  she was n't discovered on it and that was n't what made her big . 
  the massive views she get are just a sign of our times - it 's easier to listen to a song on youtube , and she is currently the most popular performer on earth . 
  because number scores as a review metric is wrong . 
  i review stuff professionally , both tech and music , and that 's a huge moral problem for me . 
  what 's the difference between a 72 % or 75 % album ? 
  or a 7.5 and 8.0 laptop ? 
  ok , maybe a laptop could be rated like that , but a piece of music , or a game ? 
  very hard . 
  unless they work with affiliates . 
  in my opinion not even a 1-5 scale is fair or smart . 
  that 's why i always ignore scores when reading reviews and just read the damn thing . 
  there 's a reason there is a whole text there , not just a score . 
  in my own reviews i try to be fair and objective , but for the last 5-6 years of doing this i was never convinced that it was the best solution .
