  maybe there 's something to it , but i remember seeing fight club for the first time . 
  i was confused and did n't know what to think . 
  only later did it become my favorite movie . 
  i can say the same thing with details i noticed only later , jokes i got when i grew older , things that made more sense after the first time . 
  it 's a shame . 
  not if we 're in a bubble . 
  banning youtube would be more productive , but probably impossible to maintain because even that 1 % of youtube links that are n't just regular songs are very useful to the subreddit . 
  sounds like a song green day would write . 
  ( big h\u00fcsker d\u00fc fan , but i only now noticed it ), 
  serbia is n't exactly third world . 
  i spent many nights in an air raid shelter , fearing serbian bombs , but they are n't third world by a longshot . 
  please tell me you meant austria , not australia . 
  you can see the former east germany border . 
  it was a ( not so good ) joke . 
  some comments saying that they have n't heard about the book are confusing to me , since i grew up thinking everyone knows about it . 
  it 's one of the rare books i can say that are universally known with my friends , parents , relatives . 
  must not be very famous outside europe . 
  mr cheney ? 
  i always saw crank as gta : the movie . 
  i could agree with a big part of your comment , but ... 
   where rape jokes are considered funny, 
  the only time a joke is inappropriate is if the context is in bad taste . 
  joking about 9/11 in presence of survivors , joking about abortion in from of someone who had it . 
  i wo n't say that jokes because i 'm polite , but if the context is fine , i 'll laugh to a holocaust joke , a rape joke , a pedo joke ... 
  humor can only be auto-censored by common decency in certain moments , but censoring a whole genre of jokes outright is insane . 
  the title is n't correct . 
  zagreb is the city where dinamo ( the club real madrid was playing ) is based , and a part of its name , but only `` zagreb '' is another club . 
  it would be like writing dinamo zagreb - madrid . 
  incorrect . 
  after the game he said , and i quote :, 
  `` they are jealous because i 'm rich , beautiful and a fantastic player '' . 
  i 'm sorry about his ankle , but as a person i do n't feel anything good for him . 
   like fiery machine gun bats from hell . 
  but would he do anything for love ? 
  his contract got revoked . 
  i 'm ron burgundy ? 
  could you expand on the figure in southeastern europe ? 
  [ r/worldevents ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/worldevents ) would be kind of an alternative . 
  because you 're so prone to suing ? 
  a company i sometimes work for would like to sell books , cd 's and other music related stuff . 
  we have huge taxes and customs to import them and then a small market to sell them at a huge price if w want to make any profit . 
  once in the eu we could buy them cheap and easy and sell on a very larger market . 
  a corporation of 3 people . 
   stop using alcohol as an escape . 
  wow , hold your horses woman . 
  hey jim , why do n't you make a small website and put those comics there , maybe capitalize on the fact that you 're funny and reddit seems to like you ? 
  nobody would mind a simple website with a google adsense ad somewhere , you deserve to earn something on your work . 
  i 'm not complaining and think it 's awesome that he 's giving it for free to us . 
  i did n't know who he is so i 'm sorry about that , just wanted to get the message across that it is n't a crime to make money . 
  as a user since 2003 :, 
  - mouse gestures , the only way to surf the web, 
  - integrated torrent and irc client ( mail too , but i do n't use it ), 
  - integrated notes , with syncing between devices, 
  - great customization, 
  - built in content blocking, 
  - plugins and widgets, 
  - respecting standards and speed, 
  maybe for americans , we europeans are well aware . 
  it will take decades until the average person knows that i live in croatia , not war torn yugoslavia . 
  stan was awesome . 
  best thing eminem did , in my humble opinion . 
  [ long version , fucking censored ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gomhn-hfmty ), 
  feel free to link to it , i 'd love to hear . 
   shall i continue ? 
  please do . 
  when you 're done , out of your list name the countries that look at themselves as leaders of the democratic world and human rights champions . 
  ca n't really help since i 'm thousands of kilometers away , but i love your band name . 
  what is the incentive for a private company to make one ? 
  yup . 
  as a croat i heard a lot of that . 
  do n't sit out in the cold or your ovaries/testicles will get sick . 
  not that hard to trust though . 
  i always carry it with myself . 
  the photocopy is just in case i lose it . 
  if you need to show some id , i doubt anyone would accept a copy . 
  how about a screenshot for those of us that a ) did n't get the new look yet or b ) do n't use facebook . 
  so what ? 
  simple ca n't be a substitution for fair . 
  it may be easier to understand , but how can it be fair if a party can win without most of the votes ? 
  how can it be fair if it makes it almost impossible to have more than two parties dominating ? 
  i saw the ticker about a month ago , but it was there only for a day . 
  if they feel it 's for the best then ok . 
  the only thing i 'm sorry about is not seeing them live , although they were in town five years ago . 
  not a book , but i can recommend death of yugoslavia , an excellent documentary . 
  it 's on youtube and has an impressive list of guests , most of them now dead or in prison . 
  i once promised someone on reddit that i would list my gripes with it , but ( as a croat ) i can agree with most of it . 
  possibly a bigger image of this ? 
  just the logo ? 
  concerning data retention : what is stored ? 
  only the information about the message or call , or the contents ? 
  because where i live things stored are :, 
  - ip address, 
  - location, 
  - source, 
  - time and length, 
  the contents of the message is n't stored . 
  fuck my ass , this is done very well . 
  one of the basis of the eu is abolishing capital punishment . 
  a state ca n't even join the council of europe if it uses capital punishment , one of the reasons belarus is the only european country not a member . 
  you can see by yourself .
