  saw this on reddit yesterday !, 
  george costanza . 
  noel is what i imagine an average joe would act when they write a 10/10 album and fucking wonderwall . 
  kanye is being a dick . 
  redpill is leaking . 
  interesting thought . 
  i was knee deep in journalism for some time and every publication asked for articles with a certain amount of characters , not words . 
  in croatia the government responded to the church backed referendum limiting marriage with extending gay rights to everything except adoption . 
  registered partnership , de-facto adoption in case of step-fathers and single people , anti-discrimination laws ... 
  the next step could be marriage but croatia is conservative and the catholic church has a lot of influence in politics . 
  we went from throwing molotov cocktails on gay people to holding a huge pride parade without any incidents in 10 years . 
  it could be way better but considering everything , it 's a lot to expect . 
   i just want a 1:1 carbon copy of it in 3d like coh . 
  while i like 3d rts ' i 'd like it to stay true to aoe ii and allow us to have a wider view of the map and see more units on the screen . 
  coh did n't have massive battles and it 's more tactical and feels a bit rpg-y because of it . 
  i like seeing huge battles and hundreds of units on the screen like in rise of nations . 
  google dayton agreement . 
  it 's funny , i came to this subreddit after watching the first episode to see what people are saying and this is the post i end up finding . 
  i used to review things for a living and always hated giving any kind of scores . 
  assigning a numerical value to a piece of entertainment/art is n't fair and can never express the right feelings . 
  i could n't give the oa more than 6 or 7 because i know that most people wo n't actually enjoy it , but boy , i 'm sucked in . 
  it really is the most interesting tv show i 've seen recently . 
   does your instances get public ip addresses and you have an igw attached or do you have a nat gateway or are you trying to utilize your internet connection at your office ? 
  my instances have a public ip , but since the vpn got setup i can only get local access - 10.0.10.14 and 10.0.0.166 . 
  they 're setup using what i think is a normal vpn connection - customer gw , virtual private gw and a vpn . 
  the route table for the subnets ( since they are two availability zones ) has 10.0.0.0 / 16 with target local and 0.0.0.0 / 0 with target ifw . 
  basically , i can only connect to my office from both instances , not the internet . 
  i 'm guessing that i need a nat to get internet access , but i 'm honestly not sure how to set it up in this case . 
  edit : security groups are setup . 
  [ this one ] ( http://imgur.com/t4dc86f ) is associated with both local subnets :, 
  it 's the only one in route tables . 
  yeah sorry , it is a private local ip for our office . 
  but again , that part is working fine . 
  internet access is out . 
  thanks for your help . 
  ko je to ? 
  izjave za doma\u0107u uporabu , nothing to see here , move on . 
  oh man you 'll enjoy seeing phil as a nazi then . 
  he 's been in a few key and peele skits . 
  go back to facebook . 
  holy shit , i 'm blind . 
  i 'll keep the post as a reminder of my stupidity . 
  some parts of croatia as well . 
  [ somewhere ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:me%c4%91imurski_fa%c5%a1njak_2015._-_svetomartinski_krampus.jpg ) it 's similar to austria where they dress up , but in most of the north/central part of the country it 's just a legend . 
  his sister and mother were n't exactly the worst people in the show , but janice and livia were despicable and more hated than professional murdereds . 
  but hey , they 're family right . 
  really ? 
  because both were written to be unsympathetic and awful , something like aj . 
  livia was even voted as one of the greatest villains on tv by the rolling stone magazine . 
  excellent job . 
  i 'm doing something similar with a psone . 
  how did you manage power for the raspberry ? 
  thanks . 
  17 dollars is a bit steep though . 
  doing the same thing for deezer/youtube . 
  `` the frisbee ... is a flat circle '', 
  no point lying that it 's a pretty sight . 
  npr . 
  bought amazon prime video for this , but it 's not yet available in croatia . 
  pretty good , it 's very walkable and the locals use bikes and mopeds . 
  there are also trams and a subway . 
  then again i just visited the place a few times , maybe it 's bad for the locals . 
  i think conan even said that this is his favorite remote . 
  fuck yeah , early hladno pivo . 
  parni valjak se raspada , hdz se europejizira i sad bas stvarno vise nece krasti , hl3 confirmed . 
  ok , moj bed . 
   like even some do suggest that croatia could split into two parts if it was n't for the eu . 
  any details on this ? 
  as a croat i can tell you it 's very much not true . 
  croatia has no space program or agency . 
  it 's really not like that and there 's no active movement for any kind of secession . 
  istria would like more autonomy but that 's in the context of a bad local government system currently setup . 
  imas ankete , analize , nesto ? 
  ali, 
  at least you always have material for small talk . 
  i actually fell asleep on their concert . 
  carrefour ili tesco . 
  nokia 6500 , it was very slick and cool back in the day . 
  a brutal series, 
   why ca n't you just cname a proper domain name to the elb dns name wherever you manage your public dns ? 
  i do n't have a domain name , unfortunately for legacy reasons the only connection to my clients is an elastic ip address . 
   what is it your clients re trying to achieve in having the elb ? 
  high availability , which i currently do n't have . 
   you should cname the elb dns , or arguably better , migrate over to route53 and use an amazon alias record to point to the elb . 
  i do n't have a domain , only the ip . 
  the only dns i have is the elb domain , and i 'm not sure how to attach an ip to that over route 53 without another domain . 
  unfortunately that 's not an option , the ip is hardcoded and i ca n't do anything to change it . 
  if i could , trust me i would . 
  yeah , i 'm thinking about using haproxy , but it means forgetting about high availability . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/man_bites_dog_ ( journalism ), 
  incorrect there on yugoslavia . 
  the us recognized slovenia and croatia in 1992 and the first combat operations were in 1994 . 
  slovenia , and macedonia were n't bombed . 
  serbia and montenegro were bombed in 1999 . 
  serbian forces in bosnia were bombed in 1994 and 1995 with a single instance of bombs being dropped on a serbian held airfield in croatia , in udbina . 
   ajmo downvoteovi, 
  nema problema . 
  as a dirty foreigner , this is the number one thing that i hate most about americans . 
  the completely formalized way of an informal greeting . 
  it 's like a five second social bullshit dance you * need * to make before doing any conversation , in any situation .
