   publicly pledge your allegiance to the united states , and the constitution which you now ask to defend your life and liberties . 
  this kind of shit makes people hate america . 
  the site looks like a cheap version of adequacy.org , most popular for this : http://www.adequacy.org/stories/2001.12.2.42056.2147.html, 
  i do n't think he does , but i was pointing out that the stance he has is more powerful than 10 normal americans . 
  that kind of negativity leaves a mark . 
  i doubt anybody would remember it so well . 
  one of those things you did n't do right if you know what happened around you . 
  even he 's disapponted by your music choices . 
  ummm ... you have a google group for a group of people on another website ? 
  is n't that what subreddits are for ? 
  michael bloomberg , mayor of new york and former republican , made the best statement over the whole controvery and put far more liberal politicians to shame . 
  wow ... digg must be good after all . 
  from a customer perspective - i do n't care . 
  i 'm paying a single price that 's on the bill , without any arbitrary bullshit . 
  from a waiter perspective - i do n't care . 
  i want the fixed income i deserve without depending on people being nice or douches . 
  - a european, 
  yeah . 
  just say phuket and go to thailand . 
  yes !, 
  let 's make subreddits for every piece of news that 's important for more than two days , that will be highly practical for everybody !, 
  shit man , we did have hard times but croatia is n't a third world country . 
  we are members of nato , we 're entering the eu in a year or two and and have a gdp per capita higher than hungary , latvia , poland , south africa and 140 other countries in the world . 
  newsweek put us as the 28th best country in the world to live in . 
  we have our fair share of problems but please , not everything outside the us and eu is shit . 
  exactly . 
  throwing unwanted pets in the river is the way people do it in rural areas where they do n't have methods to a more humane way of doing it , do n't have the money for it or just do n't know any other way . 
  the problem here is that she 's enjoying it , filming it and having fun . 
  that 's the saddest part for me . 
  yes . 
  only 53 % of us use internet on a daily basis , the same amount as poland and italy ... those third world shitholes . 
  i actually think we 'd be better off with reddit overlords . 
  reddit has its trends and this kind of front page rape is just a temporary thing which will cool down . 
  you think this digg thing will be news in two weeks ? 
  no way . 
   someone said croatia - which is a war-ravaged country . 
  frankly , those dogs were probably done a favor rather than starving to death , freezing to death , being eaten , or getting blown up by stray serbian landmines . 
  i. . . what ... 
  i 'm finding it hard to express my feelings over a person that can make a sane and fact based comment about eutanising pets and then say something like the sentences i quoted . 
  croatia is a member of nato and will soon be a member of the eu . 
  our [ gdp per capita ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_ ( nominal ) _ per_capita ) is similar to that of hungary or poland . 
  we have a high hdi index , a high freedom house index . 
  [ newsweek ] ( http://www.newsweek.com/2010/08/15/interactive-infographic-of-the-worlds-best-countries.html ) said croatia is the 28th best country in the world and on the education index put us three places in front of the us . 
  croatia is one of the most popular tourist destinations in the world , and now someone on reddit of all places tells me that people here eat dogs ? 
  we have our fair share of problems and i 'm generaly not proud of my country , but fuck me if you think you can pass as an educated person . 
  i spent a lot of my childhood in a shelter , but that does n't mean we live in the past . 
  the accent makes me think it 's bosnia and herzegovina , not croatia . 
  and, 
  weeeee !, 
  rural everywhere . 
  this is the preferred method of dealing with unwanted animals in every place that does n't have a pet shelter . 
  what gets me is that she 's enjoying herself . 
  yes , in comment threads about unrelated things . 
  no subreddit is going to change that . 
  my a1200 is crying right now . 
  hm , i had this when i was a kid , but without the iced tea . 
  only biscuits and nutella . 
  mind you , that 's a step better than humans so it 's not like we 're some animals . 
   it may be a popular vacation destination now but it has n't always been that way . 
  it was actually . 
  croatia got their pre-war levels just a couple of years ago . 
  but i get your point . 
  it happens in every country where there is no animal shelter 20 miles around . 
  not only now , but for hundreds of years and is considered the normal way to get rid of an unwanted animal in rural areas . 
  savage ... maybe . 
  degenerate ? 
  people who enjoy it - yes , but in general i ca n't think of a better way in such an environment . 
  you do n't know . 
  expensive and educated judges , juries and whole systems have been wrong and put people to death , but you think * you * are right ? 
  let the legal system do its thing . 
  report it and leave it alone , harassing her and posting info does n't do anything except making the hivemind think they did something good for the day . 
  also , you have no idea what the context of that video is and if the thing she did is considered normal ( which , in every rural area without an animal shelter it is ) . 
  what i have a problem with is her enjoying it and someone filming it . 
  if anyone cares , this has become national news in her country and she will suffer the consequences . 
  i saw the same thing in an old alan ford comic . 
  identical even . 
  interesting post and a nice story . 
  but ... 
   would i like animal collective or opeth or immortal technique if it was n't for the way they treated me and the way i reacted ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  my family endorsed me and gave me a chance to like whatever i want . 
  they would n't be happy about me being a `` punk '' , but nothing more than a tease now and then . 
  while your parent threw out rhcp , my family road trips were impossible without blood sugar sex magik . 
  what you are today is a result of you growing up normally despite your parents , not because of what they were like to you . 
   in effect the clinton administration had been carpet bombing iraq for a decade or so, 
  it was n't really carpet bombing , mostly enforcing no-fly zones . 
  the only destruction was a couple of air battles and sam sites . 
  the population suffered because of the sanctions , not bombing . 
  gosh , someone page noveltyaccountpolice already . 
  i get your point , but i have no idea how a person in a rural place , with no access or money to do it the modern humane way would do it . 
  i 'm not sure . 
  one of the methods animal shelters use is a room where they put the animal and then suck the air out . 
  does n't sound too different from drowning . 
  opera does n't have anybody backing it , they are on their own . 
  the browser itself is very * very * configurable and powerful . 
  opera is still smaller in size than firefox yet packs a torrent , e-mail , irc client and in newer versions a whole server ( unite ) . 
  many people say they miss firefox style extensions , but opera has a shitload of features in a basic install , without playing with plugins or scripts . 
  ha , this is interesting . 
  having finished rendition this morning i have no more good political/spy movies to watch . 
  i ravaged through the [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/category:american_political_thriller_films ) category with a couple of foreign movies and i 'm all out .
