  why not make up an extreme federation where they would only share a military , foreign policy and finances ( and only limited ) ? 
  interesting . 
  then again slovenia is in the eu , so maybe that has something to do with it . 
  the w was often mentioned to seperate him from h.w. 
  bush . 
  kill janet reno ... 
  i 'll think about the rest . 
  had free tickets to their concert , did n't go . 
  please downvote me . 
  i 'm not an american and probably everyone i know knows who `` dubya '' is . 
  look at the highest upvoted comment in that thread , the one that debunks the story . 
  that makes reddit worth my time . 
  how do you people feel about his job as a governer ? 
  i 'm not from the us so what i mostly hear is a bunch of jokes about his acting career . 
  aside from the current crisis in california , is he doing a good job ? 
  i heard he 's quite liberal in some ways . 
  that makes sense . 
  is this ... a joke ? 
  i 'm not sure whether to rage or laugh . 
  it would be interesting , but we 've got an interesting situation as it is . 
  in a couple of hours the first comment will be rated higher than the submission , which is sort of a win for common sense , because a lost of people do n't even look at the comments . 
  does n't the us have some kind of laws protecting users of this ? 
  i mean ... we did agree to it , but then again , i talked to the manager for a national iptv that said there is no way in hell they could mine data from users . 
  not only laws , but oversight committees , watchdogs and private organizations would be all over them . 
  then again , i 'm not from the us ... 
  so called book-goatse . 
  thank htc , they were the first to bundle chargers like that one . 
  messages sent last month : less than 50 . 
  messages sent when i was n't single : more than 450 . 
  he was n't the main character , but hitler in [ der untergang ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/der_untergang ) . 
  published hundreds of articles in national magazines . 
  maintain a couple of websites . 
  had a brief encounter with the law while protesting a telecom monopoly , got sued by a large company . 
  leaked info to a couple of gadget blogs which a lot of people read about . 
  you know it 's a great movie when you feel bad for the guy for a second , while being objective all of the time . 
  croatia has a far larger percentage of religious people than the us ( roman catholics at that ) and had atheist and agnostic pm 's and presidents . 
  and we are considered a conservative country , so i guess you americans have hope yet . 
   are n't all eu members subject to the power of the eu itself ? 
  they are still sovereign countries and transfer only a minimum of power to the eu . 
  not to mention that every country is free to exit the eu , like some territories already did . 
   the primary difference between the eu and the us at this point seems to be that the eu is newer . 
  give them a hundred years and see how seriously they take state sovereignty . 
  it 's not nearly as simple as that . 
  the eu ca n't even decide on a single foreign policy at the moment , not to mention that there are more than 20 official languages and 27 countries present , each with their own agenda and long history of independence . 
  how many us states had their own language , history and independece for centuries before they joined the union ? 
  did n't think so . 
  look at it this way . 
  someone who knows how to copy it could do the same thing over torrents or usenet or whatever . 
  and people who do n't know or do n't want to do it will buy it to listen on their phones or players . 
  so really , he loses just a small percentage of people who listen to music exclusivly over grooveshark on their pc and folks who know how to download it . 
  of course , it 's still piracy , not defending it . 
   states were sovereign ( and still technically are ) . 
  states could ( in theory ) leave the union . 
  their rights are getting smaller by the year , and leaving the union really is just theoretical . 
   switzerland has multiple languages too , and seems to be holding together just fine . 
  that 's just one ( very specific and unique ) country , i 'm not sure it could be compared to the very * very * complicated state of the eu and the countries in it . 
   let 's also not forget that texas was its own country before it became a state . 
  again , that 's just one country , out of 50 states , 2 % , while in europe that 's 100 % . 
   give it time , and the eu will be regarded as a single nation . 
  i 'm gon na have to say that 's not going to happen in the next 200 or more years . 
  i 'd say never , but hey , never say never . 
  there is too much nationalism and pride in europe that go hundreds , if not thousands of years back and ca n't be reverted in a mere century . 
  if anything , the eu will lose central power over time , after it reaches its height , and i say this as a big supporter . 
  but not even the biggest eu supporter would vote for a single european nation . 
  europe simply is n't configured for something like that , and i ca n't see the magnitude an event should have to be to bring approx . 
  50 countries under a single government . 
  is that a name of a facebook fan page ? 
  move out of new york . 
   i was watching the debill get passed, 
  fun fact , `` debil '' means something like retard or idiot in croatian and serbian . 
  us redditors are always saying how the government should force metric use , but they are still using imperial themselves . 
  i dislike most of both . 
  at least the mainstream parts , although i 'll admit there is a lot of good country and good rap , it 's just hidden beneath the surface . 
  nope , he was very far from the main character there and the movie was n't even near his perspective on things . 
  he was evil there and that 's that . 
  aw you little porch monkey !, 
  thanks , 
  - prodigy . 
  the rain was just over and everything way muddy . 
  the audience was more rock than electro and the atmosphere was just great . 
  had a small encounter with someone looking like techno viking . 
  - the thermals . 
  a small band in a small venue , but put up an awesome show . 
  - queens of the stone age had a great show , but i would like some more energy . 
  i feel ashamed of my vinyls because of hipsters . 
  toby keith ? 
  50 cent ? 
  despite being 9th in the world , croatia wo n't be going . 
  the 6th panel is funny . 
  in south park canadians have their faces split at the mouth , and here the american rage guy is split . 
  in the movie godzilla , when the french intelligence guys pretend to be american soldiers , they all chew bubblegum . 
  it makes them look more american . 
  i had vinyl on tape . 
  despite what wikipedia says , the us had troops fighting , the chinese had soldiers on the ground and ussr provided jet airplanes and pilots . 
  that 's no proxy there . 
  just because the war did n't spread to china or the soviet union does n't mean it was n't a conflict against them . 
  my mom calls ie just internet , although she knows what internet is , but `` it 's shorter this way '' . 
  if by shameful you mean with great honour , then i agree . 
  two questions . 
  - can i get a short version of the sides here ?
