  it truly is dangerous . 
  look , i too think that it is foolish to think that the people who survived auschwitz will not do the same to others . 
  people who survived auschwitz are not necessarily good people . 
  they are destroyed , broken people , and what they lack most is trust in human beings . 
  my mother , for example , does n't trust anyone . 
  to survive the holocaust means not only surviving that horrific death machine . 
  it also means surviving the greatest humiliation one can suffer . 
  they were ciphers . 
  they were stripped of their human image , deliberately . 
  how do you survive that ? 
  how do you return to life after being deprived of your sense of self-worth ? 
  that is so difficult to rehabilitate . 
  few succeed . 
  they live in constant fear , in a never-ending nightmare of fear and mistrust . 
  and when that is used for political purposes , it is simply disgusting . 
  i really think that israel , at the official level , of course , is not handling properly the preservation and cultivation of the memory of the holocaust . 
  knowledge is not a problem . 
  all the information is available on the internet . 
  what 's missing is empathy : not for the dead but for those who are alive today . 
  instead of empathy , more fear is generated . 
  how do you think your family story , with your father 's suicide , affected your approach to life ? 
  in one meaningful way : by imbuing me with a strong consciousness of society 's fragility . 
  i am constantly aware that human society is always in danger of disappearing or falling apart or becoming cruel , and that a serious effort must be made to maintain a tolerant , open society . 
  many swedes were born with a sense of security -- this year sweden celebrates 200 years without wars . 
  but i feel different . 
  i do not feel secure , i feel that everything is fragile , temporary , poised on the brink . 
  your father tried to rebuild his life in a new residential quarter where no other holocaust survivors lived . 
  but when he wanted to leave his job , his mental incapacitation was not recognized . 
  the doctor who examined him declared that he was suffering from `` reparations neurosis , '' meaning a desire to collect compensation . 
  i was appalled when i found out about that . 
  it was one of the most difficult things i encountered . 
  in the initial stages , the allies forced the germans to pay reparations . 
  the germans did n't think it was right , and the conditions for getting them -- which changed later -- were very tough . 
  you had to prove bodily damage . 
  my father looked very healthy . 
  no one could have known that his mind and soul were crushed . 
  people did n't talk about that . 
  he himself did not want others to know . 
  he had severe nightmares and he suffered from depression , but this was not considered mental damage . 
  he was found to be not really sick ; he was considered to have recovered from auschwitz . 
  i think that what he really wanted was recognition , not money . 
  he wanted people to grasp what he 'd been through , to listen to his story . 
  but the doctors said he was fine , he was exaggerating , all he wants is money . 
  that is so cruel . 
  what did you try to give your children that you did not get ? 
  nothing . 
  i gave them love , just as i received . 
  how did they respond when they found out about the family story ? 
  it was of course very emotionally charged for them . 
  they said that now they could understand many things about me . 
  like what ? 
  the combination of impatience , a successful career and insecurity . 
  is that you in a nutshell ? 
  yes . 
  it may be very jewish , but i have never had self-confidence . 
  maybe it has to do with this skepticism , the awareness of fragility that we talked about earlier . 
  i envy people who were born into security . 
  do you love life ? 
  i do n't want to die . 
  but i have had such periods -- not now , fortunately . 
  still , i think that at age 65 , i have to be ready for the downward slope . 
  i think the book has been very therapeutic for you , in the sense that one can feel your tremendous empathy for your father . 
  i have always had that . 
  were n't you angry at his choice to end his life ? 
  no , i loved him very much . 
  i understood that he was sick , and even when i understood how he died , i was not angry . 
  i did not feel abandoned or neglected . 
  my way to cope was simply to place my father and my childhood in a protective bubble and get on with my life , and he remained there , in that bubble , in my memory , as a very loving person . 
  when i opened the bubble , i was very much afraid that i would find a different person there , but that did n't happen . 
  now , after i have followed his footsteps and written the book , he is truly a whole person for me , not only a memory trapped in a bubble . 
  in a way , i have brought him back to life , which is what i wanted to do . 
  to go back in time and see him through the eyes of the child i was . 
  in your view , how should one write about the holocaust ? 
  my conclusion in the wake of the book is that when you write about the holocaust , even about things that are supposedly well known , like auschwitz , you have to shock the reader . 
  you can not leave him in a place where he says , `` yes , that happened and it really was terrible . '' he has to experience a shock , to catch his breath . 
  he has to understand that it happened in a society which was not very different from the society that exists now , in a country that is not far from his place of residence , and was perpetrated by people who are more or less like us . 
  and that it is not something you can ever turn away from . 
  our role , as a society , is to preserve this insight , as a tool , as a warning light . 
  we are all of us , always , on the road from auschwitz . 
  and always will be . 
  i do n't drive and live in a heavily pedestrian city . 
  like most people here i have no love for cars , but i feel like i 'm missing out on something ... you guys are suggesting people can be free to pass any street or a red light without punishment ? 
  traffic is composed by more than just personal automobiles and scrapping jaywalking would open up the chance for dumb people to disrupt traffic at their own will . 
  i do n't really trust the judgement of most people , that 's why we have crosswalks and pedestrian signals . 
  maybe i 'm thinking differently since in my town crossings are really dense and this is n't really an issue , but i 'm just visualizing a stream of traffic on a busy road in a not-really-pedestrian part of town getting interrupted every five seconds by people who think they do n't need to be careful on the road . 
  [ related ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tyot6ni1lpi ), 
  obama has a good relationship with hollywood , the fact that this is public is just good pr . 
  fun fact !, 
  you seriously had \u010devap\u010di\u0107i in your epa ? 
  that 's awesome . 
   edit : forgot to mention zagreb in the `` must do '' list . 
  we were thinking of spending about 2-3 days there , is that enough to actually do something ? 
  zagreb is mostly empty during the time you 'll be here , although that trend is changing . 
  a day or two would be enough to hit all the relevant museums , streets , squares and clubs . 
  ja begam u minken ako do toga do\u0111e . 
  to je malo pa ni\u0161 , hrpetina ljudi daje svoje brojeve gmailu i facebooku za password reset ili neku autentikaciju . 
  an insider from the department of homeland security gave a statement to a radio station . 
  what he said next will shock you . 
  the creator said that it 's a marriage show and the spy stuff is just a packaging . 
  all of the people here do n't think you have a webhosting account .
