  he has an opinion that the ama was shit and tried to pull in facts to support it , but they are n't on his side . 
  how do we draw districts to banish jews from congress ? 
  they hold 7,3 % of seats and 1.7 % of the population . 
  how about mormons , episcopalians , presbyterians or catholics ? 
  all of them hold more seats in the house than the general population represents . 
  this is n't going directly to you , but people trying to tie demographic groups into neat districts . 
  i never got an answer why australia and not canada . 
  you have it , but i have a mid end smartphone , no keyboard and no tablet . 
  i 'm not thinking about buying ouya , but i can see that some people would like a cheap and small console that does n't bring the hassle of owning an xbox or ps3 . 
  sorta . 
  i did n't use the right word , but ( according to the company that makes them ) ouya would be very simple to use . 
  the games would be cheap or free and mostly made for mobile which means simple and an abundance of easy puzzles , logic games and the like . 
  both xbox and ps3 have hundreds of functions and big aaa titles . 
  ouya would be just this quiet , cheap box you can put anywhere and pick up just to play a game for a couple of minutes . 
  like a phone , but connected to a tv . 
  i 'm not a big supporter of it , but i 'd buy it if the ecosystem became big enough , not to mention the modding potential . 
  cheap console now , htpc server in a year . 
  when you count in the controllers , cables and os , it beats raspberry pi . 
  again , i 'm not a big supporter of ouya , but i see why people are . 
  one way of doing it is buying all of those cables and a controller . 
  the other way is buying a console which is always by my tv , has a controller and an ecosystem of games . 
  i can mod it and use it as a htpc with a connected hard drive and just generally fuck around with it . 
  emulators are just one of its uses . 
   the russian kgb secret service made detailed 1:10,000 maps of most urban areas of the uk , but did not bother to make a map of slough or reading, 
  - everything is gray, 
  - no government, 
  - good chocolate and beer, 
  - lousy weather, 
  digg v4 was the worst thing that happened to both reddit and digg . 
  muslims are n't a problem per se , albania , kosovo and bosnia have a lot of muslims and are considered future eu members . 
  is that before or after he [ quit his job at best buy ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a8/salesperson_at_best_buy_demonstrating_apple_ipad.jpg ) ? 
   it is an endorsement of the site and their business from kotaku and its writers . 
  or just a source they got info from ? 
  i think there was a flisa ( spelling ? ), 
  credit card in gta iv , or san andreas . 
  people say `` best '' but i 'm fairly certain nobody thinks beatles or queen are good because of their technical skills . 
  people just like the end result - how it sounds . 
  your argument discredits whole scenes like punk which is n't based on technical knowledge . 
  better known as / r/clarksdesertboots, 
  ah , the subreddit without purpose . 
  i 'm openly plugging for / r/letstalkmusic which is about just that - talking about music , not posting well known songs for karma . 
  did you miss the point on purpose ? 
  the picture is just an example , the theorem is just an example of the trove of bullshit we learn in school . 
  the things above it are just examples of the things not learned . 
   finding the few smart kids at your school is far more important than preparing the duds for their lackluster existence working as a bag boy at the local walmart . 
  i have a habit of never insulting people on reddit and in most cases i downvote people who do it to others , but i 'll be open with the `` fuck you '' that coming to you . 
  i was expelled from numerous schools and constantly bounced around because teachers put me in the `` bag boy '' category since i was a kid . 
  when i was around 12 years old my teacher said to me that i should learn to hold a broom as fast as possible , because i 'll never amount to anything more than a garbage collector . 
  ten years later i 'm an accomplished journalist , it admin and make websites in my free time . 
  i 'm about to start my own company . 
  i still suck at math . 
   my point was that the `` trove of bullshit we learn in school '' is `` trove bullshit '' but something that people like you did n't understand . 
  of course . 
  knowledge is n't bullshit , but it is in context and you said it yourself , screw bag boys , the few smart kids are who matter . 
  how about giving everyone a good education ? 
  you do n't have to believe me , it 's not that i 'm important here . 
  i 'm the example i talked about - there are people like me even if i 'm full of shit ( which i 'm not , it took me a minute to get from my username to published articles , but you probably do n't speak croatian so it does n't matter to you ) . 
   i 'm hearing a lot of gamers report increases in fps . 
  i did a piece on win 8 at work . 
  any gaming upgrade is minor and in most cases gave an fps or two . 
  one has most of un , eu , oic and nato . 
  the other has russia and nicaragua . 
  skroz nevezano , prokopao sam fb profil dame i me\u0111u sisama , napumpanim usnama i white power parolama naletio sam i na ovo : http://imgur.com/aehxl, 
  prebacite jezik na hr , dizajn vam \u0161aljemo sutra , a `` huawei '' samo find and replace s `` vivax '' . 
  how is that exactly ? 
  half of redditors are americans and the rest of us are used to seeing every thread slowly descend to us comparisons . 
  because if apple did n't do it corning would burn to the ground and nobody would ever think to developer scratch resistant screen coatings . 
  ever . 
  i suspect that as well , but low bandwidth might limit their customer base from the start . 
   civ is civ . 
  aoe is aoe . 
  oprosti . 
  why ? 
  so far django has a lot better reviews than les mis . 
  89 % on rt , average 7.9 and 80 on metacritic . 
  les miserables have 70 % , 7.0 and 63 . 
  i was expecting the movie eurotrip . 
  you all can laugh at the n-gage all you want , but in 2003 that phone had multitasking , apps , mp3 and video player , multiplayer games , emulators , web browser and a lot more . 
  i loved it and still have two fully functional models in my desk . 
  i also forgot to say that talking sideways gives me half the cancer !, 
  i got ptsd from this . 
  [ the san marco programme was an italian satellite launch programme conducted between the early 1960s and the late 1980s . 
  the project resulted in the launch of the first italian-built satellite ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/san_marco_programme ) . 
  essentially , it 's a platform on the coast of africa . 
  dashboard ? 
  that 's a screenshot , not a car ... . oooohhh !, 
  your sane and eloquent comment definitively swayed me to your viewpoint . 
  the random capitalization , swearing and insulting made me think about my opinions and the years i formed them , about all the people , events and words that are like bricks to what kind of person i am . 
  but them i read your comment and said `` fuck it , this guy is right . '', 
  i do n't see it as impossible . 
  i have around 200 gb and that 's mostly mp3 , not flac . 
  i 'm sure there are a lot of songs i have n't listened to , but that 's not a big price for having everything i would like at my fingertip . 
  that 's less than 40k songs and i have 90k plays on last.fm that covers about 80 % of my music listening in the last 5 years . 
  send to kindle extension for chrome or opera . 
  probably for firefox but i do n't use it . 
  the map and the article are crap . 
  a badly reworded economist article that had a point not mentioned here . 
  [ article ] ( http://www.economist.com/news/21566430-where-be-born-2013-lottery-life ) . 
   a quarter of a century ago , when the world in 1988 light-heartedly ranked 50 countries according to where would be the best place to be born in 1988 , america indeed came top . 
  but which country will be the best for a baby born in 2013 ?
