  i 'm not downplaying any other contibution ( which would make me a chauvinist ) nor am i saying anything out of proportion , but you attacked me as if i did . 
  the reason i 'm proud is the same when i see my countries football team win . 
  i hate football , but it 's a feeling that i ca n't explain better than pride . 
  great acting crew and a fun movie , but i would n't call it best or even watch it twice . 
  it should have been called the european . 
  edit : since it used cinematography and storyline more used in european movies . 
  can someone knowledgable tell me what is wrong with theora , and why wo n't apple and microsoft support anything but h. 264 ? 
  i presume douchness ? 
  that yugoslav partisans fought four countries and internal puppet regimes . 
  they got foreign support only at the end of the war . 
  you write like christopher walken sounds . 
  reminds me of [ retarded batman ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r7rw8zvnv3y ) . 
  a trainspotting quote , but you could have fooled me . 
  there was a game that kinda spoofed james bond , it was called james pond and the main character was a fish . 
  i remember that because i spent 14 hours finishing the game in one sitting on my amiga 15 years ago . 
   in america , we think 100 years is old ; in europe , they think 100 miles is far . 
  i always remember this when i whine about having to travel 45 minutes to work on the other side of town . 
  yes , but we do n't have the need to drive far as americans have . 
  i do n't have family outside of my country , my vacationing spot is three hours away , i can go skiing four hours away ... london , paris , berlin and rome are within two hours of flight away . 
  as far as i know , that 's just a legend and slavs were n't used as slaves . 
  i love the trilogy , and when i heard that fincher is making the movie ... 
  it was a dream come true . 
  this has the potential to be the best movie ever , and i 'm not even joking . 
  no nominations for me ? 
  well i have to agree , i am kind of a douche ... 
  good call on this reddit . 
  only * some * hyperbole , since i really think fincher is one of the best living directors and think that the original material is very good . 
  of course there are a lot of other great movies and i 'm just being very excited , but this has a lot of potential . 
  i watched a lot of movies , both hollywood , foreign and old . 
  i did exaggerate a bit , but this has a lot of potential . 
  the book is held in high critical acclaim , and fincher is regarded as one of the best directors today so i do n't see why i should n't be excited . 
  i could n't get context to work . 
  i almost lost it when it worked on other posts and comments but not on this one . 
  we should , but i already hate you . 
  ( you see !, 
  it 's just getting worse ), 
  popmatters was [ pretty positive ] ( http://www.popmatters.com/pm/post/135691-gondry-gives-hornet-its-giddy-geek-fizz/ ) . 
  info on her ? 
  [ there 's a subreddit for that ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/snackexchange/ ) . 
  i 've been thinking of sending some nutella for some american candy ... 
  the government and the parliament have immunity where i live as well , but it can be easily revoked . 
  seriously , your queen is the best argument for keeping the monarchy . 
  ticketmaster sells domains now ? 
  crap . 
  itt : people who think that only touchscreen phones are smartphones . 
  that was such an awkward movie . 
  i was thinking more about the incest scene . 
  before these protests tunisia was one of the less represive african countries . 
  there were pressures on some civil liberties , political groups and such , but far less repressive than say egypt or libya . 
  not to mention instability , ben ali ruled quite safely until now . 
  it was nowhere near fierce as in the rest of the region . 
  i was n't claiming it was free , but when compared to neighbouring countries , it was higher and nowhere near `` political instability '' that op claimed . 
  i 'll just mentioned that i walked past a mosque and a cathedral in the capital city , and rarely saw women with veils . 
  the only time i saw a uniformed officer was at the airport , and i was n't the regular shut in tourist . 
  i always thought that was a woman name . 
   while awkwardly attempting to make small talk ( `` still do origami ? '' ), 
  it took me three minutes just to recover from this part . 
  context , motherfuckers . 
  shouting faggot at a gay pride parade is not the same as saying faggot in a song , ironically . 
  also , music is art and if you can tolerate a bare boob in a museum , you can tolerate a slur or curse word in a song . 
  it 's sad that we 've come to this . 
  or religion ? 
  we 're proud of this one . 
  maybe even too much . 
  so that 's what the turbonegro song was about . 
  totally offended . 
  then again we croats look down on bosnians and serbs so i guess it 's only fair . 
  i 'm going to say the same thing i said two years ago when i first saw this . 
  watching zoolander on my 4 '' screen did n't hurt my experience . 
  and i would n't watch fight club or se7en on it . 
  croatia , although this can be applied to the rest of ex yugoslavia . 
  - the war , whether wwii or the last wars . 
  who fought with the nazis , who did more crimes , who started it , who burned whose village . 
  - football and sports in general . 
  we are small countries but very proud in sports . 
  both croatia and serbia have great football , tennis , waterpolo , handball and basketball teams . 
  also the general north-south devide which is connected with football teams ( dinamo and hajduk in croatia ) . 
  - politics , left and right , connected with the first dot . 
  the right ruled through the 90s and stole whatever they could and they still have a fixed 30 % of voters , supported by a very strong church . 
  edit :, 
  - turbofolk music . 
  it 's a mix of folk , pop and disco music , with strong oriental influences , mostly from serbia . 
  i 'm not sure i can compare it to anything from the west ... it is kitchy , vulgar and often connected with shootings , drug fueled parties . 
  imagine jersey shore but slimier and uncultured . 
  the average singer is a silicon infused woman with mob connections , adorned with tons of gold and silver . 
  i saw hitchens wrote about the proper way to make a cup of tea , but i was ignoring it thinking that it was just his pet subject or something . 
  op was obviously trying to say that the us should preach abroad what it preaches at home . 
  are you not entertained ? 
  do n't tempt us lady !, 
  very interesting replies from people who do n't have a problem quoting ben franklin on any other matter , but would gladly give ten years of their lives for cash . 
  the quote i 'm talking about :, 
   they that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety . 
  kosovo declared independence ans is reconized by most of the eu , safe to say that it 's a state . 
  yes , but it is mostly sold , even serbia is softening up to the idea , but putting up a straight face for internal opposition . 
  so i guess taiwan is n't legitimate ? 
  i guess the chinese government would say so , the same way serbia and russia would say for kosovo . 
  once you have almost the whole eu , nato and the whole neighbourhood support you , it is n't going back . 
  i can think of four or five other countries that can be formed , but seriously doubt any of it . 
  after dumping gizmodo , where to go next ? 
  engadget annoys me with some stuff , but is there a better alternative ?
