  since it 's nothing too complicated , the speed is about the same as on my desktop . 
  mind you , the laptop has a newer dual core processor and 3 gb of ram . 
  enough for 90 % of stuff i do on it . 
  pi and ken park . 
  i will copy this and use when talking about my local isp . 
  it 's all correct . 
  it 's interesting that many years ago , on the same day , the british started their mandate in palestine . 
  related . 
  only if you are short sighted . 
   i will never buy another sony product . 
  i said the same thing after my ps3 ( sold and bought an xbox ) and tv . 
  since i buy shitloads of consumer electronics every year it 's been a pain in the ass to keep this rule . 
  in the end i managed it , with an exception of $ 30 in ear headphones . 
  a cookie for the first person to make this into a torrent . 
  yes . 
  they have good products , and before , they had great ones . 
  i ca n't say i would n't like a vaio laptop or a ps3 , even considering their bad sides . 
  but then i go [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sony#controversy ) and change my mind . 
  i 've got a pair of sennheisers ( full profile ) , but using my mp3 player at least 5 hours a day in 1 hour bursts makes me use them * a lot * . 
  so i just buy the cheap ones that i know are good , since i 'm sure they wo n't be around for more than two months . 
  if it 's not full hd , then fuck it . 
  no , not much principle in it . 
  while open is good in my book , it is not the first thing i look in a * gaming * console . 
  i have to confess , in the end the xbox was better , but one thing was more notable than others :, 
  - most ps3 games : $ 90, 
  - dual layer dvd : $ 2, 
  - modding my xbox : free, 
  the 360 is not even supported where i live , and i could get banned from live any day just for using it in an unsupported territory . 
  but other factores prevailed and an xbox ended up as a better solution for me . 
  i 'm 6 ' 3 '' and it 's not bad , i am taller than most people but at 6 ' 9 '' you are freaking tall , with zero chance of seeing someone taller than you 99 % of the time . 
  my height is tall , but meh . 
  [ related ] ( http://fliiby.com/file/122447/p2zr33ect9.html ) . 
  in a johnny bravo kind of way . 
  a thousand upvotes for this man !, 
  but still , in the store , walking down the street , normal day-to-day activities ... 
  such tall people are rare . 
   xbox360 is in no way better . 
  no way better ? 
  really ? 
  think about what you wrote . 
  there 's no way in hell i 'm going into a fanboy battle here , but stating that ps3 is better in every aspect is just blind fanboyism . 
   and if you care about business practices , you must loathe microsoft as much as sony , at the least . 
  microsoft is no saint , but their recent record has been miles better than sony 's . 
  and as i pointed in the part you forgot to write , choosing my console did n't have a lot of principle in it . 
  i 'm one of five people in croatia to have one . 
  my odds are worse than yours . 
  that 's a relief . 
  i thought i was the only one . 
  i have two . 
  das kapital , written by marx , printed in the 30 's . 
   i grew up in a semi-rural town , not ny or la , and in my high school of about 1000 kids , i can only think of one family that even went a church , and they were mormons . 
  i live in a country that has 87 % of roman catholics and 5,2 % of atheists or agnostics . 
  the church has a massive degree of influence , they get a part of our taxes and being an atheist is considered weird and in rural parts almost illegal . 
  that being said , i never met a person that even doubted in the theory of evolution . 
  it is normally taught in schools and the church does n't object to it ... there is zero controversies about it . 
  the whole creationism thing is a problem only in the us . 
   there are zero controversies . 
  that 's a tricky one , but do n't worry i teach english . 
  good , because it 's my second language . 
   i 'm fairly sure the roman catholic church has embraced evolution to a certain degree ? 
  my point was that even in a highly religious country it 's not an issue . 
  the correlation between creationism and religion does n't have to mean causation . 
  oh please , you grammar nazis are making such a big deal about it that you 're becoming more annoying than people with bad grammar . 
  the examples op used :, 
   `` your absolutely right '' and `` i would of '', 
  common mistakes . 
  i do n't like seeing `` your '' and `` you 're '' being interchanged like socks but if i do n't have a problem understanding what the person wanted to write in a specific context , so fucking what ? 
  deal with the fact that most people come here to relax and therefore do n't pay particular attention to correct grammar . 
  the mistakes i make are mostly accidental because i do n't use a spellchecker , do n't proof read my posts and sometimes have a lot on my mind so i screw up . 
  and then a grammar bully flips his sarcasm switch on plays smart . 
  that 's what people hate , including the op . 
  bad people , negativity and downvoting useful stuff . 
  he 's just pissed because he got downvoted , not because of bad grammar . 
  ( english is my second language and please , do n't correct my grammar errors ) . 
  my point is that deeply religious people , who stick on every religious dogma like it 's made of candy , have seperated a belief ( earth made in 7 days bla bla ) and a science fact . 
  there are hundreds of models made every year . 
  if you ca n't find one that suits you than that 's your problem , not the companies . 
  i maybe a little biased since i was in the industry and now write about it , but there is a phone for everyone . 
  the only exception being * very * needy people or users demanding the impossible . 
  well ... 
  zero . 
  i always had a pc and when it did n't work i had a cellphone with an internet connection . 
  i had situations when i did n't have the time to use my pc for a couple of days , but a good phone can really help . 
   you 're an idiot . 
  nice to see the conversation going the right way . 
   you think that native english speakers have to be given a break ? 
  these people need to learn that proper communication is vital in a world where you have fourteen forms of media before breakfast . 
  yes . 
  i have n't yet come across a comment on reddit that i had a problem reading or understanding , and again , people come here to do something they enjoy and like the atmosphere of relaxed and non-formal communication , so people who may know grammar just ignore it and shut that part of their brain off . 
  when you see `` stfu fag u r a idiot '' on reddit , then complain . 
  when you see `` omg prez is rly commie '' in the new york times , then complain . 
  but `` i would of '' ? 
  i does n't come as natural to everyone , specially if the person in question has low education or just did n't listen in school ... like me . 
  my native language has a complicated set of rules and i just get lost in it and go with the flow . 
  prove to me that it 's happening . 
  and when you see one of them , you have this great feature on the side of every post and comment , a little arrow pointing down . 
  use it . 
   we are lucky that liberal president clinton steered us clear from a war in the balkans, 
  yeah , and fdr keept you away from wwii . 
  `` but rospaya , the us intervention in wwii was a noble and just cause . '',
