  i do n't get the use of them . 
  guess which of these features will be grossly misused by the community ? 
  the french disagree . 
  actually , i do n't know of any country that uses such a libertarian system . 
  let 's not take it too far : i 'm sure the corporations had their fingers in all of it , but the government 's primary goal is to end it and gtfo . 
  no corporate interests can make people forget that soldiers and civilians are dying daily , and money is being sunk into a black hole . 
  i 'm sorry for ignoring your main point , but i would like to comment on something . 
   agnostic who enjoys christmas and easter . 
  and there is nothing wrong with that !, 
  i 'm an atheist since i was a kid and do n't have any problems enjoying the benefits of christmas and easter , two holidays that ( in my country ) get as much from local tradition as they do from religion . 
  i 'm not celebrating anything , but i enjoy the family aspect of it . 
  the same with godfathers -- it 's a church thing , but also a beautiful tradition . 
  this issue stands right next to christian themed music ( not christian , but * themed * ) which i also have no problem with . 
  nick cave , bob dylan , black sabbath , they all pulled inspiration from the bible , but did n't necessarily preach it . 
   do you have a good copy of `` red '' you can send me ? 
  i usually ignore anything below dvd rip , but a `` red '' screener i saw yesterday was solid . 
  check out : red .2010 . dvdscr.xvid { 1337x } - noir, 
   get caught stealing, 
  once , when you were five ? 
   violence is very good at solving the sorts of problems that violence causes . 
  the middle east says hello . 
  if you like the black keys , you might also like [ radio moscow ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qk7utv94ju4 ), 
  people think [ where the wild roses grow ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rxa-9mwgcxk ) by nick cave and kylie minogue is sappy and corny , but if you listen closely , nick smashes her head with a rock at the end . 
  the same thing with [ delilah ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ypjldd9qsie ) by tom jones . 
  people think they 're classic love songs , but both are brutal , trojan horses if you will . 
  `` i felt the knife in my hand and she laughed no more '' -- hah . 
  i remember your post , listening to some songs and liking you on facebook . 
  i 'm very glad you got the attention your band deserves , and really happy that you can get noticed this way . 
  good luck . 
  anyone who thinks she is n't another made-by-committee pop star with zero actual music worth is naive as hell . 
  she 's just another mindless ploy to make money , nothing more and nothing less . 
  just because she is n't glamorous does n't mean she 's genuine . 
  the last paragraph had me in tears . 
   god , i 'd rather take every member of coldplay up my ass at the same time than let this oozing vaginal syphilis goo enter my ear for even one more second . 
  it 's not that the earth does n't have enough resources , it 's that they 're not distributed fairly . 
   start respecting other traditions . 
  i 'd rather look at things through rational eyes , thank you very much . 
  which is nowhere near the definition of a smartphone , btw . 
  all misfits , all of the time . 
  i believe that the us model of free speech is wrong and headed for disaster . 
  back then i 'd be pissed about this . 
  now i even listened it to the end . 
  oh , so i guess everyone has a chance to do one illegal thing , right ? 
  i think i 'll make mine a murder ... 
   i 'm not saying i do n't agree with you ... and i 'm certainly not saying box-office numbers or award count is an absolute measure of film quality . 
  then why mention it ? 
  considering the budget and hype , both children of men and district 9 were leagues better than avatar which was made for the masses , with a gimmick feature that propelled it , while every other aspect was sub par . 
   sidebar : has anyone seen avatar in 2d ? 
  i did . 
  i ca n't see 3d in movies so that was my only choice . 
  it was impressive , but a good camera impresses me more than cgi so i ca n't comment on the visuals . 
  let 's just say i hated avatar and fell asleep during it . 
   why do all jews have some kind of weird allegiance to a country/government that 's barely a half-century old ? 
  not really all jews , but a lot of them . 
  the reason is simple actually , they had centuries of persecution that culminated with the holocaust , a planned attempt to kill the whole race . 
  then they decided they needed a place where it is safe to be a jew , a jewish state . 
  i see some sense in that , but not in the choice of location and israels politics since then . 
  the west wing had a good conversation about that , josh said that israel is still the only place for a jew to be safe , and then toby said `` what about america ? '' . 
  today that makes sense , but 50-60 years ago nobody wanted them around . 
  as a person living in the balkans ... well you can imagine . 
   likewise super skinny women are sexy . 
  i know `` me and my friends '' is n't an argument , but i do n't know anyone who likes super skinny women . 
  i prefer normal . 
  not to say that `` skinny '' usually means `` no tits '' . 
  you used `` super skinny '' in the first post , not fit , which is ( in my mind ) a different thing . 
  i think i saw it on tv under `` wannasee conference '' . 
  kubrick 's [ paths of glory ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/paths_of_glory ), 
  maybe an rss feed from some review site ? 
  most of them have `` new releases '' sections . 
  some rubbing was done , i can tell you that ... 
  ( i am a horrible person ), 
  probably influence from their parent and history . 
  nobody in their right mind would think that something on the scale of the holocaust would happen in countries where most jews live ( us , canada , france , uk ... ) , but are still wary about history and the `` never again '' mentality . 
  the whole issue is confusing since jews are kinda specific in being a race , religion and nationality in the same time . 
  in essence : i do n't know . 
  my country has about 500 jews living here so i have n't had a chance to ask . 
  it rubs the lotion on its skin , or else it gets the hose again . 
  well , except avatar . 
  even i could write that crap . 
  yesterday was one year since i saw it with my ex . 
  first date was inglourious basterds , the second one 500 days of summer , after which we were officially a couple . 
  a whole year later and i still ca n't make myself forget about her or watch the damn movie again . 
  does anyone know what the rules are for military ships ? 
  as long as the country of origin is n't at war with panama , they should have the right to pass , or what ? 
  i 'm anti-nationalist as a person can get , but i cried like a baby [ in 1998 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/france_1998#third_place_match ) . 
  does that mean that the quote does n't stand ? 
  you seem to forget that every conflict has two sides , and the outcome does n't make one right and the other wrong . 
  emoticons are frowned upon on reddit . 
  like this :, 
  your american bacon confuses me . 
   sarah chubb has had enough of you joggers, 
  ... who go [ round and round and round ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dpo3s7aus3i ) ... 
  back , and to the left ... back , and to the left ... back , and to the left . 
  you ca n't really compare the two . 
  north korea has high ethnic and religious homogeneity and very few weapons among the population . 
  if the army does n't start dealing ak 's to anyone with two arms and a pulse , the kind of violence we saw in iraq is n't likely . 
  north koreans are fanatical , but most have classic military training and equipment , and lack of outside funds and support for a guerilla war . 
  there would be bloodshed , but not a civil war . 
  the best case scenario is : kim jong il , his sons and most of the generals have an accident , the us could make it happen , and the chinese install a friendly puppet regime that transforms the nation in long term plan . 
  in return , us withdraws from the south and the north gets strict military inspections and quotas so that it can no longer be a massive threat .
