  and for how many years did the us not pay a dime to the un budget ? 
  how many years was it ? 
  10 years , from 1995 to 2005 . 
  a whole decade of unpaid debt . 
   no matter what the answer is, 
  yes it matters what the answer is , because you do n't have bragging rights for the un if you 're not contributing for a whole decade . 
   the us is here now , and paying a hell of a lot . 
  if the us is pleased with being a goliath superpower you could always withdraw from the un , making it de jure and not just de facto . 
  i dunno , we could calculate how much the un and its peacekeeping program suffered because of it , maybe calculate in it the aid that was n't being delivered ... 
  i guess we could even get an equation to see how many human lives were lost because of us arrogance . 
  so , no , it 's not inconsequential . 
   first of all , both the south koreans & north koreans believe korea should be one nation . 
  they do n't think north korea belongs under chinese control . 
  exactly why i wrote puppet , not annexation . 
   second of all , since ron paul will not be president , no u.s. administration will leave themselves open to a charge that they `` lost '' north korea to china and then surrendered by leaving . 
  since the other choice is war , i 'm not sure that anyone would `` lose '' in this situation . 
  the us primarily wants to neutralize the regime and their nukes - make south korea safe . 
  the military is outstreched as it is , and us forces in okinawa would be enough for that region . 
   thirdly , its not like south korea will feel any more comfortable with chinese military power at its borders than they are now : the chinese can actually afford things like fuel and ammunition . 
  actually they would . 
  china poses little or no military threat to south korea , only economic . 
  would you rather have an insane dictator threatening with nuclear weapons or a marginally unfriendly power on your doorstep ? 
  north korea is a threat to south korea , japan and the us , and a burden for china and russia . 
  nobody wants them there , and the chinese tolerate them only because they do n't want us forces on their border . 
   fourth , there is no comparable case where an entire country has said `` hey , you get to choose our army for us '' without decisive military defeat . 
  that 's why i mentioned `` an accident '' with a coup so the chinese can install somebody they can control . 
  chinese troops do n't have to patrol the streets , but they could force demilitarization in a couple of years , getting rid of strategical weapons and opening up economic cooperation with the south . 
   why would the current military leaders in the dprk just walk away when they could continue living off the state ? 
  who said walk away ? 
  they would get cosy state pensions or suffer the consequences of not obeying their commander in chief . 
  i doubt anybody is dumb enough to pass on that . 
  as others noted , their level of equipment , logistics and condition is questionable . 
  but then again it is millions of people with a weapon , the exact reason why i said that the situation must be dealt with politics and diplomacy , maybe covert force , but not a conflict . 
  if somebody could pacify the country in 5 or 10 years , open up trade , raise the standard of living ( or at least put food on the table ) nobody would want a military solution , on all sides . 
  source ? 
  great pic . 
  are you every politician ever ? 
  i can understand the dilemma , and the ultimatum , but the dutch commander took a gift from general mladic and drank rakija with him . 
  even for getting on his good side , this was way out of line . 
  but i do n't blame the dutch , there 's not much they could do without support and without forces on the ground . 
  because of srebrenica i 'm a big supporter of humanitarian intervention , and resent bush jr. to hell because he misused the term for invading iraq . 
  saving civilian lives and just plain old conquest are two different things . 
  it 's complicated . 
  like , very complicated . 
  you could get people from every side in one room and get 20 plausible and possible scenarios , and 20 versions of history and the thing is most of them would be right in some way . 
  the good vs. bad has n't been erased and there 's not much dilemma who the guilty party is , but all sides did their fair share of violence , crimes and lies . 
   bosnia was pretty f 'n righteous , and i 'd do it again in a heartbeat . 
  i 'm i love with europe and prefer it over the us . 
  the sterotypical example of a future european citizen , a europhile even . 
  but while the ec/eu had their heads up their collective asses , trying to get a common foreign policy and fiercly trying to rub shit into their eyes and pretend the problem does n't exist , clinton ( biden was in this story as well ) did the right thing and used force and diplomacy to end the war , save lives and deliver help . 
  the balkans wo n't forget him . 
  bosniaks , albanians and croats for the help , serbia for the bombings . 
  as someone you indirectly helped , thank you for your service . 
   if you served in iraq form 2003 to 2009 , are you republican ? 
  whatever i may think of bush , he was n't a dictator in a country with a one-party system where state often equaled party . 
   during the meeting karremans was defensive and submissive , excusing himself from ever requesting air strikes against bosnian serb forces , claiming the decision was made by higher authorities based on information he provided . 
  [ ... ] after this karremans was filmed raising a glass with war crimes suspect and serb general ratko mladi\u0107 . 
   following negotiations between un and bosnian serbs , on friday , july 21st , 1995 , lieutenant-colonel karremans and dutch un soldiers were allowed to leave srebrenica . 
  on the farewell , colonel karremans accepted gifts from general mladi\u0107 , smiled , shook his hand and departed . 
  shameful behaviour for an officer . 
  remember , the killings started a week before that . 
  wikipedia article on srebrenica massacre . 
  sorry i ca n't link , i 'm on my phone . 
  shit situation , really . 
  this thread fills me with hope that there are women out there almost as romantically inept as i am . 
  we had trick or treating where i live ( croatia ) for decades , but it had nothing to do with halloween , it was tied with local traditions , carnevals and was on a whole different date . 
  in the last 5 years it just quietly transformed from a local thing to pure american-style halloween . 
  sad , really . 
   what about the rest of the world ? 
  only america gets blamed because of past budget shortages ? 
  oh yes , the last 90s were a tough time for the us . 
  it was a political decision , not a budget one . 
  as for other countries , i could n't find the data , but feel free to link to some if you find it and i 'll gladly lay part of the blame on them too . 
  the appropriate percentage of the blame , calculated from the contribution to the un budget . 
   it does n't make a difference now . 
  the un and its missions suffered because of the debt . 
  let 's say that they were planning an afghan mission that would somehow help people there , maybe do some good , but canceled because they lacked the funds . 
  i 'm going into fantasy territory here , but things like these have big consequences in the future . 
  as someone who has friends alive today because of the un , this hits close to home for me . 
  is n't transdroid just a client that needs to connect to a computer ? 
  i 'm looking for a full blown torrent client for my phone . 
  thanks . 
  saw it on [ slate ] ( http://www.slate.com/id/2273135/slideshow/2273134/fs/0//entry/2273129/ ), 
  i never saw a check in my life . 
  ok , i 've seen checkbooks , a couple of times even the big novelty checks , but i do n't know anyone who uses them . 
  with internet banking , atms and all other sorts of electronic money transfer , why do people use them ? 
  on a long enough timeline , the survival rate for everyone drops to zero . 
  not everyone lives in the us . 
  i know who dane cook is only because reddit bitches about him from time to time . 
   yes , he 's a loudmouthed , self-important drama ** queer ** . 
  you two are cute as heck !, 
  edit : ok , bad joke , i 'll admit . 
  did n't mean any harm and i really * do * think they 're cute . 
  i deserve the downvotes . 
   stewart and colbert are doing election coverage . 
  where can i watch it ? 
  i 'm not from the us . 
   also , can there be a bias when reporting who is ahead in elections or not ? 
  it 's either correct or it is n't -- not up for much interpretation . 
  you 'd be surprised .
