  since i do n't know how old you are or from what country , i do n't want to sound like a douchbag . 
  love ,, 
  i got a concrete hint from a friend ( who is in a high enough position to tell me ) that my loud mouth came to bite me in the ass . 
  i led a `` rebellion '' against a monopolistic company which used dirty tactics to crush us and their competition . 
  it all ended by me being sued for promoting totalitarian regimes ( i made a gif animation of their logo turning into a swastika ) and a couple of other charges . 
  oh , it is ? 
  one of the arguments against s60 is that it 's too complicated , so make up your mind . 
  also , i could ssh to my server while listening to music in 2004 on my s60 phone . 
  how is that not advanced ? 
  so did nokia , this is just a refresh of a product line . 
  do you think thumb up or down or 1 to 10 scales can accurately describe movies ? 
  i 'm aware of the counties , but profession ... 
  some people change it very often so there 's no sense in providing it on passports and other documents . 
  thanks , i was sure before that there is something i could do , but the pain of it does n't seem enough for a country that does n't want me . 
  i can live without the us , but at least now i know that something can be done about it . 
  yes . 
  it was always ... weird being so direct about things , maybe even too robotic . 
  relationships have a way of sorting themselves out . 
  give up , he 's obviously a troll . 
  the thing is , just a small upgrade can get you to a much better phone that is sturdy and has long battery life , if you can cope with java apps for im , web and other stuff . 
  people usually do n't know anything their phone can do . 
  yes !, 
  that 's what people do n't understand , you can listen to music , surf the web and chat with friends on a $ 30 phone and after that listen to people paying hundreds for the iphone to do the same thing . 
  it 's not that you ca n't raise a kid , it 's because you will raise it to become a gay rapist or other variation of the right wing homophobe clique . 
  i used to watch both of them with my dad . 
  this is really depressing . 
  i do n't even live in the us , but this makes me angry . 
  hungarian ? 
  i 'd like a native speaker to correct me , but it seems really hard . 
  not on reddit , but i got a few irl threats because of some discussions on usenet and forums . 
  you came at the right time ... 
  i need to impress someone and need some basic info on screamo and some bands . 
  got any ? 
  thanks . 
  i hate nin and trent reznor . 
  i believe in gun control . 
  i 've got a few pics of me banging a ps3 , sent to a friend who 's a huge sony fanboy . 
  great story . 
  it 's really rare that you have a chance to witness such historic events , and thank your mom or whoever had the idea to go there ... 
  it 's a once in a lifetime experience and a more interesting story to tell your children than a physics exam . 
  i like their reviews , it 's the news that 's sub par . 
  it seems like they 're the only gaming site with a sense of journalism and at least some integrity . 
   smelled the jew on me, 
  that 's ... auto racist . 
  or something . 
   croatia was definitely up there on the most beautiful places . 
  very nice to hear that . 
  what places in croatia did you visit ? 
  it 's * major * malik nadal hasan . 
  you know , the rank you need to earn in a decade or so , by commiting your life to the military . 
  that 's a good indicator that it 's not ideologically motivated . 
  no it wo n't . 
  from an ignorant european : why is it called * world * series ? 
  outside of the popularity problem , it 's not even played outside us and canada , right ? 
  if waltz does n't win it there is no justice in the world . 
  please do !, 
  i love this kind of ugly , surreal architecture . 
  they look like mad men . 
  if the 8thelement guy did dick confirmations i can do boobs . 
  no such luck :(, 
   outside of the popularity problem, 
  it really is n't popular anywhere outside us , canada and a handful of other countries . 
  i was at a baseball game here in croatia so i know it is played , but it 's not popular . 
  as i saw on wikipedia , the world series is played only in north america . 
  ask someone where can you get something to eat . 
  muslim food is godlike . 
  useless ? 
  what ? 
  it 's not sure yet , there are a couple of methods , but in essence you ca n't hide . 
  ask tarantino , ritchie and boyle , make whatever they think is fine . 
  javno.com ... 
  i wo n't comment on the article , but the site is known for copy/paste journalism , without checking sources , among other things . 
  in europe we call it near east , india is middle east and japan the far east . 
  currently , 56 people want to say that but are too embarassed . 
  it 's interesting , reddit is using the same argument to shoot down the maine gay marriage ban in the sense that things might be good even though a majority is against it . 
  you 're right . 
  the problem is that it 's easier to use phrases like the ones in your first paragraph . 
  redditors like dumbing down things to simple `` wise '' sentences like anyone else . 
  i think some admin mentioned that it 's coming soon . 
  or was that someone else ? 
  i love your elevators !, 
  ayo when you gon na let me tap that ? 
  sex education in school , books , friends and porn . 
  never had the embarassing talk . 
  i 'm not from the us , but i was always amazed with the low margins candidates have on elections . 
  in the last 20 years the largest margin was 8,5 % ... 
  your country seems extremely polarized . 
  your lifestyle determens your deathstyle ? 
  margaret thatcher on a cold day !, 
  this is relevant to my interests . 
  was she trying to ... 
  * puts on sunglasses *, 
  get on my horse ? 
  well it 's true . 
  communism is in its essence a noble system that had the misfortune to be implemented mostly by lunatic dictators . 
  every system except anarchy has to be forced on people . 
  and i lived in a socialist country , so please educate me what did we use to buy stuff if not currency ? 
  [ define ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/socialist_federal_republic_of_yugoslavia ) it how you like . 
  yes , but not because of health care costs or something else , but because smoking is harming not only the smoker but people near him . 
  by smoking the person is limiting my freedom to not be poisoned .
