  no , he got it for other reasons . 
  an overzealous blogger said it was because of his ( inane ) comment and it stuck . 
  i completely disagree . 
  hating the us is almost the norm , and giving a compliment to the us foreign policy or military is equal to karma suicide . 
  it has become so widespread that the trope you use ( most of the ww2 fighting ... ) although true is being re-written into `` the us did nothing , ussr did everything '' which i see very often and completely disagree with your `` antiamerican '' theory . 
  nope , i really hate nickelback , as much as i hate other shitty bands . 
  i do n't get it why is it so controversial to not like stuff . 
  i agree and i 'm fed up by the circlejerky attitude about nickelback , creed and coldplay where it is n't enough to hate them , but it has become fashionable . 
  then again i equally hate people who come up in that threads and say `` just do n't listen to them '' like i 'm being forced to listen to something . 
  i just plainly hate that music , that 's it . 
  not to mention that the region is safer than most of western europe and the chances of getting mugged or hurt is lower than in most european cities . 
  ah , the old conspiracy route people use to make us feel less guilty about killing ourselves like animals . 
  if you want to find a single word to describe why yugoslavia broke down it would n't be europe , us , capitalism or russia . 
  it would be nationalism . 
  yup , we still have that . 
  public companies still give out a christmas bonus and gift for children as a bonus on a regular paycheck . 
  krampus is a central european thing , so it 's widely used in big parts of former yugoslavia . 
   you realize that at the time the us was fighting a full-fledged effort against communism/socialism , right ? 
  the us was rooting for a united yugoslavia for some time even during the war when it was obvious this was n't going to happen . 
  only in [ 1993 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/croatian_war_of_independence#role_of_the_international_community ) did clinton decide to support republics right to secede . 
  that 's more than two years into the war . 
  before that yugoslavia has good relations with the us and the west , getting military equipment and loans , later in the 80 's conditioned on market reforms . 
  the reforms were forced by the imf and the reagan administration . 
  carter , ford and nixon visited yugoslavia and tito visited kennedy , nixon and carter . 
  your argument could be used against china as well , why does the us have good relations with them since the 70 's even though they are communist ? 
  there are only interests , no ideals . 
   and not just nationalism , but religion as well . 
  religion was closely linked to nationalism , i see it as just a convenient was to rally people up to a national cause . 
  i loved your comic . 
  make a comic so i can love it !, 
  as the others said , check out muzika.hr , we have an extensive calendar there and following it you wo n't miss anything . 
  although there wo n't be festivals , zagreb has a really rich gig scene and you wo n't have a problem finding a good concert in any time of the year in clubs like tvornica , mochvara , kset and the newly opened nkc park . 
  that 's for alternative and indie . 
   hijack nuclear missile installations in 14 countires, 
  the number was interesting so i checked it out :, 
  nuclear powers, 
  - us , russia , uk , france , china, 
  - india , pakistan , israel , north korea, 
  nato nuclear weapons sharing, 
  - belgium , netherlands , italy , turkey , germany, 
  they 're guarded by us soldiers and the us has the codes , but they are delivered by host countries . 
  i started rapping your post out loud and felt stupid after i realized that it actually does n't rhyme . 
  uriah heep is hella famous in germany so it might be an inspiration for the drawing since the magician 's birthday came out in 1972 . 
  if anyone could provide a streaming link for us outside of the uk , that would be awesome . 
  test or not , what i do n't get is why he 's not defending himself . 
  i was in denmark in may and was amazed by the trains . 
  granted , i do n't use trains in my country , but when i found my seat ( vejle to copenhagen ) i went to check with the waitress if i 'm in the right place since i bought the cheapest tickets . 
  great seats and a table , electrical plug , wifi and it was n't that expensive . 
  without much thought : grunge and early 90 's alternative rock ? 
   invade and overthrow an ally ( egypt ), 
  huh ? 
  fp has been vocal about it even during the debates . 
  zoolander man . 
  not to mention that saudi arabia would starts its own nuclear program to counter iran . 
  then we would get a middle eastern cold war that would just bring up countless proxy wars in the region . 
  you can also follow it over facebook . 
  just search for a page with the same name . 
  missing the yugoslav one . 
  edit : damn , wrong link . 
  but i 'll let it stay here until i find the right one . 
  mbv has a very respected album that lives in the shadow of its extremely popular little brother . 
  that 's not that rare . 
  there are more croats living outside of croatia than in . 
  some sort of liquer , often sold as rakija , but has less alcohol in it . 
  we have dozens of tastes so guessing like this is n't fair . 
   henri gr\u00e9goire estimated that at the time of the revolution , only about an eighth of france 's population claimed french as its native language . 
   [ the distinguished italian linguist tullio de mauro has estimated that at the time of unification , just 2.5 percent of the population spoke italian -- that is , the florentine vernacular that evolved from the works of dante and boccaccio . 
  even if that is an exaggeration and perhaps 10 percent understood the language , it still means 90 percent of italy 's inhabitants spoke languages or regional dialects incomprehensible to those elsewhere in the country . 
  even king victor emmanuel spoke in the piedmontese dialect when he was n't speaking his first language -- french . 
  ] ( http://www.foreignpolicy.com/articles/2011/11/15/end_of_italy%20?page=0,1 ), 
  loved the feelings , drawing style and obviously love that you put in the comic . 
  but all the fat jokes ruin it . 
  i get it , gaben is fat , haha , but the jokes are just distracting from your main point . 
  exactly . 
  also georgia and russia and more stated in the article . 
  i 'm sick of the whole tesla circlejerk where people who heard about him yesterday moan that he should be more honored . 
  he fucking is . 
  just because you had a shitty education it does n't mean everyone had . 
  no , but since i live thousands of miles from the nearest english speaking country , i 'm ok with that . 
  instead of being passive aggressive , you could just tell me where my mistake is . 
  although my tone may be harsh , i do n't have a problem with you ( or anybody else ) learning about tesla . 
  i 'm pissed of the circlejerk of people selling tesla t-shirts , saying `` fuck edison '' and making him a mythical saint , a meme between people who use `` science '' instead of `` god '' . 
   i 'm gon na go out on a limb and guess that you did n't learn about tesla in these grades either . 
  i actually did . 
  the whole thing reeks of classical reddit exaggeration . 
  the same thing happens everytime wwii is mentioned , somebody jumps in and says `` fuck hollywood , ussr won wwii , not the us '' an completely misses thousands of layers between the us perspective , the soviet perspective and the truth . 
  screwed you over !, 
  did you listen to them at terraneo ? 
  i literally fell asleep . 
  i interviewed them before the show , the effect was identical as their music . 
  why would n't they ? 
  turkey . 
  turkey . 
  three microstates do n't have an army . 
  iceland and monaco keep limited units . 
  that 's at most 5 out of 50 countries , making up less than 400 thousand people out of 730 million . 
  except it was the first comment , not the only one . 
  overall not even close to the us . 
  [ something fresher than 2009 ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/uk/2011/jan/20/murder-rate-lowest-12-years ) . 
   the home office figures published today show that england and wales are in the middle of the european murder league at 13.5 deaths per million population .
