  today you can be a fan of band that has millions of fans but that most people do n't know about . 
  their genre of `` post industrial avantgarde jazzrock with a hint of trip-hop '' could be completely independent of tv and radio and use only the web to spread . 
  before indie broke in the 80 's , that was n't possible . 
  and that is why there will be no more huge bands . 
  today you can listen to whatever you want . 
  back then you did n't have that choice . 
  i disagree . 
  although i infinitely prefer pearl jam over u2 , their popularity and global reach are n't the same . 
  backspacer sold less than a million copies , no line on the horizon a dissapointing 5 million . 
  u2 360 was the most profitable tour in history . 
  they practically lead a war at the height of the sino-soviet split so i would n't call them aligned in any case . 
  `` non aligned nations '' does n't mean the non aligned movement in this map . 
  also judging by albania , this map represents post 1968 cold war . 
  i 'm afraid you just do n't get the sheer popularity led zeppelin and the beatles had . 
  both of them were the biggest bands in the world ( not just uk and the us ) with innovative music that was endlessly emulated . 
  their presence changed music history . 
  without any of them there would n't be a radiohead . 
  without radiohead we would n't have what ? 
  radiohead was at no point even the biggest band in world . 
  their highest rated singles ( 15 and 20 years old today ) were # 3 in the uk and # 4 in the us . 
  their last single to break into the top 10 in both countries was ... in 1992 . 
  i want to point out that i 'm not discussing quality here , i enjoy all three bands the same , but claiming that radiohead is just as famous as the beatles is borderling insanity . 
  fox news : well know pedophile website now wants your blood !, 
  it 's called a parliamentary system , a lot of countries use it . 
   some time ago a police officer got fired over getting some free hamburgers, 
  well of course , you can just give people to police officers !, 
  despite of german bureaucracy , we 're allowed to call it like we see it outside of germany . 
  gentlemen , we have found our queen . 
  this is the dawning of the age of the aquarius ... 
  his whole argument is based on a billboard top list , which is bullshit when you consider millions of people still buying rock records , seeing rock bands in concerts and listening to rock music . 
  check out last.fm . 
  i randomly selected a week in mid 2011 and out of top 20 artists , 12 are considered rock and the rest a mish-mash of hip hop , pop and electronic . 
  i did the same for this week and the results were the same . 
  i 'm not saying last.fm is the most relevant metric , but comparing rock to jazz is either foolish or a work of a troll desperate for attention . 
  the `` rock is dead '' meme is extended by people having a hard time getting used to rock not being dominant music genre on radio and tv . 
  any attempt to cover stairway to heaven is arrogant . 
  i would call a book a newspaper if it was printed in broadsheet and sold six days in the week . 
  or as the rest of the world calls them - the olympic games . 
   romans did n't really leave many monuments that lasted until today , the pantheon and the colosseum are all i can think of off the top of my head . 
  they left 230 amphitheatres , not to mention other building that go in the thousands . 
  [ some ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/diocletian's_palace ) are still centres of life in their cities . 
  some people ( like me ) like to have a single identity on the web . 
  i like to look at my past comments , submissions the same way i archive all my text messages and e-mails . 
  abbee kimberly . 
  kelly bell . 
  not if there 's any more kitty kibble shortage . 
  i review stuff for a living and have been doing it for years in multiple magazines and for multiple websites . 
  every last line i wrote was honest . 
  i can say the same thing for a huge majority of my colleagues as well . 
  it 's a mutual relationship , manufacturers know that they lose more than us if they do n't give us a product . 
  their competition gets more attention , and we can always get the product from a distributor , store or if it is an important product just buy it . 
  i am currently having a fight with an unnamed manufacturer which refuses to give us any more products to review because their flagship got a less than ideal grade . 
  we will try to make peace with them , but if it fails there are dozens of ways to get their products and we lose nothing . 
  vx junkies are leaking again . 
  put yourself in his position and you 'll understand the emotions and hyperbole . 
  americans have no idea what it 's like to be on the receiving end of all the us actions . 
  she looks like the woman from [ this great harry enfield clip ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jz0jruasveq ) . 
  at the current usd exchange that would pay 28.7 years of my college . 
  it is not nearly the same as having another country dictate your policy , threaten sanctions ( or war ) and influence a big part of your life . 
  you get to vote for your government and you get to influence it , every other country on earth just has to shut up and eat it . 
  we have these discussions every week people . 
  not far , but it was a pretty shitty train ride so it took about 10 hours . 
  first one was iron maiden , the second exit festival 2010 . 
   the us did it because they wanted to . 
  most of the ethnic cleansing occurred after the us bombed ( as a predictable response from the serbs ), 
  incorrect . 
  most of the bombing happened in august and september of 1995 , the war ended in november of that year and the biggest massacre in july . 
   extremely small population, 
  get some perspective . 
  sweden is in the top third by population . 
  it 's a sitcom with three guys that sometimes review a car . 
  waterloo sunset , i am in paradise ... 
  can someone from western europe confirm that some things go untranslated ? 
  that 's illegal where i live ( central europe ) , even languages that are almost identical to ours have to be subtitled . 
  suck it up at the start . 
  i got lucky enough to start writing when i was 15 , and i translated my hobby into something you can get paid to do . 
  starting with shitty articles others would n't touch i got more experience and skills , climbing up and getting the juicy assignments . 
  climbing up the ranks in my field means having a broader choice of what to cover , and at age 22 i have the privilege to shrug at a meeting and say `` i want to do that , '' or `` i do n't want to do that . '', 
  sucking it up and networking for starting and paying attention and acquiring skills for climbing up . 
  which reminds me of an anecdote i saved some time ago :, 
   in a comical incident that features in sabour bradley 's documentary series the extreme tourist , the taliban saw a poster of rambo with a machine-gun in the home of an afghan bodybuilder fan of the hollywood star sylvester stallone . 
  ignorant of the world beyond the sharia law , the taliban assumed that rambo was a family member and told the bodybuilder : `` tell your cousin that he must hand over his machine gun to us . '', 
  the bodybuilder 's protestation that the poster depicted a fictional hollywood hero fell flat with the taliban , who subsequently imprisoned the man . 
  call of duty is to blame ? 
  we 're not religious , we 're just dumb . 
  we voted in an atheist president and two prime ministers , and our current president is agnostic . 
  abortion is legal , there 's nudity everywhere ... 
  religion is just tradition over here , not anything in practice . 
  that 's the only reason we have 89 % of catholics and why the church has any leverage at all . 
  georgia and russia , ecuador and peru , turkey and cyprus , india and pakistan . 
  i agree with your sentiment , but if nations expected wars then they would never happen and most nations on the planet need a well armed force to defend itself . 
  some go into the extremes , but a lot of them are balanced and have armies with a positive role in society . 
  16 horsepower and croat , were you on terraneo last year ? 
  we mostly do n't have the need for one . 
  as unpopular as this statement is on reddit , i believe that the state should have monopoly on violence . 
  edit : your incarceration and homicide rate is out of any range of possibility where i live . 
  in a metropolitan area of more than a million we have 1,1 murders per 100k people . 
  similar cities in the us have from 3,6 to 8,2 . 
  i just do n't need a gun . 
  different countries have different customs , rules and laws ?
