  with great talent comes a great ego . 
  as much as i love kim , frank was/is the a hugely talented musician . 
  seriously underrated . 
  i would agree to an extent . 
  kim 's solo stuff was almost in the same league as the pixies , some would say even greater , while frank never after did shine with the same light . 
  but to say that his stuff was bad or subpar is an overstatement . 
  because of the huge expectations his work was overcriticized . 
  while nowhere near the pixies , his solo work was , in moments , great . 
  teenager of the year was an excellent album and it showed what a great songwriter he was , but that he missed the chemistry pixies had , as a group . 
  i 'm rambling a little because i did n't get much sleep , but i would bring the beatles up - there are very rare moments that such talents click in a way that produces something great . 
  although both lennon and mccarthey are geniuses , only together can they achieve such greatness . 
  and showed that yahtzee had a good taste in music . 
  being in that part of the world at that time , i wish i was in yours . 
  nirvana and the breeders in the same night . 
  wow . 
  a duckface is a bad attempt at puckering lips . 
  if only there were some big list of people who helped rescue jews ... 
  how much do you pay for internet ? 
  is it expensive ? 
  where i live we used to have a monopoly , huge prices and no flat rate service . 
  users rebeled , the law got changed and now i pay around 30 dollars for 10 mbit flat rate . 
  gta san andreas soundtrack , you can easily find it on torrent sites , along with the commercials . 
  if you have the game , you can extract from it . 
  now , i do n't drive a car , but when i take my bike or walk somewhere , i put up radio x and remember flying that airplane over the desert . 
  aw shucks , i only got 18/22 . 
   it will happen over decades rather than in the short term future . 
  but it has to start somewhere , and tunisia is one of the rare countries in the region that has the potential to get a better standard . 
  i was being sarcastic , since the submission he commented on is a list of people who helped jews in wwii . 
  why ca n't both be big stories ? 
  i agree with your sentiments since i am in a non-supported country as well . 
  but !, 
  purchase levels are lower for other reasons , one of them being quality of apps . 
  there are great apps on the market , but if we compare it with the nearest competition ( the `` a '' word ! ), 
  the difference is obvious . 
  not to mention the demographics . 
  people who buy apple products are somehow more likely to pay for apps . 
  i 'm a huge android fan , but you ca n't deny that the app store is a great * giant * plus for the ios crowd . 
  b-movie ? 
  i think `` action movie star '' would be a better name for him . 
  b-movie implies that he acts in cheap , shitty , not-known movies . 
  lock , stock and snatch are good enough to drown down anything . 
  yes , every downvote on reddit is from a corporate unit made only to hide comments about their company . 
  do you need additional equipment for satellite internet ? 
  something for uploading ? 
  i was led to believe the average american earns above 30k a year . 
  is that too small in an average costing city ? 
  i 'll have to talk to my isp about that . 
  i only live 6 thousand kilometers away . 
  ron is aoe with a dash of civ . 
  that 's what made it great . 
  heh , sisa means boob in croatian ( and serbian and bosnian ... ) . 
  primiti sisu means to grab a boob . 
  strong will indeed . 
  i went to check something on wikipedia after reading a couple of articles about urban decay . 
  according to the article about detroit , nothing is wrong , nor did anything bad happen . 
  [ i 've noted my disappointment over in r/wikipedia , if anyone wants to shed some light ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/wikipedia/comments/fblnw/this_is_a_featured_article_barely_a_couple_of/ ), 
  the latest version of opera is less than 10 mb in size and includes an e-mail , news , irc and rss client , along with the unite server . 
  seriously . 
  in the original jackal he asked for a couple of thousands to kill the president of france , in the remake he asked for millions for the director of the fbi . 
  the guy who was trying to blackmail him got a kick in the head and was placed in a big chest . 
  in the remake the blackmail guy was chopped to pieces by a huge machine gun . 
  in the original the gun way a one bullet light sniper , in the remake it was a ( you guessed it ) huge fucking machine gun . 
  i was really pissed . 
  with a good script and good actors , the remake could have been awesome . 
  you and me , we 're gon na spoon . 
  now bend the fuck over . 
  ( anyone who remembers the quote is going to cringe while reading it ), 
  i 'd rather install bonzi buddy than itunes/safari/acrobat reader . 
  not the us , but when i landed in london this old lady that was on the same plane with me did n't speak english and her daughter was late to the airport . 
  the customs guy was confused for a second and i said that i can translate . 
  since it was a european flight ( but not eu ) i just needed to fill out a small form for her and translate a few questions . 
  got pushed at the front of the line for helping her . 
  have you used it ? 
  because i did and it has huge potential and takes a completely different perspective of any mobile os . 
  damn you :(, 
  there 's one in croatia as well : http://www.last.fm/event/1736735+up+in+smoke+vol.1, 
  jews are probably the most persecuted people on earth . 
  in the last couple of thousands of years they have been killed , tortured , forced to move , forced to live in ghettos and forbidden to do some types of work . 
  antisemitism was the norm . 
  then hitler took it to another level and made an extensive system to terminate the whole jewish population of europe . 
  after almost succeding in that , the jews decided they had enough , and so did the allies . 
  so they were shipped to palestine where they made their own state , the first country in a long while where jews were supposed to be safe , their own country . 
  of course we know how their real estate decisions turned out to be and that today they are the ones dealing terror to their neighbours . 
  that 's why they are so sensitive over antisemitism . 
  they percieve israel as the jewish state and any attack on the state is automatically an attack on their religion and ethnicity . 
  i can see why they 're jumpy , seeing as they have been through hell and back . 
  but what i do n't see is how can they not learn from their own past and see that they are the oppresors they once feared . 
  edit : my reply is polite , historically correct and i even inserted a couple of disclamers to appease reddits obvious bias , while staying on the subject which are jews , not palestinians . 
  i would ask the downvoters to at least explain them . 
  they are considered the greatest band * ever * , which is by default a great amount of hype , even if you ( like me ) agree with it . 
  there is no greatest band ever , if we were to go into details , just opinions of the greatest bands ever . 
  for me , it 's the beatles , but i 've heard led zeppelin , pink floyd , queen ... 
  it 's obvious who the most influential is , if we count it that way . 
  i agree with you on the rest of the comment . 
  having lennon and mccartney in the same room could be considered a miracle of chances . 
  i adore pink floyd , but i have to admit that most of their music is n't conventional or accessible as , let 's say , the beatles . 
   and you know what ? 
  most people are okay with that . 
  in fact , i am . 
  i 'll gladly see unintrusive advertisements in my web browsing experience , because i know that the fact that i 'm seeing them allows me to see the content i 'm looking at without paying .
