  ars seems good . 
  that old trams looks like a czech tatra , a slightly newer version is still rolling in a lot of european cities . 
  over ten thousand of them were made . 
  i used to ride one every day . 
  i 'm the last person to bitch about ads . 
  i do n't use adblock , i do n't block any ad except the annoying or huge ones , but this one really crosses the line . 
  i 'm in it journalism as well so i 'm not blaming the engadget crew , but anyone who thought a huge ad is a good idea , on this site or any other . 
  oh and yes , i am outside the us . 
   edit : wow . 
  i call a pacifist a thug , and reddit completely misses the sarcasm . 
  this site is going downhill . 
  no , this site has had enough of circlejerking . 
  currently about a quarter of top level comments on this story are some form of sarcasm , begging for upvotes , instead of contributing to the thread . 
  i have the whole set somewhere . 
  is n't practically the whole world doing the same thing ? 
  it 's called a * global * financial crisis and when shit hits the fan you cut anything you can . 
  and everything is being cut . 
  til : christian bale is english . 
  really did n't know that . 
  i actually signed up for myspace yesterday for the first time , just to download something . 
  deleted it ten minutes after that . 
  finland is n't a part of [ scandinavia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/scandinavia ), 
   imo , the us offers a more diverse set of opportunities for outdoor recreation than any other country in the world . 
  maybe , but it 's very far away from most people . 
  talking from a european perspective , we might not have deserts and canyons , but things are n't that far away . 
  jordan can be considered progressive when compared to the region . 
  both the queen and the king did a lot for their country and i hope that they can move forward to a more democratic government . 
  ie and safari are defaults on windows and os x. 
  firefox has a big open source community behind it , and chrome has google . 
  it 's simple , really . 
  what about / sp / ? 
  did n't moot say they 're the next to go ? 
  also , is n't / k / stormfront ? 
  well what type of nature are we talking about ? 
  i have two hours driving to the seaside for a swim , and four hours for skiing , or if it snows in my town i can ski 30 minutes from home . 
  and i live in the capital of my country . 
  yes , i posted it the other day and got over 600 commenting karma . 
  i thought everybody heard of it by now . 
  nice idea , but i would rather do this in the comfort of my home with headphones , since i do n't have the acoustics or the money for expensive speakers . 
  also , how many albums out there are actually good and in the same time made to be listened to as a single unit ? 
  i can name ten , but that trend is very rare these days . 
  you can hear my heart crushing back in 1998 . 
  i was just boasting do n't worry . 
  read with comprehension :, 
   jordan can be considered progressive ** when compared to the region ** . 
  our excuse is a lot of underground water , although i do n't buy it . 
  do not google prince albert . 
   i also tweet , but i 'm not linking to that because no one should ever be proud of tweeting . 
  you have my respect . 
  yugoslavia would n't last a month without tito . 
  invasion from either side , nationalist bickering , inter-party fights , you name it . 
  they were prepared for tito 's death , and we all know how that ended . 
  nobody is claiming he was , i 'm a croat and i know what he did , both good and bad . 
  not shining , but slovenia is doing great , croatia is scheduled to enter the eu soon and is a member of nato , with a gdp per capita larger than 7 eu member states . 
  considering that we had a third of our teritorry occupied 15 years ago , i consider it success . 
  * roughly * 16 months ? 
  i 'll sign everything you wrote and note that we could have been better off without hdz rule in the 90s , and the ugly privatization and corruption that came with it . 
  the best case scenario did n't work out , but i 'm not sure i would call the current situation the worst case . 
  maybe i was too optimistic with considering what we have today success , but i ca n't help but think that considering the circumstances it could have been worse . 
   edit : p.s. 
  rospaya from croatian usenet ? 
  yup , the same . 
  my username is haunting me ever since . 
  i only see werewolf bar mitzvah . 
  god damn !, 
  i was just listening to this and saw the link . 
  talk about coincidences . 
  these guys are from my town . 
  the rest of the thread is golden as well . 
   how have you managed to stay a virgin !?!, 
   by seeking a degree in mathematics !, 
  i guess god * does * hate figs . 
   obama is worse than bush . 
  how soon we forget . 
  there are about five or six bands missing before nirvana . 
  but i get the point , it 's funny . 
  i have a feeling it is out of reach for anyone except the really wealthy . 
  what is the procedure for the surgery like ? 
  i 'm having some problems with my strabismus ( self diagnosed ... 
  i shoud go see my doctor ) and it 's becoming really annoying . 
  people are n't sure where i 'm looking at and i 've had work trouble ( i got a 3d laptop to review ) . 
  could you provide some details if you remember ? 
  i would argue both . 
  nirvana got main influences from alternative bands of the time such as sonic youth , pixies and r.e.m but we ca n't deny rites of spring and black flag having something to do with influencing their sound . 
  [ here 's a list ] ( http://www.angelfire.com/rock3/nirvana81/kurttop.htm ) of kurt cobains 50 best albums , from his journals . 
  what.cd users can download then in a collage . 
  and were n't grunge . 
  just connected to the movement . 
   she is an extremely talented musician, 
  really ? 
  * really ? 
  * just because she can write a song and play an instrument does n't make her talented , or as you said , extremely talented . 
  if she is extremely talented what the hell are jack white , john frusciante or josh homme ? 
  all three members of multiple bands , wrote a shitload of great songs , are among the best rock guitarists of the last two decades ? 
  lady gaga is a moderately talented musician surrounded by a crew that made her what she is now . 
  she is only famous because of them , not because of herself . 
  by now , she is only a product . 
  yes , that 's what struck me as odd , too . 
  i got all the albums and it is really a good list and a great way to find more music . 
   furthermore , there are 400 state representatives for this body,
