  and i could never understand national or ethnic pride , because to me pride should be reserved for something you achieve on your own . 
   being irish is n't a skill , it 's a fucking genetic accident . 
   you would n't be proud to be 5 ' 11 '' . 
  you would n't be proud to have a pre-disposition for colon cancer, 
  the interactions with the kid were some of the best parts of iron man 3 . 
  but overall it 's still just a regular massive cgi filled superhero movie with a good gimmick here and there . 
  ben 's character and storyline were easily the most interesting i 've seen recently . 
   on september 15 , 2001 , the 42-year old roque took his chevrolet s-10 from the wild hare sports bar in mesa where he had reportedly been ranting about immigrants , and drove to the chevron gas station owned by balbir singh sodhi , who had emigrated from india in 1989 . 
  roque shot sodhi five times from his truck with a .380 handgun , killing him as sodhi was helping landscaper luis ledesma plant flowers around the edge of his gas station . 
  - posted by a known troll, 
  - sourced to the iranian state tv, 
  - editorialized title, 
  also , the last straw for me to unsubscribe . 
  was n't udraw one of the things that sunk thq ? 
  they had over a million unsold units . 
  you missed a lot of details about kosovo . 
  albanians that populate it were edging for their federal unit in yugoslavia for a long time . 
  in 1981 there were more albanians in yugoslavia than macedonians and montenegrins ( and almost the same as slovenes ) and they all had their states while kosovo had a status as a part of serbia . 
  tito gave kosovo more autonomy in the 1974 constitution which is today used as one of the basis for the current borders of the former province . 
  albanians got more rights at one point , but later lost them after they started firing serbs . 
  in the 80 's serbs were a minority and held most of the police , industry and government . 
  there was massive unrest and the army had to intervene . 
  on the turn of the decade milosevic used kosovo to rile up nationalism , using the image of a battered serb minority to further his agenda . 
  it 's there where he said that serbs are facing battles that are not armed , but they should n't be excluded . 
  note that this was after he passed a new constitution that reduced kosovo 's rights and a year before the first bullet in the war was shot . 
  in the mid 90 's a guerilla movement started targeting serbs and milosevic reacted the way he did , making nato respond . 
   see croatian war of independence for the worst of it . 
  the war in bosnia and herzegovina was worse , and i say this as a croat . 
   no military presence , as such . 
  but these countries formed part of the old ` iron curtain ' , and many of them were willing allies of russia . 
  yugoslavia was n't behind the iron curtain . 
  it bought military equipment from both sides , shot down us airplanes and waited for a soviet invasion in the same decade . 
  yugoslavia was open to the west and people could travel where they wanted . 
  western products were scarce but movies , bands and people came in millions . 
  why were they small ? 
  i did n't want to marry pamela in the 90 's , the same way i do n't want my gf to get fake tits . 
  one i love , the other i wanted to fap on . 
  two different things . 
  i have this quote saved for some time , i do n't know who the source is :, 
   saying that jews dominate hollywood is like saying koreans dominate starcraft . 
  it is n't racist , and there are exceptions . 
  it has nothing to do with race and everything to do with culture . 
  every generation believes they live in end times , and yet we are living in the most peaceful and prosperous time in history . 
  you do n't need to be taught or showed stuff like this . 
  open a book , wikipedia , read media outlets that focus on africa . 
  there are a lot of sources out there . 
  anyone have the yugoslav version ? 
  every advice you have here is excellent and reminds me of my own path . 
  writing for myself , listening a lot of music and reading . 
  later i got on a radio station and when i felt confident enough i sent an e-mail asking for a job at the place i work now . 
  three years later i 'm really happy with my job ( s ) and i 'm currently preparing for an interview with john lydon tomorrow so i think i did things right . 
  the post is good , but there is not much depth about it . 
  it 's a cheat sheet for people who do n't follow africa in the news , and is mostly comprised of information you can get on wikipedia in 15 minutes . 
  you would be surprised how many bands play in places like croatia . 
  almost every band that goes through europe passes here and the site i work for is the first choice for promoting their shows . 
  it gave me a chance to meet , interview or just listen to some of my favorite artists . 
  i do n't know what chances you would have for something like that in the us where the competition ( and size ) is insane . 
  a lot of people still own cars by choice , not by necessity , especially in places where public transport is good . 
  it 's the freedom they want . 
  wrong and very wrong . 
  israel does mostly what it wants . 
  us officials hate dealing with israel because they drain money into it and get limited influence out of it . 
  look at the yom kippur war . 
  israel put its nukes on standby to force the us to ship them arms . 
   on october 8 , israeli prime minister golda meir authorized the assembly of thirteen 20-kiloton nuclear warheads on jericho missiles and f-4s , which were prepared for action against syrian and egyptian targets ; [ 3 ] their preparation was made easily detectable , likely as a signal to the united states . 
  [ 4 ] kissinger learned of this threatening nuclear escalation on the morning of 9 october . 
  on that same day , meir issued a personal appeal for military assistance , which european nations declined . 
  u.s. president richard nixon , however , ordered the commencement of operation nickel grass , to replace all of israel 's materiel losses . 
  [ 5 ] the decision was taken the same day the soviets began their own resupply operation of arab forces by sea . 
  [ 6 ] anecdotal evidence suggests that kissinger had told anwar el sadat that the reason for the u.s. airlift was that the israelis were close to `` going nuclear . 
  it has nothing to do with generations or age , just the choices you made and habits you developed . 
  i could quit twitter tomorrow and would n't miss it , but facebook is crucial for my work and a lot of social occasions . 
  in the same time a have a friend who does n't use facebook , but would n't be able to function without e-mail , something that i use mostly for business , not for communicating with friends . 
  i could live without the internet , meaning i would n't die or lose friends , but having access to services like facebook , e-mail or even reddit make my life easier and better . 
  paul proved that in his experiment . 
  what resources are you talking about ? 
  12 year old and a donkey ... 
  poland has grown a lot , but it still has an under average gdp per capita and average salary . 
  both are around the averages for the region . 
  to answer op , considering the monthly average salary in the us and poland , the us equivalent would be around 400 dollars . 
   but is it right to ask the working class to absorb all of the risk of a business venture, 
  `` i am absolutely contributing my own money to the funding of the film , but i actually ca n't afford to cover the entire cost of production . 
  with a combination of my own personal funds , backing from my fans and the sale of some of the film 's foreign rights , i will be able to make the film i intended to make which i am hoping is a film you want to see . '', 
  what about the thousands of people who * do * leave their basements , survive and live happy lives ? 
   and the people who keep saying he did n't prepare at all are fucking wrong and do n't know what they 're talking about . 
  he did n't even have a compass . 
  case . 
  closed . 
  one of his main points was to be unprepared : `` he took pride in surviving with a minimum of gear and funds , and generally made little preparation . '', 
  how is it possible that people know about leeroy but have n't seen it ? 
  it says right there on the kickstarter page . 
  if you believe anything else there why should n't you believe this ? 
  yeah , nobody talks about the us on reddit . 
  i seriously thought this was gon na be something about the less talked about america , the south one . 
  nobody has an interest to see thousands of civilians dead , but politics make it complicated for any side to do much . 
  russia , iran and china support bashar al-assad . 
  russia wants to have a safe warm sea port there , iran has its safest ally and china just wants to block us interests . 
  the west would like to eject al-assad and install a friendly regime but the opposition is n't organized and parts of it are too radical for their taste so the support is mostly in comms , supplies and intel , while regional powers supply arms . 
  intervention is n't a possibility , no-fly zones would be a problem because syria has solid anti-air defenses and arming the rebels would surly get the weapons into wrong hands . 
  there a debate in washington what to do but everybody agrees that you 're damned if you do and damned if you do n't .
