  it 's sad that it 's getting this exposure only because of its success on the us market , when nokia has plenty of other great smartphones that do n't get any attention . 
   the iphone hacking scene and userbase are also the largest of any phone, 
  i find it silly that most iphone owners really think this is true . 
  nokia sells more phones in a week than apple did since the beginning of the iphone sales . 
  symbian os has almost three times more shipped phones than iphone os . 
  there are more than 50 million wm phones around , and more than 200 million symbian phones . 
  games - it depends what games you like to play , and as strategy and classic games are my favourites on a phone , iphone does n't perform that great . 
  emulators on the iphone ? 
  only with breaking your warranty . 
  hackable - hell yes . 
  open source means nothing to somebody like me who does n't know and does n't want to know how to code , and i can change almost any wm device to the point where you would n't recognise it . 
  android may be build on that foundations , but that has little impact on a user that wants to customise it tommorow . 
  `` it 's a joke '' really is n't an argument . 
  exchange support ? 
  stop acting dumb with stupid arguments like `` most of the people i know '' and simply saying `` no '' to everything . 
  i used it on both devices , and continued to use it on wm. 
  now you 're just trolling , and deleting replies is the lowest anyone can get on reddit . 
  i do n't have the need to justify myself , but just for clarity : i use wm and s60 everyday and since i review phones for a living - i have used every smartphone os . 
  nobody mentioned [ high fidelity ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0146882/ ) yet ? 
  everyday i walk past a mosque that was build during a fascist puppet regime , the same time when a synagogue was destroyed not far away from the same place . 
  something like three days . 
  it involved surgery , wandering half naked in the hospital , having things up my ass and puking over sleeping kids in the infections ward . 
  i ended up calling my parents and friends , explaining my halucinations and the total lack of personnel on the floor . 
  good times . 
   the call log only has one history entry per number , so you ca n't get timestamp info about more than one call per number/contact . 
  you have n't found the other tab in the log application , have you ? 
  there is precise info about every connection you make , from messages to internet and calls , with additional info . 
  i 'll make a screenshot when i get home , but i just checked on my 110.07.127 e71-1 : menu  log  right click . 
  sorry , but the menu is on croatian :, 
  just press the central key and you get all the info you need . 
  since the icons have different colors , it 's not such a problem . 
  http://imgur.com/fkt3el.jpg ( smjer - direction , iz - from , trajanje - duration , poslano - sent , primlj . 
  recieved ), 
  i think that 's enough info . 
  i want that guys hair . 
  i 'm just sorry i could n't explain better . 
  if you 're not satisfied , try some third party programs like advanced call manager . 
   when they came back they had the amazing gall to attempt , for a second time , to pass a law exempting themselves from the freedom of information law . 
  how can an mp even think he can be exempt from a law ? 
  more shocking , a law that is directed at him . 
  these guys failed democracy . 
  watch only fools and horses . 
  frequently . 
   way back when i was single , i was honest and up front with every girl i met . 
  you 're ruining it for the rest of us . 
  screw you guys , i 'm going home . 
  gay of the year ? 
  a journalist when i was 16 , i 'm still doing it . 
  it 's the governments responsibility to protect them . 
  they have the right to march in peace and to be protected from nationalist pricks , no matter what the odds are they are going to get beaten . 
  the gay pride parade here in zagreb regulary has more police protection than marchers , and every year there are protesters and death threats ( one year a guy had molotov coctails hidden near ) , but the police protects them because it is their right to march . 
  i finished high school yesterday ( after 5 fuckin ' years ) so i was just lazy the whole day , enjoying the thought that i do n't have to go to school on monday . 
  sunday sinfest is always the best . 
  someone on #reddit mentioned yesterday that you should send rick astley to the eurosong contest . 
  at least you 'll know that you have / b / on your side . 
  wow , i saw office space yesterday for the second time . 
  [ weird ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/baader-meinhof_phenomenon ) . 
  yes , but that 's not the reason not to learn another one . 
  most americans wo n't benefit from another language ( except maybe spanish ) , but in my part of europe knowing only one foreign language is almost a disgrace ( at least for young people ) . 
  english is learned in school since the age of ten and is compulsary until you finish high school ( age 17 or 18 ) , and learning other languages ( mostly german , italian or french ) is highly recommended and most students do it . 
  there is a law in the making that will make learning english necessary at the age of 9 , and a second foreign language in 6th grade ( something like 12 years of age ) . 
  for me , it 's a matter of culture and in a country like mine , a practical thing to know . 
  no , i 'm from croatia . 
  we have long standing ties with germany and we have been in the same union with austria for hundreds of years , plus the hundreds of thousands of germans and austrians going on vacation here , and hundreds of thousands of croats working there . 
  dalmatia and istria have been under italian rule for years and many of them still live here . 
  a couple of towns have double language standards , so croatian and italian are both official languages in some places . 
  we did have some history with the french during napoleon 's rule , but the connection is here only because of lingua franca . 
  i understand that , but there is a great chance people will understand you wherever you are in europe because most people ( young more than old ) speak english . 
  i 've been to italy two or three times , and i have n't had problems communicating with people in english , but i 'm learning italian because it 's a culture things - it 's just polite to know it if you communicate with people there . 
  it does n't have a downside !, 
  but , that 's my pov and i think 90 % of americans do n't have a reason to learn a foreign language , but the other 10 percent that travel and visit some countries frequently than others have a reason to learn one , and not just because it is practical . 
  i fell asleep once , during the hypnotising session . 
  i agree with you . 
  one of my regrets is not learning more than one language when i was a kid . 
  i 've been formally learning english since i was 6 and my last english lesson was a couple of days ago , when i finished high school . 
  italian was two years ( non compulsary ) and german one year in high school . 
  if i did n't switch schools it would be four ... 
  proof please ? 
  i 'll hijack your thread for a movie i ca n't remember . 
  the story was about a small village and a new teacher who was teaching kids something about holocaust denial , and probably atheism ... a single mother sued him and won . 
  there were some anti communism stuff , too . 
  i think it was set in the us , 70 's or 80 's . 
  pedobear approves !, 
  not everybody on reddit is from the us . 
  thank god . 
  once or twice ... 
  it 's ok , but not having anyone to share it with is kind of a downer . 
  it 's just not fun enough like it would be when you go with a friend . 
  and he says : `` what ? '', 
  i love this song !, 
  `` nah , i do n't want a beer , thanks ! '' ... 
  but it is a nice experience , i agree . 
  `` americanized '' does n't have to be a direct blow on the us , it 's more offensive to the people that it is directed at - it shows a lack of own culture and artificial , imported culture . 
  it 's mostly directed at people who accept us tv shows , products and culture too easily . 
   the constitution , balance of powers , longest lasting democracy in the world, 
  democracy does n't mean much when you had slaves for the first hundred years , harrased other races for the first two hundred and used un-democratic measures until this day . 
  some people come for the music , you know ? 
  written down for future use . 
  fight club . 
  i had a shitty night and did n't pay enough attention to the movie , and i did n't understand who was who at the end .
