  i enjoyed the text , but the site is a mess . 
  why use flash for regular text ? 
  i saw this before . 
  did you post it to militaryphotos.com ? 
  as someone who quit after three great seasons , the comments here are confusing . 
  this is just a minor issue . 
  edit : is my pun that bad or did people not get it ? 
  i 'd rather avoid the lion 's den . 
  the vietnam war re-enacment episode was better than anything family guy ever had . 
  i remember similar stories on reddit before . 
  awful stuff . 
  best role jack black ever had . 
  i highly recommend the book too . 
   ** that directly **, 
  i 'm neither deluded or ignorant , which is why i used the wording i did . 
  to reply to me you click `` reply '' below my comment . 
  i do n't get it this way you did it . 
  i enjoyed the rest of your texts and even `` liked '' you on facebook . 
  good stuff . 
  how much do you move outside of work ? 
  the thought of standing for 8 hours almost makes me sick since i prefer to walk wherever i 'm going . 
  not that it 's right or fair and the whole content business must adapt to the internet , but ... 
  i 'd be happy to pay for an episode of community to watch over my xbox and not leaving my bed . 
  as much as i would love to use hulu and get free shows with whatever caveats there are , i live in europe and ca n't even get the paid version , something you guys have and ( rightly so ) bitch about it . 
  even when counting in the huge income gap between us , i 'd be happy to buy a show for $ 1.99 . 
  until then i torrent . 
  the day hollywood makes me a happy man is the day piracy dies in my house . 
  i read a shitload about bioshock , the back story , objectivism ... 
  it was all very interesting to me . 
  then i played the game and just gave up after 10 minutes . 
  not that it was a bad game , but i loved the thought of such a thought-out game more than the game itself . 
  actually ... 
  i did n't get that one for a long time . 
  i 've never seen a clothes hanger made like a bended wire , only in us movies . 
  the only coat hangers i 've seen libe were plastic or wooden . 
  drinking tea !, 
  oh god , american redditors would adore this picture . 
  21 years old and have a job at reddit . 
  great , way to make me feel accomplished . 
  in croatia as well . 
  in croatia a driving licence is about $ 1k , maybe even more . 
  you need to pass a traffic rules exam with classes , first aid exam with classes , driving the car with a professional on a polygon for x hours and then on the streets for x hours , after which you get your licence . 
  i 'm 22 and hate cars so i 'd rather take my chances with trams , buses and bicycles . 
  i always found my local unenforced drinking age limit a blessing until now . 
  i 'd love to have that powers . 
  i for one have a reddit only girlfriend . 
  i 'm going against the tide here , but i do care about karma . 
  not * that * much and not enough to karmawhore ( even though i blurb out an occasional dumb meme just for comic effect ) , but on serious stuff i care about it . 
  when i write about an obscure subject in a small subreddit and see the little thing go from one to five i 'm excited because people thought it was worth their while to read it . 
  when i get downvoted i want to know why people think i did wrong , but in most of the cases it 's just that my opinion is n't popular or other hivemind issues . 
  i hate to even type out `` hivemind '' and `` cancer that 's killing * blank * '' , but discussions are what make this community great and smart use of upvotes and downvotes make it better . 
  again , i 'm talking about commenting , not posting text as images and videos as gifs just to get karma . 
   are you new here or something ? 
  you look like you 're new here . 
  the green m means that davidreiss666 is a moderator here . 
  it would be a better idea to revitalize this one . 
  germany ? 
  every country that has its independence day in the spring or summer uses it for barbecues , drinking and light patriotism . 
  she played a transvestite in one of the torrente movies . 
  just sayin ' . 
  i was n't robbed , but almost got swindled in tunisia . 
  felt like shit . 
  it was n't the money i almost lost , but the experience of trusting people and get fucked in return . 
  i think i 'm more cynical since that experience . 
  were n't lastpass servers accidentally seized by fbi ? 
  edit : [ i mixed up instapaper and lastpass ] ( http://www.pcpro.co.uk/news/enterprise/368269/instapaper-fbi-stole-our-server ) . 
  my bad , it was [ instapaper ] ( http://www.pcpro.co.uk/news/enterprise/368269/instapaper-fbi-stole-our-server ) . 
  mixed it up . 
  which is bs . 
  the bbc was criticized for their neutral position in the falklands war . 
   americans , in stark contrast , are far more likely to see the government as the enemy , infringing upon their autonomy . 
  but have no problem letting corporation infringe on them . 
  agent 47 perhaps ? 
  / mu/core, 
  aglio e olio was a great album . 
  i 'd fuck ugly betty . 
  did the riots start already ? 
  yes , everything except some animated movies use subtitles . 
  the new imax has transformers 3 , you can reserve the tickets [ here ] ( http://www.blitz-cinestar.hr/cinestar/transformers-3-3d/2003 ) . 
  only 50 % of the seats can be reserved so you could get in without it . 
  finally , a worthy cause . 
  if you come two or more hours earlier you should n't have any problems . 
  pm me if you need help . 
  the torpedo . 
  number of wars is the lowest in 70 years . 
  i can help you with profiling in europe :, 
   of the 294 terrorist attacks in europe in 2009 , only one attack was islamist and in 2008 there was no islamist attack . 
  i think you 're in the wrong subreddit here . 
  just different standards . 
  look at abortions , gun rights , gay rights . 
  things like that depend on a lot of things and while something might work in one country , it does n't have to work in another . 
  every government regulates literature and speech . 
  it 's just that the limits vary between nations . 
  what about [ fighting words ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fighting_words#united_states ) ? 
   almost as right-wing as gw bush . 
  you people really forget stuff right away . 
  except a third world war , obama could n't do enough damage to the us than gw bush did . 
   8 liters of milk for 4 euro was pretty funny . 
  holy shit . 
  i pay about a euro for a liter .
