  as a guy who made such a post a couple of months ago ( and is very grateful for your help ) , another subreddit wo n't help . 
  just make a good guide with previous similar threads and group them into the sidebar . 
  it 's an article about the croatian cup semifinals , and the player in question is ivan tome\u010dak . 
   actually it was margaret thatcher who banned english clubs from europe , not uefa, 
  actually , [ both ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/heysel_stadium_disaster#aftermath ) happened . 
   on 31 may , british prime minister margaret thatcher put pressure upon the fa to withdraw english clubs from european competition , [ 17 ] and then two days later uefa banned english clubs for `` an indeterminate period of time '' . 
  on 6 june fifa extended the ban to all worldwide matches , but this was modified one week later to allow friendly matches to take place . 
  the ban did not apply to the english national team . 
  english clubs were banned indefinitely from european club competitions with a provision being added that liverpool would serve a further three-year ban after the ban on other english clubs had been lifted . 
  [ 18 ] in the event english clubs were banned for five years . 
  liverpool in the end only served one year of the extra three-year ban . 
  crap . 
  i 'm sorry for the misleading title , i was excited about the news . 
  i 'm bleeding from the nose . 
  just interested in urban planning and our cities . 
  in reality a journalist and student . 
  it 's common knowledge , a part of pop culture . 
  most people on reddit know about elvis but were n't alive in his time , right ? 
  for those like me who first heard of them :, 
  his version of somebody to love rocks . 
  freedom of speech laws are n't the same in the whole world . 
  some old people i know still prefer to drink out of them . 
  what 's that green thing , it looks healthy ? 
  i 've seen a couple of really funny kurt cobain comics , but this one ... not so much . 
  usually love cy & h , but i did n't find this one funny . 
  where i live the first version of the tax was for everything from dvrs to dvds and cell phones . 
  literally everything that could carry enough data for a couple of songs . 
  freedom of speech is n't universal or equally protected in every country . 
  there are a lot of shades of free speech , and the same as abortion or gun control , even modern liberal democracies are n't consistent in those rights . 
  european perception of free speech is different than the us . 
   should freedom of expression be limitless in an advanced society ? 
  my gut says yes , but i do n't want nazis on my streets , i do n't want the westboro church picketing funerals in my town . 
  i know you have to take the bad with the good , but i 'm willing to seach for a solution that gives us the best ratio . 
  usually i do n't have problems with ad supported software ( used opera for a long time before buying it ) , but inserting their ads into my content and going from completely free to ad supported pisses me off . 
  i live in a country that spent half a decade in a bloody war that got started over word . 
  local politicians riled up the ( well armed ) minorities and spread fear and lies . 
  made them scared for their lives . 
  very soon small verbal clashes became blockades and in the end a full blown conflict . 
   in the usa , politicians tried to amend the constitution 7 times since 1990 to forbid desecration of the flag . 
  fuck that . 
  i agree , fuck that , but what about spreading hate , inciting violence ? 
  you presume people are rational and smart , but just look at the average fox news viewer . 
  imagine if they advocated violence against the governments tyranny ? 
  some parts of the constitution even give them that right , no ? 
  i saw her in playboy when i was a kid , still have that edition somewhere . 
   i 'm not really sure whether this is good or bad ( seems pretty good , huh ? ) . 
  seems good , even if i would push it a little more . 
   even if allowing people to incite violence makes a half a decade of bloody war , destroying many lives in the process , our principles and integrity would survive . 
  having spent the first five years of my life in an air shelter , i ca n't agree with that . 
  they used to be very straight forward . 
  [ catholic schoolgirls rule ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=baswltxeqma ), 
  in the class she 's taking notes, 
  just how deep deep is my throat, 
  mother mary do n't you know, 
  she 's got eyes like marylin monroe, 
  catholic school girls rule ... 
  from the cross she 's raised her head, 
  this is what the sister said, 
  give no love until you 're wed, 
  live no life until you 're dead, 
  the good books says we must suppress, 
  the good books says we must confess, 
  but who cares what the good books says, 
  cause now she 's taking off her dress, 
  catholic school girls rule ... 
  lead us into temptation, 
  we are pure divine creation, 
  talkin ' about my generation, 
  injected with the seed of emaculation, 
  catholic !, 
  one balkan country won in the last 20 years . 
  i use it when i 'm writing , lyrics can distract me too much . 
  hey europeans , what this means for us :, 
  we 'll have to stay awake the same amount of time to download a freshly uploaded episode . 
  i do n't get it . 
  there , i said it . 
  i 'm dumb . 
  i [ got downvoted ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/h6q0e/the_lord_of_the_rings_trilogy_to_be_rereleased_in/c1t1lf0 ) last week for not liking them . 
  is the avatar hype still going on ? 
  because i hate that movie , and despise it even more because of the rabid fanbase that hyped it into the best movie of all time . 
  around the time it got out it was universally praised and you could easily get downvoted even on reddit for not loving it . 
  only months later it became evident that the movie is n't that good . 
  i see you have n't been to gizmodo recently . 
  sad :(, 
  croat here . 
  ** our ** reactor . 
  our reactor . 
  ok , that 's settled . 
  next up , gulf of piran . 
  thanks for fucking up the desktop version , trillian . 
  as a big fan of days of future past , i 'll take a listen . 
  by your powers combined , i am ... captain america !, 
  sure it is . 
  eastern europe says hi . 
  i have zero idea where to start . 
   neighbors , nobody loves you like we do . 
  nobody loves you like he loves you , but that might be fit for another situation . 
  that is the angriest song that exists . 
  ok , you like radiohead , i get it , but comparing them to the beatles is seriously too much . 
  how tough would it be to hook up an xbox on such a projector ?
