  shit . 
  it 's funny how ever since vista and 7 i have n't seen a bsod . 
  modern warfare is one of the best episodes in tv , not only in community . 
  season one chang was perfect . 
  hahahahahahahaha !, 
  so funny !, 
  i 'll allow it . 
  how did they make such a hoax ? 
  i mean , newspapers report on huge buildings being built , people notice cranes and bulldozers , a lot of people work at these kind of places . 
   indian winning the cricket wc and new zealand winning the rugby wc, 
  not to diss on the fine people playing these two sports , but they 're not exactly globally important . 
  unless you were at one point colonised by the british . 
  anything not us related . 
  it 's pretty simple actually . 
  being that most of reddit is for us related stuff it would be fair of our us friends to leave a small part of it for the rest of us . 
  so it is politely written in the sidebar :, 
   please consider / r/politics for domestic us politics, 
  half of your title is redundant . 
  http://www.reddit.com/r/coversongs/ already has a couple of thousands . 
  this is boring as hell . 
  then proceed acting like an ass and use * all * of reddit for us exclusive content , and do n't give us a tiny slice . 
  that 's why i said global . 
  compare it with football , which is a big deal on every continent . 
  cricket is n't even the most popular sport in most of the participating countries . 
  i agree that it is news , but not a massive event in the same space as fukushima and the arab spring . 
   so powerful , they convince us to blatantly ( to the outside world ) work against our own interests . 
  remember that you do n't have the same interests as everyone else . 
  that 's why any potentional uprising would be a civil war . 
  did n't you hear ? 
  everything east from berlin is a savage wasteland . 
  i heard people asking me if we have electricity the whole day and if my tv is in color . 
  bitch , i have iptv and a big ass lcd . 
  did he edit his comment ? 
  because what i see are n't insults . 
  if you stretch out the definition wide enough ... 
  so you would be gay ? 
  hvala . 
   clerical error, 
  everything on reddit is religions fault in some way . 
  i like you christopher walken . 
  i was very angry when i read this . 
  then i got more angrier when i saw it was in worldpolitics . 
  dan harmon knows his shit . 
  i have this version favorited on youtube . 
   we also have a culture of debt in america , does that exist to such an extent in nz ? 
  not from nz , but in a lot of countries owning your own home is the norm and people pay it up for 30 years . 
  so it 's not gadgets and tvs , but a place to live . 
  are you [ canadian ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vtpgd4huk4w ) , op ? 
  [ people like coldplay and voted for the nazis . 
  you ca n't trust people , raerth ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=93wrq8ht_wa ) . 
  i 'm very glad we have a great potential discussion on the subreddit frontpage . 
  but you op are living a lie . 
  daydream nation is sonic youth 's magnum opus . 
  their most accesible album that did n't sacrifice the beautiful guitar work and embraced the noise without being difficult to listen to . 
  that 's the reason i think highly of rather ripped as well . 
  click on those threads . 
  most of the comments are just circlejerking how great it is , and way down you can see people who hated it , with minus karma . 
  croatian currency has coins of different sizes and the bills have a small square that has a different texture depending on the value . 
  interesting and mostly correct . 
  i 'd like to comment on some parts . 
   at any rate , kosor 's more hardline stance on corruption would blow up in her face as prosecutors started unearthing pretty stinging corruption cases against senior hdz members -- especially ivo sanader . 
  kosor was an enabler and she did n't lose because of the global financial situation , she lost because she was a willing part of hdz 's corruption machine . 
   originally known as the ` alliance for change ' , it adopted the wonderful name ( really , they ought to get a prize for being so original ) kukuriku coalition -- named after the restaurant where they first met in 2009 and which literally means ` cock-a-doodle-doo ' ( in french , cocorico ) . 
  that was a pr disaster that they had to run with . 
  one journalist called it the `` kukuriku coalition '' and people went with it , making the official name practically unknown . 
  the coalition embraced the situation , passed the embaressment and went with kukuriku . 
   apparently the government ca n't be bothered to give us the national results, 
  they 're available on [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/croatian_parliamentary_election,_2011 ) with the national elections committee being the source . 
   the sdp and hns probably lost some voters to lesar 's new labourist party , which i 'd love to find out more about and understand the reasons behind their success . 
  lesar is a long time social populist , having workers and social rights as his main platform . 
  only recently did he organize his own party , but his policies are well known for a long time . 
  he was the choice for left wingers who did n't want to choose kukuriku . 
   milanovi\u0107 does not seem to be a top fan of european integration, 
  he spent years working in european institutions so i doubt that . 
  this is the first i 've heard about this . 
   kukuriku 's support was concentrated in zagreb , northern croatia and most of northern croatia . 
  and cities . 
  kukuriku got 35 of 39 largest cities . 
  it 's just the way i am and i ca n't help myself . 
  well not if you 're black . 
  fema does n't care about black people . 
  i 'm sorry , i could n't pass the first one . 
  homeland or community ? 
  such a difficult choice i stopped right there . 
  because they 're the same thing ? 
  i had the priviledge to use the n9 . 
  beautiful phone in every way . 
  so they could find more pics ? 
   paving the way for a europe-wise sales ban on basically all ios devices, 
  ** paving ** . 
  coldplay is rock ? 
  also , where are pj harvey , arctic monkeys , the dirtbombs , even beastie boys ? 
  it 's almost as if it 's better he dies . 
  artisically i mean . 
  not for christmas , but for st. nicholas day , which was a couple of days ago . 
  you put a shoe in your windows and if you 're good you get candy . 
  if you 're bad you get a stick ( to be beaten with ) , piece of coal or as my parents used to threaten , a piece of shit . 
  it only dawned on me a few years ago that not everyone knows about krampus . 
  it 's normal stuff here in croatia . 
   horology,
