  christmas - we decorate a tree while and the house and eat . 
  easter - we clean the house up and eat . 
  wedding - we dress in nice clothes , eat and get drunk . 
  confirmation - oh i loved this one . 
  spend an hour in church and get a kick ass best man out of it . 
  after that eat and drink . 
  when i say * we * i mean family . 
  raised christian but now i 'm an atheist and just ignore the religious side of these things and consider them family tradition . 
  i did n't know wil knew xzibit . 
  it looks like welsh . 
  i was asked that in an interview once . 
  since they seemed like normal people i was n't even expecting a stupid question like that so i was n't really prepared , but i was getting ready to crap something like `` i can be lazy if i 'm not given motivation but i always get things done in time '' ( which is actually the truth ) , but then my future boss just laughed and said he was kidding . 
  dodged a bullet there . 
  try southeast europe . 
   i kept really busy this last week . 
  exercise , work , side project ( an android game ) , catching up on the tv show weeds . 
  essentially , i was doing stuff that would keep my mind away from the thoughts that creep in your head . 
  `` was that my soulmate ? 
  '' , `` i 'll never get a girl like that again ? 
  '' , `` was it something i did ? '' . 
  this is me . 
  everything is the same except exercise ( i 'm waiting for sunny days to ride the bike ) . 
  weeds , android , work , the questions ... 
  yet it does n't work . 
  it 's been two months and i ca n't get it out of my head . 
  we 're both specific and maybe weird people and we shared a lot of obscure stuff we both liked and were the only people we knew that liked it . 
  so when i open my favorite news site , play my favorite band , watch my favorite tv show or just use the fucking chair she loved and i hated it all comes back ... 
   `` was that my soulmate ? 
  '' , `` i 'll never get a girl like that again ? '', 
  this i get the most because i honestly think this might be the case . 
  not a big believer in soulmates , but this was a extreme level of compatibility between us that sometimes went into the extreme/weird . 
  essentially , we broke up because she has feelings issues . 
  everything else was great . 
  i 'm not sure how many redditors had the chance to be in homes that are decorated in the original style with most things being centuries old ... 
  so i 'm just gon na say that this reeks of `` new money '' ( i 'd say nouveau riche but then i 'd sound like a snob ) and a desperate attempt to copy something noble and old , but looking like a jackass in the process . 
  it 's probably just a video of non discriminate bombing or in an extreme case troops firing intentionally into civilians , like the video where the soldier shoots at the wounded guy that was `` pretending to be dead '' . 
  nothing too shocking , probably just some mentions on the mainstream media , but that 's it . 
  if they 're smart , they should team up with someone like the guardian who might be sympathetic to their cause . 
  internet media does n't get the attention it deserves . 
  they could be the ugliest , most vile douchbags , but under that suit they are the coolest people alive . 
  i do n't think so . 
  she has problems with feeling all her life , and not just romantic ones , with her parents and friends too . 
  thanks for the advice . 
  i 'm feeling bad because you were in a much more serious relationship than me , but i guess the same rules apply . 
  500 + thread incoming . 
  edit : well i was n't right , but still half of the thread is kurt bashing and the other half is praising . 
  most redditors are from the us and most live in apartments . 
  unless you think that french 18th century decoration is common in the us , i do n't think many redditors were in houses decorated like that . 
  there were computer , music players and smartphones before imacs , ipods and iphones , so no . 
  they 're not . 
  their primary objective is to publish and maybe analyse for details documents , videos and other files , not investigate them . 
  personally , i do n't see them as a media or investigation site , but rather a site with content that should be investigated by the media , and brought to wider masses . 
  then live in your cocoon and do n't give a shit . 
  some of us like to be informed , if anything else for the sense that you know something about an event that does n't have anything to do with you , so you have no interest in the story , except a quest for knowledge . 
  if anything , cod4 is an anti-war game . 
  ok , minus the whole kill everything that moves , and on the surface it really is just a classic fps , but i felt something more under the surface . 
  i mean ... you die a gruesome death in a nuclear explosion . 
  the good guys torture and execute an enemy . 
  you silently crawl through an abandoned ghost town with troops and armored vehicles slowling passing above you . 
  it 's like a normal fps but with a message silently stuck through the back door . 
   the white stripes - elephant, 
  the sound was just more refined on it , but it still had dirty garage/blues songs . 
   californication - red hot chili peppers, 
  depends on the perception . 
  to some it was the `` sell out '' point , since they practically abandoned funk influences on it . 
  personally , after bssm , this is my favourite rhcp album and even though it 's pretty standard and does n't wander off the alt rock way , it 's a sign of maturity for the band . 
  oh look , another `` i do n't use facebook therefore i 'm better than everyone '' thread . 
  if i only read reddit it look like facebook is dead with the demographic that is actually their largest . 
  yes , i proudly use facebook . 
  it lets me stay in touch with people i would n't usually . 
  a girl i saw a couple of times at parties posted a video of a band i like and most people do n't know about . 
  i commented and we frequently commented on each other 's stuff . 
  now i have one friend more . 
  a former teacher asked over a status if anybody knows someone for some light windows admin and installing printers . 
  i answered and got some cash . 
  you can easily filter everything you do n't want to see , making my facebook news feed a playground , just looking at what other kids are doing and maybe joining some of them for a game . 
  another good point is that i can stay in touch with people that do n't usually use computers , link something funny online to someone that does n't use im , talk to someone who barely knows what a `` webmail '' is , but was forced by the huge amount of peers using it to learn it themselves . 
  myspace was never popular where i live and it 's really messy , twitter is a 140 character circlejerk ( but i run a corporate one ) and other social networks are n't popular enough with my friends . 
  i 'm not sure there is a war . 
  many are threatening the mobile market but arm is holding it firmly , while their invasion onto servers and other machines is going very slow . 
  i 'm not sure it 's over by a long shot . 
  or in 5 or 10 . 
  despite the problems it had ( and losing at least a billion dollars over it ) it is making money and is very succesful on the market . 
  if we count indirect gains , it is a huge advantage for microsoft , at least towards the average consumer . 
  and mythbusters . 
  most of their methodology is flawed and hardly scientific . 
  that 's why they call it pop sci . 
  if we go by your logic , why should you give a shit for anything that does n't directly concern you ? 
   the first group of people shot clearly were combatants , and small arms fire was being heard in the area . 
  people say they were armed ( although i did n't see that ) and they acted casually , walking slowly on a wide street near the us forces . 
  they did n't act as combatants in any way . 
  even if they did have weapons , they did n't show any attempt to use them and being that there were about 15 of them and two `` weapons '' , they did n't show any threatening behaviour . 
  might as well be a neighbourhood militia , or just a group of people guarded by two armed members . 
  it turned out to be journalists and civilians . 
  great movie . 
  watched it months ago , but i still remember the most important things . 
  my problems with the movie are :, 
  - shakycam trying to get some `` documentary feeling '' that annoys me , even in the thick of it, 
  - fast jumps between situations , lots of names and ideas that are not spoken but are thought to be obvious, 
  - like a big anecdote .
