  samo da to hdz ne vodi . 
  naravno , ali anti-drkad\u017eije ne daju . 
  there are two lcd soundsystem gigs , one needs an invite/ticket , the other is free for festivalgoers . 
  sorry , sold already . 
  sorry , sold already . 
  sorry , sold already . 
  actually had a black friend visit recently . 
  a lot of people never talked to an american or black person so you might hear dumb questions and stereotypes , but that 's just us being weird , not racist . 
  you 'll be fine . 
  edit : panju, 
  battery life was the main reason i bought a sony z3 compact , but i 'm not sure how long i 'll be able to find a phone like that , since z5c already has a lower battery life . 
  - normal size, 
  - good performance, 
  - good battery, 
  we have hundreds of different smartphones with too many features to count , but i have to sacrifice almost everything else just for these three features . 
  it 's almost as if there are other reasons for that and nobel prizes are n't given on a statiatical basis . 
  filozofija + sociologija = glad . 
  ad hominem ( latin for `` to the man '' or `` to the person '' [ 1 ] ) , short for argumentum ad hominem , is a logical fallacy in which an argument is rebutted by attacking the character , motive , or other attribute of the person making the argument , ** or persons associated with the argument , rather than attacking the substance of the argument itself . 
  hvala kolindi \u0161to ga je u\u010dinila relevantnim . 
  not sure hailo works with non spanish numbers . 
  croatia has constant tourist growth that only recently hit 1989 numbers so both got and eu are n't massive factors . 
  just got back from my third trip to barcelona , probably my last . 
  razo\u010daran sam koli\u010dinom pederu\u0161a u threadu . 
  lol, 
  almost always , yes . 
  is it ? 
  it 's verified . 
  i 'll remove it, 
  samo da se na\u0111e neki loophole . 
  \u0160ok . 
   koji je to interes ? 
  smiri se . 
  the main thing everyone forgets is that reddit does n't mod/own subreddits , their moderators do . 
  a lot of people got lucky and opened the right subreddits early enough and it 's up to readers to choose which ones will be part of their reddit experience . 
  i 'm glad i chose mine well and / r/news is not among them . 
  mmmm ... 
  europeans get enough earthquakes , thank you very much . 
  dubrovnik in particular is in a very earthquake prone area . 
   there 's not really much farmland in croatia , so they have to import vegetables , so they 're not very common in most meals we had . 
  we * do * have a lot of farmland , but vegetables are n't a big part of the normal tourist menu . 
  slavonia strong, 
  this is completely political . 
  one fraction of the fans is rioting against the leadership of the national team and their fight is to get as many fines as they can for our side . 
  assholes . 
  gold . 
  while they do have a point and the info is generally correct , mamic is n't a gangster that kills people and he 's really not all-powerful . 
  he is connected to the right wing government ( that is expected to resign on monday ) but his power is limited to the football world , and he can influence the political status quo that guarantees his further rule . 
  nb : a majority of the population would say that the analysis is correct , but there 's a significant number of people who do n't believe that it 's true . 
  centos 7 on servers , ubuntu on desktop . 
  the unfair contracts part is true , but it 's legally enforceable and there 's no solid proof of the part about violence and player 's families being in danger . 
  keep in mind that most if not all croatian football fans are very much against mami\u0107 and that will reflect any coverage you see about him on reddit . 
  there has been enough facts but you have to find them yourself , as woth any other political decision . 
  as an outsider , i believe most of them point out that brexit would be a collosal geopolitical , economical and political mistake for the uk . 
  a generational error fueled by the media and internal fights in the conservative party . 
  da li je to fer ili ne , je druga stvar . 
  damn right it is !, 
  i 'll make a post about all the awesome local bands one of these days . 
  also the scientific , music and other elites . 
  the british parliament has to confirm this referendum as well . 
  it 's not binding . 
  to se do sad nije radilo ? 
  there 's a good tv show about it and a novel . 
  there 's a solid what if book about it . 
   assuming a median pay of 80,000 per year, 
  an it person in prague would make around a quarter of that per year . 
  and yet kosovo is very poor and your reasoning is ignoring a few centuries of history . 
  originally by supernova , covered by the vandals . 
  ca n't find the lyrics anywhere , so if anyone has any idea let me know . 
  kosovo was socialist from 1945 to 1991 and had long periods of self rule and yet it never at any times was n't one of the poorest places in the balkans . 
  the point is that between those years kosovo practiced worker 's self management , meaning that any profits would make kosovo rich . 
  and yet it did n't . 
  what 's that gun thingy ? 
  for how long would that battery power the pi ? 
  as i understand it , a lot of money related traditions around weddings are based in older customs where people would find various reasons to help out the young couple with money . 
  so that 's ok . 
  you are now subscribed to svetac facts !, 
  i da i ne . 
  jako dobra serija , meni u all time top 5 . 
  link please ? 
   novi list, 
   i 'm shocked by anyone who does n't consider los angeles to be anything less than a bozo-saturated hellhole . 
  it is pretty much without question the worst city in america . 
  the reason `` walking in l.a. '' by missing persons was the most accidentally prescient single of 1982 was because of its unfathomable ( but wholly accurate ) specificity : los angeles is the only city in the world where the process of walking on the sidewalk could somehow be a ) political and b ) humiliating . 
  it is the only community i 've ever visited where absolutely everything cliche proved to be completely accurate . 
   i do n't care if 85 % of los angeles is stupid . 
  i can deal with stupid . 
  my problem is that every stupid person in los angeles is also a ) unyieldingly narcissistic and b ) unyieldingly nice . 
  they have somehow managed to combine raging megalomania with genuine friendliness, 
  this is 50 % of the reason why i do n't play mobile games . 
  mehanika igre i fight su naporni ali ostatak to nadokna\u0111uje . 
  most places will but they might be liberal with the exchange rate . 
  take kunas if you wan na be safe . 
  war is n't hell . 
  war is war and hell is hell and of the two war is worse . 
  everything pre-currents is my kind of music and i listen to tame impala because of it , but i understand and like currents , it 's a natural progression for them , looking at the trends in indie music currently . 
   tiem je good guy, 
  business nije politika . 
  any tips on the painting process ? 
  australian for beer . 
  love your twitter , asa .
