  here'a a list of last words by people executed in texas . 
  maemo / meego is n't dead , it 's just being used for a small number of phones . 
  depends on what definition they use . 
  i love how everyone is talking about the sites like they are people . 
  i frequent both sites , does that mean i hate myself ? 
  are we still talking about the cat ? 
  [ dutch army ads ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ohzkrduin04&amp;feature=related ) are awesome . 
  there 's a load of them in related videos . 
  i 'm afraid of heights . 
  i fucking hate it . 
  despite being safer than most of western europe ... 
  or choose a region that the gamer would understand after five hours , not one of the complicated conflicts in recent history . 
  no , not really . 
  is it that hard to believe that we do n't have much crime ? 
  if only we had a guy that verifies dick pictures ... 
  oh wait , [ we do !, 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/9k8k4/the_30th_element_is_that_guy_who_looks_at_dicks/ ), 
  bitch hunter !, 
  i liked that movie . 
  not sure if i should say this out loud . 
  the solution is n't to abolish all patents . 
  how come nobody wants a solution on the middle ground , that could satisfy both sides ? 
  while we 're making a distinction ... 
  in the uk it 's 100 000 signatures and the petition gets discussed in parliament . 
  i 'm sorry for him , i had the chance to get fucked up like that a dozen times . 
  but i did n't , because if i see the pit is too much for me i get back . 
  i 've been doing it since the usenet days , mostly for attribution and acknowledging that it was found on the same site ( or related usenet group ) . 
  i spent hours finding battersea power station when i visited london for a brief time . 
  got lost , got too far with the tube , walked a shitload , just to take a shitty pic of it . 
  happy i did it . 
   i for one , think this is great to make it easier for big business to talk to government . 
  of course it is . 
  but do we want that ? 
  do you think it 's a good idea to make a direct privileged line for lobbying ? 
  not sure about that , if you do n't like starcraft or warcraft the rts market is dull and empty . 
  in 2011 i 'm playing rise of nations and company of heroes . 
  onstar has a legal obligation to give the data they have about users to the feds if asked . 
  that 's just awesome . 
  i never even thought about writing to authors , but i would freeze out of excitement if someone like chuck would write back and even be cool about it . 
  now that we 're on the subject . 
  where did you find his address ? 
  facebook has an automated link to download all of your data , for anyone not feeling like an asshole today . 
  it was n't a joke . 
   the paper manages to create a bubble that distorts the realities of what is going on in the uk . 
  something like reddit . 
  issues that most us redditors say are the most pressing a lot of time do n't have anything to do with the real world . 
  atr is fucking awesome . 
  i interviewed alec and cx some time ago and both turned out to be very cool and smart . 
  especially alec . 
  i found a lot on what.cd , if you have an account . 
  looking for the lyrics to this song , too . 
  the bigger point is explaining to people what torrents are , where to find them , what size to download , what seeders are , why they do n't want a cam , how to install the proper software ... 
  instead i can just point them to a single url and be done with it . 
  jailbait , along with other worse subreddits is in a way just a test of how far does free speech go on reddit . 
  violentacrez even said that he makes a lot of them just to see how far he can go . 
  that said i wish it were n't here , but since i 'm not subscribed to that subreddit it may as well be on another site . 
  i do n't see it , i do n't hear about it often . 
  i 'd be more interested how this exposure influences on new subscribers to reddit and r/jailbait . 
  edit : also , how will advanced publications react ? 
  do n't be fatuous , jeffrey . 
  out of [ 37 ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tpqqh4h_suq ) , right ? 
  both scottish , and if i 'm not mistaken bank of scotland does their money . 
  this question is from one of the best episodes of west wing , isaac and ishmael , made after 9/11 . 
  [ youtube link ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vatpkqtgzh4 ), 
  bark but no bite . 
  iran does n't have the capacity to pull off something like that at the moment . 
  maybe in 5 years . 
  he said from morocco to india . 
  i guess it does n't include india , right ? 
  i hate this thread . 
  hundreds of comments about her camera , about how she looks with the hat , about not taking her seriously . 
  is a fucking hat something you measure people 's worth ? 
  she does n't look like the `` dirty hippy '' you people say are dominating this protest , this is the way normal young people dress for fuck sakes . 
  fuck anyone making assumptions about the girl from a single picture . 
  is that freaking bob mould ? 
  is ... is this real life ? 
  post this to [ r/community ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/community ) . 
  trust me on this one . 
  crank , anyone ? 
  it was practically gta : the movie . 
  covering pink floyd must be the worst task in music . 
  these guys made it work okay . 
  that won a silver medal in the 1992 olympics . 
  we lost against one of the best basketball teams ever assembled , the us dream team . 
  basketball used to be a national sport almost on par with football . 
  today we are a top 10 fifa team , but barely 19th on fiba 's list . 
  so you are saying that the recent invasion of iraq ( with up to 300 000 dead civilians and no end in sight ) is the same as bombing it ? 
  in somalia us troops acted with other un forces , 18 soldiers were killed . 
  it lasted less than two months . 
  attacks on serbian military targets in bosnia cost zero us lives , and was under nato command . 
  it forced milosevic to sign the dayton agreement and accept peace in the country which is still based on that agreement . 
  ground troops were n't in conflict . 
  bombing kosovo and serbia ( and montenegro ) cost zero us combat deaths , lasted less than a hundred days and forced milosevic to withdraw his army and allow peacekeepers under un jurisdiction into kosovo . 
  the same milosevic who ordered 8000 dead in srebrenica in one of the four wars he started . 
  ground troops were n't in conflict . 
  and now , pick any other recent us war , afghanistan with almost 10 years of fighting , or iraq with 4000 dead , both accomplishing very little . 
  there 's a difference between two wars . 
  and serbian forces in bosnia . 
  it had a low budget if you count the money it made and the stars it had , but it was certainly not `` very low budget '' . 
  look at lock , stock and two smoking barrels .
