  a nuclear bomb is a massive geopolitical event that changes the world in a second and takes hundreds of thousands of lives in a moment . 
  a thing like the iraq war happens over a big amount of time and still does n't take as many victims . 
  that 's the reason why there were people supporting it , the us is in a constant war since 1939 and there 's a reason it could be considered just . 
  but detonating a nuclear bomb is a game changer in human history . 
  there was a great article comparing new york and madrid subway costs but i ca n't find it . 
  it 's there somewhere so if someone has the link it would be swell . 
  two moments in cod4 were strong . 
  crawling through pripyat made me fearing for my character for the first time . 
  tanks around me , limited viewpoint , sounds of soldiers walking nearby ... 
  i had to pause a game for a second . 
  the other moment was [ the nuke which kinda came out of thin air . 
  i did n't expect it , a major character dying was a shock to me . 
  cod is full of cinematic moments and there 's not a more commercial game around , but that moment was strongly antiwar , something you do n't expect from a bestselling fps these days . 
  ] ( / spoiler ), 
  it exists . 
  it 's called lists and you can use them to hide stuff or just better organize your newsfeed . 
  you have n't been paying attention then . 
  a drop bear you say ... 
  sarah lund . 
  also think about this guy when you think about peacekeepers . 
  un made plently of fuck ups that cost a lot of lives , but qualified peacekeepers with enough authority could do stuff like colonel gray did . 
  he did the right thing even without authority . 
  how do you think north korea got the bomb ? 
  aq khan got hungry . 
  just out of curiosity , how much does maple syrup cost in us and canada ? 
  it 's insanely expensive in some parts of europe . 
  but their goal is just all of the books . 
  yes !, 
  thank you . 
  war is n't just war . 
  obama is using special forces and drones to do things previous presidents would send massive ground troops . 
  the powell doctrine is dead and overwhelming force is n't the solution anymore . 
   it also has the two most international cities in the world , amsterdam and ** zaandam **, 
  could you expand on that ? 
  zaandam 's wikipedia page does n't have any details . 
  maybe formally , but most americans are german and irish , not english . 
  [ source ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ancestry_of_the_people_of_the_united_states ), 
  get in the eu and play with others or swim away to the us . 
  i thought i was in / r/vxjunkies for a moment there . 
  [ izvor ] ( https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=138672589627316&amp;set=a.120302278131014.21956.120071791487396&amp;type=1&amp;ref=nf ), 
  italy : making a lot of countries feel good . 
  svr\u0160 !, 
  as a tech journalist , this is a sad day for me . 
  if it was posted three or more times on this subreddit , then it 's popular . 
  small magazine in europe . 
  i do n't see how any ending could satisfy long time viewers . 
  there'a a redditor that 's an expert in roman sexuality . 
  she usually hangs out in / r/askhistorians and i hope she sees this . 
  i do n't get how 7 hours passed and the image is still there . 
  it took me a couple of minutes to realize this is n't some kind of a spoof poster . 
  never heard of uncle ruckus before . 
  c&c was the reason i got a computer years ago . 
  all i wanted was to harvest some tiberium , crush nod and watch the sequences between the missions . 
  that stuff was the best thing i ever saw and i made a whole c&c universe in my head . 
  eventually i used my computers for more than just playing , but buying every new game from the series was my priority . 
  eventually i learned between games and today i make a living by ( among other thing ) writing about technology . 
  there are infinite ways i could have gotten to where i am now , but c&c was mine . 
  for that i am eternally grateful to westwood studios . 
  serious nostalgia attack . 
  i have those on vhs . 
  whoever does n't think war is hell should get a slap on the face , not a video to watch . 
  the raveonettes . 
  nb : every embassy everywhere usually has a cop outside . 
  it 's the duty of the host country to protect the embassy . 
  that seal was ronald reagan . 
  that 's a pretty big rc plane they 've got there . 
  i ca n't get you strict numbers but i can help . 
  it greatly depends on a lot of things so two bands with the same level of popularity can earn a different amount of money . 
  here 's a recent quote from grizzy bear :, 
   grizzly bear tours for the bulk of its income , like most bands ; licensing a song might provide each member with `` a nice little ` yay , i do n't have to pay rent for two months . ' '' they do n't all have health insurance . 
  droste 's covered via his husband , chad , an interior designer ; they live in the same 450-square-foot williamsburg apartment he occupied before yellow house . 
  when the band tours , it can afford a bus , an extra keyboard player , and sound and lighting engineers . 
  ( that u2 tour had a wardrobe manager . ), 
  after covering expenses like recording , publicity , and all the other machinery of a successful act ( `` agents , lawyers , tour managers , the merch girl , the venues take a merch cut ; ticketmaster takes their cut ; the manager gets a percentage ; publishers get a percentage '' ) , grizzly bear 's members bring home ... well , they 'd rather not get into it . 
  `` i just think it 's inappropriate , '' says droste . 
  `` obviously we 're surviving . 
  some of us have health insurance , some of us do n't , we basically all live in the same places , no one 's renting private jets . 
  come to your own conclusions . '', 
  smaller bands practically live on merch and touring and most of them have enough money to have a decent living but sacrifice it by being on the road or in the studio , or having a side job . 
  i 'm sorry for not being scientific , but if i had to put it in a ballpark i would say a bit above us average , so that 's about 35k usd/y . 
  i 'm a music journalist so i talk to a lot of bands and most of the mid-popularity ones like those mentioned in this thread are normal people and not much richer than the average person who pays money to see them . 
  a certain band ( 250k listeners on last.fm ) told me they bankrupted inbetween two fairly popular albums and were late on rent when the label check came . 
  it was 50 dollars more than their rent cost . 
  super logika . 
  [ povezani tv tropes ] ( http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/main/letsseeyoudobetter ) . 
   i kako god okrenes , placaju ga za to . 
  some people went so far as to call in the best show in 2012 , which i find ... absurd . 
  the acting is sub par , the story completely unrealistic and dumb , storytelling and relationships between characters are soap opera level . 
  a few characters were cool and a couple of storylines had some sense . 
  it was filmed really good and the island looks great . 
  beside that the show was a complete let down . 
  i wanted to love it but it just was n't good enough , it was n't smart . 
  because none of us was annoying as a child . 
  people grow up and change , not every kid on xbl will end up as a professional douchebag . 
  it 's vinyl plus cd plus dl . 
  the same 1 % that has the loudest voice so the 99 % could know . 
  i went to denmark and twice to sweden from zadar with ryanair so ask away . 
  goes to show how strong the jewish lobby is . 
  til . 
  i went to yahoo of course .
