  and i do n't know where i hinted at my racism , since i firmly believe that everybody is equal , but i believe that education ( the lack of it ) and bad culture can raise people into something wrong . 
  i 'll gladly say the same thing about ghetto culture with blacks in the us and chav culture with whites in the uk . 
  this is not a race issue , it 's an education issue that affects a race . 
  jep , we have a quality comic scene and macan is one of the best . 
  oh i just love people like you , you 'll hang onto my every word just to prove your point . 
  i did n't say all roma culture is bad , i enjoy their music for one , but i was talking about other aspects , again something you do n't know anything about . 
  i love the black keys as well , but the problem is n't that we 're elitist , but that the subreddit is really shallow . 
  i 'm not talking about music , but the discussions and posts that are almost exclusivly just karma grabbing and circlejerking . 
  the problem is that people will downvote you if you have a controversial opinion , which makes discussions difficult and lame . 
  oh , then we should just close this subreddit and thousand of sites that revolve around discussing music . 
  also , what are we gon na do with people ? 
  i like discussing music , so do my friends ... 
  i 'm gon na stop here just because i love pixies and my analogies are lame . 
  the `` y '' on my keyboard is broken so i keep a lowercase one in my clipboard . 
  i was too lazy finding the uppercase y to copy it . 
  this really * is * shittyadvice . 
  you did n't even say which way is it !, 
  he does , but i 'm not sure they 're in the same style as this one . 
  probably because the userbase is huge , so it 's not easy . 
  i know a couple of redditors ( which is extremely unusual considering there are about 30 active redditors in my country ) , but i knew them before so it does n't count . 
  time is on their side ? 
   i 've always felt a similar sort of allegiance to israel to the one i have for the u.s. 
  why ? 
  i can understand allegiance to the country you were born and live in , personally i think patriotism and nationalism are two of the biggest evils in the 20th and 21st centuries , but let 's say i get it . 
  but why israel ? 
  are you that religious and in touch with you roots ? 
  would you feel the same allegiance to a new country made by and for ... let 's say ... all the gingers of the world ? 
  well ... 
  the house is voting on a resolution about supporting a war between two countries . 
  that sounds pretty straightforward to me . 
  i do n't see where the problem is . 
  if you read the article you 'll see that it does n't go into fearmongering , just an analysis on where the us right stands here and what could happen . 
  also :, 
   war with iran will seem farfetched until it is a fait accompli . 
  for a comic that has `` cheer up '' in its name , it 's depressing . 
  it 's dual monitors , the wallpaper is from scott pilgrim on both . 
  opera is my main browser , chrome is in constant incognito mode for facebook and when friends come over . 
  foobar rules !, 
  i firmly believe in humanitarian intervention . 
  the problem is neither i nor the geniuses in charge know how to do it right . 
  oh how i raged . 
  made this one for reddit . 
  [ enjoy ] ( http://listen.grooveshark.com/#/playlist/rospaya+s+reddit+playlist/31089692 ) . 
  tldr ; fugazi , grinderman , bambi molesters , husker du , witchcraft , radio moscow , the thermals . 
  i imagine i would n't get laid even if i was famous . 
  i 'm waiting for someone to photoshop some busey on that pic . 
  about time he gets some recognition !, 
  yes . 
  it 's called the us army . 
  he said he has a couple of other accounts . 
   he gets drunk often . 
  that really narrows it down . 
  dave dederer from presidents of the usa did an ama . 
  being a failure in life , i went to three different high schools , two of which were populated almost exclusivly by boys . 
  you can say i went to an all boys school . 
  this experience makes me pretty much * the * authority on high schools . 
  pics or gt ... ah , fuck it . 
  arsenal / shakhtar dontsk fans would be pleased to know i had a strange encounter with eduardo da silva before he became famous . 
  [ nightclubs are hell , by charlie brooker ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/commentisfree/2007/aug/13/fashion.comment ), 
  i 'm sensing you do n't like nancy . 
  just a hunch though . 
  if you already have n't , watch everything on this channel : http://www.youtube.com/user/xthemusic, 
  her style of acting gets on my nerves , but she 's ok . 
  i guess i know what i 'm doing tonight . 
  as did armenia , azerbaijan , russia , georgia , kazakhstan , cyprus and turkey . 
  it has nothing to do with israel . 
  do n't get fooled , the eu is still the only big power critical to israel , even if some member states keep a low profile because of economic ties . 
  because of israel 's ties to europe , cooperation is n't anything unusual . 
  cool source bro . 
  what 's the point ? 
  this is n't spam , people are just submitting their sites . 
  the sites are shit , but most of them are n't even upvoted and have no comments , so i guess the community made the verdict on them . 
  same crap as engadget and gizmodo , with the difference that they write something witty and have a bigger profile . 
  newsflash , reddit is made for that . 
  in the beginning it did n't even have comments and got self posts later . 
  their shitty blogs * are * shitty , but not spam . 
  do you guys use a bottle , glass or a can ? 
  i 'm thinking too much water would get in the beer for this to be comfortable . 
  maybe on the outside , but inside we 're wondering what the hell is wrong with the us . 
  i do n't remember her having hair like that in the comic . 
  you are such a good person, 
  no it 's not . 
  reddit is made to share links and promote sites , however shitty their sites are , they are submitted to an appropriate subreddit and ( as i 've seen ) are mostly downvoted because they suck . 
  it 's not spam if the creators have no desire to participate in a community . 
  you are forgetting that this is a top 100 site which drives a lot of traffic to sites . 
  reddit 's primary purpouse is just that , the social aspects are second . 
  i could say the same thing to you , with your low karma . 
  but i wo n't because i see all redditors as equal and do n't segregate on karma , registration date or spelling . 
  i think you are naive , but i withdraw from this discussion . 
  last scene from hair . 
  if you do n't cry you 're dead inside . 
  god damnit , where is novelty account police ? 
  do n't flip my words . 
  i did n't say that . 
  every fucking day . 
  a denial a denial a denial a denial a denial a denial a denial a denial a denial a denial a denial a denial a denial a denial a denial a denial a denial a denial a denial a denial a denial a denial a denial a denial a denial a denial a denial, 
  i 'm not from the us , so i 'm wondering what 's the process to get a driver 's licence ? 
  how long does it take , how much does it cost ? 
  where i live it 's about 2000 dollars and 6 months . 
  i would be happy to say the same thing , but t-mobile hr does n't have a normal android phone to sell me .
