  thanks . 
  http://depressioncomix.tumblr.com/ is a whole series on depression . 
  i often send it to people so they could understand it better . 
  the black guy looked a bit like samuel jackson and i panicked , thinking it was some django unchained trailer i have n't seen yet . 
  despite that india - pakistan relations are getting gradually better because of deeper economic links between the two countries . 
  excuse me for sending you the mobile page , but check it out and report back on jackson . 
  insightful comment ortucis , thank you for your contribution . 
  he 's on [ on of the ] ( http://www.digitalspy.co.uk/movies/news/a431799/django-unchained-leonardo-dicaprio-jamie-foxx-new-character-banners.html ) posters . 
  current affairs . 
  i follow dozens of websites and other sources and can tell you what the current issues are in at least 30 countries . 
  that goes with knowing every capitol city on earth and knowing a shitload of other information about most countries . 
  the only exception to that is most of africa , which i 'm trying to correct . 
  tudman died of cancer . 
  great excuse for vukovar , dubrovnik , sarajevo and srebrenica , right ? 
  huh ? 
  that 's a shitload of money for a single song . 
  what phone do you have ? 
  verizon uses cdma which does n't work in europe , but some phones ( global phones ) support gsm for international use . 
  and even in that case the rates are too big . 
  my advice is to buy a quad band gsm phone for $ 20 or less and just pop in a pay as you go ( prepaid ) sim card in it once in europe . 
  what countries are you visiting ? 
  we are just in a bad phase between dominant business models . 
  the good thing is we 'll get a new way of making money . 
  the bad thing is nobody is sure what it will be and what it will sacrifice . 
  he used `` ethnic group '' to divide people who came here 300 years ago by descent . 
  i think we can safely say that three generations made them americans , not german-scandinavian-irish americans . 
  you know what the 15 % group he used is ? 
  german americans . 
  are you saying that they have the same socioeconomic status as african americans ? 
  that they are the ones differing from the wasp standard ? 
   `` in the year 2000 this solar water heater behind me , which is being dedicated today , will still be here supplying cheap , efficient energy ... . 
  a generation from now , this solar heater can either be a curiosity , a museum piece , an example of a road not taken or it can be just a small part of one of the greatest and most exciting adventures ever undertaken by the american people . '', 
  reagan tore it down . 
  i 'm waiting for someone to make an app that will make [ setlist.fm ] ( http://www.setlist.fm ) playlists for grooveshark . 
  i have to do it manually every time . 
  and buy it from iran and pakistan . 
  no it 's not . 
  people are starving to death so that scientists can be sent to schools in china and russia to make a space program like this . 
  when a quarter of your gdp is diverted to things like these it 's not a big miracle . 
  blame the misinformed viewers , not stone . 
  i loved the movie and still watch it from time to time because it is interesting and well made . 
  i know enough not to mistake it for fact . 
  wow . 
  it 's bullshit . 
  and then : sorry , but you almost left canada without getting your official hug . 
  god i love kate beaton . 
  dubrovnik is great , but it 's a tourist trap . 
  i disagree with his approach . 
  most of the places there are tourist traps and i do n't see the point of asking someone where to travel . 
  if you want to travel why do n't you have a goal and why do n't you know what you want to see ? 
  i 've seen a lot of places from his list , but asking someone where to go just seems dumb . 
  i saw it maybe twice in stores in croatia , but we do n't use bread like other countries . 
  we buy fresh bread in bakeries or fresh bread in stores , almost never in bags . 
  i 'm afraid this subreddit will only suffer because of the influx of new readers . 
  60k subscribers used to be big not long ago and even with strict moderation the quality is slipping a bit . 
  soon we 'll need to institute a no-nazi-week or something . 
  which your government paid and then dispersed the poison . 
  standard 3d movie pricing then ... 
  just dark side of the moon sold more copies than lady gaga , and beyonce combined . 
  dsotm sold half a million copies in 2011 , more than 30 years after it was released . 
  that 's the whole point . 
  they are starving because they are spending more than a quarter of their gdp on the military . 
  first three points are well based in reality and confirmed . 
  without them nobody would send them rice after threats or attacks . 
  i remember an old comment on reddit , one i ca n't find now , but it went something like this :, 
  the bizzare thing about california is n't that a former bodybuilder and actor became governor . 
  it 's that he 's the best guy for the job . 
   north korea , said the government , was the last bastion of uncorrupted communism in the world . 
  what about cuba ? 
  here 's some fresh ( er ) data from 2008. :, 
  - japan 11, 
  - switzerland 18, 
  - sweden 14, 
  - germany 171, 
  source : university of sydney , numbers are total gun homicides . 
  this song explains why i 'm leaving home to become a stewardess . 
  i hear it all the time over here in croatia . 
  people say `` oh all the storefronts have decorations and lights , there 's a big tree on every square and the coca cola ad is on tv - christmas is coming '' . 
  cultural ? 
  those kids are n't dumb because they 're black or latino , they have bad results because they are poor , and there 's a greater chance you are poor if you are black or latino . 
  did r/music turn into celeb news while i was n't looking ? 
  i do n't thing that 's a big enough factor , since all kids get picked on for being smart . 
  parents and teachers encourage it , but not peers . 
  give me one proof , just a single proof that it 's covert marketing , and not just redditors posting ... you know , liberal newspaper links . 
  you are talking out of your ass and people still upvoted you . 
  that 's a conspiracy . 
  it 's up : http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/14zzpp/iama_bob_mould/, 
  i 'm a huge h\u00fcsker d\u00fc fan and i 'm almost militant in defending zen arcade as the greatest record ever made . 
  although there are a thousand questions i 'd like to ask i 'll just focus on one ... 
  do you talk with greg and grant ? 
  do you ever hear from them ? 
  that one is killing me , mostly because it 's before my favorite song , flexible flyer . 
   you obviously do n't know how upvoting works . 
  and you are obviously basing this on a lot of facts . 
  or maybe you just do n't recognize humor . 
  considering your comprehension regarding the guardian , i do n't doubt it . 
  that gives me some hope for a reunion one day . 
  maybe . 
  no country will do anything that is n't in their interest . 
  the us is protecting those countries because it sees a profit in it , not because it 's a nice thing to do .
