  i do n't have anything to base this on except some extreme shit that came to my mind when i was a kid . 
  nothing illegal , abusive or in the family , but weird . 
  well i do n't think reddit would ever do this , we 're just a nice commu ... hm . 
  i think i know where to post this . 
  well it * is * sad , but that 's the way things work , and however badly adjusted or bad it may be , i never heard anyone crying over how cheap their clothes or computer is . 
  when the receiving part of the stick is at your front door , then it 's `` sad '' , as the parent commenter put it . 
  can someone more knowledgeable than me explain what 's the problem with putting the waste into a concrete block and burying it in the desert ? 
  i 'm guessing that the amount gathered over 50 or 70 years would n't need an enormous patch of land and more than a few cameras , fences and guards . 
  over that time some other technology would replace nuclear power or the problem with dumping the waste . 
  got an equivalent of $ 25 to snort some chalk in school . 
  would have done it for free if we had any girls in class . 
  and he thought the watch was an uncomfortable hunk of metal . 
  i 'm guessing typing * in google would n't hurt . 
  opera mini . 
  i used it on a phone with less than a megabyte of memory . 
  some would perhaps call you a moralfag . 
  i do n't know about others , but i work with mobile phones , and almost every one has a card . 
  the kebab place down the street opens up in four hours . 
  we should make a couchsurfing like subreddit . 
  i added you on last.fm even though your profile looks ... hipsterish . 
   hotels refuse to rent rooms to anyone under twenty-one . 
  what ? 
  that 's fucked up . 
  i 'd take a bullet before both . 
  this ama seals my decision not to visit the us . 
  getting fucked and harrased over a visa that i 'm gon na be denied , paying a fortune just to pass the ocean and then getting harrased by the tsa . 
  no thanks . 
  did you had to get a visa ? 
  because it 's a humiliating and degrading experience . 
  how many of you are using adblock ? 
  i hate flash from the bottom of my rotten soul . 
  but i 'd take freedom over nanny-like restrictions in my technology any day . 
  that 's the thing , i do n't think it 's a problem , i do n't drink much , but is it a sign of antisocial or depressing behaviour ? 
  i think i might be on the wrong subreddit . 
  i actually flinched and jumped a little from my chair . 
  damnit , i saw the movie a few too many times . 
  i do n't use adblock , only opera 's in-built blocker to block out stuff that is way over the top , and on sites that i ca n't replace with others . 
  i rather not visit them than play the `` holier than thou '' game . 
  i disagree on some of the things you wrote , but this is an excellent and well thought out comment , the kind we do n't see much on reddit or r/music for that matter . 
  thank you . 
  who who , who who ? 
  hair , empire of the sun , la vita e bella and i get a little teary on fight club . 
  what 's the crime rate like ? 
  i heard bad stuff about frequent muggings and attack on foreigners . 
   housing is currently in one of the biggest bubbles in the western world - on the order of 9x average ( household ! ), 
  income to purchase a house ( ie , unaffordable without an immense salary or downpayment ) . 
  could you expand on that ? 
  how much would an average apartment cost ? 
  monobrow in the making . 
  because of dipshits like her i was mostly ignored when i was 15-16 . 
  fortunately , someone thought my age did n't matter and i worked as a journalist ever since . 
  yup , i did n't get that , too . 
  also , * she * ? 
  i always thought it 's a guy . 
  i knew i saw that somewhere . 
  what do you think needs the most change in wikipedia ? 
  it 's a clusterfuck of pretentious hipsterfags and pretentious metalfags ripped with last.fm and lady gaga threads . 
  i do n't know why i like it . 
   i yell at her friends to stop taking pictures and help out, 
  oh this pisses me off . 
  people are getting so annoying with taking a picture every fucking minute and saying `` lolol how legendary , i 've ** got ** to put this on facebook '' . 
  fuck you . 
  enjoy things while they happen , not only on photos after that . 
  - two legs, 
  - pulse, 
  but seriously , smart and sense of humor is the most important . 
  my ex was extremely smart , had a great sense of humor , listened to great music , watched great shows and movies ... 
  but it 's not about that , it 's not about loving the same things , but being compatible . 
  i 'm aware of that , my friends often have more than one camera per person when we go out , but it 's annoying that people have the need to photograph every little fucking thing . 
  cool . 
  for people who are in the whole brevity thing . 
  hair , jesus christ superstar , cabaret . 
  nope , except the internet , only saw stewart on the international edition and some movies . 
  are you from belgium by any chance ? 
  because you have a lot of countries with a lot of different views and politics . 
  it will be decades before the eu gets a single foreign policy . 
  as a croat , i 'm not happy about that , but i understand it . 
  it goes both ways , the us is not the worlds good shepherd that does it because it 's good like that , but because it gets a lot in return . 
  oh look , it 's * this * thread again . 
  depressing . 
  boys and girls in america is the best album ever made . 
  that is all . 
  whoa , talk about skewed perception ... 
  skinny people ( note : not normal ) get some comments but 90 % of the time it 's a joke or just an observation . 
  fat people get full blown insults , people judging their life over it and that 's not counting the nasty looks . 
  people presume that it 's their own fault and that it 's just a sign of lazyness . 
  i 'm 6,3 '' and 260 lbs ( hope i converted that right ) , do n't have any health problems and can walk longer and swim faster than most people i know . 
  i get insulted all the time . 
  i listen to music almost every moment i 'm not with somebody . 
  on my computer when i 'm home , on grooveshark when i 'm on someone elses pc , on my zen when i 'm outside ... 
  i have a couple of albums on my phone in case the battery on my player runs out . 
  i used to skip the first couple of classes in the morning if my player was n't ready for at least 3 hours of listening . 
  going to concerts , writing about music , reading about music , talking about it ... 
  i do n't know if it 's because i 'm 20 , but it is an extremely important thing to me . 
  jolene by dolly parton , got it from the white stripes cover . 
  some songs by dusty springfield , lily allen , kraftwerk and the nostalgic 90s europop/techno . 
  millions of hipsters cried out in terror , knowing that nmh will become more popular ... and they all knew about them before they became popular !, 
  the horror !, 
  yep , that 's the reason i bought a laptop and xbox 360 . 
  i do n't have the time , money or nerves to constantly follow the latest tech fashion so that i can have a good computer .
