  nevermind . 
  thank you . 
  i was fruitlessly clicking on that pic for a minute before i realized . 
  not pretentious . 
  journalist ( it and music ) . 
  i mostly review stuff , from laptops and cellphones to concerts and albums . 
  freelancing at the moment since i go to college at the same time . 
  currently , being employed full time in journalism is n't that easy , unless you like grunt work . 
  the it part is a magazine where i 'm working for the last two years , another magazine before that , and another ... 
  i started out as a kid , writing for websites and making my own , and got spotted by an editor looking for a smartphone writer . 
  since then i did just took every good opportunity i got . 
  i do n't know how other markets work , but over here there 's always room for people who know their subject and do it well . 
  oh yes , that 's the best part . 
  i tried dozens of new products , prototypes and stuff that did n't even got to the market . 
  about 50 % of stuff i review does n't have a single review online at the moment i 'm testing it . 
  and an equal amount of doubt was cast on that `` fact '' . 
  [ source 1 ] ( http://www.wired.com/dangerroom/2010/06/no-the-military-didnt-just-discover-an-afghan-mineral-motherlode/#more-26006 ), 
  [ source 2 ] ( http://news.discovery.com/earth/why-lithium-cant-save-afghanistan.html ), 
   milk not in a bag, 
   not canadian, 
  [ ] ( / poker ), 
  it just looks hairy , ca n't really see scars . 
  edit : downvoted into oblivion just for an observation ? 
  thanks people . 
  i got lost ... bike or bicycle damnit ? 
  i was n't being funny , just mentioning that i ca n't see any scars on the photo and i 'm surprised that others them . 
  glad i 'm at -7 just for an observation . 
  and still lighter and smaller than firefox . 
  why ? 
  i 'm not with opera , but [ here 's mine ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ijpyt.jpg ), 
  i 've been using opera for years , since ver 7 on desktop , opera mobile for wm and symbian , opera mini since it was a project with some tv station ... 
  i 'm a big fan and wasted hours [ arguing ] ( http://www.xkcd.com/386/ ) for opera . 
  one thing i 'm kinda disappointed is how opera handles a lot of bookmarks . 
  i have thousands of them and using link is a bitch , not only on my phone , but on the website too . 
  bookmarks on my.opera.com always timeout . 
  where is the limit ? 
  am i really over the line ? 
  i 've been using opera longer than any software i know , with the exception of my os so i may be biased , but i do n't understand why a good reputation and good features are n't enough ? 
  what does ideology have to do with just a plain piece of software ? 
  let 's say opera is superior to every other browser and you do n't use it just because it 's closed source ( even though opera software has shown good ethics and supports the open web ) - that 's just ignorant . 
  i can understand that you trust some software you just first saw more because it 's open source , but opera is n't exactly unknown . 
  i know what open source is , what the ethics are and why people like it , but what i do n't understand is using it to label other software as somehow `` not good '' or `` less good '' . 
  using open source to measure how good some software is is bad and counterproductive . 
  if you want to extend the analogy , mozilla foundation makes more money than opera asa , and then tell me who is the chain and who 's the local business ? 
  a piece of software is n't good because it is open source , neither is it bad because of it . 
  feeling more comfortable because of this is naive and snobbish , something not to be proud of . 
  i have nothing against open source software , i use plenty of it and in some cases prefer it over closed source programs , but the hardcore ideology and fanboyism of the people propagating it is just too much . 
  i used opera and i know it 's a good piece of software , i am convinced it 's great . 
  and then i uninstall it and go use an inferior application because of my ideology . 
  replace opera with any other program if you want , the analogy stays the same . 
   at the same time , open sourcing the code creates a level of security . 
  and at the same time there are bad things about being open source , although i 'll agree that the advantages are bigger . 
   there are a lot of reasons to support open source . 
  apparently you 're just a bit ignorant on the subject . 
  i 'll take that as an insult , since you did n't get my point . 
  i use tabs as reminders ... 
  the first couple are about one thing i 'm doing ( and the deadline is in two days ) , the next 15 are about an assigment that should be done by the end of the week , the next 20 about something until the end of the month ... you get it . 
   i really think a lot of the rage that comes out of the middle east is because of lack of sex . 
  or the occupation , wars , dead civilians and western arogance ? 
  or ... you know ... lack of booty ? 
  i 've got blisters on my fingers !, 
  you made it clear that you base your decisions for using software on the fact whether its source is open or closed , something that does n't have direct influence on its quality . 
  that 's pretty close to `` gut feeling '' and is n't rational . 
  i 'd like to get back to the original argument . 
  op did n't even try opera out , and refused to give it a chance solely because of a single fact that does n't influence its performance or your opinion of it . 
  reminds me of the us republicans : `` i do n't care how good universal healthcare is for me , i stand by my principles '' . 
  i respect the oss ideology , but not following it blindly and ignoring good stuff along the way . 
  opera could be blowjobs and unicorns , but its authors prefer to keep their proprietary technologies ( that made opera that good ) to themselves - and that 's wrong ? 
  i 'd bet you 're from the balkans ... 
  fair enough . 
   the religious aspect of it gets a bit annoying at times though . 
  i very much agree . 
  i have n't watched simpsons in years ... 
  but my brain just forced me to read this in his voice . 
  the [ ad ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7dfqae1yoak ) before the video was actually good , even though i 've never heard of newcastle brown and do n't have the intention of buying it . 
  i reviewed the new kindle for a couple of weeks , during which i made a trip to london . 
  i fell in love with it and i 'm sure that it is the future . 
  although i love physical books , i like them on my shelf , i like to throw them around , i like to brag to my friends about them ... 
  but for reading and buying , using a kindle ( or other e-book reader ) is simple enough to change my habits . 
  not only for books , but the best thing is when i come across a big article or wikipedia page - i just download it or view on the kindle 's web browser and enjoy . 
  i 'd like the books to be cheaper and accesible in my language , but i 'm happy with what i 've got now . 
  on the other hand ... 
  tried windows phone 7 ? 
  that thing is great . 
  microsoft said `` we fucked up '' and started it all from the start . 
  even with the rrod fiasco , the xbox is profitable for two years now . 
  itt : irrational ms haters who never used wp7 . 
   no greentext, 
  i do n't know where you got 8 billion , ms lost one billion on the 360 rrod scandal . 
  and as i see it , the xbox is a great success : it is the most popular hd console , xbox live is leagues above competition and game sales are excellent . 
  they screwed up on rrod , but got on their feet in no time . 
  the thing is israel calls itself the jewish state , a place made for and by jews so they use semantics to translate attacks to a country/government to racial/religious attacks . 
  croatia here . 
  in elementary school we sing the national anthem on the first day , and that 's about it . 
  this whole `` allegiance '' thing is absurd . 
  i 'm not from the us so i do n't know , but ... let 's say i refuse . 
  let 's say i deny my allegiance to the country . 
  what are the consequences , outside of being expelled ( in a radical case ) ? 
  robbie williams ? 
  respect .
