  undoc report puts us at 4.2 murders per capita and the uk at 1.2 . 
  only 7 ( out of 50 ) european countries have rates higher than us , two of them are in the eu and three are completely in mainland europe . 
  is it bad that i know the source of this without even checking ? 
  [ this girl ] ( http://www.youtube.com/user/vihart?feature=cakqwrs%3d ), 
  which is bullshit . 
  the government knows everything about you , and every citizen is a unique number to them , the only difference between carrying id cards and the current us situation is the bullshit orwellian uproar in between . 
  id cards would make things very easier . 
  this is a blog post that points to two good articles , not an investigatory piece . 
  what countries are blue and why ? 
  well both . 
  i saw kyuss , rhcp , japandroids , the lemonheads and others on concerts , which is the best way to see bands i really love . 
  on the other hand i would n't spend two hours on franz ferdinand , new order , the xx , the roots , flogging molly and countless others that were excellent for a festival performance . 
  festivals are great to hang out and relax , not being forced to go and listen to everything and enjoy every single artist . 
  also where i live , tickets for festivals are around $ 60 , the same as for larger concerts . 
  smaller concerts do n't pass $ 20 . 
  i saw japandroids the other day for free , but the regular ticket was around $ 10 . 
   fyi per capita means `` per head '' so you are making it sound like the us has 4.2 murders per person , which is silly , as you can not have more murders than people in a country . 
  of course , my mistake . 
   there are many more factors than gun bans at play though . 
  again , of course . 
  i was just pointing out that it 's absurd to compare us and european murder rates . 
  unless you want to cherry pick cities , the differences are huge . 
  nobody said the obvious - lenovo still holds up to the ibm legacy . 
  i love it . 
  so your only evidence is that the ama was good ? 
  freedom of speech already has limits . 
  helping ? 
  do n't be fooled , everything the us does is in their interest , not out of good will . 
  that 's why they 're allies . 
  my country is a part of nato and gave humanitarian help . 
  everyone does foreign policy their way . 
  because islam , judaism and christianity are the same ? 
  so are the nations ? 
  there are many shades here , not just `` fucking muslims '' . 
  they 're going in there to protect , not avenge anyone . 
  and reddit hates rich people , jews , muslims and women , if you want to generalize like that . 
  like reddit yesterday . 
  i 've seen clear cut `` i hate arabs '' posts that got upvoted into heaven . 
  much like the first reactions to utoya and osama bin laden killing , most redditors overreact and go into full nationalism mode . 
  now i 'm sure how bush won that election . 
  this is the first fffuuu comic if i remember correctly . 
  it was a consulate , not an embassy . 
  artists see it as limiting , i see it as practical . 
  a lot i talked to had negative thoughts . 
  thermals , the xx , atari teenage riot , out the top of my head . 
  [ false ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/freedom_of_speech_in_the_united_states#types_of_speech_restrictions ) . 
  as much as i love the onion and think this is a great piece of sarcasm , in the same time it is shortsighted . 
  it presumes every religion is the same and people practicing it are brought up the same way , think about it the same way and feel the same way . 
  i am in no way defending anyone who is ready to kill for their religion , but in the same time i can understand ( but not defend ) their perspective . 
  there is more to the issue than `` kill the unbeliever '' and you have take historical , socioeconomic and religious issues into perspective before you equate christianity , judaism , budism , hinduism and islam . 
   2400k is about half the speed of the `` free '' tier google is offering . 
  is it ? 
  google is offering one mbit , which is at least 100 kb/s , while 2400 baud is 1.8 kb/s in download . 
  which is a huge point , because google has a reputation for having lousy ( or nonexistant ) customer service , something that 's unavoidable with such services . 
  and their other great song , brothers in arms , is about the falklands war . 
  anybody has a high resolution version ? 
  hah , i saw the title and was ready to post * my * picture with john garcia , but then saw the text . 
  i 've got a similar picture from copenhagen . 
  the mission : kill hitler !, 
  what i do n't get :, 
   we will give a 20 % discount to customers who yell japan also belongs to china !, 
  is there any remote historical basis for this ? 
  my question has nothing to do with that one . 
  i asked about mainland japan , not the islands . 
   there are no mosques in switzerland . 
  it took me until 1:05 to realize it was actually two guys . 
  no problem . 
  this is extremely simplified and does n't do the explanation justice . 
  they did n't just wake up one day and said `` hey let 's kill the others '' there are hundreds of years of colonialism and later outside meddling , bad governance , oppression ... 
  it 's not fair to be so simplistic about such a complex situation . 
  i started to write the same thing , but lost my nerves and ended up with a post that just says `` bossanova by pixies '' . 
  i did n't post it because it 's not appropriate for this subreddit . 
  then you came and wrote everything i wanted to . 
  thanks . 
  i wanted to say that mt. 
  rushmore might fit your definition , but your mao is hella bigger . 
   you would think that australia had madras schools the way she talks . 
  ftfy : you would think that australia had * school * schools the way she talks . 
  xda developers was made by windows mobile enthusiasts . 
  custom roms are n't just an android thing . 
  how is it obvious that android blows everyone out of the water ? 
  having used nokia maps before they were even called like that i can tell you that they are superior to google maps in every way except pure data where the quality varies depending on the location . 
  also street view . 
  it really is an awesome map app . 
  also , what is your issue with urban dwellers without cars ? 
  that 's what realism is all about . 
  south park has awesome songs . 
  both the movie and shows . 
  koristi li tko nove apple maps ? 
  koliko sucka za hr ? 
  best fucking phone i had . 
  check out what taxi unions in nyc are doing to block uber , a service that is slowly becoming competition for them . 
  i 'm generally pro-union , but their lobbying and tactics should be limited . 
  there 's a web skte devoted to slicing up pop culture and finding these details . 
  only they know and realize it 's not a conspiracy and most of it is n't on purpose , but just imagination on their part . 
  it 's called overthinkingit.com . 
  it is really simplistic to say that te serbs flipped their shit because croats started to wave old flags . 
  that 's a minor reason in a sea of complicated causes . 
  microsoft has more than enough money to sink in a mobile os and nokia spends more on r&d than apple , so no , this is far from a last chance . 
  my condolences .
