  we all change facebook passwords weekly just to avoid getting punk 'd . 
  how to watch this out of the uk ? 
  oh god please tell me there 's a way !, 
  high ticket prices , plenty of dumb people , expensive popcorn and drinks , half hour of advertisement , not being able to pause a movie , having to pick up the tickets at least an hour earlier , limited choice of movies ... 
  the plus side is socialising , having a big screen and ... 
  it can be fun if you have company . 
  when with my ex , we used to go all of the time , now i 'm only gon na see kick ass and that 's it . 
  i actually heard today that i 'm a commie , because it 's svibanj , not maj. 
  in maksimir , of all places . 
  croatia , and i do n't know if a slingbox would work in that case . 
  would a vpn work ? 
   not sure there 's much on croatia tv i fancy . 
  it 's not bad , but the subtitling would probably piss you off . 
   unless channel 4 is live on the web i think you 're out of luck . 
  i thought there is online coverage but i guess in the end i 'm out of luck . 
  thanks anyway . 
  fuck you , pixies are more than a band !, 
  they wo n't endorse labour because they fucked up , and they wo n't endorse lib dems because they 're not enough pro-market for them . 
  i feel they did n't actually have a good choice and went with the one who promotes their market views . 
  - a guy used to keep a jet fighter in his back yard , not many people knew it . 
  how did it get there , nobody knows . 
  - under the city 's older parts there 's a whole line of bunkers and tunnels dating back centuries . 
  there 's a rumor that some gold was trapped in one . 
  - not so much a secret , but the town was once divided into two parts , the clergy lived in one and salesman and regular people in the other . 
  there were constant fights between them but the city was later united when a king hiding from the mongols in zagreb gave it the status of a city . 
  - the lotrscak tower has a cannon that came from horatio nelson 's ship that fires every day at noon , for more than a hundred years . 
  one legend says that it was fired at the turks that were nearing the city and it instantly killed their leader in his tent , scaring him off . 
  - it 's almost a thousand years old . 
  ( brought to you by the zagreb tourist board ), 
  great . 
  but how about a fully civilian system that is n't run by an organization which has other things in mind ? 
  this does n't look professional enough to be the work of a terrorist group , probably just a misguided individual or a dumb group of friends . 
  then again , the car is expensive , right ? 
   generation y , and millennials, 
  ... are the same thing . 
  good comment . 
  edit :, 
   generation y , also known as the millennial generation or generation next or net generation , [ 1 ] [ 2 ] [ 3 ] describes the demographic cohort following generation x. 
  its members are often referred to as millennials [ 4 ] [ 5 ] or echo boomers [ 6 ] . 
  yet i 'm at -3 ? 
  i compliment * her on a good comment and notice that something * she said was wrong and i get downvoted ? 
  [ piigs ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/piigs ), 
  maybe for people who live in their own closed world . 
  people read books and surf the web . 
  i mean , napoleon has always been dead to me , but i know who he was and what he did . 
  i know what his actions meant for me today . 
  how is this legal ? 
  it 's hard to talk from my cushy sofa , but i would give a hell of a fight not to be in that hell . 
  because 99 % of conspiracy theories are delusional and laughable . 
  they make the plausible one percent look equally crazy . 
  i love that movie . 
  truth or not , it was just great . 
  wow , just wow . 
  i had problems a couple of years ago and with other parents and in another country i may have ended up in a facility like you did . 
  as for questions , what are the positive aspects of staying there ? 
  do you feel you 're a better person or something else ? 
  which proves absolutely nothing . 
  the author does have some good points , but let 's not get carried away . 
  i was never in the us , but it 's not paradise everywhere else , you know . 
  there are even talks of a regional football league , although the main concern is security . 
  serbian clubs play here , croatian clubs play there . 
  most of the time it 's cool . 
  oh god , not again . 
  my heart almost broke then , even though i do n't even watch sports . 
  the last time i did was in 2008. , when we lost to turkey in a split second . 
  so ... lizard people are running the worlds governments ? 
  dtv settop boxes are spying on people ? 
  moon landings are a hoax ? 
  for every sane theory i can name three insane ones . 
  let 's not act like there is n't a shitload of lunatics just making stuff up from their basements . 
  also note that i said that there is a fair amount of truth in some of them , but that the insane ones make the normal ones look bad , too . 
  not , as you are implying , that i think that all of them are fake . 
  it 's funny , because i had a long talk with a friend about this earlier . 
  to me , both of the extremes are bad . 
  the people who think everything they see on tv is true are the same as the people who think that fluoridation is brainwashing their children . 
  the first guy thinks he 's normal , and the second guy thinks he 's open minded . 
   sarahc - sarah . 
  sorry , missed that one , 
  god damn , he 's a sick drummer . 
  [ related ] ( http://www.time.com/time/magazine/article/0,9171,1975241,00.html ) , in a non-psycho way . 
  you like the new wave of female artists and have an interesting mix between genres . 
  the source is highly biased and ignores a lot of historic facts . 
  looks like a modern roy lichtenstein painting . 
  as i work with phones , i had more than a hundred of them , and zero destroyed or lost . 
  a couple got fucked up , but repairing them is n't expensive . 
  it would be a pain in the ass to list them all . 
  mostly being lazy and travelling to concerts over europe and croatia . 
  eye candy with little substance . 
  hey , does anyone else hate facebook , apple and aids ? 
  r.e.m had a show where i live after gw bush was reelected . 
  their first song was `` end of the world as we know it '' and michael made sure people knew what it was about . 
  discreet and fitting . 
  about 20 detailed deaths . 
  only nick cave could have done it so well . 
  [ ween - you fucked up ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rxmaff6mj1e ) in the `` aaaaaaargghh bitch !!! '', 
  department . 
  [ bob dylan - masters of war ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hg443n7lo4q ) here by pearl jam , could n't find the dylan version . 
  the last verse is all you need `` i hope that you die and your death will come soon ... '' . 
  shows you do n't have to yell to show your anger . 
  [ grinderman - no pussy blues ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wudp7c3zd8i ) .
