  zen arcade is fucking art . 
  as a man who does n't really like reznor : yes . 
  i 'm mostly opposite . 
  then who was enter ? 
  what 's preventing you to cheat ? 
  to spare the rest of reddit the trouble : yes , violentacrez is the creator . 
  14 with parental consent in croatia . 
  16 regular . 
  it 's more complicated . 
  if both kids are 14 the parents can sue the provider of the place they had sex if they do n't agree . 
  if one is older or younger it 's illegal . 
  if both are younger then it 's terra incognita . 
  both are possible options . 
  good . 
  i 've got shit to do . 
  if they have a good alternative , i 'm all for that . 
  if not , then it 's just classic german nuclear phobia aka what you get when the greens are one of the bigger parties . 
  maybe the rest of us can learn something then . 
  trolls were better in my day . 
  in a better community , that would be a great discussion starter , but in r/movies it just starts a circlejerk of quotes . 
  it was pretty popular on reddit . 
  i did it about three years ago when it became obvious you ca n't experience reddit without watching firefly and arrested development . 
  since then i watched it a couple of times , always discovering new stuff . 
  not to go into details , but that is correct . 
  some border crossings were an extra two hours because being a member of the press . 
   if any of you knew what china was like when kissinger first visited , you 'd understand as well . 
  if i were in china i would understand , but the western world has less tolerance for autocracy and violent supression of civil rights . 
   deal with all the retards who object to them being built, 
  that 's easy to say when you 're talking about projects you see as good and valuable . 
  what happens when it 's something you do n't like ? 
  are you the `` retard '' then ? 
  i heard the horror stories , but this was in europe so two hours on something that usually takes two minutes is a lot . 
  and that was n't just once . 
  interesting theory , although this is the first i heard about the johnny cash version ( i 'm a big cave fan ) . 
  cave is one of the best poets in popular music and his ability to make dark music does n't have to be connected to authenticity , but more to his mood swings . 
  some of the best `` dark '' music came out of depression . 
  from the boatman 's call to pinkerton . 
  am i the only one that has n't heard the johnny cash version ? 
  to be fair , nick cave is bigger in europe than cash so it 's not a mystery . 
  and there 's always one combo breaker guy who ca n't actually see 3d movies , like myself . 
  oh and [ johnny depp ] ( http://www.tgdaily.com/games-and-entertainment-brief/55788-johnny-depp-reveals-he-cant-see-3d ) . 
  there 's a funicular in [ zagreb , croatia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zagreb_funicular ) . 
  i 'm sorry , but i 'm a 21 centruy digital boy . 
  are you a woman ? 
  hey liz lemon !, 
  and that 's ok . 
  i do n't like bruce springsteen ' music , but i respect him for it . 
  countless other artists as well . 
  i heard both opinions and i can see both sides where they 're coming from . 
   99.9 % of the internet ca n't be accessed by traditional search engines . 
  okay . 
   and everything is a . onion url . 
  yup , i 've seen fucked up shit as well , living close to one of the biggest stadiums in the ex country . 
  i 've seen more football hooligans beating people , burning stuff and breaking windows than police beating them . 
  the most liberal pacifist redditor would say `` fuck his shit up '' when he sees how those people act . 
  we have the image we built for ourselves , even though you 're safer walking through zagreb , sarajevo or belgrade at night than in most us cities . 
  the only thing we can be proud of . 
  that and rakija . 
   fuck the police !, 
  shitty cunts !, 
  not worth the translation . 
   its very very secretive . 
  with a page on wikipedia it really is n't . 
  the game . 
  i did not mean ... to blow your mind !, 
  i do n't know why , but all the ps3 memes make me laugh more than the rest . 
  i have no idea how you got 12 points . 
  seriously , your comment has no sense and is just pure fanboyism . 
  was nokia 's decision good or not is another story , but his argument for choosing wp7 over android makes sense . 
  with android , nokia ( the largest phone manufacturer in the world ) would become one of many companies selling android phones , and google ca n't guarantee that nokia would be free to customize their phone the way they want to in the future . 
  with wp7 , nokia enters a small market and can double the wp market with one phone . 
  people in * a lot * of countries will buy anything nokia , which translates into one company holding a huge majority of wp phones , something nokia ca n't possibly do with android . 
  when will we get a better authentication method than a password ? 
  none for us balkan folks . 
  people just love us too much . 
  a lot of people are saying `` lol '' and `` xd '' in the comments , but to me it is n't funny . 
  the comic is dead on how we felt that day . 
  there used to be r/freckles as well . 
  boys and girls in america is my favourite album . 
  i keep an unopened copy in my drawer just in case . 
  the who - tommy and quadrophenia, 
  the moody blues - days of future past ( loosely ), 
  pink floyd - the wall, 
  tyler , the creator - goblin ( loosely as well ), 
  green day - american idiot, 
  if you 're into musicals and rock operas check out hair and jesus christ superstar . 
  we , as in `` we presented in the comic '' . 
  i find it cheesy . 
  i 'm talking about `` we '' , as the disappointed europeans of course , i 'm not sure what you are talking about . 
   what the fuck is wrong with you ? 
  probably his manners , as he did n't insult anyone , yet you did . 
   while europe was preparing to do the exact same thing , only later, 
  well this is bullshit . 
  not trolling , i 'm serious : what shocking things did wikileaks publish ? 
  was any of that something we could n't imagine the us government doing ? 
  i 'm really looking forward to some juicy stuff , since the biggest stories until now are diplomatic gossip and just plain old truth . 
  edit : i 'd ask the downvoters to at least explain themselves . 
  i 'm not dissin ' wikileaks or the concept , but the fact that none of the stories were as shocking as a lot of people are saying . 
  it pisses me off that i 'll be at -5 in two hours and wo n't get a fair discussion out of the subject , something that i would really like to see . 
  come on , seriously .
