  not op , but i spent a part of my childhood in a shelter so i 'll comment . 
  i still get a little tense over jet engine sounds , air raid sirens get me into panic mode and i still ca n't stand the smell of candles . 
  serbia started four wars , so excuse me for my lack of empathy . 
  i feel sorry for op , but not for his government or the bombing . 
  me : eat shit and die, 
  her : < no reply , 
  yup , not getting laid . 
  because the swiss have it nationally enforced and not for fun but for strong reasons . 
  there 's cleaning carpets the normal way , then there 's cleaning carpets like mr wolf . 
  seriously ? 
  pink floyd has amazing album covers . 
  please repost this in r/europe . 
   women are seen as essentially parasitic , iirc, 
  i 'm intrigued . 
  i 'm interested what will the new gta be like . 
  iv was good , but boring . 
  i never got to the end because the missions were getting so dumb and repetetive i lost track of everything . 
  and being from the balkans , the story was irritating , but in line with the rest of the series . 
  here 's hoping for some innovation . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but were n't over 60 mps contacted ? 
  and only a few of them fell for it ? 
  that 's pretty good to me . 
  they do n't have the capacity . 
  and being 200 miles ( 350 km ) from the eu and 320 ( 520 ) from nato makes it nato 's deal . 
  motorola 's mobile business was saved by android ( and a new ceo ) after a period when they used every os on the market . 
  seriously , motorola used symbian , windows mobile , palm and linux at one point . 
  sorry for linking to a gawker site . 
  was expecting the thick of it . 
  was n't disappointed . 
  spain is a top 10 world economy . 
  hey americans , what do you pay for internet ? 
  i got 10 mbit , flat rate for $ 30 in europe , from a former monopoly that did n't even have flat rate or broadband a decade ago . 
  i 'm sorry you got downvoted , since facebook gets a lot of hate on reddit . 
  although lately it 's less noticable , facebook is still a very much hated subject on reddit . 
  [ your eyes like crashing jets ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lv8povospps ), 
  probably made out of coffee . 
  i 've [ read ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2010/11/27/south-africa-rape-study-m_n_788722.html ) of even worse views about rape in south african republic . 
  i 've seen this quote upvoted into the heavens and downvoted into the depths of hell on reddit . 
  interesting if you ask me . 
  not to copy the whole article , but this guy was a congressmans ' son , was educated at multiple colleges and institutes including yale , later reported from wwii and volunteered with the polish army in france . 
  after that he was parachuted into occupied france and reported behing enemy lines and later saw action in indochina . 
  read all of it . 
  that 's a well done costume . 
  did n't baldwin already play thomas jefferson in 30 rock once ? 
  the protesters are from all sides of the political spectrum . 
  you can see signs for direct democracy , bank nationalisation , anti eu , i personally had a pro eu sign in the protest . 
  the protests do n't have a leader , an agenda or really a cause . 
  all they want is the governments resignation . 
  with regular elections in 6 months , that does n't have much sense . 
  i ca n't even begin where you are wrong . 
  the only right wing party that is again the eu and prosecution of war criminals has less than 4 % in the polls and is n't likely to enter parliament without a coalition . 
  as i said earlier , the protests have no leadership or agenda so all parts of the society are free to participate . 
  as a croat ... shut up . 
  we are in a bad economic situation and the government has very low support , but we are on track to join the eu , we have a better standard than most of the region and we have elections in 6 months which sdp has 20 points advantage for . 
  the protests are futile and we do n't need no support . 
  we need to get hdz out , get rid of excessive bureaocracy and corruption and make some jobs . 
  stop voting for idiots , my fellow croats . 
  cancel it right now of we do n't comform to your high standards . 
  i heard turkey is nice . 
   do you really think sdp will do all those things ? 
  it wo n't be milk and honey , but i 'd take anyone over hdz . 
   and by gdp real growth rate, 
  how about gdp per capita :, 
  slovenia 24 300 usd, 
  croatia 14 500 usd, 
  hungary 13 600 usd, 
  montenegro 7740 usd, 
  serbia 6870 usd, 
  bih 4870 usd, 
  macedonia 4660 usd, 
  ( that 's croatia 64th and serbia 71st ), 
  not really , but your high horse might be . 
  that 's true . 
  go out and vote in 6 months . 
  join an ngo and monitor the elections in places where there might be irregularities . 
  convince other people to vote . 
  the protest does n't make much sense . 
   the veterans are basically neo-nazis , usually collectively showing the hitler salute at every so called `` protest '' they show up . 
  absolute bullshit . 
  the first video is two protests , one with the veterans and one with hooligans who attacked the police and were universally condemned by ** everyone ** without exceptions . 
  the veterans who begged them to stop attacking the police were spit at by the hooligans . 
  this has nothing to do with anything . 
   they basically threaten to overthrow a democratically elected goverment which the majority of croatian people voted for , because the croatian goverment is hunting down its own war criminals . 
  what the hell ? 
   it wasnt a war between two different countries , but between two different ethnicities within one country . 
  croatia was recognized in 1991 . 
  jna retreated in 1992 , and serbia proper ended their support in 1995 after operation flash . 
  it was n't a civil war . 
  u really mature i see . 
  they all look the same to me . 
  spread the good word !, 
  the last census says we have about 88 % of catholics . 
  but then again we elected an atheist pm and president and now an agnostic president , something much less religious countries did n't manage to do , not to mention the us . 
  not really fair posting this one ? 
  this was a hooligan attack on the police which was universally condemned , while every other protest ( there 's one every two days ) has been peaceful . 
  which he proved while in office right ? 
  oh , i 'm sorry , he never held office so we do n't fucking know now do we ? 
   often dress like this . 
  i disagree . 
  they are dressed relatively normal , indie if anything .
