  it certainly helped brand awareness , becuse it 's one of the rare brands that i actually know about . 
  my usual deoderant shopping is ... take the first thing you see . 
  i 'm not sure if this is because i 'm not a native speaker , but this is n't easy to read . 
  especially when the author beats around the bush the whole time . 
  i got to the half of the article and got little to none information . 
  or they ran because they started a rebellion against the country they live in and lost the war ? 
  oh please , let 's go even more in the past . 
  why ca n't serbs just say that they started the war and that 's it , but have to pull out something 60 years from the past ? 
  read the croatian constitution , one article says that croatia is founded on zavnoh . 
  check some history , the kuna is used since medievil times , it 's a tradition lasting for hundreds of years , not just in ndh . 
  tudman is a fucker that did more damage to croatia than anyone since wwii and he did use nationalistic overtones to raise moral , but do n't forget that he was a partisan and tito 's youngest general . 
  not all three countries are equally guilty . 
  yes , every country is guilty for the crimes that were commited by that side , but do n't even dare to put the blame on everyone . 
  serbia started it , and fought wars in three countries and kosovo , the agression started from one side . 
  wrong . 
  the croatian president said that he is sorry for the crimes that were committed in croatia 's name a couple of years ago . 
  also , expulsion ? 
  most of them ran because they started a rebellion against the country they live in and then lost the war . 
  i 'd run too . 
  i 'm not denying that crimes were committed , but 500 000 is a huge overestimate . 
  there were 581 663 serbs in 1991 , and 10 years late 201 631 . 
  do the math . 
  you got ta be here to understand . 
  how many atheist or agnostic presidents the us had in more than 200 years ? 
  zero . 
  croatia had an atheist pm and two agnostic presidents in the last 20 years . 
   this is the typical bitching weenie article from someone who clearly does n't understand music . 
  he spends lots of time analyzing ( what i consider ) the peripheral stuff like lyrics , but does n't even spend a single paragraph discussing rhythm , chord changes , melody , etc. 
  that 's just like , your opinion man . 
  i get off on lyrics , but i can agree that melody and rhythm have a lot to do with the songs popularity . 
  anyway , i would n't call the lyrics peripheral stuff , and there is always more than one way to analyse something . 
  he may not understand music theory , but he seems to know a lot about music culture , which is what the article is about . 
  expand some more on your side of the analysis . 
  in practice , croatia 's government is more seperated from the church than the us where secularism is stronger by law . 
  thank you . 
  i just spend hours reading the articles there . 
  it ends up like tv tropes for me . 
  you think you 're paranoid ? 
  / lame 90s music reference which nobody will get , and people who do wo n't think it 's funny . 
  tracy jordan was right . 
  i did n't know who that was until a minute ago , but i had a strange suspicion he has something to do with ukip . 
  it 's actually sad i know this much about uk politics ... while living far away from there . 
  i 'm just scared that we 're getting dumber as a society . 
  as the most popular player , ipod made a mould of a dumb but simple music player that provides music and later videos , podcasts and images to a small and simple device . 
  people love it . 
  but i fear we have lost very innovation because the most popular device ends up somewhat dumb . 
  it does n't have any advance features and it does n't really risk anything . 
  i wonder what would happen if the early ipods had something like usb host or some other function that was open ( not in the apple ecosystem kind of open ) , would it catch on ? 
  would we get wonderful new additions instead of thousands of docks ? 
  substitute usb host to something else that requires the end consumer to think more . 
  because to get the ipod out of the box , transfer music and listen to it does n't require any thinking . 
  as unpopular as this opinion might be , i do n't like linux for the opposite reasons - most distributions ( ubuntu , i 'm looking at you ) are trying to be so user friendly that they would replace windows from the top . 
  i tried ubuntu and wanted to install opera . 
  after failing to do that and seeing i need some libraries or something i gave up . 
  not because i do n't know how to do it , or because it 's hard , but because i 'm not comfortable using a product made for one `` demographic '' going into the extreme and putting a terminal in front of me , something that the other `` demographic '' would like . 
  i run linux on my htpc , so i 'm not hating on it , just commenting the golden middle of user friendliness we 're trying to find . 
  i fear that the ipad might be on the low side here , creating a sandbox experience that might set the standard and ruin the fun for the rest of us . 
  although i see who and why would like the ipad , i 'm not sure treating your customers like they are unable to learn anything is the way to go . 
  sure , my mom does n't know how to work a terminal and does n't think opera is a computer program , but by making things so dumb they lose functionality just for her to use could slow down innovation and prevent us from making more complicated ( as in - a laptop computer , not an ipad class tablet ) devices/services/platforms that could bring us new technology . 
  lowering the bar lowers expectations and lowers the need for new and better technology . 
  let 's find the middle ground and make that popular , and leave the extremes to the peripheral demographics . 
  be it unix geeks that will discover new technologies or mom and dad who will buy the end products . 
  the middle demographic will do both of that . 
  / long drunken rant over . 
  excuse my english , it 's not my native language . 
  you sound like a stupid girl . 
  do n't push it . 
  i found it ... meh . 
  it may be interesting to see a war movie that 's not from the classical western perspective , but in the end it 's just full of cliches . 
  i 'm not getting this ... is he a troll or what ? 
  it 's possible to go both ways . 
  have something open and capable enough and in the same time simple and practicle . 
  a lot of innovation in it came from solving problems , mostly by people who got their spirit from having computers that you need to program to work . 
  i do n't want to go that far , but i 'm imagining what computer i would by my kid one day . 
  something simple like an ipad is logical and smart on first thought , but in that case he would never develop any interest in programming or hardware or anything i did . 
  i 'm not saying that i want him to go that way , and i do n't want him to start with a c64 , but is n't the ipad a whole other extreme ? 
  so simple you ca n't actually do anything ? 
  if it becomes the dominant personal computer ( which i doubt , but let 's run with it ) innovation will come either from people that somehow got into the pc we know today , or companies with foresight . 
  we wo n't have nearly as much people programming at home , thinking about hacking and tinkering , but their imagination will be blocked by the sandbox . 
  maybe i 'm just paranoid ... 
  i 'm not sure ... at this point i 'm kinda ready to dish out $ 600 , just to be on the safe side . 
  animal collective ? 
   ms has a long history of building walled gardens when it suits them , too , so i do n't have high hopes for wp7s . 
  you know ... 
  it 's sad when in this discussing microsoft is considered the open one . 
  i do n't know about wp7 ( they erased the series like hours ago ) , and probably nobody knows yet , but windows mobile has been extremely open . 
  i 'm not sure if you 're in that ( dying ) scene , but windows mobile devices are currently one of the most open on the market , if we exclude linux derivatives . 
  the thermals . 
  do it !, 
  this is so confusing . 
  i thought this was from r/android and did n't get what this has to do with a mobile os . 
  oh how i love both of them ... people who like the black keys should check out radio moscow . 
  the font ... it hurts me . 
  do the guys from pic # 2 hang white people and burn crosses in front of their houses ? 
  [ radiohead - just ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r5x7hkxpiqa ), 
  [ beastie boys - sabotage ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h4pn7xbexq4 ), 
  [ prodigy - smack my bitch up ] ( http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x25uxm_prodigy-smack-my-bitch-up_music ), 
  and any video by [ spike jonze ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spike_jonze#music_videos ), 
  that 's 8252 kilometers or 5128 miles away from me , but i saw them last year and they rocked . 
  hope to see them again soon .
