  i know we never hear a word from them , they 're not on good terms with slovakia , but what country is their partner ? 
  with which country do they share some culture or something ? 
  also , i noticed on an old version of fifa that if you choose one country the game will automatically recommend their arch enemy as the other country . 
  england - france , croatia - serbia and so on . 
  i agree . 
  both can bring good and bad things if not done correctly , although alcohol can do that easily and legally . 
  i 'm a little sad this got this many upvotes . 
  to skip the whole story i 'll keep it short : middle class with smart parents that kept me humble and realistic . 
  i got my first job at 13 or 14 and been doing that ever since . 
  i slept about 6 hours the last two days because i had a deadline and had to write a shitload of articles for which i 'll get paid less than i deserve . 
  because i do it in my sofa and on a laptop it is considered easy money and now you take my right to call it `` hard earned '' . 
  i paid for my first pc when i was 11 , learned everything i can from borrowed books and magazines . 
  everything i know about my job came from my own hard work , although i 'm eternaly grateful that i had a great childhood without much worries . 
  accent ? 
  i thought it was just mumbling like a psycho . 
  but seriously , i enjoy that movie more than i should . 
  anyone saw [ the riches ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_riches ) ? 
  minnie driver and eddie izzard acting like pikeys/travelers/brad pitt in snatch with an american accent ? 
  read the rest of the thread . 
  people that had a good life are almost being accused of it . 
   iron curtain, 
  nope , it was the internal decision of india 's government , not imposed by outside forces . 
  also , india was in the [ non aligned movement ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/non-aligned_movement ) . 
  it 's sad that this subreddit is mostly a huge circlejerk . 
  people like [ inthebackofyourhead ] ( http://www.reddit.com/user/inthebackofyourhead/submitted/ ) just post the music we all know about and people upvote it because they know what song it is . 
  we rarely get some cool arguments or anything smart outside some new music , news or `` what 's your favourite song hurr durr '' . 
  i blame people that downvote bands they do n't like . 
  anyway , love pixies and mister black . 
  operators operating, 
  from one side , people are allowed to fuck themselves up if they want to so i say legalize . 
  from the other side , people are getting fucked up with alcohol , tobacco and other substances , but except their own health , it 's bad for the society . 
  i can recognize the positive aspects of all of the above , but there are extremes that make the problem - alcoholics driving drunk and people dying of lung cancer . 
  when looking at the society as a whole , i would legalize it but enforce moderation and promote general health with less substances injected into ourselves . 
  also , ban it from closed public spaces . 
  smoke at home . 
  all the borders ( except internal bosnia and herzegovina ones ) were old and based on everything from historic facts to wwii deals . 
  yugoslavia was a federal republic and when it broke up it was in to logical pieces . 
  minorities are a normal thing . 
  although i have a high opinion of yugoslavia , you ca n't beat having your own country and independence . 
  the serb minority in croatia rebeled at the start of the war and participated in it . 
  they were zealous and done a fair share of the war crimes commited . 
  although most of them left ( or were thrown away , depending on who you ask ) , there are still tensions in the sense that kids write graffiti on their abandond houses and they get into fights in bars when drunk . 
  i heard that the croatian minotity in vojvodina ( northern serbia if you will ) has some problems but i do n't know much about that . 
  slovenia refused to give citizenship to some minorities . 
  montenegro has a huge serbian minority . 
  we saw what happened with kosovo . 
  tensions as in war ? 
  i do n't think so , maybe some shooting could happen in bih , but war or some kind of conflict , no way . 
  milosevic is considered a monster by all except a tiny part of radical serbs . 
  i was a kid and pretty far from the war , in a city that was bombed only two-three times , so i guess i was fine the whole time . 
  thanks anyway . 
  i do n't agree , it was politics , religion was only used to fuel emotions . 
  probably by bots . 
  pixies are universally loved . 
  selling to oems ( wii browser , mobile phones ) , support , search engine . 
  as much as i like the eu and other european institutions and organizations , if it were n't for the us the balkans would fucking explode . 
  go to pristina , sarajevo or zagreb and ask people what they think of clinton . 
  before iraq the us was a hero in these parts . 
  know how to spell ethnic clensing and genocide ? 
  edit :, 
  i 'm not at all surprised that people downvoted a part of a serious discussion just because of a spelling mistake . 
  i try so fucking hard to write by the rules and distance myself from the engrish-writing crowd so i could be taken seriously . 
  and then i miss a letter and get downvoted enough so that 90 % of people wo n't see my comment . 
  hey downvoters , is that fair ? 
  you learned english in school , i learned it on cartoon network and cnn , so i invite everyone who clicked the down arrow because of the wrong spelling to go fuck themselves . 
  ** you ** are the cancer that 's killing reddit . 
  i could n't have said it better myself . 
  sigh ... 
  where 's the oil in the balkans ? 
  croat . 
  that 's why i mentioned that three cities . 
  of course serbians do n't like him , i would n't like anyone bombing my country . 
  i have a couple of serbian friends and i 'm sorry for the bombing , unlike some people , i was n't happy about it and i 'm really really sorry about the civilian casulties . 
  do you agree that you were held hostage by milosevic ? 
  independence ? 
  i do n't think so , at least not in the next 10 years , and probably never if the serbian government makes a long term plan to stop it . 
  my guess is that they 'll get broader autonomy and bigger rights in the future , but that 's about it . 
  i 'm not sure serbia can survive any more breakups . 
  forbidden ? 
  some kind of a secret club , or you wanted to link to / r/operabrowser ? 
  as an opera mini user since day one ( even before it was public outside of the nordic countries ) i support this . 
  it looks like a win-win situation for opera . 
  what did you think of zagreb ? 
  it got a big facelift in 1987 so i 'm thinking you got the not-so-polished version . 
  i like american dad better than family guy . 
  the cleveland show just plain sucks . 
  loudquietloud about the pixies and american hardcore . 
  many people said it might get loud . 
  i recommend that solely for the scene when jimmy page plays the guitar and jack white and edge look at him quietly ... 
  so much respect and admiration just in that one look . 
  i hate metallica . 
  most of them seem like douchebags . 
  but i love their music , if you ignore the drumming even st anger is n't that bad . 
  why is that whore wearing a pixies shirt ? 
  edit : [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s8pdxpjemw8 ) kesha ? 
  her [ influences ] ( http://www.myspace.com/kesha ) include : bob dylan , iggy pop , kraftwerk , pixies , neil young , the vaselines ... 
  i think i 'm gon na puke . 
  is there a sign on her house that says mexican food storage ? 
  a couple of years ago , i was going to a depressing and mostly boring high school . 
  it was a sunny day so during the lunch break i got a beer in a nearby bar .
