  could n't play it in opera or chrome . 
  did anyone else have some luck ? 
  remember ps2 ? 
  pain in the ass by sony or pain in the ass by downloading ... 
  i guess everyone will choose their own . 
  the generalisations in your post are frightning . 
  1 ) all europeans think they are uniquely well-educated, 
  2 ) people come to the us for their education because it 's superior, 
  this reminded me why i hate manga . 
  what do n't you understand ? 
  a ps3 game costs more than 80 dollars and i listed the price for an empty blu ray disc and a flat rate internet connection . 
  piracy on the ps3 is plausible and financially sound . 
  and as you know , prices for the empty mediums are going down , internet speeds are going up , so i do n't see why anyone ( without a moral dilemma ) would buy games for the ps3 , at least where i live . 
  again , it 's not so expensive in the long term , and the prices will go down . 
  that 's one of the reasons i bought an xbox , and sold my ps3 . 
  it can be extremely expensive , depending on where you live . 
  all the consoles that did n't die because of pirated games ? 
  i do , but the parent commenter does n't . 
  yes . 
  let 's mention that in every article about turkey . 
  i think i 'll go mention every other country 's faults that happened a hundred years ago . 
  some would say that every release of avatar is crappy . 
  because i do n't plan my life over video game prices ? 
  also , free healthcare and education . 
  or [ no pussy blues ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wudp7c3zd8i ) by his side group grinderman . 
  also , i gave my girlfriend the last nick cave album ( dig , lazarus , dig !!, 
  ! , my favourite bad seeds album ) . 
  we broke up two weeks ago :(, 
  damn it , everything reminds me of her today ... 
  this was her favourite song :(, 
  bitter upvote , with a tear in my eye . 
  i actually like offspring . 
  i grew up listening to their stuff so i had little doubt to go to their concert a couple of months ago . 
  i loved americana . 
  yes , it 's corny and hyper commercial , but you can ' ignore nostalgia . 
  i disagree . 
  i do n't think the us `` freedom of speech '' model works everywhere , specially in germany , who had a bad experience with that . 
  edit : since most of the countries in the world do n't use the us freedom of speech type i 'm certainly not the only one that thinks like this on the subject . 
  the fact that i can get a free education and healthcare , that i can walk on the streets roman emperors , napoleon and the habsburgs did . 
  i can go skiing on a snowy mountain and swimming in the sea in the same afternoon . 
  the [ nature ] ( http://www.horvatorszag-adria.hu/prevod/data/upimages/elert-sigurd-plitvice-iv-2405232.jpg ) is [ pretty ] ( http://apartments-bol-croatia.com/images/bol/zlatni_rat_beach_2.jpg ) great . 
  i 'm not sure really . 
  there are a shitload of things wrong with this country and i ca n't relate to any nationalism , but i like living here . 
  it 's between two conflicting cultures - west enough to have a mcdonalds and get the latest smartphone before most of the world , east enough to reap the benefits of the balkan culture . 
  i just want to know who ordered the kennedy assassination ... 
  i 'm not asking much damnit :(, 
  iama person sued by a huge multinational corporation when i was 14 . 
  iama it journalist since i was 15 . 
  iama someone dumped from multiple high schools and an elementary . 
  wow . 
  you rage you lose . 
  haha , when i read [ ethos ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0118715/quotes ) i thought you got a swastika . 
  you have a bright future young man . 
  pft , calling people . 
  slow and uneffective . 
  you made a couple of thousand people know with a couple of clicks . 
  croatia got our first medal yesterday , too . 
  the guy 's name is fak . 
  yes ' it 's pronounced like you think . 
  serbian and croatian are very similar languages . 
  they were even politically [ merged ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/serbo-croatian_language ) for some time . 
  yes it is . 
  it 's a sarcastic play on the standard sappy love song , but in a pixies-weird-funny way . 
  i fear our [ joy ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/janica_kostelic ) spreading [ days ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ivica_kosteli\u0107 ) are over . 
  promoting totalitarian regimes and something that would today be copyright infringement . 
  i made a gif with the logo of ht ( hrvatski telekom , croatian telecom , a company dt bought ) turning into a swastika , and photoshoped hitler mustaches on the ceo . 
  ht was a monopolist with enormous prices and substandard service with very questionable ethics . 
  i had three strange encounters with their ceo since then . 
  he did n't recognize me . 
  i ca n't defend myself ... 
  i was a kid and it was a juvenile form of protest . 
  not very classy from my present point of view , but the whole thing cought my off guard back then . 
  it ended in the newspaper and was quite popular both online and offline . 
  no way . 
  my dad , did his army service there could pass maybe in a casual conversation , for a couple of minutes . 
  it 's hard to find an english language analogy , but i 'll try . 
  let 's say you 're raised in the us south and have a thick accent and practicaly never heard anything else . 
  then you get teleported into britain 's chav capital . 
  you would understand him , but there are a lot of differences . 
   there really is no equivalent in modern society to british aristocracy . 
  replace british with european . 
  many european republics have royality that 's not set in any legal principle now , but have roots that go back hundreds of years , when almost the whole continent was a monarchy . 
  i know a couple of `` noble '' people who 's ancestors commanded armies or had castles 600 years ago . 
  their status does n't mean much , unless they somehow got to keep some of that real estate , which was hard considering the number of changed regimes in the balkans . 
  because labour fucked up or you really like them ? 
  cameron just does n't seem like the person i would like to have as a pm . 
  neither does clegg , but i 'd sooner vote for him . 
  sorta . 
  when i 'm exceptionally tired and do n't have anything important to do , i fall asleep early and set my alarm early , let 's say midnight and 9 in the morning . 
  i force myself out of bed then and when i do the whole morning routine i 'm awake and use the extra time to do stuff i wanted to before i went to bed . 
  the thing is i organized my life in a way that there is rarely anything important to do before noon so i can sleep , because i 'm awake until 3 or 4 . 
  so i 've been forcing myself to get tired so i can fall asleep before 1 am . 
  i do n't have problems waking up after two or three days . 
  but the nature of my job sometime requires me to stay up very late so i got ta reset my whole bio timer about once every two weeks . 
  i used hundreds of cards , but have n't noticed any difference between them . 
  then again , i 'm just a normal user . 
   this is sad :, 
  no , it 's not . 
  globalism and capitalism meet and you get your product the cheapest . 
  since you did n't present the whole thing ( and it 's better that way ) , this may be just some extreme exploration .
