  and i love charmless man . 
  could you expand on finlandization today ? 
  is n't finland oriented to nordic partners and europe ? 
  that hurts . 
  the original trollface . 
  my dad bought it for me in italy . 
  he did n't even know it was from the simpsons . 
  i was in stockholm last week and what surprises me is that you do n't have that much choice in stores . 
  lidl has two types of milk , ica is better equipped but still substandard to stores in the rest of europe ( i 'm from croatia ) . 
  was that just a specific situation i saw or is it really like that ? 
  yes , but violent crime is rare here and dubrovnik ( and the rest of croatia and i dare say the balkans ) is safer than most western european cities . 
  two brands . 
   croatia is the second country in the world in unemployment, 
  false . 
  they said it on the news but that 's not true . 
   in schools , we do not have sex ed, 
  also false , i had sex ed 10 years ago . 
   nd if you are not part of a mainstream religion or are non religious , well , you probably wo n't be the most popular person, 
  in smaller towns and villages , in zagreb most of my friends are atheists and not afraid to say it . 
  the economy is shit , the government is corrupt on every level , but let 's not make things worse than they are . 
  that was interesting too , where i live you ca n't even find bread in a bag , in sweden bread comes in bags , already sliced by default . 
  not to be a douchebag , but what is it with americans and baseball caps ? 
  i do n't mean sports teams , but just the caps , team or no team . 
  sounds like an ad for obama ' 12 . 
  maybe it should be . 
  his approval rating is n't that low , and having ( god forbid ) trump as a third candidate can win him the election . 
  i 'm suspecting that was the motive behind the recent birth certificate show . 
  i 'm pissed that they do n't sell them outside of the us . 
  could be it , but i hope i 'm not the only one confused by the sudden `` bam !, 
  here 's the long form certificate '' in the middle of everything . 
  vietnam war . 
  one of the best episodes . 
  very cool indeed . 
  commonwealth of nations is just a international organization , where the queen does n't any power in member states . 
  the commonwealth realm is a state within the con which includes canada , australia and others , but excludes india , so the total population is about 130 million people , not 2 billion . 
  a moderator is more like a janitor than a leader , but i get your point . 
  no , it was shit . 
  while people with a brain used smartphones you could use as music and video players , surf the web and get apps , 90 % of people fell for a sleek phone that could n't do shit , was shit and was expensive . 
  razr is the male equivalent of a pair of expensive shoes . 
  not to mention that it almost destroyed motorola , since they saw that the formula works made 300 identical phones qnd wondered why they were n't selling . 
  seriously ? 
  considering the news is true , and gadaffi was in the house , it is an attack on enemy military personnel so probably legal . 
  personally , such assassinations are very morally ambiguous and even when i support the intervention just ca n't support such reckless strikes . 
  or they could be foreign . 
  a ginger kid cool ? 
  do n't think so . 
  grrr , people doing stuff i do n't like !, 
  fuck them !, 
  grrrr !, 
  fuck , it 's those whodunnit books all over again . 
  turn to page 16 if you think it was the butler with the dildo ... 
  for someone paid to know this stuff , this joke took me way too long . 
  a week in stockholm is keeping me depressed for two weeks at home now . 
  a lot do n't work . 
  the situation room from the west wing is superior , i have to say . 
  let 's not be naive . 
  dumping the body was a good move and respecting his religion was probably the last thing considered when going on that route . 
  not to dissin ' on my beloved android , but that problem has been solved for years . 
  duuuuude . 
  woah . 
  i crossed most of the balkans . 
  correct , but you did n't have the iron curtain when the pope died . 
  do you know what genocide is ? 
  if you do , please give me an example of tito ordering a genocide . 
  i hate to read anything about yugoslavia on the web , because it without any doubt leads to history lessons , nationalism , finger pointing and general douchebaggery . 
  fanny packs . 
  never . 
  not ever . 
  this is a basic advice for everyday life , not just latin america . 
  he just does n't have enough oxygen . 
  joy of tech sucks . 
  now now , let 's be fair . 
  there 's a lot more wrong with america than that . 
  to be fair , even on reddit when something like this happens , everyone goes into `` patriot mode '' and shouts : `` america , fuck yeah !, 
  '' , this time without irony . 
  in comparison to opera , no it does n't . 
  one thing are features that you care about and the other are just pure features . 
  opera has an e-mail , irc , news , rss client , unite , widgets , extensions , panels , gestures , skins , torrent client , synchronisation ... all in more than half the size of chrome . 
  i use both browsers , but ever since version 7 , opera is the only browser i imagine myself working in . 
  they enjoy direct democracy , a system that does n't work as well in other places . 
  [ article ] ( http://www.economist.com/node/15127600?story_id=e1_tvtnsgdd ) . 
  in that case both pdf and mp3 you mentioned for chrome do n't mean anything as a feature . 
  what is a feature then ? 
  i do n't get this . 
  when i was a kid i had a pc , i had a gameboy for some time , then consoles came , but i still played outside most of the time . 
  even today when you can get a ps2 for next to nothing ( even in my central / eastern european country ) kids play on the street , every warm day fills the playgrounds , football and baskeball courts with kids . 
  we get it . 
  you played outside as a kid . 
  does n't make you any better . 
  dead ? 
  for a community dedicated only to pictures of girls with glasses , we have a steady run of about two posts a day . 
  considering the amount of awesome subreddits i 'm subscribed to i think that 's enough . 
  smells like viral astroturfing ... 
  ** boycott l.a. 
  * must kill the prime minister of malaysia *, 
  so does native pdf ( the only feature you mentioned that opera does n't have ) make chrome a more feature stacked browser ? 
  i 'm not sold on your reasoning that chrome opening one type of file is a feature , but opera opening one type of file is n't , but we can skip that . 
  i 'm just interested why do you thing chrome has more features ? 
  if anything , chrome has a reputation of being minimalistic and being feature buffed is n't google 's mission with it . 
  so let 's say i want the first cod : bo map pack for singleplayer use .
