  it 's just flashbacks now . 
  nope , i googled what i can and checked wikipedia before posting . 
  a lot of countries have blank medium tax , which makes me not one bit sorry for pirating stuff , since i already paid for it . 
  it certainly was n't local , but i ca n't remember if it was translated or not . 
  possibly from french , maybe from english . 
  did n't we have an astronaut ama a long time ago ? 
  some of those are n't conflicts or are a part of a larger conflict . 
  waco was a law enforcement operation gone wrong , not a war . 
  also , i would love to see historic boundaries , but that 's an obvious limitation of google maps . 
  very good work . 
  i 'm a wwii nerd since i was a kid , but some of my friends got respect for that generation or any veteran * because * of cod and war movies . 
  nobody is that stupid to compare a video game to real life , but having seen such realistic violence in a movie , and `` reliving '' history with a game , you develop more respect for that generation . 
  schools force kids to learn it , which is why they get defensive and start to hate history . 
  that can be avoided with a good teacher , though . 
  if even one out of a hundred cod kids googles the guy who made the quote that shows up when they get killed in the game , it 's worth it . 
  is n't there a legal reason for this ? 
  sort of like why amazon sometimes requires the user to put an item into the basket before showing the price ? 
  read about it somewhere but do n't remember the details . 
  proportional representation ? 
  av is just a compromise between pr and fptp . 
  oh man , i loved weeds . 
  too bad it was canceled after season 3 when the whole cast and crew died in a brutal fire . 
   lowest percent children ages 0-5 who read every day, 
  umm ... do n't most kids learn to read around age 5 or 6 ? 
  edit : thank you for your responses everyone , but my point was that this statistic does n't mean much in the grand scheme of things . 
  but we would have suzie q !, 
  ( ok , it was written in louisiana , but close enough ), 
  well if you are against interracial marriage you 're liberal only in your head . 
  sort of like the democratic party , which would be center right in most countries in europe . 
  so you will petition your government to return reparations germany made for wwi ? 
  the last one was paid not 6 months ago , for something that happened almost a hundred years ago . 
  i sense your definition of liberal differs from mine . 
  but do n't let that stop you from making unfounded general accusations towards a large part of the population . 
  not pictured : two hs produkt executives arrested yesterday . 
  thanks very much for your help , i 'm going on a quest to local libraries to find it . 
  i 'm reading red storm rising right now . 
  i guess i should try wwiii next ? 
  if i see hand drawn credits one more fucking time ... 
  i agree that we should n't post personal information . 
  but were n't the two links articles at a publication , bound by law about disclosing personal information ? 
  i 'm all for stopping witchhunts and not disclosing names and addresses , but that was a very public information . 
  i get the point , but was n't the original post pretty long ? 
  and were n't the articles just reports of the event ? 
  you probably did the right thing , but i would n't go hard on op , just on the people posting personal info . 
  it 's amazing she 's still alive , considering the parent she was left . 
  first link in english i found : http://thetruthaboutguns.com/2011/04/dino-perkovic/hs-produkt-owners-manufacturer-of-xd-pistols-arrested-for-bribes/, 
  i feel so dumb now . 
  he is very well known in europe , which is n't surprising considering everything he has accomplished in multiple fields . 
  maybe it 's on a national basis , since when he had a conference here a couple of years ago it was on the national news . 
  his books are on prominent places in bookstores , even smaller ones , many of them are translated and while i usually have to order books off amazon , the three chomsky books i own were very easy to find . 
   edit : it 's the dress that deserves the credit, 
  is a black president proof that a nation is n't racist ? 
  replace black with muslim and you have a definitive `` hell no '' . 
  lobbying is something i can hardly look at as legal , but you have to play with the cards that are dealt . 
  fight them at their own game . 
  some other profound statement . 
  actually , the nina was really called santa clara and was only nicknamed that . 
  i feel guilty for paying less than 1000 dollars per year for college . 
  well that and being in a class with 70 % of women . 
  it 's not only about the money , it 's what you get for it and what you get for giving a bigger part to the government in form of taxes . 
  sweden ( i 'm actually travelling there in two days ) seems to perfect that . 
   the garbage content they put on the net, 
  it may be inferior to the written edition , but let 's get real for a second , the economist is still two leagues above most popular news sites . 
  so let 's say i plugin a 3g stick , connect it to a battery , put a mobile display and take the ps3 outside . 
  would it be exempt ? 
  oh gawd , that 's some good sauce . 
  nomeansno and i have a date on the 25th . 
  missed them three times , but not again . 
  92000 is a very conservative estimate , [ most of them ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/casualties_of_the_iraq_war ) are well over 100k . 
  very interesting , especially the iran issue , which i did n't really think about . 
  what do you think of brazil 's chances at the un ? 
  india and japan have solid grounds , canada missed the train it seems , and if france is in , germany pretty much has to , right ? 
  i had no idea lcd soundsystem was so big . 
  looking forward to the show , considering the band is 8th on my last.fm all time artist list . 
  he has that reputation , but the two concerts he had in my country in the last three years were really different . 
  the first one was sucky , but the second was hailed as one of the best concerts of a ( very good ) season . 
  it seems that not every show sucks . 
  iggy and the stooges were awesome when i saw them a couple of years back , iggy still has the energy to jump around and the band rocked . 
   i did a tour in iraq where i was able to travel to numerous villages and towns with the sole purpose of handing out goods ( water , food , toys , school materials ) and doing our best to supply the spare generators we had acquired so they could have some electricity . 
  you could have easily been ordered to shoot at the same people , and suffer a great punishment for not doing what you are told . 
  i for one am equally liberal and not poor , but wo n't put myself in a situation to kill another human . 
  thanks for the info . 
  i 'm a big pixies fan so i already know about debaser . 
  saw the hanson brothers so i have a taste of what 's to come . 
  there 's a chance i could interview them , really hope they 'll find the time . 
  vista was a solid os and the backlash against it was unfair and radical . 
  as soon as the first problems were ironed out , it was normal and functional . 
  windows 7 is a vista sp with a different skin . 
  `` leaked '', 
  my two cents :, 
  - russia , trying to get belarus away from europe, 
  - lukashenko , trying to get more power or free hands for pursuit of political enemies, 
  - kgb or other secret services acting hardline, 
  - internal dissent groups, 
  i 've got a couple of problems with every theory listed , but outside the skinhead angle , these are the only options i can think about . 
  he laughed !, 
  was . 
  he quit and was disappointed that reddit did n't care . 
  as a croat : about time . 
  they are responsible and should suffer the consequnces .
