  well it 's not rude , but not an elegant solution as most people here like to put it . 
  a simple `` no , thanks '' would suffice . 
  on another note : i oppose organized religion , but went to a mosque , a church and a temple , out of curiosity . 
  she should do the same thing with his kid one day , not in the `` pick one '' contest , but just for him to see what the fuss is . 
  if he is raised atheist he will have * a lot * of friends going to churches , so it 's better he learned this from his mom . 
  the lib dems have a * smaller * presence , not small , it 's almost impossible to see a third us party with around 10 % less votes than the first . 
  i do n't understand why you dislike coalitions . 
  yes , the government may be less able to do make some decisions , but this is all in the spirit of pluralism and democracy . 
  yes , the lib dems have a smaller presence but they end up being an important factor . 
  a similar thing happens in the us anyway , when one party holds the senat or congress and another presidency , right ? 
  this way there is a consensus in the highest form of government before sending proposals to the parliament . 
  i 'd really like to see a set of good arguments why the two party system is better than this `` european '' model . 
  well maybe for you , i wait minutes for it . 
  reinstall , the same thing . 
  as i said , * your * zune software works great , on * your * music collection . 
  for me , it 's slow as crap and nothing i 've done helped it . 
  screw you british , the rest of the world wants some charlie brooker on tv , too !, 
  yep , we 're kinda proud about that one . 
  also , torpedo , termofor , pen and the parachute . 
  faust vrancic ( veranzio ) designed a parachute and used it after examining leonardo 's plans , but changed some things . 
  like the airplane , radio and light bulb , plenty of people were working on it at the same time . 
  penkala , who made the pen and other stuff , was working on an airplane in the same time as the wright brothers , he made his first succesful flight only two years later , on an airfield close to my house . 
  skip venice , it very overrated . 
  you 'll visit the main cities , but try to find out which of the smaller ones are worthy , everyone who travels to europe will see amsterdam and prague , but give yourself time and see krakow , normandy , zagreb , tuscany , the alps ... 
  windows and ms office have been translated to croatian for years , but except in schools nobody uses it . 
  i can respect my language , but english is universal in it . 
  change your surname to mcclane . 
  yes . 
  we would also benefit from medical testing on humans , mengele style . 
  that does n't make it morally right . 
  groundhog day ... every day . 
  y' know , i could n't remember that one . 
  wikipedia does n't have much on fictive ( hah , that 's what they think ) people named john and the only ones i could think of were mcclane and rambo . 
  round up a gauntlet with the most evil people on earth . 
  who wins in a kill or be kill tournament shall face the ultimate [ evil ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/henry_kissinger ), 
  also , shoot cheney in the start , he would somehow cheat . 
  somewhere in europe , i 'd avoid the huge cities and stick with smaller ones with a million people max . 
  since i used it since the dawn of time most people know . 
  it did came back to haunt me a couple of times , but i 'm sticking with it . 
  i 'm counting on people 's lack of will to google it . 
  brits ? 
  try normal people . 
  they should pay the people money they deserve and not ask us for paying our drinks/food and the service . 
  everything should be in the price . 
   but there are plenty of people who would never go 40 minutes out of their way for drinks, 
  this was always mind boggling to me ... 
  i can get to three other countries in 40 minutes , go skiing or take a swim in the sea . 
  in the us 40 minutes is a normal drive to work . 
  from now on , we will all be the same, 
  not funny man , even priests are people . 
  i have an old pc under my tv . 
  it has more than a terabyte of storage so it acts as a torrent machine , htpc , web server for some local stuff and file server . 
  all the other pc 's in the house stream music and video from it , saving storage space on laptops . 
  who ordered the assassination of jfk ? 
  ( simply put : who killed jfk ? ), 
  kill hitler . 
  yes , but i 'm really really curious . 
  [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/croatian_war_of_independence ) one . 
  that 's interesting ... 
  the first three numbers are my first three id numbers . 
  damn . 
  just ... damn . 
  i almost ended up there . 
  university of zagreb , faculty of political science , journalism undergrad . 
  johnny bravo , zapp brannigan and captain planet . 
  oh and blossom . 
  mostly , i like people by default . 
  i call people i know friends , except in cases when i do n't like them for some reason which was later revealed . 
  * with a southern accent *, 
  do you have something southern in you ? 
  * she says no *, 
  would you like to ? 
  the hold steady - boys and girls in america, 
  i was waiting on the tram station , turned around for a second and the tram hit the lady that was standing beside me a second ago . 
  the best part was that i was the only one who stayed with her until the ambulance and police came and was the only witness . 
  the cop said in the end that , essentially , i have to decide who 's fault was it . 
  even fugazi ? 
  i 'm from zagreb . 
  i 'm very sorry to hear that , since i 'm in love with it . 
  now there 's a zagreb - rijeka highway , i drove on it a couple of weeks ago . 
  it 's max two hours to get there ... 
  same with the zagreb - split highway , you can get anywhere in no time . 
  as for the music ? 
  not my cup of tea , but cool . 
  it 's always like this in music threads . 
  because i got high ? 
  this one is n't in english but it 's kickass . 
  the lyrics are from anti-drug pamphlets and it was almost banned because at the time it came out tito died and everything was under a more strict analysis from the system . 
  [ bludozer - okrutni bogovi istoka ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-qdxypgcklm ), 
  this is funny as hell for me ... t-mobile ( croatia ) had a thing for a couple of years where you get payed when people call you . 
  it was something like a tenth of the price of a minute , for a minute . 
  the price was the same for the person who was calling you . 
  turn in your badge and your gun !, 
  i do n't want to see you near this investigation !, 
  i 'm ashamed i did n't know it was n't a clapton song in the original . 
   that ** bitch ** yoko ono, 
  ftfy, 
  well , except zlatko pejakovic , none of them were really stars . 
  it 's actually a meat puppets song , nirvana only covered it . 
  expecting to see a shitload of stairways to heaven and then ... zero ?
