  the problem is i was there with my school class , and we came from croatia which had its fair share of communism so the museum of communism was a too controversial visit . 
  sex machines museum is mostly a joke , i too have my doubts about its cultural value . 
  first with , but we were young and dumb ( er ) and did n't do it right , we did n't have the equipment and mostly drank the stuff without it . 
  later we could only find the commercial absinth which is nothing like the real thing . 
  mostly apple users are like that , buying one product sucks people into a vortex of appleware . 
  microsoft makes a wide range of products , but not many people will own all of them , not because they 're bad , but because it does n't make sense . 
  but i got ta admit that there was a moment when i had everything from my pc and phone os to my keyboard , mp3 player and console from microsoft . 
  luckily , a brief moment . 
  i 'm european , and the two types i 'm talking about are absinth , the real thing , and store bought liquor that calls itself absinth but is actually some crap with a similar , but more mint taste . 
  and of course the higher alcohol percentage . 
  no , we already bought it distilled , not in the store of course . 
  i presume it was home made , or otherwise `` ghetto '' , because it was a cheap bottle with some old style paper sign on it . 
  the dumb kids we were ( heh , i just finished high school two months ago ) we mostly spoiled it with too much water or other bad preparations , but since it was always brought up late in the party the strong taste did n't bother me much . 
  it sounds interesting , i 'd like to hear more . 
  i see you have n't met my friend , htc hero . 
  also , google has nothing to do with this . 
  this is elitist of me , but i hate people who come to their first concert and then tell everybody how to act . 
  i have it visualized : early 20s or teen girl , finds out that a popular band is coming and goes to the show without knowing more than two songs . 
  then she gets annoyed by the moshing but still insists to stand in the middle of it , then she ca n't handle people jumping or dancing , then it 's too loud ... 
  it 's a concert , not the theatre . 
  if it was a slow acoustic set , then ok , but it was fucking iggy pop !, 
  read [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/reddit.com/comments/95ll6/this_is_a_friends_laptop_powered_on_for_the_first/c0bikp0 ), 
  i review laptops for a living and the only choice i had for a laptop was a lenovo . 
  thinkpads have impressed me for years , but only toshiba had a 13,3 '' laptop for such a low price , and i was thin on money then . 
  on a big laptop test i did ( with 40 units ) , the toshiba ended as the best buy , with good performance for a low price . 
  i agree with you , but i think toshiba has by far the best warranty in this case . 
  c'mon , loosing your job and getting your money back ? 
  i believe that lenovo has a good policy , but toshiba is very liberal in this regard . 
  as other people say , your reply is sensible and nice etc. 
  but it 's 80 000 dollars , not something you forget in your pocket or leave at the store . 
  this is the money that was given to him for a good education , and a thieving liar took it . 
  the first thing i ca n't believe is that a father could do something like this to his son . 
  the second thing i cant believe is that college costs so much in the us . 
  80k usd would pay me ** 63 years ** of college . 
  but it 's probably the same issue as healthcare . 
  i woud n't take your proposal into consideration , how noble it may be . 
  my advice is to confront him , possibly with other family members , and make him to admit what happened . 
  maybe , just maybe , the money was well spent . 
  if that does n't fly ( and suspecting by your description of him , it wo n't ) give him a chance to bail out , offer him a payment plan , or another way to redeem himself . 
  only after that call the lawyer . 
  do an iama , i 'm sure people would have plenty questions for you . 
  i know i would . 
  [ related ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oifltnyi3ls ), 
  i pay 800 euros a year , but 40 % of the students do n't pay anything . 
  on most universities top students pay nothing and the scale rises proportionatly to the results of the entrance exam . 
  so if they accept 500 people the first 100 pay nothing and person 101 pays 1 euro . 
  last 100 pay 800 euros and people in between pay on a proportional scale . 
  that 's the thing i love most about the us ... doggy bags . 
  europe needs to get this tradition . 
  the problem is reservoir dogs and pulp fiction were so good movies that the bar is forever up in the sky , somewhere no one can reach . 
  in my not so humble opinion , pulp fiction is the best movie ever made , and after that i realized nothing would come close and i should n't hope . 
  that 's why i like qt 's movies even today . 
  forget about the past and the future will excite you . 
  what is this doing in the geek subreddits ? 
  why is n't it in technology ? 
  do i really have to subscribe to 95 reddits so i can get info that belongs into one ? 
  please tell that to the italians , too . 
  there 's a group of junkies in my neigborhood but everybody knows them and they 're not a threat to anyone except themselves . 
  we keep our doors open most of the time , something my cousins from the us could n't believe . 
  location is zagreb , croatia . 
  just the username , i use it everywhere . 
  it 's like a second name sometimes . 
  patriotism is your conviction that this country is superior to all other countries because you were born in it . 
  - george bernard shaw, 
  so , what does a country mean to you ? 
  nothing except friend , family and surroundings you 're familiar with . 
  you are the most important thing in your life , everything you do is for your happiness , and why fool yourself here if you can go somewhere you 'd like more ? 
  [ hair ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fhnrqc6yvtu ) . 
  listen to this and tell me you did n't get the chills on this part :, 
   wearing smells from laboratories, 
  facing a dying nation, 
  also , rambo 4 . 
  i always looked at it as a dumb action movie but after some while i started looking at it from another angle . 
  war really is brutal hell and shows what happens when the international community turns a blind eye on things . 
  and here i am , importing women from russia ... 
  and i do n't see no horns on you , boy . 
  i watched half of those bands in the last two years , do i win a cookie ? 
  we established the other day that europeans with universal healthcare and free education do n't necessarily have higher taxes than people in the us . 
  i have something like 35 % tax rate and have a virtually free healthcare and education . 
  bitch :(, 
  i hate jokes on the internet , i 'm always checking for a bel air and read the punchline first . 
  crap . 
  it 's still a good joke . 
   start issuing commands and acting ; and she obeys . 
  i like where this is going . 
  well , most people would have sex with her if she offered . 
  it 's a disease , not something you can control . 
  to make up a dumb analogy , that 's like putting people to jail because they fart a lot . 
  farts do n't do much damage , unlike theft , but it is not something he can control . 
  he is doing a bad thing with this , but he should be treated , not sent to jail . 
  zanzibar is an archipelago off the coast of east africa . 
  sorry to dissapoint you . 
  tourist or business ? 
  like food ? 
  like bacon ? 
  like the probability of a heart attack ? 
  you got ta try some chevapi somewhere . 
  if you want a reccomendation for anything send me a pm , i was a tourist guide a while ago so i know places . 
  tough luck with that , not many places have pinball ... actually , i ca n't think of one . 
  but pool , fusball and darts are n't a problem , if you 're into that .
