  the largest group in the us are germans . 
  rollins has been around 8 years longer , there are dozens of people who have been playing decades longer than green day . 
  somebody forward this to google please . 
  that does n't look like much . 
  you 've been jewed out of some ash . 
  too complicated . 
  there are hundreds of missing persons websites that need to be scrapped in a lot of countries , to do the thing right would be a massive waste of time that probably wo n't do any good . 
  everyone always goes to the comments for the name . 
  it 's the toshiba at100 . 
  you 're welcome . 
  people liked it and commented . 
  somebody does care . 
  find someone who can make a script that would auto-ban every link posted more than x times before . 
  it can be done . 
  if you do n't put your foot down you 'll get psycho killer all over again . 
  where i live ( croatia ) we have two kinds of high schools . 
  a gymnasium where you learn everything from languages to geography , physics and other stuff . 
  something like the average us high school . 
  vocational schools on the other hand make you ready to enter the workforce without college if you do n't want to have a higher education . 
  they last three or four years and you can choose anything from veterinary to technical , agriculture , graphics , art , medical , economics ... 
  france exports more culture than the british ? 
  that 's nonsense . 
  not that i have anything against the french , but when you compare the number of speakers it 's already game over , without making a list of books , albums and movies sold . 
  like toyota pickup trucks in iraq today . 
   idiote . 
  it 's 48th in size . 
  o da . 
   german americans made up 17.1 % of the u.s. population followed by irish americans at 12 % as counted in the 2000 u.s. census . 
  this makes german the largest , and irish the second-largest , self-reported ancestry groups in the u.s. 
  from wikipedia . 
  the reddit of old had a guy for dick pics . 
  i went to see the new bourne the other day ( it was awful ) and waiting in line for the popcorns is the croatian president and his wife . 
  his bodyguard took his distance and our prez watched the movie like anyone else . 
  it was cool . 
  then again he is a [ cool guy ] ( http://img851.imageshack.us/img851/8397/xbmsi.jpg ) who 's writing an opera about john lennon and has an approval rating of 77 %, 
  it 's missing like a thousand breweries in croatia . 
  i loved the other bournes and had a marathon yesterday to remind myself how awesome they were . 
  the new one is bourne in name only and has nothing to do with the trilogy . 
  ignore it like it never happened . 
  nope . 
  do you have a link ? 
  7 weeks and almost no eastern europe ? 
  there 's more than prague you know . 
  great . 
  thanks . 
  had the privilege of fondling every fighter saab made since wwii . 
  the gripen is beautiful . 
  not to mention \u010devapi . 
  jigga please . 
  one guy did this in 1981 in zagreb , croatia ( then yugoslavia ) as a performance . 
  he walked out of a house in the center of the city and started kissing the road and people and shouting `` i love zagreb ! '', 
  toughest to conceal though . 
  some countries have old traditions where you dress up ( not necessarily in scary costumes ) and go door to door for candy or whatever . 
  only recently costumes started being scary and some kids go out like that on halloween , slowly killing a 200 year tradition . 
  people say smartphone , but have no idea what it means or what it is , except they picture the iphone ( or any other touchscreen phone ) and think it is the only way to surf the web or do anything except calls and messages . 
  i found the cheapest prepaid phone at&t has : 20 bucks for the huawei u2800a . 
  it supports j2me so you can install opera mini to surf and [ some of these ] ( http://beantin.se/post/1391413253/best-qr-code-reader-scanner-java-mobile-app ) to read a qr code . 
  it has a shitty screen so it probably will be awful to read on it , but that 's life with cheap things . 
  i used to do things like that with my phone back in 2005 when smartphones were expensive and i was a teenager . 
  excuse my ignorance , what is this ? 
  having something like 15 hours to spare , my friend and i walked from the airport to some town in denmark , bought as much beer as we could carry and walked back before passing out waiting for our flight . 
  we need to have a beard week here . 
  bbbzzzzzzzzzz, 
  before check in . 
  old . 
  [ new ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/06/north_atlantic_treaty_organization_%28orthographic_projection%29.svg/1000px-north_atlantic_treaty_organization_%28orthographic_projection%29.svg.png ) . 
  sweden is n't a member only on paper . 
  `` may you live in interesting times '' - chinese curse . 
  there 's no security before check in . 
  we just entered the airport , found a bench and drank . 
  how big is this thing ? 
  say what you will about ol' mittens , but the guy has beautiful hair . 
   pursue the formation of a `` reagan economic zone . '', 
  i do n't even ... ugh . 
  reminds me of [ dan harmon 's formula ] ( http://scheincommunications.com/an-8-step-formula-for-successful-storytelling-in-business-from-community-creator-dan-harmon/ ) . 
  i 'm worried about too much micromanaging . 
  sims even have a name !, 
  how can i keep up when i make a massive city ? 
  edit : what did i do ? 
  it 's indicative of the scope they are going for . 
  s3k was the last one i played . 
  i 'm fairly sure i saw an australian movie about a post office employee who desperately wanted to deliver a letter . 
  agree . 
  i 'm a regular here but got downvoted to hell in the sim city thread for a constructive complaint about the game . 
  or he 's maybe the same person ? 
  i first heard here 's your future on weeds and found out who the band is . 
  years later they are one of my favorite bands , and i got the chance to listen to them twice and interview them once . 
  awesome people . 
  but you have to admit it sounds great . 
  tradition or nobody made it to more ? 
  ot : i love that museum . 
  adore it . 
  nothing wrong with that . 
  is this really the last gathering of monarchs ? 
  they wrote some of the most memorable songs of the 90s , and made a great blend of pop sensitivities and solid guitars . 
  most of their stuff was tight and although formulaic at times , they still had enough sas to stand out . 
  noel is the prototype douche so there 's that too . 
  the monument is in bih , nothing to do with serbia . 
  hey , fucko , we like to call it inter-species erotica . 
  poigrao sam se s hrpom tableta i hrpom e-book readera .
