  i hate all of them , not just justin . 
  does that answer the question ? 
  120 comments and not one about what the hell is this about , or maybe a mini review , just circlejerking quotes . 
  does anyone else feel hungry ? 
  i 'm gon na go take a snack . 
  that was one of the first rock and roll songs , and you could say that it 's engraved in music history , dumb lyrics or not . 
   mission set during the 6 day war, 
  that would be very cool . 
  the tie was first used by croat soldiers in france . 
  one theory is that croats came to present day croatia from iran , and got their ( our ) name from an iranian lake . 
  i keep my essential pages in the bookmark bar so speed dial is n't so important for me . 
  non us , uk and germany . 
  not having seen all the movies yet - i love every actor in the picture . 
  maybe jesse a little less than the others . 
   removal of personal tags, 
  since when ? 
  my tags are still in place . 
  of course it would n't , jesus is the english translation . 
  great list . 
   david finch, 
  it 's fincher . 
  screenshot or mirror ? 
  the link is down . 
  i just want a caravan for me ma . 
  most of the names here suck . 
  get something original and * googleable * . 
  there are a lot of religious countries that elected atheist or agnostic leaders . 
  the search for the real slim shady is far from over . 
  counting down minutes until it 's on youtube ... 
  oh you poor deluded person . 
  thank you . 
  i did n't search it , just looked if zthemusic has it . 
  i 'm surprised . 
  is n't guitar hero really profitable ? 
  the quality has been going downhill for years , but when has that stopped anyone from making money ? 
  some of us think that objective news is n't possible , or simply prefer news that are closer to what we think is right and true . 
  that 's why i like al jazeera . 
  they 're not arrogant and have integrity . 
   in january 2011 , franklin sponsored a bill that would do away with driver \u2032 s licenses in the state of georgia . 
  franklin stated that the licenses represented `` oppressive times '' and `` licensing of drivers can not be required of free people , because taking on the restrictions of a license requires the surrender of an inalienable right . '' he further stated that the freedom of movement by operating an automobile should be open to all americans , regardless of age or driving skills . 
  he cemented these beliefs by noting that he does not object to 12 year old children driving cars on georgia highways, 
  holy shit . 
  had to learn that in elementary school just because he was born in my country . 
  holy shit . 
  nothing personal , but this just sounds wrong . 
  most of the states in your country prohibit you from drinking a beer until you 're 21 , but you can be sent out to kill people even when underage . 
  a lot of countries have lower drinking ages that start at 16 , and less opression leads to less abuses of alcohol . 
  yes , i 'm sorry , beating a dead horse . 
  i was just surprised that i 'm scratching my balls and living my life when someone my age ( even younger ) is going to war . 
  and it 's legal . 
  but it 's unlikely you 'll be sent to war if you do n't want to . 
  n-gage represent . 
   do n't feel bad about craving meat afterward, 
  this sounds disturbing . 
  the same as matija gubec in croatia a couple of years after him . 
  he led a peasant revolt , got captured and forced to carry a red hot crown and later quartered . 
  the only living witness to rebellion is a linden tree where the leaders used to meet . 
  it is still standing in his hometown , and so are the parts of the church where we was tortured . 
  they made a pretty cool rock opera about it . 
  as someone already mentioned , farmers often used to carry scarfs either on their head to shield them from the sun or around the neck to mop up sweat . 
  i presume it came from that because i still see people in the croatian countryside doing the same thing . 
  leela and liz lemon . 
  it was discovered that the story is just pentagon pr bullshit . 
   we did n't seem to get too bored with those games , did we ? 
  we were much younger . 
  not russian myself , but eastern european socialist/communist countries had a high respect of chess . 
  it was very popular , along with chess stars , clubs and classes . 
  what 's with the downvotes ? 
  some might find those comics funny and he said it was nsfw . 
  do n't be fucking prudes . 
  [ obvious answer ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kxgbn81zng8 ), 
  a lot of these things are possible with todays technology , but nothing is seamless . 
  the woman on the bus station did what i wanted to do hundreds of times , but in a present day implementation i would be missing some proprietary software , stupid data fee or something else . 
  i just want seamless integration . 
  am i asking for much ? 
  holy shit , that 's [ young indiana jones ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sean_patrick_flanery ) . 
  i 'd make it more aggressive , but it 's currently my favourite . 
  op do n't have kids !, 
  it 's the 100th birthday of hajduk football club from split . 
  you can see other photos here : http://sportske.jutarnji.hr/sto-godina-hajduka/925091/, 
  maybe if he saw a naked woman before that he would n't have the need to touch a seven year old one . 
  just a guess , i 'm not a professional but i think that could be a big factor . 
  lots of people go on pills and do n't have the need to touch prepubescent girls . 
  edit : op even says so :, 
   i grew up home-schooled and had never seen a naked woman before , so i had an attraction ( curiosity ? ), 
  to females of a broad age range . 
  i wanted to see what was down there . 
  can i use my `` epic '' from last year ? 
  the amount of moist in this thread is enormous . 
  i like radiohead , but keep your pants on people . 
  apple lifted the ui from creative . 
  they later gave them $ 100m for settling . 
  it 's funnier when you read this in the voice of doug from weeds . 
  ( you know , that show that was cancelled after three great seasons ), 
  i thought it would be in the shape of a giant cock . 
   this video contains content from umg . 
  it is not available in your country . 
  sorry about that . 
  reminds me of the croatian national energy company [ logo ] ( http://www.prkos.com/gn/slike/gn_slike_3/r1/g2009/m02/x45619194830662225053.gif ) . 
  not accusing or anything , good work .
