  you 're comparing joe mccarthy and the kkk with hitler and mussolini ? 
  my grandma 's mom almost got executed by the fascists 60-something years ago . 
  my whole street had one body per tree when the rode into town . 
  fascists killed hundreds of thousands of people in my country ... 
  and you 're comparing that with the fact that the us has a foreign policy with mussolini and hitler ? 
  ok , they 're not big , but ... 
  i saw black rebel motorcycle club , playing an acousic improvised show in front of a venue where they should have opened for lenny kravitz , but he canceled . 
  that night they had a free concert in a club . 
  i think we all admit that this is a thing that the iphone is better at , when looking at the default setup . 
  no questions asked about that . 
  but what people are complaining about is that this is so banal and trivial that it 's laughable . 
  you can make a screenshot on an iphone faster and better than on an android ? 
  i 'm sure this is a huge selling point for both platforms . 
  while we 're at the subject , why does n't anyone make a similar , pic by pic tutorial how stuff is done on each platform . 
  how many clicks for an e-mail , how many screens for a google search , who can find the nearest restaurant faster ? 
  not freaking screenshots . 
  this is better than most of the movies i saw . 
  someone said that in our time and age ads have become an important medium of creativity . 
  although it 's guy ritchie so you know it 's gon na kick ass . 
  it 's not even close . 
  europe has experienced the worst such ideologies can bring on nations with millions dead and with reprecussions that will last for decades to come , while the us had a somewhat right wing government and a couple of groups terrorising citizens . 
  so you 're saying that the kkk is more fascist than ... 
  the fascists ? 
  the nazis ? 
  i 'm not sure you get the point here , millions of bodies are not only quantity , it kinda proves the quality of their cause . 
  the kkk can be blamed for at most 5000 killed , and at their height violence was mostly limited to the south . 
  an europe ... fascist here had death camps , ran countries and waged wars . 
  their policies were more extreme than the kkk which , i have to point out , was only an organization . 
  i do n't think slave trade can be compared to fascism , they type we 're talking about is 20th century nationalism fascism , not just hating people of other races or religions . 
  if you want to argue on the terms of slave trade , we can go back to the roman empire and i do n't have to remind you that it existed for a bit longer than 300 years . 
  i 'm going back to my original argument . 
  fascist in europe ruled countries . 
  fascist in the us rules counties . 
  this is both a matter of scale and quality , meaning that they were never serious or strong enough to make a large impact . 
  unless you were black and living in the south , the american form of fascism did n't really matter to an average person . 
  i 'll give you that the us had some experience with fascism , but extreme as it were it was mostly local and scattered . 
  and i do n't understand why do n't accept a quantitative argument : my first reply was comparing the scope of fascism in europe and the us . 
  you have to admit that mccarthy and hitler are not in the same ballpark , and that was my point . 
  i still stand by that - an average american has n't seen fascism and it has a radically smaller effect on him than an average european . 
  that 's the way you measure impact of an ideology on a nation . 
  this is an argument i 'm having , and i 'd like to hear some more opinions on this . 
  garybusey-esquire and me have kept this on a civil level and i 'd like it to stay that way . 
  well if we go that far up , i guess we both agree . 
  america has had brushes with fascism , no doubt about it . 
  i was just alarmed at the analogies mostly because of my families experience with a regime that acted on their ideology to the extremes . 
  thanks for the compliment , this discussion is interesting to me , i 've linked it to [ r/history ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/history/comments/cbs2k/so_rhistory_do_you_think_the_us_had_more/ ) but i guess i missed the point ( absolutism vs. scale ) . 
  it 's a subreddit that 's more prone to healthy discussions than this one so i guess we 'll have more material there , 
  i 'd be happy if he can send proof to a moderator . 
  if it 's sensitive proof they can delete it and just crack a gold star . 
   yeah , android is designed to work with touch screens, 
  negative . 
  when android was announced , google ( or oha ) said that it would work with non-touchscreens as well , but i guess that 's either down the road or nobody showed any interest in it . 
  [ related article ] ( http://www.smh.com.au/world/revealed-burmax2019s-nuclear-bombshell-20090731-e4fw.html ) , august 1 , 2009 . 
  damnit , i hate when i get ideas from sites like yahoo !, 
  answers . 
  is it over yuri ? 
  no comrade general , it has only begun . 
  [ cue hell march ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9wqwfhx6cqg ), 
  i started watching sons of anarchy two days ago , the first season glued me to the screen , now i 'm nervously waiting for the second one to download . 
  ( if your nickname is a reference to that show . 
  if it 's not please ignore me ), 
   no greentext, 
   my mind is full of fuck, 
  hm , i saw the same question somewhere about a week ago ... 
  anyway , the answer was that he maybe killed one guy , but there was not enough evidence for that . 
  i 'm slow to upgrade because opera always forgets to transfer some of my data , so it 's an old version . 
  this is just marketing talk for `` it 's more powerful than a wii '' , which is really not hard to do . 
  here in the balkans we call it bambus and it 's pretty popular among kids . 
  you can get a cheap wine and knock off cola for $ 5 . 
  pulp fiction and fight club . 
  ... fuck , i 'm the most typical redditor there is . 
  wow , this is like apple vs. adobe all over again . 
  i simply do n't know who i hate more . 
  voting on the referendum today ? 
  this is no better than sites that used to alarm me that i do n't have ie so i ca n't use them . 
  serve me the fucking content , alarm me that my browser is crap , but then fuck off . 
  i 'm here to find information , not to get a preaching that my company has a dumb policy on browsers . 
  any site that does this does n't deserve my attention and i 'll be sure to avoid it when i 'm at home , using opera or chrome . 
  gizmodo will still publish apple stories , but other sites will get the message not to fuck with them . 
  apple wins . 
  let 's put it this way : would you rather watch bbc or fox news ? 
  i 'm not sure of the details in the treaty , but i think it will somewhat correct the recent bad relations between our two countries . 
  also , what is the stance of the parties towards expanding the eu , namely croatia ? 
  i was talking in general , not only this situation . 
  reddit is about to go apeshit over the fact that you 're not only a pokemon ... something , but a girl too . 
  well i feel uncomfortable now :(, 
  eu is about economy and free trade , then after that goes everything else . 
  currently , there is a limited foreign and military policy , so that goes on the member states more than on bruxelles . 
  they are playing a show in italy today and i ca n't go :(, 
  no , it 's not . 
  the eu ca n't be compared to the us in anything except economic cooperation and influence on the world . 
  not because he 's gay , but because of my rash judgement . 
  i would have just let it stay there , but noooo , you had to mention searching for that !, 
  while that is a thoughtful gesture , i 'm not sure i agree with it . 
  until the regular citizen of israel feels the pain of the blockade on their own skin ( even though it 's a simple concert ) gestures like this are too small to make a difference . 
  rod stewart seems like a severe enough punishment for israel . 
  to go buy some beer or is the austrian beer collection in my fridge enough ? 
  i 'm planning a trip to a music festival later next week ( john garcia plays kyuss !, 
  ) , writing an album review , making some notes for other reviews and mentally preparing to watch amelie tonight . 
  it takes time to download something , and even the most popular shows are sometimes hours away from watching .
