  we lived on american movies , american music , american history ... and we still do . 
  the cultural reach of the usa is magnificent , something that was never and never will be matched . 
  that 's why shit that happens in your country is in no way an internal matter , and after you elected bush ( and i got older and saw the bad stuff ) the truth came out . 
  the healthcare debate is just a big wtf from the rest of the civilized world that thought stuff like this does n't happen there . 
  well , it does . 
  does n't have to be ... 
  i did n't notice sarcasm and irony . 
  i saw this , but it looked so normal that i did n't notice . 
  even more [ popular ] ( http://www.unwiredview.com/2009/06/03/opera-overtakes-iphones-safari-browser-in-popularity/ ) than safari . 
  it 's not profitable to make reliable cars anymore . 
  not owning a ds . 
  edit : it 's just like , my opinion people . 
  adjust your tv , secam . 
  95 % zerg . 
  only if the manufacturer makes it by accident or it manages to make more money than when it 's reliable . 
  having used a shitload of consumer electronics and working in it , i get depressed by the crap i use every day , but once in a couple of months i get an amc eagle of it 's time . 
  i respect him for enduring the negative karma only in jdfong 's memory . 
  yeah , i ran into one of those the other day . 
  it was [ this ] ( http://www.foxnews.com ) one . 
  i 'm not surprised , but i 'm interested in the methodology . 
  opera mini compresses traffic which is sent from opera 's servers . 
  they cache it so that the traffic is minimal . 
  on an unrelated note , i remember the first semi public version of opera mini . 
  i was really excited , and every version ( v3 the most ) makes my browsing experience better . 
  i came . 
  i generally like you and your posts , but i do n't agree on this one . 
  signing up means you can be given a rifle and an order to kill . 
  country or no country , but i do n't think a normal person would do this . 
  it 's not a normal thing to kill other people , except in self defense , and used as a peon in an army . 
  of course there is a scenario where the army will defend the us against an enemy , but 5 minutes on wikipedia will tell you when that happened the last time . 
  ok , politics aside . 
  my country was under attack 15 years ago . 
  a third was occupied and we did n't have a standing army . 
  weapons were taken from the enemy or smuggled in the country . 
  300 000 people volunteered and were mobilized . 
  they defended the country and they did the service people are thanking op for . 
  back on the soldiers . 
  yes , it 's their duty to be sent anywhere and do anything , but is it morally right ? 
  just because it 's an order it does n't have to be right . 
  i do n't know shit about cars except watching top gear , so i could n't comment on that . 
  but it does seem that stuff was better `` before '' so i guess cars fit in the same category . 
  thanks , that 's a good reply . 
  your username serves you well . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.ctrlaltdel-online.com/comic.php?d=20080602 ) , i 'll even link to the comic when everything went downhill . 
  he had a few good ones , you ca n't deny that . 
  but after this scandal he went completely downhill . 
  may i recommend [ this ] ( http://www.biggercheese.com/index.php?comic=764 ) fine webcomic ? 
  it starts at this one but it goes a long way . 
  works fine on my opera mini . 
  i use it every day . 
  oh , then here 's one i do n't link to often . 
  i present to you ... [ morning glory ] ( http://misc.classpc.nl/morningglory/comics.html ), 
  my boss freaked out the other day , that 's why i 'm planning on getting a keychain one , it 's much less intimidating . 
  zero , it 's not a referral . 
  well , it was n't until i saw your comment . 
  smart . 
  i do n't carry mine when i go out drinking or mad . 
  it 's great , everybody was sure that it 's not * that * sharp but i still have a toll of 8 friends who were dumb enough not to trust my word for it . 
  the main blade is fixated when open . 
  but i did n't stab a prostitute in weeks so i do n't use it much . 
  look at the majority of knifes in the thread . 
  it 's all victorinox swiss army or leatherman and non of those are made for self defense , or people who need them for self defense . 
  it 's only a tool , if you want to defend yourself buy a gun or get some mace . 
  i agree on the self defense thing . 
  the one i linked to has a mechanism that locks the blade while it 's open . 
  buy mace , or a taser . 
  knives are shitty for self defense . 
  knife is a tool , pepper spray is for self defense . 
  i feel perfectly safe where i live , so i do n't carry it for protection . 
   also , i always hated swiss army knives . 
  no blade locking -- wtf ? 
  i got ta have me a good liner lock . 
  the one i linked to locks the blade . 
  very tough . 
  so tough i might open a box today with my bare hands , leaving my deadly and illegal weapon aside . 
  i could get a screenshot , but really , it works perfectly and without any problems . 
  the version is 4.2 ( the new beta rocks ) and i login . 
  my local laws are n't specific . 
  a cold weapon is everything that could be used as one , from umbrellas to knives . 
  so it 's the cops duty to judge whether is the blade too long . 
  what a coincidence , so do i. 
  and i never have and never will use it for self defence , as i said a couple of times . 
  it 's a tool . 
  nothing more , nothing less . 
  i used it on my e51 , too . 
  it works like a charm , so i really ca n't say what the problem could be . 
  you 're right , that bugs me too . 
  well if you pull it out and threaten to shank the waiter if he does n't give you another cocktail , you might have a problem . 
  i get you , that 's why i wrote that i 'm looking for something less intimidating . 
  a bright red or blue swiss army knife on a keychain is much less aggressive than a big knife like many people in this thread carry . 
  a single blade is a little ... too much . 
  but leathermans and sak 's are generally ok . 
  yes . 
  i get my nevermind the buzzcocks fix from there . 
  what things money ca n't buy ? 
  what is that i 'm feeling ? 
  ah yes , complete lack of moral dilemmas when torrenting music . 
  maybe they should ... close their borders ? 
  i was impressed with [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vaxdnvxh6am ), 
  most are funny , but get burned out fast .
