  freeze , fight or flight . 
  nasdaq je index a ne fond . 
  is it surprising that someone thinks something is shit and has the nerve of thinking that it 's objective ? 
  or do we all have to think happy thoughts because someone maybe likes a piece of shit ? 
  early the hold steady . 
  i work with a lot of americans and i have to say that our ( eastern european , call it as you wish ) stance towards communication is completely different . 
  there 's a lot less abstraction or nuance . 
  we do n't have the dull formalities ( `` hi how are you '' is the fucking bane of my existence ) or forced politeness and do n't get easily insulted because of it . 
  i like our directness , but sometimes miss the american customer service experience . 
  edit : disregard this , i suck cocks . 
  z3c master race , two days is pretty standard . 
  you should check your battery settings . 
  i 've got an nfc sticker near my bed that disables just about everything until i wake up . 
  anyone who played with coldplay should know how that feels . 
  mary zara\u0111uje ok lovu za it i san francisco , oko 7500 mjese\u010dno . 
  simple . 
  could you expand on this ? 
  probably the only comment here i understand . 
  ahem , desert sessions ? 
  what is the bloody mary story ? 
  what 's the theory ? 
  malfunctioned cameronbot model . 
  the soviets made detailed maps of the uk , but found reading and slough so unimportant that they 're skipped . 
  are you aware for how long women in some cantons in switzerland did n't have the right to vote because of direct democracy ? 
  it could n't happen in a well functioning democracy because women 's suffrage is one of the basics of it . 
  yugoslavia balanced between east and west , at one point downing us planes and a few years later preparing for a warsaw pact invasion . 
  not sure showing the rivers was a good idea . 
  one canton allowed woman votes on local matters in 1991 . 
  you honestly ca n't say that direct democracy works when this is the case . 
  that is nice , but representative democracies did it way earlier . 
  switzerland waited until the 70s on the federal level and 1991 until all cantons allowed it locally . 
  that 's a failure of democracy and human rights . 
  i understand your point but you 're making a big disservice to it by claiming this . 
  it 's nothing like that situation . 
  chumped are done right ? 
  saw them a few months ago . 
  wow nema\u0161 tv ? 
   funding, 
  no , they 're rich enough . 
   weapons, 
  most . 
  they also get weapons from the uk , china and other countries . 
  next up : strpat upravu [ heinekena ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c2/heineken-etykieta.jpg ) u \u0107uzu . 
  i believe croatia no longer has any gold reserves , we sold them for something like $ 250 per ounce . 
  current prices are $ 1200 . 
  kako kada . 
  there 's a [ simple explanation ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=302oezspcqe ) . 
  here 's a list of average salaries in europe, 
  most of musicians are kinda like i expected , but on the positive side alec empire of atari teenage riot was calm , pleasant and smart , while i expected something more like trent reznor . 
  negative : jamie xx . 
  so introverted it 's a pain to even be near him . 
  po njima . 
   according to our media of the time we had `` overwhelming '' support for this invasion from the global community, 
  i 'm not buying it . 
  it was the post 9/11 haze , but in no way can a whole nation be absolved of any blame because `` the media lied . '', 
  it was 2003 , not 1903 and there 's no way anyone could miss this point except people who only get one channel . 
  yes oh god yes thank you !, 
  if you ignore the old furniture it 's really not bad . 
  / r/urbanhell should be more than just brutalist or `` eastern bloc '' architecture since this is far from hell or even mildly uncomfortable . 
  samo kontra . 
  out of 150 comments in this thread , by my count only three are n't shit . 
  i 'm counting mine as half shit . 
  the meeting of the black crusaiders ? 
  medicinski i vip transporti primarno . 
  i to je ok ? 
  lako za to , lineup je kurac i prepun bezimenih dj-a , daleko od alternative koja je prije bila . 
  wiggeri . 
  serbia , not slovenia dude . 
  croatia never sent troops to iraq , these look like pmcs . 
  it was never voted in . 
  brijuni island was his favorite vacation spot , we just did n't change the place . 
  love the wallpaper on your left monitor . 
  tragic story about the monument . 
  newsflash : portali pi\u0161u za vieweve , odnosno za \u0161iru publiku . 
  chuck palahniuk has a good short story about it , [ phoenix ] ( http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/17380711-phoenix ) . 
  oh god this looks like it was printed directly from / pol / . 
  muslim is n't a bad choice of words , but bosnian would probably be better . 
  his religion is implied . 
  luckily for them and unlucky for my morning commute , the tracks down the street from the accident are in maintenance so tram traffic is slow . 
  actually some people did try that in this case . 
  the police protected the driver . 
  1 ) to je reddit-wide pravilo , nemamo izbora oko toga . 
  ne \u017eelim imati tu odgovornost . 
  newsflash : rat je gotov , devedesete su bile sranje . 
  that 's uss harry truman right ? 
  why is it flying what looks like the australian flag ? 
  i 'd prefer to sell all three of them , sorry . 
  pm me if you have a price in mind . 
  f-22 is n't failed , you 're probably thinking about the f-35 ii lightning . 
  which is marred by problems but also not failed . 
  my city was bombed by cluster bombs , around this time 20-ish years ago . 
  they have a notoriously high failure rate on impact so a lot of the bomblets explode only when tampered with , mostly by unassuming kids . 
  which is why i had a long standing ban to go into our local woods alone , in case a bomblet got carried away there by the wind . 
  in my case it 's a pure war crime , retribution . 
  no military targets were hit and only civilians got killed . 
  i will go to absolutely any european show at any date . 
  i kaj vele de\u017eurni apologisti ? 
  not now but i will be before and during the festival . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showthread.php?t=402544 ) is the set that describes what parts of ny looked like during that time . 
  very sobering and grim .
