   you fucking jail people in the uk over words ? 
  you fucking kill retarded people and minors in state funded institutions ? 
  ( you see , it goes both ways ), 
  yeah , poor hungary , subjecting millions of people and then losing the territories they conquered . 
  they 're called minorities . 
  there are more croats in hungary than vice-versa . 
  od vardara pa do triglava !, 
   many people are turning towards the extreme right as a solution to their problems , because they offer a clear-cut narrative ( not like in hungary , where they are in parliament , but still important - the big fascist-style right wingers ( snp dveri ) are polling at 1 % ) . 
  they may not be fascists , but the serbian radical party has 56/250 seats in the parliament . 
  it is a clear cut nationalist party that wants to take a quarter of my country , a half of bosnia and whole kosovo and montenegro . 
  except dodik , they are the main security threat in the region . 
  my point was that nation states are n't necessarily bad . 
  a fine time for an / r/croatia meetup actually . 
   i really do n't see serbia as a security threat to anyone in the long-term . 
  neither do i. 
  but some groups and individuals still have some ideas from the 90 's , and serbia ( and republika srpska even more ) are the countries where that voice gets the widest reception . 
  until they are completely marginalized and massive protest stop turning violent i will sleep easier . 
  in my view bih is a bigger problem than internal serbian or kosovo problems . 
  all of which does n't mean that hungary did n't subjugate people . 
  which they did . 
   when did they subjugate people then ? 
  for the 400 years croatia was under hungarian rule maybe ? 
  or even later in the habsburg monarchy when they shot anti hungarian protesters ? 
  when hungarian was being forced as an official langage in croatia ? 
  we suffered long enough under their rule . 
  only now ? 
  russia today is kremlin 's propaganda wing and people are eating it up because they sometimes report against the standard us line people are used to on other networks . 
  skype sucks so much you did n't even want to touch its icon . 
  trompe le monde was excellent , whatever anyone says . 
  the von bondies ? 
  i loved everything they made so i may be biased . 
  the vaselines . 
  kate beaton will carry my children one day . 
  do n't confuse hooliganism with riots . 
  nope . 
  casino royal was set in nearby montenegro . 
  come on mr mod person , organize it . 
  the reception was n't great , but it got a lot of 4/5 stars . 
  5.5 is extremely low and unrealistic . 
  there are no reports that hitler personally killed anyone . 
  he saw combat in wwi and there were rumors about ernst r\u00f6hm 's death , but as far as i know there is no direct proof . 
  31 : spin 's awful website . 
  ot : your name sounds croatian , am i right ? 
  i 'm also named ivan and my surname ends in '' - i\u0107 '', 
  the nirvana effect : it is spelled `` never mind '' . 
  they named their album `` nevermind '' on purpose . 
  i actually first saw the daily show on cnn international . 
  they used to have it once a week . 
  only later did i find out that it is usually on another network . 
  cnn international is ok . 
  i do n't approve of inhumane treatment for anyone . 
  then again , i do n't approve of treason as well . 
  i 'm as foreign as they come and been here for more than a year . 
  you are a fun bunch . 
   well , your ancient kings were the ones who singed the treaty for unificiation with hungary . 
  or forced to , whatever . 
   croatia was n't conquered militarily by the hungarians . 
  it was militarily forced to stay in the union . 
   and do n't talk about hungarians supporting the habsburgs - when the hungarians rose up against the monarchy , the croatians under the leadership of ban jelalic , were paid by the austrians to slaughter to hungarians . 
  did i say anything about that ? 
  we suffered hundreds of years under hungarian rule with or without that fact . 
  my company started getting loads of likes from indonesia . 
  i confronted my boss because i was pissed that they were buying likes behind my back while i was running our official fb page . 
  lots of googling and translating later , i found out that my company shares its name with an indonesian singer . 
  how is this related ? 
  not much . 
  a crime is a crime and a trial can set a precedent in future cases . 
  mentioning stalin is just a variation of godwin 's law and it does n't make sense since manning leaked it without concern over potential victim . 
  dynamo is an international word , but communists loved it and used it to emphasise electrifcation and scientific progress , so every village east of the iron curtain has a sports club named dynamo . 
  no , but i remember cheese steak jimmy 's . 
  he was n't born in serbia . 
   jewish countries . 
  yeah , you should avoid israel and ... and ... ummm . 
  i have n't seen much of the war , but this makes me so angry and sad that i ca n't explain . 
  everything from the mindless bloodshed to the war criminals walking free , current political situation , prospects for the future ... 
  well john wayne [ was a nazi ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ckjuux3ue7e ) . 
  i do n't drive therefore i give no fucks about bad weather . 
  i work from home and the have three stores in a five minute radius . 
  winter is fun for me . 
   do pepsi and coke taste pretty much the same to you ? 
  do you have a friend who swears they can taste the difference every time ? 
  it 's like that . 
  i 'm not sure i know even one person who would n't notice the difference . 
  never even tought that there are people who think it is the same . 
  a little eye opening . 
  super green ? 
  well i 'm torn . 
  this is great for getting foreign students and training more mobile italian ones , but it also makes brain drain easier . 
  not to mention that it prohibits well qualified people from entering just because they do n't speak a certain foreign language . 
  in my country english is learned since age 8 in elementary schools and i have been learning it longer than my own language . 
  but a lot of people choose to concentrate on german or french and i would be pissed to be rejected from a school because i may have chosen to learn a less popular language . 
   honestly , there is almost no point in studying science or engineering in any language other than english . 
  i can say similar things for medicine as well . 
  this statement is incredibly shortsighted and i would dare to say imperialistic . 
  you are acting as if all knowledge comes from the english speaking world and that everyone will at one point move to a country where all of their co-workers will use only english . 
  millions of people study science , engineering and medicine and work in their own countries . 
  they are taught by people who speak their own language and they are n't forced to be highly proficient in a foreign language to attend an institution they are funding with their taxes . 
  english is being taught from a very early age and you need a second language at a decent level to enter a university , but until the constitution of croatia says that english is the official language here , i am firmly against forcing people to use it in a public institution . 
  noel gallagher wrote live forever because of that nirvana song . 
   `` at the time .
