  - focus on tourism and clean technologies that invite tourists . 
  make the country available to foreign tourists that will spend their dollars in cheap resorts built only for that . 
  - educate the population and start with school reform and eradicating illiteracy . 
  focus on financing , civil engineering , technology and others . 
  - rule with an iron fist behind a puppet government . 
  respect civil rights but make a cult out of the government ... something like communism , but with less focus on a individual . 
  - massive projects will make the population too tired to dissent , and not willing to protest , because they are practically building their own homes and schools, 
  - after 5 years gradually reform the economy into a modern liberal capitalist one . 
  after 10 allow private owned companies with more than 20 employees , after 15 make the market free and a tax haven for foreign companies, 
  - after 30 years ( maybe even earlier ) allow a full free election for the parliament and president . 
  by now the country should be built up , populated by educated people mostly employed in tourism and small business . 
  damn . 
  this does n't sound plausible even to me . 
  how uniquely american . 
  you 're the only one , rush . 
  i not one of the ones that got disgusted by this picture ( it 's moving , but the internet made me immune to stuff like this ) , but nsfw is mostly for people that work and have a boss or coworker behind their backs , not to mention monitored connections . 
  not suitable for work aka my boss does n't care why i have dead babies on my screen . 
  i should just upvote you , but i really laughed at your comment and wanted you to know , although i hate the whole `` lol !, 
  i spat shit all over my keyboard , monitor and wife it was that funny !!! '', 
  thing . 
  ze government does n't allow you to use ie !, 
  another wave of truthers coming in . 
  calculate how much who sent if you want to . 
  the us sent in the most personnel because it 's the nearest . 
  i agree , but not with the second paragraph . 
  we 're not defined by these memes , and as all memes , use them because they 're funny or have a message behind them , but certainly not in a manor as serious as you make it to be . 
  none of the european nations have a military force covering the earth . 
   67 # plane tickets, 
  that 's what i wanted to ask . 
  with ryanair , germanwings and others flying really is n't a big deal these days . 
  i mean , it 's still a big deal to go to another country just because of something like this , but it is n't like flying over from the us . 
  true man , true . 
  i agree , it 's extremely overrated . 
  if military dick waving is a thing a superpower would do , then it is n't , but in a political sense it is . 
  wow , msmobiles . 
  have n't seen this troll in a long time . 
  chris rock at the 2003 vmas was one of the funnies things i saw . 
  i actually did this a couple of years ago when i was a kid and did n't know better ... 
  the thing is that i used cheap cds that are probably unreadable today . 
  woah , you 've got the [ christopher lambert ] ( http://www.blogdecine.info/wp-content/christopher-lambert.jpg ) look . 
  huh ? 
  i spent the last three days writing a paper for a friend about checks and balances , seperation of powers and similar stuff . 
  we finished a three week assigment 10 hours before the deadline and in three days , just moments ago . 
  not really related but i got a huge rock of my chest . 
  i want to share the downmods you 'll get , as i fully agree with you . 
  edit : ow !, 
  except the inglourious basterds thing . 
  i loved it . 
  yes , germany 's military base in japan did n't send any help . 
  the finnish carrier fleet in the pacific stood still . 
  the us is the single world force that can do this , no other western world army has that kind of logistics and military bases all around the world . 
  please tell me how the hell do you expect a european country to react in 24h in places like indonesia and haiti ? 
  auto correction does n't mean much as the os does n't support my native language . 
  about the lag , have you tried the last software version ? 
  the swiss argument paired with crime rates is invalid . 
  they do not have the right to use their weapons for personal self defense , but only on command in an invasion event , and that 's because it 's the only way the country could defend itself . 
  switzerland - small , us - big . 
   power corrupts . 
  montesquieu said that when he proposed a system to seperate the power into executive , legislative and judicial branches . 
  it 's enough for most countries in the world , not the right to give every wacko a gun . 
  iraqis had weapons during saddam 's rule . 
  and they could n't do shit because they were against a trained army with more than just rifles and pistols . 
  imagine how that would work out . 
  actually , imagine that the tea party nuts see obama as a tyrant and use arms against the government . 
  civil war anyone ? 
  math - hated every moment of it and still have daydreams of killing some of my professors . 
  the thing is that i might have liked it , i like the stuff about random numbers and other theories , but a series of bad teachers destroyed it for me . 
  only when one of them showed [ pi ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pi_ ( film ) / ) in the classroom i got the picture that it 's not only dumb numbers . 
  physics - same as math . 
  it 's very interesting , but getting raped with formulas and numbers without knowing what it means and how it translates to real life kills every desire to learn something . 
  croatian ( i 'm from croatia ) - i ca n't stand grammar , still hate the dumb obscure rules that you 'll never use , but need to know them . 
  i liked the stories and books . 
  chemistry - same as physics and math . 
  dumb facts do n't mean anything if you ca n't translate them to real life and know what the hell something means . 
  english - grammar all the fucking time . 
  i learned it from cartoon network and cnn instead , although i 'm sure a grammar nazi will find something wrong with my writing . 
  today , i 'd really like to know basic physic concepts , some chemistry and math , but a long series of uninspired teachers destroyed the will in me . 
  nobody knows you 're a dog . 
  i am seriously impressed with all the great answers . 
  croatian , but it does n't matter since i ca n't stand auto complete or t9 so i 'll live without them if i decide to buy the hero . 
  as a former employee and a long , long time user , i know what you can do with an htc device with the proper software , so needless to say i wo n't be using the stock rom heh . 
  i got ta stand in his defense :, 
  - it was n't an official statement , just something a reporter heard at a banquet, 
  - croatia is a guarantee country of the dayton agreement , as is serbia, 
  - it 's a regular ping pong game between dodik and mesic , they both say crap like that, 
  - mesic has been criticized by right wingers for good relations with serbia ( minus kosovo of course ) so this is one bad out of a hundred good remarks, 
  - just in case : i do n't support his statement and it 's a good thing that every relevant politician denounced any use of war rattling . 
  a step up from the 90s , right ? 
  ok , i get the mesic part , but josipovic has nothing to do with tadic 's decision not to come . 
  we sent out an invitation to every country we have relations with and would n't deny anyone , except in extreme cases . 
  semantics . 
  ( about jna , croatia 's army did enter bih and it was a shame ), 
  then do n't act as if josipovic doesnt ' want tadic there . 
  i would like both of the presidents to come and would prefer tadic , but it 's his choice . 
  according to the 1974 constitution , we had a right to secede . 
  also , we got recognized by the eu and un in 1992 while the army was in until 1995 , so that 's an attack on a sovereign country . 
  [ this ] ( http://gizmodo.com/5452832/christian-group-to-save-haitians-with-solar+powered-bibles ) is why i care . 
   as far as i can see , their official stance is secular, 
  yes , i saw that , but i 'm looking for deeper , non-official information . 
  also , [ nokia comes with music ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nokia_music#comes_with_music ) and other free features .
