  people often live in bubbles and forget that macs are n't that widespread worldwide . 
  os x is used by a third of people using windows xp , an os older than a decade . 
  if we look at san francisco then it 's completely different as well , is n't it ? 
  i do n't get your point . 
  my comment was about people who were convinced apple is the largest computer manufacturer just because all of their friends have one , i 've seen and met dozens of them and most thought apple had undisputed domination . 
  except in profits , it does n't . 
  is it ? 
  it was just a spark . 
  like wwi , everything was in place and it just had to blow up . 
  the current metacritic scores are awful : 30 is the average . 
  first off , wwii was the last century , and second - it was a joke , a writing style . 
  i ca n't believe i have to say this . 
  whoops . 
  edited that . 
  the reviews are from people who have seen it . 
  yup . 
  even the last row was n't far enough for me to be comfortable . 
  i work for an it magazine and we did a feature . 
  it 's in croatia . 
  reminds me of the first foo fighters album . 
   dave grohl -- lead and backup vocals , lead and rhythm guitars , bass guitar , drums , production . 
  not a lot of people noticed i believe . 
  imam bus vo\u017enju danas tako da je send to kindle . 
  there 's more than one way to get to a goal and every country does this differently . 
  that 's the difference between soft and hard power . 
  na\u0161 very own / r/croatia troll , nedavno poznat kao yourgrandpas . 
  note that europeans are n't that into skyscrapers like americans are . 
  large european cities still prefer lower buildings and often put skyscrapers outside of centers . 
  where i live ( croatia , not larger than virginia ) has mountain ranges with snow , sandy beaches and plains all in a few hours drive . 
  as a croat , i 'm all for this . 
  i do n't know of a single massive sporting event that has n't been announced as a complete failure . 
  financial failure , security risks or overdue construction projects were always on the covers of newspapers and yet most of the events went fine . 
  the london olympics were supposed to be a financial and security disaster and yet they went fine , fifa world cup in south africa was supposed to be a rape-murder-fest and in the end went ok . 
  sure , a lot of these events end up in a loss , but they provide a significant tourism and international image boost and most importantly , this quote from london mayor ken livingstone :, 
   mr livingstone once explained why he was so passionate about winning the games for london . 
  `` i did n't bid for the olympics because i wanted three weeks of sport , '' he said . 
  `` i bid for the olympics because it 's the only way to get the billions of pounds out of the government to develop the east end . '', 
  wolfenstein : enemy territory . 
  jo\u0161 uvijek se budim usred no\u0107i i vri\u0161tim `` we must defend the old city wall ! '' . 
  age of empires 2 i njegov duhovni nastavak rise of nations . 
  sim city 3000 , hearts of iron i zapravo sve paradoxove igre . 
  battlefield 2 , gta vice city ili san andreas , red faction mi je bio drag . 
  upvote i downvote . 
  submit a new link , submit a new text post . 
  unsubscribe . 
  it was a precedent , not a law . 
  are you sure you belong on this subreddit ? 
  : popcorn :, 
   btw . 
  ne znam i to me frustrira . 
  this is n't small , it 's normal . 
  looks like the same guy who made the inglourious basterds alternative poster . 
  no offense to op , but most of these seem like depression festivals of sadness after which i 'll have to watch into the wild just to get a smile on my face again . 
  do n't feed the troll . 
  it 's because he was called a `` little serbian '' by christie officials , he wanted to clear that out . 
  his last name kurtz kinda sounds like the croatian word for dick , kurac , so it was a fun news day when he visited a few weeks ago . 
  one [ tv show ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tqd2_dcgpna ) report took special care to state that our foreign minister ( a woman ) took in kurtz and that the whole country is happy to have kurtz around . 
  the guy you replied to was full of shit but you 're not far from it . 
  no single nation won that war . 
  surprise ili ne\u0161to ? 
  index.hr je ve\u0107 godinama u top 3 . 
  bla\u017eene kockice . 
  these are the worst comments i 've ever seen on this subreddit . 
  downvoted , reported . 
  downvoted opet !, 
  [ here 's a great cover of mongoloid ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eo_mzeprdvs ) . 
  imam takav za topit \u010dokoladu na tortama ... do n't judge me . 
  because nintendo plays on nostalgia . 
  it 's the same games , every cycle . 
  you have read so so much into my comment : i do n't hate nintendo or like sony or microsoft or even valve . 
  i 'm just saying this as somebody that is n't nostalgic towards any console , but i 'm looking at what nintendo sells and what others are . 
  sure microsoft and sony have their metal gears and halos , but nintendo pushed out 29 games that feature mario just in this decade and that 's for three systems . 
  so few people use it in croatia that i was part of a college assignment to find out why that 's so . 
  also , if you read it like roman from gta iv it 's better . 
  tweeeeter . 
  croats are mostly a friendly bunch , but not the us kind of friendly , so striking random conversations is n't considered that normal . 
  sure , there may be situations when it 's ok , but most of them involve alcohol . 
  since you 're american you might have more luck . 
  i adore parks and rec as much as any person with a heart , but i 'd rather the show stops before it jumps the shark or loses half of its cast . 
  it 's awesome now and most of the storylines should be closed up soon so every new season has the potential to drive it over the top . 
  you should n't have any issues . 
  i 've had more problems in split ( being from zagreb ) than anywhere in serbia so my experiences tell me that you do n't have anything to worry . 
  if you have the chance , try to park somewhere where you can hide the croatian plates on the car , but that 's if you have the possibility . 
  i love house of cards for its ruthless politicking and i love the west wing for its idealism and love of process . 
  two very different shows . 
  or when basic public education is scrapped for commercial tv . 
  i 've believe it when i see it . 
  i understand the point as well , but the question is awfully phrased . 
  `` country x is the best in something , why is n't the us ? '', 
  as if it 's natural that the us should be the best in everything . 
  a lot of bars are open on sundays , even though clubs might not be . 
  also , shopping centers . 
  most people i know use sundays to have a nice meal , take a walk and relax so even if you do find open clubs or bars , they wo n't be exactly hot spots of fun . 
  that 's what we have fridays and saturdays for . 
  rapid transit in curitiba is praised among urban planners as very good . 
  do n't know about other cities though . 
  there should be some kind of godwin law variant for the 2nd amendment . 
  any political discussion about any country will end up with americans saying everything would be better if everyone had guns . 
  lookup yugoslav partisans . 
  they were the only european force that liberated its own country .
