  decide for yourself . 
  i see no benefit of having a firearm in my situation . 
  the other day i was being [ persuaded ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/b67c4/iama_person_who_lived_through_the_la_riots_and/c0l7aqe?context=3 ) that there 's no racism in the us anymore . 
  yes they do . 
  there is little heavy crime here , therefore i do n't need a gun . 
  that 's the only point i wanted to prove . 
  also , you 're paying for incoming text messages . 
  i do n't know if any other country has that . 
  what , wii and xbox were down too ? 
  you were * the shit * before . 
  i had a walkman , a trinitron tv and about a hundred other sony products , and they all rocked . 
  then came atrac , sonic stage , memory stick and rootkits . 
  i had a ps3 , a psp , an mp3 walkman . 
  sold them all . 
  the sony lcd i have is a class behind others , and the headphones break every coupld of months . 
  what happened :(, 
  no , romani is the correct term . 
  gypsy means something like negro for black people . 
  it 's not an insult , but some might see it like that . 
  edit : also , it 's interesting that always when the us vs europe topics come up on reddit , americans often accuse europeans of racism , mostly towards gypsies . 
   a mobster at a club shot a peacekeeper in the face, 
  i 'm sorry i 'm not eloquent enough to explain in english the difference between a club and a `` club '' , but trust me with this one , there are clubs like that where scum of the earth gets high on their own primitivism and like to show their bling and guns , similar to a ghetto club you would see in the states . 
  in croatia and slovenia clubs like that are mostly on the edge of the city , and the people that go there publicly shamed into hiding it , but it 's mostly mobsters and the kind of people that would like to be mobsters . 
  you have plenty of normal places and clubs and crime is generally low , so shooting peacekeepers in the face is mostly urban myths and situations that happen because of stupid people , not just fucked up countries . 
  the same bling crap you can see anywhere , except here the corrupt system allows such people to live free and do the shit the do . 
   we asked what all the fuss was about , he replied that it was simply because he was croatian , and the conductor was bosnian . 
  bosnia and herzegovina is a fucked up country that is made on foundations of crime and genocide . 
  the peace was forced almost overnight , just for the sake of it , while tensions keep on rising . 
  i would n't go as far as predict a war , but a country like that wo n't last long . 
  that 's the balkans for ya . 
  the fine european and ruthless barbaric cultures collide here and situations like that happen all the time . 
  you have the rural fuckwits ( not implying that rural people are all like that ) and more civilized urban population that is similar to the one in vienna , berlin , london or new york . 
  and when people like that move to the city you have beautiful situations like the ones that happen all the time in zagreb . 
  you have leonard cohen , qotsa or u2 playing in the center , and on the edge of town you 've got shady characters ordering vodka with berettas . 
  two very conflicting cultures . 
  you know a gypsy ? 
  i know , more than one , and most of them do n't like it when they 're called gypsies , so i refer to them as romanis in any situation i can . 
  pc or not , i do n't care . 
  well people are practically attacking me for not having a gun , so i 'm waiting for someone to talk me into it . 
  let 's see if i 'm a closeminded eurofag , or just do n't need one . 
   help establish a viable somalian coast guard !, 
  with the somali government , who is know to be stable and not corrupt ? 
   in western europe have around zero users, 
  well ... bs . 
  i 've only looked at a couple of western european countries and opera has between 2 and 5 percent of usage , which still puts it in the top 5 category . 
  i know , cigani is the term they use here as well , but i 'm not talking about the thieving guys that live in shacks , but normal people that are gypsies or romani or whatever . 
  they do n't like the term that much . 
  the exact reason i mentioned it . 
  not really . 
  the barbaric side comes from centuries of wars and turkey 's influence that left many scars . 
  also , every country that could rape the penninsula did it , so from russians , romans , mongols , hungarians , austrians to germans , english , french ... 
  so no side won any war . 
  look at any war in this region , agressors changed , but war crimes , genocide and rape stayed . 
  every country has its own barbaric and european side . 
  there 's a great economist article about this . 
  i mean , croatia is often put into eastern , southern and central europe , without a clear definition . 
  foobar and opera . 
  here comes your man - pixies, 
  check parliamental systems on wikipedia . 
  in essence : political parties nominate their candidates , people vote on a general election and the party with most votes ( parliamentary seats ) gets to make up the government , and the leader is usually the pm . 
  presidents are mostly elected directly , or in some cases the parliament . 
  in many parliamental systems the president has limited powers and it 's mostly just diplomatic and military . 
  pm is the one making most decisions and is the essential one here . 
  if his party or coalition losses support in the parliament he could be replaced and the party with the most power makes the new cabinet . 
  i was afraid that it would be percieved as that . 
  the ottoman empire was more ruthless in combat , and had less moral problems with brutally slaughtering everything on their way . 
  `` turkey '' then is n't the turkey now . 
  i was talking more about the fact that there were brutal wars here throught history . 
  i do n't remember , probably france , italy and germany . 
  touchflo is for wm and sense is for android . 
  they are not the same thing . 
  i do n't watch tv . 
  but i 've got a cool lcd tv hooked on my pc and xbox and enjoy all the shows and movies i like whenever i like . 
  so yes , i 'm watching tv , just not the things most people are , and not the same way . 
  ok , they * were n't * the same thing before , beacuse htc brought products with sense and touchflo in the same time , later deciding to merge them . 
  you 're cool in my book . 
  we love you too . 
  he may be thinner , but he does n't look better . 
  student/journalist . 
  honestly , i do n't know how much time i spend reading a story , but when i see a video and an exact time that it will take me to get through it , i lose interest . 
  the studio version is much more softer and personal . 
  not that this is bad , i just prefer it the other way . 
  i would rather have important historic figures like scientists on my money . 
  yup , we have that in croatia too . 
  on optical medium , memory cards , hard drives , almost everything . 
  it pisses me off , but then again i do n't feel bad about pirating anything , because i 've already paid for that . 
  vienna is a great city that can offer far more than just historical or musical experiences . 
  awesome . 
  i 'm seeing him in a couple of weeks . 
  [ pixies - broken face ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vix29cwomgm ), 
  out of the top 15 songs , 12 are pixies . 
  i 'm not sure why the hell am i clicking on links that i ** know ** that will lead me to a picture of another man 's shit . 
  she has a beautiful voice , but fails to capture the spirit of the original . 
  i 'm just amazed that almost all of the ingridients are from a store , sealed and processed . 
  if i never played the guitar , what 's difference in learning ? 
  is it easier ? 
  holland , 1945 . 
  great . 
  i might try it , because the guitar a bit too wide for me . 
  running around , robbing banks ...
