   unpleasant ethnic cleanings, 
  understatement of the ... ever . 
  comparable to the regrettable mongol invasions . 
  i must 've been surfing some alternative web where the only mobile ads i see are limited and tasteful . 
  truce !, 
  there 's always one person that needs to derail a perfectly humorous thread by their political shit . 
  do you really want to start a political and historical discussion that will end nowhere ? 
  i had hundreds of those , and mostly with people who did n't spend any time in air shelters but feel competent to comment on my time in one . 
  you all can laugh at the n-gage all you want , but in 2003 that phone had multitasking , apps , mp3 and video player , multiplayer games , emulators , web browser and a lot more . 
  i loved it and still have two fully functional models in my desk . 
  most of the world does n't hold the same standards for suburbs as the us does . 
  is there any data on unofficial executions , fragging and such ? 
  myself . 
  i got tired of writing it again so i just copy my old responses . 
  every time someone notices and i get the feeling that at least one of my posts get remembered . 
  some . 
  n-gage had the games and powerful mp3 player with a real headphone and microphone jack , but lacked the camera . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bad_boys_ ( 1983_film ), 
  i thought this was a video game for the first 30 seconds . 
  novalja/zr \u0107e on pag is the most famous partying location in croatia . 
  not nearly as spain . 
  op did nothing wrong . 
  hollywood is notoriously expensive . 
  look at british movies for example . 
  jarhead may be the most amazing film ever but that trailer lied to me and made me wait and wait and wait for something that never came . 
  the expectations changed my viewing experience . 
  not even close , like comparing apples and oranges . 
  and 600 characters because none of them would survive more than half an episode . 
  ndh leaders saw themselves as legitimate successors of croatian independence and used old croatian symbols like the checkerboard , tricolor or kuna . 
  to use your confederate analogy , it would be like using the regular us flag in spite of all the crimes done under it . 
  i 'm not sure what i feel about the trailer . 
  on one hand it looks and sounds nice , on the other , i have no idea what 's the movie about . 
  sure , but this is the opposite extreme . 
  there 's also the awesome story about saving your journalist from libya . 
  count web views instead . 
  this was the first fugazi record i heard and made me unable to properly appreciate the rest of their discography . 
  i adore `` 13 songs '' and outside of that only a couple more fugazi tracks . 
   i mean , one of hitler 's specific goals was to eliminate slavs . 
  yes and no . 
  the nazis generally saw slavs as subhuman , but that was mostly because of their plan to clear central and eastern europe of the local population to make space for germans . 
  slavs are white and indo-european which makes them aryan , so the beef was n't that much about ethnicity , but practicality . 
  in the end nazis collaborated with a lot of slavs when it suited them and the plans for extermination were limited to places where they wanted to settle . 
  80 % of poles , 60 % of russians etc etc. 
  it 's not that it turns me off , but that the other stuff is more slower and less punkier in my opinion . 
  i listened to all of it multiple times , i 've got my favorites , but none as much as stuff from 13 songs . 
  of course . 
  i made a small playlist with these songs so thanks . 
  still watching rt ? 
  snowden : `` russia stands against human rights violations carried out by the powerful '' http://wikileaks.org/statement-by-edward-snowden-to.html, 
  somehow he forgot about chechens . 
  that 's the thing i do n't understand about the us . 
  id forging would mean prison time in most european countries , and the only people forging them are criminals , not kids looking for a drink . 
  did it leak ? 
   konkurencije nema . 
  beyonce raped and killed a young girl in 1990 and still has n't been waterboarded for charity . 
  meni su to dva drota rekla neki dan . 
  ask this question on / r/askhistorians . 
  over here you 'll get approximate answers , but not a concrete one that is based on history . 
  reddit used to be run with a few people not that long ago . 
  relevant username . 
  tailor of panama is n't far from it . 
  i 'm currently sleeping in one in croatia . 
  students get rooms for a year so they 're empty during the summer and rented to tourists . 
  not all but i know of at least a few in a couple of cities . 
  in some european countries you ca n't do any kind of campaigning on election day . 
  very simplistic but i applaud the idea . 
  also , yugoslavia was non-aligned and did n't belong to any bloc . 
  chris traeger approves . 
  they never went to milan , they went to trieste and venice . 
  the split was in 1948 , and after that yugoslavia imported western arms and prepared itself for a soviet invasion a few times . 
  yugoslavia liberalized its market a lot of times so it was a special strain of socialism where people could start their businesses and have access to products like coca cola . 
  there was even a mcdonalds near the end . 
  not to mention that yugoslav citizens had the freedom to travel anywhere and the country had more cultural exchange with the west than some nato countries . 
  from 100 to 150 a day , depending on the room . 
  but this is mid-season in a tourist city on the coast . 
  mozart was austrian , copernicus polish and mendel complicated . 
  chomsky is the last person that should say anything related to the cambodian genocide . 
  he was the one that claimed that it did n't happen just because he had a knee jerk reaction to deny anything the us government said . 
  he was a pol pot apologist and until this day did n't apologize for his stance . 
  this is the wrong subreddit for your question and i can guarantee that none of the answers will be comprehensive , balanced or correct . 
  none currently are . 
  the situation was and is very complicated and not something you can handle and explain in a few sentences . 
  it is still a very hot subject for us locals and feelings are still too strong . 
  be very careful and double check any answer before believing it . 
  complete bullshit with cherry picked guests that suit the producers world view . 
  it 's easier to blame the us ( and people will always buy it ) than look into your own backyard and realize that there is no worldwide conspiracy and that we are responsible for what happened to ourselves . 
  not the eu , nato or us . 
  you have a lot of holes in your explanation and it is extremely simplified and in some places plain wrong . 
  i really do n't have the time , but the one that irked me the most was your tl ; dr. italy , germany or the uk were no more countries than yugoslavia , all of them federations of similar peoples united in a greater country . 
  in italy over 90 % of people did n't speak the same language when the country was born , who says yugoslavia had a worse basis when its peoples had a long history of cooperation , a very similar language and culture ? 
  with guests like marko franciskovic , who is a self-proclaimed nazi , i 'm not interested . 
  where the fuck did you get that i skipped that part ? 
  actually i 'm glad you said it because it clearly shows you 're not a person capable of a normal conversation . 
  the us owes the un a shitload of money . 
  it 's us policy to undermine the un . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2010/10/14/us-un-usa-idustre69d67220101014 ), 
  which does n't mean i 'm wrong . 
  which i 'm not . 
  yes it is . 
  the un peacekeeping budget in 2001 was [ 3 billion ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/un_peacekeeping#cost ) , at that time the us did n't pay 691 million in the peacekeeping budget , which ** is ** a shitload .
