  i 'm all for strict moderation and holding up a standard , but killing creativity and creating a clique may kill this awesome subreddit . 
  i can find counter examples of everything you listed . 
  it does n't prove anything . 
  yeah , no . 
  japan and germany were economic powerhouses before the war , and today both are in the top 10 countries by military expenditure . 
   dnevno.hr, 
  i wet myself when i read about bioshock because i 'm a sucker for a good story and exploring something not done in games . 
  it worked for me for those reasons , but not as a game . 
  the gameplay was just dull , shooting was lousy and i could n't force myself to finish it because i was thinking how much i would love to see a game that innovated in gameplay as much as in story . 
  do n't take this as criticism , but as a suggestion . 
  i know by my own example that i wanted to write a lot of replies but stopped because this subreddit is growing a culture of ... 
  i wo n't say elitism , but a lot of discussions and opinions do n't get written because of that fear of stepping out of the narrow rules . 
  i love this subreddit and i 'm here since the beginning . 
  the things i 'm worrying about are for now minor and i really like having good moderators here , but please be wary of the path we 're going through . 
  you have to separate systematic and organized killings from occasional crimes . 
  the way you wrote it makes it look like all sides are the same - they are not . 
  the rebels do n't exist . 
  there is no single organization that commands the opposing forces , there is n't a central figure , a strategy or a command . 
  the rebels opposing assad range from secular to extremist and they should not be put in the same basket , and the actions of one should n't compromise the whole struggle . 
  verizon uses cdma technology so your iphone does n't have a sim card slot which means you ca n't connect to gsm networks which are used in europe . 
  50 euros flight with ryanair , 30 euros in a hostel . 
  what i spend on a sim card is two days of food . 
  / u/mygodwhathaveidone gave a great answer on yugoslavia , but let me expand a little . 
  yugoslav partisans got most of allied support after 1943 and basically liberated the country themselves , with some limited soviet interference . 
  stalin wanted to expand his influence but tito resisted because he thought he had enough support from the west , although there were a lot of tensions on that side , with trieste and shooting down us flights . 
  tito started to make his own foreign policy without consulting stalin , most in regards with bulgaria and the greek civil war . 
  stalin called tito out and started the famed split , a bluff tito called because of the promised western support . 
  relations later normalized , but until its end yugoslavia got support from both sides and maintained plans to defend itself from both sides . 
  hat maker and developer . 
  what are you talking about . 
  iraq 's army was n't the largest , it was n't well equipped and it had shitty training . 
  there were a million soldiers on the ground , a coalition never seen before or after . 
  my point is that their army was complete shit , and nobody was surprised that a grand coalition of a million troops kicked the shit out of them . 
  i did n't know this was a `` murrica strong ! '', 
  kind of discussion . 
  in that case congrads , you win and goodbye . 
  how much space should this get out of the phone ? 
  that 's luxurious by desire standards . 
  thank you . 
  filmed in my city , woooo !, 
  ameri su ga potakli ? 
   in 2010 they allegedly sunk a sk military vessel, 
  i had no idea that it is contested that nk sunk it . 
  bosnia is 49 percent islamic and the rest is orthodox and catholic . 
  should we ban maps from this place ? 
  / r/mapporn should be enough . 
  exactly . 
  ah , switzerland is beautiful . 
  i think i read this comment before . 
  i joined this subreddit thinking it is the antidote i need to clean out / r/politics from my frontpage and then i see things like this upvoted :, 
   chavez is no more a dictator than obama is . 
   the united states , yugoslavia 's principle creditor , cut off any funding to yugoslavia and would only provide further credit to individual republics that declared independence . 
  could you expand on this ? 
  / u/district88 said it well , but i 'd like to add that the economic model was changing and got more liberal during the years . 
  the 1973 oil shock ramped up foreign debt that never recovered after international creditors asked for wider liberalization in the '80s . 
  quiet sanctions against yugoslavia made it even more prone to borrowing and under pressure from the west pm markovic made extensive reforms . 
  he stabilized the currency ( 1:7 parity with dem ) and opened the currency market , made business reforms ( almost 300 thousand small business owners in three months ) , liberalized imports ( some sources say that in the end of 1989 90 % of imports were private but i do n't buy it ) , ended shortages and got support from the imf , eec and most importantly us . 
  he started to dismantle the massive state owned machine and quietly introduced capitalism . 
  although he was a great diplomat that got excellent conditions so the foreign debt actually fell during 1990 , he was just an economist and his reforms were in the end suffocated by milosevic 's credit sabotage from one side and slovenia and croatia seceding on the other . 
  his short tenure was remembered by a higher standard ( a thousand german marks was a normal workers pay at one point ) , but the economy crumbled very fast . 
  he tried to mediate and form a new , liberal federation , but milosevic got the army on his side and the rest is ... the present . 
  sources and further reading :, 
  financial aspects of state succession : the case of yugoslavia . 
  european journal of international law 12.4 , 2001 . 
  ] ( http://ejil.oxfordjournals.org/content/12/4/751.full.pdf ), 
  judah , tim . 
  the serbs : history , myth and the destruction of yugoslavia , yale university press 1997 . 
  interviews in lider ( 2009 , croatian ) and danas ( 2003 , serbian ) with ante markovic . 
  edit : my answer is slightly on the edge of your question but i 'll leave this here . 
  sise means boobs in croatian and serbian . 
  it 's nothing like that and i 'm surprised of the ignorant people that upvoted you . 
  yugoslavs were free to travel and often did to italy and austria . 
  pop culture was vibrant and very influenced from the west - the punk and new wave music scenes were among the best in europe . 
  yugoslavs won nobel prizes and oscars , sports teams were successful and tourism bloomed . 
  in everyday life it was mostly a normal country . 
  what does that have to do with north korea and yugoslavia in the 70 's ? 
  preparing for war so it 's basically a war economy . 
  \\  anonymous, 
  \\  members, 
  what 's an exclusive language feature ? 
  all . 
  upvotes . 
  coca cola has legendary advertising and i was trying to remember a quote from some exec why they spend so much money on it even though they 're on the top . 
  instead i just posted this question here . 
  i love tivoli . 
  a friend spent two hours riding everything you can and i drank beer and chilled on the grass . 
  lovely place . 
  this is exactly what 's wrong with / r/music . 
  people post popular songs that get upvoted by people who see it on the front page , making sure no original content ( not just music , articles , discussions and questions ) gets much attention . 
  currently only three threads on / r/music have more than 20 posts , and that 's a popular song reposted dozens of times with no new discussions , an ama with a musician and a song from a movie . 
  i have no problems with 2/3 of those , but on an average day / r/music is just shitty repost after repost that get massive attention and everything else gets none . 
  people use this subreddit as their facebook wall , posting songs they like , fishing for upvotes/likes . 
  meanwhile south koreans are n't as worried as redditors thousands of miles away . 
  why is half of croatia blue ? 
  no elected government , just a caretaker government . 
  so it does n't mean nobody ruled , and even if it was like that , i do n't get why you 're so happy about that . 
  there is talk that wikipedia is full of restricted info but censoring it will only make it better known . 
  why ? 
  [ soon ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2009/feb/03/german-troops-france-alsace-lorraine ), 
  pointing fingers at something 60 years ago is moot , insulting and derogatory .
