  either way , that 's bigger than the music recordings industry global revenues - a media industry that is over 120 years old ; or bigger than hollywood movies box office income , an industry that is 100 years of age . 
  and mms is now eight years old . 
  ( and yes , thank you for asking , i said that mms is never going to replace sms in 2004 . ), 
  i 'd just like to know where are they coming from . 
  i 'm not a developer but i follow the scene closely , microsoft is very friendly to a developer . 
  seljacina would be more apropos, 
  i see you 've met a fair share of german tourists . 
  ( somewhat obscure stereotype ), 
  oh piss off . 
  everything can be funny if used in a proper context . 
  if people can joke about death , killing and what a kid in a blender looks like , then rape is fair game . 
  i sympathise with victims and understand their pain , but in a proper time and place , everything can be used as a joke . 
  i wo n't tell a rape victim , but i do n't mind the monthy `` dirtiest joke '' reddit has . 
  it should be easy to make reddit look like some document with a good stylesheet ... 
  i can already imagine it , the header would look like the one from word , links and comments would look like paragraphs ( black color and times new roman ) . 
  just put the browser into full screen and it would look like a normal word document . 
  hell , you could even swap for other apps . 
  i liked no doubt , the early stuff was cool, 
  yes her , not the guy who made the video . 
  you think she made it on her own , just because of her talent ? 
  it 's the producers who made her and the marketing machine who made her a star . 
  this is what people often say just because they think only keisha , britney spears and the like are pop music . 
  there is a shit load of good pop music , you only have to find it ( hint : mtv and the radio are not good choices ) . 
  she 's just a stooge . 
  the video was made by jonas akerlund and he and his crew should get the credit . 
  i love the ground he walks on , but man ... 
  balls in mouth ... no . 
  i love tarantino for a simple reason . 
  i only watched his good movies : pulp fiction , reservoir dogs , inglourious basterds and jackie brown ( four rooms too , if you count that ) . 
  outran the cops about a year ago . 
  i take pride in that because a ) i was n't guilty and b ) i 'm kinda fat . 
  in completely unrelated news , three months ago the uk has decided to reduce its reliance on the us and its foreign policy and pursuit their own interest more . 
  whew , just wanted to say i 'd take fincher 's balls any day , but ok , cinematic . 
  this , but i got an erection . 
  yes , this was before she wrote she was a girl . 
  yup . 
  my parents never barred alcohol from me and i 've been drinking with them before i knew it was `` cool '' . 
  that 's why today i do n't blackout drunk and have discipline about alcohol . 
  it 's interesting that they rarely drink and we never actually got drunk together . 
  the same with violent games and movies . 
  this is completely normal . 
  wrong . 
  popular and pop music are two different things and even if they were n't there is good pop music around . 
  pop as a genre does n't have to be the stuff you see on tv like the artist i mentioned . 
  from the top of my head : joss stone , the vaselines , regina spector , the smiths . 
  pixies and r.e.m have pop elements , the new pornographers mix with punk and rock , ok go , maybe weezer . 
  do n't let the media distort what pop really is . 
  that 's bullshit . 
  she 's a product like any other modern mainstream pop star ( i accept exceptions ) , with the difference that she has talent . 
  she can sing , write and play instruments , but that has nothing to do with her current carrer . 
  as someone else said , lady gaga and stefani germanotta are two different people . 
  listen to the songs . 
  her voice is autotuned , the instruments are computer generated and the lyrics are mundane . 
  what she 's doing now is for the money and does n't have anything to do with her talent . 
  considering what i know about her , if someone would ask her ( and money would n't be involved ) she would n't look anything like she does today . 
  also , her fame is 80 % marketing and pr , something her label and team did , not her . 
  the us * does * have a traditionally low voter turnout so he has a point there . 
  i checked `` get him to the greek '' [ wikipedia page ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/get_him_to_the_greek ) . 
  it has a picture of jonah hill talking and having a microphone in his hand . 
  below , the caption reads :, 
   jonah hill , preparing to eat lunch , at a panel for the film in austin , texas in may 2010, 
  i 'm reviewing a fucking awesome tablet pc today , and found out that it actually recognises my awful awful handwriting . 
  for a minute there i thought i 'm not a failing loser !, 
  you probably do but are too proud to ask for it . 
  dry sparkling wine , usually sweet in taste , but mostly just awesome . 
  coconut shrimp , pepper shrimp , shrimp soup , shrimp stew , shrimp salad ... 
  i do n't think you understand what europe is . 
  it 's a set of independent countries bonded by the same culture and history , and settled on the same continent . 
  the us is a country , a single entity made out of federal units and it is n't and ca n't be comparable to europe or the eu . 
  then again in my central/eastern european country everything in the article still stands : free education , free health care , vacations , social net , more workers right , better food ... 
  try going to this eastern european shithole and then say how bad it is . 
   on the other hand , american values are by definition the best in the world for people who believe in freedom and self-determination . 
  it was going great until this sentence . 
   my friends in denmark get charged full subscription cost of all private & public tv stations because they own a tv . 
  most if not all european countries have a television licence , and it is not a full subscription cost of all private and public stations . 
  it 's a yearly tax that gets a public tv station funding . 
  that 's why almost every country in europe has at least one tv station that is actually fair and balanced , with educational and informational programming . 
  that 's interesting . 
  i can do all of those things and i live in europe . 
  you ca n't compare states to countries , they 're not even close . 
  sure , states have rights to put up their laws , but even that 's often overrided from the federal government . 
  an independent country has infinitely more powers than a state in the us . 
  military , diplomacy , laws ... 
   but both also struggle to keep pace with economic development, 
  poland currently has the biggest gdp growth in europe . 
   social progress, 
  czech republic has decriminalized most narcotics . 
  well i was talking about the difference between states and countries and my argument is n't the only one . 
  the us states are n't independent , washington has a firm grip on them , and they share a lot more than european countries . 
  even though i have a low opinion of paddy ashdown , he did a rather good job in bosnia and herzegovina . 
  but in the end , i 'm against an idea of a special envoy to the balkans . 
  putting one person in charge of communicating with several countries with a long history of conflicts and disputes can be counterproductive and even insulting . 
  while some are marching straight to the `` west '' and are already members of nato ( slovenia , croatia and albania ( although slovenes are probably not in this group ) ) , other are making some strange steps that show they are still not sure where they want to go , even though every country in the region says it wants to end up in the eu . 
  not to mention bosnia and herzegovina which ** will ** end up as a big problem again if the eu does n't do shit like the last time . 
  i 'm kinda ashamed that it took the us , an outsider to the region , to fix a problem just because european powers could n't agree . 
  thanks , i love reading about other countries internal politics and affairs . 
  he has a concert in my city tomorrow ( or on monday ? ) . 
  i 'm not going to see it , i 'd rather respect him for what he did 40 years ago . 
   the word ` fascism ' is almost entirely meaningless ... almost any english person would accept ` bully ' as a synonym for ` fascist ', 
  - george orwell,
