  the camp in question was made to kill everyone the puppet regime did n't agree with , regardless of religion . 
  the guy who led the camp at one point was a franciscan priest , but he was n't sent by the church to lead it and the church did n't approve his acts there since he was in the military . 
  i do n't see an analogy with al qaeda or bin laden working . 
  i do n't see what the problem with nominating the tea party is ? 
  taking two things into consideration : the winner does n't have to be a person and the winner does n't have to have a positive impact , just an impact . 
  assange should be first , i agree , but i do n't see why the tea party should n't be second . 
  they made a big impact on us politics , making headlines every day , and starting a new political route , or at least organising it . 
  like them or not , they 're impact is huge , although more limited to the us . 
  [ related ] ( http://drezner.foreignpolicy.com/posts/2010/12/13/wanted_dumber_simpler_celebrities ), 
  an interesting perspective on celebrities and their activism . 
  i 'm glad he 's confusing him with a book character , not some mindless celebrity like bieber or some other disney abortion . 
  ( yes , i 'm aware that harry potter is a movie franchise , and that the guy playing him is a celebrity , but i 'm young enough to remember that the book was * huge * even before the movie came out . 
  i have the first book from 1998 that has a similar image of harry potter on its cover ), 
  i do n't want to be the snob that says it sucks before hearing it , but my expectations are low enough that i 'll be satisfied with anything they publish . 
  they are a cool entry level dance music band , and i 'll listen to them in that context ( and a couple of songs ) , but i wo n't go deeper because i do n't like the genre . 
  why do they allow women to volunteer for the military then ? 
  i noticed a lot of tea partiers using the whole `` blood of tyrants and patriots '' quote , calling obama a tyrant , insisting the government is out to get them ... 
  would you join them too ? 
  would you support their march for freedom from opression ? 
  do you really think that a tyrannical government would be so open that the whole population would rise up , and not a quarter or half ? 
  the whole argument implies a civil war . 
   but there are groups that support all of these issues , even if there do n't happen to be people in your area knocking on your door about it . 
  `` well , at least not where i live . '', 
  i do n't live in the us and i 'm sure there are n't groups doing that . 
   are you aware how stupid that sounds ? 
  are you aware that i was n't implying it is a single group ? 
  i was just making the distinction between `` interesting '' ( domestic abuse , cancer , small children ) and `` not interesting '' charities and organizations . 
  so has every other entertainer , she is n't different from the rest of them . 
  as much as i do n't like the circlejerk that 's been going around about them , they do have popular shows that reach a lot of people , clearly shown by the rally , which made news across the world . 
  everything i 've heard about lady gaga is just showbiz related , although she did mention dadt at a concert in my town ( europe ) . 
  every singer has a pet charity or activity , lady gaga really did n't cross any lines here . 
  sure , she 's famous , but so is bono and he did n't deserve his person of the year , too . 
  there really are a lot of people who can go on the list before her . 
  bono was person of the year a couple of years ago . 
  then he replied to the wrong person , as i was n't talking about reasoning but the fact that eternalgymnoob was factually wrong . 
  what 's the problem ? 
  daft punk is one of the most famous dance/house/electronic / whatever bands , meaning that a lot of people not interested in that kind of music listen to them anyway . 
  sorta like my mom likes metallica but does n't care about metal . 
  they 're famous enough to cross over to other fanbases . 
  and yet the world has changed so much ... 
  ( btw , i did n't downvote your previous post , someone else did . 
  i try to follow the reddiquette ), 
  that 's the beautiful thing about the internet . 
  i can , within minutes , download an album from an obscure 60 's band that was n't good or relevant even then . 
  we already have the capsule and it is awesome . 
  since most countries demand allegiance in times of war , dual citizenship should be a problem for all military personel . 
  but that 's just my logic , not any law i know of . 
  arnold schwarzenegger , colin powell , michael bloomber used to be a republican ... 
  you 're missing the perspective on the leaks . 
  yes , it is a huge story , but the average american is n't in touch with the impact they have , and i 'm afraid the leaks will be drowned into other stories too soon . 
  most of the leaks reported in the mainstream media is just gossip while the most important cables do n't get the impact they deserve . 
  as the situation is now , the leaks did n't change much . 
  we knew that the government would n't flat out admit wrongdoings , that they would pursue assange , that the sheer amount of leaks will be confusing ... 
  the tea party attacks the base of us politics and introduces a rightwing `` grassroots '' movement that rallies around ideas that were mostly fringe in the republican party . 
  the amount of press they got is incredible . 
  you ca n't be a servant to two masters . 
  more than 6000 submissions just in this subreddit should tell you . 
  i do n't want to offend daft punk or suggest that `` entry level '' is somehow bad , but just that the band has mass appeal for some people , but it does n't go deep . 
  muse is just radiohead for assholes . 
  sarah palin is n't a fad anymore . 
  the tea party will be a strong part of us politics for years to come . 
  of course i think julian or wikileaks should have been first , mark zuckerberg somewhere far far down the list ( or in 2007 ) , but i 'm trying to argument that the rage op displayed at the tea party being third is unfounded . 
  there 's an / r/europe ? 
  americans do n't know shit about gun politics in european countries . 
  i hear that indonesia is on the crossroads . 
  i read somewhere that bin laden went underground after the cruise missile attacks on his camps . 
  but the thing is some newspaper leaked information that the us was tracing his calls ( satellite phone ) and after that never got his exact location . 
  was http in the address bar removed ? 
  can i get it back ? 
  [ related ] ( http://www.penny-arcade.com/comic/2006/1/20/ ), 
  which means `` priest '' in latin . 
  woohoo , one year of learning latin in high school finally paid off !, 
  i do n't get the us reference . 
  well it depends if it 's something i need right now , does n't it ? 
  in the proper moment i would pay double just to get something this second , but today i ordered three books from amazon that will get here a few days before the end of the year - and that 's ok . 
  i got them cheap , i got stuff to read until then . 
  not a big issue . 
  but if i were getting ready for a 6 hour flight and needed something to read to save my life , i 'd pay $ 20 or $ 30 for a book if needed . 
   do you factor into your decision supporting retail jobs ? 
  this may be selfish , but unless i get some other value for my money , i do n't care where i buy stuff . 
  which is 90 % of the bad feeling i have with this game . 
  looks like a more expensive and elaborate set of kinects . 
  i 'm just curious about huge bands i 've never heard about , not looking for new music , just knowledge . 
  also , sirius is n't available in europe . 
  i 'm still not sure whether i 'm pro or con on wikileaks and assange , but as a wannabe historian and just a very curious person i read hundreds of cables and ca n't wait for more to come out . 
  because it 's not a speech , it 's a short interview . 
  the daily show actually airs on cnn international , which is how i first heard of the show a couple of years ago . 
   are puns still in vogue ? 
  * checks url *, 
  yes , yes they are . 
  the fact that all three comments have a lot of upvotes is great . 
  this depends even within a country or even demographics . 
  in eastern europe you could pass with russian with old people but english or german with young people . 
  that 's in cities , some regions have cultural ties with other countries or some other tradition that makes them unfamiliar with english . 
  it 's hard to do this on a country level . 
  myspace was a piece of shit in 2006 , it is a piece of shit now . 
  there was enough room for facebook to develop a greater audience . 
  meat in the supermarket is tested and made controlled . 
  90 % that , but the other 10 % is that sometimes i ca n't get a movie or show no matter how much i 'm wiling to pay for it . 
  technology makes it too easy to get any movie , album or show i want in a matter of minutes and i 'm using that without much moral problems .
