  i 'm european but i know shit about fashion , so would you give an example of the main differences ? 
  different situation . 
  how many troops ? 
  a hundred marines with some light support to protect the port is nothing unusual , but military advisors for assad and russian special forces in rebel towns is an outrage . 
  if scott pilgrim got out in the vhs era it would be a rental hit , i 'm sure . 
  as a non-british imposter in this subreddit , i love the way you guys hate on thatcher anytime she 's mentioned . 
  you are a saint mister . 
   shitty 60s beachsploitation movies, 
  oh god that bulge . 
  ca n't ... look ... away ... 
  us croatians taste a little like serbians so i 'll give you that . 
  [ \u017divio skj ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zc9n94rchdo ), 
  some of them come close enough . 
  i 'd love it if someone would show us some punk from behind the iron curtain from poland or the soviet union . 
  they were notoriously shoddy when compared to regular candybar phones . 
  our cities are smaller and made for more than just cars . 
  people do n't live two hours away from where they work . 
  and alexander wept , for the gas prices were getting higher . 
  build smarter cities . 
  it 's pretty damn close . 
  is that a verizon motorola ? 
  it 's cdma which wo n't work in europe where we use gsm . 
  you can get a cheap ass nokia phone on every corner , i recommend it . 
  visit / r/worldpolitics some times , that subreddit is shit , and the moderators ( who got in that position not by making the subreddit , but by claiming lack of moderation and getting access by the admins ) let anything on the front page , only recently removing blogspam ( but not blatantly offtopic content ) . 
  look at the comments , at the submissions , at the people submitting . 
  it is a complete hellhole dominated by offtopic and bad content , ruled by a couple of people . 
  i do n't know what to think . 
  the first half of it shows nothing more than a bit of dubrovnik and some scenery from the train , except vukovar and the painful ov\u010dara it is void of the history and culture these guys talk about getting into . 
  zagreb and zadar are completely skipped . 
  again , except vukovar this first part is void of any real content . 
  it looks like four guys filming their stops until they hit their destination , not `` diving into the heart of balkan culture '' . 
  not to be the grumpy local , but we 've had enough foreigners who spend a week here and think they know everything . 
  it is very well made , i 'll give them that . 
  edit : i did the same trip they did . 
  the train to belgrade is the closest thing to hell i lived through . 
  was that necessary ? 
  it was n't racist at all . 
  i remember well the first comments to the utoya shootings . 
  `` religion of peace '' . 
  most of them deleted it later , probably out of shame . 
  people will write that it 's an islamic attack everytime so wheather you knew it or not does n't mean much . 
  quick , someone find the charlie brooker clip . 
  i have a hard time describing why , but i hate this map . 
  i expected more german last names . 
  so i googled it , and ... wow . 
  warning : techno music around 0:52 on the second video . 
  jfk was an awesome movie . 
  stone and costner equals a long fucking time , but if not interpreted historically , it is great . 
  it would be racist if it was derogatory and intentionally in the spirit of `` blackface '' . 
  not when the lady is just oiled dark and has a wig . 
  it looks like latvia wins out in the end . 
  because 4chan . 
  yes it does . 
  nothing is racist on itself . 
  blackface is n't considered racist in a lot of places ( and i 'm talking about the comical obviously over the top blackface ) and a girl pretending to be black certainly should n't be considered racist . 
  it was well made , i did n't even notice it was bianca , and it was tasteful . 
  no , it is because people are going way out of their pc box to accuse non-offensive things as racism . 
  this is going too far . 
  do n't mention the war ? 
  will the mods comply to every instance of offensive material ? 
  since offensive things are highly subjective , if enough ( let 's say ) feminists occupy this subreddit , will all nsfw posts be deleted ? 
  your opinion offends me , but i 'm not a minority so it does n't count now does it ? 
  also your downvotes in a civil discussion like this are counterproductive and counter to the rediquette . 
  and ban people who post things like `` oh i love her pics '' and does n't post the name . 
  if you know the name , fucking post it . 
  so fucking what ? 
  i see a single black person a week , if i do n't get out much it could be a month . 
  i do n't ski , but i do n't see the purpose in this kind of black/white stuff bullshit . 
  you have no idea in what direction it went . 
  a bullet to the head is pretty fucking lethal . 
  i 'd wager there 's more about people not surviving a shot in the head . 
  sunn o ) ) ) lyrics book ? 
  is it harder or easier than refuling a fixed wing aircraft ? 
  there 's a solid case for both i guess . 
  i love the old socialist and communist symbols . 
  sure they 're not modern , but since i was born under [ this one ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/c0/coat_of_arms_of_the_socialist_republic_of_croatia.svg/500px-coat_of_arms_of_the_socialist_republic_of_croatia.svg.png ) i like it . 
  it 's weird that he keeps using `` italy '' . 
  belgium had a government , it was just out of its mandate because a new one was n't established after the elections . 
  a caretaker government . 
  suprisingly solid when you consider it 's coming from the daily mail . 
  really ? 
  for how much ? 
  i 'm in the backwoods ( nintendo-handheld-wise ) and ca n't get my hands on a color one . 
  in the uk you can sign a petition on [ this site ] ( http://epetitions.direct.gov.uk/ ) and if it gets 100 thousand signatures it will be discussed in parliament . 
  it worked for gaining transparancy for the hillsborough disaster . 
  accesible and cheap in every country ? 
  good price . 
  i ca n't find a color , and gba is around 30 pounds without games . 
  i fucking love tenacious d . but do n't call people elitist just because they have opinions that differ from yours , or just have higher standards . 
  let them be . 
  i love the checkered field . 
  not a lot of countries have such a simple yet great symbol that can be used on everything . 
  also the red white and blue , but the crown is political and archaic , not something that would pass today . 
  that part was made in a nationalist fervor and represents historic regions that were n't part of croatia for most of history , equating them with others . 
  croatia is a republic , not a kingdom and we do n't need a crown . 
  you 're right . 
  it never occured to me that a plane ride would be cheaper . 
  there are tickets from 700 dkk , but the one that works for me is about a thousand . 
  expensive but comfy and fast i guess . 
  i 'll look into other options before deciding .
