  should reservoir dogs be on that list ? 
  dubranov is dubrovnik i guess ? 
  what 's the ad council and why did they make these ? 
   norway does n't have to worry about defense forces , when nato in essence provides it for them . 
  by that argument no country in nato has to worry about defense forces because nato provides protection . 
  oh and btw , norway has the highest military expenditures per capita in europe . 
  considering their low crime and murder rates , yes they do . 
   name another country that is trained and use to uavs . 
  every country ? 
  my country of 4,5 million uses uavs . 
  i agree with you , but the french resistance role is overplayed since after the war . 
  their biggest succeses were strikes , sabotages , intelligence and saving downed pilots , but compared to other resistance movements like the yugoslav one it 's nowhere near . 
  just for comparison , the yugoslav partisans liberated the country practically by themselves and tied down more than 20 axis divisions . 
  they killed over 20 thousand germans and 200k domestic supporters . 
  french resistance had a great role , but the praises they get in movies and books is a bit too much romanticised . 
  my country as well . 
  we used homemade ones in a war in 1991 . 
  find other examples of us superiority , uavs do n't have to be one of them . 
  croatia , not exactly a military power . 
  there are more political parties and system than democrats and republicans . 
  though i would n't draw a comparison , your last sentence reminds me of a certain movement active in the us today . 
  vulgarity just for the sake of it gets bestoffed all the time . 
  especially those annoying motivational stories people write in reply to depressed or forever alone posts . 
  of course , their representation in media and books is too much . 
  yugoslav movies , while cool , were almost propaganda and they are too much . 
   the axis forces occupying yugoslavia were mostly third-rate divisions , manned by the weak , the wounded and the elderly and armed with third-rate weapons , like captured french tanks etc. 
  mostly . 
  although most of the liberation was done after italy surrendered partisans were vital in fighting the axis . 
  let 's not forget even elite troops were brought in on some occasions , but even if they were all substandard , they were still very advanced considering partisans were n't properly armed , trained or commanded . 
   their `` heroic acts '' were mostly the mass killings ( often by impalement and other medieval execution methods ) of many tens of thousands of german , croat and other ( of course mostly non-serb ) civilians and military men alike ( in ' 44-45 ) who cooperated with the enemy or were suspected so . 
  i did n't mention any heroic acts because every side did a lot of war crimes and i ca n't endorse any of them , but in the same time wo n't forget the role partisans had . 
  the figures i quoted are for soldiers , but i 'm not sure if it accounts bleiburg and other non combat deaths . 
  how were they derived ? 
  to be fair the movie was shit . 
  they put every good joke in the trailer . 
  considering there 's a living r/answers out there this looks redundant . 
  onion av club has a whole series of bands doing covers , i think they did a great job . 
  also , one subreddit had a song contest , but i really forgot which one . 
  it was cool . 
  to be fair antisemitism was the norm in europe at that time . 
  the smiths - panic, 
  dinosaur jr - cat in a bowl, 
  the rolling stones - sympathy for the devil ( everyone does this one so why not ), 
  radiohead - just, 
  this is a politically very biased comment , something not entirely suitable for this subreddit . 
  a source on that ? 
  anyone remember incandescent highway ? 
  / mu / made up a band to troll the general population and the press but it looks like it went belly up in the process . 
  i see there 's a last.fm , even a [ facebook ] ( https://www.facebook.com/pages/incandescent-highway/107699625923594 ) page , some fake downloads ... hope it lives again . 
  were n't they also talking about bombing al jazeera hq for a while ? 
  edit : despite downvotes , [ proof ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/al_jazeera_bombing_memo ), 
  i was in riga about two months ago and liked your city center , but some of the pedestrian roads are a mess . 
  i hurt my foot in one of them . 
  is there an r/corsets ? 
  there should be . 
  um , is n't serious sam developed by croteam ? 
  can we get the commenting statistics guy in here ? 
  i 'm wondering how many comments are about romania and how many about the us . 
  here , in r/worldnews . 
  a lot of countries are doing what they can to integrate gypsies into society , but all attempts seem to fail . 
  what do you think would be the right way ? 
  here in croatia the government got sued in the european human rights court for making special school classes for them , because they were well behind other students . 
  the government lost the case because of discrimination . 
  i still ca n't shake that off . 
  inception was a terrific movie but every time i see leonardo i just remember the kid from titanic . 
  i ca n't help myself . 
  well they are shit , so yes , fuck them . 
  being profitable is n't a good enough reason for me not to shit on their terrible shows . 
  it 's easy to have that stance when you speak a dominating language , but if you consider how much culture and identity is tied to any language you would force assimilation . 
  would you want your culture to disappear in order to communicate easily to people in other countries ? 
  nobody in their sane mind should , especially because humans do n't have a problem knowing more than one language . 
  i speak english for easier communication , but croatian is still my language i would n't want it to go extinct . 
  as much as i agree with you , you ca n't deny that a huge proportion of gypsies act that way . 
  in croatia where i live we gave them free apartments , tried to get them enrolled into schools with other children and pay a lot of money for their integration . 
  while i ca n't comment on the situation in hungary , ransacked apartments , destroyed free textbooks and corrupt local organizations talk for themselves . 
  the gypsy kids i went to school with were systematically sabotaged by their parents and their society which would n't let them go to school and waste time there because they could be working and making money instead . 
  it 's anecdotal evidence , but a lot of them were given a chance which was taken away from them by their own people , not the society which learned to associate skin color with crime . 
  edit : i forgot to write that the way society treats them is sometimes sickening . 
  personally i do n't hold anything against any race or ethnicity , but the gypsy problem is a widespread one and calling people racists for pointing that out is n't the way to fix it . 
  not every race or culture is the same , and you substituting `` inner city blacks '' with `` gypsies '' shows you did n't have much contact with them . 
  not that i agree with the post you replied to , but i 've seen my fair share of gypsies and most of positive examples i saw were here on reddit , never in real life . 
   as an american currently on croatia/hungary border, 
  going to the seaside ? 
  any answer i can give would be ignorant since i really do n't know . 
  if i had to guess i would say generations and generations of bad education by parents and their surroundings , shunned by mainstream society . 
  egg and chicken problem . 
  but you do understand that you are an exception , not a rule ? 
  you were obviously not immersed in the gypsy culture as much as the hungarian one . 
   but mainly the discrimination came only from race . 
  a pavlovian reaction . 
  that did n't come out of nowhere and unfortunately you were on the recieving end . 
  i 'm very sorry for your troubles and you are a great example of why generalizations are shit and individuals should get their chances without being stereotyped just because of their skin color . 
  taking children from parents is a very extreme example and not something i can approve of , even if the result is a better future for the child . 
  the problem is bigger and broader than just that . 
  do gypsies even want to assimilate ? 
  is that something to strive to ? 
  do they need their own state or autonomy ? 
  do they want education in the long run ? 
  we have very conflicting cultures and that is a difficult thing to marry . 
   should n't they at least be asked to assimilate to the extent that they go to school , do n't break any laws and support themselves ?
