  that movie cost less than 2 million dollars . 
  being hetero and all , i do n't have much problem admiting that alexander skarsgard is dreeeamy . 
  [ the whole movie is on youtube for free !, 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/movie?v=habychwbjcg&amp;ob=av1n&amp;feature=mv_sr ), 
  the little shop , the little shop of horrors ... 
  edit : it looks like the original version , not the ricky moranis one . 
  sorry guys . 
  fugazi in a nutshell . 
  not worldpolitics . 
  are people that shallow ? 
  nothing to do with pc vs consoles , sony did a lot of bad things in all lines of work . 
  most trailers show too much . 
  this one shows too little . 
  the original one works great for me in europe . 
  does n't work for me . 
  but i have strabismus so i guess this goes right between `` ca n't see 3d movies '' and `` people think you 're looking somewhere behind them '' . 
  what kind of shit gets more than a thousand upvotes these days . 
  screw this alpha bullshit . 
   that google maps can pinpoint my home router with such incredible accuracy is a bit unnerving . 
  not related to the discussion , but how does google pull this off ? 
  check out [ hacker news ] ( http://news.ycombinator.com/ ) . 
  out of 30 front page posts , 24 are about jobs . 
  i gave around $ 20 two-three years ago . 
  records are so expensive here :(, 
  where i live ( in europe ) $ 20 is the standard price . 
  i paid the same amount for jesus christ superstar and the wall . 
  the only cheaper one i found was 461 ocean boulevard by eric clapton . 
   in the name of liberty . 
   massive cointelpro effort on reddit, 
   we the 99 % demand, 
   bloomberg must go !, 
  good luck being taken seriously . 
  the video you posted should talk for itself , not some conspiracy lunatic . 
  it 's simple really . 
  right wingers , nationalists , overt patriots , chavs and the like wave their flag so much that it makes the rest of us uneasy . 
  i. . . fucking ... love hair !, 
  over here ( if you can find it ) is expensive . 
  most records were printed locally and are pretty cheap , especially local bands , but some bands missed their chance so alternative music and some older classics got left behind . 
  about that ... 
  bat out of hell seems to be in every household i ever visited . 
  every-fucking-one has that one . 
   it 's funny really, 
  speak for yourself , i got ta find hair online now . 
  you call them prawns , right ? 
  i met an australian this summer that told me that . 
  it was even funnier that way . 
  my american relative was here ( not far from poland ) for a week . 
  in relation to obama , he said that america is now more communist than yugoslavia ever was . 
  how 's that for perspectives ? 
  liberals say america is turning fascist , conservatives say that america is turning totalitarian and communist . 
  the same in croatia , and a lot of other eastern european countries . 
  it 's simple . 
  my university is 20 minutes from my house , on foot . 
  an apartment and food cost a lot of money , enough to warrant a lot of subsidy from my parents or a well paid temp job . 
  people `` settle '' once they buy a house or an apartment . 
  renting is n't popular and most people avoid it , so you make the huge step until you are married and have someone to work out the finances with . 
  somalia is more or less a world for itself . 
  nobody cares anymore . 
  real ira , not ira . 
  od vardara pa do triglava ... 
  was n't there a group that trolled mcdonalds in australia ? 
  awesome . 
  i watched hair in sweden , 99 % in swedish . 
  i very much enjoyed it anyway , it was very progressive for my view of a theater show . 
  are there any artist that cross the line and could do both ? 
   stiff little fingers, 
  they are irish , but do n't play the same kind of punk as other bands in the same category . 
  i 'd add husker du as a punk band that went from hardcore punk to open a whole new world with zen arcade and later works . 
  the best way would be chronological . 
  start with ... 
  the stooges and go from there , branch out to black flag , dead kennedys , sex pistols , ramones and then to sub genres , but all made out to be a tree . 
  oh god damn that last one . 
  all eu passports are of the same color , but this one looks like the uk one . 
   that would make sense - like the tree the movie `` metal - a headbanger 's journey '' did for the genealogy of heavy metal . 
  good idea . 
   with the full understanding , of course , that genre tags are generally invented/relied upon by small minded tits who need a slap . 
  fully knowing that i 'm in hostile waters - i love genre tags . 
  of course it 's dumb to rely on them as if they 're set in stone , but they are a good way to describe the kind of music a band is playing . 
  sure , a lot of bands transcend a single word , but there 's on word that comes to mind when someone says `` minor threat , black flag , circle jerks '' , and it makes enough sense for me to stick to that . 
  at last , we are discussing this in r/punk , not r/music or r/rock . 
  it 's one thing to jerk around with post-avantgarde-proto-punk , but another thing when you hear a song and say `` yeah , that sound like punk '' . 
  incoming : a thousand posts about belgium not having a government . 
  the fact that there is one ( albeit caretaker ) does n't interest anybody . 
  four makes two unless you 're dead !, 
  it 's a joke people . 
  silly internet joke making fun of nationalism more than being nationalist . 
  my favorite punk song has a piano part in it . 
  they 're just getting their games back . 
  i do n't get it . 
  quick , post some personal information !, 
  itt : people with no sense of humor . 
  i sincerely thought it was one of those twist endings where it turns out it 's a story from a movie or a show . 
  like the legendary [ i hate my job story ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/97jht/i_hate_my_job/ ) . 
  i do n't see `` crnjo '' as nigger and would n't see it translated as any kind of offensive word . 
  part for your quote , part because we do n't even have an offensive word for black people . 
  they have business scenarios that say : x people will buy the game for the pc . 
  we will earn y money from that . 
  it will cost z to make the pc version . 
  if y is too far away from z - it does n't get done . 
  the sims in wolf 's clothing .
