  it 's super creepy and good enough to warrant a visit . 
  i 'll be sure to stop attacking assange in the future , do n't want to be on the government 's side !, 
  exactly here , but pointing to the north . 
  this looks like a tourist ad , not propaganda . 
  o da . 
  index nema para za kolumniste ( zato je klau\u0161ki i pre\u0161ao u 24 sata ) pa prenose dulje statuse simpatizera i frendova . 
  oprost bitches !, 
  oh and puerstner , between stephansplatz and stadtpark . 
  the numbers show that got maybe had a single digit effect on dubrovnik and that 's it . 
  this needs a few more variables , such as number of tourists or some transit stats . 
  also vehicles per person . 
  plus , baci pogled na definiciju republike . 
  jews did 9/11 !, 
  toliko . 
  bnp je njihov hsp . 
  it 's beautiful how random people gave you not only rides but a place to sleep as well . 
  although i got ta say it 's unorthodox to setup a tent anywhere or just sleep in a stairwell in most places in europe . 
  i propose a sticky or a big roundup - punk songs from non-punk bands . 
  are you referring to the term `` yugoslav '' as in demographics ? 
  it was used mostly by people in mixed marriages and others who identified very strongly with the country - about 5 % of them at most , according to the census . 
   -- designed by miki1973 --, 
  i never really thought about it , but why is n't there ? 
  i wo n't deny kanye being huge and talented but he 's not massively influential in pop culture . 
  especially not `` for a long time '' . 
  his influence is limited to hip hop and fashion and even that just to some parts of the western world . 
  popularity or noteriety are n't equal to influence . 
  evohosting bar none . 
  yeah z3 compact has its bad sides , but i converted three of my friends with the simple points :, 
  - battery life is great , even when killing the phone with streaming music over 4g . 
  never ** once ** did i refrain from doing anything on the phone because of it 's battery . 
  - the same with performance . 
  it 's smooth , works well and i have n't noticed a single software fuckup yet . 
  - it 's probably the perfect size for people who are fed up with plus sized phones . 
  i need a communication device , not a movie theatre in my pocket . 
  for me even the bad sides are simply `` meh '' and not dealbreakers . 
  i do n't use the camera much so that 's ok , sony 's software is at least discrete unlike samsung 's and the screen is fine - if it is n't directly compared to a superior one i would n't notice any difference . 
  i also did n't have issues with any build defect so i ca n't comment on that . 
  i last played bf2 and that shit infuriated me . 
  ca n't believe it 's still happening . 
  their whole strategy is to become hbo before hbo can become them . 
  this thread is complete shit , just circlejerking answers and yours is probably the only one worth to read . 
  banovi se daju za one koji to rade potajno i zlobno . 
   and just pitching a tent wherever, 
  unfortunately this is illegal . 
  you can only camp in designated areas and risk a fine if you get caught . 
  is n't it already in the us ? 
  you have multiple providers , hospitals . 
  in most single payer countries the state handles all of your healthcare needs . 
  very related great piece of journalism : http://mobile.nytimes.com/blogs/tmagazine/2014/11/10/london-taxi-test-knowledge/, 
   actually , `` challenge '' is n't quite the word for the trial a london cabby endures to gain his qualification . 
  it has been called the hardest test , of any kind , in the world . 
  its rigors have been likened to those required to earn a degree in law or medicine . 
  it is without question a unique intellectual , psychological and physical ordeal , demanding unnumbered thousands of hours of immersive study , as would-be cabbies undertake the task of committing to memory the entirety of london , and demonstrating that mastery through a progressively more difficult sequence of oral examinations -- a process which , on average , takes four years to complete , and for some , much longer than that . 
  that makes it ok . 
  misli\u0161 da bi se i drugi slo\u017eili s tim ? 
  any time a nice photo essay about iran pops up on reddit , all the comments are sure to note that `` we '' should n't bomb iran and that 's it 's a beautiful country . 
  one that denies women rights and executs gay people on town squares . 
  did i say that we should bomb them ? 
  or that it is n't a beautiful country ? 
  at this point much of mainstream rap is that just in style , heavily mixed with dance music and plain ol' pop . 
  probudio sam se u sssh majici , grah je ve\u0107 bio kuhan , kavu sam radio od 9 do podne . 
  they write shitty lists to make money because people click and talk about those . 
  nobody talks about the great longform investigative journalism they do . 
  is that buzzfeed 's fault or the readers ? 
  see also : countries with ballistic missile programs . 
  what are you into ? 
  zagreb has a big cultural scene , museum , concerts and various festivals and may is the middle of the season . 
  unfortunately i do n't have specific recommendations but the most charming thing for me is all the small streets , cafes and restaurants , the legends and stories , the fact that you can simply walk all day without getting bored . 
  * that is soo ro\u0161tilj *, 
  could this thing carry vtol airplanes with some modifications ? 
  and how many ? 
  force projection on the cheap . 
  i 've got something against you !, 
  lilian thuram scored two international goals in all his years of playing for the french national football team . 
  both were on the same match , beating the underdogs croatia for a chance at the world cup finals in 1998 . 
  i removed my comment , it was n't nearly near the standards of this subreddit . 
  here 's some reading on what i meant by it : http://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/14xxsq/why_does_the_czech_republic_have_so_many_atheists/, 
  her ineractions with xan are the best part of the show . 
  empty stadiums are used as punishments in football , at least in europe . 
  chande samo hejta wordpress jer ga ne voli , webiny je druk\u010diji proizvod i vi\u0161e je custom cms nego off the shelf no namer . 
  [ you 're looking for this ] ( http://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/comparison.jsp ), 
  it 's a street in vienna designed by the artist and architect friedensreich hundertwasser . 
  ljudi . 
  there 's one thing i do n't quite understand . 
  yugoslavia had practically open borders and both east and west tourists were coming there for vacation . 
  what stopped a family that had a car to simply go to a third country ( for vacation ) and from there go to the west ? 
  additionally , nato used the same flight patterns and the plane probably had the bomb doors open . 
  ahem . 
  i 've been there . 
  my usual method is to put myself in their position to avoid any cliche crap and at the same time give at least some challenge to the questions . 
  you are not their friend and you work for the audience , get something interesting and worthwhile , try hard not to be a fanboy . 
  i write 10 questions down but just follow my train of thought after the first two , one punk singer was so interesting that i just let him talk , leaving cues to fire him up even more . 
  not exactly sure what 's wtf about this , unless we 're going to start posting every racist sign we find . 
  philip 's gon na crack and become a flag-waving capitalist red blooded murrican anytime next season . 
  i just know it . 
  was n't this posted to reddit/imgur in the first place ? 
  he 's ... not called that ? 
  i used the second one until now . 
  his music is n't at all popular where i live and the only references to it i 've seen is on reddit , in threads like this . 
  i just never thought about it .
