  dunno about other countries , but in croatia it goes like this . 
  on st. nicholas eve ( 5th of december ) you clean your shoes and put it in your windows so that saint nick would bring you a modest present . 
  if you 're a good boy you find a present in your shoe in the morning , but if not ... krampus comes for you and puts you in his bag . 
  also shits in your shoe . 
  in some places people dress up as him and scare kids , but in cities it 's mostly limited to getting a golden twig that should remind you about krampus and that if you 're naughty he 'll come for your ass . 
  it 's probably a mediterranean thing but in croatia sitting down for a three hour drink is perfectly natural . 
  you have a meeting ? 
  let 's sit down for coffee . 
  going on a date ? 
  coffee . 
  sad ? 
  coffee . 
  happy ? 
  yup . 
  on one hand it 's a great social institution that can be used in many practical ways and does n't carry the pressure ( or price ) of taking somebody out for dinner or going on an actual business meeting . 
  it can be between friends , lovers , co-workers , strangers or family . 
  on the other it 's annoying to see all the cafes and squares full of people sitting and doing nothing in the middle of every day . 
  it 's just a manifestation of our culture of laziness . 
  also , `` coffee '' can be a beer , tea , juice or anything else . 
  it 's not a coffee culture , it 's a sitting down culture . 
  this is eli5 material . 
  it 's common knowledge why it happened and it 's dumb that this post exists . 
  scotland is a country that 's part of another country . 
  and that 's a fact that nationalism or ignorance ca n't change . 
  at least until the referendum . 
  why the czechoslovakian embassy ? 
  were n't they one of the main arms providers to israel ? 
  army ? 
  president or monarch ? 
  chair in the un ? 
  sure scotland is a country , but you ca n't stretch it into an independent and sovereign country no way . 
  yugoslavia was freed by the partisans , a multinational force that consisted of all the yugoslav nations . 
  they started in croatia and at one point most of them were croats so it 's difficult to paint a single nation as bad guys . 
  after the war tito cleared the usta\u0161e and other quislings like the serbian \u010cetniks and promoted unity among the peoples of yugoslavia . 
  making some of them look worse would go against the policy of brotherhood and unity that the country was based on . 
  the retributions against the usta\u0161a after the war were fierce and the partisans killed a massive amount , even using their own camps for internment . 
  it was all hush hush until yugoslavia broke up . 
  interesting , but wrong . 
  yugoslavia got arms from the west and some help from the soviets , but for the most part freed itself . 
  that 's why it was independent from any bloc during the cold war . 
  i like scotland as much as anybody . 
  i like your music , movies , scientists and history . 
  but while scotland is a country , it is n't an independent and sovereign country . 
  all the devolution was granted by the uk parliament and the ruler is still sitting in london . 
  terraneo is great , i 've been since the first year . 
  two times in the camp , but this year i 'm going to a hostel . 
  there 's a big tourist complex nearby that 's open to visitors and from this year there 's a beach opened specially for people on the festival . 
  it 's fun since there 's a lot of things to do , even if you 're only interested in a few bands , and \u0160ibenik is really alive at the time . 
  i 'd recommend it if you like a combination of fun and relaxing . 
  fuj . 
  then throw your computer or cell phone away . 
  in croatia it 's just tv 's with a built in receiver . 
  so most tv 's and a few monitors . 
  anyway , a lot of people ignore the fee . 
  tech is huge in israel and there is a big chance that the chips in your phone were made with help from israeli companies . 
  if you have an intel cpu in your computer that 's certain . 
  i hate racism as any other person , but some people go full retard and want to ban ethnic jokes that they perceive to be racist . 
  that kind of full on pc behavior annoys me more than edgy teenagers quoting chris rock routines . 
  most humor goes on somebody 's expense , whether it 's fat people , blonds or any ethnicity . 
  as long as its funnier than it is insulting , i 'm ok with it . 
  area man reminds people he does n't own a tv . 
   in 1991 iraq had the 3rd largest military on the planet , he got his ass kicked , like , a lot . 
  maybe technically , but it was badly organized and trained , outdated , demoralized and just plain bad . 
  the us had a sizable coalition , it 's not as it they did it themselves . 
  i 'm not dissing the might of the us military , just setting the record straight . 
  it was a cakewalk . 
  more troops died in accidents and friendly fire incidents than from enemy fire . 
  i 've never been to the us but i ca n't imagine life without places like this one . 
  i remember a few years ago when i defended the need for / r/atheism to stay in the default set . 
  it was a part of reddit culture and a reason why many * many * people came here in the first place . 
  in those days being religious was a good reason to get slaughtered by downvotes and people just did n't talk about it . 
  after a while / r/atheism got really bad , even before the big digg v4 invasion and it turned into a cesspool . 
  people , religious and atheist , now see it as a bad part of reddit . 
  something that used to matter , but now is just a disgrace . 
  the 8s is sooo pretty . 
  am i the only loser that would love a high end phone that is n't huge ? 
  the only winning move is not to play . 
  like the company . 
  like marijuana is n't to the pot smoking boomers ? 
  people change their views . 
  they would make a witty 1:15 song with a bitchin ' funky solo in the middle . 
  evil is unspectacular and always human , and shares our bed and eats at our own table . 
  - w.h. 
  k3p are alright but croatia has some good punk to offer . 
  i 'll make [ another ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/punk/comments/11j213/hey_rpunk_six_months_ago_i_gave_you_old_punk/ ) one of these post one day . 
  the whole `` yes we are guilty , but the others are too ! '', 
  argument is awful and wrong . 
  every side committed crimes , but one side hold more of the blame than the others and history should n't forget that . 
  ... which makes it ok . 
  i. . . do n't understand this article . 
  nice work sadako . 
  do ya like dags ? 
  [ slowpoke.jpg ] ( https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=693720403978442&amp;set=a.207898719227282.64809.207093839307770&amp;type=1 ), 
  sure i do . 
  but i hate croats as well so it evens out . 
  the datacenter is [ not actually that big ] ( http://www.forbes.com/sites/kashmirhill/2013/07/24/blueprints-of-nsa-data-center-in-utah-suggest-its-storage-capacity-is-less-impressive-than-thought/ ) in comparison . 
  so iraq ( with a very limited coalition ) is a prime example of interventionism ? 
  why not the balkans , where it worked quite well ? 
  everybody kills hitler on their first time . 
  and the dumbasses wrote it 's a croatian poster .
