  it 's a great phone , the keyboard is cool , but the screen is too small for a serious user . 
  ok , the alternative is the droid/milestone , but that 's a pretty big phone damnit . 
  why is the full keyboard segment forgotten on android phones ? 
  i would give my firstborn for a good android based phone with a full keyboard and normal size . 
  germany did n't build their war machine overnight , and hitler did n't start with provocations and fierce speeches in 1939 , so why were n't the other nations prepared for an attack ? 
  i know that france had manpower issues , but what about other countries ? 
  the general idea ( taught in elementary level books ) is that europe was in a false sense of security and most leaders were still using wwi tactics and weapons . 
  how much of this is true ? 
  i 'm looking for something i have n't heard before but i would like . 
  is somebody willing to make a playlist for me ? 
  [ here 's ] ( http://www.last.fm/user/rospaya2 ) my last.fm profile . 
  the music i listen to is mostly rock , punk and indie . 
  i also like garage rock , post , heavy metal ... 
  thanks in advace . 
  i 've read somewhere that whiskey is n't something you like on the firsty try , so it 's been a couple of months and i 've been trying all kinds of whiskey on different moods and nothing . 
  is it possible that i just do n't like whiskey and that 's all ? 
  i hate to be the guy that only drinks beer and wine , since i could n't get into vodka or any other hard liqour . 
  i 'm still on 9.64 and not planning to upgrade anytime soon . 
  always had some problems with upgrading : lost bookmarks , settings and lots of hacks i 'm used to using . 
  it looks really nice , but i think i 'll stay where i am until some important features get out . 
  i certainly have . 
  - garcia plays kyuss were great , not so in quality but just being the nearest thing to kyuss right now . 
  very happy to have been there . 
  - atari teenage riot had a reunion show , they rocked . 
  got the chance to interview alec empire which made it even better , even though it is n't really my favourite type of music . 
  - faith no more blew me away . 
  was n't expecting much , but mike patton knows his stuff and made the show a very memorable one . 
  i was n't a fan but now i am . 
  - suicidal tendencies were great , energetic , loud and provocative . 
  i just wanted to hear `` institutionalized '' but they still do n't perform it live . 
  got disappointed :, 
  - the chemical brothers put up just a normal set , not a show , something i can listen to ( and better enjoy ) in a club or at home . 
  soft , quiet and not something i expected . 
  - metallica had a solid setlist , but were too stiff and apparently the place i was standing did n't get the sound treatment people in the pit got . 
  let 's hear it , have you been on a good concert recently ? 
  are there companies that work with programmers and then take a cut ? 
  anybody have some experience ? 
  saw this on last.fm :, 
  `` rock out with your cock out : kyuss is coming back in 2011 with the original line-up . 
  ( well , everyone except josh homme ) . 
  or so i read in the belgian magazine humo , they better not be joking . '', 
  `` josh homme will be replaced by belgian guitarist bruno fevery , who already played with garcia on the garcia plays kyuss concerts . '', 
  any other info ? 
  read : please help me get good questions , not the stereotypical crap every interview has . 
  edit : thanks everyone , but the organizers did n't give the green light . 
  anyway , jello biafra and the guantanamo school of medicine were awesome and really kicked ass . 
  jello is still 20 years old i swear . 
  the setlist was great , with a couple of old dk songs . 
  the concert did n't really start until california uber alles . 
  i 'm coming to london tomorrow night so i 'm wondering if you folks could give me some guidance and advice . 
  i 'm short on cash and do n't have much time so bear that in mind . 
  - i really love history , politics and military stuff , so outside the imperial and british museum , is there something else to see ? 
  - i saw a walking route on google maps someone here made , it was really good so i just expanded that a bit to include the london eye , tower of london and other touristy things . 
  - i 'm a huge music buff , so outside abbey road , is there something else i should see ? 
  battersea station just for the photo ? 
  - any other pop culture place to see ? 
  stuff to do ? 
  i do n't want to miss something i really should have seen , but did n't because i forgot to ask . 
  so here , i 'm asking . 
  thanks !, 
  edit : also , how long will the tube strike last ? 
  i 'm at trafalgar square and like to walk so i wo n't be using it too much , but it 's good to know . 
  i 'm not talking about the mtv style pop crap people think is emo today , but the good old days . 
  could someone who was there give some information on the golden days , how it started and what the impact was ? 
  i found some resources , but nobody can pinpoint the moment when it turned to crap . 
  reddit will be my main source , but i was thinking the new york times and the guardian might be great for up to date stories , maps and stats . 
  what other sites will have a good and biased coverage ? 
  i remember fox news having cool maps and `` what if '' scenarios in 2008 so i 'll take even that kind of sources if they have something good to provide . 
  for example : i click a link from msn or some other application to a site that requires logging in , like facebook , or reddit , and i 'm not logged in . 
  if i copy/paste the link i 'm in normally . 
  10.61 build 3484 windows 7, 
  ( i 'm not prone to upgrades if i 'm not forced ), 
  hey r/military , i 'm not a regular , but i was wondering from where do you get military news ? 
  this subreddit is mostly filled with us centered news , a lot of it political and not much about international deals or equipment . 
  even though i wanted to read something like this for a long time ( having dreams about working in diplomacy ) in light of the recent leaks , this could be very interesting . 
  of course it would be risky , but even though i would like somebody high level and preferably from the us , i 'll take anyone who knows the ropes and tricks of the trade . 
  for example , phish sold milions of records and has massive concerts , but they are n't well know among the average music listener . 
  a lot of metal bands have fanatic fans and huge concerts but not much `` regular '' people know about them . 
  any other examples you can think of ? 
  edit : please notice i 'm not talking about quality or awesomeness , but quantity and popularity . 
  i just got a 24 mb update , something about the market . 
  downloaded it , installed , but nothing happened . 
  the market is still the old one . 
  did i miss something ? 
  htc desire . 
  being stuck home for christmas i do n't think i 'll survive without something fun to do . 
  i got black ops from a friend , used the two day card inside and got hooked on playing online . 
  the thing is it expired and i need a new one , a month or three months , but i need it soon . 
  being in a country where xbl is n't officially available , gold is very expensive in stores ( and tough to get through conventional means ) , and payment by paypal is out of my reach for similar reasons . 
  so , what service , web site or person can sell me an xbl gold serial number , let me pay by credit card and send me the number via e-mail or im right away ? 
  i 'm desperate here people . 
  edit : my account is registered in the uk , if it matters . 
  i 'm not a regular xbox live player and cod : bo is the first one i 'm actively playing . 
  i opened the ports on my router , bought gold and happily played for a couple of weeks , but now i just get nat type : strict , and i ca n't play anymore . 
  50 matches found and nothing . 
  the router is a thomson tg782 and i have no idea what to do next . 
  i 'm already sick of combat training and want to play online damnit !, 
  any ideas ? 
  if it matters , i have a 10 mbit adsl line ( upgraded from 4 mbit three days ago ) . 
  it 's always interesting to see bible discussions on reddit , even if we carry an atheist slant when it 's about religion .
