  yeah , the easiest thing is just say `` it ca n't be done , sorry for fucking you up '' and leaving ? 
  even a blind goat could see from other space that the occupation was handled extremely poor . 
  that 's the main problem . 
  are you really sure the allies ( us , but i 'm being polite ) did everything in their power to fix it ? 
  are you really convinced that it was handled well ? 
   we knew this was a war the aggressor could n't win when the soviets tried the same damn thing, 
  oh i just love the soviets argument , they could n't do it so it 's impossible . 
  the us has the most advanced military in the world and enough firepower and technology to blow the country three times over , if they wanted to . 
  the technical conditions are here , but there 's not enough will or conviction to do this . 
  * some * want the war to last forever so the forces on the ground are impotent . 
  the humanity part is only out of the good from their hearts , if they have some profit out of it . 
  i agree , it is n't a problem , but then again you have hmos that are balancing with human lives and profit , and we know where that scale tips over . 
  ok , i 'll take that back , it was a threat , but not a direct one , and as vietnam eventually * did * go communist , and the soviets * did * lose the cold war , we can see that the domino theory did n't have sense . 
  threat - yes , but not big enough to leave two and a half million dead civilians , two million dead soldiers and 60 thousand dead americans . 
  the russians were there to cover up the evidence of the help they provided to the serbs , enabling them to kill civilians . 
  i do n't agree with clark 's decision ( even though i 'm a fan of his ) , but doing nothing was n't the best course of action either . 
   move to a civilised country . 
  do n't worry about me , the last time i was in the hospital i paid about $ 50 for a ct , ekg , blood test and exam ( and that 's only because i did n't have my card with me ) . 
  i was just saying that i have a moral problem with corporations acting like that when they deal with human lives . 
  i agree with you on the rest . 
  i 'm more in favour of progress , then withdrawal when certain goals are met . 
  the sooner the better . 
  was that the time he lost his balls ? 
  to the americans reading this : boris johnson is a conservative british politician , a populist . 
   we do tip here in europe but only if the service was better than could reasonably be expected . 
  this , and if i spend a lot of money . 
  and that is the exact reason they use it . 
  nigger ( faggot and cunt ) are the most offensive things you can say to people . 
  you 're white and it even offends you and makes you feel gross . 
  that 's the reason these kids use it . 
  the proper thing to do is not take things like that to heart , especially over xbox live and consider the insult by the person telling it , not just the word . 
  i will not buy them , not one box . 
  i will not eat them with a fox . 
  not with bagels or with lots and do not tempt me with courtney cox . 
  i will not buy a peanut swirl , i will not buy it little girl . 
  i want no cookies ca n't you see ? 
  now get that stuff away from me . 
  did obama rape and kill a general in 1876 ? 
  my opera has been acting up the last couple of days , going to 70 % cpu and back in moments . 
  it 's almost unusable . 
  every other site works great except reddit . 
  not convinced . 
  the black keys are n't far . 
  oh crap , do n't say that . 
  it 's compulsary reading in high school where i live . 
  i 'd hit it . 
  both meanings of the phrase . 
  live at the bbc is great , but becomes orgasmic after is she weird . 
  pixies are my favourite band , but this song is one of their worst . 
  i do n't get how it became a hit over countless better songs . 
  just do the international iplayer that you 've been talking about . 
  pretty please ? 
   balkan-style strawberries and cream yogurt, 
  what 's that ? 
  i 'm from the balkans but have n't heard about it . 
  i respect the man and his music , it 's not that i dislike him , but find him bland and uninteresting . 
  not to diss , but just ignore . 
  but it 's good marketing . 
  bitches love smiley faces . 
  had this problems the other day , they just went away after some time . 
  interesting . 
  i 'm suspecting most of the users of my city 's public transportation are alergic to soap , too . 
  anyway , how do you handle everyday life ? 
  do you go to school , movies , whatever normally or do you have specific places or procedures ? 
  huh , when it launched i used it normally , then they blocked it out of the us , and now it works again . 
  i heard about it , but it was n't on my mind when i recommended radio moscow . 
  i love them both , but the black keys are getting weaker imo . 
  well this is a thread about bush ... 
  some us state recently had a referendum that banned considering the quran and international law in courts . 
  that 's very interesting . 
  i 'd like to hear from someone who knows if this is even possible . 
  buldozer is great . 
  saw them on their reunion tour . 
  some people really get shocked by nothing . 
  hey , at least you got a werewolf bar mitzvah link out of it . 
  [ area man constantly mentioning he does n't own a tv ] ( http://www.theonion.com/articles/area-man-constantly-mentioning-he-doesnt-own-a-tel,429/ ), 
  julian rachlin did the same thing in zagreb , croatia . 
  he got around 100 hrk ( around 20 usd ) and a couple of people recognized him and actually stopped and listened to the music . 
  one woman ( a music teacher ) even cried . 
  if the movie in question was a documentary . 
  if i know that sticking dicks into eye sockets is fake , it would n't shock me . 
  probably because of all of the gore i saw online . 
  i 'm liberal and rooted for the lib dems in the elections , but i 've got to admit that the coalition is doing a lot of things right . 
  yes i have complaints , but overall they are doing a great deal of things that should have happened earlier . 
  as stupid as those comments are , op walked right into it . 
  one thing is being fashionable , and another to be presentable . 
  i am always presentable , i dress ok , but far from fashionable . 
  one is having * some * sense of esthetics , and the other is following trends . 
  oh god , source or name please !, 
  youtube and grooveshark are great for this . 
  you can listen to a lot of songs with zero hassle , and then decide on downloading . 
  nice edit , whoever the asshole who turned `` idiomatic '' into `` idiot '' , and linked to some town is . 
  i 'd vote for maroon 5 solely on the fact that adam levine was funny on the 20 or so seconds he appeared on 30 rock on the s03 season finale . 
  wwii war logs ? 
   if you 're seeing this message , your browser is not fully supported . 
  yeah , no . 
  saw you on exit in serbia . 
  you should do an iama . 
   no-one mentioned wikileaks yet . 
  in terms of achievement which has had an effect on the real-world i think it 's pretty impressive .
