  i think they 're both amazing songwriters . '', 
  hart did better work for h\u00fcsker d\u00fc , but mould is generally a better songwriter . 
  i still prefer grant because of his soul , the beautiful and horrifying images he can paint better than the cold and logical mould who can produce a perfect pop-punk song but ca n't move me like i will never see my home can . 
  there 's a list of people who died after the armistice started . 
  i would n't be surprised . 
  russia 's economy completely depends on the sale of oil and gas and fracking would lower prices and increase availability in the long run . 
  1 ) is the money for accommodation as well ? 
  2 ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yfl6lu3xqw0, 
  3 ) not everyone will say the same but i tip 10-15 % in restaurants and round up the figure if the service was good in cafes . 
  in that case 4k will be more than enough . 
  the prices listed [ here ] ( http://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/city_result.jsp?country=croatia&amp;city=split ) are more or less correct but they depend on location and service . 
  you 'll find cheapo plastic rings in the market near the palace in case you forget the good one at home . 
  concerning my second reply , split has a reputation for being a bit conservative but you should n't have to worry about that . 
  neki su zamjenili anonymouse s piratima . 
  fake or not , the ama is boring and generic . 
  no real answers that bring any new light on practically anything he was asked . 
  some people claim that hong kong had no concept of queuing until mcdonalds opened . 
  shocked i say . 
  guildenstern i rosencrantz u maksimiru , fiddler on the roof u lekeniku , kelly 's heroes u istri ... hrpa stvari se tu snimala prije propasti jadran filma . 
  to je fora s hns-om . 
   the behind the scenes facts from that movie are all brilliant . 
  disaster from day one . 
  seems to be a theme with his movies . 
  direct democracy does n't really work . 
  it 's a romantic concept that has n't shown to be good in practice . 
  it 's not correct . 
  there are around 10 permanently stationed troops in croatia ( mostly nato liaison ) but we often host special forces so it could be a maximum of a hundred people at some point , but no concrete presence . 
  unfortunately i do n't have my books right here so i ca n't be comprehensive as i 'd like but i 'll take one or two questions . 
   was tito 's rule ever challenged ? 
  how popular was he with the people ? 
  i 've heard him referred to as one of the most ` benevolent ' dictators . 
  yugoslavia was socialist and promoted self-management but never stopped being in an internal political and economical conflict . 
  tito was very popular and only hardline nationalists questioned his rule , but a few various wings formed in yugoslav politics , most notably concerning dissent , economic questions , devolution of power to the republics , commerce and foreign policy . 
  there was a wide public compromise but the liberal option prevailed most of the time since yugoslavia reformed its economy more than once , republics got broad rights in the 1974 constitution and the country remained open to the east and west , balancing between the powers . 
   how was dissent handled ? 
  i 've heard that during the stalinist times in the soviet union that dissent was ... frowned upon rather dramatically . 
  was it the same in yugoslavia at any point ? 
  oh yes . 
  the 1948 tito-stalin split was used for internal purges and a joke or inappropriate radio station would earn you a one way ticket to an island labor prison camp . 
  later dissent was handled swiftly and calmly in case of nationalists , but liberals and artist had more freedom so pop culture flourished and things like the praxis school and magazine were unprecedented in the east at that time . 
  the 1971 student protests were suppressed by force but a lot of its ideas stayed and got recognized a few years later with the new constitution . 
  similar protests happened in kosovo , where they were connected to the bad economic situation and low autonomy . 
  source :, 
  - yugoslavia and the world 1968. , hrvoje klasnic . 
  feel free to explain yourself . 
  smells like stromfront in here . 
  not a lot of villages have 50 thousand people living in them and an international airport . 
  his coat , car , bloodied sofa and i believe the gun that was used are in vienna 's military museum at the belvedere . 
  was the plot even real ? 
  i 'm not buying it . 
  the tornado has about the same maintenance/man hour ratio as the f-15 or the f-16 , which is higher than the eurofighter and lower than the f-14 or f-117 . 
  wtf ? 
  first it was the old [ end of the world flash video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=84ud3v9npw8&amp;feature=kp ) from 2003 where the french guy is `` le tired . '', 
  it continued with hundreds of rage comics posted to reddit circa 2010 . 
  do n't know , captainmeat , but i recommend that you widely avoid strip clubs and similar establishments . 
  they 're traps for naive tourists with loads of hidden costs that 'll get charged by a large gentleman if you refuse to pay . 
  no need to get the code , you can export the . kml data from https://maps.google.co.uk/locationhistory/ and open it in google earth . 
  - header je previsok . 
  from where does israel import its oil ? 
  is any other nation so obsessed with ~ ~ pedo ~ ~ paedophilia as the uk ? 
  it 's in the papers every day . 
  they hide it , they tone it down when it 's their allies , they do n't get caught . 
  is the actual problem the fact that humor can sometimes be offensive ? 
  i ca n't bet on it but i believe israel has non-combat units for foreigners . 
  i 'll try to find a link . 
  the failure rate of their shells is n't far off . 
  wow , ne . 
  such wow , much staro\u010de\u0161ko . 
  what is keeping states that have 5.4 million people to do it by themselves ? 
  back the fuck up !, 
  zakon . 
  b-52 's will still be flying when the f-35 is being processed into tin cans . 
  you have a beer with your name on it if you pass through zagreb . 
  natura croatica indeed . 
  preradovi\u0107eva street going south from cvjetni square . 
  croatia does n't have a high per capita expenditure ratio on healthcare and we get back what we pay for . 
  it 's the best rated in central/eastern europe with the exception of slovenia , ranked one place higher than us . 
  personally , i had great experiences but that 's a combination of luck and a good hospital nearby , people in rural and poor regions surely do n't have the same treatment . 
  we want them in as soon as possible since we trade a lot with ec-yu countries . 
  the popular opinion may be against that because , ya know , the war and stuff . 
  serbia has a lose-lose situation and their government is n't up to the task . 
  [ pure fucking poljoprivreda ] ( http://www.metal-archives.com/bands/traktoroth/3540301060 ), 
  what 's the general population percentage ? 
  i was on this tour , still feeling my heart vibrate . 
  congrads op , this is the 14th request for a louis theroux ama . 
  or ivan kova\u010d . 
  since ivan is john and kova\u010d is blacksmith it 's john smith . 
  dubrovnik was part of 8 different countries in the last century . 
  got ta love the balkans . 
  hate to break it to you but yes , somalia is a shithole and the definition of a failed state . 
  telecommunication means shit when most of the country does n't have running water . 
  rai certainly made up for the legs . 
  i 'd say that there 's a northwest-south and east divide . 
  god i hate that quote and the pretentious people who use it . 
   i think it 's definitely a thing we should be proud that we have , and are actually world leaders in , rather than the normal british ` haha are n't we shit ? ', 
  attitude . 
  as a foreigner , it 's always strange to see that kind of attitude from britons . 
  it 's like you do n't know what your place in the world is . 
  i do n't live in the uk , just a fan . 
  a lot of people nitpicked so i 'll do it too .
