  i hate to break it to you , but ... they usually do n't . 
  i thought sex was when women touched guys with their breasts , like on the chest . 
  since i saw condoms before i did n't understand what the deal was ... 
  i 've got the breast thing from some movie i saw when i was 7 or 8 . 
  why does one have to be a hipster if he likes talking about music ? 
  i did n't have a problem with flash on the wind in windows . 
  now i 'm glad i 'm going to his show in a couple of days . 
  homeworks : not done yet . 
  or , you know , the os that has more than 80 % of the market ... 
   can you dev wimo apps without using windows yet ? 
  yes . 
  yes you can . 
  i do n't want to be a dick , but 3 euros a month is n't much , even more so if you like it . 
  reminded me about it too . 
  nobody is confronting the fact that there are free development tools for mac os - i think everybody here knows that , but the fact that you still need to pay 99 $ to get your app out there , something that is free for windows mobile every step of the way , unless you want ms to distribute it for you . 
  and the store is known not to be cluttered with crap , right ? 
  if i were a developer i would gladly pay apple 99 $ and 30 % of the profits for hosting and distributing my app . 
  but i just like doing stuff for my friends and random people on the net and i do n't want to pay 99 $ only for that right . 
  wow , now i * do * look like a dick . 
  i reccomend looking at shoutcast radio stations , i found great music there but the problem is most stations are made out of one or maybe two genres . 
  last year on the inmusic festival in croatia ... 
  i was going there for nick cave , but we stayed for prodigy . 
  it was raining in between and the whole atmosphere was sour and down . 
  until the start . 
  prodigy really rocked and it was fantastic . 
  the best concert of my life and i went to many of them . 
  there was this tall , bald techno guy next to me . 
  now , i 'm 190 cm tall ( 6,2 feet ) and this guy was really taller ... and he accidentally hit me in the head with his elbow . 
  i fell to the mud and blacked out for a second . 
  he helped me get up , kissed me in the head and pulled me back into the pit . 
  ( yes he looked like the [ techno viking ] ( http://www.fukhouse.ca/tflyer.jpg ) ), 
  i 've got the iron maiden episode when my friend jumped drunk from 5 meters on a spiked fence and did n't get a scratch , hitting a frontman of a very popular croatian band with a fish on a concert ( he sent me an autogram later ) , breaking a leg on iggy pop ... 
  i 've got a lot of stories . 
  a drunk guy did it in front of me on an iron maiden show , in a plastic glass . 
  we were in the pit so it was really uncomfortable . 
  i 'm seeing moby tomorrow / happy, 
  hair and jesus christ superstar . 
  ivan . 
  you smell . 
  yes . 
  i was sued for some stuff i did on the net a couple of years ago , and some people still recognize me by my ( then ) username in rl . 
  wow . 
  the * slicing eyeballs * part was fully ported , eh ? 
  wheh , jessica rabbit ... 
  if she were real ... 
  boys and girls in america from the hold steady . 
  i strongly believe this is the best album ever made . 
  meh , nobody uses the store yet . 
  you have sites like dotsis with thousands of free and `` free '' apps . 
   i know an e71 everything on it is perfect except browsing and games . 
  the browser is very good , and it uses the same engine as safari so it ca n't be worse than it . 
  the games thing stands , the e71 is a business phone and has lousy compatibility with other s60 games because of the screen and keyboard layout . 
   the screen is tiny and it is n't really a touch phone , most of everything has to be done with the stupid stylus, 
  we had touchscreens before the iphone , they mostly had styluses , and some people liked it that way . 
  some phones today are made like than on purpose y' know . 
  touch is more than rubbing your fingers on the screen . 
  i 'm sometimes shocked how some of my friends do n't know shit about current affairs , and not knowing who is the secretary of defense etc. 
  but never , ever , had i met a person who does n't know about iran , iraq , and most of the countries in the world . 
  almost all nokia e series phones have versions without cameras . 
  get rid of everything not needed or not worth anything after the collapse and exchange it for land somewhere , learn and practice skills needed to sustain myself and my family and survive . 
  it 's not such a big deal , my grandparents lived outside of town for 7 months every year and pretty much lived off the land . 
  they had electricity , water and other stuff , it 's not a savage way of life , just is n't so much dependant on services that would be hurt by the economic collapse . 
  i have n't used it for months . 
  but when i did i mostly used the button to open and push to close . 
  uhm , move to another ? 
  i live a three hour drive from four countries . 
  well , i 'd probably go to the nearest nuclear shelter , or a very deep basement . 
  i 've got one not far away . 
   stay classy , tens of thousands of people who edit wikipedia, 
  ftfy, 
  if i were n't slightly drunk i 'd ask her to hit me next . 
  i agree almost completely . 
  the thing is that in some situations you ca n't think straight and hitting back is an instinct that you ca n't deny . 
  if it were a guy in that situation and i got the hit , there is a great chance i would hit him back , but being larger than the average person i do n't think he would hit me in the first place . 
  well , adam , everyone fucking knows about roaming and surfing the web abroad , do n't worry : you 'll cry about it and at&t will cut your bill . 
   it 's still very buggy , a full on collision with someone whilst driving at full speed into them in a jeep rarely results in a kill . 
  unlike battlefield 2 ... 
  i remember being ran to death while just near the fucking jeep . 
  i agree . 
  but do we need a celebrity crying over it to get them to fix it ? 
  6 or 7 years ago i got a fucking expensive bill over gprs charges because my operator did n't include any data in my plan and i did n't know it . 
  you know what the rates were ? 
  6 kn per 100 kb , that 's 1,1 $ for 100 kb . 
  we ( y' know , the internet gang ) fought it and got data plans , cheaper mobile web and today all three national operators offer the fastest speeds for lower prices , and were among the first in the world to have them ( hsdpa in 2006 . 
  we were surrounded by around 7000 people in an indoor venue . 
  we would be dead before she hits the ground . 
  6630 was my favourite phone . 
  i had it when it was new and later got another one . 
  his * user * name is robert paulson . 
  4chan : where men are men , women are men and children are fbi agents . 
  i 'll use a loophole in your question and say snatch and trainspotting . 
  oh , i heard a nasty one ... 
  i hope your wife carries her clitoris in a bag . 
  american pie . 
  i always thought it was just the baby boomers growing up . 
  the same thing as our puberty , but there were shit loads of them , and they all came in a time when human rights started getting wider and wider . 
  combine that with new music , new drugs , new look on the world and you get the 60s and 70s . 
  he looks strange in this video , i do n't know if he 's fatter or something . 
  i think that was the point of the comic . 
  on one hand yes , but on the other ...
