  say it ai n't so !, 
   murder rates in switzerland are pretty low considering just about everyone is packing heat . 
  switzerland is one country , europe has 50 . 
  also the swiss do n't have ammo with them , except for hunting because it must be used at the range . 
  if i recall correctly , the weapons are n't permitted to be used for self defense , and weapons other than army issued are hard to get . 
  look at homicide rates , only russia and estonia have higher ones than the us . 
  the uk has 1,23 murders per 100k , the us 4,8 . 
  that 's hundreds of people . 
   i wonder if you 'd be thinking about that while some thug had you cornered with a weapon . 
  the single crime i ever experienced was a stolen bike and the only guns i see are on security guards and the police . 
  i walk the streets of my city without fear at night . 
  the whole picture is that i 'm not expecting any violence nor is there a chance i 'll experience anyting except a drunken bar brawl . 
  not the guns , but the overall absence of violence . 
  if i were living in the us i would maybe have the same stance you have , which is why i do n't advocate for us laws and i would like that americans do n't lecture us . 
   are you going to tell me you still think the state should have a monopoly on violence ? 
  monopoly on violence is a political and philosophical thought which says that the state should be the only origin of coersion or violence , and should the law permit self defense , that falls into that group . 
  to answer your question , i would defend myself , but i would n't want to have a gun because i would rather face pain than a ) kill another person and b ) carry a weapon and live in fear . 
  most people are idiots and i would n't trust them with a gun . 
  is there a single artist on / r/music that you can say is awful ? 
  if fucking limp bizkit has dozens of defenders where is the world going to ? 
  are all americans sensitive about subject x ? 
  my reasoning is that we do n't have guns , we have low crime and that 's the way we would want it to stay . 
  our continents do n't share the same culture , history and mentality and what works for one does n't have to work for the other . 
  op asked a question and i answered it . 
   why should i give a fuck that iran has nuclear weapons ? 
  because nuclear proliferation is bad and iran 's nuclear weapon would surely start an arms race in the middle east ? 
   are you telling me some countries are allowed to have these weapons and other countries are n't ? 
  that is the basis of the [ nuclear non proliferation treaty ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nuclear_non-proliferation_treaty ) , yes . 
   ban them all or shut the fuck up . 
  the world has less nuclear weapons every year , thanks to the combined efforts to eliminate stockpiles . 
  check [ this graph ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/bb/us_and_ussr_nuclear_stockpiles.svg/500px-us_and_ussr_nuclear_stockpiles.svg.png ) for evidence . 
  bombing is n't the only choice and that 's a false dilemma that has been going on from both sides these days . 
  i 'm not sure how i feel about this . 
  the same thing happened with 3g . 
  operators called edge `` almost 3g '' and 2.45 g and other crap . 
  the blue helmet is on purpose . 
  a lot of us radicals believed ( and still do ) the whole un global conspiracy idea , with sightings of un troops and tanks on us soil . 
   israel already has nuclear weapons . 
  they have already started the race . 
  iraq , syria and libya responded to that but were stopped , and israel has the bomb for 30 years now and although i do n't approve it , that may be the only thing that saved their existance . 
  really ? 
  i do n't think it would take so much time . 
  any old people here to answer this ? 
  not to defend the atf 's actions , but they were n't there for no reason . 
   the balkans in the 90 's is one example, 
  the balkans in the 90 's had too much power , not the other way around . 
  comparing cities and whole countries does n't work . 
  do they really have to be germans ? 
  how about some other country that might be a little more popular in greece right now ? 
  i think so too , but wp is far from lame . 
  argentina has most of south america on their side , not to mention that this time china would find something to say . 
  back in 1982 the americans had a tough choice to make since there were a lot of people in the reagan administration against supporting the british . 
  monroe doctrine and all that . 
  this time around there 's no guessing what would happen . 
  edit : i forgot in which subreddit i am before writing this . 
  i was n't talking about commiting troops , but diplomacy . 
  have you used it ? 
  wp is n't in the same class as android or ios , it has a different approach and a differenty philosophy . 
  many are suggesting that it is [ too good ] ( http://www.torontostandard.com/business/navneet-alang-windows-phone-is-failing-because-its-great/ ) . 
  yeah yeah yeahs were so close . 
  it is n't locked down , ms even sent devices to people working on hacking them , and the number of apps is steadily growing . 
  ms is equally inable to dictate hardware design as google is . 
  if 50 thousand apps is nothing to you then buy an iphone and be happy , which is exactly what i said to people bitching about android being without apps and late to the game etc. 
  android surpassed ios in many fields and i do n't see why it is impossible for wp7 to do the same thing . 
  unless some killer feature comes along i 'm not leaving android , but wp7 certainly has a lot of qualities . 
  a lot of us do n't have a choice . 
  i started learning english before i started school . 
  cartoon network , cnn international and bbc are equally to thank as 10 years of education . 
  damn my instinct for checking out the ending first . 
   they all hated eachother , but they hated their dictator even more, 
  very far off the mark . 
  tito was and still is loved by a lot of people . 
  his rule brought millions of people into the middle class , gave them electricity , cars , refrigerators , education and a feeling of pride . 
  under him people in yugoslavia actually lived in harmony , and only after did it explode in nationalism and violence . 
  even with post-wwii crimes , his endless playboying and purges of nationalists , stalinists and other `` enemies of the state , '' he was widely loved for the longest period of prosperity this part of the world ever had . 
  there is no single or simple explanation . 
  i lived through it and have a lot gaps in my knowledge . 
  death of yugoslavia is a solid documentary and it is on youtube , fill the misunderstandings with wikipedia . 
   how did milosevic - at the time in power in only serbia - block the election ? 
  that does n't seem possible under the yugoslav federal system . . 
  the 1974 constitution gave kosovo and vojvodina votes on the presidency . 
  with montenegro and serbia , milosevic had enough votes . 
   also , croat nationalism played a huge part ... 
  they - illegally - set up their own separate intelligence system in the late 70 's, 
  any sources on this ? 
  first time i heard . 
  the video is amazing , there are moments when i 'm not sure if it is animated or real . 
  i for one am very happy about the asian bolt-on competition that 's going on . 
  it was so exaggerated that nobody sane would think it portrays real events fairly . 
  unless you think the persians had a giant fight for them . 
  i love that movie . 
  do n't take it seriously , but enjoy it very much . 
  it feeds my inside conspiracy theorist . 
  the yugoslavia one is just sad . 
  the west wing , two cathedrals , when president bartlet curses in latin in the cathedral . 
  powerful stuff . 
  the eu commision ruled that ie ca n't come bundled with windows so when you get a fresh install you actually get [ this ] ( http://www.browserchoice.eu/ ) window to choose what browser you want to use . 
  this way you do n't have to use ie to get opera , chrome , firefox or others . 
  edit : changed link to english . 
  why does your hotel room have a bible ?
