  i 'm from croatia and i get pissed when they expect that from me . 
  do n't remember the brand , but i remember the taste . 
  like liquid gold ... 
  i was volunteering in the middle of nowhere , working from sunrise to sunset , building dry walls , cleaning trails , woodchoping in the sun . 
  the nearest store was a two hour drive away , through the meanest and most dangerous road i 've ever seen . 
  one day someone brought me a cold beer after work . 
  heaven . 
  when tito died in 1980 yugoslavia was in tears and the situation was very volatile . 
  we had a very * very * developed rock / new wave scene . 
  so a band zabranjeno pusenje ( no smoking allowed ) had a concert some time after tito died . 
  their marshall amplifier blew up on stage and the singer said something along the lines of `` the marshall died '' . 
  tito 's military rank was marshal of the army and people often called him that . 
  it was a big scandal at the time . 
  it did n't destabilize the government , but it 's a fun story . 
  yes . 
  it came t the fact that i feel bad to go to the store without getting dressed properly . 
  before i used to do it `` the dude '' style . 
  `` boys and girls in america have such a sad time together . 
  sucking off each other at the demonstrations , making sure their makeup 's straight . 
  crushing one another with colossal expectations , dependent , undisciplined , and sleeping late . '', 
  my favorite . 
  `` come in here , dear boy , have a cigar . 
  you 're gon na go far , fly high , you 're never gon na die , you 're gon na make it if you try ; they 're gon na love you . '', 
  and, 
  `` some dance to remember , some dance to forget '' the eagles - hotel california . 
  a total stereotype but a great line . 
  man . 
  this is such a great band , the only one that made me call my friends and just say : download it , buy it , loan it - just listen to them . 
  i heard them live a couple of years ago . 
  there 's an almost identical game on facebook called [ traveler iq world challenge ] ( http://apps.facebook.com/travelpod-challenge/ ) . 
  i 've got 544,408 pts , level : 12 , trav . 
  anybody wan na beat me ? 
  where 's the line between free speech and hate speech ? 
  edit : glad to see i 'm downvoted for asking a simple question . 
  i asked because a lot of countries have hate speech laws while maintaining a free speech rule , so i 'm asking where that line is . 
   several years ago he bought these huge bose outdoor speakers and proceeded to play bluegrass music constantly, 
  oh , that 's not so bad . 
   his music was so loud we could hear abba from inside our house, 
  kill him , shoot him in his fucking face !!, 
  so calling for violence and hatred is ok ? 
  i 'm for free speech , but regulated in a way that protects people from the bad aspects . 
  i 've seen it happen , and i 've seen people die and countries razed because of `` free speech '' . 
  liberty is great , but is letting nazis propagate hate worth the lives that could be lost because of it ? 
  the same way libel can hurt someones business , respect or ego , hate speech can hurt people and property . 
  the nazis in question are n't saying that you had sex with a prostitute , but that you should be killed or exiled because of your nationality , skin color or religion . 
  which is worse ? 
  no it 's not , and do n't use dumb arguments like that . 
  we all know what hate and call for violence is . 
  so , let 's discuss that i think all black people should be killed . 
  i 'll use my right to say that to some people on a city square . 
  hell , i 'll say they should bring something for self defense , and not to be afraid to use it on black people after the meeting . 
  is that free speech to you , or am i trying to censor something i do n't agree with ? 
  i review laptops for a living and used hundreds of them . 
  here 's a small summary , best ones first :, 
  - ibm/lenovo : great machines , high end ones are the best money can buy, 
  - toshiba/asus : depends on the class , but toshiba has a `` no matter what '' warranty which rules . 
  my personal laptop is a toshiba . 
  - apple : very good , but expensive . 
  - sony : very good but expensive , additional software is a pain in the ass . 
  - dell : depends on the model , but mostly good . 
  - hp : high class ones are decent , lower class laptops pretty much suck . 
  - acer : great specs and price , but the quality is awful . 
  good netbooks . 
  - msi : sucky quality . 
  not only asians , everybody does . 
  even countries like france and germany , that have a great relationship today , are deep inside still bothered by the war ( s ) . 
  some countries , like mine , were ripped apart by wwii on two parts , which is still a major topic today . 
  did a similar thing with an abortion joke the other day . 
  felt . 
  like . 
  shit . 
  oh , bloodhound gang has beautiful stuff . 
  anal cunt , too . 
  `` yes , a lap dance is so much better when the stripper is cryin ', 
  well i find it 's quite a thrill, 
  when she grinds me against her will '', 
  `` so , bambi 's goin ' on about how she can make all my fantasies come true . 
  so i says , `` even this one i have where jesus christ, 
  is jackhammering mickey mouse in the doo-doo hole, 
  with a lawn dart as garth brooks gives birth to something, 
  resembling a cheddar cheese log with almonds on santa claus 's tummy-tum ? '' '', 
  well i do n't know if i 'm the only one , but i had to read this one twice . 
  it appears that the subtitles are centered on the center of the screen . 
  the problem actually has nothing to do with it being arabic as i thought , but stricty estethic and practical . 
  i thought that arab letters had to be on the left or right side so this is n't right or something similar . 
  i 'm a long time opera fan , on more than one platform , and as long as the company stays profitable ( and it seems to be doing fine with oem licencing and google search ) i do n't care about the market share . 
  i 'd only like more web developers to notice it and start respecting standards so everything would work in all normal browsers . 
  as an owner of at least a dozen htc devices , and a former employee , i 'm happy the story is out . 
  yes , that 's right . 
  at least the way it seems . 
  i hate you michael . 
  the geography teacher on my list has only 590,471 points . 
  pussy analysts and journalist still think blackberry and iphone os are smartphone os 's , that 's the main problem here . 
  if it does n't have multitasking , native apps and advanced pim ( sync ) it 's not a smartphone . 
  this way my 5 year old phone can be a smartphone by their standards - it can play music while i 'm surfing the web on an installed app . 
  the word had a meaning before it was hijacked by apple to make their users feel smarter . 
  or she could just smile . 
  it was . 
  it was the best phone in its time and people who discarded it because of talking on the side or some other crap are dumb and shortsighted . 
  the most fun i ever had with a game was with pathway to glory in multiplayer with voice communication .
