  usually after drunken nights i regret other things , but this time ... 
  yes , i overreacted . 
  pluto nash is n't a great movie . 
  maybe even a good movie . 
  but it 's far from the list of the worst movies the last decade had to offer . 
  that 's just a simple example ... 
  try watching a show like 30 rock where you lose most of the jokes because translators did n't notice them or just did n't know how to make it happen . 
  we have solid shows ( i 'm from croatia ) , chuck , 30 rock , that 70 's show , numb3rs , malcolm in the middle , but a lot is lost . 
  most people i know have a decent knowledge of english , so ... torrents all the way . 
  i did n't think political violence would be this fun . 
  thank you very much . 
  that are clouds in the background ? 
  and , did the back side have anything ? 
  oh i watched polish tv once ... 
  i could n't stand a day listening to a guy reading the lines . 
  it 's even worse than dubbing ( german tv , i 'm looking at you ) . 
  i once saw all my usenet posts printed out when called by the police for a `` talk '' . 
  i was alarmed only when i saw all my e-mails printed out . 
  let me guess , we are sheep and we should wake up ? 
  something similar ? 
  you have 4 downvotes and 21 upvotes , 84 % positive , as it says on the side . 
  it 's not a conspiracy , everyone knows that bots downvote stuff . 
  yes , my isp hosted the e-mail . 
  coincidentally , the same isp sued me , that 's why i was there . 
  i can send you the design when i 'm done , if you want . 
  i like dags . 
  g1 and droid have keyboards , hero , galaxy , g2 do n't . 
  that 's out of the top of my head . 
  android users have a solid choice of mainstream phones to use , with the specs they want . 
  i do n't see why would anybody rationalise anything . 
  there are a couple more android phones ... 
  i 'm waiting for a non-touchcreen version , google said it is possible . 
  i had literaly hundreds of phones , and today , i do n't think i could live without a qwerty keyboard . 
  my current phone is nokia e71 ( looking into e72 ) and after using it with htc hero for a week i had a big problem using the ts keyboard to write as fast . 
  also , i 'm in the tram half of the day and have one hand to write stuff . 
  tactile feeling is important to me , although android is great . 
  we have webcams , no need for the crew . 
  and has carmen electra in it . 
  there * is * a show that 's kinda similar to your idea . 
  called direkt , airs on croatian national television and no one watches it because it 's in a dumb time , in the night . 
  it 's made to fill some time , but it is a great show . 
  the crew follows a member of a subculture or some other young person from a specific group in their daily tasks . 
  you can call it a reality show , but considerning modern reality show that 's an insult . 
  it 's real , filled with emotion , not staged and natural . 
  i remember a couple of episodes that followed some squatting punks , a refugee and some elite , rich kids . 
  unlike what most people here suggest , the show was n't hilarious or condescending . 
  people were natural and you could see all the sides of a person/group , regardless what you would normally think of him/them . 
  great show . 
  they just opened a horse burger fast food restaurant in zagreb . 
  maybe it 's the same company . 
  i could n't recognize him . 
  every generation had a cool teenage period ( ok , with the exception of wars ) , but once baby boomers said that they had the best time , and today generation x is saying the same thing . 
  i 'm pretty happy being 20 now and growing up on the turn of the century , i may have missed out on some stuff that generations before had , primarily some revolution in music , but i 'm sure 20 years from now i 'll hear the same thing from some kid . 
  i agree . 
  and also want to share my sms stats . 
  since the beginning of july , slightly over [ 9000 ] ( http://i.imgur.com/0qid7.jpg ) messages . 
  touchscreens have their good sides , but weeks with hero , iphone and omnia ii proved that ( at least to me , i 'm aware that it might be only in my case ) in a critical environment ( bus , tram , whatever ) only a good hardware qwerty keyboard can do the job top notch . 
  meaning : g1 is too wide for one handed use , nokia e71 and other e series ( except e90 ) are solid , so are most blackberrys . 
  tactile feeling goes a long way . 
  i 'm looking for the scary part here . 
  well . 
  i grew up with the simpsons , futurama is the smartes show , south park is edgy , family guy has the most jokes per minute and american dad is like fg , but with more story . 
  so i guess i like em all . 
  i always carry a two euro coin . 
  austrian i think . 
  yes , it 's a good movie , all the music references are nice and in case anyone calls you out , just say that zooey is in the movie . 
  dexter 's lab , johnny bravo and powerpuff girls . 
  the sacred trinity . 
  mother of god . 
   so , yeah , nickelback could end up in there , if they were n't douchebags, 
  this is enough for me . 
  i was getting into that . 
  the whole thing sounds like bullshit , but the price might be true , if it 's us exclusive . 
  i paid my phone a lot of money too , but it was unlocked and without any carrier crap , like they get in the us . 
  us and european markets are very different . 
   but some of my faves are `` the diamond sea '', 
  the main reason why i consider using drugs . 
  the long version is just psychodelic . 
  what does it mean ? 
  spot on . 
  when smartphones were at their peak ( before iphone came ) , palm was king with something over 30k and under 50k apps , which was a magnificent number considering s60 's 10k and wm 's 10k . 
  but palm blew it all away with substandard hardware and an old os . 
  the iphone has all that , but 100k apps ? 
  i * do not * want to sift through 50k ifart apps to get to what i like and want . 
  android getting more popular means better and more games , but also more crap . 
  looking at her mp3 player and seeing kyuss , pixies and husker du . 
  she 's smart and pretty , we love the same movies , same books , have the same political views ... 
  but the music just got me . 
  * sigh * . 
  my friends hate when we travel because i 'd rather see stuff like that than the tourist sights . 
  some kind of a. . . circlejerk ? 
  would n't notice for a week . 
  have n't really watched cn in years so i do n't know . 
  i did catch a glimps a few times and it seems ok . 
  saw them live last summer , they 're awesome . 
  the hold steady - boys and girls in america, 
  sonic youth - rather ripped, 
  most fans love daydream nation or other albums , but this is my favourite . 
  yes , a thousand times yes . 
  i read a review , downloaded it on a whim and it turned out to be the best album i ever heard .
