  not to mention comparing death camps and systematic killings to a war is n't fair . 
  hello mr. godwin , long time no see . 
   with your feet in the air and your head on the ground, 
   try this trick and spin it , yeah, 
   your head will collapse, 
   if there 's nothing in it, 
   and you 'll ask yourself, 
   where is my mind ? 
  pixies - where is my mind, 
  well , out of 17 countries that executed someone in 2009 , only four are democracies , so it 's not exactly a pleasant company to be in . 
  [ ahem ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/death_penalty#global_distribution ), 
  people 's republic of china - at least 1700 ( estimated ), 
  iran - at least 388, 
  iraq - at least 120, 
  saudi arabia - at least 69, 
  that 's without the data for north korea . 
  sooo dreamy ... 
  it 's a girly teenager movie , but well made . 
  tina fey wrote it . 
  how old is this model ? 
  declaring war is just a technicality , and most people died in that period of major fights ( in iraq at least ) , while now it 's an occupation . 
   the main points i am trying to get across is not that this is like death camps , but the fact that these deaths have occured . 
  this is why i made no mention , or comparison to , death camps . 
  but you tried to compare what hitler did and what 's happening right now in iraq and afghanistan . 
  one is a half-assed , half-justified war , and the other one is a planned extermination of several races and religions . 
  i 'm as anti war as anyone , but even with all of the civilian victims , the casualties are pretty low for a conflict this long , and even if we take the million plus victim count ( which is very controversial , to say the least ) the comparison with hitler is very , very off . 
  but i get where you 're trying to get with this , and agree . 
  the problem is that people in democratic nations of the west do n't percieve deaths happening somewhere else as special . 
  the 152 victims in pakistan today ? 
  a honorable mention in the news . 
  152 people dying in the us ? 
  breaking news . 
  us government executing people ? 
  r/music is a huge circlejerk that 's of no use to anyone who enjoys discussing music . 
  a good thread comes along two times a month . 
  i am quite possibly the laziest person on earth . 
  i bookmarked that comment and ofter read it again , counting the days until i 'll do the same thing . 
  read the fucking article again . 
  i 've witnessed first hand the lenghts european governments go to solve the roma issue , make them settle down or just get some civilized manners . 
  where i live they have free education , got free apartments and all the help they need , but nothing works . 
  americans say we 're racist , but i 'll invite anyone who thinks like that to an apartment building where the parents let their kids shit on the stairs , where they light fires in front of buildings and steal from their neighbours . 
  imagine buying an apartment next to people like that . 
   this policy is simply a continuation of the genocidal policies of national socialism, 
  what complete bullshit . 
  if it 's an illegal camp it will be shut down , it does n't matter if they are roma , french or american . 
  european governments have spent large sums of money to help them , but they simply refuse , always going back to their primitive way of living . 
  now what the hell does that have to do with national socialism ? 
  fuck you . 
  is it 1994 again and i did n't notice ? 
  [ the bambi molesters ] ( http://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=bambi+molesters&amp;search=search ) , if you 're into surf music . 
  drink, 
  after the experiences i 've had , no , i 'm not . 
  i 'm all for equal opportunities and helping people who ca n't help themselves , but i 'm wondering how to integrate someone into society when they do n't want that . 
  if it were muslims and not gypsies , reddit would be unanimous in saying `` assimilate or gtfo '' , but this strikes up as a good chance to call someone racist , without no knowledge of the subject . 
  let 's be clear here : they are oppressed . 
  the problem is that the main reason for that is behaviour from a huge majority of roma/gypsies/whatever , and after that social stigma and latent racism . 
  taxes ? 
  they do n't have any id 's and are n't in any system . 
  their main way of surviving is stealing and begging for money , often forcing their children . 
  of course i 'm talking about camps like these , not the race in general . 
  notice i said only because of my browser . 
  this does n't count the situations where my browser is technically not equiped to view a site , but when the webmaster is being an asshole and blocking his text only blog from ie6 to prove a point . 
  so you enjoy `` what 's your bestest band in the whole universe , reddit ? '', 
  every week ? 
  because they are mentioned a couple of times every week here , and i doubt anyone found this submission revolutionary . 
  just look at the replies , most people know about the band . 
  this is just a general rant against what r/music is these days ... just look at the front page of the subreddit . 
  there are no less than three submissions of incredibly popular songs just posted and directed to youtube . 
  why ? 
  what 's the point ? 
  oh look , jimi hendrix - the wind cries mary , that 's really a rare and unknown song that nobody from r/music heard , right ? 
  just cheap karma . 
  it 's fairly obvious you have no knowledge about the roma problem europe is having , so i wo n't go into details and let you be , but i assure you that i 'm not racist . 
  first , fuck you for making your mind about me before you know anything about me . 
  second , i have stated in this thread that not all roma are `` theiving subhumans '' , something you are trying to put in my mouth . 
  i did n't say that nor do i mean that . 
  i went to school with a couple of roma kids and they were normal people and i do n't care if they 're black , white or navy blue . 
  the problem is a huge portion of roma people are living in subhuman conditions , they are prone to stealing and forcing their children to beg for money , not to mention the whole roma criminal cartel in romania and the balkans . 
  this is not an isolated minority , this is a highly visible majority . 
  every year my government gets shit from the eu for not helping them enough , and i went personally to the places where they live ... 
  they are making the conditions worse for themselves and after all the help they get they just make life worse for other people around them . 
  this is not an isolated issue , this is not a one time thing , this is the behaviour of 90 % of roma in my town . 
  the other 10 % are ones like you , who have distanced themselves from this . 
   some of my immediate family are still reasonably transient/nomadic , some of us are settled down . 
  we 're individuals who chose our way of life . 
  imagine that - a whole race of people who all have their own personal identity ? 
  do n't beat around the bush , both of us know what the problem is , and it 's not identity or frequent moving . 
  look at the people in the camps and then look at yourself . 
  does the difference have anything to do with culture or the fact that you worked hard and used what possibilities you got ? 
   and `` solve the roma issue '' ? 
  seriously ? 
  like the reich tried to do with us and the jews ? 
  mr godwin says hello . 
  and again , do n't kid yourself , there is an issue , and just because i used some unfortunate wording does n't mean i 'm a fucking nazi , which i really resent . 
  i 've spent years defending romas on the internet and in real life , lost one friend over it because i did n't want to inforce stereotypes , but now i see that ignoring the problem wo n't make it go away . 
  i live in croatia , but it does n't matter . 
  i could say luxemburg , but you would pull out another stereotype , exacty the same thing you 're accusing me of . 
  where did i write that a whole race is a problem ? 
  i called the issue roma because it affects a huge amount of their populace , a big majority . 
  this is not something out of my head , this is real .
