  about those buses ... a fellow redditor said it best :, 
   number of car fatalities in israel : 1000 per year, 
   number of terror fatalities in israel : 70 per year on average , peaking at 220 . 
  do you want me to include the number of civilians killed in palestine every year ? 
  the number of people living in camps ? 
  do n't make this argument man , palestinians are on the losing side here , in any way you want to put it . 
  by the stuff i read , yes , this is considered the first hard rock/heavy metal song . 
  mccartney wanted to write a song dirtier than i can see for miles from the who . 
  also considered the first rap song is [ subterranean homesick blues ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=srgi2dkdbpu ) by bob dylan . 
  about 30 seconds of motorhead blows them all away , right ? 
  i 'm gon na be the good person here and take hbo while the series last . 
  i love band of brothers , sopranos , entourage , generation kill , oz , from the earth to the moon , and i 'm looking forward to finally watching the wire . 
  although i 'm still in gray waters here , i 'll gladly give them my money . 
  [ mister charlie brooker can help you there ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/commentisfree/2007/aug/13/fashion.comment ), 
  [ related ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hqzkw1wevlm ) . 
  in a ali g way . 
  yup . 
  i dress normal and get denied entry ? 
  fuck any place where i get rejected because the price of my shoes . 
  i used this one too , but it ended up buggy so i went with the defaults . 
  playlists on the left , a small cover and the music on the right . 
  find the youtube user `` xthemusic '' and watch brookers screenwipe and newswipe . 
  then read the mans columns in guardian . 
  then become an addict like me . 
  do you have the same respect for people who literally defend their home and yard in a war ? 
  because the us soldier you are talking about walked in a recruting office and signed a dotted line , while i know people who took up hunting rifles , homemade pistols and anything they can get their hands on to defend their family , home and country . 
   soldiers have always been romanticized in any country , culture , region etc. 
  not really . 
  look at germany or japan now . 
  or any other country with a past of war crimes . 
  natal is a rip off ? 
  it 's two steps in front of both sony and nintendo . 
  it 's still a gimmick , but when i have friends over it might be fun for some games . 
  fuck you troll . 
  oh i wish i could find the direct bin laden quote ... 
  he says that they just wave the al qaida flag in some country and the us breaks its back to invade , almost goes bankrupt and loses the moral high ground . 
  so who accomplished his mission here ? 
  i would walk on the beach and cuddle with all three of them . 
  seeing them fucking some other guy would probably kill me . 
  if it 's anything like [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kt2wyo2imac ) it might be funny . 
  i was always somewhere near liberalism , socialism ( social democracy mostly ) , even libertarianism . 
  except for a two month nationalism phase in elementary . 
  many countries have direct contracts with the vatican about the managment of churches . 
  croatia , for example , pays two monthy wages per parish to the catholic church . 
  and that 's just a drop in the sea of money taken from my pocket and given to an institution should fund itself . 
  kyuss , black sabbath , witchcraft , boris . 
  as someone already said , last.fm is a great tool to find new music . 
  i 'm not irish or catholic , but i reserve my sacred right to get wasted in honour of the irish . 
  or guinness . 
  whatever comes first . 
  what 's that huge thing in the middle of it ? 
  80 's alternative music , pixies , husker du and others . 
  interesting . 
   our alliance is another outdated legacy of the cold war . 
  do n't agree here . 
  israel is more a pain in the ass than a benefit to the us , sometimes i 'm not sure who the superpower here is , with a big amount of declines going towards the us . 
  except the mythical middle east presence , i do n't see how israel has strategical importance to the us , it 's just a hole sucking money , arms and credibility coming from washington . 
  i guess this is where the famous israeli lobby comes in ? 
  ok america , the rest of the world wants to know . 
  what is the deal with the red cups ? 
  every movie , every tv show , the plastic cups are always the same red model ? 
  what gives ? 
  scooby ? 
  i 've been using wm since the ce days . 
  i even got the very first wm smartphone somewhere in my desk . 
  i used every windows mobile/pocket pc/whatever device sold in this part of europe . 
  but everything has a limit , and with no multitasking , no copy and paste , my wm adventure ends here . 
  it 's android for me . 
  i like him , although he sometimes tries too much . 
  high fidelity , tenacious d , be kind rewind and tropic thunder were great . 
  oh , and school of rock . 
  to people who do n't dress according to the music they 're listening ? 
  really , fuck this picture , i 'm not a walking advertisement of my music tastes . 
  district 9 got fucked . 
  reminds me of an interesting talk i had in tunisia ... 
  a salesman in a store asked me where i 'm from . 
  i used to come to that store every day and left a solid tip most of the time to get some behind the counter stuff . 
  `` croatia '' i said . 
  he replied : `` ah , [ ceausescu ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nicolae_ceau%c5%9fescu ) , good man , great leader '' . 
  the offspring were in town so i went to check that out for nostalgia , before that the thermals ( did n't find anybody to go to mudhoney with me ) . 
  upcoming concerts are stiff little fingers , brant bjork , john garcia, 
  clothing stores ? 
  i do n't know . 
  i buy clothes three times a year , always normal jeans and simple shirts . 
  the only clothing brand that i care about is timberland , i 've got a shitload of their shirts and shoes . 
  also , i 've got one band shirt , from a local band that i wanted to support . 
  i sleep in it . 
  my ex loves them , we have almost identical music tastes , but she was sick or something so i could n't find anyone to see them at the last minute . 
  that did n't stop me to see the thermals alone , since nobody heard about them and she was a couple of hundred kilometers away . 
  she texted me the whole time during the concert , when i realized that she probably likes me . 
  / unrelated, 
  `` creative without strategy is called ` art . ', 
  creative with strategy is called ` advertising . 
  ' '' jef i. richards, 
  i spent a week volunteering in the middle of nowhere in the height of my geekhood . 
  it was n't as bad as i thought it would be . 
  i mostly missed e-mail and interacting with people far away , and of course checking wikipedia for every single thing . 
  outside of that , no internet is n't really a problem , just an inconvenience . 
  social interaction on the other hand ... 
  i 'm 20 with 5 years experience ( two leading mobile technology magazines , a smartphone company and a leading it magazine where i 'm working now ) if i do n't count the two websites i edited and had an internship at a large software company .
