  what kind of sick weirdo are you !, 
  i 'm sure you watched a lot of musicals so you can give a fair score , right ? 
  it 's a great animated movie , funny as hell , with great songs . 
  but the greatest musical ? 
  not by a long shot . 
  1 - some editors encourage it , but all prefer it . 
  every publication does the little things that put `` key partners '' on more pages in the magazine ( or site ) . 
  i 've had the luck of having editors that could balance the journalist and profit parts so advertisers were mentioned mostly in roles where it does n't hurt our story but gives them publicity they 're happy with . 
  i got a few bad looks from my editors for writing very harsh reviews about well known products , but i never had a review axed or rewritten , although i deserved it . 
  but the thing you are asking is did i get paid to write good reviews . 
  the answer is no . 
  i ca n't say that i did n't do it because i 'm on a moral high ground , but the offers were n't good enough to lose my job or ( worse ) my reputation among colleagues . 
  but then again , some were quite good ... 
  the usual practice is pr people being good to you , sending free swag and getting sent to conferences . 
  being pretty critical and having every pr person in town hating me , i did n't get much of those . 
  there are some journalists who use sensationalist headlines and produce false hype over something , and most of them , when confronted , just say it 's their style or try to find another way to justify it . 
  the sad thing is that most of the time they do it for their egos , not for the money . 
  also , flash does suck . 
  2 - i did before i started writing , today it just irritates me . 
  i got used to the fact that there is not a single magazine/site that is perfect , and that there are dumb people reading it news , who bite for sensationalism . 
  the only solution for the reader is choosing a couple of sources and getting to know the authors . 
  a big plus is having some reading experience , because the stories , myths and wrong facts stay for years . 
  well i have around fifty usb memory sticks and ten laptop bags , if you would call that cool . 
  the coolest thing is playing with new hardware . 
  from time to time i get some prototypes and talk to people who work on stuff that will be huge in the future , people who are not in it for the money , and have knowledge and ideas that could change the world . 
  edit : format, 
  here 's the price of some xbox 360 games in a country where the 360 is not even supported by ms and us few owners constantly fear getting banned from live just because we connect to it from an unsupported territory :, 
  - 2009 fifa world cup - $ 98, 
  - 50 cent : blood on the sand - $ 97, 
  - alone in the dark - $ 97, 
  - army of two - $ 108, 
  battlefield : bad company , battlestation midway , burnout paradise , call of duty 5 ... not a single on under $ 90 . 
  oh , c&c kane 's wrath is $ 58 . 
  i could actually buy that one . 
  god , their site is as terrible as process [ prodigy ] ( http://www.processprodigy.com/ ) 's . 
  you want misanthropy ? 
  you ca n't handle the misanthropy !, 
  while you find another video , because this one is not available in my country due to copyright restrictions , i think i 'll order myself some lunch at [ lunch ] ( http://www.lunchprodigy.com/ ) prodigy . 
  i listened to the whole song , just for you . 
  now let 's get best of 'd and reap karma . 
  he 's right ... 
  into the `` it 's freedom of speach , even dumbasses have rights '' level . 
  [ o rly ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/wikipedia/comments/9b7oz/anyone_tried_the_wikipedia_beta/ ), 
  that 's why we have computer magazines and websites so we can find out . 
  i remember a situation when a representative replied to a kotaku article in the comments section , something about wow and his character . 
  he seemed like a gamer type . 
  if kotaku , which is less popular than reddit , and concentrated only on games , has at least a single representative reading it , i guess it 's not out of the question we have one lurking here . 
  or or or ... 
  you have a beautiful woman , smart , funny and nice . 
  and you marry her , and be happy with her . 
  not everything has to be about compromise . 
  they removed boxxy and moot therefore asking for a shitstorm . 
   and i was aghast . 
  i sometimes get aghast when i eat a lot of grapes . 
  i 'm still waiting for the basterds to come to my town , but i ca n't hel but notice that this is a blog of the screenwriter of [ expelled : no intelligence allowed ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/index.html?curid=13470131 ) . 
  if somebody does n't get it , the url is n't the standard wiki/blabla one , but some kind of id . 
  also , short review of the movie : it sucks . 
  i do n't get why it ended up among the [ top ] ( http://imgur.com/putjq.jpg ) results . 
  wikipedia links usually have the normal formatting . 
  who said that there 's no wmd 's in iraq ? 
  what would 4chan look like without mods ? 
  i always looked at it like a stream of shit ( more / b / than others ) and just removing something out of it is not worth it since it will go away fast and is drowned in a pile of other crap . 
  oh and music !, 
  post some music . 
  no , it 's not . 
   i could n't disagree more on this point . 
  i would n't go so far as to call the president a figurehead , but i think he 's closer to a figurehead than the all-important leader . 
  the us president is more powerful than any leader in europe , with the exception of sarkozy ( because of the semi presidential system ) and berlusconi ( because of corruption ) . 
  most european governments heavily depend on the parliament ( as does the us ) , but also on compromise made in the government , because a lot of them are coalitions . 
  when a law passes everything and gets to the vote , there are quite a few more than two parties and two interests ... for example , parliament of croatia , out of 158 representatives :, 
  - hdz ( christian conservative ) 66, 
  - sdp ( social democratic ) 56, 
  - hsp 1, 
  - minorities 8 ( something the us does n't have ), 
  us senate :, 
  - democrats 58, 
  - republicans 40, 
  - independent 2, 
  us house of representatives :, 
  - democrats 255, 
  - republicans 178, 
  - independent 2, 
  for mother russia !, 
  well , the presidential system , one that the us uses , puts the president in a central position and makes him ... ok , i 'm slim with time so i 'll just link to two wikipedia articles that summon some of this things : [ imperial presidency ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/imperial_presidency ) and [ presidential system ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/presidential_system ) . 
  sorry i 'm just throwing links at you . 
  ever read kishon ? 
  does that apply if i draw dicks all day ? 
  just because i did n't mention it does n't mean i do n't know . 
  i 'm aware of it , but you 're forgetting the fact that they are , in the end , still a single entity and the democratic party has kucinch and lieberman seat to seat , forcing the voter to back them both . 
  ok , forget them two , there are dozens of examples . 
  in a multi party environment the voter has a window of opportunity to vote for a party that is full behind some principles . 
  i wanted to vote for a big social democratic party , but decided not to because they were n't against ... something . 
  it does n't matter . 
  so i voted for another one that was almost 100 % aligned with my views , meaning i have a customised representative in the benches . 
  you have two gigantic blobs , each one made out of a big spectre of opinions , and when all of them meet up at the middle , you get the todays republican and democratic parties . 
  i just copied this from wikipedia , and thought that non-voting members were n't in this numbers . 
  thanks . 
  i thought every zoo has one of those ? 
  we even have a cage for humans . 
  oh go fuck yourself .
