  oh i know about electric wizard and i 've heard about orange goblin , but did n't know how they look . 
  btw , you could be interested in http://reddit.com/r/stonerrock . 
  oh god how i hope the end just cuts in the middle of the explanation and all the fans rage tomorrow ... 
  that 's why i only watch shows like 30 rock where you ca n't spoil crap because it 's here just to be funny , or band of brothers which is made to last x episodes and that 's it . 
  looks a little like daria . 
  the thing is you would be mocked for any of those ( except maybe ireland ) . 
  israel has a long history of such behaviour and certainly has the upper hand in the conflict , in almost every way except the moral high ground which neither side has . 
  but !, 
  the israeli army is just that , something representative of a government and its people , while palestinian territories are populated with third generation refugees , poor people with little hope for a future . 
  not only their families , but their homeland too , which is mostly ruled by local militias and strongmen , none of which represent the people . 
  that 's why i 'm not running to call them nazis , but in the same time try not to do the same with israel , although i think the comparison is valid . 
  also , reddit is n't a single entity and feel free to voice your opinion . 
  if you feel we 're all douchbags then go away or ignore , why the hell do you even read reddit when it 's well known we have a bias for underdogs and the weak , however unreal it may be sometimes . 
  tl ; dr : one side fucks up every day , the other once a month . 
  that 's the difference i see . 
  ( disclamer : i do n't support violence or extremism , not by israel , not by hamas ), 
  `` oh well , it was only a matter of time . 
  hide , hide friend for a couple of days , problem solved '', 
  i read that as r/farts and laughed . 
  saw it was r/forts , laughed all the same . 
  just in spirit guys , do n't have any booze at home . 
  but tomorrow ... oh , tomorrow . 
  i would too , if it were sold in my country . 
  the magazine i work for , nothing else . 
  all of the local newspapers are n't worth reading , but if i would have the extra money to get an expensive subscription , i 'd get the guardian , nyt , the economist , maybe wired , rolling stone , time and newsweek . 
  my birthday is on monday , too ( i 'll be 21 ) . 
  the problem is n't really being alone , it 's the opposite . 
  facebook posts , messages and phone calls from people who i hear twice a year from who suddenly fucking care that i 'm a year closer to death . 
  happy birthday man . 
  gilmore girls . 
  god damnit ... my ex was named tea :(, 
  someone correct me if i 'm wrong , but is is kinda old news . 
  it 's a wide known fact that israel and sar had good relations in the weapons business , and one of them were weapons of mass destruction . 
  south africa is the only country to voluntarilly give up their nuclear deterrent ( read : artificial military dick ) when apartheid was falling apart , but before that they were having a program with israel . 
  also , i recommend this fine graphic about nuclear proliferation : http://www.nytimes.com/imagepages/2008/12/09/science/20081209_bomb_graphic.html, 
  first , a pop up window appears :, 
   window videoadplayer is already registered in the dom !, 
  make sure you use setdestroyonclose ( ) or destroyonclose : true in the constructor, 
  then , a huge auto play flash video from hbo ( audio on ) . 
  then , a huge economist ( which i read ) ad . 
  then it gets stuck looking like [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/kahlr ) . 
  thank you salon.com , but even though i 'm a patient man and do n't usually block ads unless they are intrusive , i will not be reading anything you produce from now on . 
  thanks , happy birthday to you too . 
  the thing is ... 
  i 'll be alone , but swarmed with people who do n't care about that the other 364 days of the year . 
  i know i sound bitter but i 'm not , sorry if i look like that ... 
  considering the * location * of your sunburn , you were living the free life ? 
  i 'm not implying that it 's taught in elementary schools , but with dozens of wikipedia articles and countless mentions on the web , it 's not exactly a secret now is it . 
  and yes , i realise that it 's an important document and mention . 
  `` you ca n't climb that ! '', 
  gets me every time . 
  i could n't finish bioshock , did n't even get far , but the atmosphere and story was superb for a game . 
  iama astronaut mike dexter, 
  edit : crap , [ someone ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/c7czv/iama_request_an_astronaut/c0qm6dw ) beat me to it . 
  if you 're making a comparison to the us , punishment in the states is more severe than in most western countries . 
  anyway , i 'm happy to report i 'm home from work , drinking a beer and feeling fine . 
  hope you 're having a good day . 
  it was on the xbox , but what stopped me was that behind the great music , atmosphere and story it was a regular old fps . 
  the feeling for me was as if it was a piece of art put into the wrong medium . 
  it should have been a movie instead . 
  ( yes , i 'm aware ... ), 
  then again , i 'm not a regular gamer , i play 5 games a year and finish maybe one , which does n't stop me from knowing all of the latest news and features from the gaming world . 
  i have n't seen that many fucks since grade school . 
  i hope it died a painful death . 
  yes , but you could neutralize them just by opening the window . 
  globalization happened in the last 80 years . 
  the us should get china on this . 
  kim jong-il chokes on his dinner and china installs a puppet regime that would soften nk in a five or ten year period and in return the us withdraws from the peninsula . 
  not nearly like today . 
  which is kinda understandable . 
  their partnership is mostly historical and china really does n't have much ( or any ) benefit from it . 
  also , china 's government is n't really held accountable by not condemning stuff actions like that so i did n't expect that , even if it were south korea that were the guilty side here . 
  they could help him with that . 
   and never , ever , do a movie on the first date !, 
  got ta disagree with this one . 
  it 's a great step if you/she picks a good movie you 'll both enjoy . 
  yes , but that has something more to do with more people , more countries and better technology that made things like world wars or mass destruction possible . 
  i 'd like to see a percentage for every century for a better representation . 
  also , after wwii war has mostly moved to places people do n't care about so it 's easy to call this period peaceful . 
  oooh i see what you did there . 
  the last time we had this thread there was a guy who actually knows where the store is so if you 're really interested find when the pic was posted last time . 
  i listen to punk , metal , blues , rock and plenty of other music , but i dislike people who think they have to dress to the music they listen to . 
  the guy in the ( very adorable and nice i 'll admit ) picture is the same as any woman from sex and the city , a blind fashion sheep that follows a certain trend . 
  that said , i like my clothes functional and then pretty . 
   and you might argue that the only way for any performer to protest israeli policies is to avoid the country completely . 
  but a boycott is a sledgehammer , not a scalpel , and it does not divide people neatly into right and wrong . 
  there will be casualties . 
  great quote . 
  no , i 'm saying that people always shit about fashion , the industry and models , but do n't see that this is the same thing but on a lower level . 
  everyone fits some description and mold , but people who dress like punks , hipsters or whatever eccentric way think that they are special for that reason . 
  they are special , so is everyone else . 
  also interesting is that i 'm on -4 for voicing my opinion . 
  i do n't have the cash right now and do n't really have the time to wait . 
  i used it for a week when it was released and it was pretty sweet . 
  i 'm not in the us , wimax is n't interesting for me and i do n't have the money . 
  your wording is interesting ( not counting that fact that opinions can be retarded ) . 
   emulate our heroes, 
   imitate our peers, 
  what 's the difference ? 
  in any way you are following some arbitrary style just to be different from others .
