  where i live you have to :, 
  - have a valid reason to own a weapon, 
  - be 21 or older, 
  - be clear of any felony charges or convictions, 
  - have a proper and safe place to keep the weapon, 
  - finish a medical examination that certifies that you do n't have mental or medical issues , do n't have bad family relations or social deviations , also finish a drug test, 
  - finish an exam that you are able to safely use the weapon, 
  to own and drive a car you have to :, 
  - pass a medical examination, 
  - pass a written test, 
  - drive with an instructor for 35 hours, 
  - pass a driving test, 
  - pass a first aid test, 
  - pay about one monthly salary for the privilege, 
  do you see my point here ? 
  you can never ban stupid people from legally using guns , but you can make a filter and weed out as much as you can . 
   stupid people can vote and have kids, 
  birth rights . 
   and drive cars and speak freely and practice religion and all sorts of things . 
  driving a car is a privilege , not a right . 
  free speech is n't absolute , like freedom of religion . 
  bunca\u0161 frende . 
  i accidentally found out that it can be useful when i miss typed and googled arsenal . 
  it started showing me results and warning me about their matches . 
  super \u017eivot , zato to sad radim za zabavu , a za lovu ne\u0161to drugo . 
  are you a doctor ? 
  when you go to one , do you say that you do n't believe him about a tumor , that you 'll look at the evidence yourself ? 
  do us all a favor and give the same benefit to historians . 
  they know this shit and do it for a living and they almost universally believe that jesus the person existed . 
  we need more rakes up in this hoe . 
  needs more fema . 
  or is it an organized effort to fund winning a lot of medals ? 
  and the jenny mccarthy feud . 
  kako to ? 
  except , you know , russia is n't populated with russians . 
  it is populated with hundreds of other nationalities which are n't being exactly pampered , but being beaten on the streets . 
  putin is also referring to other minorities such as gays which he regards as pedophiles . 
  when you know the context of a statement like that made in russia , it makes your post look like something straight out of stormfront . 
  ok , youtube je stvar ukusa , ali ovo ostalo si samo wrong wrong wrong . 
  edit :, 
  simple . 
  steam , netflix , itunes i amazon su pokazali da bi ljudi platili za uslugu ako je dobro napravljena , a steam je to pokazao i u na\u0161oj zemlji . 
  spot ? 
  pr za to , odlazak na turneje , probe , instrumenti i sve drugo ? 
  carry on , ignoriraj me . 
  edit : evo muzike . 
  - she loves pablo ( eng ), 
  - killed a fox ( eng ), 
  - muscle tribe of danger and excellence ( eng ), 
  rocky, 
  - my buddy moose ( eng ), 
  - the marshmallow notebooks ( eng ), 
  - pips , chips & videoclips ( walt je predivan album ), 
  - general woo ( verbalni delikt ubija ), 
  - lovely quinces ( eng ), 
  - mika male, 
  edit 52 : kompilacija bistro na rubu \u0161ume , elektronika hemendex . 
  nay . 
  u istom intervjuu pjeva\u010d je bio \u017ealostan \u0161to ljudi ne kupuju njihove albuma i rekao : `` a fucking appetizer , a large popcorn at the movie theater , and you 'll have it forever , and they took two years to make it . '', 
  right . 
  slippery slope much ? 
  ( http://www.deathmetal.org/news/heavy-metal-shows-piracy-is-not-killing-music-offers-new-business-model/ ), 
  do you have any specific questions ? 
  do n't worry to much , you 'll have a few culture shocks but croats are a friendly bunch although not as outgoing outside of our comfort zone . 
  both sites are n't good for me and blue collar distro would more than double the price . 
  thanks for the help though . 
  during the bush years it was a bit different , people were hostile because of iraq and the antagonist stance towards europe . 
  xbox has a bigger market share than both bing and surface and is the only real competitor to sony . 
  not to mention that it 's massively used and a well known brand name . 
  you could dump surface overnight and nobody would blink . 
  do n't mention the war . 
  read up on history a bit and do n't mention the war or any wedge issue in front of people you do n't know well . 
  that would be politics , history , religion , gay rights , serbs . 
  people in zagreb see themselves as part of central europe ( as does everyone east of switzerland ) so do n't tell people you love eastern europe or the balkans . 
  to a lot of people that 's somewhere else . 
  tipping is n't mandatory but it 's expected . 
  under 50 kn you can just round up a bit if you feel like it and in restaurants 10 % is considered polite above 150 kn . 
  while at the subject , cafes are a universal meeting spot , a place where you can take out a date , friend or business partner . 
  you do n't have to drink coffee but it 's customary to just sit down for an hour with whoever you 're with , people mostly do n't do the whole `` oh i 'm busy so i 'll take two gallons of starbucks on the go '' thing . 
  you 'll want to get a [ tram card ] ( http://www.zet.hr/english.aspx ) from zet . 
  that 's the infamous company that runs the city 's trams and buses . 
  everybody hates them but unless you have a car there 's not a lot of alternatives . 
  i recommend that you do it asap because the zet controllers * love * fining clueless foreigners . 
  there are lots of clubs and cafes in the center . 
  i see that you like jazz so [ try this link ] ( http://www.timeout.com/zagreb/features/617/jazz-in-zagreb ) . 
  i ca n't think of anything else right now . 
  blogovi su to objavili ( `` omfg flappy bird for $ 10k ! '' ), 
  an elaborate game of dumb and fucking dumber . 
  relevant username . 
  and screw the half of reddit that does n't care/doesn ' t live in the us . 
  yeah , fuck foreigners . 
  voting for a politician because of his personality is a recipe for disaster ( as 2000 proved ) but from an outsider point of view , romney and his family looked like a stepford prototype , so fake and wasp-y that i thought they had a waving us flag behind them all of the time . 
  almost a caricature of the rich white american cliche . 
  i do n't know if it 's the us political system or the elections , but even the things that made him different ( mormonism ) were drowned in a sea of lameness . 
  what happened in hungary ? 
  korea has a history of totalitarianism . 
   and studies show that you can predict the popular reaction to most presidential debates by watching them on mute, 
  wow , this is amazing if true . 
  do you have a source maybe ? 
  i 'm not surprised about either .
