  - split 137 %, 
  bilo je hrpa finesa . 
  source : radio u 5 takvih \u010dasopisa . 
  yes . 
  exactly . 
  james murphy ? 
  can confirm . 
  mostly young people to mask the taste of cheap wine . 
  preplavila me nostalgija . 
  interesting . 
  is that the only place ? 
  there 's something about that photo that makes me sure it 's from the balkans . 
  what ? 
  people built their own houses and made normal windows , this is just a bad perspective , communism has nothing to do with it . 
  bunca\u0161 . 
  for me a gadget is something electronic that fits in a pocket , but people have been calling laptops , pc 's , and even stuff like guitars gadgets . 
  what do you think a gadget is ? 
  what is your favourite gadget ? 
  [ this thread ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/8vx7u/when_you_look_at_the_photo_its_a_smiling_couple/ ) made me remember an experience i had a couple of months ago . 
  i was at a rather big concert , indoors , listening to a band that mostly plays some cross between rock and hip hop , and some songs are fast and energetic , and other slow . 
  my friend and i were normally moshing during the fast songs , as did other people , but there are always people that have a problem with that or it 's their first concert or something else ... 
  this girl have n't notices that 50 + people were jumping and moshing ( less violent than usually , there was a big crowd ) and she did n't want to move anywhere . 
  my friend god pushed onto her in the outlines of the pit and she got really pissed and hit him in the face , really hard . 
  i got ta confess , my first instinct was to hit her back - he really did n't push her that hard and he deserved at most a push back , but she was extremly oversensitive and ... a bitch . 
  we did n't do anything and just got away from her , but thinking about it today i get angry about the whole thing . 
  many people would 've kicked back , if it were a guy , but we would 've get lynched there for hitting a girl , even if she were the same strenght . 
  i do n't have much an opinion about her , but she appears to be very controversial and it 's hard to avoid her exposure to the media . 
  what do you think reddit ? 
  does she represent everything that 's wrong with modern music or is she different from the rest ? 
  hi proggit , i 've got the next 2-3 weeks mostly free , without many things to do . 
  i know html , css and some c++ , but i 'm interested to learn something new like php or asp , some python maybe . 
  i 've got a long wish to make a simple cms , so i 'm wondering what path to go , what language to choose ? 
  a simple learning curve and good tutorials are important to me , so please keep that in mind . 
  i 'm using windows and linux and have some server space on both platforms so it 's not a concern . 
  anyway , downvoting has reached a really critical level . 
  almost every post , no matter how good or bad is instantly downvoted , and it 's only the good will of people who will upvote it that reddit depends on . 
  what will happen when downvoting becomes so severe that you will depend on 5 or more people to upvote you so you could have a neutral position of 0 or 1 ? 
  i guess there could be interesting answers considering redditors wide knowledge and interests . 
  i speak , write and read croatian ( my native language ) and english ( years of cartoon network ) . 
  also , i can communicate on a basic level in italian and german and less so in spanish and french ... 
  probably enough to ask for directions or order dinner . 
  also , some latin . 
  german is next on the `` to learn '' list . 
  edit : i forgot to mention some sign language and cyrillic , as well as serbian . 
  hey / r/music , where do you get your daily music news , reviews and other stuff ? 
  unfortuneatly everything i get is from here or some other aggregator site . 
  i 've heard popmatters is good , what do you think ? 
  i have a bloat problem that 's kinda my fault ... 
  i have about 3 mb of bookmarks ( probably thousands of them ) and the size is a problem with searching and using them . 
  is there a way to rationalize this , probably split or categorize them differently ? 
  this is becoming a huge problem for me . 
  i tried to find out on wikipedia , but some language seem too tough for a non-native speaker like me . 
  what are the essential differences ? 
  which system is considered better or more efficient ? 
  which one is better for the defendant or the state ? 
  can somebody explain this to me in terms simple enough for anyone to understand ? 
  i 'm interested in systems other countries use , is it universal or private , or maybe mixed ? 
  let 's hear your experiences . 
  how to get in ? 
  go on any wikipedia page , look at the top right part and click enter beta . 
  you have to be a registered user . 
  i noticed only slight design changes , the most significant one being the relocation of the search box . 
  is there anything else ? 
  any upcoming changes ? 
  for the lazy , here 's a [ screenshot ] ( http://imgur.com/jykev.jpg ), 
  what little things remind you of events , people or places ? 
  maybe some scent ? 
  for example : my friend has a small trauma from red led 's , because they remind him of a painful night at a hospital when he stared at a led on a tv . 
  for me , it 's the smell of matchsticks . 
  reminds me of the shelter during the war . 
  what 's your reminder ? 
  also , there is a [ reddit ] ( http://www.last.fm/group/reddit ) group but there 's not much traffic and it 's missing a leader . 
  my username is [ rospaya2 ] ( http://www.last.fm/user/rospaya2 ) . 
  feel free to rate my taste . 
  unfortuneatly , the only stoner rock band i listen to is kyuss , but i really like the music . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.last.fm/user/rospaya2 ) is my last.fm profile so i hope someone can recommend me some fresh music , not only stoner rock , but anything . 
  i work for a big regional european magazine you 've not heard of , but we are on the cutting edge . 
  i 've written for tens of online publications you have probably heard of . 
  ask me anything . 
  hello , / r/guitar ... 
  i need some help . 
  i bought an acoustic guitar about a year ago , but no matter how much i practiced ( got ta admit it was n't enough ) i ended up hating the guitar . 
  my hand hurts and everything i manage to play sounded bad . 
  so a friend recommended i try the elecric guitar . 
  after a couple of minutes it felt better , easier and more ergonomic . 
  is the electric better for learning ? 
  acoustic was my first choice because it was cheaper and i prefer the sound , but now i 'm having a big dilemma . 
  anybody have a good advice ? 
  i use msn , icq , google talk and skype , so i use only one client . 
  trillian astra is in beta right now , but works great , and i 'm very happy with it . 
  if it could only use skype better ... 
  hello , i 'm looking for a way to connect my [ zune ] ( http://social.zune.net/member/rospaya2 ) and [ last.fm ] ( http://www.last.fm/user/rospaya2 ) accounts so that the songs played on my zune are visible on my last.fm profile ? 
  thanks, 
  i 've had tons of arguments with my friends about stuff like this . 
  i 'm tall and on the big side so the argument about getting drunk is that it takes more booze for me . 
  is that right ? 
  how important is tolerance ( experience , some would say ) ? 
  eating before drinking ? 
  let 's hear some wisdom . 
  edit : i 'm not necessarily talking about my specific case , i 'm just interested .
