  in it , us soldiers put breathing holes in a truck full of pows or civilians . 
  what 's the deal with the green thingie ? 
  it 's not really a question , more of a suggestion to dumping it . 
  the quote in the headline is just wrong ... 
  most of the media today does a bad job of reporting the facts and being fair ( do n't write balanced ) , honest and professional . 
  but you ca n't say the media does n't contradict government claims , or criticize it ... 
  the iraq war is a great example , with a very small number of networks , magazines , newspapers saying it was ok and the situation is great . 
  they all have their faults , but non of them will ignore the opportunity to loudly scream `` we are right , the government is wrong !, 
  the moderator m green thingie . 
  the suicide bombing scene was really great , but it 's obvious half of the film 's budget went on that . 
  i enjoyed the movie itself , but only when you ignore the propaganda segments and look at it strictly like an action movie . 
  a local rock star was named adolf ( he does n't use it really ) because that was the name of a doctor who saved his dad in wwii . 
  i even heard he was a jew but i doubt it . 
  joe lieberman selling someone out ? 
  you have got to be kidding with me . 
   flash, 
  a aaaaa !, 
  savior of the universe !, 
  i do n't know about us usenet , but the croatian newsgroups were well populated , popular and just fucking great ... sorta like reddit , only less known and with more inside jokes . 
  the binary groups were n't that important , discussions were . 
  it was one of my first contact with the net , and i 've made over 10k posts on it . 
  glory days . 
  i thought it was the font arial . 
  i wrote a constitution for my fake country when i was a kid , and a faux geography encyclopedia before that . 
  also , i used to write short essays about historic battles ( first one when i was 10 / proud ) . 
  also , a couple of pages of notes in onenote for a future book . 
  i 'm sorry but i 'm not from the us . 
  one of the rare things i know about lieberman is that he is a backstabber who has failed the people who voted for him , his party and , by op 's example , the american people . 
  i 've got free healthcare from where i come from and am happy with it ... that 's the reason i do n't meddle into subjects like this . 
  you did n't write pulse . 
  looking as an outsider to the racial issue , and generally to every type of racial/gender/sexual preference insult , the rule you are suggesting is dumb . 
  maybe it 's not appropriate to say it in public since somebody can cleary get offended , but when surrounded by friends i do n't constrain myself by such artificial limits . 
  using a word like `` fag '' that has no other meaning than `` homosexual '' is insulting to my gay friends because that 's what they are , but political correctness forces people to act nice and call them gays , or homosexuals , or whatever . 
  the same with `` nigger '' . 
  the only meaning it has is defining ones race , all of the other uses came with people 's perception of it . 
  and if it comes from a friend - i would n't be insulted . 
  you are oversimplifying things . 
  i have tried about 5-6 linux distributions in the last couple of years and every single `` idiot proof '' one of them required me to install some library or some other shit to do something that is normally done on windows ( or mac os ) . 
  a normal windows user can run for years without even knowing about the command line . 
  on linux that is a necessity . 
   why do i have 10 's of gigs of os and program files ? 
  did you buy a personalised os or a off the shelf os like everyone else ? 
  [ o rly ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/palestine ), 
  no no no !, 
  where 's hearts of iron i ? 
  i still prefer it over the second part , since it 's one of the first games i played that have such an epic magnitude . 
  conquering half of the world took me weeks to do and looking at the map after that was one of the most satisfying things i 've done ... 
  in a game of course . 
  i 've only bought one game from steam , so i 'm interested can i buy this game now and download it later ? 
  i 'll be on vacation , far from broadband for a week . 
  could you tell me the difference between a `` certification of live birth '' and a birth certificate ? 
  i get you , man . 
  here 's an upvote . 
  mostly bulit by emigrants at slave wages while risking their lives to construct buildings to house rich businessmen who live out of juicing money from others . 
  a monument of the worst capitalism has brought us . 
  modern day pyramids , in the sense that they are awe-inspiring and build on other peoples blood . 
  please , do an iama . 
  in that context of course . 
  i 'm not calling somebody a cigarette , am i ? 
  i 'm sorry , but the forms i mentioned are both the same . 
  there are long ones and short ones , and both of them are equally accepted . 
  yes , it seems excessive , and it probably is . 
  because so much hardware resources are accessible to programmers they worry less about bloating and more about keeping things working . 
  some parts of windows ( and other os 's , i 'm sure ) are over 15 years old and are there for some legacy support or something . 
  as the nt kernel moves closer to its end , microsoft will surely come to year zero soon and provide a new platform with less bloatware . 
  but i was trying to say ... 
  if you only need the apps you listed above , than windows is clearly not for you . 
  i 'm sure you could find a linux distro ( dsl maybe ? ), 
  that 's small enough for you . 
  hardware is growing at an exponential speed ( as you can see [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:hard_drive_capacity_over_time.svg ) so such growth is normal . 
  the thing is everything around you is growing and your modest needs are staying the same . 
  i agree with you : it 's an insult if you see it that way . 
  i completely understand someone getting mad over some of that words , but i 'm commenting on the `` it 's never appropriate '' idea of patswhomeis . 
  i 'll use it as a joke with friends , but only if they see it that way . 
  a word or phrase is insulting the moment the recieving persons sees it that way . 
   i just think the world would be better if we stopped using words that are slanderous towards someones nature . 
  it 's an utopist idea , but noble anyway . 
  when insulting , i do n't use any kind of forms that attack something a person could not control like race , gender etc. 
  maybe that 's why i do n't see it as an insult , but merely a joke . 
  if someone called me white boy , gringo and other slanderous words for white people i 'd say : yes , i am white and do n't see it as a problem or a basis for an insult ... 
  i could be wrong because i was n't a visible minority , if you do n't count atheism in a 85 % roman catholic country . 
  i 'm not saying it 's better the windows way , my point is that this is the reason linux is still not user friendly . 
  i do n't have a problem with it , but most average consumers do and that is the problem . 
  the whole iama ? 
  i started `` acquiring '' it a couple of hours ago , when i saw your post , at night . 
  it was planned that we leave for the family vacation at 9 ' o clock . 
  they all waited for me until 10 just for the movie to download . 
  my mom was incredibly pissed for waiting , and somehow the explanation that `` a guy on the web thinks it kicks ass '' was n't enough . 
  i will seriously be pissed if it 's not as good as you wrote . 
  is your dad the tourettes guy ? 
  that 's everything a lumberjack cares . 
  the statistics are wrong . 
  there is a discussion lower in this thread that proves my point ... opera does n't force updates the way firefox does so many users are left on older versions which still have the ie user agent by default . 
  one of the reasons for that was faulty pages not following standards , as well as pages intentionally made wrong if visited with opera ( i 'm thinking about msn here ) . 
  it does n't rhyme then . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/92tdm/when_operas_sysadmin_booted_up_the_server_to_test/c0b9pty ), 
  well , that 's what i 'm trying to ask you , since i prefer easier learning , what do i choose ? 
  enter patty valentine from the upper hall ... 
  great song . 
  oh fuck you people .
