  and the thing is they 'll be right in the same way i am . 
  your condescending and superficial attitude squeezed any incentive i had to reply and have a meaningful conversation . 
  sorry i voiced my opinion . 
  crap ... 
  ... and not true . 
  this is a croatian driving licence for a woman born in iraq , obviously a muslim , but while the law does n't prevent wearing burqas , guidelines for passports , id 's and driving licences say that you have to have your whole face visible . 
  read the fucking article , then comment on it . 
  that 's a thin plastic film that prevents tampering with the information . 
  the only thing on that side that 's not under it is the drivers signature . 
  it 's a love/hate kind of a movie , i liked it but i can understand why some people would hate it . 
  i can understand someone not liking that movie , but the worst ? 
  did n't you see shitty b-movies and other crap that could be qualified as worst , not just bad ? 
  very iritanting to watch . 
  google has a game advocate ? 
  also , ask them what plans do they have for cross platform gaming from a single source , playing the same game on my phone , pc and console . 
  mass murders were n't a big problem when genghis khan was ruling the world , and ethics in warfare were reserved for the rare noble warriors . 
  in the 20th century we thought we were more civilized than exterminating a couple of nations and civilians for no good reason . 
  look better at the picture , it looks like a plastic film with the wrinkles and everything . 
  also , it 's from 1995 so it 's a possiblity that things changed . 
  i asked my dad right now , turns out he does n't even remember what the current one looks . 
  do you have your own show on the history channel ? 
  if not , you 're probably the only one . 
  i am a postpubescent male with a functioning penis , ama . 
  well at least it was n't [ 37 ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tpqqh4h_suq ) . 
  i guess you 're not what you own . 
  just a little something i noticed . 
  when reddit asked for donations there was an interesting thread on hacker news about it , where the general concensus was that the donations system did n't make any sense at a rational level , because it does n't bring stable funds into the site . 
  the thing many people agreed was that a subscription model is the way to go . 
  i understand this may hurt some feelings out there , but from a financial view , a subscription model is the most rational one out there . 
  fuck it , at least you showed him . 
  whoa . 
  the artist really captured the spirit of the show , i could really see this being real . 
  i 've been hearing that viruses for mobile phones are just around the corner for years now . 
  a smartphone i had in 2003-4 even came with an antivirus app , but i have never heard or saw anyone have a virus on their phone , except for people trying them out . 
  i do n't remember ... nokia 6630 or 6680 maybe ? 
  it was f-secure 's antivirus . 
  i found this , too :, 
   in nokia n71 and n80 , f-secure mobile anti-virus v3 .0 will be distributed as default antivirus application . 
  croatia had an s-300 but after we thought of selling it to anyone who had the money ( iran included ) , after some diplomatic hussle , it dissapeared and is now probably somewhere in the us . 
  he is , but just mentioning it would destroy his presidency and any chance of reelection . 
  i do n't believe in an individual 's right to own firearms . 
  i do n't believe in full free speech . 
  i believe that exchanging some liberties for safety and prosperity can lead to better living . 
  that 's politics for ya . 
  he needs to fight the battles he can win and live to fight another day . 
  most of those are actually very funny . 
  naturally , people complained about the lack of freedom when such a technology was announced some time ago . 
  do n't downvote this guy , the joke may be tastless , but it is an interesting hypothetical situation . 
  even without moderation , most of the content gets deleted within minuts , unless very popular . 
  on / b / at least . 
  people forget that 4chan is more than that board . 
  here 's a comparison between reddit and the new yorker, 
  and everyone knows that the average new yorker reader has the same profile as the average redditor . 
  i was thinking more about the will to click on an ad , and not to block it , currently the main method of making money off of web sites like reddit . 
  i remember a post from karmanaut some time ago ... 
  he said that the whole nation was too shocked from 9/11 to do anything but support bush , like a massive brainwashing . 
  in retrospective , what were you all thinking ? 
  he did have 90 % [ approval rating ] ( http://www.hist.umn.edu/~ruggles/approval.htm ) . 
   is a musical riff or phrase that has often been used as a ** trope **, 
  i almost got a heart attack , the combination of tv tropes and wikipedia could keep me from working ... forever !, 
  i remember a great story about canada 's plan to invade the us , the guy who made it personally travelled to scout the bridges , small towns and highways needed for the attack . 
  the us had ( and still has ) plans for invading almost every country in the world , some time ago they were called by colours , `` war plan red '' and similar . 
  i 'd link to it , but i 'm on my phone . 
  used this phone for 15 minutes , the one from the first leak . 
  it 's kinda big , but really snappy and fast . 
  the keyboard is a little too wide to be comfortable enough , unlike the older htc phones . 
  i have no idea , but i 'm guessing votes on every comment help with that . 
  in practice , upvotes and downvotes mostly act as a sorting function , without both of them , the system would n't make sense . 
  the best comments would get upvoted but the bad ones would still stay . 
  the idea your thinking of makes sense only in theory . 
  for a first timer ? 
  definitely beer , it 's cheap , most people like the taste , it does n't have much alcohol so you can control yourself and you need a shitload of it to get really hammered or puke . 
  after that experiment with wine and go on to tougher stuff . 
  americans killed more british troops in the first gulf war than the iraqis . 
  by your definition , half of reddit are hipsters , myself included ( without the mustache , court ordered ... ) . 
  why do you consider yourself a hipster ? 
  do you dress like one ? 
  hell , i listen to indie music and enjoy obscure bands , and still have the whole `` rock star '' dream that 'll never happen , but i fail to see where is the hipster part in that . 
  - stay up all night looking at the stars and talking about the pixies with zooey, 
  - fuck katy until she could n't walk, 
  - die happy, 
  notice the capitalization on both words . 
  in my post :, 
   the pixies, 
  if i wrote `` the pixies '' i would be wrong , but this way it 's obvious that `` the '' is not part of the band name . 
  the the the the . 
  a bad pun ?!, 
  she must be a redditor . 
  i spent the last 4 hours thinking whether i 'd dump her if she found it any worse than the other albums . 
  i did in on purpose , to make some drama . 
   it has emerged that `` friendly fire '' killed more british troops than the iraqis did - of 16 british soldiers who died , nine were killed by americans . 
  as a non native speaker of english , `` the '' seemed like a normal thing to put there . 
  the sentence did n't sound right without it , especially because there are pixies and pixies . 
  shut your whore mouth !, 
  i gladly boycott any website that does n't serve me the content i requested just because of my browser . 
  the author 's main argument is that when compared to film or digital ( still ) photography , blu-ray is low resolution , in the same time forgetting that they ca n't be compared . 
  also , hd upscaled the old sd standard more than 4 times : today we have more than 2 megapixels , then we had less than a quarter of one . 
  enough evolution in one generation for me . 
  i wish i can be half the man he is . 
  a million dead , not a million killed by allied forces , there 's a huge difference .
