  this is beautiful . 
  goes up there on my list with the tenacious d fuuuuuu . 
  ireland is in such a position that do n't really need israel , or are ready to ignore it at that costs . 
  the historic argument this article puts on the table is just the background of it , plenty of nations and people side with the palestinians , but there are a lot of daily political issues that prevent that from happening in the flesh . 
  these comments frighten me . 
  yes , punish the guy , but corporal punishment is n't right and i do n't care if it works or not . 
  if the guy had drugs found on him , i 'm sure plenty of comments would be different . 
  if we shot every person that does a crime ( or in this case a minor offense ) of course the rates would be lower , but that does n't make it right or justifiable . 
  real harmony ? 
  singapore ? 
  far from the truth . 
  you 're implying a ** lot ** more that i wrote , since i never even mentioned the us , clearly the only country in the world to compare singapore to . 
  let 's not discuss what are the punishments for offenses like that in other countries , let 's not hear if anyone has experience with it , let 's not bring data about recidivism into the discussion ... 
  let 's just jump to stupid conclusions like you did and call it a day . 
  i agree with that statement . 
  not knowing what the law is does n't exempt you from it . 
  but i still think it 's draconic , unusual and archaic for the government to physically hurt anyone for any crime , even more so when it 's petty like this . 
  they do n't call it disneyland with the death penalty for nothing . 
  i 'd link you william gibson 's great piece on singaport he did for wired , but i 'm on my phone . 
  prison is n't the only alternative to caning . 
  yes , my comparison is exaggerated because i want to point out that even if some measures work , we do n't use them because they are morally wrong . 
  caning is the definition of crude and unusual punishemnt . 
  as one of the top 100 karmawhores on reddit , i hearby give iceland the official redditors `` best country '' award , given for being so fucking cool ( and cold ) . 
  iceland can pick it up at my place , from 10 to 11 on workdays . 
  it looks like we 're at least some 4 to 5 thousand miles apart . 
  but if you ever come to croatia , i 'll be more than happy to let you steal something from my home . 
  i present to you a [ map of countries ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:map_of_judicial_corporal_punishment.svg ) that use corporal punishment . 
  we can both agree that they are not exactly leading human rights advocates in the world . 
  took some time and found out that among the countries that use corporal punishment in judicial cases on adults are :, 
  11 - not free, 
  7 - partly free, 
  6 - free, 
  by the freedom in the world report . 
  good enough argument for me , if you do n't count the un convention on torture which prohibits it . 
  exactly . 
  clean it up in front of the press , pay for damages , apologise , community service . 
  i remember a kid from my country doing it in germany about 10 years ago , and when he got a huge fine , service and had to clean it up plenty of people were feeling it 's too much . 
   i doubt this is true . 
  how many kids would grow up in foster homes and without loving parents because their parents did something stupid ? 
  surely , those kids would have a higher chance of becoming a criminal than kids from a well adjusted , living family . 
  okay , cut off arms then . 
  how would that be ? 
  drastic measures frighten people into not doing crime , but caning is n't the right alternative to prison , fines or community service . 
   is this any different from a parent spanking a child ? 
  very different . 
  not only in principle because the state is doing that to a convict , but there is a big and thick stick involved . 
  also , it is prohibited by the un convention against torture . 
  edit : look at this and then compare it to spanking http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=5ab_1172940415, 
   the dude acted way out of line based on the easy to follow rules of his host, 
  yes , but hell man , there are dozens of better ways to punish him than caning , that 's used mostly in countries with very shady human rights track records . 
  i agree , but it does n't make caning right . 
  what does that have to do with anything ? 
  why do you want to compare with the worst , why not the best ? 
  or then again , why would we compare anything , and just see that there is a better way to punish people than caning ? 
  aw man , with my slavic accent i could score only hardcore niko belic fans . 
  it 's a good thing i can easily fake a us accent . 
  sooo dreamy ... 
  like the us did after slovenia ? 
  if you saw reddit 's front page you would n't know that . 
  i really hate fifa , they 're a bunch of corrupt asses ... 
  but i agree with this one . 
  video replay could n't be properly implemented in all of the levels and would destroy the game that is mostly unchanged and low tech for the last 100 years . 
  you * do * realize you sound too cool to be true ? 
  that 's why people are having their doubts . 
  pics or gtfo is n't a bad idea ... provide some evidence to a moderator or someone you trust not to pass it on . 
  i trust you but i 'm usually naive as hell . 
  itt : americans who watched 5 games in their life complain about an issue that has been settled for years and is n't important to them anyway because they wo n't watch another game until the us qualifies again . 
  newsflash : americans wo n't watch the world cup now that their team is out !, 
  story at 11 . 
  * official `` opera is better '' post . 
  in the eu windows do n't come with a browser , you have to choose one when installing . 
  * official `` opera is better '' post *, 
  just when you thought muse could n't get any worse . 
  [ ween - you fucked up ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rxmaff6mj1e ), 
  the ones laibach made . 
  so i guess people are free to own a rocket launcher or a tank ? 
  that 's strange , i thought that 's a weapon too . 
  - armed population is only a guarantee for an ugly civil war and crime , not overthrowing the government . 
  someone cite me an example where in the 20th century the right to bear arms was instrumental in overthrowing a tyrannical government in a western industrialized country ? 
  never ? 
  how strange . 
  - handguns and rifles would n't change anything against helicopters , tanks and airplanes . 
  the second amendment is a relict of the past . 
  - a tyrannical government is impossible to define . 
  if teabaggers think that obama is the evil one , would you support them to overthrow the government ? 
  do you think the nation would always be a single entity thinking the same ? 
  i 've seen situations where gun ownership only fueled bloody civil wars . 
  - watch tv , walk around town and tell me you would trust every idiot with a gun . 
  there are a shitload of dumb people around and i 'd be more than happy if nobody had a gun than everybody having one . 
  an asshole in a drunken fight will pull out the toughest weapon he has , but what if it 's not fists but rather guns ? 
  `` but rospaya if guns are outlawed , only outlaws will have guns ! '' . 
  if the law is enforced properly , nobody will have guns . 
  these are my essencial arguments against, 
  - you ca n't overthrow a government with guns . 
  you need airplanes , helicopters , communication , logistics . 
  the second amendment is a relict of the past . 
  - watch the tv and walk around town . 
  do you really think everybody is sane enough to own a deadly weapon ? 
  in a drunken brawl an asshole will draw the toughest weapon he has , an what happens when it 's not fists but guns ? 
  - an armed population never helped overthrow a western industrialized nation , and even if it did , that 's not possible in the modern ages and especially not in the us .
