  whenever i see his face i remember his 90s roles and that 's it . 
  it 's a shame because he really knows how to pick a movie these days . 
  please specify where morsi said that ? 
  i do n't leave services over such minor crap . 
  jump ship and go where exactly ? 
  facebook is still a lot more useful to me than the other way around , even if they sell every bit of my info a hundred times . 
  which does n't change his argument even the slightest . 
  read up on clark , a single ( overhyped ) incident does n't mean much in such a rich career . 
  this is the funniest thing i saw all week , and i 'm not the kind of person who makes these kinds of comments , so feel proud my friend , because you have made me happy . 
  shit . 
  i did n't notice the pics are photoshopped . 
  nice work . 
  12 - huh ? 
  in a lot of countries , you are legally obliged to carry id on you at all times , and have to show it to the police . 
  getting yourself dragged to a police station is a massive waste of time and energy . 
  know your rights . 
  i do n't know . 
  but during the summer the news is full of tourists falling into pits and caves . 
  so be careful . 
  watch cnn international . 
  only two countries missing on the map . 
  saw them three days ago . 
  of course . 
  but i 'm just mentioning that cnn international is a different beast from cnn us . 
  hell i first saw the daily show with jon stewart on cnn . 
  as a croat , this is a good explanation , with a few minor things i would n't agree on , and a few omissions . 
   croat forces , likely supplied and trained by the cia , launched an offenisve in early 1993 and drove back the croatian serbs , and destroying the shortlived rsk . 
  that was in 1995 , and we got some strategic help from the americans ( satellite maps , intel , some officer training ) but the rsk army was demoralized and weak , so much help from outside was n't needed . 
  i do n't get it . 
  canada lost over 50 % of these babies . 
  i like the us and agree with everything you said , but i would never , ever write anything similar about my country . 
  that 's why people dislike you , your last sentence . 
   n. korea is n't aggressive . 
  ( yeah , hate me all you want for saying this . ), 
  they are rather passive in my mind . 
  i can understand your point , but this claim discredits everything you said . 
  north korea used not only military force after the armistice , but state sponosred terrorism to kill south korean officials and civilians . 
  that includes killing 21 people in burma in an attempt to kill sk 's president ( but killing the foreign minister in the way ) and shooting down a civilian airliner ( 112 dead ) to frighten countries from attending the seoul olympics . 
  [ the quote is fake . 
  ] ( http://www.911myths.com/index.php/al_qaeda_does_not_exist#robin_cook ), 
  leave politics out of this . 
  ringo starr , of thomas the tank engine fame . 
  the town used to be full of people from yugoslavia who went there shopping . 
  palmanova and trieste are still in a lot of people 's memories over here . 
  check with your bank about using it internationally , but most places accept popular cards . 
  that percentage is smaller as you leave civilization . 
  i was in stockholm a year ago and cards are almost universal there , so do n't be surprised when you ca n't buy stuff in kiosks and smaller stores with a card . 
   so the fact that key hns people insist that the controversial song is played before every croatia match is a sad indictment in itself . 
  but there is more . 
  much more . 
  a good summary . 
  it is a good summary of a greater problem in our society , it is that fascism that creeps in people , the fact that ndh and paveli\u0107 are n't considered negative figures by a significant part of the population , the ongoing tolerance of fascist graffitti on our buildings , the silent xeno/homophobia propagated by the church and right wing politicians . 
  because of their diamond industry , gdp per capita is n't a good indicator of overall wealth . 
  ... and downvote for spss . 
  the legend looks screwed up . 
  also , in croatia the law says minimum four weeks paid vacation . 
  the rest is up to the employer . 
  what made you come to zagreb ? 
  it 's full of tourists these days , but as a local i do n't really see the point . 
  sure it 's nice and cute , but except the upper town and the cathedral , we have zero tourist attractions . 
  de gaulle made a miracle with overstating french power . 
  restaurants yes , bars ... 
  i would n't count on it . 
  first time i saw somaliland as a country . 
  interesting . 
  i read somewhere that most of the victims in jonestown were black women . 
   i 'd like to live off the band , but if not , i 'll just retire to mexico or yugoslavia with a few hundred dollars , grow potatoes , and learn the history of rock through back issues of creem magazine . 
  so , did you help her get unstuck ? 
  i saw frank turner about a year ago , and became a fan . 
  he has a show about three-four hours drive from me in a few days and i ca n't make it , but this made me think about fucking off from work and going there to give my support to an artist who deserves it . 
  dude . 
  dude . 
  this is great , and i am in awe and jealous because i would love to have all of those shirts ( except phil collins ) . 
  post it to a bigger subreddit , you deserve the attention . 
  we need to form a full assault . 
  what happened with o2 today ? 
  oh it should n't . 
  but that 's just because i do n't login into every device i use . 
  edit : it was a joke guys . 
  journalist , so none of those are actually mine . 
  oh , the old desire is . 
  as i said my phone is an old desire and now i 'm planning on buying a new one , but i 'm not too fond of devices bigger than 4 '' and i would love to have a full keyboard . 
  so i have no idea what to buy . 
  i 'm not sold on tablets yet , although microsoft might change my mind soon . 
  if i had to buy one tomorrow ( and i 'm currently in the middle of writing such a piece ) it would probably be an asus transformer or a newer samsung . 
  a bit too big for me . 
  motorola motoluxe ( not a great device ) has a 4 '' screen , but a body not much bigger than my 3,7 '' desire so that looks to me like the sweet spot . 
  i have a test for usability : if i can use the phone normally while holding myself with one hand in the tram , then it 's fine for me . 
  cooold bloooded !, 
  the reason this wo n't work is because there 's is n't a consensus about the use of this subreddit . 
  some people see it as a music dump , as music discovery , as music discussion ... etc. 
  before you get a general vote on what the majority wants , there will be a lot of unhappy people . 
  / r/music is too general for me and i prefer to spend time in a place like / r/letstalkmusic where you know what the subreddit is for and the people are there by choice because they want to discuss music . 
  over here it 's a jungle , a mish-mash of everything , without focus or general idea what to do . 
  how about a scientific approach ? 
  find the bands/songs most submitted and just ban them . 
  the current thread looks like a disaster . 
   the occupation of afghanistan is now the same length as u.s. involvement in wwi , wwii , and the `` civil '' war combined . 
  although i agree , all of those wars were whole leagues more lethal for us troops than afghanistan is . 
  it 's unfair to compare them the same way , more than one million dead in less than 10 years and 1500 dead now .
