  of course they should , but that 's not the issue . 
  the issue is that you ca n't just send them to jail or to another country . 
  it is a problem that will persist until a serious effort is made to fix it . 
  that 's the thing ... 
  i have no ide how . 
  education would be my first try but most of them are very hostile to formal education , even when it 's free . 
   if that is the case , maybe one should discuss if that culture is worth holding on to . 
  it 's sad that we 've made it so far as to consider that a part of their culture . 
  it is just a sign of how spread the issue is . 
  seriously ? 
  not even slightly hyperbolic ? 
  a lot of scholars have a problem with defining the borders of `` genocide '' , but you just took it in . 
  100 : because nice numbers get more clicks . 
  of course estonia was in comecon . 
  the soviet union was so estonia was too . 
  china , saudi arabia and syria are opressive regimes with little to no support for their political systems from the west . 
  in the same time israel is not only supported , but made by the west and considers itself a democratic country , a member of our club . 
  this quote got snucked in the second page :, 
   mr. schilling whipped out a little chart that showed a reduction in bombers and other weapons programs over recent years . 
  he said the proposed cuts to the military if a new congressional committee should fail to come up with a deficit reduction plan that passes muster with congress `` really scares me , '' he said . 
  `` we 're on the fringe right now . 
  we can barely defend ourselves . '', 
  ** we can barely defend ourselves . 
  as slurpee_e said : rubicon . 
  it got cancelled and the story was slow as hell . 
  the speech was cool . 
  but the animation , the style , the fact that there are two kids in the show for some reason ... 
  i can guess what show this is , but i would n't want to watch it . 
  that 's not the preferred nomenclature . 
  central europe here . 
  there 's rarely a band that does n't tour within three hours drive from my city . 
  loveless . 
  there 's a name for that ? 
  goddamnit , that hair . 
   thompson has said that he acquired his vocal style as a teenager , when a thai neighbor asked him to sing `` oh !, 
  darling '' by the beatles ( from their album abbey road ) and to `` scream it like you hate that bitch ! '', 
  not really . 
  i 've gotten plenty of downvotes for saying it 's shit . 
  i cherish every one of them . 
  any discussion about punk being dead is just parody . 
  the saying is as old as the music is . 
  i seperate christian music from music with christian influences or references . 
  nick cave , bob dylan , the hold steady , mewithoutyou , 16 horsepower ... 
  this is n't music that 's trying to indoctrinate me , but uses powerful imagery and symbolics that the bible is full of . 
  seeing them on [ terraneo festival ] ( http://www.last.fm/festival/1859530+terraneo+festival ) in a week . 
  yes !, 
  we should just kill al the politicians !, 
  that 's the obvious solution !, 
  well ... 
  this is around 50 % sensationalist bullshit . 
  the up/down count is n't correct . 
  as a huge fan of conspiracy thrillers , i 'm used to a slow paced story , but rubicon was too much even for me . 
  black francis ( born charles michael kittridge thompson iv on april 6 , 1965 ), 
  would you be more jealous if i would say that this is their third time here ? 
  reddit making money ? 
  that would be a first . 
  germany is a bigger exporter . 
  only recently surpassed by china . 
  sorry to heard that , i 'm about the opposite . 
  oh and my count was off , this is their fourth time here . 
  just a joke . 
  people like jkerman seem pissed that reddit is trying to make money . 
   your musical compatibility with mt33 is super, 
   music you have in common includes bad religion , the presidents of the united states of america , arcade fire , weezer and the offspring . 
  [ the greatest trick the devil ever pulled on op . 
  i 'd also like to remind that the catholic church embraced science and does n't disqualify evolution . 
  my pixies comment !, 
  no but seriously , that was a very interesting fact that is completely logical when you think about it . 
   we 're all of those and then some . 
  hey jaroo , when you drive 5 hours in any direction , do people still speak the same language ? 
  do you still see the same tv shows ? 
  are people still the same nationality ? 
  do you have the same stores , the same federal laws , the same president , parliament and flag ? 
  do you maybe see my point ? 
  see him on the interstate . 
  i hate u2 , but they are as professional as they go . 
  ** world ** politics . 
  just because it 's from the guardian does n't mean it 's not r/politics material . 
   so every country in europe can be driven across in less than five hours ? 
  a lot of them can . 
   so he has a somewhat valid point as do you . 
  it has some sense , but please do n't confuse different countries with different states within a country . 
  i share almost nothing with most of europe : not a language , not a currency , not movies , not music , not religion , a lot of things . 
  not to mention that we have a history of more than a thousand years of wars and clashes dividing us . 
  you are one country . 
  [ from another thread ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/music/comments/j7pqv/pixies_playing_tame_live_in_london_one_of_the/c29u9o3 ) . 
  you have a couple of enclaves of immigrants and you are comparing that to millions of people in dozens of different countries ? 
  i think you are the ignorant one here . 
   no , not exactly . 
  which part of my statement was wrong ? 
   have you ever been to the states ? 
  i do n't have to visit the states to know that the most differences among you are superficial , and differences in europe are basic . 
  * we do not even speak the same language * yet you say that the us is more diverse . 
  yes , i 'm a little pissed , but willing to discuss it , unlike others . 
  hello hello hello * how low * . 
  except that , i have to admit being horny now . 
  crosspost it to [ r/coversongs ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/coversongs ), 
  not very related , but the khmer rouge in cambodia used to kill people with glasses because they though intellectuals would undermind the new state . 
  from wikipedia :, 
   during their four years in power , the khmer rouge overworked and starved the population , at the same time executing selected groups who had the potential to undermine the new state ( including intellectuals or even those that had stereotypical signs of learning , such as glasses ) and killing many others for breaching even minor rules .
