   mehriban aliyeva , azerbaijani president ilham aliyev 's wife , according to us embassy dispatches , was said to have `` so much plastic surgery that it is possible to confuse her for one of her daughters from a distance , but that she can barely still move her face '', 
   president of turkmenistan , was described as `` vain , fastidious , vindictive , a micro-manager , and a bit of an ahal teke ` nationalist . ' '', 
  the american diplomat also commented that berdymukhammedov has a russian mistress . 
  is the above so important to leak ? 
  it 's just noise and gossip , the same thing as writing about kim kardashian and paris hilton , mindless crap that does n't serve any purpouse except gossip . 
  not a lot of people who lived being impaled throught the head . 
  it broke my heart to downvote four pixies threads in r/music recently . 
  or a link to nothing . 
  i mean everyone has heard of life aquatic , but op of that thread just posted it for karmawhoring and the thread did n't have any discussions or smart thoughts , just an endless circlejerk about how `` i love that movie !, 
  less badass now . 
  got any more info on that , i ca n't seem to google anything interesting . 
  root it . 
  who thinks that ? 
  op 's picture is funny in the same way we would laugh about * any * terrible thing that 's funny . 
  that 's what i like about reddit , we do n't care about political corectness getting in the way of our laughter . 
  well , except maybe cats . 
  the thing is that chris brown is a piece of shit and rihanna 's comments after the beating teleported womens right back 50 years . 
  instead of being a beacon for victim everywhere , she practically said that it was her fault anyway . 
  and somehow chris brown used this to become a bigger celebrity and rihanna kept being a crummy pop star . 
  nothing changed . 
  yes , i should have presumed that because of your post . 
  operaters put a lot of shit on phones that are generally not bad , slowing it down , using memory and just killing the experience . 
  i 'm in europe where the droid eris is called htc hero and when i used it ( clean slate , direct from the manufacturer ) , the phone was great , even back then when it had an older version of android , with the 2.1 upgrade ( is there a 2.2 out ? 
  i guess not ) it should even be better . 
  look at the rooting faq on the right side of this subreddit , which has details over what it does and why you should do it . 
  tl ; dr : verizon fucked your phone up . 
  free it from them . 
  this is about the average yearly salary where i live in europe . 
  yes , but i did n't know it was banned . 
  thank for the reply . 
  to be fair , cnn is reporting on information that you and me can read on the web , and wikileaks is publishing those information from the source . 
  get a kindle . 
  i had one for a review while travelling and it was great , if buying books is a hassle to you , this will serve you well . 
  hero was as high end as the iphone was when it got out . 
  it 's a software problem . 
  the whole facebook cartoon pic thing is interesting . 
  it started in the balkans , in serbia i think , with a call for nostalgia where everyone had their favourite childhood cartoons for a week or two . 
  now , two weeks later , it comes back , but with a cause . 
  slacktivism at its worse . 
  living on the other end of the planet makes me a bad irl victim , but i have a ton of web profiles and a lot of info about myself online so i would probably lock my facebook , last.fm and linkedin as much as i could and just wait until the shitstorm is over . 
  in the end , i 'm one of them and chances are i 'll sooner be on the giving end , not the receiving . 
  he 's back !, 
  actually more than i thought i did , new zealand is specific enough to be famous for a lot of things . 
  kinect is great for casual gamers , i 'm a big strategy fan ( from rise of nations and aoe to hearts of iron ... not a fan of starcraft though ) and using kinect for a week made me decide to buy it after i repair my xbox . 
  i 'm writing this here because i 'd be downvoted into oblivion in r/gaming and people deserve to know that kinect is fun . 
   via their msm . 
  blame your media and hollywood , they are the ones making the stereotypes . 
  edit : butthurt detected . 
   how about ` no ' , scott . 
  for all of us that could n't remember the [ reference ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=litbgjnep08 ), 
  being the average neckbeard , jumping in my room in front of the tv is n't normally my way of having fun , but i 'll take my chances . 
  how did i prove his point ? 
  media in europe is fairly better than the us media , why i 'm sure i get better information about the us than the us does about europe . 
  most of the `` relatively simplistic and superficial images of the u.s. '' we get are not from our media , but from the culture us produces - mostly music and movies . 
  so blame yourself first , then our media . 
  alternative link since this one is down : http://www.ebaumsworld.com/video/watch/81215914/, 
   also explains very well why the soviets have all the right to claim they were the ones who defeated the nazis . 
  this saying is pretty popular these days , but wwii was won by a coalition of nations , not one or two . 
  i like this quote : `` this war is being fought with british brains , american brawn , and russian blood '' , but that does n't attribute all of the nations that contributed . 
  i watched a bbc documentary with it on ( shits , giggles ) and it was solid , not perfect but usable for 90 % of the thing , of course knowing the context . 
  16 gb is plenty * for you * . 
  i have a 16 gb microsd card that had about 50 mb free , just in case i need to transfer something . 
  the only reason i do n't have a 32 gb card is that they 're really expensive where i live . 
  while i do n't like invoking it , the current iphone has 32 gb . 
  so the best android phone compares itself to the starting edition iphone ? 
  the number of news is n't a measure of quality , and even though i would put nyt on top , europe has guardian , le monde and spiegel . 
  now that you mentioned bbc , what is the us equivalent in quality ? 
  come on , you compared a newspaper with a tv station . 
  just look at cnn and cnn international , the two stations are leagues apart . 
  beautiful thread really , shows that redditors can be so nationalistic when dealing with europe that they 'll even defend their mainstream media . 
  next up , the tsa is better than any european equivalent . 
  what 's the better one ? 
  considering the hardware , nexus s is top of the line . 
  not enough . 
  it 's mostly music , if i had more space i 'd put up more porn , shows and music . 
  this way i have to stream a lot of stuff , using up too much traffic and battery . 
  but they do n't have a problem with blocking me from sending porn to a friend via private messages ? 
  should i vacate your lawn op ? 
  people do it because they like the memories and a picture you make yourself is a good memory . 
  i always make a couple of photos at concerts i go to . 
  every time i look at my photo of the hold steady i remember the beautiful time i had and how exited i was to hear stuck between stations live , or the other day when i met becky from you say party !, 
  that 's what cameras do : they capture moments in time and mostly have value for the person that made it or is in it . 
  no , i do n't believe he did . 
  they do ? 
  i mean ... 
  i though that they did n't . 
  i would love for them to do more garage rock stuff , like their version of [ have love will travel ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fjjx1if_lfk ) . 
  go to hacker news . 
  they think everything is hacking . 
  for a bunch of stuck up startup people , they 're pretty childish about this . 
  as the [ war nerd said ] ( http://exile.ru/articles/detail.php?article_id=6497&amp;iblock_id=35&amp;phrase_id=44285&amp;page=3 ) , ** 8 years ago ** :, 
   the afghans , if you look at their history , they fight basically for two things : boys to rape , or money . 
  or both . 
  so either the us sent over a few planeloads of cub scouts , which is something i would n't put past a guy like cheney , and sent them to the taliban in mazar with a note around their necks saying , `` here , you can have us if you let the ` coalition ' win . '', 
  or they had a cia bag man go in with a samsonite full of gold bars . 
  considering the cash us government gave to the taliban and current afghan government , and now this news ... makes you think . 
  i do n't doubt that someone will see this as a cool thing and stop putting caps lock in their own keyboards . 
  nokia 3310 , the devils toolbox . 
  relevant username . 
  i 'll never understand why people have the need to hate facebook , especially on reddit , where it 's a badge of honour not to have an account .
