  * odd *, 
  i 'm jealous . 
  here 's hoping they 'll come to my part of the world again . 
  you mentioned you 're against abortion . 
  could you expand on that ? 
  random one : what music do you listen to ? 
  innovative ? 
  it was a glorified im web app . 
  the web 2.0 climate we live in makes everything innovative when it 's not . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but are n't private moral views a basis for a lot of legislation ? 
  i missed the inferiority part . 
  and i hope you did n't downvote me , since i was just wondering about the issue of morals in legislation . 
  mostly concerning religion , gay rights and abortion , which are ( at least in the first two examples ) heavily influenced by moral feelings , no facts or scientific measures . 
  i love it . 
  great song . 
  thanks . 
  does n't seem like the stuff i 'd like to listen more than once , but i 'll try it out . 
  the same as every night pinky ... beer . 
  love it !, 
  as a big pixies fan , i 'm happy things are going so smooth . 
  i notice that their team frequently communicates over facebook with the fans , and i always get notices for semi-private shows and early tickets . 
  too bad they 're not planning to come anywhere near me . 
  then who was `` save '' button ? 
  the small quote in the title does n't reflect the whole speech . 
  i recommend it to everyone , it 's relatively short . 
  depression . 
  glad i read your comment before clicking on the link . 
  i have stuff to do today damnit !, 
  i 'm from europe and $ 3000 would pay for three years of my university . 
  i disagree , on several points . 
  - serbia has declared its military neutral , and other than that any military action by them would be sanctioned by nato in a blink of an eye . 
  - albania , kosovo and bosnia , with majority muslim population are secular , as are the people that live there . 
  there are pockets of wahabists and former mujahedeens , but both of the situations are under control by local police forces . 
  - both kosovo and bosnia have thousands of foreign troops on their territories . 
  - albania is a member of nato with a clear eu goal , just like every other country in the region . 
  there have been cases of wahabist extremists having camps in bosnia , and there are stories about al qaida having camps in the 90s , but that does n't make sense today . 
  why train in a country that has a secular population ( so recruits are hard to find ) , peacekeeping troops from nato or the eu , and in the middle of europe . 
  over here it depends how good of a student you are ... new rules say first year is free , but i was calculating what would the maximum cost be , for a student with minimal grades . 
  i got downvoted and called a racist for a similar opinion in a thread about gypsies about a week ago . 
  not to say i was actively trying to discuss the issue and present the problem to americans that do n't have much experiences with gypsies . 
  you 're the only one . 
  great show , but i find it ironic that british actors have to fake their accents in a us show about gypsies . 
  bought the desire yesterday and it 's a great phone , but i think that samsung galaxy has better hardware . 
  there is no god . 
   the war in kosovo was fought under false pretences that oversimplified the complex social realities . 
  basically the argument then was that `` the serbs are evil bastards led by a dictator and the kosovars are as pure as the driven snow . '', 
  ai n't that a load of bullshit . 
  the kosovo situation happened because the evil dictator slobodan milosevic ( you know the guy ... responsible for thousands of deaths , led wars in 4 countries ) opressed the albanian minority in kosovo . 
  he had been doing that for a decade , but nato and the internation community decided not to let another srebrenica ( approx . 
  8000 dead ) happen , and intervened . 
  nobody said the kosovars were pure as snow , blame that on media . 
  i was a kid then and still remember that there were ortodox churches burned and serbians killed . 
  hell , the state department classified the kla as a terrorist organization before the war started . 
  learn something . 
   you oversimplify it . 
  you said evil dictator , i just repeated your words . 
   or in one country that split up due to the process of balkanization . 
  i can accept that it was a civil war until 1991 , but after slovenia , croatia and bih declared independence , it became an agression . 
   by the way , many of the wars were not even by the serbian army ( but by serbs stuck in other countries ) . 
  nope , the serbian army participated in all of them , one way or the other . 
  in the early 90s wars with all of their military power and later with equipment , money , supplies , logistics and sometimes manpower . 
  in kosovo it was full-out army . 
   by the way -- even if there were no slobodan milosovic , the breakup of yugoslavia would have resulted in war . 
  people are writing books and still debating this question 20 years after the war and you are just putting it all up in one sentence without any arguments . 
  personally , i think that milosevic has half the blame for starting the war , but that 's another discussion . 
   if the usa played a more constructive role , it would have gone better . 
  the world turned its back on the balkans , and did n't care that they had a bloody war two hours from london . 
  european countries did n't even got their heads out of their asses when the us took charge . 
  i find this one of the rare situations where us foreign policy and military power did some good . 
   you know that the albanian minority did quite a number on the serbs in kosovo ( such as killing them ) ? 
  the kla ( except being a criminal gang ) killed a hell of a lot of serb civilians . 
  read my comment again , i wrote the same thing . 
   even now , ethnic albanians are trying to subvert the governments in macedonia , montenegro and serbia . 
  conspiracy , anti-albanian rabble . 
  they are a significant minority and have their rights . 
   have you ever heard about the concept of greater albania ? 
  have you heard of the concept of greater serbia , greater croatia , greater hungary , greater bosnia ? 
  old nationalist tales , and not a single important politician in any of those countries have that as a goal or ideal ( maybe an exception of the radical party in serbia ) . 
   you know that there were n't any albanians near srebrinca ? 
  the point is that the same slobodan milosevic and the same army did srebrenica a couple of years before , and nobody could guarantee that they would n't do the same thing again . 
  not to mention that the clerical propaganda made their enemies not bosniaks or albanians , but muslims . 
   he said that there were no problems until the americans and russians started vying for power . 
  in previous times there was no influence from these countries ( so he blames outside powers ) . 
  i 've heard that stories and do n't put much into it . 
  russia had its own shitstorm at the moment and did n't care much , and as you 've said , it 's not simple like that . 
  i 'm sorry to burst the conspiracy bubble , but yugoslavia 's breakup was n't anything else but internal nationalism . 
   why then did the us ( who led kfor ) give the kla a free reign ( while they conducted a bombing campaign ) . 
  special force units even co-ordinated attacks with the kla . 
  yup , they were criticized even then for choosing the wrong ally . 
  the thing is they did n't have much choice . 
  anyway , kla crimes are being prosecuted today and their role is openly discussed . 
  you ca n't compare a president of a global superpower with 300 million people and a half dictator of a small , 7-and-change million people country . 
  i 'll be the first to criticize us foreign policy , but your comparison does n't make any sense . 
  it 's just standard `` fuck america '' cynicism that ruins any chance of a normal discussion on reddit . 
  i never said it was alright or good or whatever , but i do n't see why you brought it into this discussion . 
  no , really , what does that have to do with the discussion about kosovo ? 
  never said that . 
  i 'm not even from the us , nor i thnk that . 
  this discussion does n't make any sense , go shit over the us in some other thread . 
  i was always surprised by the fact that most ( educated ) suicide bombers are engineers .
