  because youtube , reddit and google work on fairy dust ? 
  because i manually block intrusive ads or just do n't visit and hate websites that have them . 
  also i understand that advertising is the most consumer focused business model the interner currently has . 
  yugoslavia aplauded it . 
  tito got a rock from the moon and belgrade a parade with the crew . 
  i always list croatia although on wikipedia it says sfr yugoslavia , sr croatia . 
  could you share a drawing or something ? 
  i would love to do one myself . 
  you 're coming to zagreb just for the concert ? 
  yup . 
  awesome . 
  i 'm meeting matt and i 'll mention you guys . 
  i 'm a journalist . 
  bilo je super . 
  i 've never made a t-shirt before . 
  i just buy regular spray paint and that 's it ? 
  how does it react to washing ? 
  i 'm not anti cgi but this just shows that some directors adore it so much they go all out and make scenes so unrealistic and unbelievable that the viewer just ca n't picture themselves in the story . 
  i could n't relate with a second of the great gatsby because it looks to me as plastic and fake as lana del ray 's face . 
  it just does n't lend any credibility , especially when the movie in question is set in the past . 
  incredible scenes like massive battles ( lotr ) and enormous destruction ( iron man 3 ) made me suspend any involvement i had . 
  gatsby was the same to me as watching an sf movie filmed completely in space . 
  i do n't think i 've seen a single sensible and coolheaded discussion on the whole snowden thing on reddit . 
  almost every comment is always radical , edgy or trying to be smartass . 
  when i look at other sites and discussions , this makes reddit look like extremists without a touch of reality . 
  i 'm sad that it 's so . 
  i never use now because it does n't do anything in my country , but the other day i accidentally searched arsenal when i wanted to do something else , and it started showing me arsenal scores from then . 
  oh i loved those . 
   also , while we 're on the subject , that krakowiak you claim to know has a suspiciously german accent ... 
  it took 60 years and yet the krauts found a way to win . 
  hate each other ? 
  you do n't recall the massive civil war you had ? 
  that was hate , this is friendly bickering in comparison . 
  ja sam s tavana iskopao sonyjevo staro 30 + godina i super radi . 
  reminds me of the monologue from trainspotting : `` it 's shite being scottish !, 
  we 're the lowest of the low !, 
  the english are wankers , but we 're colonized by wankers ! '', 
   people like things . 
  also , people hate things . 
  you 're not allowed to hate a movie or song because you might offend somebody or get reminded that `` everything is subjective '' . 
  needs more mlp . 
  you 're missing a character that will be the operative on the ground , like ben affleck in argo . 
  honestly , i do n't remember a single massive sporting event that was positively reported before its start . 
  both the world cup and olympics . 
  1994 usa stadium distances and sponsorship , 1998 france violence , 2004 greece budget and delays , 2008 china pollution , 2012 uk security and budget ... all of those went ok . 
  memrise : none, 
  german and french, 
  croatian, 
  confirmation on everything he said , but a double warning on strip clubs . 
  it 's a very different story than in other countries and visiting them is a big no-no . 
  where did you travel in croatia ? 
  it 's very diverse offers a lot more than the coastline ( which i find overrated , * especially * dubrovnik ) . 
  in some places , but it 's safer just to exchange them . 
  you have exchange offices on every corner . 
  so they willingly stopped being a browser for power users . 
  i got it but was accused of `` not getting it '' because i did n't love it . 
  it was just superficial and bland for me . 
  it 's very sad since i have no alternatives i 'd like to use . 
  opera has a couple of features that no other browser gives . 
   he as a reasonable head on his shoulders , and he 's really thought this all through . 
  he knows what he 's doing . 
  is that why he 's stuck on an airport with nowhere to go ? 
  i remember when reddit had something like two or three employees . 
  and that was n't even that long ago , maybe two years . 
  his integrity suffers because of it . 
  imagine the average tv viewer looking at snowden in china , then russia and now ecuador/venezuela/bolivia . 
  do you think they 'll see him a as a hero or a foreign agent ? 
  do n't be obtuse , you know what i thought . 
  an average person , an average voter that wo n't read a 500 word piece on snowden and will form his opinions on fox news or cnn headlines . 
  even someone with a hint of critical thinking will see the pattern . 
  `` high '' is yellow so i do n't see the point of making them look like pariahs . 
  is it really snowing in oslo ? 
  people asking why she was n't found or why anyone did n't come for the gas/electricity bill : she was a mistress of the landlord and got a small apartment like room to live in for free . 
  it was n't strictly legal . 
  source : i live nearby . 
  just some bombing , zagreb was n't that affected , although the air raid sirens were stressful . 
   living out in the stix in rural croatia, 
  she lived in central zagreb , which has gaslines since the 1800 's . 
   remember that croatia only became a country after a 5 year war starting in 1991, 
  an independent country , which does n't mean we did n't have any services for centuries before 1991 . 
  i love threads like these . 
  all the stereotypes and lack of knowledge come out in the open . 
  no property taxes in croatia . 
  and most people own their places . 
  / r/letstalkmusic, 
  no answers to op 's questions , but a sizable ramble about wwii which is only half true . 
  this goes straight from the nationalist narrative of blaming wwii usta\u0161a crimes for serbian agression in the 90 's . 
  now that latitude is dead , is there some app that would give me stats on where i 've been ? 
  or is that part still alive ? 
   does this also explain why in the west , so many engineers tend to be libertarians ( and vice versa ) ? 
  any source ? 
  two nitpicks : they were watching a movie about killing americans , not russians and two , brad pitt was detained and was n't part of the shooting . 
  nope , americans . 
  you can see the whole fake movie [ on youtube ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ai1fqoelq48 ) , it was made by eli roth . 
  the guy saying `` we must destroy that tower '' is tarantino . 
  i 'm not sure you understand what `` capital city '' means . 
  countries ... that are a part of the uk and although they have some devolved powers they are still part of another country and not independent . 
  if i missed something , you 're free to show me a scottish passport , welsh army or northern irish president . 
  a couple of those were quite ok , like the music journalism one , post-hardcore or rap as art . 
  next up : misfits .
