  you 'll get it one day if you 're in the right country . 
  people living outside the us will always have to depend on `` illegal '' methods . 
  damn neutrals . 
  am i the only one who would buy a toyota again , regardless of the current crisis ? 
  as i see it , every generation 's music was commercialized , but the thing is that since grunge , it 's happening really fast . 
  i 'm ignoring the fashion part . 
  about the music , we should be really happy , because we have the broadest and easiest methods to listen to every piece of music recorded and published . 
  i would n't trade the possibility of listening to any artist i desire in 20 minutes for any other decade . 
  we had a full blown war where i lived at the time of the riots , so i do n't know much about them , just some stuff i got out of movies , wikipedia and other common knowledge . 
  if you look at the big picture , do you see the riots as a breakdown of the us race struggle , or maybe a signal that the racial minorities are still too disconnected from society ? 
  michael moore wrote that he was in new york when the riots started and that he saw the atmosphere of fear even there , people going off work early , stockpiling food ... is the racial problem in the us just a bomb waiting to blow ? 
  yep , in croatia . 
  i 'm not sure . 
  it may be a wrong perception , because i see a person of other race maybe once a week , but i 'm feeling that there is a lot racism in the us , but most of it is burried somewhere deep inside , and it 's only a matter of time before it blows up , like it did in the riots . 
  the turnout was around 60 % , and slightly more than half voted for obama , that 's not really the solid evidence that there are no racial problems in the country . 
  i 've got a friend with an addicion problem . 
  i recommended this to help , but almost got slapped . 
  i guess not everyone watched the movie . 
  no , i 'm not that paranoid . 
  but i do keep my [ swiss army knife ] ( http://www.swissarmy.com/multitools/pages/product.aspx?category=outdoor&amp;product=54874&amp; ) and [ sas survival guide ] ( http://www.amazon.co.uk/sas-survival-guide-survive-anywhere/dp/0007183305/ref=sr_1_2?ie=utf8&amp;s=books&amp;qid=1267130096&amp;sr=8-2 ) near . 
  i believe you , but never saw the abuse you 're talking about and i do n't think anyone i know would ever insult or talk crap about skinny people . 
  the only skinny people i do n't like are fashion models , and just for making awful standards for kids who get bulimic because of it . 
  but in essence , it 's my fucking body and if i 'm not hurting you - fuck off . 
  i think both skinny and fat people agree on this one . 
   hot n cold - katy perry, 
  i love this song . 
  just not from the same [ artist ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e_tiofueudo ) . 
  as a related notion , i have n't heard half of the songs on the list . 
  / proud, 
  lyrics to my michelle might help . 
  clocks by coldplay . 
  well croatia is a normal european country , but has the luck of being between two cultures which can sometime collide , like they did 20 years ago . 
  when you say civil war , you mean bosnia , right ? 
  because we exchanged war for economy years ago . 
  i was talking about hulu and other ways to legally watch prime time video . 
  i 'm from croatia and use steam so no problems there . 
  in todays globalized world , there is a slim chance that you do n't have something israeli , if not a physical product , then something that used israeli ip , like processors . 
   close up, 
  you mean ... enhance ? 
  ( i 'm kinda slow on this one ), 
  i have around 20-30 covers on my pc , some are really good . 
  want me to zip it and upload ? 
  this will be on page 10 in no time , but i feel the need to show my opinion here . 
  not everyone has the same standards for freedom of speech , and while i think that it should extend to everything which does n't hurt someone else , i do n't agree on this publishing . 
  i simply do n't see why would anyone want to piss off a large group of people , be it muslims , christians or esperanto speakers , just to prove a point . 
  yes , you have a right to it , but is n't it better to act as a good neighbour ? 
  to act in good faith and provide education , tolerance and good will ? 
  if you have a right to something , why do it if there is zero benefit to you and obviously a huge downside for the side that 's getting offended ? 
  like many people , i do n't think religion has the right to push the whole society around , but logic and common sense says that i wo n't put up a burning cross in my garden even though i can legally do that . 
  that 's the thing . 
  people are over sensitive and as a redditor will press the down arrow on `` richard dawkins sucks cocks in hell '' , the extreme muslims will send death threats . 
  that 's not ok , that 's not right , but why provoke and tease ? 
  everyone should know that not everyone thinks like they do , not everyone is tolerant and not everyone thinks the above drawing is silly . 
  people are deliberately making a scene when there is n't one . 
  i think that it 's because most german tribes in the ex yu area are from swabia , so that developed from it . 
  oh , so the cartoon proved a point , huh ? 
  what was it ? 
  why is the world a better place today ? 
  i do n't like religion , i do n't practice it and do n't care much for it , but i 'm sensible to the feelings of other people . 
  would you publish a photo of a kid getting raped on the front page ? 
  why not ? 
  because it 's not the norm of our society . 
  the same way provocative pictures of muhammed are not the part of their society , and if plenty of people are pissed you must have hit a nerve . 
  i 've got to repeat myself , there is a right to do it , and i ca n't deny it . 
  publish all the cartoons you 'd like , but is n't education and promoting tolerance the better way ? 
  would n't you like to see muslims in your neighborhood thinking `` this provokes and insults me , but whatever '' instead of the current `` die infidel scum '' or some other worthless chant ? 
  congrats , you have defied against the 2 % of muslims in denmark . 
  nice job . 
  edit : of course , the subtext of all this is integration of muslim immigrants in europe . 
  my opinion is that education and social measures are the best way to do this , but the right wing methods of isolation and provocation seem to be all the rage in western europe these days . 
  well then tell me what did it accomplish ? 
  without insults , please . 
  i 'm a proponent of practical politics , not empty ideology which does n't have any real benefits . 
  as i said before , it was a really good job , pissing off people instead of saying why whould that be wrong . 
  not necessarily stupid , but dumb . 
  `` you will never be loved or respected , the sooner you learn how to hold a broom the better '' . 
  not an exact quote , but not far away from what happened . 
  i was 12 . 
  most people know about where is my mind and monkey gone to heaven , two songs that do n't really describe the rest of their work . 
  then again , i do n't think you can find two of their songs that can represent them . 
  you think he would hurt you over this ? 
  are n't you going a little too far ? 
  yeah , you know he 's capable of it , he knows seo . 
   please do take me seriously when i say this , reddit is as much prone to `` gaming '' as digg . 
  please expand on this . 
  how can someone `` game '' us into liking stuff that we do n't like ? 
  the oatmeal is funny , people upvote it and like it , but how can you make us upvote something we do n't like ? 
  i guess you can do the old `` hey , let 's hate this !, 
  '' , but no other method comes to mind ( not just because i 'm hungover ) . 
  let 's say that we put something on the front page that can be considered viral in a business way , is there some reason we would n't like it just because of its background ( making money ) ? 
  yep , i 'm often reminded of that , 8 years later . 
  then again i think i 'm the most successful person of my generation from that school so i do n't think there 's much harm done . 
  i 'd do it , but kids are afraid of me . 
  damnit , not only kids , but most people stop on the street to check the time , tie their shoes or something and wait until i pass . 
  yep , it 's the perfect song . 
  people dumb enough to upvote something they do n't like just because it 's popular really do n't deserve anything better than being `` gamed '' . 
  i do n't know about the other side , but i click on things that sound interesting , the only thing that the front page does is that i click on it sooner than the other stuff . 
  if out of 25 items of my front page , one or two are `` gamed '' or manipulated in some way - i 'll live with it and just wo n't click . 
  the choice we all have . 
  i get creativity attacks sometimes , and just have the huge need to write something , on any subject that interests me .
