  sorry , sarcasm does n't translate well over text . 
  in some countries you have to get your eyes tested every couple of years , and after ( maybe 65 , i 'm not sure ) you have to get a more detailed test to be able to drive . 
  drivers under 20-something have to be driving for a couple of years to get full rights and a full driving licence . 
  male , with a penis and a pulse ? 
  i 've been boycotting tuna for over 20 years . 
  that 's mostly self-hating americans on reddit . 
  comments like these make me want to leave reddit . 
  but then i realize i 'm not a generalising prick so i stay . 
  but you ca n't have ammo for it at home . 
  hungary , not sweden . 
  getaway drivers for bank robbers go in jail , right ? 
  europe ( until recently ) did n't think much of skyscrapers . 
  regarding ( 2 ) - they were banned in the city center , not in the whole city . 
  they are confined to the cbd of la defense . 
  and this is why / r/music is shit . 
  people browse their front page , see radiohead , pixies or any other band they like , upvote and run along , making the top posts mostly popular music . 
  but if say somebody would like to discuss someting and reading the text inside of a self post is important for that post , it will never get enough upvotes to be seen . 
  making deeper discussion here impossible . 
  shamelessly , i invite people to join us at / r/letstalkmusic . 
  i 'd rather endure the ugly thing until it 's fit to be demolished rather than expanding the mistake to make it look less as a mistake . 
  paris is old enough to wait it out . 
  mrohai was more entertaining if anything . 
  banning cp is something everyone can stand behind . 
  but some subreddits were banned using moral guidelines , not legal . 
  and although i trust the admins judgement by default i 'm worried about the slippery slope and what other moral decisions will be made . 
  that same thread had some very upvoted comments about gore subreddits being next . 
  not something i like on this site , but not something i would ban myself . 
  [ some suggest ] ( http://nymag.com/print/?/news/frank-rich/jfk-2011-11/ ) that the atmosphere of hate in dallas ( and the south ) was what killed kennedy . 
  what 's with the boards ? 
  image 14 is a [ slow slicing ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slow_slicing ) , which is exactly what it sounds like . 
  i watched hulu once over a proxy and lost it . 
  ads are the price we pay for visiting websites , watching tv and just riding the damned bus , but the number of ads per show on hulu would be borderline illegal in some countries . 
  my country limits ads in prime time to 4 minutes per hour , and an average 22 minute show on hulu has almost double that . 
  i often disagree with him but enjoy his every review . 
  i got the info from a [ quora ] ( http://www.quora.com/hulu/what-kind-of-cpm-does-hulu-charge-advertisers ) question so it may be off , but three minutes per half an hour are still a lot . 
  last.fm and virtual festivals . 
  exit in serbia is awesome , but it regularly has over 100k visitors . 
  sziget too . 
  my home country of croatia has to offer :, 
  - terraneo is awesome and in its second year . 
  it is predominatly indie and attracts a fair amont of foreigners . 
  it is near the coast and one of the friendliest and cheapest festivals i attended . 
  almost all of the stages do n't overlap so you can see everything you want . 
  - inmusic is more commercial in character . 
  it is in zagreb , not the seaside and attracts bigger stars . 
  i 'm not a big fan since it is a bit too commercial for me - just big names all piled up . 
  confirmed so far : cranberries and mando diao , but around 10 bigger and 15 smaller names are expected . 
  - soundwave / garden is mostly electronic and dance music , but de la soul seems to be headlining this year . 
  i do n't know much , except that it is always on an attractive location on the seaside and attracts mostly foreigners . 
  - rokaj fest is a rock festival that 's been going on and off in zagreb for the last couple of years . 
  it 's in a new place this year and it looks like it will be a mix of open and closed spaces . 
  the current lineup is slayer , mastodon , gojira , lagwagon and a lot of local names . 
  rumors say we should be expecting other genres as well . 
  - outlook is in pula in istria and offers reggae , dubstep , dub and other electronic music . 
  a lot of foreigners as i hear . 
  seasplash is in the same city and offers similar music . 
  - dof or dirty old festival is a punk festival far away from tourists , in slavonia . 
  it does n't attract a huge crowd but is known for its rural location and solid names it attracts . 
  nothing announced yet . 
  i was expecting that one of them is a cut out . 
  looks like something out of sim city . 
   she was n't in the most `` bangable '' condition at the time ( mental condition ) . 
  was she ever ? 
  she 's the worst . 
  and look how he ended . 
  i was expecting an elaborate skrillex joke , but this is ok too . 
  somehow that does n't change the point , now does it ? 
  how did you get the money ? 
  even without crowdsourcing , that 's a pretty big amount for a european movie . 
  also , any plans for a croatian release ? 
  none ? 
  the era of massive bands is over . 
  guns n roses and nirvana were the last huge bands that were massively famous worldwide . 
  rhcp maybe even , u2 ? 
  pearl jam fell out of form years ago and qotsa is too niche . 
  i love both of them but looking for a beatles equivalent is just false , unless the trends change radically . 
  an architect would build a house like this for himself ? 
  anyone reminded of diesel 's campaign ? 
  this angers me so much : http://www.diesel.com/be-stupid/, 
  not exacty what you were looking for but it could help you . 
  nobody got pregnant in the three different high schools i went to . 
  edit : looks like the us has extremely [ high rates ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/epidemiology_of_teenage_pregnancy ) of teenage pregnancy so it might make sense . 
  when in canada or dealing with canadian affairs , she 's the queen of canada . 
  i 've seen other examples as well . 
  arogant webmasters that redirect the user if he 's using anything except a pure new version of firefox or chrome , fresh from the mothers womb . 
  just show me the content , if my browser ca n't handle it then it 's my problem . 
  no if it is for education or science . 
   radiohead is just as world famous as any of the massive classic rock bands . 
  no way . 
  radiohead is n't even the most famous band now , not even of all time and led zeppelin and the beatles had a global reach , filling arenas with 100 000 people with no problems . 
  not to mention sales - radiohead 's most popular album sold millions less than any zeppelin one . 
  of course people do n't buy that much music today , but shania twain , alanis morissette and the fucking backstreet boys sold much more than that in the same era . 
  my parents have no idea who radiohead are and my 20-something year old sister can only name creep . 
  i have literally never heard a radiohead song on the radio . 
  at the same time i have yet to meet a person who has n't heard about the beatles or led zeppelin ( or nirvana or guns n roses ) . 
  that may not be evidence of popularity , but it is about worldwide spread . 
   music is thousands of times more accessible than has ever been before . 
  that is exatly why that era is over . 
  30 years ago you had tv and radio , both of them controlled by the same people selling music . 
  today you have an extremely wide range of genres , bands and media you can find music through .
