  downvoting / r/atheism was the result , not the symptom . 
  people were downvoting it because it became an obnoxious circlejerk ( oh how i love this word ) , the downvotes are just a manifestation of that . 
  fashion in general . 
  i fucking hate it . 
  yes , that 's why nokia paid more than $ 400 million for it . 
  stop for a second and think about what you said . 
  edit : spelling, 
  i 'm sure i would , practice makes perfect , but i 'm not ready to lose another year for something i really do n't like . 
  the acoustic sound is better , but i love the electric one too . 
  the thing i 'm looking for here is simple : is the electric easier to learn for people like me ? 
  i 'm willing to give the time , but my moral is low with this one . 
  that 's what i 'm planning to do . 
  i think the construction is the main problem here , the acoustic one just does n't feel right . 
  you 're right , just some cheap model i 'd use to see if i like it or not . 
  well i do n't like the guitar but i 'm still determened to learn to play it . 
  again , i 'm sure of this too , but the thing is i would like an easier learning experience , and the acoustic way does n't seem right for me . 
  captain planet , red hot chili peppers , presidents of the usa , playstation , 56k modems , lady di , my first cellphone , handover of hong kong , icq , dos games , baywatch , seinfeld ... 
  the first things that come to mind . 
  android was ported . 
  so was kde , openoffice and a palm emulator . 
  in essence , you already have tens of thousands of apps for it . 
  it occured to me that wikipedia , along as being of great educational and entertainment value , is a good place to have a wank . 
  do n't know about the us , but i had a cellphone since 1998 , and by 2000 everybody had it . 
  do n't talk shit about hanson !, 
  i boned a chick from hanson once , i was drunk as shit but remember she only gave anal . 
  dunno why , but she had great hair . 
  i 've got a question for you ... do ya like dags ? 
  liberalism is great . 
  so is freedom . 
  but being 13 she ca n't decide for herself , and her parents are clearly insane . 
  did n't we have a big discussion about a woman letting her kid on the subway ? 
  sailing the world is tough for a far older and more experienced person . 
  not only sailing experience , but life . 
  there are a lot of idiots in the world , but most older ( well , older then 13 anyway ) people would make a better decision then a girl who just got her pubes . 
  i 'm not saying she ca n't do it , but it 's just not a smart idea . 
  she has little or no life experience and although i ca n't judge others by myself , i remember what it was like . 
  this looks to me like a case of `` progressive '' parents wanting to show the world how smart her little girl is . 
  well that 's lovely and everything , but why put her in a needlessly dangerous situation , which sailing around the world is . 
  i 'm not talking `` riding the subway '' dangerous , but `` kidnap her , ask for ransom and chop her into shark dinner '' dangerous . 
  oh c'mon , sailing around the world is dangerous . 
  that 's the end of it . 
  it 's not safe for steven segal , it 's not safe for the girl , but when she is 18 and responsible for herself she can do whatever she wants , but before that she 's a kid , no matter what her age is . 
  i was sued by a large multinational company at age 14 , i wrote a paper in favor of kosovo independence when i was 10 ... in a second language , i worked for a smartphone manufacturer when i was 16 . 
  i was a kid . 
  should i have been considered an adult ? 
  maybe , maybe this girl should too , but the clause that everyone is equal in front of the law is n't always in favor of people , right ? 
  we call it the `` cucumber season '' . 
  it sucks being a journalist in that period . 
  i had no idea red bull vodka was considered ... douchey . 
  so , it 's any alcoholic beverage that tastes good ? 
  i 'm a beer guy but i got ta admit , it 's no cocktail . 
  ( sidenote : it 's ** cock ** tail , not coctail ), 
  i knew i was doing something wrong . 
  good luck . 
  what do you think ? 
  i 've been using it for a couple of weeks now and i do n't have any complaints except the skins . 
  i 'm travelling 3 country borders to see them in a month or so . 
  utah , the server / htpc i built . 
  it plays movies and music , hosts a web page and downloads torrents . 
  around 2 tb storage . 
  sword , my laptop . 
  juno , my sister 's laptop , 15,4 '' hp . 
  omaha , the living room . 
  i built it . 
  gold , in the living room . 
  it 's an old pii and his only use is to play age of empires 2 a couple time a week . 
  who wants to guess my ssid ? 
  edit : spelling, 
  i guess you did n't, 
  * puts on sunglasses *, 
  do your homework . 
  edit : i am so so sorry , i hate to be the one doing the old meme , but this was too good to miss . 
  well , i 'm really interested what would happen if russia would put missles in the us [ sphere of interest ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/monroe_doctrine ) ? 
  somewhere let 's say ... in cuba ? 
  do n't you have some customer protection laws ? 
  where i live you can return anything in 8 days and get your money back , no questions asked . 
  nope , but close . 
  opera for surfing , webmail for most most e-mail , isp anti spam , firewall and common sense . 
  i watch what i click on , do n't open shady sites and do n't download shady files . 
  `` but rospaya , you handsome devil , how do you know you 're not part of a botnet ? '', 
  that 's a good question , i scan it once a month with a web antivirus ( trendmicro housecall ) and nod32 , avast or whatever i get my hands on . 
  the only regular anti malware software i use is spybot s&d , along with the firewall . 
  i 'm 20 and the pixies are my favourite band . 
  am i a hipster because of this ? 
  do i respect music enough ? 
  do i have the permission of your generation to honestly like them ? 
  i 'll get off your lawn ... 
  i saw u2 a couple of weeks ago ( it sucked ) and bought a ticket from livenation ... 
  there was no additional fee or anything . 
  the ticketmaster - pearl jam thing was the first time i even heard of this dumb fees . 
  pulp fiction , not a single doubt . 
  all other movies go behind it . 
  the best one . 
  lots of schools , out of the center but well connected by public transportation , low crime , tennis , football and basketball fields . 
  a couple of minutes from the stadium , zoo and a forrest full of lakes , and monuments . 
  mostly family houses , but there are a couple of buildings , and most businesses are grocerie stores and other small shops . 
  the only crime we see are local junkies who would n't hurt a fly . 
  doors are mostly open , people feel safe and like living here . 
  it 's a good mix between peaceful family life and active youth life . 
  i love it .
