  weight of chains is shitty propaganda . 
  source : i lived through it . 
  look at the percentage of pro-serbian speakers and everybody else and you 'll see . 
  it 's just a typical piece of propaganda that shifts the blame to the evil west , rather than looking at your own doorstep . 
  [ bbc 's death of yugoslavia ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j6fygtbhwf8 ) is pretty good . 
  totally . 
  i 'm shocked by the amount of shitty small-time singers who do a gig every weekend and get paid as much as some mainstream radio-friendly bands . 
  and outside of that subculture nobody has ever heard of the club , singer , band or songs . 
  i do n't want to get all technical on you when it 's a political subject in croatia , but yeah , it was a civil war . 
  the war in croatia and slovenia lasted started before they ( we ) declared independence so that part was a war in a single country . 
  later croatia fought separatist within our country so that was a civil war to . 
  being a civil war does n't deny the fact that it was outside aggression as well . 
  * literally underground *, 
  which ones ? 
  of course they are if you only count the strict centers of those cities , but there are millions of people living in parts that are n't centuries old or museums . 
  so we should just ignore it ? 
  i hear that argument all of time , mostly from people who are against those rights . 
  human rights do n't have a waiting period . 
   noun : civil war ; plural noun : civil wars, 
   1 . a war between citizens of the same country . 
  [ some say that it was ] ( https://www.google.hr/search?client=opera&amp;q=revolutionary+war+civil&amp;sourceid=opera&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;oe=utf-8&amp;channel=suggest#channel=suggest&amp;q=was+the+revolutionary+war+a+civil+war&amp;safe=off ), 
  i work for a us company in eastern europe and that post is not only offensive but just plain wrong . 
  there are thousands of companies doing normal business here , and while bureaucracy is a pain in the ass , most eastern european countries have far less crime than in the west and i do n't see any way there would be any risk he 's talking about . 
  i do n't remember a power blackout in my entire life , we have a fast internet connection in our office and 4g as backup so zero downtime . 
  our democracy is stable , crime low , good infrastructure ... no different from any other european country . 
  the stereotypes are exhausting . 
  with a population of 20 million . 
  `` saved '' or `` did n't destroy '' ? 
  there 's some speculation that croatia will buy a couple of these ... why ? 
  i have no idea . 
  there are n't that many coffee shops , most of them are just regular bars that serve alcohol but decorated nicely . 
  the few i know of serve some pastry and cakes . 
  in that case i 'm ok with the upcoming nuclear apocalypse . 
  this shooting was widely reported everywhere . 
  u \u0161to to gledam ? 
  current european parliament member and right wing nutjob ru\u017ea toma\u0161i\u0107 used to be a stuntwoman on the show while she worked as a cop in canada . 
  i 'm from yugoslavia and new on this subreddit , so i 'm wondering what does featured country mean ? 
  `` post more yugo stuff '' ? 
  because if it does , i 'll find some gems . 
  i just watched that on youtube preparing for his stand up on saturday . 
  talk about coincidence . 
  yeah , no . 
  there were multitasking smartphones years before the iphone and while people who like shiny thin phones were diddling on their razr , people who knew what to buy were downloading apps , watching movies , playing 3d games and yes updating their phones in the same time . 
  as others said , `` benevolent '' has a lot of degrees . 
  tito is often mentioned because in a wide historic snapshot he is seen as a positive figure : the partisan movement , uniting south slavs , leading them to industrialization and ( somewhat ) prosperity and being a shiny beacon in the non-aligned movement . 
  the fact is that no other yugoslav nation will ever be as important as it did during that time . 
  on the other hand he was a dictator , he did have a strong cult of personality and ruled with an iron fist when confronting his enemies : axis and their collaborators , stalinists , nationalists . 
  on the other hand i noticed articles stating that she did n't threaten anybody and that she was unarmed . 
  one look at the video footage that emerged shows that she used her car as a weapon and evaded the police . 
  she was being belligerent and not some innocent bystander as a lot of people want to picture her . 
  i wo n't go into the reasons if she deserved to be shot and if the police did their job well , but the media went crazy on both sides of the issue here . 
  i was sitting one row behind the croatian president and his wife in the cinema . 
  the bodyguard was casually drinking a coke and watching the movie in the last row . 
  ** not ** a comparison with libya , just an anecdote . 
  god i can smell the rakia from the guy on the right from here . 
  would n't that decrease commerce ? 
  a big part of the economy is based on non-essential products that are bought with disposable income . 
  if a certain portion of the populace receives a basic income and decide not to participate in the job market , they can only buy basic things and with that you are having a smaller market for any mass produced good that is n't essential . 
  entertainment would suffer , music , culture , video games , smartphones and their apps . 
  that 's just a few examples from the top of my head . 
  it 's a bit too much to call this `` islands of prosperity '' as if anything else is a pit of sadness and poverty . 
  it also presumes that gdp per capita is the best figure for prosperity . 
  it certainly would reduce the number of the working population . 
  i wo n't speculate on how much , but it will because not everyone has the motivation to work if they have the minimum for survival . 
  the thing i 'm talking about are industries that live on high adoption products that are bought with disposable income . 
  a musician will make music , but less people will buy it . 
  rich people wo n't buy it twice and people who use the basic income wo n't buy it at all . 
  nor video games , or movies or any mass market product they do n't need . 
  some will get jobs because they want that , but a lot will be satisfied living without it because the former choices were poverty-job and with basic income it would be living ok-job . 
  is the amount of money the whole country makes really the index for prosperity ? 
  i 'd figure in something like disposable income , health , education , happiness and a few other things mixed in with inequality . 
  by your definition a nation is just the government and rich people . 
  if all the wealth is collected within the top x of the population and yy percent of people are poor , that country is n't wealthy . 
  as i said , it has to be a combination of all those things , not just a single number . 
  that 's why a very poor country ca n't get in ( north korea ) but also a very rich an unequal one ca n't either ( resource rich dictatorships ) . 
  because engineers are a holy breed of demigods that can magically fix anything like it is a bridge . 
  i got out of my house today and saw a bunch of people in belgian shirts walking towards the stadium . 
  there were a lot of you guys on the airport and generally around town and everything seemed nice and without incidents , which is a rare thing with a lot of our games . 
  jack black lookalike . 
  that 's the way everyone thinks of us and it 's a stereotype that wo n't go away , which is why op 's photo is so uninteresting to me . 
  there are so many things to see and do here and now i see the equivalent of visiting france and posting a photo of the eiffel tower . 
  nuts 2 regions . 
  i think there was a scene in papillon where they ate onions like they were apples . 
  it would destroy both of the coasts , i ca n't see either side being happy about losing a wonderful coast there . 
  oh i love eastern europe stereotypes by people who have n't been or have n't heard anything fresh from there since 20 years ago . 
  the footnote says that other units were used for some countries . 
  as a croat i say enough screwing around and let 's bring back the old motherland . 
  eto im sad . 
  i 'm into rock , indie , alternative , punk and post-punk , including :, 
  pixies , h\u00fcsker d\u00fc , the white stripes , kyuss , sonic youth , red hot chili peppers , fugazi , bad religion , weezer , the thermals , metallica , beastie boys , nirvana , r.e.m. , teenage fanclub , nomeansno , hladno pivo , black sabbath , nick cave and the bad seeds , blur , the hold steady , let 3 , queens of the stone age , tenacious d , the offspring , pink floyd , \u0110ubrivo , the vaselines , the smiths , the who , the von bondies , witchcraft , pearl jam , mudhoney , the presidents of the united states of america , dinosaur jr. , be your own pet , paraf , hair , misfits , the breeders , minutemen , majke , azra , simon & garfunkel , the beatles , ty segall , grant hart , the replacements , andrew lloyd webber . 
  check out my music taste : http://www.last.fm/user/rospaya2, 
  samo opera i chrome za sitnice . 
  - windows 7 / ubuntu 13.10 server, 
  - vlc za video, 
  - vuze za torrente jer neki blesavi error blokira utorrent, 
  - dark room za pisanje, 
  - notepad + + za kod, 
  - putty i rdc za remote, 
  - filezilla za ftp, 
  browser je < 3 opera 12 < 3 i chrome za druge sitnice .
