  is there a list of artist that are against drm and the witch hunt against filesharers ? 
  i know that , and as i said :, 
   yes , it 's a good concept , but it is a niche ... 
  it 's still not popular . 
  it 's not a futuristic concept , there are products available today , but they are not popular . 
  why ? 
  personally , i need a x86 platform , but if i had to recommend a netbook to my mom , i would n't have a problem choosing an arm linux netbook . 
  but , as you can see , no one uses them . 
  uh , sorry , but the viewty sucks on almost every field except the camera , video playback and the screen . 
  just using it to write a message or lookup something is a pain . 
  i would n't be surprised if it is less than that ... hm , i read about that somewhere but forgot the exact figures . 
  when you find it please link to it , i 'm interested what it says . 
  bih is a safe haven for criminals of every sort , and if it were n't for international forces there it would be more rampant than today . 
  smuggling , human trafficking and drug rings use the situation to enter europe from the east . 
  croatia no longer has any pretensions on bih , but serbia still has interests in republic of srpska , but wo n't make a move while there are international forces there . 
  that 's the thing . 
  keep them there for 50 years if needed , because the alternative is certainly war . 
  noticed this on worldnews the most . 
  gmt +1 . 
  please note that people , now i 'll have to google what est and pst means . 
  actually bulimia is a mental disorder , and after watching a documentary about the issue i no longer think of them as `` batshit loonie '' , but ill in the medical term of the word . 
   runway models are n't about who is the `` hottest girl '' . 
  it 's about height , walk , bone structure , personality , body shape size weight , skin tone and hair length . 
  personality . 
  something you ca n't put your dick in . 
  i remember rotten from my early internet days , but i find their library very good and unfortuneatly hidden too much behing dead baby pictures . 
  [ kurtlar vadisi irak or valley of the wolves iraq ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/valley_of_the_wolves_iraq ), 
  a turkish film , loads of propaganda , but good production value and a great suicide bombing scene . 
  jules winnfield ( samuel l. jackson in pulp fiction ) . 
  made of cool . 
  it was made out of a show called the thick of it . 
  check it out if you already have n't , it 's great . 
  vision : m is the best player of all time . 
  period . 
  great clip . 
  convinced me to watch spaced again . 
   im suprised nobody ever stole it, 
  i 'm not . 
  pulp fiction and hair . 
  i can quote both of them completely . 
  pulp fiction because it 's the best movie ever made and hair because i 'm a sucker for a good musical and a hippy in heart . 
  - what the hell does `` indie '' mean ? 
  none of those artist are independent . 
  - i can understand the sentiment . 
  seeing a band that you listened before it was popular ( from a music genre that calls itself alternative ) being `` whored '' out on a soundtrack of a big and controversial franchise is unsettling . 
  people always connect music and artist with the movie they are in . 
  i had almost every creative player . 
  two of them died and got replaced with new ones which worked great and one died after two and a half years . 
  the rest worked great , including a touch which works more than four years after i bought it . 
  watched shaun of the dead yesterday , it was awesome , as hot fuzz . 
  but the endings ... do n't like them . 
  you 're lucky your mistake did only material damage , and that you 've made it early in life . 
  i know people who did crap like that when older and only then did they get hit in the head that made them realize some things . 
  zii , or egg might never come out . 
  creative never said it would be their product and the player is made for other companies as a platform . 
  that said , i think it 's awesome and got a hard on when i saw it the first time , but it 's not for me ... 
  i need a player with tactile controls . 
  it 's a great concept , something pdas wanted to be 10 years ago ( newton even before ) but this may be harder to make than it seems . 
  it needs a new os , and a hardware platform that can stand web surfing and nice effects , which is n't a problem if battery life does n't matter . 
  but it does . 
  this thing needs a long battery life and a great user experience . 
  its users will consist of many people who will need to forget that this is a computer and use it as paper in many times , which it seeks to replace . 
  a killer feature would be a communication protocol that would be compatible with bluetooth and rfid . 
  something that would make sharing data incredibly easy for all sides . 
  i was a pda geek for years and they failed as a paper replacement when i needed to give someone a small note or something ... irda sucked and bluetooth was scarce , but today everyone has a bluetooth ready cellphone and sharing could be easy . 
  fingers crossed . 
  i started to like metal with iron maiden and metallica . 
  how bizarre . 
  i disagree on the graphics and ui part . 
  both zune and xbox 360 are great products that work smooth as advertised , with great interfaces . 
  minus the whole defective xbox fiasco , that was an engineer problem . 
  as for hardware , microsoft makes them nice and smooth . 
  also , w7 would need too much resources and does n't it does n't make sense to use it on such a device . 
  origami was just marketing talk for a microsoft supported hardware platform . 
  i for one liked it , but it is a niche product so market success was n't so close . 
  hey downvoters , what did i write wrong ? 
  huh ? 
  i was thinking more like arm plus dedicated graphics processor with flash memory . 
  maybe tegra or even zii ? 
  in any case , it needs more than 20 hours of work on one charge , but since it will probably be in a bag most of the time that could translate to a week or more of uptime . 
  10 years ? 
  i think you 're way off . 
  because every phone has bluetooth which is made for these things , rather than wifi which is made for other stuff . 
  i 'm not talking about sending music , videos or other heavy data , but notes . 
  simple text notes . 
  and for that bluetooth is blazing fast . 
  as for wifi , i 'm sure it 'll be inside for connecting to the web . 
  you making me crazy, 
  being a geek people think i love hentai and fantasy . 
  they keep talking about their wow character , love of lotr and d&d . i do n't like japan , i do n't like fantasy and i do n't care about it . 
  the other thing is programming . 
  i know some c++ , but everyone thinks that because i like technology and know shit that i must know programming and how to fix their god dammned computer . 
  no , i do n't go to a tech college and i do n't want to be a programmer one day . 
  also , it 's a miracle that i like to party , drink and have friends if you ask most people . 
  1192 points and i do n't get it . 
  rant now or wait until i 'm sober ? 
  i 'll see you all tomorrow . 
  thank you very much . 
  i 'm gon na make a new account just to upvote you for not being cocky like most people would be . 
  am i losing my mind or is gaddaffi getting smarter ?
