  i 'm not sure that 's the best we 've got . 
  * sits down *, 
  * gets popcorn *, 
  i was 10 or 11 and i got all of my music from the radio or recording it from my sister ( who had a cd player ) . 
  bought this one when i got a pc after a couple of years of not having one . 
  it broke inside , taking the cd driver with it . 
  it was very symbolic , since i installed winmx the next day and never bought a cd for myself again . 
  i was just noting why the iphone has such a high percentage at this point . 
  things * will * change , and that 's why we should concentrate on using standards wo n't single out one platform . 
  i 'm prepared for situations like this . 
  he gave him a million dollars . 
  m13cluster you cheap bastard . 
  a couple of things come to mind . 
  - cities build in a way that a car is indispensable, 
  - lack of personal accountability ( aka turning your brain on . 
  i do n't know anyone who would drink and drive , despite having young and dumb friends ), 
  - low driving age, 
  - high drinking age and a bad drinking culture, 
  - low car and gas prices ( everyone can buy a car and drive without a problem ), 
  - badly developed public transportation, 
  it has the same engine as safari for iphone . 
  so it 's almost the same thing , the differences are minimal . 
  the thing is that apple forces operators to tie the phone with an internet plan . 
  with other phones you have the free will to use whatever you want . 
  they 're two years apart so there are differences . 
  well more than one phone have that point , but operators ca n't get forced into that because only apple makes a single device for ( in most countries ) a single operator and has the power to make such deals . 
  did n't you get a million bucks , like hours ago ? 
  just one interesting piece of culture ( or just trivia ) i noticed . 
  mcdonalds , burger king and others are called fast food places in most of central europe , at least what i heard , and the first time i saw somebody call a place like that `` a restaurant '' is online , mostly from americans . 
  i do n't know anybody who would substitute a full meal with something from mcdonalds , for example . 
  yes , i eat there , so do my friends , but never for a full meal or anything except in a hurry , when there 's little time to get home . 
  they make it easy and so so sweet . 
  i think that `` fuck you and stop rubbing it in my face '' is a good start . 
  * quietly sobs in the corner *, 
   but the agriculture minister , who has endorsed the burger , says they are ` ignorant stalinists ', 
  mister mendel , maybe you should ? 
   of greater concern is that you still like obama - who has n't at all lived up to any of his hype . 
  signal to noise ratio is really fucked up , and even on a politically homogeneous site like reddit , people ca n't agree if he 's a positive or negative figure . 
  the rest of the world is as far away from the us since the beginning of the 20th century . 
  it 's difficult to watch you with the same eyes and compare the situation with local ones . 
  i almost had a near life experience , but i got back to being regular fast . 
  being an it journalist i 'm not sure i would have a professional life anymore . 
  but seriously , on the peak of my geekness i went to a remote island , miles away from usable internet and i did n't miss it one bit . 
  everything depends on the stuff you have to do daily - i 'm not sure i can replace my 4chan time , but wikipedia ? 
  sure . 
  this ... this is great . 
  very good . 
  i thought someone would post [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lgprxt3zleu ) one . 
  [ in song form ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cruhjbyjpm0 ), 
  living in a small country that does n't have its own amazon , shipping sometimes costs more than the product itself . 
  i usually use amazon.co.uk , since there are no taxes on books and cds ( for import ) . 
  `` all the books in the world '' in croatian . 
  you do n't drink coffee , you take tea ? 
  do you like your toast on one side ? 
  can i hear it in your accent when you talk ? 
  are you from the us ? 
  one stereotype i heard is that americans crave stronger tastes , the reason they put ketchup or tabasco on everything . 
  do you think it 's true ? 
  does apple allow it ? 
  / b / would die out of envy . 
  does n't the meme go `` can i have your ipod ? 
  depends on the definition of europe , there are at least five of them . 
  you need help to finnish ? 
  we were always worried about someone taking our data and privacy , today we 're giving it voluntarally to anyone that wants it - facebook , linkedin , google ... 
  the same people who cried over that today give their life , privacy and all the data they can eat to anyone that can send a friend request , not just megalomaniac multinational corporations . 
  possibly the funniest thing i saw today . 
  being on reddit for the last 9 hours , that means a lot . 
  i sense failure ... just like every other mp3 killer . 
  more transparent government , less religious meddling everything , legalized weed and gay marriage . 
  geographic ... well depends where you want to put russia , the caucasus , turkey , even kazakhstan , azores , the islands in the north ... 
  i never ate marshmallows :(, 
  things i missed out as a european :, 
  - sliced bread, 
  - marshmallows, 
  i 'm at home :(, 
  but yeah , i should have been working the whole day . 
  validating [ his ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/b0t2v/european_parliament_has_blocked_agreement_that/c0kdxb3 ) opinion . 
  can someone explain why the same drop in both global and local lines ? 
  i respectfully disagree . 
  programming is great in combining multiple fields into one , opening young minds to something practical and ( if followed ) financially solvent . 
  but most elementary level schools do n't provide students with skill learning , but making a basis , a solid ground , on which you can build skills that you one day use in getting a job . 
  think about history , science or geography . 
  until you get to college your knowledge of them are on a elementary level , but from there you choose to expand on the what you want . 
  so , more programming in computer science classes - yes , but programming as a subject - no . 
  i wish i had some programming in school , and not have to learn it by myself today , but ignoring other parts of comp sci might be counterproductive . 
  ivan, 
  i 've heard somewhere that the most popular jobs in 20 years from now do n't yet exist . 
  why should we train kids to be programmers and ( maybe ) saturate the market that way . 
  i think that it 's better to educate them in a way that they could , at a later stage , get into programming , engineering or science easier . 
  open their minds so they do n't end up as office drones . 
  but that 's an elementary problem with education , so i digress . 
  ivan, 
  [ barcelona ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ztqcuawqi34 ) by freddie mercury and montserrat caballe . 
  [ amigos para siempre ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rsvvzan_qli ) by jose carreras and sarah brightman . 
  [ flexible flyer ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f-ntitiqoos ) by husker du . 
  saw this comment minutes ago in 4chan . 
  companies work for money , not morals , news at 11 . 
  war and idiology aside , i would rather flip burgers than get myself into a situation that could make me kill people . 
  where i live people got into arms literally to defend their homes , so i 'm sorry if i 'm not sympathetic to someone volunteering for it . 
  best of luck .
