  - a tyrannical government is a myth . 
  if the teabaggers took up arms and went against obama , would you support them ? 
  why do you think everyone has the same perception ? 
  the only possible solution to that is bloodshed and a civil war . 
  - you ca n't overthrow a government with guns . 
  you need airplanes , helicopters , communication , logistics . 
  the second amendment is a relict of the past . 
  - watch the tv and walk around town . 
  do you really think everybody is sane enough to own a deadly weapon ? 
  in a drunken brawl an asshole will draw the toughest weapon he has , an what happens when it 's not fists but guns ? 
  - an armed population never helped overthrow a western industrialized nation , and even if it did , that 's not possible in the modern ages and especially not in the us . 
  - a tyrannical government is a myth . 
  if the teabaggers took up arms and went against obama , would you support them ? 
  why do you think everyone has the same perception ? 
  the only possible solution to that is bloodshed and a civil war . 
  must be beacuse the japanese eat only big macs ... 
  but very little . 
  what are the chances that you will end up as a high ranking politician or even rule a country ? 
  this should be fun . 
  it 's the old joke about the americans training the best spy to work in russia for years and years ... 
  he talks perfect russian , he knows the culture and habits , he is trained to be the ultimate spy , but he gets arrested at the russian border . 
  why ? 
  he 's black . 
  p - paulie bleeker, 
  r - ron burgundy, 
  i started when an editor of a small website asked me ( as a top forum member ) if i would help him run the site . 
  from there i went to a bigger forum and making a name for myself , starting my own site and got noticed by an editor of a magazine and a hr person in a smartphone company ... by time i got plenty of opportunities open , but you 've got ta start somewhere . 
  - there are skills that you can get for free : everything i now know is off the internet, 
  - volunteer for jobs and work for free , maybe writing news for a website or designing logos for organizations . 
  writing two articles a day for a local website equals `` editor for blabla.com '' . 
  just make sure you can pull it off . 
  - know people and ask them for work , even if it 's underpayed in case you can get good experience and contacts out of it . 
  - work out how good you are in what you do and start from the bottom . 
  a bigger firm will more likely hire you if you had some prior experience in the field , no matter how good you really are . 
  - be lucky . 
  that helped me a shitload . 
  - be good to people . 
  friendships can expand business relations with somebody and get you a ( better ) job . 
  just do n't end up as a kissass , nobody likes them . 
  - be as normal as you can on job interviews . 
  people who are pleasant to work with have a better chance of scoring a job than people who are superb at what they do but lack other skills . 
  good luck . 
  good riddance . 
  nope , he does n't look 13 ... 
  my question is , would the internet function without the us infrastructure ? 
  would liebermans killswitch kill all of it ? 
  small cultural differences , from what i read on reddit . 
  i 'm from central europe . 
  comment on mashable 's dubious seo techniques ? 
  although our politicians are often assholes , croatia has had ( in its short history as an independent country ) two atheist prime ministers and an atheist and agnostic president . 
  currently we have a female pm , but she was n't elected , like the australian one . 
  i had to review her last album . 
  it was so awful i asked for help on this subreddit . 
  high fidelity . 
  i 'd be rob or barry . 
  yup , two hour interview to get into what.cd ... 
  some friends called me crazy , but i think it was time well spent . 
  is n't this from bash ? 
  oops , this reminded me to reply to that discussion we were having . 
  i 'm not the hipster of the two of us , i like things even when they 're popular . 
  everyone had a happy ending in that movie , i 'd live with being a dick . 
  there 's a name for that . 
  forgot it of course . 
  i 'd institute voluntary chemical castration , but forced as a punishment , never . 
  desperation & rejection drunk is the best kind of drunk . 
  hope you got trashed and burned her fucking house down while singing [ you fucked up by ween ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rxmaff6mj1e ) . 
  you sound australian . 
  you 're ditching a site just because it 's popular , i do n't know what that makes me . 
  the us reminds me of myself when i 'm drunk . 
  `` you ca n't jump that ! '', 
  * - fuck you , yes i can !, 
  no , actually i ca n't . 
   i see the pics on reddit , and i 'm like `` hookay , let 's try this . '', 
  i see what you did there . 
  * staring at you *, 
  [ maybe ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:scandinavia_location_map_definitions.png ), 
  well the internet is used to do plenty of things in many of countries , form voting to paying bills and other stuff . 
  using the postal system is a right , so the internet should be too , since you ca n't fully participate in a society without it . 
  i 'm not talking surfing porn , i 'm talking getting your basic rights . 
  i give a fuck . 
  ebert ( even though he 's not always on spot ) is my favourite movie reviewer and i generally like him . 
  he 's obviously not the right person to write about games , but i 'm interested in his opinion and was dissapointed with his first article . 
  if there is a definition at all . 
  beauty is in the eye of the beholder and all that crap . 
  i like jon stewart more . 
  * ducks *, 
  a lot of the original article is bullshit really . 
  i love both android and symbian and although he has a lot of good points , in the end it 's just one user ... 50 % of the market is still symbian , although the us media always forgets that . 
  as a non-irish redditor : how can i help ? 
  the market has expanded and the decline is pretty slow ... 
  but i do n't want to be the nokia defender here . 
  they need to get off their asses , and by what i saw i think it 's gon na be good . 
  as a person who is the first generation in my country not to have military service , i am against it for all but one reason : defense . 
  some countries are in such a position that it 's very needed . 
  the state already has a lot of rights over a person , why give it another one , taking 6 or 9 months of a life when there are better things to do . 
  not to mention that it costs a lot of money and is a logistics nightmare . 
  it 's not up to the state to provide discipline and nobody should be forced to do it . 
  edit : also , i was on the other side until i got called up . 
  i did my medical exam , got a note to skip school and even got a unit , but when i thought about the fact that i will have to stop working for 6 months ( 9 if i chose civilian service , which everyone takes because the military is filled with boneheads ) , stop everything i was doing and move to the other side of the country to run and maybe shoot something and get harrased by people . 
  no thank you , if i want that i 'll do a voluntary service , and even get paid for it .
