  cod is constantly being put down as the transformers equivalent in video games , but they are very cinematic and although today the storylines are shitty , cod4 for example had scenes that were more like interactive movies than games . 
  the nuclear explosion which took away controls from the player , the fear of being spotted by russians in pripyat while not moving at all ... 
  they produced a whole range of feelings that are usually reserved for very good movies that have the power to immerse me in them . 
  it is used as both for hundreds of years so relax . 
  in some european countries inheritance ca n't be just gifted before death , and even wills can be competed . 
  in 26 eu countries a part of the inheritance is reserved for the children to be split equally , unless there 's a good reason not to . 
  [ relevant economist article ] ( http://www.economist.com/node/14644403 ), 
  i never heard anyone reporting their stay or getting in trouble for it . 
  you show your passport when you enter , that should be enough . 
  which says a lot , does n't it ? 
  there are a lot of places in both italy and croatia and without information about what things you like it 's tough to make a good recommendation . 
  while not directly connected to wwii , if you want to watch a single movie about algeria , [ the battle of algiers ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_battle_of_algiers ) should be the one . 
  edit : [ this guy ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/145856/how_did_germany_manage_to_rebuild_itself_so/ ) said it better than i ever could . 
  ~ ~ both countries were industrious before the war so even after the destruction they had skilled labor and knowledge needed for manufacturing products other countries want . 
  i ca n't talk about japan , but germany quickly developed a free market economy with a strong social component with a new currency and low inflation . 
  the allies dismantled industrial equipment for some time , but after 1951 the limitations on german industry were mostly lifted . 
  marshall plan helped , but some claim that that it did n't kickstart the german economic wonder : `` for the marshall plan certainly did play a key role in germany 's recovery , albeit perhaps more of a psychological than a purely economic one . '', 
  germans lost a lot of industry but still had heavy industry centers that just got new equipment and started to churn out cars , chemicals and machinery for massive local needs and later export . ~ ~, 
  yes , i 'm sorry . 
  ta odvojenost ide od osobe do osobe . 
  i used to review phones like that . 
  most of them were crap in the long run , the build quality was shit and software was rough . 
  things like tv and bluetooth used to fail all the time . 
  where i live we laugh at the scenes in us movies when they build houses or put fists through walls - over here houses ca n't be made that flimsy . 
  until he actually does something this is just pr . 
  also , there is a single time in history that a submarine sank another submarine with both of them under the surface . 
  it was a german sub in wwii carrying supplies to japan . 
  churchill proposed a union between france and uk in 1940 . 
  did the nazis persecute blacks that much ? 
  i know a lot of them fought in afrika korps . 
  the magazine i wrote it for does n't exist anymore . 
  and it was n't in english . 
  i would n't trust an average citizen with a pet rock . 
  and mahatma skywalker . 
  most people think they 're above average . 
  that 's why we should get a third party of experts that could certify us for certain things like driving a car or owning a firearm . 
  no work is seen in vacuum , without context . 
  at least for me , a lot of things influence how i perceive a part of music , and a big part of it is the artist himself . 
  lana del rey is a great example of this . 
  she is n't the first or last manufactured pop artist , but her story fell apart too fast for me to take her serious . 
  she was n't trailer trash , she was n't poor or anything else she claimed to be , and that changed the context of the sad nostalgia in her songs . 
  it reminds me of all the stories rollins and mackaye have about how they bled just to record songs and play them to people . 
  although rollins tends to exaggerate a bit , i can see authenticity in their rage , i lived through thousands of feelings they had and i respect them . 
  [ faking it : the quest for authenticity in popular music ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/faking_it:_the_quest_for_authenticity_in_popular_music ), 
  the episode where they got left behind the bus ? 
  je li to ona nazi verzija alexa jonesa ? 
  i 'm nostalgic for my cassettes because i skipped cd 's completely and just went from tapes to mp3 . 
  practically my only music source growing up was taping stuff from the radio or from other cassettes and this was the 90 's . 
  i have every reason to be nostalgic for them , but using tapes today makes zero sense and i simply do n't get it . 
  yes he seems charming but until solid steps are made this is all just pr . 
  do n't fall for it . 
  as i said it 's good stuff , but not really depth hub material . 
  not that it 's your fault or anything . 
  stop giving refuge to pedophiles , loosen abortion rules that cost thousands of lives every year and most importantly revise the catholic stance towards condoms . 
   it is not my god-damn responsibility to fund the internet . 
  with no ads it 's not the internet 's goddamned resposibility to give you free shit . 
  unless you use three websites on the entire internet or pay for everything , you 're being a freeloader that consumes content but does n't have the decency to keep a few ads around . 
  i as well do n't give a fuck about big businesses , what i give a fuck is all the sites i love to visit that exist because they have some ads on them . 
  if they 're intrusive i 'll block them , but if it 's a block of adsense i really do n't mind because i know that something that makes no difference to me will keep the content i love afloat . 
  and pancake lingo . 
  cite for croatia please . 
  i love parks and rec , it is * literally * one of the best shows on tv , but every storyline is over , ann and chris have to get a baby , ron has to get married to diane and the show has nowhere else to go . 
  it 's over . 
  i wish it would end gracefully , not forced to live on . 
  you just say gin and tonic , they will mix it . 
  unless you specify that you want cola and rum or vodka and whatever seperately they will mix it . 
  for recycling you should find blue containers for paper and green for glass . 
  plastic bottles can be returned to stores for 50 lipa . 
  shorts are n't uncommon as far as i know . 
  if you 're up for a beer , zagreb might be a better option than zapre\u0161i\u0107 . 
  sad prvi puta vidim . 
   broselytizing, 
  there are five results on google for this and the top one is yours . 
  you earned it . 
  huh ? 
  cell phone plans are pretty cheap in europe , and you can get unlocked phones on every corner . 
  i do n't see where the hoax is . 
   over 1.5 million people have lost their lives because of bush 's invasion of the middle east . 
  hyperbole much ? 
  iraq body count puts the figure at 140 thousand civilians max + 24k coalition and allied deaths + 30k iraqi army and insurgents . 
  afghanistan is hard to come by but does n't pass 30 thousand deaths . 
  it is a disaster and makes me want to puke , but it is n't a third of your number, 
  edit : i 'm still waiting for a source here at -7 . 
  i protested that war and spend years opposing it , but lying and spewing incorrect figures only makes us look bad . 
  it 's a bit harder to come by afghanistan data , but on september 11 and 12 in iraq 20 people died . 
  9 by gunfire , 8 by car bomb , two by suicide bomb and one by ied . 
  it was a suicide car bomber that killed two people , the database says that `` two deaths were recorded '' so i would guess that the bomber is counted . 
  no american soldiers died in iraq this year . 
  i do n't know about contractors . 
  just the opposite . 
  because it is a transition country it has a lot of foreign observers that monitor elections . 
  reminds me of people on 4chan ( or anywhere ) when they say stupid shit and get called out on it . 
  lol i troll u is n't a valid defence . 
  ima\u0161 ideju za simbol ? 
  holy fuck . 
  will ron be narrating the show ? 
  i 'm still sitting here waiting for the source that claims 1,5 million dead . 
  the source i use is ibc , an antiwar site . 
  it does n't make it ok . 
  if somebody came into my house to wash my dishes it 's not cool with me .
