  very few people do it . 
  and being more energetic than half of todays rockers . 
  i 'm aware of that , but do n't see what this has to do with building schools far away from homes . 
  i 'm not sure i get it . 
  my ex really loved fight club . 
  never saw it as a guy movie , but i can see why men would like it more . 
  fuck katy , marry zooey , have lily allen as backup . 
  i noticed that most security guys do n't check the back of your shoulders so put a small bottle of rum there , but it worked only because i had a jacket that was tight enough to hold it there . 
  the other time i put it near a fence , came in and took it . 
  this depends on the security and location . 
  gordon tremeshko . 
  it 's called search . 
  sometimes it even works . 
  i work in an it magazine , and dislike the new 3d wave mostly because i can see first hand how it 's being pushed onto the consumers , even though most of them do n't want it . 
  with the world cup around the corner , the pressure on journalists and consumers is huge . 
  me too man . 
  i open up a beer and play boys and girls in america until morning . 
  some of you are really uptight . 
  some european countries have outlawed sim locks while some require carriers to provide free unlocks in some cases . 
  very irritating if you 're outside the us and it starts nagging you about it . 
  fortuenately it can be easily turned off . 
  dat haircut, 
  i 'm not a / b/tard , but a / mu/tant . 
  there are other boards and while they mostly have their trolls , once you get to know the board , you become addicted . 
  so georgia has both athens and rome ? 
  they are just the oppressed group at this moment . 
  you can find other times in history when ethnic or ideological groups found themselves to be attacked or oppressed , either from their or some other perspective . 
  personally , some of them * do * have a point , but i would n't go as far as approving of their actions . 
  like huntington said , the time we live in is a conflict of civilizations , not ideologies . 
  i do n't agree with killing civilians in any way , be it russians or chechens . 
  from my point of view , the russians not only started it , but escalated and practically made themselves an enemy . 
  it is in no way surprising that a beat down nation with little money , manpower or morale develops terrorism as a primary method of combat . 
  what do you expect , really ? 
  i sympathize with all the victims , on every side , but from a political side , even though both of them used gruesome methods , i ca n't empathize with the side that asked for it . 
  this should be very interesting for americans to answer ... 
  the conservative party in the uk is in some parts more liberal than the us democratic party . 
  also , you could spot ukip and bnp from a mile away , although i clicked on ukip 's economic program . 
  also , i thought that the lib dems would be my best choice . 
  anyway :, 
  - green party 44.44 %, 
  - conservatives 11.11 %, 
  also , croatia is in the [ top 10 ] ( http://www.fifa.com/worldfootball/ranking/index.html ) and is not going . 
  this pains me severely . 
  i see you 've never been to the balkans . 
   if the world cup flops it 'll be due to the ignorance and fear-mongering of overseas travelers and press rather than a lack of planning or infrastructure on south africa 's side . 
  or the fact that sar is on the other side of the planet , far away from any rich football fans that usually visit world cups . 
  germany , south korea and france have a good reputation and i would n't think too long to go there if i had the money . 
  like it or not , south africa does n't have a good reputation , at least not as a tourist location . 
  not to mention the recession . 
  we did n't deserve it anyway . 
  it depends . 
  some artist and albums are made to be listened to in order and in one sitting - when i listen to tommy or dark side of the moon it has to be all in one go . 
  and when i hear about a new artist or a new album comes out , i listen to all of it , but then isolate the songs i like and listen to them . 
  sometimes an album does n't sit right with me so i listen to it a couple of times . 
  that 's how i got into sonic youth and nomeansno . 
  but not all music is made to be listened to like that , so i have no problems removing the rare kyuss or fugazi song i do n't like and putting them all on shuffle . 
  excellent . 
  99 % probability of shill, 
  so the us would like to be compared to burma , jordan , saudi arabia and burundi ? 
  limey detected . 
  it could have been better if he was a real douchebag , like doing it in public and with more drama . 
  i guess i 'm just too evil . 
  * sniff sniff *, 
  is that earl grey i smell ? 
   that said , reddit 's tactic of using misogynistic attacks on her is off-putting . 
  if it were glenn beck in the picture , the comments and caption would be the same . 
  this has nothing to do with her being a woman , but with her being extremely dumb and in a position to ( gasp ) run the most powerful country in the world . 
  i 'd do her . 
  and anderson cooper . 
  i 'm a straight man . 
  what ? 
  he 's the guy [ even the guys want ] ( http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/main/eventheguyswanthim ) . 
  ( warning : tvtropes link ), 
  correct . 
  the only difference is that a man would be branded a dick , not a cunt . 
  but the essence is the same . 
  i love pieces like this from fp or the economist . 
  sometimes even from time , rolling stone , vanity fair , new york times ... 
  because reddit upvotes ** only ** women . 
  whatever the topic . 
  keep telling yourself whatever you want , but many people ( including me ) do n't see her as a woman first , but as a dumb person . 
  trust me , attractive or hot is far far behind . 
  you 're right !, 
  we should make a. . . a party that would deliver this great idea !, 
  how should we name it ... oh i know !, 
  by some event that evokes feelings of hatred towards the government . 
  after that we should deliver this message without selections . 
  the government is bad . 
  period . 
  so was angela merkel . 
  i think not . 
  not really , you could always deny your membership and then go to church . 
  this is made because big religious organizations get their funding that way . 
  many countries do similar things , but it depends on local constitutions and contracts with the vatican . 
  for example : croatia has almost 90 % of catholics ( according to the last census ) and the deal with vatican is that the state pays for it . 
  so every religious community big enough gets a slice of the pie collected through taxes , but the church gets an additional payment per parish . 
  that way they ca n't act as commercial enterprises like some do in the us . 
  is it wrong ? 
  as an atheist - yes . 
  but it 's hardly unique or out of the ordinary .
