  i live in a big city . 
  h\u00fcsker d\u00fc , fugazi and pink floyd . 
  really jealous . 
  hey ireland !, 
  germany called , they want their money back !, 
  goddamn , this man ca n't be held back . 
   germany has the largest military in europe . 
  [ nope ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_number_of_troops ) . 
  i too have both ( and galaxy nexus and htc one s etc ) and my final decision is htc . 
  the hardware differences are n't big enough to ignore that one x feels better in my hand , looks better inside and outside and just generally provides a better experience . 
  going after raw performance is n't my thing , and if you count that out the s3 just looks dull on the outside and tacky on the inside . 
  i 'm ok with this . 
  downvoted because fuck you , not everything is about the us and i 'm sick and tired that every single thing in / r/worldnews is being connected to the us some way . 
  go to / r/politics and leave us alone for fucks sake . 
  edit : excuse my tone , i got pissed off too easily . 
   europe has 47 different countries and a total population of 595 million people living within a 2.3 million square mile area . 
  the us is a single country with 309 million people in it living on 3.7 million square miles . 
  americans tend to think of politics on a national level and relate things back to their own situation, 
  thank you for this geographical lesson , i 'll be sure to write this down , since i am an idiot . 
  please let me share my lesson with you now . 
  it says / r/worldnews , since reddit is us by default , this is a place where the primary subject is the rest of the world as it says in the sidebar :, 
   except us-internal news ( especially us politics ) . 
  as an american you do n't notice things like that , because reddit is american , and you just do n't care about following the rules , worrying about other people or being a xenophobic ass , do you ? 
   or , you know , you could learn not to be such a prick so that you can deal with people from other cultures, 
  should i write it down again ? 
  this is one of the rare parts of reddit where we can enjoy not meddling into us politics . 
  you should learn to respect other cultures and stop forcing your own . 
   who have a different view of the world than you do . 
  i do n't see a clash of views here , i see people forcing local issues into a place where that 's offtopic . 
  you are right , i got pissed off and too easily . 
  do you love him less now ? 
   please note, 
   / r/worldnews is for major news from around the world except us-internal news ( especially us politics ) . 
  what ? 
  remarkable people , the blacks . 
  musical , very athletic , but not very good swimmers . 
  again i 'm talking about the family . 
   my top two would have to be the entire eastern front in world war two . 
  it is not communicated how massive the battle were . 
  maybe in the us , but i blame hollywood for that . 
  most europeans i know are well aware of the differences in the two fronts and which side gave what contributions . 
  i hate to see all the america bashing recently . 
  people are practically saying the us did nothing because ussr lost millions of people . 
  british brains , american brawn , and russian blood . 
   i just learned about this a few years ago , and i consider myself a pretty informed person, 
  i really do n't want to sound rude , but you are certainly not well informed if you have n't heard of pol pot and the khmer rouge . 
  they are pretty serious about not letting the masses of reddit in , blocking registrations when reddit is down . 
   but then again a lot of the people on facebook will probably just ask a friend rather than google something . 
  i am baffled by your logic . 
   created by violentacrez, 
  oh is it now ? 
  i was expecting some correlation with communism , but it looks like a cultural thing . 
  terraneo is awesome and you should definitely come . 
  but !, 
  i know the organizers and they limited tickets for foreigners so you should buy them on time . 
  if you are planning on camping , prepare yourself for extremely hot weather during the day and freezing cold early in the morning . 
  i went to sleep in my sleeping bag , fully clothed and wrapped in two layers of towels , and woke up practically naked . 
  the black keys were n't so much about the money but about the timing . 
  and if you want interesting info about probable headliners , foo fighters were * this * close to coming . 
  since a lot of people are talking about it , here 's the cold hard data :, 
  [ mistakes and omissions ] ( http://www.cs.cmu.edu/~clamen/misc/tv/animaniacs/nations-etc.html#forgotten ), 
  little boxes , on the hillside ... 
  that does n't make it uninteresting . 
  i live in a european city about a thousand years old , in a street first built when suburbs did n't exist as a concept . 
  also , i live on the third floor . 
  or such suburbs are actually seen as a menace in modern planning and architecture . 
  bummer , but that 's the way the game works . 
  congrads spain and italy . 
  he is irritating and i would n't trust him to watch over my pet rock , but at least the guy is honest . 
  no bullshit outfits and hipster pandering . 
  we 're lucky to have such a simple national symbol that can be used anywhere . 
  dude . 
  there 's irrefutable evidence of assad 's forces killing civilians by the dozen . 
  not everything is a conspiracy plot . 
  i did the vejle  copenhagen and back route . 
  being used to southeastern europe 's rails , i was shocked at what comfort i got with the cheapest tickets . 
  a beautiful and practical ride . 
  i do n't hate trains anymore . 
  if you do an ama , be sure to link it to / r/europe . 
  what 's the one for / mu / ? 
  i remember the first time you posted it . 
  as a foreigner it was very interesting . 
  also an interesting idea , maybe to make theme weeks on the subreddit : anti-communism one week , post 9/11 the other ... 
  think about it . 
  i always seperate iraq and afghanistan in these discussions . 
  it 's intelectually lazy to mash them into a single narrative and conflict only because they happened in the same period . 
   like egypt and its new control by nationalist fundamentalists . 
  you 're jumping the gun here . 
  fjp may be radical by western standards , but they are far from fundamentalists . 
  what would you call the salafis then ? 
  not to mention that these are big corporations , and so called mittelstand ( small and medium business ) companies make up a big part of the economy with 50 % of the gdp and 70 % of workers . 
   the signature riff of a minor american hit song . 
  sports or not , the song was enormously popular and soon became a riff as popular as anything nirvana or guns and roses made . 
  yup , i landed in billund and went to vejle for the train . 
  my favorite game ever . 
  a fucking shame that 9 years later i have n't found a better rts in the same vein . 
  morsi said one of his goals is to increase tourism in egypt . 
  threads like these just confirm that i should ignore everything related to religion on reddit . 
  circlejerking and fearmongering . 
  i suffered many downvotes because i just ca n't stand the man .
