  do i need to have a modded console or just a regular one ? 
  not easier if there 's a single torrent for everything . 
  then again as a / mu/tant i already have all of these . 
  one is organization of petroleum-exporting countries , the other american israel public affairs committee . 
  that does n't change the point . 
  you pay some of the cheapest gas in the western world , and somehow this is now a talking point ? 
  is there a reason i read this in the voice of scruffy the janitor ? 
  this review tells it like it is :, 
  not sure posting facebook profiles is a good idea . 
  i feel sorry for the guy . 
  crap , reddit knows i 'm fapping ? 
  i 'm more in awe about several meals costing 15 dollars . 
  food is cheap in the us . 
  i like jack black for tenacious d and high fidelity . 
  it 's hard to defend him though . 
  i was there before exit festival last year and it was cool , but i 'm feeling it could be used better . 
  the army museum was practically empty and the only cafe we found was empty as well . 
  even with all the bad things clinton did , is n't he lauded as one of the best presidents since roosevelt , at least by liberals ? 
  as a non-american ... what will you liberal folks do then ? 
  third candidate or republican ? 
  croat here . 
  you have any special requests or just general ? 
  i often watch that video , hoping that it was n't scripted . 
  it 's not that i think courtney killed him or got him killed , but she certainly gives the vibe of a person that is capable of doing something like that . 
  it 's two in the morning now , so i 'll pm you tomorrow . 
  edit : oh and can you find out what part is her family from ? 
  maybe i can find some local candy . 
  but ... why ? 
  why does it matter ? 
  people change occupations all the time . 
  depends where and what standard exactly . 
  for the people who live there it 's not exactly cheap . 
  dobro sam , hvala !, 
  you have the bajadera , which is made out of nugat , chocolate and other stuff , it 's pretty much our most famous candy . 
  then you have local stuff like medenjaci , which are small cookies made out of honey . 
  ca n't think of others right now . 
  i 'd be happy to trade , but first have to find out how much shipping would cost , since i 'm not exactly floating in money right now . 
   i take it you are a local yourself ? 
  yup , i 'm from zagreb . 
  as filip-latinovicz said , she 's probably from zagorje , a region north of zagreb . 
  my favourite one . 
  as i said to [ akira410 ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/snackexchange/comments/h6c0o/im_us_ky_based_looking_for_england_japan_and/c1t199t ) , i 'll check out how much shipping would cost and i 'll get back to you . 
  i 'd be happy to help . 
  i saw this exibition in the photography museum in stockholm a couple of weeks ago . 
  very powerful , especially the documentary that comes with it . 
  they 're remarkable people , the blacks ; musical , very athletic , not very good swimmers . 
  again , i 'm talking about the family . 
  yes , that 's the bajadera . 
  some medenjaci have hazelnuts , some have sweet fruits , some do n't have anything . 
  they 're basically cookies made out of honey ( med in croatian ) . 
  check out [ kra\u0161 ] ( http://www.kras.hr/index.php?page=products ) , they 're the biggest candy company in croatia . 
  story time !, 
  i 'm not much of a lotr fan , not only do i dislike fantasy themes but every time i tried to watch the first movie i got bored real quick . 
  anyway i respect it for what it is , but from very far away . 
  one time i got drunk with a friend who just discovered the books and became a huge fan . 
  he made me watch the whole trilogy in one sitting . 
  so while we watched one part , he downloaded the next part . 
  it lasted for a couple of very painful hours . 
  we got drunk several times and around part three i was practically crying and begging him to go home and let me be . 
  when it all ended , the sun was raising and i was near catatonic , i saw that he downloaded all of the extended editions , which extended my misery by more than two hours . 
  we 're not friends anymore . 
  ( not because of that , but it makes the story more interesting ), 
  straight edge does n't have anything to do with the government or religion . 
  people were abstaining from sex and drugs because of personal reasons , coupled with spirituality . 
  early sxe bands were equally anti government/religion as other punk bands . 
  do n't be an ape about it . 
  how much space does that take ? 
  do you think it 's worth it ? 
  this was way ~ ~ more ~ ~ funnier than it should be . 
  edited . 
  not taxing essential food is awesome . 
  [ yahoo answers ] ( http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20080206151840aascrwr ) vindicates me !, 
  but seriously , i 'm not a native speaker . 
  croatian . 
  i 'll edit my post , thanks . 
  ah , most of the snacks are classic stuff nestle or other giant makes so i 'm not really excited about local snacks as you might be . 
  split is beautiful now . 
  too bad it 's a borderling shithole when the summer is over . 
  were you just in split or other places too ? 
  how about the at&t / nsa deal ? 
  they sometimes have the balls . 
  op is n't right or wrong , the point was to incite a discussion . 
  bassist ? 
   is he internet savvy ? 
  i would be happy to pay for iplayer access . 
  oh my , an iplayer android app would end me . 
  excuse my ignorance , but what is american cheese ? 
  is n't the minister in `` in the loop '' head of dfid ? 
   who the fuck are these `` artists '' to decide how a consumer spends their money ? 
  because it 's their content ? 
  by your logic , you can get anything , anywhere for some amount of money . 
  there are other things involved , and dark side of the moon is n't the best sold album of all time by coincidence . 
  it is meant to be an experience and requiring the consumer to buy the whole thing is the only step the artist can do to influence his consumption . 
  also ... `` artist '' ? 
  very mature . 
  for a split second i thought you were john carmack . 
  i 'm not in the uk unfortunately . 
  is it really necessary for the app to use almost 15 mb of space ? 
  i do n't know what kind of stuff you 're caching , but i have to delete all of the data every week to keep my not-so-old htc desire afloat . 
  there 's no clown on the wing !,
