  \\  split, 
  \\  music capitol, 
   here 's an example of a similar situation but some 20 years prior . 
  the whole crimea situation has a few connecting points to the croatian war of independence , and i 'm not talking just about the five serbs that went there last week to volunteer . 
  except milosevic started four wars , ordered war crimes in two countries , stole elections and murdered his opponents so when he came for kosovo * again * the west finally acted , unlike years earlier when tens of thousands of civilians got slaughtered . 
  kosovo had borders and an administration established in the 1974 constitution , albanians were the absolute majority for more than a century and a decade before the war and nato intervention serbs made less than 10 % of the population . 
  the central government sent their police , troops and bureaucrats to kosovo for decades . 
  of course it was n't fucking magic . 
  do sad je app bio precizan u rangu 30 sekundi , dok oni displeji la\u017eu ko sanader . 
  pow 's were treated fine in germany as well . 
  especially if they were officers or western . 
  russians were screwed . 
  ima\u0161 link ? 
  first off , there 's no eastern europe since no country wants to be lumped in the whole stereotype . 
  countries like hungary , czech republic or poland call themselves central european , the baltics northern etc etc. 
  agree . 
  not all of us live in cultures surrounded by guns . 
  that did n't go well , right ? 
  a bullet really is n't a symbol of peace and goodwill . 
  if i found a bullet on my doorstep i would be calling the police . 
  if you want to intimidate someone you do n't send him flowers . 
  you put a bullet in his mailbox . 
  my whole point is that not every culture has the same stance towards guns , ammo and weapons in general . 
  in the us it 's a tool or whatever . 
  where i live it 's a solid sign that you should n't own one . 
  same as drugs , abortions , gambling or religion . 
  it 's culture specific . 
  oh god yes . 
  i know dozens of people who quote blackadder , del boy and b'stard on a daily basis . 
  stuff that are a pain to do in the shell . 
  others can go . 
  that 's a weak conspiracy theory . 
  yeah , the hippies were a real conservative bunch . 
  people not only change , but live in bubbles . 
  they visit websites that cater their interests , google recommends content that they want , they hang out with similar people . 
   what are you smoking ? 
  the hippies were n't conservative at all . 
  not in that scale , but yes . 
  you get recommended videos , you get searches tailored to you , ads that match your interests . 
  it 's making a bubble for us . 
  today ? 
  check [ this link ] ( http://www.muzika.hr/kalendar/grad/1/zagreb.aspx ) for all the gigs tonight . 
  if you are looking for alternative/indie/rock music try search on facebook for kset , mo\u010dvara , \u017deljezni\u010dar , prostor do , tvornica kulture , vintage industrial bar , akc medika , klub , beertija . 
  there 's an indie party in beertija today and mike watt is playing in mo\u010dvara , i do n't know about the others . 
   ivan, 
  i see this thread 's future and i do n't like it . 
  both countries and issues are very different , and not something that can easily be compared . 
  closed unfortunately . 
  yugoslavia was non-aligned and its citizens could travel wherever they wanted . 
  numerous reforms allowed for private enterprises . 
  if anything , yugoslavia was socialist . 
  fortunately , we are n't looking at the name . 
  \u0160upci . 
  * the * best side character in the west wing . 
  the moment he sold it was when he talked to toby about colonialism , the ira and dead writers . 
  the funny scenes were great but he proved himself as capable and smart then . 
  i see all the benefits of conscription , especially for some countries , but i 'm happy being the first generation in my country that did n't have to go . 
  people have jobs , sick family members , companies that depend on them and countless other plans and being forced to go somewhere for a year disrupts that . 
  twelve . 
  australia is cool and all , but being that remote and only having about 20 million people eclipses their gdp on the world stage . 
  cool , but it 's limited to the newer stuff . 
  ca n't find it , can you link it please ? 
  any of you guys non-american ? 
  i have n't received shit . 
  yesterday was the anniversary of the nato bombing campaign . 
  note that all of the photos are from the serbian side . 
  they 're serbian . 
  why ? 
  bosnians lost the most in that war and were underpowered most of the time . 
  edit : whoops , misunderstood . 
  i 've noticed montenegrin troops as well , this is part dubrovnik and part vukovar theatre . 
  great , / r/music is crap . 
  anyone who thinks he can write an eli5 on this is wrong . 
  i recommend the bbc documentary death of yugoslavia . 
  i have some issues with it but generally it 's ok . 
  croatia used old post-wwii dusters to deliver home made bombs , but it was n't long until they got shot down , and we bought old mig 's from russia . 
  easily the dumbest comment in this thread , congrads . 
  great post . 
  what was the entrance fee ? 
  all the 29 's got left in serbia and everything croatia had was brought in by defectors . 
  we bought 40 mig-21 's from russia and used 20-ish of them in active service . 
  a few were lost and today we have a pair for air policing while the rest are stuck in ukraine for repairs and upgrades . 
  the old jastreb and galeb light fighters were soon retired for lack of spare parts and in the next couple of years we 'll be buying either saab gripens , old f-16 's or old hungarian mig-29 's . 
  in the time of my posting , there are zero super troopers references in this thread . 
  reddit must be slow today . 
  i 'm reading all the oculus threads and i do n't think i 've seen more than a few positive or even neutral comments about this . 
  facebook and zuckerberg have a shitty reputation in some circles and now absolutely everything they do is shit for you guys . 
  they 're running a massively popular and extremely complicated platform , they have n't ran whatsapp or instagram into the ground and they employ thousands of talented people . 
  give them the benefit of a doubt before declaring vr , oculus or gaming itself dead . 
  jeez , let 's wait a freaking month . 
  i watched it a few years ago because a redditor asked me for my opinion about it and i forgot to write a reply to him and i 'm still sorry about that . 
  i ca n't remember the specifics ( should watch it again ) but i can recall being mostly satisfied with it . 
   were there any dogfights between the mig-21s and the mig-29s ? 
  none . 
  they were used for some ground attacks and mostly just rotted away until 1999 . 
  i do n't think they had a confirmed air-to-air kill . 
  then we can agree that it 's too early to use oculus for any kind of an example . 
  i know that people are disappointed because they wanted a different direction , but notch and some people here are really having knee jerk reactions when we do n't know anything , like the guy a bit below :, 
   they are scum and need to die, 
  is this a balanced and rational way to discuss anything ?
