  i 've spent days playing zombie mode on black ops and waw . 
  one has new weapons with complex and bigger maps , but in waw you can play the singleplayer game with a friend if you want , although it 's about 5-6 hours of gameplay max . 
  if it was a pie ... 
  must be fate that i found my old tablet today . 
  edit : spelling . 
  thank you . 
  [ do people still do this ? 
  can someone find that post that descibes torturing , killing and then painting his sims ? 
  i 'm just confused with the choice of font in the image ... 
  on one side , this is simple and to the point . 
  people who would watch this would do so solely because of the two actors on the poster . 
  on the other , this is a photoshopped monster in which vince looks like an alien and i ca n't stop looking away from his forhead , and kevin ... is just fucking weird . 
  i hate it . 
  i have n't used my last years `` epic '' so i 'll use it now . 
  khm :, 
  epic !, 
  there was an ama about a cult that would find this very erotic and appealing . 
  something about * truly * loving jesus . 
  oh god , jolene is phenomenal . 
  at least you can buy an app . 
  i wonder how long until the drm on psp games is cracked so all android owners can enjoy them . 
  i 'm thinking sony ca n't wait and sony ericsson will suffer . 
  reminds of a thing my friend said to me when i said how much i love pink floyd . 
  `` but , you ca n't dance to that music ! '', 
  not all music is for dancing , not all movies are here to be positive . 
  the us does n't get paid for it ? 
  you do n't get anything in return ? 
  it is n't in your interest ? 
  what is this `` berr '' ? 
  is it something like lrr , ruler of omicrom persei 8 ? 
  i 'm a news junkie and really into foreign affairs , but africa is hard to follow . 
  a lot of wars , a lot of countries and a lot of underdevelopment makes for uninteresting stories because it is hard to relate with a non-western culture . 
  the best mainstream coverage of africa is economist for important stories and analysis and cnn international for news . 
  to be fair , croatia was a tourist spot before the war as well ( we only got to pre-war tourist levels recently ) and is a developed country in europe . 
  i 'm being defensive now , but we have been in the news for more things outside of the war , almost won the fifa world cup , won the davus cup , handball world cup , ski cup ( even hosting one ) , and that 's just sport . 
  it is considered a safe and normal tourist destination . 
  rwanda may be as well , but people first think genocide and you ca n't fix that with anything except good pr . 
  because of her , i ca n't listen to some of my favourite songs . 
  too much memories . 
  [ h\u00fcsker d\u00fc - flexible flyer ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f-ntitiqoos ), 
  [ stiff little fingers - alternative ulster ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pvjnpnnxysc ), 
  [ buzzcocks - ever fallen in love ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bif2q_zo3-4 ), 
  [ belle & sebastian - boy with the arab strap ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cyzpttgmgck ), 
  [ the vaselines - rory rides me raw ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qyjraokqy9e ), 
  [ neutral milk hotel - king of carrot flowers pt1 ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yyox43j9pri ), 
  bob dylan - shelter from the storm, 
  most of the songs are n't very emotional by themselves , but context made them like that . 
  yup , i just recently read a good article on tunisia there . 
  have a link on the series maybe ? 
  comparing elvis to the beatles is n't fair or right . 
  he pushed the standards of his time , but musically he was n't nearly as original or talented as the beatles were . 
  you have no idea how right you are . 
  watch the power of nightmares by adam curtis , which examines the growth of conservatism in the arab world and us . 
  care to expand on that ? 
  what is wrong with charlie 's hair ? 
  294 terrorist incidents ... 
  i wonder what the definition is , because that seems very high . 
  edit : and it seems the number will fall : [ spain 's basque rebels eta call ` permanent truce ' ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-12151597 ), 
  can you post the wealth map ? 
  not really related , but there is a great math rock band called antlers . 
  without `` the '' . 
  beautiful story . 
  beautiful . 
  the yugoslavian war possibly denied the world the greatest team in football history - as this guy says . 
  a little effort like naming the band or song in the title would n't kill you . 
  yeah , i love this goddamn song , but let 's at least follow some minimum of rules . 
  if i remember correctly , we got the first goal a minute after scoring our goal and just did n't get our heads out of our asses fast enough to mount a proper defense . 
  then again , i was young then and do n't remember it very well , except the emotions . 
  a lot of people here missed the point of the question . 
  it 's not about which bands are great , it 's not about which bands are good , it 's not about which bands are innovative or which bands you like . 
  some big bands like the flaming lips or phish have sold millions of records , but do n't have the worldwide appeal of , let 's say , red hot chili peppers . 
  to put it bluntly : my mom knows who rhcp are and can identify a song or two by them , but certainly did n't hear about arcade fire . 
  there are a lot of factors to keep in mind here . 
  backstreet boys were huge . 
  n'sync was the biggest band on earth in one moment , but nobody will remember them in 40 years . 
  some bands like h\u00fcsker d\u00fc are only now getting the recognition they deserve . 
  pixies are more popular now than before . 
  innovation does n't have to be the deciding factor . 
  after thinking this though , i 'm not gon na give my judgment on this question , because it is not an easy one . 
  wwii was tough in yugoslavia and still causes big problems today . 
  i for one am proud that the partisans were the only ones in europe that liberated their country almost singlehandedly . 
  shit is about to go down . 
  yes it was , but considering the type of warfare , percentage of the population lost and lasting consequences , yugoslavia had it tougher than some countries . 
  and hungary and bulgaria ... all without foreign support until 1943/4 . 
  it was a big clusterfuck , but there should be a clear line between crimes like bleiburg and the liberation of the country . 
  i see you 're from zagreb so i 'll tell you what my grandma told me ... 
  when the ustashe came to power there were people hanging on every third tree where todays maksimirska street is . 
  this is n't a pissing contest and the only thing i did was say that i am proud by the liberation effort the partisans made , which was an extremely hard thing to do . 
  i am equally shamed by any crimes they did . 
   archaic antiprogressive folkish exceptionalist bullshit that makes the consequences of wwii so lasting and problematic for yugoslavia in the first place . 
  huh ? 
  i was just putting a historical perspective , since i doubt much people on reddit know the everyday bullshit we put up with the whole `` who 's grandad fought on whose side '' issue that arises every week . 
  as far as i can see , your post is just incoherent rambling . 
  then say it like that , not rambling and insulting . 
  i agree with you , but i 'm not into exceptionalism . 
  i do n't think yugoslav partisans were the best , that they kicked the shit out of every enemy or that they were superior to similar groups in other countries . 
  but i was stating some facts that are only slightly tainted by my local perspective , since people ( and textbooks ) prefer to avoid that period of history , and there is a big push from the other side denying everything the partisans did , which is pure historical revisionism and i do n't want to let it happen . 
  i ca n't see how i 'm being chauvinistic with a simple statement about how tough they were . 
  the yugoslav partisans fought nazi germany , italy , bulgaria and hungary without any external support , until the end of the war . 
  that 's a big deal , and that 's a fact .
