  i have no problem imagining british personnel doing everything to sabotage ahmadinejad . 
  hugh laurie turned 50 recently ... 
  i used to be very active on newsgroups and got sued by [ some company ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/t-com ) for some things i 've done , including making an animated gif of their logo turning into a swastika . 
  people recognise me from time to time , and i may have been called a hero a couple of time . 
  all in a days work guys . 
  oh , i was n't in germany . 
  i was in croatia , sued by the local t-com , owned by the dt . 
  wow , that 's cool . 
  i did n't see that until now . 
  consider this a `` like '' . 
  not really a prank , but one day they told me they were divorcing and mom was going away . 
  i started crying and screamed at them : `` who will cook for us now !? '', 
  fun times . 
  i tried to install it the other day , but it had problems with vista . 
  anyone else had problems like that ? 
  so you 're 100 % sure that the british do n't have spies in their embassy , they are not helping the protests , they are not doing everything to sabotage the current administration ? 
  i found my walkman a couple of weeks ago , listened to music i liked when i was younger . 
  i 'd reccomend it to everyone , it 's a refreshing experience . 
  one of the most influental countries in the world not having spies ( or whatever you call them ) in the biggest hotspot in the world right now , which has been a center of their interests in the past sounds unlikely . 
  i can agree with you on the strenght of the uk intel community , but you have to admit that there is a very slim chance that the british have nothing to do with it . 
  something like that , except we order pizza . 
  it 's one thing if he gets arrested by the police or someone presses charges , but everything about this looks like a coup . 
  disabling communications , suspending the media , sending troops on the streets , arresting the president and forcing him out of the country . 
  textbook coup . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but is n't it illegal for the military to act as law enforcement ? 
  so fighting domestic enemies would be illegal ? 
  the thing is that most europeans do n't want guns . 
  the laws that prevent us from having them do n't really affect us . 
  heh , i 've got the last vikings for amiga . 
  oh god , a week of nonstop beer . 
  its low price and affordable taxi makes it pretty cheap to get wasted . 
  iiiii 'm gon na go ahead aaaand agree with you on this one . 
  the us takes good care about their soldiers when compared to some other countries , but still fails on respecting the dead , as we all saw in that video ( i 'd link it but i 'm on a phone ) . 
  from everything i read here and on other sites , a person has a good benefits after leaving the army . 
  edit : here 's the video : [ canadian soldiers returning home ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5pkzazc3so8 ), 
  as i wrote in the first part you did n't qoute : send the police , raise charges , make the legal setting to fix it . 
  the army acted as judge , jury and executioner - arrested him and they did n't put him on trial ( something the police should have done ) but exiled him out of his own country . 
  i 'm not sure there is a country in the world that can exile its own citizen . 
  by who 's order did the army act ? 
  where did they get their authority on that ? 
  did the parliament act ? 
  i have no doubt in my mind that he violated the law , but the only instrument in the whole country who did anything about it ( and did it wrong ) is the army . 
  police securing the streets ? 
  police arresting ? 
  media functioning ? 
  this was not a legal thing . 
  read about coups in the last 50 years : suspend the media , arrest and hide the executive power and install a friendly regime . 
  99 % of the time by the army . 
  egypt , thailand , pakistan ... 
  actually i can link but did n't have the time to find it on youtube , this time the user failed , not the software . 
  i do n't think anything will kill the classic controller in a couple of years , motion sensing and other gizmos are made supplemental to classic controllers , not as a 100 % replacement . 
  that 's why i like natal . 
  when i want to play halo i can play it in sofa only moving a couple of fingers , but when my friends come over we can have fun with that , or guitar hero / rock band / whatever , since it 's less intimidating to people who are n't gamers or heve otherwise some problems with the controller as we know it . 
  what makes you think i live in the us ? 
  holy shit , mike meyers . 
  also , why do all of the basterds have to be jews ? 
  the movie is set in 1943 . and the holocaust thing was discovered later so it does n't have much sense . 
  it 's too obvious that shit has hit the fan and he could get the heat from all the stuff that has been happening during his mandate . 
  nobody wants to lead the country anymore , hdz does n't have a single person who can win the election , and by nominating hebrang as president they are admiting that there is no chance of winning . 
  this is the sort of situation where nobody wants to take power and run the country . 
  edit : [ related ] ( http://www.digitalvomiting.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/07/debeli-smrad-500x399.jpg ), 
  i never did like tpb for my pirating needs , only for their effective marketing and getting the word out . 
  i love nomeansno ( not listed here ) and missed their shows two times . 
  on the second one i offered a guy three times the money for a ticket but he did n't cave in . 
  it was sold out . 
  today , on canada day , they are playing in my town again . 
  i missed them ... again . 
  ah , two of my favourite things in one clip ... 
  uhm ... t-shirts and ... um ... cameras . 
  yes , cameras , that 's it . 
  i think it ' a a combination of the recession , corruption charges , inner party conflicts and the trouble with entering the eu . 
  i think it is . 
  after trying realplayer i was impressed but it started slowing down later and the spyware practises did n't help the situation . 
  foobar for music , vlc/mpc for video . 
  i 'm proud of the fact that i have never heard any of his songs , crank included . 
  edit : i 'm sorry , i had my sound off when i found the video and did n't notice that this one has the song messed up . 
  here 's a lyrics version :, 
  [ a lap dance is so much better when the stripper is crying ] ( http://www.azlyrics.com/lyrics/bloodhoundgang/alapdanceissomuchbetterwhenthestripperiscrying.html ), 
  i do n't like star trek , i 've never watched lotr , i do n't like warcraft , blizzard or valve . 
  i think ron paul is delusional , i do n't believe in a completely free market . 
  dr. stefan frank by any chance ? 
  it journalist . 
  i 've watched a couple of episodes from every series ( except the animated one ) and i did n't like it . 
  i do n't think it 's stupid - mpc has better usability imo , but vlc can chew some formats mpc ca n't . 
  winamp on the other hand , has turned into shit . 
  i 've abandoned it when version 5 got out and used 2.7 for a long time after finding out about foobar . 
  the ui was laughable , but after some time i do n't think any other player could take its place . 
  it is a good idea , but sometimes i get myself in the skin of the other guy - sometimes i do n't want to get bothered by strangers when i 'm working , walking or waiting . 
  i read that somewhere ... 
  snorted stuff in school , mostly chalk , pieces of wall and similar . 
  the worst thing was that candy that pops when you but it in your mouth . 
  it was hell . 
  well , for money of course . 
  and instant fame . 
  pixies , rhcp and kyuss . 
  so ... much ... green ... 
  in my country it does , but only because beer is considered as food , not an alcoholic beverage . 
  he said unpopular . 
  while most people think it 's disgusting , i just got hungry . 
  imo san andreas is better , k-dst and radio x are both on my player .
