  that 's a lot of energy spent making something that wo n't be useful to anybody . 
  why do n't you , or anybody else with a knowledge of firearms make a real guide . 
  this passive agressive crap is getting on my nerves ... every journalist is bad , right ? 
   more pubs than people, 
  i do n't even plan to move , but this got me . 
  / packing his bags . 
  speaking as a human being , fuck israel . 
  hahaha , we did that to my friend once , except it was n't his birthday , he owed me money , and we shot him and dumped the body in the river . 
  otherwise the same thing . 
  i still have a pii box in the living room with windows 98se . 
  it 's mostly used for solitaire , age of empires and winamp . 
  i had the chance to replace the 10 year old machine , but it work perfectly and in it 's lifetime the only thing that crapped out was the hdd a couple of years ago . 
   motto : ye are welcome hither, 
  i did n't say we were smart back then , but your recommendation sounds great . 
  gon na try that . 
  a bottle of rum for ye matey !, 
  yarrr mateys , i 've got a keg ' o rum ready . 
  the army is not a problem for small countries , and it can stimulate the economy and actually do good stuff . 
  large military complexes are problems only in big industrialized countries where military production and spending have a big influence on the government . 
  i 'm very close to pacifism , but a standing army is a must . 
  an independent country ca n't depend on another for defense , because when shit hits the fan ( and history has tought us that it eventually does ) you 've got only yourself . 
  costa rica is in the us sphere of interest ( hm , is n't everyone ... ) so it has some kind of guarantee of safety , but some kind of a defensive force is needed . 
  there 's a quote i like : `` work like there will be a hundred years of peace , be ready like there will be a war tomorrow '' . 
  what does yugo have to do with it ? 
  it was made as a cheap car primarily , that 's it . 
  everything else was second . 
  it was my parents first car when they could n't afford anything else . 
  the parts were cheap and easily found , and anybody could replace them . 
  the only reason it was exported in the us was because one man had an idea . 
  not opposing . 
  only different than mine . 
  a small professional force , with a good degree of civilian oversight should n't make a problem . 
  i 'm not sure about panama 's geopolitical situation , but almost every country has some kind of a long term threat . 
  us has troops in panama , right ? 
  what if they try to overthrow your government or try to establish control over the canal in a deal with another country ... 
  it might be a dumb example , but i would n't be comfortable living in a country without proper armed forces . 
  if shit hits the fan tomorrow what will you do ? 
  what do you mean `` read all '' ? 
  i go to the front page , refresh and start again . 
  you must be german , right ? 
  pope john paul ii . 
  even shook my hand . 
  saw bush jr. a year ago ... 
  - internet history mostly . 
  ten years of usenet , irc and countless forums . 
  - flinging a fish at a singer on a concert . 
  it was a big concert , on the central square of a capital city . 
  - getting sued by deutche telecom . 
  - being expelled from a couple of schools . 
  - sued for copyright and other stuff . 
  - countless embaressing pictures on the web . 
  great show , but i could n't say it 's the best . 
  greatest ? 
  probably sopranos , mash , friends or seinfeld . 
  they are considered the best of all time , with the wire . 
  but my personal best ? 
  the sopranos have great depth , acting , story ... production is bar none . 
  simpsons and south park are funny and with great social commentary . 
  30rock is just funny and neatly packed in a short container . 
  notable mentions : my name is earl , scrubs , the new statesman , coupling and my personal best : only fools and horses . 
  you 're a little off . 
  here 's an old yugoslav saying that says a lot about the situation . 
  yugoslavia had 8 minorities , 7 neighbouring countries , 6 republics , 5 nationalities , 4 religions , 3 languages , 2 alphabets and 1 party . 
  there 's not a lot that unites a country like that . 
  yugoslavia was made only in the general interest of its peoples , but it failed once nationalism took over . 
  again , you 're off . 
  your perception is the one you can see on tv and hear in some small talk , but understanding the problem is much deeper and complicated . 
  it 's easier to put this as `` oh look , savages fighting each other '' than to explain what happens . 
  i 'm insulted by that , but i 'm not blind and i can see why people think so . 
  thank , i did n't notice that about the link . 
  no , i 'm not taking anything against you , but most westerners ( well , outsiders , not only from the west ) have a simplistic view of the situation . 
   somehow these three different citizens live in peace outside their countries and this tells me that unrest is only fomented by those who gain profit , a minority , not the civilians or normal people and on top on that there the religious difference and discrimination . 
  yup , that 's a big part of it . 
  but when figuring in history , nationalism , mentality and thousands of random events , everything becomes more complicated . 
   please do not think that i 'm part of an average/ignorant class of people who does not understand geopolitical problems , i do very well unfortunately . 
  nice to hear that . 
  i hate you lefties . 
  i never get what is the problem with that . 
  when i 'm in a public place i can be seen by people , a camera is the same thing . 
  it 's annoying , and a buzzkill , but i do n't see any legal , or `` orwellian '' problems with that . 
  i thought this was a kane quote , from c&c . 
  the wire has been incredibly hyped . 
  i 'm reading the posts here , reviews on sites , friend tell me ... 
  if it does n't blow me out of my socks i 'll be dissapointed . 
  think about it . 
  windows is more popular on netbooks , even ones that are available in two os configurations , and arm based linux netbooks are scarce and not so popular . 
  yes , it 's a good concept , but it is a niche ... 
  it 's still not popular . 
  do n't . 
  i reviewed it when it came out , it is a great phone , but from a last year perspective . 
  samsung omnia ii is a league better . 
  nokia n95 is a great phone , even you can , keep it . 
  buy a new battery , fix the case a little and keep it . 
  it 's really a special phone . 
  i used every single smartphone released in europe in the last 3-4 years and n95 was the best in its time . 
  i. . . never saw sliced bread . 
  bread they sell on the shelf . 
  should i be ashamed ? 
  me too , but i did n't buy the album . 
  i paid a price of over 3 albums for a concert ticket instead .
