   it can be argued that kosovo was part of serbia for over two centuries . 
  it is the historic heartland of serbia . 
  albanians are the majority there for more than two centuries , while there have been numerous attempts to drive them out . 
  first by taxes and intimidations , and recently by poverty and then war . 
  when the serious killings started in the end of the last century , the international community had to do something . 
  you forget that kosovo had a basis for the independence that was n't just ethnic . 
   the kosovo war should be seen as a civil war . 
  see it as you want , while you 're there , seach the kosovo war wikipedia page for `` civil war '' . 
   there was quite a bit of instigation from the usa&r ussia . 
  in the early 90s ? 
  what ? 
  let 's hear it , because i somehow falsly believed that the people of yugoslavia could n't live together anymore and that nationalism ate it from the inside . 
   they intervened in the internal affairs of another country . 
  yes , a humanitarian intervention , unlike iraq or afghanistan , they stopped the killings and forced the serbian army to retreat from kosovo , as well as stopped the kla attacks . 
  kosovo today is doing much better than before the intervention . 
   really ? 
  that that rights include waging an insurgency in any country where they are a minority ? 
  the nla surrendered and put down their arms almost 10 years ago , there were a couple of incidents after the ohrid agreement , but most of it is overinflated by the local government trying to score political points . 
  still , such insurgencies are wrong , no question about that . 
  autonomy and rights should be fought on the political battlefield , not with arms , and the macedonian government did n't pressure the albanian minority as the serbs did in kosovo . 
   actually , the blame for that is the army of srpska which is an irregular army made up of serbians who live in srpska . 
  an irregular army with mig fighter/bomber jets and mlrs systems ? 
  i wonder where they got the manpower , logistics , weapons and officers from . 
  they got their directions straight from belgrade , nobody is fooled . 
   they were just an enabler for the kla . 
  ( ... ) that way their kla allies can do the dirty work ( with minimal us oversight of course ) . 
  actually , during the bombing campaign ( 3 months ) the serbian army was still in kosovo , mostly killing civilians . 
  the kla did n't have much time to do the `` dirty work '' because nato forces entered the country less than a week after the bombing stopped and the serbian army retreated . 
  again , the kla were n't angels , but the serbian government was trying to force albanians out of kosovo , either by killing or intimidation . 
  the numbers stand behind that , as does the icty . 
  there have been kla soldiers and officers arrested and tried and there are more of them still wanted . 
  if you want proof that this is n't discrimination , look at the other icty cases . 
  some of highest profile cases are still opened because the international community does n't have the courage to do the right thing and arrest them . 
   by the way . 
  do n't you think that it is funny that the usa supports freedom for the albanian minority in kosovo , yet they armed and trained the georgian state to the teeth to attack the ossetia minority in georgia ? 
  no need to tell me that the us foreign policy is fucked up . 
   do you think kosovo should be an independent state ? 
  yes . 
  kosovo has a basis for its independence in the 1974 yugoslav constitution , the will of its people for self determination and the right of self defense from the country that harrassed it while in its de jure jurisdiction . 
   do you think ossetia should be an independent state ? 
  i have no idea . 
  what is the basis for their independence ? 
  is there a consensus for it ? 
  is there a historic argument ? 
  i 'm not sure if you noticed , but i 'm heavily against the us foreign policy and using its military for world policing , but the fact are straight here : the serbs ( their leaders to be more precise , i have nothing against a whole nation ) had a track record of war crimes , genocide and ethnic cleansing , and in more than one war or one country . 
  the us and nato gave an ultimatum to stop the organized mass killings or face the consequences . 
  the agression intensified and nato responded . 
  simple as that . 
   ( if you answer to these two questions differs you are a hypocrite ) . 
  if you breathe you are a hypocrite . 
  there , we settled that . 
  although looking at your racist and xenophobic comments and submissions i can see where you 're coming from . 
  what 's the difference between lawful and legal ? 
  if it 's illegal there is a way to do this today , isp 's have a legal obigation to follow orders from the courts . 
  no , and no fucking way i would . 
  i cringed on the first look of the trailer , heights suck . 
  over the top , awful pr . 
  people who believe crap like that deserve him for a pm/president/dictator . 
  oh look , it 's this topic again ... 
   surely it is time to leave this to the continental countries themselves , and the un and nato, 
  the uk is member of nato , un and eu , if the author forgot about that . 
  does anyone remember the comparison crash test of a ford f150 and a small car like the smart ? 
  it was a great video . 
  did ** anyone ** read alan ford ? 
  someone 's got the opportunity to make the first official ted stevens is dead joke . 
  appropriate username . 
  the state tries to make the best university they can get , to prepare the highest amount of people with the highest amount of knowledge for entering the workforce . 
  sure , you do n't get harvard grade education , but being 20th in the world for free is in my mind better than being second , but paying for it more than for your house . 
  for most people , private universities are just unecessary . 
  if done right , this could be a huge hit for android , sony and sony ericsson . 
  android would be established as the gamers platform of choice , sony would sell games like hotcakes and se would finally get in the big league , at least outside europe . 
  that 's one big if . 
  you 're about as useful as a marzipan dildo !, 
  expected witchcraft . 
  was not disappointed . 
  the only problem with mbv is that it 's so specific that you ca n't share it with anyone . 
  most people will think it 's noise and shut it off . 
  this song is easily in my top 10 . 
  i actually enjoyed the atlantics article , although it lacked some perspective on other courses of action , like diplomacy ( the brazil deal , for example ) . 
  i 'm not gon na choose friends on their music preferences . 
  although , i would like friends that know about mbv and other bands , i only know one person who likes ( or even heard of ) fugazi or husker du :(, 
  i actually enjoyed the atlantic 's article , although it lacked some perspective on other courses of action , like diplomacy ( the brazil deal , for example ) . 
  it is a little on the alarmist side , but not near as bad as everyone is saying today . 
  yesterday i saw it recommended on [ slate ] ( http://www.slate.com/id/2263594/ ) and thought is was better than most of the stuff i read . 
  i still stand by that , even though it 's not ideal . 
  he made the storyboard for iron man 2 . 
  i would love to see the thing . 
  disco ball, 
  if you will drink beer while taking a bath ... 
  i approve . 
  c'mon , salon and the atlantic ? 
  not really fox and cnn , now is it ? 
  i find both articles interesting in their own ways . 
  i actually sat a minute just staring at my monitor . 
  that is the magnitude of awesome this joke is . 
  jameson , jim bean , jack daniels ( this one got in the best ) . 
  also some canadian one i do n't remember the name of , but with a lot of coke , so it does n't count . 
  or is he dancer ? 
  new rule : do n't be a kid on the internet . 
  for the union !,
