come to europe demand non european food seems about right, 
  schengen or no schengen , border control and laws do n't mean jack , when you swing open the doors and wave `` refugees welcome '' signs , and let people in without even a medical exam let alone anything else . 
  everyone is trying to find a solution in the near future , and we need a solution yesterday . 
  national differences will always remain . 
  you ca n't exactly change a thousand years of history with an economic union that 's in its infanfcy, 
  i disagree , nations of europe should not be pressured into anything their people do n't want . 
  and overriding that and giving more power to the eu just drives a bigger wedge between the goverment and people . 
  if anyone needs to be pressured it 's the gulf states . 
  i can understand nobody wanting a large number of refugees on their doorstep , but not taking a single person in is just ridiculous given that they share similar culture and the same religion . 
  accepting everyone in the hopes that someday in the future an answer to this problem might arise is ludicrous, 
  this is n't just `` oh they 're muslims so we do n't want them '' you ca n't just take in people from a totally different culture and expect that no tensions will arise with the local populace . 
  european culture and values ( especially the liberal values ) are not compatible with the conservative muslim culture . 
  and while some of the refugees might be willing to accept the culture of their host country , many more will reject it as they have done previously in other countries with significant muslim populace . 
  people refuse to accept the fact that they just do n't want to be a part of the nation they 're living in . 
  rather they form their own communities that emulate conditions from which they escaped in the first place . 
  if you really want multiculturalism , then it has to go both ways , not just us adapting to them . 
  you call them refugees , i call them illegal immigrants and deserters . 
  refugees do n't get to pick and choose , and make demands . 
  why should any country put the needs of outsiders above the needs of it 's own people . 
  these `` refugees '' are being given homes and financial support while the locals are out on the streets begging , and dumpster diving . 
  call me nationalistic , racist , islamophobic all you want , but that is seriously fucked up . 
  my dad sold his zastava for 120 when i was a kid, 
  looks like my grandma has 6 more months to live . 
  well not to be a dick , but that just proves that most criminals are of a certain ethnicity . 
  those civilians really got blazed . 
  can we finally admit that having a large population of arab muslims ( arab being the keyword ) is n't a good idea since their culture and religion clashes with western ideology in a major way ? 
  i 'm all for peace , love , and tolerance , but it has to go both ways . 
  their culture is not yet ready to be integrated with the west and it 's silly to force people to be `` multicultural '', 
  a. . a muslim country ? 
  croatia is hr because we call our country hrvatska in our language . 
  try pronouncing that one ya anglophone bastards, 
  yep that did it . 
  reeeeeeeeeee, 
  slovenia could n't fit the number in the country . 
  here come the tiny slovenia jokes . 
  how do slovenian athletes warm up ? 
  2 laps around slovenia . 
  exotic . 
  are n't you just adorable, 
  people getting raped , and the police and media are walking on eggshells as not to offend anyone . 
  like if they mention that the perpetrator was of a certain skin color , the entire country could implode and collapse . 
  i 've been saying it for months . 
  because nobody wants any more migrants , and any politician saying `` send them back '' is committing political suicide , one country is gon na get the short end of the stick and will have all the migrants dumped in it . 
  looks like greece got the stick, 
  inb4 they exercise right through kiev, 
  * q : what color are slovenian police cars ? 
  * a : both of them are blue * q : how do slovenian athletes warm up ? 
  * a : 2 laps around slovenia * q : why did n't serbia bomb slovenia during the war ? 
  * a : they could n't hit it and then there 's the one about the passenger plane . 
  welcome to slovenian air sp ... welcome to austria . 
  on a related subject , now would be an ideal time to start selling illegal firearms in germany . 
  romanian dick jokes everywhere . 
  there 's a concrete wall in my town . 
  it 's about 120 meters long . 
  it cost around 200k euros . 
  i 'm just saying . 
  if people shot down your planes everytime you violated someones airspace , your airforce would consist of paper aeroplanes and a plastic bag in a gust of wind . 
  or do the 2244 incursions in 2014 into greek airspace not count ? 
  shoot them all down . 
  apparently that 's an appropriate reaction . 
  they still should n't have shot it down . 
  the funniest thing is , he 's playing right into the hands of terrorist scumbags . 
  they want europe to divide . 
  what better way to do that than to claim responsibility for every tragedy in which the perpetrators were muslim . 
  if they can make european muslims persecuted that means more muslims will join their cause . 
  at least in theory . 
  now more than ever do we require unity and determination to fight these daesh . 
  some bombings and a few raids into their territory wo n't make much of a difference . 
  we need to stop destabilizing that whole area and invest time , troops , and money to bring back order . 
  imagine if you will that after ww2 the us just pulled out of japan after the nukes . 
  how stable and wealthy would that country be today ? 
  they stayed there for like 30 years making sure the whole country got back on track and now we 're looking at one of the most prosperous countries in the world . 
  and most croats are pissed at the serbs , which are in turn pissed off at the macedonians etc. 
  we 're all struggling right now . 
  nobody can process this much people , especially when they refuse to go through the slow bureaucratic grinding wheel us croats are so famous for . 
  i think this is like a golden era for human trafficking . 
  i bet you can make a butt load of money right now . 
  all you need is a truck and knowledge of a backwater route to another country . 
  they just do n't want their people in finland when they finally try and invade again, 
  he just wanted to see if things there are as fucked as they are here . 
  in one video he claims that he 's currently living in estonia but that he 's not originally from there . 
  it really does n't matter though . 
  he is shashlik king, 
  who the fuck keeps giving brazil all the big events ? 
  all states are equal , but some are just more equal than others, 
  crazy how opinions on things change after 44 years . 
  laundry detergent is another big one . 
  the stuff i buy here , and the imported stuff from germany is a whole other thing, 
  went there on a school trip . 
  i was fucking around and took a tumble from that damn hill . 
  not a fun time, 
  the slipperiest of slopes . 
  basic income for everyone . 
  if no jobs are available , and everyone needs money , basic income is a must . 
  wait , people actually bought into the ok hand sign being racist ? 
  seriously ? 
  `` ca n't get anymore german than this '' dunno man . 
  i do n't see her placing beach towels on sun chairs at 6am to `` reserve '' them, 
  do n't people get offended over the actual english flag nowadays ? 
  like saint george 's cross is now somehow racist,
