terrorism , as the name implies , works based on terror and fear . 
  the current threat level across europe is n't `` very low '' , it 's actually high and security measures have been reinforced in the last months for a reason . 
  your point that poverty breeds extremism is valid , but i ask again : will taking 12k , 120k , even 1m , solve the problem ? 
  will we not inherit some of the problems as well ? 
  ( or are you that confident in the integration processes we have ? 
  it 's very hard to stop people from hanging out and eating with people they relate most with , obviously ) and if poverty brings extremism there , it also does here in europe ( have you ever seen the far-right so active ? 
  ) ; 12 million live below the poverty line in germany alone , and while it might be better to sleep in the street and to beg in europe than to `` work '' in some other countries does not mean the poorer among us should be considered in an acceptable position . 
  if our society is to grow into paradise , it must be gradually , step by step and never taking a step bigger than the leg . 
  if we had 3 % poverty and low unemployment i 'd be totally in favor . 
  but when we cant handle our problems properly i feel governments should proritize their nation and the ones that elected them . 
  20k die everyday of hunger worldwide and we must admit we can not solve that soon . 
  and if one day we hope to eradicate it , we need to be much stronger than we are right now , otherwise we are only creating more problems inside . 
  there 's more to education than getting a job after , the whole society benefits from it . 
  even if the guy across the street doesnt get a good job , i 'd prefer him educated . 
  and while loans could still ensure everyone gets an education , they would need to be made wisely ; i think the american way is worse because people leave college with the stress of having to pay it back with interest , and without a good-paying job an education could hinder you . 
  the australian system seems to be quite good since it doesnt discourage people from studying whatever they want and those that benefit the most from the education can pay it back without it being a burden . 
  i 'd rather be remembered as cold ( pr adjusted ) than to live a shittier life and suffer terrorist attacks , 100 % , or are you `` afraid '' of not looking so good in the picture ? 
  the average joe didn ; t want to destabilize the region , it was n't done because/for of us . 
  saving the world is a beautiful idea , and hopefully we 'll all live as one someday , but this inequality problem between the regions will not be solved by this ; the flow wont stop , the smugglers keep cashing in and isis keeps pumping fighters/preachers . 
  going to pick them there seems to be better for the host countries , but still doesnt solve anything, 
  you still think the world is based on expertise and not interests ... 
  enjoy while it has n't really sunk in your soul, 
  that 's geology, 
  signs of a clearly better designed religion, 
  you get the money , but you still have to spend it in the private businesses that survived and thrived that market . 
  vs the alternative where the government decides that for you , it seems to actually encourage a stronger private sector . 
  you had bi ? 
  as in , everyone was getting money from your government without any criteria for eligibility ? 
  how much was it ? 
  here in portugal alone we have 2 million people in bleak economic situations , like not even being able to afford one meal with fish or meat every 2 days or heating their home in the winter , let alone old people that die without affording meds . 
  hopefully it 's better in the north , but europe also has serious problems . 
  but how do you think the aid given to foreign people should relate to aid given to europeans ? 
  should there be a priority ? 
  a quarter of europeans are close to poverty , that 's 125 million within our borders ... 
  it 's so complicated . 
  he gives what he feels he can give without going bankrupt i guess . 
  or just gives whatever fits in his bowls . 
  you dont need to go all-or-nothing . 
  as long as the 100kg he gives are 100kg of eaten bread that help people . 
  here our summers arent that hotter than yours , a couple of degrees only , but in the winter there is a great difference . 
  we also have more sunny days ( 1200 hours a year lisbn vs brussels ) and less humidity . 
  it 's not just warmer , it 's better :p, 
  after how many do you think the ones left in africa and middle east will just stop coming ? 
  it 's not even like the family members and friends that are coming are going to motivate them to come too if given all the conditions ... 5 million and they stop ? 
  smuggling networks are making huge profits , and where is increase in demand of a service , there will be increase in supply . 
  so what 's your number ? 
  i would , 73 % of the ones arriving are men ( un numbers ) with muslim culture . 
  perfect targets for islamic propaganda when they clash with our culture or ca n't find women for themselves . 
  there have been reports of violence by them where they have passed , even in germany , i 'm sure i do n't even need to send you proof . 
  does it seem to you we are making wise choices ? 
  the population of africa is at 1 billion , and is predicted to quadruple until 2100 ( unicef ) . 
  400k have crossed the mediterranean this year alone ( un numbers ) and the rate keeps increasing . 
  german vice-chancellor said publicly that germany alone is willing to take 500k a year for `` some years '' . 
  do you doubt that with these policies we could get 100 million african/middle-eastern refugees with promises of housing and money from europe ? 
  i dont , but we wont because it will not be sustainable waaay before we reach that , but some people dont seem to believe it in the name of integration . 
  i was replying to / u/gulagdandy , read his post first and then read mine . 
  i do n't speak swedish , i 'm closer to morocco than scandinavia , yet i 've seen this post and can translate what i see of the newspaper . 
  showing this ridiculously open stance is making all the millions in the northern part of africa rush to europe through the smuggling network in the mediterranean that is supporting terrorism . 
  it 's not 1 million , it 's more like 100 million . 
  how have people completely forgotten the importance of migration policies ?!? 
  ikr , isis is made of people too and they ca n't all go by airplane . 
  in portugal and spain we have young people with european culture and blood , a good percentage already with university education and with a good level of english , going through some very hard times . 
  do you know what would we get in terms of housing and money if we just started going by the hundreds of thousands to northern europe ? 
  ( i honestly have no idea ), 
  yes , for a couple of seconds on air . 
  they come because they have reasons to believe that here everyone will give them everything they need . 
  when they start figuring out that it 's not so good , they 'll stop coming , and the smugglers empire will fall . 
  also ridiculously naive to think we can just bring all the poor people to europe ( as if 1/5 of the european population was n't already living below the poverty line with no dignity ) and all the social and economic problems will be solved . 
  reality seems to be hitting back pretty hard though ... 
  why do they have to put more clothes on ? 
  the article does n't really say anything . 
  you guys are particularly prolific though , and despite your apparent blindness i 'd bet you know what he 's talking about . 
  take the joke like a cis-man ( i 'm not even sure that 's correct and i do n't really care ), 
  religious tension *, 
  i 'm very skeptical about muslim communities specially due do the lack of flexibility of the religion when faced against different social norms , so i 'd be a lot more supportive if , for example once a week , the muslim community in western countries would make an effort to integrate and adopt the host 's norms ( women who are usually veiled dressed like a western women , eating local food and beverages wether alcoholic or not , etc ) . 
  would most be willing to sacrifice a tiny portion of the religious habits in respect to the people that built and maintain the societies they live in ? 
  a law has no value if no one enforces it . 
  that would not be the world we live in . 
  the argument is that the police is over-stretched as it is . 
  you call yourself a muslim because you call yourself a muslim ? 
  i hope you do n't mind me saying this , but jesus !, 
  way to dodge , son, 
  what defines you as a muslim when you do not fully know `` the basis of islam '' ? 
  if you want to adopt a critical mind-set , the first thing to question would be the action itself : `` why am i following this ? '' . 
  having to chant a book regularly since infancy is a great first step for losing the ability to analyse it ( as an adult ) in an unbiased way , that 's why most religions developed that practice . 
  you end up associating the words and ideas with the positive feelings the place of worship is built to give you , and you can no longer see the text for what it is . 
  you do n't need to be a muslim to follow the positive aspects of the kuran , like you dont need to be a christian to agree with some parts of the bible . 
  that 's what atheists/agnostics do . 
  and is there any particular parts of such book which you deem unacceptable , or do you believe and follow each and every word written in it ? 
  do you believe mohammed was the prophet of god ? 
  that the koran is the unquestionable word of god , and do you recite it regularly ? 
  let me offer you the opposite view : look not at the differences , but the essential , shared values of all branches of islam . 
  then see if that 's something you want in your city . 
  the difference for me is the nature of the attacks . 
  stoning police cars at sight is a pretty different thing from a significant chance of a random citizen being mugged . 
  the shocking thing is how this does not seem to be a temporary loss of control over those areas , but rather permanent areas with different laws . 
  that 's lost land . 
  you might get mugged or something , it happens in every city in the world . 
  but if something happens , you can call the cops , they will come and sort out the situation . 
  do you understand the difference between that and a no go zone ?
