  regardless of outcome , the fact it was won by westminster saying ` we will give you no favours , block you in the eu , and treat you like nothing more than a new rival ' damaged the westminster/scotland relationship beyond repair , esp now that most of those threats are impossible . 
  midas having everything he touches turn to gold is n't a positive , he killed the people he loved and could n't eat or drink . 
  trump is very much a midas if not in the sense of added value , then in the sense he will kill or destroy everything around him for the sake of gilt . 
  deir yassin was specifically picked because it was known for working closely with jewish settlers , its attack was a message that anyone could be hit , that nobody was safe . 
  also , survivors were taken to jerusalem to be paraded around the jewish quarter , after which they were executed . 
  so yes 100 % black and tans tactic of committing an attack to create as much terror among the population as possible . 
  no they 're too emotional and irrational to do something like that . 
  i think the issue is that ` nation ' has totally different connotations between then and now . 
  a nation is a group of people , so indeed the greeks were back then a ` nation ' - the definition you give from herodotus has n't really changed in all that time . 
  the nation-state is another issue entirely , and infact the nation-state has caused a lot of issues , because ` nations ' of people overlap in a way states can not , leading to ethnic cleansing , population exchanges ... 
  it 's certainly true that the greeks stand somewhat alone , but i think to a degree a lot of that has to do with the toxic politics of the past . 
  in a world where the idea of ` ethnic homelands ' was n't shoved down very heterogeneous regions , would things be so ` us and them ' ? 
  what if istanbul still had a large greek population , or the pontus , or if greece still had its historic turkish communities . 
  salonica and others come to mind . 
  a lot of peoples are ` alone ' because while they may have spent one or two or three thousand years living among others , they ended up finding themselves with no slice of the state pie in the 20th century , or shoved out of places they 'd lived for thousands of years to arrive at totally foreign ` homelands ' , that they find themselves alone . 
  assyrians and kurds come to mind as ` friendless ' in a political sense , nations without borders . 
  a great deal of the world was sterilised in the 20th century , to our loss . 
  surely more wights than others ... 
  did i say there was n't conflict ? 
  i 'm talking about the rhetoric . 
  comment was clearly about the rhetoric . 
  ukraine is n't ` defending civilisation ' aka western civilisation from eastern barbarians . 
  you 're arguing a strawman . 
  i say ukraine suggesting its conflict with russian proxies is defending civilisation is absurd bombastic hot air . 
  you say they need an army . 
  no shit , where exactly did i argue they did n't . 
  ` ukrainian army : protecting the borders of civilization ' can , uh , * anything * be discussed without someone lurching to other whoever we 're currently ` against ' ? 
  thanks ukraine for guarding the gates of civilization , i guess ... ? 
  has ukraine got the same pr agency as israel lol . 
  tories put party over country every time . 
  tories have the ego to believe the tories are the country and everything else is attached . 
  eu referendum held only to break the backs of the growing right of the party who cameron feared would jettison the party for ukip . 
  thought the remain would win and the vote would shut that wing of the party up . 
  may was ahead by 25 % points and used that moment to completely liquidate opposition . 
  nothing to do with needing a mandate for brexit , she is just power hungry and wants any distraction eradicated . 
  the ` tories ' are supposed to have one core belief , in the crown , which includes the house of lords , yet may hinted at getting rid of it because they discussed the brexit bill . 
  she ends up tanking because under scrutiny she 's atrocious and when covered fairly for the first time in 1\u00a01/2 years , corbyn is popular . 
  tories have rocked the country twice in under a year , for the sake of one leader wanting a tighter grip on their party , painted as national interest . 
  risk the future of the country over brexit , then risk the talks with this election . 
  fifty quid ... i should coco, 
  [ well this is a flag and state name i 've never heard before ... ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_of_the_ionian_islands ), 
  i remember looking through the atlas when a little kid and thinking greenland was so odd for their flag , seemed like ... idk otherworldly . 
   before that , the communists were completely inactive . 
  that 's a lie but okay . 
   there are political groups in armenia who support this view . 
  there are political groups in every country that believe fringe , unreasonable things . 
  even if turkey acknowledged it , that would not lead to such a degree of land exchange . 
  it would be an impossible task . 
  it does n't acknowledge it because it 's a house of cards . 
  admitting brings down dozens of established narratives about turkey , its creation , its people , the entire narrative . 
  this is n't unique to turkey , most countries ca n't deal with that blow to narrative . 
  the british ca n't admit they conducted a genocidal imperialism that - shock - did n't actually ` benefit ' the countries it took place in . 
  neither can the french , spanish , etc , nor can the germans admit that actually , only the tip of the iceberg of nazi atrocity has ever been properly ` laid to rest ' . 
  ultimately , however , turkey is other , turkey is asian , muslim , and did these things to ` european ' christians . 
  so european christians will not let you forget it like they forget their own history . 
  we should all remember , it was terrible and evil . 
  turkey should admit it but so should we all . 
   never heard of her . 
  dudes cracked jokes about it , he 's heard of it he is just peak dogshit liberal chauvinist . 
  she insinuated that if the lords ` obstructed ' the brexit bill [ ie meaningfully debated it ] they 're surplus to requirements . 
  things may does n't think are necessary when they actually do their job of scrutinising : * house of lords * supreme court not great . 
  the idea brexit , which is has no fixed meaning wrt what people even want from it , should n't be scrutinised by opposition parties with that scrutiny informing government approach , is imo pretty fucked up , ca n't dress that up in nicer language . 
  it passed . 
  you need 2/3 majority in the commons to overrule it and call an election . 
  the entire rhetoric around calling an election since brexit has been centred around the fact ` you ca n't do it and even if you can you should n't do it ' . 
  we legislated against the pm 's prerogative to hold a snap election , going against that one parliament in to its implementation , after saying she would n't , is very cynical on her part . 
  that speech he gave after the election was hilariously dark . 
  like , the coalition was such a bumble , suddenly does n't need to be in coalition for all of 15 minutes and he goes full nasty party . 
  westerner : erdogan is paranoid and using the west as a bogeyman to legitimise his rule . 
  westerner : we should partition turkey along the lines of this voter map i just saw right now , seems like a legitimate line maybe the west should concentrate on how poorly it has integrated turks into their countries that the diaspora effectively just won this election for erdogan . 
  as opposed to deciding a referendum is pretext to partition a country , with results as the border . 
   the turks praise ataturk for what he did and yet they give a leader more and more power whos betraying those ideals . 
  the cult of ataturk is chauvinistic , the giving of power to erdogan is modern political opinion . 
  they conflict but when you boil a man 's political life and aims to ` he is the father of turks and the turkish state ' you can do as you please because he 's become a cult figure and not a political one . 
  if you have to genocide multiple ethnic groups to achieve it then ` national ' and ` ethnic ' go hand-in-hand . 
  it may as well be ethnic when to be a ` turk ' means eradicating being an armenian , or a kurd , or a greek , or an assyrian ... you can split hairs on terminology but three genocides took place [ at least ] . 
  they followed ethno-religious-cultural lines . 
  the forging of the modern ` turk ' is the liquidation of several minority ethnic groups . 
  yes , those groups could give up everything - religion , culture , customs - to be ` turkish ' , you can yes , split hairs over ` ethnic ' but it does n't stand up . 
   today 's kemalism obviously does n't have any ethnic component to it . 
  tell the kurds that . 
  erm , it 's current affairs . 
  it 's dumb to decide that if you 're talking about the most powerful man on earth in contemporary politics you 've ` godwin 'd ' it . 
  if it 's a trite point , downvote . 
  your superiority complex is embarrassing and unfounded , even by reddit 's standard . 
  the late 50s/early 60s were old school in the 70s lol, 
  this is hilarious thanks for sharing . 
  is this a joke ? 
  your argument is effectively an ad hominem argument considering the post ie the argument is ` yuri gagarin 's achievement happened today ' and your rebuttal is to bring up the gulags , ie to attack the argument by attacking the character of the ussr . 
  god , why is it that whenever someone mentions a logical fallacy they 're usually abusing it , misusing it , or guilty of it themselves . 
  oh and they always bring up how rational they are . 
  the argument ` going into space does n't count because gulags ' is n't rational , sorry . 
  most countries became christian because in insincere baptisms of kings . 
  a large proportion of baptisms today are for the social importance rather than a spiritual one [ getting into church schools , etc ] . 
  british history lessons are a mix of learning about some classical civs , the tudors , and depending on the school , something like the renaissance etc , but it 's more like ' a window into their society ' than strict history . 
  you only really get 20th century stuff past the age where it 's compulsory and then it 's either russian revolution , cold war , rise of hitler ... there 's certainly the time to fit it in , but it is n't . 
  this is where brits betray themselves . 
  the irish were as much a part of the uk as england , scotland , or wales on paper , but rhetoric then and now makes it clear the irish were a subject and lesser people . 
   there were better hygiene practices due to religious practices and beliefs myth . 
  the black death reached mecca .
