  the current third party is there solely to break up the country . 
  two parties govern , the third is a pretence or there to further breaking up the country . 
  the third party in the two-party system is democratic garnish so we feel better between oscillating between two westminster factions . 
  everyone hates referendums . 
  you cite switzerland when their system is totally different and probably more than any country i can think of , it has evolved symbiotically with the state . 
  we are a representative democracy , with limited in-built participant/direct democratic institutions . 
  it 's bollocks for a country that does n't even elect local people to school boards for them to then within 3 months be expected to brush up on whether to leave the eu or not . 
  jesus christ even the ` political commentators ' were scrambling on results day to figure out what ` article 50 ' is - wow apparently it means there 's like a process to leaving - might have been a useful piece of info to have before the vote ? 
   brexit literally happened because the eu did n't give a shit about the opinions of the people mate it 's not the eu 's job to worry about bruised british ego . 
  effectively every reason i 've heard for leaving the eu , has n't got anything to do with the eu . 
  whether it 's late defra payments to farmers or bins not being collected weekly anymore . 
  british politicians used the eu as a fig leaf for everything they did but did n't want the blame for . 
  brexit is the definition of feels over reals . 
   the eu is undemocratic . 
  it 's a body that covers most of the continent , it ca n't straw poll every time it feels like changing fishing policy . 
  it 's a representative democracy , just like the uk is . 
  you elect a person , they go off and represent you . 
  that the british never gave a toss about their meps and just sent a bunch of - lol - ukip members off , is on us . 
  our lack of participation in the eu , leads to feeling disengaged , leads to feeling it 's undemocratic . 
  it was always there for us to engage with , we did n't . 
  instead we blamed it for straight bananas and fortnight bin collections . 
  i hate a lot of what the eu does and outright laugh at it now being presented by some remainers as like , a liberal utopia , but the argument it did n't care about the english man on the street ... according to the papers they did n't , and politicians who did n't want the buck stopping with them . 
  we 'll see in a decade how nothing changes , but instead gets worse , and people feel even less engaged . 
  i 'm gon na be sick that the uk yabba-dabba-drew over fred flintstone . 
  yesterday it was a really messy blob , like , not even a flag , just an incorrect line salad . 
  now they 're trying to get it looking correct but ... the absolute state of it . 
  on checking they 've made another flag ... where the first was to replace the second ... oy vey . 
  i laughed at : germany rushing france france running away to make a flag just above it then deciding that was n't very nice , and both sides creating the eu flag as a sorry where it happened to cover it up . 
  like ... we just saw the actual replaying of history lmao . 
   have you seen the state of the uk 's flag ? 
  the degree to which these flag crowd projects are mirroring their actual countries is staggering . 
  it 's like you 're actually able to sense the national psyche at work . 
  the uk 's looks like brexit feels . 
  i was hoping when the uk 's migrating east caused it to become a nordic cross , iceland would nab it - no such luck . 
   i believe that under sharia law , the taliban fighter would be allowed to have been shot . 
  [ thanks for the judgement , sheikh ] ( http://i.imgur.com/yoektsd.jpg ), 
  lol the eu 's remit is n't to encompass all of europe . 
  what even is europe , is the eu looking to admit russia and kazakhstan ? 
  ` europe ' is a political concept . 
  what is and is n't europe depends on what people feel is and is n't europe . 
  the fact we talk if ` eastern europeans ' and not ` western europeans ' , who are just europeans , makes it clear it 's a tiered , fluid - emotional and political - concept . 
  this metropolitan rhetoric that immigrants are inherently better than the working-class they 're brought in to undercut , who bring culture for us all to enjoy [ read , a few to consume ] , contrasted to a horde of degenerates who make one rethink eugenics , is why we got brexit in the first place , so maybe drop that . 
  the most die-hard supporter of brexit in my circle is somali . 
  so not only is the rhetoric toxic , but ridiculous . 
  just like the other reply saying their indian mother reads the mail . 
  while i think the argument is ridiculous , i would say that planting a population to displace demographically another is a tactic of genocide . 
  it is in essence colonialism with the intent of the planted to displace the others . 
  like i said , the idea of erdogan trying to plant turks in europe to outbreed them is absurd even if he did say it , but genocide is n't just the literal killing , it 's broadly the destruction of an ethnic group in part on in whole . 
  a scenario where group a arrives in region b to ` outbreed ' group b to effectively add it to the sphere of region a , with that as the intent , is genocide . 
  ` we should move to x and have more kids than them and have kids with them to bring them into our group so there is no more of them ' is genocide , if the intent is to actively destroy a group . 
  having a grandparent who was x does n't really matter at that point , it certainly does n't matter in turkey where many turks are ethnically greek . 
  for one , i imagine someone at a tourist attraction , with a selfie stick , is n't british . 
  this is so funny ` this wo n't frighten us ' `` actually i am '' ` lalalalala no you 're not , bad opinion , we 're not scared ' this need for the ` stiff upper lip ' is so laughable , why do people have to pretend they 're part of some unending tradition of blitz spirit because some mug ran over some tourists and stabbed a copper . 
  brits on here going ` i 'm a mile away from this ... ' it 's central london , so are like , at least a million people . 
   people are carrying on like tourists next to the scene is using your selfie stick to take a pic of yourself in frame with people who 've been mown down by a car really an example of the british stiff upper lip , or being a dickhead . 
   that 's not fear mongering well ,  fearmongering  noun : fear-mongering  the action of deliberately arousing public fear or alarm about a particular issue . 
  how is that not the case ? 
   it would be unfair to just lie about that and convince them otherwise . 
  it would be a lie if it was absolutely the case that the uk was going to block scottish eu membership . 
  it was n't absolutely the case . 
  it was said to intimidate voters , there was no reason and is no reason other than for that reason . 
   then none of this would have happened funny considering the referendum party was founded by goldsmith before blair even got in power , and major was dealing with euro rebels who paralysed his party . 
  people who voted for brexit felt neglected by westminster , and westminster had spent decades insisting any problems were because the eu would n't let them . 
  regions unaffected by ` mass immigration ' voted for brexit . 
  regions affected by ` mass immigration ' voted against it . 
  the likes of ukip may have dogwhistled to baser instincts with threats about immigration , but the fact is that anti-eu sentiment has been a very major force in british politics since the 90s . 
  the tories were paralysed by it from the early 90s until cameron was elected and insisted they just shut up about the issue getting power was what mattered . 
  then to save his own hide he caved into that faction . 
  the idea that it 's because of mid-00s e.european immigration when the tories had already at this point been paralysed as a party over europe for close to a decade is just false , or a case of poor recollection . 
  that 's not how democracy works . 
  obviously it is though . 
  votes of the political proportions of brexit should require a large majority like 55 % to leave , and nation-defining votes should have it written in that they 're once-in-a-generation decisions . 
  if leave had failed in the brexit vote , they would have said it was bent and just pushed for another vote . 
  scottish independence lost by a reasonable proportion and even before brexit there was talk of another one . 
  these existential questions that burn in people do n't just leave when the vote is over , whoever lost just keeps pushing for another . 
  in that sense , scottish independence is just a matter of time because snp will never decide ` the people have spoken ' . 
  are referendums really a matter of ` the people have spoken ' ? 
  if we keep rehashing them until they are fulfilled . 
  there 's a reason referendums are thought of by political scientists as a load of tosh used by despots and dangerous tools . 
  the moment scottish independence was put on the table , it was the case that it will only be taken off by independence . 
  same goes with brexit . 
  well , that did n't really happen , and clinton won the popular vote by millions with the electoral college making it irrelevant . 
  i get what you 're saying , but a major point of snp 's scottish independence was based on quick eu membership , and a major point of the westminster union movement was ' i should coco - we 'll block it ' . 
  ca n't deny brexit has totally turned the political status quo upside down and inside out . 
  it 's not as if sturgeon is being cynical , this is n't some non-point it 's a pretty huge point . 
  or rather , yours is . 
  most people would consider the 90s to be ` recent history ' . 
  british national identity is dead . 
  all we 've got now is english nationalism masquerading as british , and the other nations either bowing to westminster or nursing their own national movements in reaction . 
  my fave bit of scaremongering was explaining to the scottish people that 'd be better off in the uk to the equivalent of one bag of chips a week . 
  are you suggesting saying scotland would recieve no favours , there would be no special treatment , they would be like any other country - except that things like north sea oil ownership would be challenged , eu membership would be blocked , was just saying ` c'mon lads we 're a team , lets stick at it ' ? 
  ... because it was n't . 
  the same people who were for brexit and complaining about ` project fear ' were during the scots indy ref themselves the pushers of ` project fear ' . 
  the fact is that referendums have always been known to be extremely politically messy , ` undemocratic ' despite the matter of them being ` direct democracy ' . 
  easily manipulated by outside forces and not simply the conscience of individual citizens delivered to the ballot . 
  populist tool and not much more . 
  that blair and then cameron were so blase over the issue is testament to the fact that both believed themselves to be sophisticated media/opinion manipulators who could simply create the narrative they desired . 
  blair was heavily criticised for his referendums . 
  cameron , little knock-off that he is , thought he could media manipulate just like blair . 
  the scottish referendum was total fear tactics .
