sry sir , but it seems to me that canada has made a prior reservation . 
  although i can agree with you on that point if i take stalin and lenin in consideration , all in all , no individual or group deserve to be bought bullied and treated like shit , even the russian / s, 
   nobody is going to die from ~ ~ drinking ~ ~ smoking a ~ ~ glass of coke ~ ~ cigarette once a day or so ( unless you 're a ~ ~ diabetic ~ ~ lung disease sufferer i guess but you get my point ) . 
  you see why that wo n't work . 
  do n't get me wrong , i agree with you completely and i will always advocate for more personal freedom but that takes personal responsibility as a factor , and discipline and personal responsibility is what the great majority of humans lack . 
  all in all i 'm torn between applauding the initiative on principle and disagreeing with the invasion of civil and personal liberties . 
  personally a far better law would be banning any beverage bigger than 1l being sold . 
  it is basically useful if you have a big house and do n't use all the rooms on a daily basis and want to reduce cost on the heating bill . 
  just crank it up to five ( or what is comfortable ) in the bedroom and living quarters and low 2 on the unused rooms . 
  edit : they are n't much help in an apartment, 
  man , the only thing oligarchs will trickle down is dingle-berries, 
  wait , are you telling me that the [ trickle down ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/trickle-down_economics ) effect used to justify preferable treatment offered to millionaires and billionaires was total bs with no factual basis and unproven in the decades that it was put in practice ? 
  sir , i find it hard to believe you / s, 
   2 people and a horse that would still make it 2 people and 1 horse more than moldova . 
  if i were n't so poor , i 'd give you gold . 
  you made my day . 
   it 's kind of normal for kids to play with toy guns and weapons moldova user flair checks out . 
  btw  it 's kind of normal for kids to play with ~ ~ toy ~ ~ guns and weapons ftfy, 
  lots of people converted to cable in the mid 2000 , but never took down the old satellite dishes since it would cost money , would/is dangerous and is a pain/hassle . 
  unless they pass a law stating to take them down ( probably in the event that an old one falls down and kills someone ) they will remain there . 
  the pink one has all the dishes taken down exactly because they were not in use anymore . 
  since workers did the facade and had to take them down anyway , they never installed them back . 
  edit : blue block just got a paintjob . 
  pink block got thermoisolation work done also, 
  retroactivity only applies for penal law . 
  pure civil cases do not benefit from it . 
  in this case the eu marked fraudulent behaviour , and as such can legally ask for back-tax i.e. 
  tax that should have been paid but has not been ( yet ) --  in legalise , a return to the correct state of events . 
  the last time europe applied a coercive economical measure against the us ( and a reasonable one at that ) i.e a chicken egg tax back in the 70 's , vw disappeared from the us market in just 18 short months folowing us economic retaliation . 
  fucking cuba would be better . 
  at least the beaches are nice and the weather is pleasant, 
  funny how after that dude in niece killed al those people , the same media that piss on my country kept making sure everyone knew the attacker was a french citizen of tunisian descent/origin funny how you guys can distinguish citizenship from ethnicity when it 's convenient, 
  yeah , but the law states that for it to be considered begging , and as such a punishable offence , it has to be a repetitive action , done over a longer period of time and be responsible for a large amount of the person 's personal income . 
  by that definition , the richest 1 % of the population could start begging daily and it would be perfectly legal . 
  just shameful as fuck, 
  you ca n't outright force people to change . 
  it will set a bad precedence . 
  but forcing minute obligations that push beneficial change is advised . 
  make sure they do n't take their kids out of school . 
  make sure they register their marriages and declare their children . 
  punish those who 's children are caught stealing/begging etc. 
  strictly enforce these measures . 
  do n't ban begging . 
  it will set a very bad precedence since asking for help ( even monetary help ) is and forever should be a guaranteed human right . 
  what you should do is set steep fines for the people caught giving money to beggers . 
  ( this will pretty much only affect those who give money to strangers , in person , cash and in public ) . 
  it will not affect ngo 's , helpful foundations and those who lend/give away money in private . 
  i believe the nordic countries have such a precedent with prostitution where hooking is legal , but soliciting the services of a prostitute is a misdemeanor, 
  i wo n't even look back past the 1900 's let 's check out more recent history . 
  now please tell that to the iranian people who have been reaping the benefits of british petroleum contributions that would make eu countries jealous . 
  by milking india ? 
  and maybe the americas also . 
  on a side note , why is the louvre one of the world 's most famous , biggest and most packed museum . 
  maybe because it 's full , among other things , with italian art taken during military campaigns ? 
   there was an interview recently about just how safe things are here can you hit me up with a link pls, 
  for true misery , both of you should check out romania , where the summers are hot ( can reach 40 + ) and winters are freezing ( can go as low as -30 ) . 
   most leave voters do n't support that agenda . 
  most leave voters could n't even define what an agenda is . 
  no seriously , i am not trying to make fun of the uk voters , we have the same kind of voters here in romania , albeit in a slightly smaller proportion ( they never cross more than 38 % of the voters ) so i know and share the pain . 
  to sum it up , most leave voters will push for any agenda , so long as it 's sensationalist , emotion driven , `` patriotic '' and airbrushed to perfection . 
  then they will lament over the consequences until the next election . 
  rinse and repeat, 
  knew soe dudes from bucharest . 
  they made fuck tons of money . 
  had like 3-4k euro corporste card alawance to spend on clients , mandatory monthly spending and huge salaries and bonuses . 
  worked in telecom . 
  now they could aford any anb all weed . 
  the best weed but they heard a talks that all the weed in bucharest is filled with peaticides and chemicles . 
  so they said : fuck , we should grow some , so we can smoke organic herb . 
  we gots to be careful what we puts in ous bodies . 
  so these dimwits buy seeds ( which is legal ) and search for remote areas in parks all around bucharest . 
  they plant the shit and mark the coordinates on theys smartphonrs . 
  they went back couple of months later for harvest . 
  found more than half of what they planted . 
  last time i went to zagreb in dec 2011 studenta where smoking openly on the streets . 
  the funny thing was that we went with our hosts to a club and it snowed heavily by the time we got out to go home the whole scenary had changed and we were kinda lost . 
  so we asked a girl by chance to lead the way to the campus . 
  she was ao baked the whole way she told us the same story 3 or 4 time . 
  each time i was . 
  wow , realllyy ? 
  do tell . 
  i think romania is the only exception . 
  and to get drugs you need to know a guy who knows a guy that can hook you up . 
  or be part of a casual drug using circle . 
  either way , 20-25 e a gram of weed , 5 euros a pre made joint ( heavy on the tobacco ) etc. 
  law enforcement takes this shit very seriously . 
   600 million street value . 
  actually that 's gross value since a gram of cocaine is about 100 euros in romania . 
  it 's somewhat less in bucharest where most of the cocaine is sold , but that still puts the whole lot at above 1.2 billion euros street value at a bargain price of 50 euros a gram . 
  i perfectly agree with you , and here 's the thing that pisses me off to no belief . 
  even though the gypsy minority in romania ( about 3-4 % of the population ) is the one that is responsible for the majority of begging , petty crimes , grave robbing ( really , last month in italy , 200 000 euro worth of damages in bronze statues and grave art ) , the media , with the most notable example the uk media , they all portray us as gypsies . 
  they are public opinion formers ( by definition ) and they know what they are doing . 
  and the confusion is irritating in of itself ( regardless of crimes and association with criminals i.e. 
  a nation of criminals , beggers , freeloaders etc etc etc ) . 
  do n't believe me ? 
  fine , take this example : how pissed of would the austrians be if we decided to full out call them germans in our media , in all our media and in international ones too . 
  how about calling the belgian french ? 
  or ivory coast inhabitants french citizens simply because they speak french . 
  i could go on and on and on and on, 
  more than the italian mafia , both in italy and the usa ?
