  we all know that you ca n't really `` cure '' a homosexual person and neither could the s.u , but it had a great effect stigmatizing homosexuality in the broader society . 
  those views did n't change in change 1991 . 
  even in 2011 , people still have n't learned to be tolerant against disabled people . 
  you do n't see many wheelchairs on the streets of contemporary tallinn , and even if a tallinner was confronted with one who could use a hand in something , he or she would at best give a pitiful look at the person and move on in even faster pace without doing nothing to resolve the situation . 
  homosexuals , however , wanted to change their image and they did it by organizing their first gay parade on the streets of tallinn in 2004 . 
  they were greeted with angry mobs with sticks and fists as we can see from croatia 's example . 
  fortunately , they did n't stop there and have kept on parading . 
  in that window of 7 years , most tallinners and even most estonians have grown pretty tolerant against sexual minorities . 
  you would probably ask why gay pride and not some other measure . 
  well , if two openly gay persons were to hold hands while walking through tallinn in 2000 , they were given the same looks as did the disabled people in my former example . 
  the difference is that sexual minorities happened to give a considerable outcry towards the overall society through gay parades and nowadays people have learned to tolerate them . 
  i guess there are n't many problems in contemporary germany concerning sexual minorities , and eventually those gay prides could get rather annoying , but currently we are not really discussing sexual intolerancy in berlin , are we ? 
  i think i can answer for iceland 's relation towards the wl . 
  in 2009 , before wl 's leaks of that helicopter video and u.s cables , when wl was still relatively unknown , some icelandic whistleblowers working for those banks that had caused country 's economy to plummet , leaked some files to wl which detailed the inner working of those banks . 
  that in turn caused a great media blow to the icelandic government , which eventually was forced to resign . 
  thanks to this , wl and julian assange were treated as gods and they eventually got to write iceland 's new media law . 
  this was a big deal in reddit ( assuming author of op-s image is a redditor , too ) and everyone thought of iceland being practically owned by the wl , hence the association . 
  there are various reasons that make up the whole . 
  most of the russians do n't know estonia had been a country and even a republic on it 's own before the wwii , therefore they think estonia has always been part of russia , and as such they do n't really understand why estonia should be given a right to exist . 
  in the soviet days , more than 300 000 russians were brought to estonia in a process called russification . 
  it 's goal was to simply eradicate all the estonians ( also happened to latvians and so on ) , our language and simply make us russians , while our elite ( scientists , artists , intellectuals etc. ), 
  was deported to gulag to die . 
  after the fall of s.u , we had about 400 000 russians living here , which at the time was about 30 % of the total . 
  we did n't kick them out , but unless they spoke our language or had n't already been carrying estonia 's citizenship prior to wwii , they were n't granted estonia 's passports . 
  if they wanted to succeed under the new set of rules , they were finally forced to learn the language . 
  20 years forwards , and statistics show about 100 000 of them have n't still learned estonian , hence they are n't rightful citizens ( although they can travel freely along the schengen boarders ) . 
  their situation is n't that good ( especially for those who happen to live in areas to the east ) , but for those how actually know the language , we work side by side and we are friends with them . 
  companies , even the ones owned by estonians , do not care whether where the worker comes from as long the work gets done . 
  that , however , does n't mean russian 's living russia see the situation in such light . 
  they think russians living in estonia are being highly discriminated against , and hence , their living conditions should be improved by force from outside . 
  truth is that russians living in estonia are way better off and visas granted to russian workers from russia has been rising steadily since the 2000s . 
  during the wwii , after germans had taken the place from russians ( who in turn took the place from us ) , most estonians sided with nazis because we had already seen the full wrath of bolshevik power ( first wave of deportation had been carried out ) , and for us , the nazis seemed like a lesser evil . 
  we did n't know about the nazi concentration camps nor did we have anything against the jews . 
  we just wanted our freedom and germans promised us independence for fighting with them , while russians did not . 
  although wwii ended for russians when hitler got what he deserved , but since we had lost our freedom , the war had never really stopped for us , and therefore , we do n't really cherish the day when berlin was conquered in a way russians do . 
  thanks to the kremlin fed media , russia today and other channels alike , most russians to this day think we are nazis and have n't still learned our lesson , and should instead be given one . 
  although i agree , there is nothing to fear as long as putin and his fellows stay in power , but should there be some kind of nationalistic uprising ( read about nashi ) , then we indeed have much to lose and even more to fear for . 
  tell it to russia . 
  :-) just because i have estonian blood flowing through my veins , i regularly receive quite sensical and fairly thought provoking replies . 
  [ for example ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/hm1dg/til_that_between_1979_and_2011_there_were_20478/c1wj4wu ) . 
  no one . 
  i 'd suppose the best thing to do is to prove our worthiness through economical , political and cultural integration while also keeping supporting more initiatives such as [ this one ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nato_cooperative_cyber_defence_centre_of_excellence ) . 
  it indeed does sound like selling ourselves out , however , if we are good enough to be building power plants in the u.s and in the middle east ( thanks to befriending with the u.s , i assume ) , then the tradeoff does n't look that unfair at all . 
  fighting two wars thousands of kilometres away from our homes is n't really helping us either in that regard . 
  on the other hand , if russia grew strong again , and there would n't be no support coming from nato just because we decided to stay neutral and/or not to help them , then who is to say russia would be recognizing our neutrality . 
  so i guess in long-term we could be having far more serious problems than todays 47th spot in global peace index . 
  i 'm not sure where you got your geography lessons , but really , estonia is not an island . 
  also , the weather would be so much nicer somewhere in the pacific . 
  ca n't we netizens just put our eggs into a basket , buy an island somewhere , and then announce the republic of internet ? 
  i agree with what you are saying , but i think the real reason why you do n't see many europeans fighting for american rights lies in the fact that mainstream american media still portrays it 's land as a place of opportunity , wealth and success ; while it 's value has clearly taken a toll after starting those completely unjustified wars against afghanistan and iraq . 
  if americans can still keep up fighting two wars at the same time thousands of kilometres away from their home , then they surely are n't need of a help ( read : to be sympathized with ) , are they ? 
  thanks for explaining , i did n't know that . 
  do they save data gathered from those cameras though ? 
  seems as if this could be leading up to a enormous privacy breach eventually . 
  is there are a difference between `` average speed tracking cams '' and speed tracking cams ? 
  if not , then you do n't usually know about their whereabouts , and since gps lists are often useless , there could be other methods how to defy those absurd speeding laws ( well , at least here ) . 
  any counter-measures would obviously be rendered useless if you are n't ever able to exit their vision , but currently there are n't that many of those watching us . 
  it would be economically unwise to cover all the roads in a country with speed cameras . 
  i 'm extremely bad at laws , but for an example , if i were to build an application to my xphone which uses object recognition to scan for animals on the road ( but also speed cameras ) , and `` market '' that as `` ianimalavoid '' , then would they be fining me for such app ? 
  i am wondering how would they be combating something like that . 
  would they be banning all cellphone and/or app use in phones ? 
  technological progress always seems to be few steps of ahead of law makers , so i guess in theory we 'll be safe ? 
  also , change from 2 * to 3 seems a lot higher than a change from 10 to 12 . 
  i guess the issue is purely psychological . 
  * using random numbers that have no ties to the gas prices whatsoever . 
  this matter would be still presented to us sometime in the future , with or without tunisia . 
  what scares me the most is how he was tracked down . 
  [ new york times wrote ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2011/05/02/world/asia/02reconstruct-capture-osama-bin-laden.html ) that a information gathered from one of guantanamo bay prisoners led to finding one of osama 's couriers , which in turn led to osama 's whereabouts . 
  now , when u.s government could finally say that it functions as it should and that proves it necessity , it wo n't be ever closed down . 
  how are such methods not immoral and what really differs us , the west , from those we seem to have disagreements with ? 
  good luck with that . 
  our government tried this too by banning about 100 online casinos in 2009 ( those who had n't registered their business in estonia ) , and consequently failed miserably . 
  people found at least 13 different methods how to bypass the blocking . 
  one trick was to just use the ip instead of url . 
  now , eu is n't really known for it 's achievements in the it , yet they still think they are be able to figure that out all by themselves ? 
  i 'm not quite sure about the legal proceedings you asked for , however you could ask that directly from an employer when applying . 
  there seems to be a rather active scene in [ berlin ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/business/0,1518,758097,00.html ) . 
  also , [ skype ] ( http://jobs.skype.com/ ) is constantly looking for people . 
  maybe that 's just the problem ? 
  who really ca n't get anything done ? 
  i 'd vote for arnie . 
  okay , we 'll just start referring to you as post-viking nations and then call it a truce ? 
  honestly , i can not see how something like that could be useful for anything . 
  companies can just give out any data when ordered to . 
  unless of course those companies happen to originate from the u.s , thus avoiding the french law . 
  then wake up and accept that we 're living the 21st century where internet actually matters . 
  as we 've already seen from last year , when during the china incident , hillary clinton amongst the others , publicly advocated google 's agenda . 
  european countries ca n't just afford to bury their heads in the sand this time . 
  most people use the same login password for everything , now imagine if every website/web service dealing with the french internet users stopped from hashing the passwords , and then one of them got hacked . 
  just because some backwardish law in france , not just french , but people from around the world might be finding themselves in danger . 
  are you guys also having competitions on the ice ? 
  i was thinking that if we sent our best car and you sent yours , then we could totally call that '' * ice racing world cup * '' , amazing finnish , swedish , norwegians , americans and redditors in the process . 
  well , it 's nice to see the place you live on gets featured by the bbc  ice roads are celebrated by all the islanders , because for a mere month once in 2-3 years people are n't at last required to pay almost ridiculous ferry prices to one of the most evil , monopolistic and corrupt businessperson estonia has ever seen . 
  so in contrary to the usual dark mood that 's also synonymous with harsh estonia 's winters , ice roads bring a sudden flash of light into our daily lives ; henceforth , all of a sudden we 're expected to accomodate all of our friends , relatives and also their friends who all are coming from the mainland just try out ice roads and well , to booze . 
  the ice roads are somewhat stigmatized by foreigners , though . 
  we had few british coming in to a business meeting few years ago , and since the sea had frozen up to a point where ferries were no longer in schedule , the brits were forced to use the ice road . 
  and indeed , they took up the challenge . 
  only problem was that it took them more than 2 hours to cross that 25km strip of ice . 
  as we learned later , they had n't dared to take up speeds greater than 20km/h , and they had also gone through the whole ordeal having their car doors open for the whole time . 
  i have never seen such pale faces before or after .
