  let 's not go over 100c , shall we . 
  i think i 've located the problem . 
  well put . 
  i 'm afraid this all goes even further . 
  the occupation that took place 1721 - 1918 could n't really be comparable to the soviet union because all administrative , legal and educational matters were still left to be handled by germans . 
  something that they used to be doing since 13th century . 
  also , we accepted capitalism quite enthusiastically between those periods ( 1918 - 1939 ) as before wwii our gdp per capita well exceeded even finland 's . 
  so my only real theory is that this stigma was created after 1941 , when germany retook us from russia ( 1939 -1941 ) . 
  at the time , we also knew what we were up against , as over 30,000 estonians had already been deported to siberia in 1941 , and so most estonians thought they could regain their independence through aligning their forces with german army . 
  although the mentality in those forces was pro-estonian , it never was pro-nazi ( un later on acknowledged that ) . 
  in 1944 , russians came back and that was that . 
  i just ca n't see how this all translates to contemporary world where we 've once again accepted capitalism , and we even have growing support for a party that is leaning heavily towards scandinavian social-democratic model ( i think that 's a first among post-soviet countries ) . 
  could it be that the kremlin is just trying to shift focus from it 's own innerproblems to us , just because , well , we fought `` for '' the nazis in the wwii , and is basically looking for a scapegoat ? 
  so in another words ... 
  in the eyes of russians , most of the western world could be easily classified as fascist ? 
  yet , thanks to kremlin propaganda , majority of russians living in russia truly think that all estonians are fascists . 
  i 'm not quite sure what to make out of this . 
  edit : clarity . 
   random websites why are you on reddit then ? 
  it 's credibility should n't be too high considering how ugly it 's design is , compared to , well , digg . 
  even more , does fox news deserves more credibility because they have hired bunch of webdesigners to give their sites a beautiful look ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  it is about the content , and whether sources for those articles are legitimate and verifiable , not about shiny gradients and deep shadows . 
  although i would 've also appreciated seeing his credentials popping up somewhere in irisheconomy.ie , but you have to understand here that the usual readership consists of mainly irish ( as the author is talking about irish matters ) , and they probably already know who karl whelan is . 
  i do n't think a phd from mit goes unnoticed even in ireland . 
  besides , clicking on his name will get you to the sites about page , which links to his karlwhelan.com domain that includes all the relevant credentials . 
  i call this laziness from your end . 
  challenge accepted !, 
  [ forever alone , i guess . 
   it 's about geostrategic advance over oil resources . 
  what about denmark , belgium and norway then ? 
  / r/snackexchange has to be the cutest sub-reddit of all . 
  thank you for doing this , 
  estonia : free health care is provided for anyone who either works , is under 18 , has reached their retirement age , is pregnant , or proves that he is looking for a job while being unemployed . 
  it 's all covered by social tax , 33 % , of which 20 % goes to pension funds and another to 13 % health fund ( haigekassa ) . 
  there 's also private entities , although few bigger clinics , that are mostly used by the rich and by companies that provide extra check-ups for their workers ( general and work related stuff ) . 
  dental care is free for everyone mentioned above except for the ones who actually pay for it . 
  ambulances and critical emergencies are free for anyone , even down to heart surgeries . 
  i 've had one instance of dealings with ambulance in the recent years a couple of months back , when we were celebrating friends birthday at a house , which was pretty much in the middle of the nowhere . 
  about 5km of dirt road to highway , which was inaccessible because snow for smaller cars , and it still kept pouring . 
  at some point , guys started messing with eachother , and after a while one dude started complaining having a pain in his back . 
  lest to say , he was quite drunk by then . 
  he himself took it upon him to call the emergency , and as the phone had ringed a few times , he somehow sobered/wised up , and thought of not going through it and ended the call . 
  about 45 minutes passed , and bam , we had an ambulance car next to our rented house , paramedics jumping through the door to give their assistance ( i recon they 've upgraded their system so that even highlights the missed calls and then triangulates signal to get location ) . 
  by then , we already knew our friend was ok , and had instead made a sick joke , so we were all pretty embarrased and apologetic . 
  this is an exception , though . 
  for the past 2 years , i 've myself had something unfortunate going on with my body that affects my physical as well as mental performance . 
  hence , i 've gone through 10 + doctors , in both public and private system , have had a surgery , so hopefully i can bring some insight to this discussion . 
  initially , there first line of our public health care consist of family doctors , which deal with the most general issues . 
  i think everyone is entitled to one , even if you are not a citizen , but in some places their workload is amazingly high , so that they might not be able to threat you with best of their abilities , and sometimes 5 minutes of their time is all you can get . 
  in case you have a health problem that requires higher specialization , the family doctor will hopefully suggest you someone experienced , provides you a recommendation letter , and then it 's up to you to make an appointment to that specialist . 
  now , it depends on what kind of issue you might be having , the usual wait-time is around a month and sometimes even higher , much higher . 
  in my own dealings , i 've found that it 's wiser to through private system . 
  i call the clinic up , get an appointment in 2-3 days , pay about 30-35e , and meet up with a highly recognized doctor who is doing a side job from the public sector . 
  most of them will direct you to their hospital ( the same deal you would 've gotten if you cba-d to wait for a month ) , but even then , the treatment that you 'll be getting will be better . 
  on a downside , they sometimes prolong with this , do all sorts of analysis on the site , and occasionally even drift the discussion towards politics or economy , while you 're paying them 60e per hour , which indeed is quite ironic . 
  the biggest problem is that since you visit your family doctor only once , you will have no one looking at the bigger picture . 
  now , if you 're need of complicated surgery , the real fun starts . 
  due to low wages in our public care quite large amount of doctors have left the country for finland , which means the rest of them who have stayed are overworked , grumpy and generally do n't really give a shit . 
  this is especially true for those who started in the soviet era . 
  the younger ones tend to be pretty sympathetic and do indeed treat you as a human being . 
  now , if you sign up for a surgery that is not critical , you 'll be put into a waiting list . 
  the wait-time usually depends on a field , but i 've heard of cases where it took more than a year . 
  personally , for me , it took about 8 months after signing up to get my wisdom teeth pulled out . 
  fortunately , if you indeed are in a need of urgent care , you 'll be landing on the top of the list . 
  however , although you might as well died waiting for your surgery , the quality of treatment will be on par with something you 'll receiving in the west , and there is n't anything you ca n't really get . 
  after the surgery , although i 've heard most european countries offer some kind of recovery treatment , well , this is almost non-existant in estonia ( except for the private gigs ) . 
  what comes to the mental health , this is also under-founded . 
  most of the buildings look like they have suffered from a earthquake . 
  the staff usually seem to care , especially if the doctors and nurses are post-soviet . 
  about medications . 
  the health care system will pay % of your prescribed drugs , up to 100 % , but mostly 50 % . 
  they recently introduced electronic prescription system , where doctor logs on to a website , finds you through your personal id number , adds a prescription to your name , and then all you need to do is show your id card at the drugstore to get your meds , so there 's thankfully no need to carry a separate health card . 
  tldr ; estonia 's health care system , it pretty much sucks . 
  one of my great aunties met a german soldier during the wii , and as the germans pulled out from the country , he took her along to be married in germany . 
  as they made it back to germany and as he had laid out the plans for marrying her to his family , they forced her to unlearn everything about her estonian language , past and traditions , or they simply would n't be accepting her . 
  she did and spoke not a word in estonian for the next 40 years . 
  i 'm sure she did face less hurdles because she did n't differ much from average german by her looks , but she indeed sacrificed a lot to be part in that society . 
  so , although i do n't know much about the present day issues in germany concerning turks , it looks to me if they are n't also able to sacrifice that something and start identifying themselves as germans with all the perks , then why should everyone else bother ? 
  if they indeed have done everything to accept german language , traditions and hence , they do eat sauerkraut for the christmas while singing o tannenbaum , yet they still are n't regarded as a rightful citizens , then this seems like a text-book case of racism . 
  just wait a few hours . 
  my photoshop is still launching :-), 
  attention seeking personality disorder ? 
  teenage angst ? 
  there 's something clearly wrong with you , fluxforge . 
  there are however exceptions for small amounts . 
  if you were crossing russian border to estonia , you could legally take ( i think ) one block of cigarettes and a litre of vodka along with you . 
  now bear i mind that bottle of taxed vodka in shops is around 9euros , while you can get moonshine with less than 1/4 of the price in russia . 
  some people living in narva or in it 's russian neighbor city ivangorod could take ( and they do take ) virtually unlimited vodka trips a day ( legally ) that will result in a nice profit . 
  that said , moonshine accounts for more than 20 % of vodka consumed in estonia . 
  yes , i agree . 
  i 'd just like to add that if in case reddit was sold by conde naste to , say aol , and the latter messed with the algorithms how the content and product should behave . 
  then , if we think that made the site biased , then we could simply vote by our feet ( or clicks ) and move away from the site . 
  the money stream would dry up ( as in the case of digg ) for aol , and this would be highlighting the fact that users are at least partly responsible of success of the site , hence have at least some form of responsibility and ownership ( not in terms of money or ip , of course , but in power ) . 
  this might not be so on sites which just aggregate content to users , but on sites where the content is produced by users to users , this will lead to a effect of hivemind , which is something you , me or really anyone else can neither predict or control . 
  btw , have you noticed how little moderation reddit has lately gotten from the admins and wondered why was it so ? 
  the site has matured to a stage where users control the site , not the admins ( and definitely not conde nast for that matter ) . 
  you would n't want to piss off the hivemind , that 's why . 
  edit : by following my logic , our little r/europe which consists mainly of europeans ( i think ) , should be considered as european . 
  if users on social news webpages do not matter , then we would still be having digg in all it 's dubious glory , would n't we ?
