  since noone has n't taken a bite , then i will . 
  this decision is made after a public referendum where 75 % of the people voted yes on free public transport . 
  most of the places that hosted this so called `` public referendum '' and where one could vote were placed strategically to where most of tallinn mayor 's usual voters like to hang around , e.g near to all the cheapest supermarkets in and near lasnam\u00e4e . 
  i happened to use stockmann , kristiine keskus aswell as j\u00e4rve keskus at the time of the voting and i could n't spot any . 
  russians ca n't vote . 
  you need to be a citizen of estonia or the eu to vote in local elections ( or referendums . ), 
  the russians living here , who are constantly vilified in the media , are neither . 
  what has this got anything to do with anything ? 
  the voting was directed towards those who had residence in tallinn and who were paying their taxes to tallinn . 
  you can vote on whatever polls you 'd like , as long as you 're not a non-estonian citizen voting for the parliament . 
  what 's wrong with politicians making decisions based on what people want ? 
  some would say that 's their job . 
  a large part of the people in tallinn ( and estonia and the europe ) are ` old ' . 
  surely they need to be represented ? 
  are you really sure that those people who participated in the voting really `` knew '' what they were voting for or maybe someone drew a carefully orchestrated media stunt and was therefore in a better place to know ? 
  as much as i 've seen and heard about keskerakond 's / savisaar 's tactics , then it has been all around demagogy right from the beginning . 
  which is also the reason why the guy is a mayor : populism really is his solution to problems . 
  unfortunately , that works on best on those who are n't educated as well as those who actually can see further from those green election banners that paint the city for weeks before elections with slogans such as `` done ! '' . 
  you can see the tv guide for tallinn tv here : http://www.tallinnatv.eu/index.php?id=3424[1] it mostly shows concerts , documentaries , miniseries ' and sports . 
  uh and the news . 
  which of those is the propaganda ? 
  he also appears regularly on radio shows on publicly funded channels . 
  are those propaganda channels as well ? 
  a lot of things are paid by tax payers ' money . 
  does n't mean they 're corrupt . 
  this guy basically created this tv-channel to push his party 's own agenda . 
  compare it 's news to news on err 's channels and really concentrate on objective newscasting and you 'll get my drift . 
  i do n't think he 's a bad mayor at all . 
  for contrast a mayor of tallinn in the 90s said that `` only losers need public transport . '', 
  i know which one i prefer . 
  i 'm sure parking your six-figure mercedes where ever you like undoubtedly creates a good impression on anyone . 
  yes , that also implies he wo n't be using any of that free public transportation , since he never uses any . 
  compare that to some of his counterparts in `` europe '' who actually bike to work . 
  additionally , waiving fares for public transportation would mean the money to fund it would have to come from somewhere else . 
  the city argued that it will come from taxes of those people who will be then registering themselves as a residents of tallinn . 
  as of beginning of the last decembre and now , there have been 2000 new residents . 
  good luck with funding those schools and kindergartens . 
   so extreme to want to have your home accomondate your beliefs ... by using government money . 
  how comfortable !, 
  have there even been any other countries ? 
  also , one point that has n't been mentioned yet is that you really would n't want to pull out your `` graphic '' cigarette pack in the public , as people would probably associate that image with yourself . 
  so you 'd be better off doing that when no one is around to see you , which in turn could reduce smoking . 
  as a smoker , i would n't object to the whole idea . 
   we have a bigger population than the baltic states altogether ( 4 more million , which explains the lower gdp per capita ) no it does n't . 
  he was disrupting the reporter , twice . 
  if maybe not rude , but still a bit of disrespectful . 
  i have to disagree . 
  although we ca n't make out some if it in beginning , and we see no smirks on smiles on his behalf , he is being rude towards the journalist and then goes on babbling on different matter , totally disregarding the question . 
  does n't seem very serious at all . 
  not sure about the laughing part , but when avramopuolos got asked whether the forced immigration during the soviet times had been taken into account , he had this to reply : [ `` today there might be a crisis in the mediterranean , tomorrow in in the black sea . 
  we wo n't be ever ignoring the situation , which applies for eu 's southern as well as eastern border . 
  '' ] ( http://www.postimees.ee/3204233/euroopa-komisjon-avalikustab-pagulaskvoodi-ettepanekud ) no wonder estonians suddenly became so skeptical on the whole quota issue , since were usually pretty good at determining if some kind of bullshitting is going around . 
   estonia also has conscription which adds quite a lot . 
  lithuania is about to reintroduce conscription . 
  why ca n't you ? 
   also your ties with scandinavia helps a lot . 
  how ? 
  all in all , you are just expecting your neighbours and allies to do the heavy lifting while not contributing anything yourself . 
  estonia was is in the exact same spot and still we manage to spend at least 2 % of gdp on defence . 
  it 's no wonder some estonian generals say that estonia 's weakest border is with latvia . 
  the standard of living is pretty good in tallinn and tartu , but the rest of the country is n't in much of shape to be honest . 
  it 's improving very rapidly , so maybe in a decade or so . 
  i guess i should spend more time in finland then . 
  however , if israel was to alleviate its spending on millitary then it would be a completely different story ... 
  but as i heard thats not going to happen in hundred years . 
  the first i thing i did when arriving at home after a over month away from it was to heat up a sauna to about 90c , 
  i was amazed how developed and expensive this country was ( think finland ) . 
  include gaza strip into the statistics and it suddenly looks a lot more like estonia . 
  i 'm not aware of any documentaries that go very deep into the subject , but there was [ an animation ] ( https://vimeo.com/62741577 ) made couple of years ago . 
   legal vigilante would n't those two terms contradict each other though ? 
  what if the man was n't a burglar , and instead went on to kill my relatives ( read : the turkmen ) by crossing into my property briefly while he was at it . 
  he also wears all black and has a automatic rifle . 
  what would you do if all previous attempts at calling 911 resulted in warnings towards the towards the man in black during a city council and there 's no one left to restore order in your backyard anymore ? 
  interesting question indeed . 
  i 'm no way advocating for escalation , but the turks did have point there . 
  they have every right to project power inside their internationally recognized borders . 
  [ at least 200 in the startup scene ] ( https://medium.com/@martinsokk/we-are-missing-200-people-in-estonian-startups-74abba4321b0#.64gx8dhll ) and startups are just a minuscule part of estonian tech industry . 
  do you mean northern estonia ? 
  we can into nordic this time !, 
  unfortunately , here it 's a big news . 
  for example , the state issued a decree where you could be summoned to an exercise with just 24 hour prior notice , and [ the first event , that included over 300 participants , was held this weekend ] ( http://news.err.ee/v/news/81af2ac6-417f-4bcc-a1dc-eb98097dec80/estonian-defense-forces-summon-300-troops-for-snap-exercise ) . 
  imho , i think * sexual harassmen * t ( not * rape * , there is a difference ) is a necessity . 
  * women * simply do not learn or function like a rational adult . 
  you can not elicit the same response efficiently and with the same strength by taking something away or putting them in a time out . 
  edit : / s. 
  internet sarcasm is hard . 
  compared to latvia/lithuania yes , compared to finland/sweden , well , not necessarily . 
  i guess estonia 's focus towards education in it can be categorised into two stages . 
  the first , which started around 95 , had a goal of bringing computers and internet to every student . 
  i think they/we achieved that somewhere around 99/00 when almost all of the schools had a broadband ( read : isdn ) access and enough computers to actually teach computers to pupils . 
  however , there were no real schoolbooks concerning the matter and the matter whether any of students actually gained from those classes anything other than using the web for social purposes/gaming is highly debatable . 
  back then , i think , there was no real programs for teachers either , so every teacher was supposed to learn it on her own . 
  that usually meant that if a pupil had a computer at home , there was a high probability that said kid was smarter than his computer teacher . 
  even nowadays they are still just teaching excel/word for 10th graders and nothing more . 
  though , i think that 's about to change . 
  there are few elite schools that have taken the initiative in ditching the schoolbooks altogether for tablets and i 've heard the government wants to continue with that trend for all schools . 
  additionally , there are two separate programs with goals such as bringing programming and as well as robot building to elementary schools . 
  could that possibly mean that we would have an army of students highly skilled in the it in high schools in 10 or 15 years ? 
  probably not . 
  there just is n't enough knowledgeable teachers around .
