beautiful port city , with great food and tsipouro , and with pelion nearby , which is awesome year round . 
  in greece it 's both '' \u03a0\u03bb\u03b1\u03c4\u03cd\u03c0\u03bf\u03b4\u03b1\u03c2 '' , meaning `` widefooted '' and '' \u039f\u03c1\u03bd\u03b9\u03b8\u03cc\u03c1\u03c5\u03b3\u03c7\u03bf\u03c2 '' meaning `` chicken-nosed '' . 
  as a greek who has lived in spain , this is correct . 
  welcome to internal devaluation , where some will work for two and the rest will be unemployed . 
  they should focus on cracking down these fake farmers instead of destroying the few true farmers who still exist and produce . 
  eurovision 2015 never forget . 
  probably from a shitty facebook post . 
  so if greece exits the eurozone and starts recovering , what happens when italy decides to exit the eurozone in order to recover ? 
  so eurozone ca n't do debt relief , because the necessary procedures and frameworks do n't exist . 
  but they were fine suggesting a grexit , even though the necessary procedures and frameworks do n't exist . 
  it 's like buying any other piece of land in a country . 
  oh , those poor poor shipowners . 
  i really feel for them . 
  it would be better to link directly to the site , those guys do a great job and need the support . 
  and here i was packing my bags . 
  greeks does n't work, 
  give more power to the parliament or some other institution with directly elected representatives , so they are n't faceless bureaucrats . 
  they had a disagreement on how to handle the `` oxi '' with tsipras and he asked him to resign . 
  you ca n't blame him for lying . 
  it 's not universal , it 's just guaranteed basic income for those who have nothing . 
  we have quite a few tanks already . 
  calling it , varoufakis creates a new social democratic party and becomes prime minister next elections . 
  he had the most votes than any other mp in the last elections . 
  he wanted to issue ious and keep the banks open . 
  tsipras did n't let him . 
  read the article . 
  since the op said that her mother is greek roma , i wanted to say that it 's exactly the same in greece also . 
  since the op said that her mother is greek roma , i wanted to say that it 's exactly the same in greece also . 
  the only thing i do n't like about the guardian , is that helena smith , their correspondent in greece , gets her news from skai which is known to be anti-government and has done ridiculous propaganda against them . 
  welcome to greddit, 
  `` all i know is that i know nothing '' - jon snow, 
  it developer in greece here also . 
  help me find a job and i 'm not leaving . 
  yes , there are no limits for foreign accounts . 
  however atms without cash is common phenomenon . 
  yeah there are roads all over the aegean sea . 
  so this is what he meant when he said we need to behave like adults . 
  it 's `` politics '' . 
  how does the party being in power have anything to do with panic being good or not ? 
  relevant article with more info on the subject : http://www.thepressproject.gr/details_en.php?aid=79064, 
  you left out the part about spreading panic . 
  also tsipras and varoufakis are not journalists . 
  panic is never good . 
  i leave it to you to translate . 
  as other said , it 's not about equal time . 
  it was intentional spread of false information , to promote panic and scare people in to voting yes . 
  greek media reached north korean levels of propaganda during the last week . 
  do you doubt it ? 
  as even your graphs show , greece is getting in line with germany . 
  however the situation still is n't improving , gdp continues to grow as does the debt . 
  clearly changes are in order . 
  yes , sorry for finally electing new people instead of the ones who created this mess . 
  when you are in a union of nations and currency , it 's everyone 's problem . 
  to add the cuts were specific to personnel and supplies . 
  they did n't want them to cut from buying military equipment . 
  come on , you ca n't seriously believe he did it for the pension . 
  varoufakis would be making a lot more money from his career as a professor , than any greek pension . 
  we are sick of `` efficient '' politicians . 
  what we need now is idealists and leaders to push things forward . 
  the finance minister must be at the eurogroup , even though he is n't the head negotiator , but the rest finmins do n't want him there . 
  in 2010 greece introduces austerity measures to repay the debt which was 120 % of gdp . 
  in 2015 , behind schedule , the debt is 175 % . 
  it was the `` experts '' who brought us to this situation . 
  when you make songs that are still played 2200 years later , you have done enough . 
  nobody says we should go back to partying . 
  our problem is n't austerity , of course you must cut spending when you have debts to repay . 
  the problem is that implementing austerity without restructuring a clearly unsustainable debt and with no investment package , makes repaying the debt more difficult and completely destroys the economy . 
  this has been admitted by the technocrats and the politicians in private , however they do n't admit it publicly for political reasons . 
  this must change if we are ever to overcome the crisis and go back to being a proper union . 
  are you greek ; because until the 30th of june you could apply to vote at your place of residence . 
  you could even do it online . 
  yes i 'm greek and that 's what i expect . 
  yes but if you want to be registered at your village instead of the place you live , you ca n't complain that you have to travel 80 kilometres in order to vote, 
  tsipras never said `` do this or i leave '' on the contrary he said that we want to stay and they ca n't force us out . . 
  it was merkel and co. who rushed to say that the referendum is about euro or drachma . 
  and now they rush again to say the opposite . 
  syriza agreed to the austerity agreement . 
  they just want debt restructuring and an investment package to go with it . 
  and the imf agrees with them . 
  wow , poland supporting greece . 
  that 's new . 
  the polling station is 80 kilometers away , because grandpa wants to vote at his small village and vote his best buddy for mayor . 
  there are polling stations in almost every neighborhood , but people prefer to vote in their places of origin . 
  and some nazism in between . 
  there were a lot more people crying in queues of other banks , all these years . 
  food banks . 
  hey if we are like the weimar republic now , maybe in 30 years we will be europe 's superpower . 
  government resigns and an interim government signs the new deal which includes self-defeating austerity and prolongs the recession . 
  after a couple of years we are in the same position discussing the same things , only the economic situation will be even worse . 
  after a lot of bickering between usa ( imf ) , france and germany , they will finally include a debt restructuring with the deal due to `` deep concern '' . 
  finally the crisis starts to end . 
  we already have a humanitarian crisis . 
  check the data . 
  of course they would say that . 
  they would never admit they were wrong for the second time . 
  they did a lot of cutting and for good reason , but we never saw any moves to raise the revenue . 
  that was the main reason all this is happening . 
  this needs to be higher up . 
  you do know that syriza ( synaspismos ) broke off from the communist party because they were pro-europe , do n't you ? 
  greece has n't done anything to address the issues .
