hmmmm . 
  makes sense . 
  9 billion seems pretty cheep for such a project . 
  speaking of the cost . 
  anyone with an urban economics background be able to shed light on how , if it is even possible , a gkverment can project the roi on a project like this ? 
  if it will provide net benefit or not ? 
  im really surprised this isnt getting more press here in the states . 
  why not place it over a real map ? 
  this style seems useless . 
  and iceland, 
  its so hard to grt video like this out of israel/gaza, 
  maybe he made a throwaway just for this topic ? 
  i find it completely plausible that ww3 could be sparked by media entities like fox news and russian media . 
  or at least dramatically helped along . 
  thanks irish team , i like your thinking . 
  someone once told me there was a word in german that ca n't be translated to english and it 's like this positive feeling you get looking at natural scenery ( like looking at mountains off in the distance ) . 
  have you ever heard of such a word ? 
  why did some say what language it was from but most did n't ? 
  i thought it was a beaver , which made sense for canada ... now i 'm not sure what . 
  you 'd think so if it was further south . 
  but it 's in the deep south practically . 
  a few miles from alabama . 
  which i know sounds weird . 
  the deep south is an area north of southern florida . 
  where it goes from redneck to caribbean . 
  i have a good feeling the [ florida state senate ] ( http://cabinetmagazine.org/events/phallic/flcapitol_2.gif ) building was built to this style . 
  it 's gray , ominous and ugly as sin . 
  risky click of the day, 
  i bet a lot of them were n't calling germans nazis but just referencing the defeat of the nazis in a joking way . 
  austria made out real well . 
  ah ok . see i did n't know that people sometimes used britain and the uk interchangeably . 
  so if i meet someone and they say `` i 'm british '' then it 's fair for me to ask `` oh , which country ? '', 
  so , just to be clear , britain is the uk minus northern ireland right ? 
  or england + scotland and wales ( and the isle of mann ? ), 
  that sounds so fun, 
  from the sounds of it , it 's to keep the apples from turning brown while being shipped . 
  so i do n't thing cider production will be affected . 
  that does n't mean it meets the total apple demand of all europe . 
  because if it did , than american apple companies would n't be wasting their time shipping apples all the way across the ocean . 
  but why would european farmers plant apples trees if consumers were buying american apples instead of european ones ? 
  it would make more sense to use their land to grow other crops . 
  even if europe has the capacity to produce the same supply of apples , it will take time to convert the farmland from whatever it is being used now to apple trees . 
  in the meantime i would expect a price increase . 
  unless american apples are n't really that popular in europe to begin with . 
  in which this whole thing is a non-story . 
  i do n't see how that would be possible, 
  i wonder how this will affect apple prices, 
  woah ... is this a new thing this year ? 
  sorry , i do n't really know anything about european politics . 
  well soon we 'll be speaking spanish over here so ... 
  lol okay . 
  nice username btw . 
  not sure if you were joking or not . 
  but alot of that per troop cost goes to equipment , food/board , training etc. 
  i feel as if the u.s. ' spending on military power , given the nato alliance , allows europe to spend very little tax revenue on their own military . 
  i do n't know if what the u.s. gains in being so much more powerful than europe is worth the cost . 
  they should make is so that you can only downvote so many times before you have to comment and explain . 
  double check your map . 
  it 's center-east, 
  i do n't know why you 're being downvoted , it 's kind of true for some of the really extreme ones . 
  a lot of nigerians and ugandans seem to support him for the same reason . 
  yeah , it 's been really difficult to determine who is fake and who is actuall pro-russian . 
  youtube comments are ridiculous . 
  even here on reddit i see it a lot . 
  if you post in / r/ukrainianconflict , usually your pro-west comment will get downvoted pretty fast before other users see it , and start upvoting it . 
  but it always has this initial plummet in karma before rebounding . 
  although , this could be due to time zone differences . 
  i 'm not sure . 
  also , in the u.s. , those who seem to listen to more conservative news outlets also seem to be oddly pro-russian ... 
  wow , it would be something if the eu bordered iran . 
  georgia and azerbaijan are in europe ? 
  hmm , maybe ktm should open a factory in romania or bulgaria ? 
  it 's been acknowledged that serbian militants are supporting the russians in crimea . 
  not to be a conspiracy theorist but , perhaps one of them could have done it en route ? 
  i have no idea if they are getting to crimea by land or sea . 
  if it was indeed ukrainians , not only is it sad , but it 's incredibly stupid timing . 
  why would a group being accused of being fascist , that wants closer ties to the eu , be anti-hungarian ? 
  it just does n't make sense . 
  pretty much this ^ watching msnbc or fox might piss me off sometimes , but watching cnn america makes me feel like i 'm losing iq sometimes . 
  the best news is n't on tv . 
  it 's either on npr radio , or written down ( i really like `` the economist '' ), 
  do they not read history books ? 
  it 's kind of sad that they can be so easily duped . 
  i guess that 's the risk you take when you order weapons from another country . 
  you may get a better price or a better product but there is a trade-off to not having it made in house . 
  the french could impound it though , and use it as a bargaining chip , no ? 
  did the russians pay for it already ? 
  what does the nazi flag mean to people in the region ? 
  because to me ( and i want to say most americans ) it means germans ( or people with white skin ) that are ultra-nationalist , imperialist , and they want to systematically ethnically cleanse their region of anyone who is jewish , non-white , or homosexual . 
  that 's one of the big ironies to me . 
  i was going to say . 
  do n't we have a huge surplus of lng here in the states ? 
  we got you europe . 
  funny that they refer to it as the `` territory of ukraine '' and not the nation of ukraine . 
  was the vote for to sanction military force in all of the ukraine or crimea ? 
  does he have some kind of type of predator style invisibility pants on or something ? 
  lol, 
  yeah but the whole selling point of is is in the name ... islamic state . 
  they want to make their own islamic state the way it was in the time of mohamed . 
  would be counter-productive to leave the new state they are trying to form and defend for one that disgusts them with it 's lack of islamic law .
