  right after russia started sending tanks , soldiers , mechanics , and preparing military airports for helicopters and planes , and barracks for 1000s of soldiers . 
  russia has now sway over europe in two major ways ; oil/gas flow , and with the refugees . 
  if putin decided , he could cause 1 million more of refugees this week . 
  i do not like putin , but he is very smart . 
  what is worse is that europe is very naive . 
  the way she is acting is it as if it were n't her country anyway . 
  she was elected for and by germans . 
  her cheap emotional rethoric will get germans killed . 
  this will happen more and more in europe and in germany . 
  islam has arrived , and it is here to stay . 
  it is also basically what merkel is doing to europe . 
  just in a bigger scale . 
  they know how to push europe 's buttons though . 
  very clever and media-savyy, 
  leverage on europe . 
  officials look the other way in exchange of bribes from smugglers . 
  erdogan thinks himself as the next caliph and is kickstarting the demographic change in europe . 
  turkey has lots of refugees . 
  a high number of which are young , restless and have no jobs . 
  that is not good for any country . 
  except germany off course . 
  by getting rid of some refugees he guarantees inner stability in turkey . 
  for shits and giggles ? 
  turkey was denied entry to the eu , so in a way it 's like `` lol fuck u eu '', 
  lol this is the future of europe if germany keeps importing 1 million of them each year, 
  this tbh, 
  this is insane . 
  german government needs to clear its head and act rationally . 
  alienating eastern european countries will not work . 
  all politics are internal politics . 
  no sane polish politic will cave in , he would look weak and go against its constituents . 
  merkel is savyy and clever . 
  she is no amateur politician . 
  what is she thinking ? 
  thing is , if everything keeps going as of now . 
  germany will be part of the islamic caliphate, 
  this . 
  cant _____ the orban suggestions ? 
  and that 's also terrible for europe, 
  damn , they do not kid around . 
  reminds me of the typical fortress-cars in zombie movies . 
   i do n't think there are many refugees from iran for now . 
  the entire middle east and north africa is basically mobilizing as we speak . 
  isis , putin and the muslim world must be delighted with what 's going on . 
  it is a master move . 
  playing right into european naivety . 
  everybody should watch the children of men . 
  we are heading there . 
  we are living in interesting times , boys, 
  just, 
  invasion plans, 
  `` they were friends of the islamic man ... '' `` mohammad ? '', 
  ayooo shotsfired, 
  bane ? 
  wow what a racist nazi, 
  for simple minds , there can only be two opinons . 
  either `` all foreigners welcome '' or `` no foreigners welcome . 
  the idea of a well-regulated immigration is too complex and does not allow bleeding heart liberals or right-wing nuts to go out and protest . 
  it would instead require to think , and bugger that, 
   people who are actually able to pull off living illegally in germany for a significant amount of time are model immigrants . 
  is this sarcasm ? 
  did you read what you just wrote ? . 
  allowing hundreds of thousands of people with detrimental beliefs to the west is a bad thing . 
  being happy over the fact they will build parallel societies is just ... does it have to be said ? 
  in 2-3 generations there will either be a rightwing backslash , huge islamization problems , or a society where islam has been tamed . 
  the last one seems implausible given the huge amount of money and political will coming from the gulf states and turkey trying to impose an islamified identity in the muslims of europe . 
  that leaves the 2 first options . 
  and both are terrible . 
  the process usually lasts months if not years . 
  and those were timeframes with the old refugee stream . 
  with 1 + million coming every year , no one knows how much time will it take to interview , and process every single one of them . 
  in the meantime they get free everything . 
  if they get caught well , that was it , they get a ticket home after some downtime . 
  what most likely happen is that they wont be deported . 
  either because it took too long or just because they dont . 
  germany deported 20k out of 160k it should have deported last year . 
  worst case scenario , try again . 
  and this time , since there are no controls , just go to an arab neighbourhood in berlin and stay there . 
  get a schwarzarbeit and carry on . 
   you actually think that all people who did n't get accepted will peacefully leave . 
  your country is fucked beyond means . 
  i do n't think that for even a single second . 
  we are witnessing the destruction of europe, 
  i think they did take the money once , and the us was like `` gotcha '', 
  also pakistanies , afghans , iraqis who can easily buy a fake syrian passport in turkey, 
  it has come to the point where the government will have to either double down on what they have said until now , or accept they made a mistake . 
  i would bet on 500k per year for the next 3 years minimum . 
  great column . 
  where can one get such down-to-earth and calm opinion columns anymore ? 
  omg u r so racist we have to mortage our homes now !, 
  i heard half baghdad is now on the way , we have to make room . 
  thank god saudi arabia got europe covered with those free 200 salafi mosques . 
  and europe will accept it and say thank you very much , can i have more ? 
  if germany does not accept , it is because they are racist , discriminatory and a bunch of neo.nazis man , this is fucking insane . 
  ah cool . 
  serious question now . 
  is n't france like 10 % muslim already and increasing ? . 
  what will they do when they get to 20 % in a couple of generations and start creating/voting for islamic parties ? 
   the public opinion in france in center left except on some thing : islam mainly . 
  what does that mean ?
